These shoes were made in Italy.
These shoes will last you two years.
These shoes will not stand too much wear.
These shoes will stand up to hard use.
These shoes won't hold up very long.
These shoes won't last long.
These shoes won't last very long.
These shops are open all year round.
These shops don't get much foot traffic, and there are hardly any cars that come this way.
These shorts don't fit anymore.
These should sell quickly.
These shutters need to be replaced.
These signals tell other insects not to eat that plant and move along, in order to avoid any competition between insects. The signals also warn others of possibly-dangerous chemical compounds in the plant.
These signatures don't match.
These silly Westerners get all up in arms about Asians eating dogs, but ridicule those who criticize meat-eating in general.
These simple tips will help you declutter your home.
These sinkholes are time bombs.
These slums are a disgrace to the city.
These small birds move very quickly.
These small letters can only be read with a magnifying glass.
These small rodents store up nuts in the winter.
These smaller parts are called counties, and each county has a county council, like Westhamptonshire County Council.
These smoked fish taste like a tire fire.
These snails are cannibals.
These snails are edible.
These snakes just attack if they feel cornered.
These snakes really bite.
These so-called agglomerations could be seen in several different patterns.
These social workers hand out free syringes to drug users.
These socks are Tom's.
These socks are a bargain.
These socks are dirty.
These socks are made from bamboo fibre.
These socks are yours.
These socks do not match.
These socks don't stretch when you wash them.
These socks have holes in them.
These socks were left out.
These socks were left outside.
These sodding mosquitoes will suck all our blood out of us.
These soldiers are wearing civilian clothes.
These solvents, due to their volatility, evaporate into the atmosphere when used.
These some recent days, now being the 14th of August of 2022, I've been perusing vast galactic dreams. I'm currently reading a Spanish-language e-book, Trilogía de la Fundación, by Isaac Asimov. On YouTube, I've been viewing clips of the newest Dune movie (2021), which is also galactic in scope. However, people at Kin's Farm Market, this morning, say, "Yāhǎi!" (鸭海 Duck Ocean).
These songs are really popular.
These songs are very popular.
These songs are well known by the youth.
These songs remind me of the happy memories of past days.
These soup dumplings are freshly steamed and still piping hot. Don't burn your mouth on the broth inside!
These sources are poor.
These sources are reputable.
These sources are untrustworthy.
These space rocks orbit the Sun in a large, circular region called the asteroid belt.
These special characteristics explain its preference for still-hunting (lying motionless beside a seal's breathing hole, waiting for one to surface).
These special characteristics explain its preference for still-hunting (lying motionless beside a seal’s breathing hole, waiting for one to surface).
These specimens are divided into several categories.
These spiral-bound notebooks are really cheap.
These spoons are still dirty.
These sportsmen are themselves to blame, for their dogs are so badly broken that they ran about here and there barking so loudly that they alarmed my goats, and like so many wolves drove them from the slopes towards the shore.
These squares are called pixels—short for picture elements.
These stairs are a little slippery, so please be careful.
These stairs are creaky.
These standing orders shall regulate the service conditions and shall be applicable to the workmen of the company.
These stars glow in the dark.
These states were united into one nation.
These statistics are provided by Algeria's government.
These statistics are provided by the Algerian government.
These statistics don't need to be dynamically updated.
These statistics should be a warning sign to all Americans that the pandemic is not over.
These statistics were communicated by the Algerian ministry of finance.
These stellar deaths can leave behind neutron stars, which pack more mass than our Sun into a sphere roughly as wide as the island of Manhattan is long.
These stockings are not completely black but slightly bluish.
These stockings are very dear.
These stocks have grinded higher.
These stones are sometimes sold for jacinths, but they are softer than the jacinth, and melt easily before the blow-pipe.
These stories are allegedly true.
These stories are as old as anything that men have invented. They were narrated by naked savage women to naked savage children. They have been inherited by our earliest civilised ancestors, who really believed that beasts and trees and stones can talk if they choose, and behave kindly or unkindly. The stories are full of the oldest ideas of ages when science did not exist, and magic took the place of science.
These stories are told in colloquial and everyday language.
These stories are very interesting to me.
These stories don't fit today's topic.
These stories fit today's topic.
These straw mats, called "tatami" in Japanese, are no longer made by hand.
These strawberries are all squashed and mushy.
These strawberries taste delicious.
These strawberries taste very sweet.
These strawberry tree fruits are full of little seeds.
These strawberry tree fruits are gritty.
These strawberry tree fruits are ripe.
These strawberry tree fruits are ripening.
These strawberry tree fruits are very firm to the touch.
These strawberry tree fruits aren't super tasty.
These strawberry tree fruits aren't that bad.
These strawberry tree fruits have a mangoey flavor.
These strawberry tree fruits have a regular strawberry flavor.
These strawberry tree fruits have completely ripened.
These strawberry tree fruits have matured a little bit.
These strawberry tree fruits have quite small seeds.
These strawberry tree fruits taste a little woody.
These strawberry tree fruits taste better without the skin.
These strawberry tree fruits taste like apples.
These strawberry tree fruits taste sandy.
These strawberry trees are growing in Tigzirt, Algeria.
These strawberry trees grow in Algeria.
These streets see more and more outbreaks of vigilante violence.
These structures would rarely, if ever, occur in spoken English.
These students are Korean.
These students are suspected of cheating.
These students are the crÃ¨me de la crÃ¨me of our school.
These students are the crème de la crème of our school.
These students don't want to learn. They just want to enjoy themselves.
These students work hard, but it's not that much efficient.
These studies make use of purposive sampling.
These stupid and disgusting medicine commercials make me mad.
These stupid comics are ruining Robert.
These stupid movie previews. Am I in the right theater?
These substances are not poisonous in themselves.
These sugar-free gummy bears are also laxatives.
These suitcases are Tom's and Mary's.
These suitcases are heavy.
These suitcases are kind of heavy.
These suitcases are mine.
These suitcases are really heavy.
These suites have a private balcony overlooking the sea.
These sunflowers are so beautiful.
These sunglasses are Tom's.
These sunglasses are from this year's limited edition.
These sunglasses are in.
These sunglasses are the latest model.
These sunglasses are too big.
These sunglasses are very expensive.
These sunglasses belong to you, don't they?
These sunglasses don't belong to you, do they?
These sunglasses were very expensive.
These sunglasses would look good on you.
These supplies became extremely valuable.
These sweet-scented roses I give to you.
These sweets cost eighty cents.
These symbolize the protagonist's unwillingness to give in to the pressures of society.
These symbolize the protagonist's unwillingness to succumb to the pressures of society.
These tables need to be bussed.
These tactics are necessary.
These tales have been passed on from generation to generation.
These talks bore me.
These tariffs are going to give us growth like you haven't seen before. And it'll be something very special to watch.
These tasty plants are grown in Algeria.
These taxes raised the prices on all goods.
These teacups make a pair.
These technical terms are derived from Greek.
These technical terms derive from Greek.
These technological gadgets are made in Algeria.
These teens are really funny.
These televisions take up too much space.
These tell us that he loved to talk and argue about art, politics and life.
These tenants get older.
These terms are not precisely defined.
These terms are often used interchangeably.
These terms cover limits to liability and other terms and conditions.
These terms have precise meaning for the expert audience the article was written for.
These terrible events shook his soul.
These tests are also standardized, so they can only give you questions from the syllabus you can find in preparatory books.
These textbooks cost a lot.
These textbooks need to be removed from schools.
These texts were written in Hebrew, not in Aramaic.
These theories remain controversial and are the subject of ongoing work.
These thermal socks will keep your feet warm.
These thick wool stockings will keep your legs warm.
These things I've told you I know from experience.
These things I’ve told you I know from experience.
These things always happen in threes.
These things always remain the same.
These things are and always will be arbitrary.
These things are by no means to be talked about outdoors.
These things are complicated.
These things are diametrically opposed.
These things are expensive.
These things are fake.
These things are fun.
These things are good quality.
These things are made in Algeria.
These things are mere abstractions.
These things are much better spoken about face to face so that we can draw diagrams and demonstrate timings on logic analyzers and oscilloscopes where necessary.
These things are not mentioned in the law.
These things are often unknown to the world.
These things are so much fun.
These things are straightforward, we can eliminate them.
These things are terrible.
These things are very hard to come by these days.
These things aren't mine!
These things aren't needed anymore.
These things aren't needed.
These things aren’t mine!
These things belong only to me.
These things belong to Tom.
These things belong to me.
These things belong to the past.
These things belonged to the emperor and his family.
These things can happen.
These things can't be cheap.
These things cannot be compared at all.
These things constitute a balanced meal.
These things do happen.
These things don't happen quickly.
These things don't sell well.
These things exist in Algeria.
These things happen quite frequently.
These things happen when you're drunk.
These things happen.
These things here are ingredients to make a delicious couscous.
These things just happen.
These things never happened.
These things only happen in Australia.
These things only happen in Boston.
These things only happen in Sweden.
These things only happen to me.
These things rarely ever work out.
These things should not be rushed.
These things shouldn't be rushed.
These things take time.
These things they did as he commanded.
These things were told to Rebecca: and she sent and called Jacob, her son, and said to him: Behold Esau, thy brother, threateneth to kill thee.
These thoughts sing a sad, sad melody.
These threads are integrated in such a way that ripping them is very difficult.
These three are for you.
These three are real rock legends.
These three are the sons of Noah: and from these was all mankind spread over the whole earth.
These three beautiful girls are all my nieces.
These three beautiful girls are my cousins.
These three books belong to Tom.
These three books don't belong to me.
These three countries were united into one.
These three extraterrestrials have come to earth to see if Ukraine can be saved.
These three hours of driving have worn me out. Let's stop at the first rest area we see.
These three oaths, what are they? One, that Israel shall not go up as a wall. One, the Holy One, Blessed be He, adjured upon Israel that they shall not rebel against the nations of the world. And one, the Holy One, Blessed be He, adjured upon the idolaters that they shall not oppress Israel too much.
These three oaths, what are they? One, that Israel shall not return to the land en masse. Another, the Holy One, Blessed be He, adjured upon Israel that they shall not rebel against the nations of the world. And finally, the Holy One, Blessed be He, adjured upon the nations of the world that they shall not oppress Israel too much.
These three pretty girls are all nieces of mine.
These three stars form the Belt of Orion.
These three suitcases are mine.
These three years have gone by like three days, just like a dream!
These tickets didn't cost me anything.
These tickets didn't cost us anything.
These tickets didn't cost you anything, did they?
These tickets were cheaper than I expected.
These tickets were expensive.
These tickets were given to me by Tom.
These ties are different.
These ties are for sale.
These ties are very expensive.
These ties aren't mine.
These tiles are broken.
These tips may save your life.
These tire tracks were made by a mid-size vehicle.
These toilets better be spotless by the time I come back!
These tokens have been generated for you to print and keep safe.
These tomatoes are ones that came from Tom's garden.
These tomatoes are tasteless.
These tomatoes came from Tom's garden.
These tomatoes don't have any taste.
These tomatoes taste delicious.
These tools are badly in need of repair.
These tools are barely used at all.
These tools are used for building a house.
These tools are used for building houses.
These tools are very simple to use.
These topaz earrings have been in my family for three generations.
These tortilla chips are stale.
These tortoises are both females.
These tortoises are different sizes.
These totals check with mine.
These tourists are disrespectful.
These tourists are loud and rude.
These tourists are rude.
These towels absorb a little bit better.
These towels absorb water.
These towels air-dry very quickly.
These towels always keep their shape.
These towels are also beautiful.
These towels are beautiful but expensive.
These towels are beautiful.
These towels are cheap.
These towels are clean.
These towels are different colors.
These towels are disposable.
These towels are great.
These towels are inexpensive.
These towels are lovely.
These towels are made in Algeria.
These towels are moist.
These towels are safe to bleach.
These towels are so soft.
These towels are supposed to be clean and dry.
These towels are the same color but different sizes.
These towels are very absorbent.
These towels are very efficient.
These towels are very expensive.
These towels are very, very absorbent.
These towels are wonderful.
These towels come in four colors.
These towels come with labels.
These towels could last for years.
These towels don't absorb water well.
These towels feel nice and soft.
These towels feel soft.
These towels have different colors.
These towels really smell bad.
These toys are suitable for girls.
These toys are very popular with cats.
These toys are very popular.
These toys belong to Tom's children.
These traders are from Algeria.
These traditional coats are imported from Algeria.
These transcripts are written for announcers to read, not the way English is normally written.
These translations are close to the original text.
These translations are very urgent.
These translations require a lot of attention, as the sentences often contain expressions with double meanings.
These tree shut out the view.
These tree trunks are generally transported by sea, though a certain quantity are also conveyed by train.
These trees are ancient.
These trees are beautiful.
These trees are centuries old.
These trees are still alive.
These trees can easily catch fire.
These trees cover up the landscape.
These trees must be infested.
These trees need our protection.
These trees shed their leaves during the winter.
These trees were planted by them.
These trees will all be cut down.
These trees will grow back.
These trees will never bear fruit.
These trees will never blossom.
These trees will screen our new house from public view.
These trees, with their strangely shaped, wind-beaten limbs, can live up to 5,000 years.
These trends predate the pandemic.
These tribes are of Mongoloid and Negrito origin, and some are believed to have traveled to the Andaman Islands from Africa some 60,000 years ago. They are considered one of the world's last links to prehistoric times.
These trousers are Tom's.
These trousers are a bit too tight round the waist.
These trousers are dirty.
These trousers are great! Where did you buy them?
These trousers are made of durable cloth.
These trousers are too big for me.
These trousers are too large.
These trousers are too long for me.
These trousers are too long.
These trousers are too tight for me.
These trousers don't fit me, I'm afraid. Could I please change them?
These trousers don't fit me.
These trousers don't fit properly.
These trousers don't fit.
These trousers fit me well.
These trousers need pressing.
These trucks are the lifeblood of Algeria.
These trucks are the lifeblood of the Algerian economy.
These trucks have been stuck here for days.
These turtles are not native to California.
These turtles aren't native to California.
These twin brothers are as alike as two peas in a pod.
These twins are like two peas in a pod.
These twins look like each other, so much so that I can't tell who is who.
These two Berber words come from exactly the same lexical root.
These two Berber words come from exactly the same root.
These two actors are a couple in real life.
These two actors are also a couple in real life.
These two animals belong to the same superphylum.
These two apparently dead men had come back from the cemetery, but how, in what manner, by what means?
These two are basically the same.
These two are not a couple.
These two are similar.
These two are standing abreast.
These two are vastly different from each other.
These two are very different from each other.
These two are widely different from each other.
These two are with me.
These two bags are similar.
These two bottles have different amounts of medicine.
These two bottles have the same amount of medicine.
These two boys are twins.
These two boys we can see are twins.
These two brothers are twins.
These two brothers resemble each other.
These two bull giraffes are traveling together.
These two can't take their hands off of each other.
These two chairs are small.
These two cities have the same traffic rules.
These two companies manufactured and distributed pumps and derricks.
These two concepts are intimately related.
These two countries are on the brink of war.
These two countries came to terms with each other for the sake of peace.
These two decrees limit the freedom of citizens.
These two drugs work differently.
These two events sent the countries of the region into overdrive to review and improve disaster preparedness.
These two factors are independent of each other.
These two fractions need to be given a common denominator.
These two friends are always together.
These two girls had been above an hour in the place, happily employed in visiting an opposite milliner, watching the sentinel on guard, and dressing a salad and cucumber.
These two have completely different patterning but no difference is seen in their internal morphology so it seems that they are considered the same.
These two have very little in common.
These two languages are very different from each other.
These two leaves look alike.
These two lines are at right angles.
These two lines are divergent.
These two lines are orthogonal.
These two lines are perpendicular.
These two lines cut across each other at right angles.
These two little jackals were so frightened that they ran here, there and everywhere, trying to get away from that Rajah Lion.
These two look like twins.
These two matters are unrelated.
These two noble and pure hearts beat with delight one against the other, and it only made them more noble and pure.
These two pairs of pants are made from different materials.
These two pairs of trousers are made from different fabrics.
These two pairs of trousers are made from different materials.
These two parts are interchangeable.
These two pencils are similar, but not the same.
These two pieces don't fit together.
These two pieces don't go together.
These two pieces don't match.
These two pieces fit together.
These two plans are alternative.
These two problems appear unrelated.
These two scratches stand out so I'd like them repaired.
These two scratches stand out so I’d like them repaired.
These two sentences mean about the same thing.
These two shirts are made from the same material.
These two sisters are both blond.
These two sisters are both blonde.
These two things are completely unrelated.
These two things are incompatible. Which one do you prefer?
These two things are very different.
These two things are very similar.
These two violinists are passionate content creators.
These two word are namesakes.
These two words are always together, without exception.
These two words are easily confused.
These two words both mean the same thing.
These two words start with a vowel.
These two years were completely pointless. It seems to me that I haven't matured one bit since I've been at the university.
These types of books have almost no value.
These types of crimes need to be stopped.
These types of steel are in the shop.
These types of steel are in the workshop.
These umbrellas are pretty inexpensive.
These umeboshi are really salty.
These underwear are made from a smooth, breathable fabric.
These ungrammatical sentences resulted from the application of the additional rule F.
These unhappy people must be taken good care of.
These unselfish trees share nutrients through a vast network of roots.
These vases must be used carefully.
These vases will probably sell for about thirty dollars each.
These vegetables cook slowly.
These vehicles are too expensive to run.
These verbs are all used frequently in English, and they can be used in a variety of ways.
These videos were filmed in Algeria.
These villages are old.
These vines are forty feet long.
These vines are very long.
These visitors preferably occupied the bodies of lizards, which explains the abhorrence in which these reptiles were held by the Maori, who, though they revered and prayed to their ancestors, were terribly afraid of meeting their pale ghosts, or transmigrated souls.
These vitamins are essential for the human body.
These vitamins help athletes boost their performance.
These walks home from school are almost the only time I have for dreaming... except the half-hour or so before I go to sleep.
These walls are about to collapse.
These walls aren't exactly soundproof.
These walls aren't soundproof.
These walls need to be painted.
These warm socks are made from alpaca fiber.
These wasps not only sting, they bite.
These watches are more expensive than the ones in that case.
These water balloons are biodegradable.
These waters are rich in nutrients.
These waves flow through space toward the receiver.
These weapons were designed for one purpose and one purpose only: to kill the largest number of people in the shortest amount of time. There is no use and no place for such weapons in Canada.
These websites are tracking everything you do, then selling information about it to the highest bidder.
These were Stalin's words to the Soviet partisans.
These were Ziri's tear stains.
These were expensive.
These were his last words. He closed his eyes, opened his mouth, stretched out his legs, and hung there, as if he were dead.
These were in my drawer.
These were indeed glad tidings of great joy.
These were missing!
These were missing.
These were people who fought for money.
These were the best years of my life.
These were victims of war, so to speak.
These weren't as expensive as I expected them to be.
These weren't as expensive as I expected.
These white clouds are reminiscent of a flock of sheep.
These white clouds remind me of a flock of sheep.
These wild animals are native to this region.
These wild asses are found only on the Tibetan plateau.
These wild flowers give off a nice smell.
These wild horses were reintroduced in the area.
These will be useful when the time comes.
These will be very useful.
These will bring us down.
These will do.
These windows are bulletproof.
These windows are dirty.
These windows are opened by him.
These windows aren't clean.
These windows look to the south.
These windows need to be washed.
These windshield chips are definitely repairable.
These windshield chips are probably less than a millimeter wide.
These windshield chips are repairable.
These windshields are made in the United States.
These windshields are super expensive.
These windshields last forever.
These wires are connected to the switch.
These wires are live.
These wise words are attributed to Kong Qiu: "To understand the future, one must analyse the past."
These women are my aunts.
These women are strong.
These women have embellished Kabyle culture.
These women wear hijab.
These women wear the hijab.
These women worked primarily in the textile manufacturing industry or as domestic workers.
These women you can see are my sisters.
These wooden spoons are great for domestic violence.
These woods are a nature reserve.
These woods are full of bandits.
These woods are full of magic.
These woods are haunted.
These woods are no stranger to strange and creepy stories.
These woods are seemingly home to every monster you could imagine.
These woods need to be protected.
These words are antonyms.
These words are derived from the same root.
These words are for learning.
These words are interchangeable.
These words are not synonyms.
These words are often overused in academic writing.
These words are sure to be the incoherent ramblings of a madman.
These words are synonyms.
These words aren't part of standard language, but are largely used and accepted.
These words aren't used in spoken language.
These words aren’t used in spoken language.
These words brought tears to her eyes.
These words came out of the book you have.
These words don't mean the same thing.
These words got me thinking.
These words mean different things, so don't mix them up.
These words only differ by one letter.
These words reached down into Inge's heart, and they seemed to do her good. It was the first time that any one said "Poor Inger," without adding anything about her misdeeds. A little innocent child was weeping and praying for her, and it made her feel quite odd: she would have liked to cry herself, but she could not shed a tear, and this was a further torment.
These words touched Pinocchio's heart.
These words were spoken by someone who shall be nameless.
These workers are among the most vulnerable to exploitation by their employers, and rarely enjoy benefits like sick leave, vacation packages, pensions or retirement.
These workmen are constructing a road.
These workmen, whom the government pays for, are dealing with death in coal mines.
These works in stone, ceramic, wood and metal range from highly abstracted, minimalist representations of temples and houses to elaborate architectural complexes populated with figures.
These works of the Ice King, both intact and partly ruined, have attracted the attention and study of a number of prominent geologists and glaciologists.
These writers are famous.
These yap sessions are starting to get on my nerve.
These yellow strawberry tree fruits are less sour.
These yellow trousers are very nice.
These young Americans in their 20s and 30s earn less money without a college degree, and are more likely to die young from suicide or drug overdoses than the generations that came before them, according to a new report.
These young college graduates have a hard time finding jobs.
These young girls are very beautiful.
These young people are conscripts.
These young people are talking loudly amongst themselves and have absolutely no regard for those around them.
These young people are the future of Algeria.
These young people will take Bangladesh forward.
These young'uns broke the law that forbids breaking the law.
These, horsed astride / a surge's crest, rock pendent o'er the deep; / to those the wave's huge hollow, yawning wide, / lays bare the ground below; dark swells the sandy tide.
These, stationed at the gates, with naked glaive, / shoulder to shoulder, guard the pass below. / Hearts leap afresh the royal halls to save, / and cheer our vanquished friends and reinspire the brave.
Theses! ... What I write are just my ramblings, they're just something like essays.
Theses! ... What I write are just my ramblings, they’re just something like essays.
Thessaloniki is five hundred kilometers from Athens.
Thessaloniki is the second most populous city in Greece.
They abandon their children.
They abandoned Tom on the island.
They abandoned Tom.
They abandoned her.
They abandoned him.
They abandoned it.
They abandoned the car in the snow.
They abandoned the fort to the Indians.
They abandoned the fort to the enemy.
They abandoned the hill to enemy forces.
They abandoned the plan.
They abandoned the ship.
They abandoned the sinking ship.
They abandoned their attempt.
They abandoned their child.
They abandoned their children in the forest.
They abandoned their country.
They abandoned their dog.
They abandoned their homeland.
They abandoned us in the most disgraceful manner.
They abandoned you.
They abhor progress.
They abhor violence.
They abolished slavery a long time ago.
They absolutely detest each other.
They absolutely hated Berber.
They abstain from alcohol.
They accelerated.
They accept other opinions.
They accept students like Tom.
They accept students like her.
They accept students like him.
They accept the gifts.
They accepted Islam.
They accepted each other.
They accepted her as the city's best doctor.
They accepted her as the city’s best doctor.
They accepted her into the club.
They accepted him as the city's best doctor.
They accepted him as the city’s best doctor.
They accepted him.
They accepted it.
They accepted my point of view.
They accepted our proposal.
They accepted that.
They accepted the gifts for Dad's sake.
They accepted the new government.
They accepted the offer.
They accepted the proposition.
They accepted those gifts.
They accidentally shot themselves.
They acclaimed her Queen.
They acclaimed him as their leader.
They acclaimed him emperor.
They acclaimed him their leader.
They accompanied Mina.
They accompanied Mom for shopping.
They accompanied Skura to Algiers.
They accompanied each other.
They accompanied the children to school.
They accompanied their parents.
They accompanied us.
They accompanied you in all situations.
They accompany the children to school.
They accompany them to At Khlifa.
They accomplish their desires.
They accomplished nothing.
They accomplished their goals.
They accomplished their homework.
They accomplished their mission.
They accomplished their task without any difficulty.
They accomplished what they were capable of.
They accorded a warm welcome to the traveler.
They accorded him many honors.
They accredit him with the secret charity.
They accumulated.
They accuse the government of marginalizing them politically and ignoring their demands.
They accused Johnson of being too soft.
They accused President Johnson of being too soft.
They accused each other.
They accused her of fixing the race.
They accused her of having stolen the bike.
They accused her of taking the money.
They accused him for no reason.
They accused him of being dishonest.
They accused him of being in the classroom in order to cause trouble.
They accused him of being part of the plot.
They accused him of fudging data.
They accused him of having stolen the bike.
They accused him of manslaughter.
They accused him of nepotism.
They accused him of promoting Nestorianism in his works.
They accused him of stealing the bicycle.
They accused him of telling a lie.
They accused him unfairly.
They accused me of being a liar.
They accused me of being a spy.
They accused me of having broken my promise.
They accused me of taking the money.
They accused the Mitylenaeans of seizing their boat, as if it had belonged to an enemy, and of plundering it of all its contents.
They accused the president of not caring about the common man.
They accused the teacher of being too strict with the children.
They accused us of being ungrateful.
They achieve great things together.
They achieved a lasting peace.
They achieved peace at last.
They achieved their goal.
They achieved what they set out to do.
They achieved what they thought was impossible.
They achieved what was within their power.
They acknowledge their Berber heritage to this day.
They acknowledged they were upset.
They act according to their will.
They act in bad faith.
They act like they're exhausted.
They act nice.
They acted according to my advice.
They acted as if they didn't care.
They acted as if they didn't know us.
They acted as if they hadn't heard me.
They acted immediately by agreement.
They acted in good faith.
They acted like clowns.
They acted like they hadn't eaten in days.
They acted like they knew everything.
They acted like they were afraid.
They acted like they were scared.
They acted like they weren't there.
They acted on the information.
They acted on their own.
They acted strangely.
They acted surprised.
They acted that way under the pressure of circumstances.
They acted together as if by compact.
They actively listen to each other's concerns.
They actually bought that Porsche.
They actually did it themselves.
They actually did that by themselves.
They actually did that themselves.
They actually did that to themselves.
They actually know how to make tacos.
They actually understand Berber.
They actually won.
They adapted quickly to the new environment.
They adapted quickly to their new surroundings.
They adapted quickly.
They adapted themselves to the change quickly.
They adapted to life abroad rather well.
They add articles to Wikipedia.
They add pictures to their album.
They added a woman to the committee.
They added black-eyed beans to the soup.
They added me on Facebook.
They added stools to the kitchen island for casual dining.
They added themselves.
They added to the enjoyment of my life.
They addressed both.
They addressed me as doctor.
They adhere to each other.
They adhere to the idea of predestination.
They adjourned the meetings.
They adjudged him guilty.
They administered him a polygraph examination.
They administered the anesthetic a few minutes ago but Tom hasn't gone under yet.
They admire each other.
They admire her deeply.
They admire your courage.
They admired each other.
They admired her Kabyle dress.
They admired her artwork.
They admired her dedication to her studies.
They admired the bird’s bright feathers.
They admired the blue mountains afar.
They admired the blue ocean.
They admired the cake's intricate lace design.
They admired the fine view from the hill.
They admired the fireworks on New Year's Eve.
They admired the intricate design on the cake.
They admired the landscape together.
They admired the lovely scenery.
They admired the new house.
They admired the scenic view from the hill.
They admit that they do that.
They admit that they often cry.
They admit that they often do that.
They admit that they were overwhelmed.
They admit that they weren't happy.
They admit that they weren't sure.
They admit that they're under pressure.
They admit that they've cried.
They admit that they've done that.
They admit that they've left early.
They admit they do that.
They admit they often cry.
They admit they often do that.
They admit they were overwhelmed.
They admit they weren't happy.
They admit they weren't sure.
They admit they're under pressure.
They admit they've cried.
They admit they've done that.
They admit they've left early.
They admitted everything.
They admitted her to the hospital.
They admitted it was their fault.
They admitted that it was their fault.
They admitted that they cried.
They admitted that they did that.
They admitted that they didn't cry.
They admitted that they didn't do that.
They admitted that they didn't win.
They admitted that they do that.
They admitted that they left early.
They admitted that they lied.
They admitted that they used drugs.
They admitted that they were afraid.
They admitted that they were baffled.
They admitted that they were biased.
They admitted that they were broke.
They admitted that they were cold.
They admitted that they were confused.
They admitted that they were curious.
They admitted that they were desperate.
They admitted that they were distressed.
They admitted that they were divorced.
They admitted that they were exhausted.
They admitted that they were famished.
They admitted that they were frightened.
They admitted that they were frustrated.
They admitted that they were homeless.
They admitted that they were homesick.
They admitted that they were hungry.
They admitted that they were illiterate.
They admitted that they were impressed.
They admitted that they were in trouble.
They admitted that they were intrigued.
They admitted that they were jealous.
They admitted that they were lazy.
They admitted that they were lonely.
They admitted that they were lost.
They admitted that they were married.
They admitted that they were nervous.
They admitted that they were overweight.
They admitted that they were prejudiced.
They admitted that they were scared.
They admitted that they were selfish.
They admitted that they were sick.
They admitted that they were skeptical.
They admitted that they were starved.
They admitted that they were suspicious.
They admitted that they were terrified.
They admitted that they were thieves.
They admitted that they were tired.
They admitted that they were troubled.
They admitted that they were uncertain.
They admitted that they were unemployed.
They admitted that they were very tired.
They admitted that they were weak.
They admitted that they were worried.
They admitted that they were wrong.
They admitted that they weren't brave.
They admitted that they weren't certain.
They admitted that they weren't perfect.
They admitted that they weren't ready.
They admitted that they weren't rich.
They admitted that they weren't sure.
They admitted that they'd been foolish.
They admitted that they'd been naughty.
They admitted that they'd been rude.
They admitted that they'd been unfair.
They admitted that they'd been wrong.
They admitted that they'd left early.
They admitted that they'd lied to me.
They admitted that they'd lied to us.
They admitted that they'd lied.
They admitted that they've done that.
They admitted their mistake.
They admitted their mistakes.
They admitted they agreed to do that.
They admitted they broke the windows.
They admitted they cried.
They admitted they did that.
They admitted they didn't cry.
They admitted they didn't do that.
They admitted they didn't win.
They admitted they do that.
They admitted they don't do that.
They admitted they forged the checks.
They admitted they had help doing that.
They admitted they had stolen the bike.
They admitted they hadn't been fair.
They admitted they hadn't been honest.
They admitted they hadn't been polite.
They admitted they knew the secret.
They admitted they left early.
They admitted they lied.
They admitted they stole the gold.
They admitted they stole the money.
They admitted they used drugs.
They admitted they wanted to do that.
They admitted they were afraid.
They admitted they were baffled.
They admitted they were biased.
They admitted they were broke.
They admitted they were cold.
They admitted they were confused.
They admitted they were curious.
They admitted they were desperate.
They admitted they were disappointed.
They admitted they were disorganized.
They admitted they were divorced.
They admitted they were exhausted.
They admitted they were famished.
They admitted they were frightened.
They admitted they were frustrated.
They admitted they were guilty.
They admitted they were heartbroken.
They admitted they were homeless.
They admitted they were homesick.
They admitted they were hungry.
They admitted they were illiterate.
They admitted they were impressed.
They admitted they were intrigued.
They admitted they were jealous.
They admitted they were lazy.
They admitted they were lonely.
They admitted they were lost.
They admitted they were married.
They admitted they were nervous.
They admitted they were overweight.
They admitted they were prejudiced.
They admitted they were scared.
They admitted they were selfish.
They admitted they were sick.
They admitted they were skeptical.
They admitted they were starved.
They admitted they were suspicious.
They admitted they were terrified.
They admitted they were thieves.
They admitted they were tired.
They admitted they were troubled.
They admitted they were uncertain.
They admitted they were undependable.
They admitted they were unemployed.
They admitted they were very tired.
They admitted they were weak.
They admitted they were worried.
They admitted they were wrong.
They admitted they weren't brave.
They admitted they weren't certain.
They admitted they weren't impartial.
They admitted they weren't perfect.
They admitted they weren't prepared.
They admitted they weren't ready.
They admitted they weren't really hurt.
They admitted they weren't really rich.
They admitted they weren't really sick.
They admitted they weren't rich.
They admitted they weren't sure.
They admitted they'd been careless.
They admitted they'd been defeated.
They admitted they'd been dishonest.
They admitted they'd been drinking.
They admitted they'd been foolish.
They admitted they'd been impolite.
They admitted they'd been mistaken.
They admitted they'd been naughty.
They admitted they'd been reckless.
They admitted they'd been rude.
They admitted they'd been unfair.
They admitted they'd been wrong.
They admitted they'd lied to me.
They admitted they'd lied.
They admitted they'd made a mistake.
They admitted they've done that.
They admitted to the murder.
They admitted what they did was wrong.
They admitted what they said was wrong.
They adopted Tom.
They adopted a big dog.
They adopted a friendly dog.
They adopted a kid.
They adopted a little girl.
They adopted a new method of teaching English in that school.
They adopted a new policy.
They adopted an Algerian boy whose name was Salas.
They adopted an orphan.
They adopted my point of view.
They adopted my viewpoint.
They adopted the little girl.
They adopted the orphan.
They adopted the proposal.
They adopted us.
They adore Tom.
They adore her.
They adore him.
They adore you.
They adorned the room with flowers.
They advanced on the enemy.
They advanced on the town.
They advanced rapidly and noiselessly, with the confidence and dexterity of practised scouts.
They advanced the wedding date.
They advanced to the quarter-finals.
They advanced to the river.
They advertised a house for sale.
They advertised a new car on TV.
They advertised a new product on TV.
They advertised that they had a house for sale.
They advise me to move away from the wrong path.
They advise people to separate out different types of waste, but then they throw it all into the same landfill.
They advise us to read their books.
They advised Tom that he should reset the password.
They advised Tom to reset the password.
They advised me to go to the police station.
They advised renovating the house.
They advised us to stay put for the time being.
They advocate complete abstinence.
They affirmed their innocence.
They agree on it beforehand.
They agree that they have no choice but to give up the whole plan.
They agree with Tom.
They agree with him.
They agree.
They agreed on a joint statement.
They agreed on a partnership.
They agreed on a price.
They agreed on a trade deal.
They agreed on an alliance.
They agreed on cease-fire terms.
They agreed on everything.
They agreed on mutual terms.
They agreed on peace.
They agreed that you should choose the track and establish the goal.
They agreed to come camping with me in Kabylie.
They agreed to come.
They agreed to do that diet.
They agreed to elect him as president.
They agreed to end that there.
They agreed to form a joint partnership.
They agreed to give us an interview.
They agreed to go to Yanni's home in Algiers to check on him.
They agreed to investigate the cause of the accident.
They agreed to investigate the cause of the incident.
They agreed to it unanimously.
They agreed to it.
They agreed to leave early.
They agreed to look into the causes of the accident.
They agreed to meet again in Baltimore, Maryland.
They agreed to meet again the next morning.
They agreed to meet me here.
They agreed to our conditions.
They agreed to postpone the wedding.
They agreed to postponing the wedding.
They agreed to raise wages and to stop hiring children.
They agreed to save themselves for marriage.
They agreed to sign the paperwork.
They agreed to start early.
They agreed to stop using the buses.
They agreed to work together on the project.
They agreed to work together.
They agreed with one accord.
They agreed, and were satisfied.
They agreed.
They aim for economic stability.
They aim to create lasting impact.
They aim to grow through adversity.
They aim to prevent men from relegating women to secondary roles.
They aim to stir unease in societies.
They aimed their guns at Tom.
They aimed their guns at her.
They aimed their guns at him.
They air nothing but soap operas on TV all through the afternoon.
They alerted the authorities.
They alerted the police.
They aligned themselves with the Liberals.
They all account Mr James an able businessman.
They all agreed that it was a huge creature, luminous, ghastly, and spectral.
They all agreed to a man that this statement was true.
They all agreed with this suggestion.
They all agreed.
They all answered "Yes" to a man.
They all answered.
They all appear to be healthy.
They all appeared satisfied with your answers.
They all applauded his success.
They all applauded.
They all are waiting in the parking lot.
They all arrived late.
They all arrived yesterday; they'll be leaving tomorrow or the day after.
They all asked why you were not there. I said you were gone.
They all ate marshmallows.
They all ate pork.
They all ate sausages.
They all ate the food.
They all ate until they could eat no more.
They all ate until they were full.
They all became experts in everything.
They all became fat from eating well.
They all began to chatter at once.
They all began to dance.
They all began to laugh.
They all believed in the curse.
They all believed me.
They all boosted the candidate.
They all burst out laughing.
They all called him Penguin, due to him being short and fat.
They all came by bike.
They all came to pick up their kids.
They all came together at that place.
They all came.
They all camped there.
They all can drive.
They all changed.
They all chatted in French, each one worse than the other.
They all cheated.
They all cheered.
They all chuckled.
They all claim to be the one he desires.
They all come here to buy food.
They all come to me!
They all congratulated Tom.
They all congratulated her.
They all congratulated him.
They all contradict each other.
They all cost the same.
They all cried out together.
They all deserve to die.
They all did brilliantly.
They all did great.
They all did it.
They all did well.
They all died in "car crashes."
They all died in combat.
They all died in the battle.
They all died when they were young.
They all died.
They all disappeared.
They all donated money.
They all drank.
They all drove off.
They all drowned.
They all entered.
They all envied my new car.
They all escaped.
They all expressed regret over her death.
They all fled.
They all flocked around the movie star.
They all gained weight due to good food.
They all gasped at the same time.
They all gasped.
They all gathered there.
They all gazed at the magician's movements.
They all gazed at the magician’s movements.
They all get lumped together as English texts. But in fact these books are extremely varied and wide-ranging.
They all giggled.
They all glanced in my direction, so I realized that the were talking about me.
They all got behind the candidate.
They all got in the car and left.
They all got into the car.
They all got into the taxi at once.
They all got laid off.
They all got off.
They all got out.
They all got plump from eating well.
They all got something; only Tom got nothing.
They all got their diabetes from their parents.
They all got up to leave.
They all grew up in the woods.
They all had a good time.
They all had one thing in common.
They all have arms, legs, and heads, and they walk and talk, but now there's SOMETHING that wants to make them different.
They all have arms, legs, and heads, they walk and talk, but now there’s SOMETHING that wants to make them different.
They all have birthdays on the same day.
They all have come.
They all have drinks.
They all have insurance.
They all have kids.
They all have one common goal.
They all have one thing in common.
They all have the same goal.
They all heard that.
They all helped out at the charity fundraiser.
They all hold jejune worldviews.
They all hugged.
They all inherited diabetes from their parents.
They all interpreted the presence of that owl as an ominous premonition.
They all joined in the chorus.
They all jumped into the pool.
They all just looked at Tom.
They all just looked at her.
They all just looked at him.
They all just looked at you.
They all killed themselves.
They all knew Tom.
They all knew her.
They all knew him.
They all knew that Ziri was married with kids.
They all knew you.
They all knew.
They all know I believe in God.
They all know I'm a Canadian.
They all know I'm a Muslim.
They all know that I'm a Canadian.
They all know the truth.
They all know this.
They all know.
They all laughed at Tom when he made a mistake.
They all laughed at Tom's error.
They all laughed at Tom's mistake.
They all laughed at her jokes.
They all laughed at his error.
They all laughed at his jokes.
They all laughed at me.
They all laughed at their error.
They all laughed when they saw what Tom was doing.
They all laughed.
They all left early.
They all left.
They all lied.
They all liked Yanni.
They all listened to the new song.
They all listened.
They all live in the area.
They all longed for the holiday.
They all longed for the holidays.
They all look a little surprised.
They all look alike to me.
They all look alike.
They all look exactly the same.
They all look like Mafiosi.
They all look ridiculous.
They all look the same to me.
They all look the same.
They all looked at Tom.
They all looked at each other.
They all looked at her.
They all looked at him.
They all looked at you.
They all looked busy.
They all looked for the lost child.
They all looked for the missing child.
They all looked happy.
They all looked relieved.
They all looked somewhat stunned.
They all looked up in surprise.
They all looked up to him as their leader.
They all looked up.
They all looked.
They all lost their balance and fell.
They all love me.
They all love to nobble on delicious food - mainly meat.
They all love to play outside.
They all loved Tom.
They all loved her.
They all loved him.
They all loved it.
They all made for the door.
They all made fun of me.
They all made mistakes.
They all meditate.
They all met there.
They all mourned for Tom.
They all moved to Algiers to start a new life of blitz and glamor.
They all mysteriously died in "car crashes."
They all need attention.
They all need to go.
They all needed help.
They all objected to his proposal.
They all ordered hamburgers and something to drink.
They all passed the exam.
They all passed the test.
They all perished in the battle.
They all piled into Yanni's car and left.
They all played yakyūken on school grounds.
They all posed for a picture.
They all raised their glasses.
They all ran away.
They all reacted.
They all really look up to me.
They all remembered Tom.
They all replied.
They all respect him.
They all responded immediately.
They all rose.
They all rushed back to the control room.
They all said yes to this proposal.
They all sang in chorus.
They all sang the chorus together.
They all sat.
They all saw that.
They all say that my English is bad, but I'll continue studying it in any case.
They all say that.
They all say they're innocent.
They all scoffed.
They all screamed.
They all searched for the lost child.
They all searched for the missing child.
They all see your opportunity.
They all should go with you.
They all sing together.
They all sipped their drinks at the same time.
They all slept in the attic.
They all smiled.
They all sought for the lost child.
They all speak Berber as their native language.
They all speak French.
They all spoke Berber.
They all spoke French.
They all stared at him with widened eyes.
They all started laughing at Tom.
They all started laughing at me.
They all started waving their flags.
They all stood for MRA.
They all stood still.
They all stood up at the same time.
They all stood up.
They all stood.
They all stopped and looked at Tom.
They all stopped and started to back away.
They all stopped and turned to see what was happening.
They all stopped.
They all supported me a lot.
They all surround me.
They all swim very fast.
They all talked.
They all termed it nonsense.
They all testified in defense of the accused.
They all thought Tom was crazy.
They all thought of her as a bright girl.
They all thought that Tom was crazy.
They all took part in the repressions.
They all took the test.
They all tried to talk at one time.
They all turned and glared at Tom.
They all turned and looked at Tom.
They all turned into rocks.
They all turned their backs on him.
They all turned to face Tom.
They all turned to face her.
They all turned to face him.
They all turned to look at Tom.
They all turned to look at her.
They all turned to look at him.
They all turned to look at them.
They all turned to stare at Tom.
They all understood your speech.
They all used the restroom.
They all voted for Tom.
They all walked.
They all want to be with me.
They all want to claim compensation.
They all want to know what happened.
They all want to talk about Tom's book.
They all wanted a taxi.
They all watched.
They all went back there.
They all went back.
They all went home.
They all went in.
They all went inside.
They all went out into the hall.
They all went out yesterday.
They all went quiet.
They all went their separate ways back home.
They all went to Kabylie.
They all went to bed.
They all went to the mosque together.
They all went to the party.
They all went to the restaurant.
They all were wrong.
They all wore Kabyle dresses.
They all yell.
They allotted the profits fairly.
They allotted to each player the benefits due him.
They allow parking here.
They allowed us to go into the house.
They allowed us to help them.
They almost always eat the same food.
They almost captured an alien.
They almost died.
They almost drowned.
They almost fell.
They almost forgot their money.
They almost forgot their umbrellas.
They almost gave the teacher a heart attack.
They almost gave up hope.
They almost got as far as the border before they were caught.
They almost got us.
They almost guessed it.
They almost killed me.
They almost killed themselves.
They almost laughed.
They almost look happy, don't they?
They almost lost their balance.
They almost lost their lives.
They almost missed me.
They almost missed the deadline.
They almost never speak French.
They almost never use their phones.
They almost spilled their coffee.
They alone were found there.
They already arrived? At what time?
They already asked me if I was Brazilian.
They already called off the strike.
They already did that.
They already got married.
They already have eaten.
They already have one.
They already have three cats, they don't need another one.
They already knew that, didn't they?
They already knew they were OK.
They already knew.
They already know it.
They already know the truth.
They already know what they have to do.
They already know what they should do.
They already know what they'll do.
They already know.
They already left.
They already regret what they did.
They already replaced the technicians.
They already talked to the principal.
They already told her.
They already told him.
They already told me.
They already took them from you.
They also built a sand castle.
They also captured another farmer and his son.
They also collected moon rocks and soil.
They also demanded equal pay for equal work.
They also found hundreds of white-tentacled anemones, but they could not collect specimens.
They also found you and your family, right?
They also had to attend summer school.
They also have a red apple.
They also have chicken.
They also have â€˜You can be serious without a suit’ as one of their key beliefs.
They also have ‘You can be serious without a suit’ as one of their key beliefs.
They also helped unite the country.
They also highlighted the significance of the Economic Cooperation Organization Summit held in the city of Khankendi, expressing appreciation for the UAE’s high-level participation in the event.
They also hope to use nano-structures to create materials that are lighter and stronger than ever before.
They also invited Snow White's godless stepmother.
They also learn from watching and imitating.
They also need help.
They also operate a syringe exchange.
They also promised religious freedom.
They also raised animals for meat and milk.
They also refused to buy British goods.
They also saw him.
They also saw it.
They also say such laws allow workers to enjoy the same benefits as unionized workers without having to pay union dues.
They also sold wood and wood products.
They also speak Berber.
They also speak Esperanto.
They also stay away from the snails during the mating season.
They also teach French at our school.
They also teach that, for great sins, they cannot receive forgiveness unless they confess to their leader.
They also theorized that the megalithic stones may have been transported 290 kilometers overland from the quarries in Wales to the prehistoric monument.
They also urged people to reduce contact with wild animals and avoid hunting, skinning or eating animals that could cause infection.
They also use onion skins, apple, grape and mulberry leaves to create different shades of yellow.
They also wanted freedom of religion because of the heavy oppression of the Catholic Church. Over time these social pressures caused a revolution in France.
They also worked at a restaurant in the evening.
They altered their plan.
They altered their plans.
They altered what was required.
They always add sugar to coffee.
They always answer their phones.
They always associated a heavy rain with flood.
They always behave themselves well.
They always biked.
They always bore arms with them.
They always bring something new.
They always bunk off school.
They always carry books with them.
They always celebrate holidays together.
They always choose this café.
They always complain about their jobs.
They always complain about their superiors.
They always complain, don't they?
They always complain.
They always cry.
They always did their best to help me.
They always did what Hamilton told them to do.
They always do that by themselves.
They always do that.
They always do their best.
They always drew Dragon Ball characters.
They always drink alone.
They always drink their coffee black.
They always drink their coffee strong.
They always eat dinner together.
They always escape from school.
They always expect me to help them.
They always expected the best from those kids.
They always extend kindness to their neighbors.
They always fight among themselves.
They always fight over little things.
They always fight.
They always find a way to turn small issues into big problems.
They always find fault with others.
They always gatecrash events they're not invited to.
They always get everything they want.
They always get their own way.
They always get what they want.
They always give their attention to environmental problems.
They always go fishing by themselves.
They always go home by themselves.
They always go skiing in the winter.
They always go skiing in winter.
They always go swimming at weekends.
They always go to the library on Thursday.
They always goof around.
They always got everything they wanted.
They always got what they wanted.
They always had an excuse.
They always had each other's backs for better and for worse.
They always had smiles on their faces.
They always hated Dad and Mom's fight.
They always have it out with each other at this time of night.
They always have smiles on their faces.
They always have something to say when people start talking about politics.
They always have to have their own way.
They always head there.
They always interrupt us.
They always jogged.
They always keep their appointments.
They always keep their dog chained up.
They always keep their dogs chained up.
They always keep their room neat.
They always keep their rooms neat.
They always kept their mouths shut.
They always kept up an uncaring facade.
They always leave their bikes dirty.
They always lie to me.
They always listened closely, but we never listened.
They always made us do that.
They always make exactly the same mistakes.
They always make the same mistakes.
They always make the very same mistakes.
They always make us do that.
They always manage to adapt.
They always mock others.
They always open the doors of their houses for us.
They always pay their rent on time.
They always pick her side.
They always play soccer after school.
They always played tennis here.
They always put us through the wringer, don't they?
They always remember him.
They always said they could do that.
They always said they were lucky.
They always say that.
They always say they'll be on time, but they're always late.
They always seem to be by themselves.
They always seem to get their own way.
They always shout when they are angry.
They always shout when they're angry.
They always show their love for America.
They always sit up late doing their homework.
They always skip school.
They always speak their minds.
They always spent weekends with Mom.
They always spoke the truth.
They always talk about the same things.
They always talk about themselves.
They always talk smack about me behind my back.
They always think before speaking.
They always think before they speak.
They always try their best.
They always try to help other people.
They always wake up early, even on Sundays.
They always want me to help them.
They always wanted to go to Texas.
They always wear black clothes.
They always wear their seatbelt.
They always wished they had more money.
They always yell at their children.
They always yell when they're angry.
They ambled down the street without a care.
They ambushed him on the road.
They ambushed him.
They ambushed me.
They ambushed the enemy.
They ambushed us.
They amended the document.
They amplified their argument by new facts.
They amputated Tom's right leg.
They amused themselves by playing a video game.
They amused themselves in chasing and catching noisy locusts and chattering grasshoppers, in gathering posies, and in shaking fruit from the trees, and eating it.
They analyze their progress.
They analyzed all of the recordings patiently.
They analyzed the colors.
They analyzed the results.
They analyzed the symbolism in the book.
They and every beast according to its kind, and all the cattle in their kind, and every thing that moves upon the earth according to its kind, and every fowl according to its kind, all birds, and all that fly, went in to Noah into the ark, two and two of all flesh, wherein was the breath of life.
They and every beast according to its kind, and all the cattle in their kind, and every thing that moveth upon the earth, according to its kind, and every fowl according to its kind, all birds, and all that fly, went in to Noe into the ark, two and two of all flesh, wherein was the breath of life.
They and their friend are both non-binary.
They and their friends are outside.
They anger us with their behavior.
They angered me.
They annotated their textbooks with colored pens.
They announced an increase in tuition fees.
They announced our category.
They announced that Ramadan starts tomorrow.
They announced that a storm was coming.
They announced that they were getting a divorce.
They announced that they were going to have a party.
They announced that they were planning to live in Australia.
They announced that they were planning to live in Boston.
They announced the date of their wedding in the newspaper.
They announced the engagement of their daughter.
They announced the next stop.
They announced the results as of May 1.
They announced their decision Monday.
They announced their decisions Monday.
They announced their engagement to the family.
They announced their plan to leave.
They announced they were planning to live in Australia.
They announced they were retiring.
They annoy us with their parties.
They annoyed Mina.
They answer us whenever we ask them questions.
They answered each other.
They answered him, "May the Lord bless you."
They answered his letter.
They answered in chorus.
They answered me: “Why would a hat be scary?"
They answered my questions with difficulty.
They answered nothing.
They answered the call.
They answered their phones.
They answered their teacher's question with difficulty.
They answered their teacher’s question with difficulty.
They answered without hesitation.
They answered.
They answered: "What’s scary about a hat?"
They answered: A man of Egypt delivered us from the hands of the shepherds: and he drew water also with us, and gave the sheep to drink.
They answered: Should they abuse our sister as a strumpet?
They answered: The Hebrew women are not as the Egyptian women: for they themselves are skilful in the office of a midwife; and they are delivered before we come to them.
They answered: We cannot, till all the cattle be gathered together, and we remove the stone from the well's mouth, that we may water the flocks.
They answered: We have dreamed a dream, and there is nobody to interpret it to us. And Joseph said to them: Doth not interpretation belong to God? Tell me what you have dreamed:
They apologize for the paltry offering and hope you'll accept $50,000.
They apologized for the inconvenience.
They apologized for their actions.
They apologized for their behavior.
They apologized for their mistake.
They apologized for what they did.
They apologized for what they said.
They apologized many times.
They apologized to the waitress.
They apologized to their teammates.
They apparently did that by themselves.
They apparently got on the wrong train.
They apparently have the same accent as the Tuaregs, with the same emphatic intonations (warm voices). Igwanciyen, the Guanches, the only Berbers not to have been Islamized. To meditate...
They apparently lost their passports.
They appealed the court's decision.
They appealed the court’s decision.
They appealed to us for help.
They appear at night.
They appear dead.
They appear on TV.
They appear to be enjoying themselves.
They appear to be following us.
They appear to be having fun.
They appear to have hanged themselves.
They appear to know me, but I don't know them.
They appear to know the fact.
They appeared to be having fun.
They appeared unarmed.
They applauded me.
They applauded.
They applied for a license to reintroduce wildcats in this area of Algeria.
They applied for asylum at the Algerian border.
They applied for child support.
They applied for that job.
They applied to law school.
They appointed Jim manager.
They appointed Miss Smith chairperson.
They appointed Mr White as manager.
They appointed Mr. White as manager.
They appointed Tom administrative director.
They appointed Tom chairman.
They appointed Tom chairperson.
They appointed a judge.
They appointed her to do the task.
They appointed him as a director.
They appointed him chairman.
They appointed him manager.
They appointed watchmen, nurses and inspectors and the authorities did well, he says, in keeping markets open for bread, cheese, butter and fruit at normal prices — so that Londoners were said to have over-eaten during the Plague Year.
They appreciate each other.
They appreciate my effort.
They appreciate the little things.
They appreciated her kindness towards others.
They appreciated our efforts.
They approach life with a grace that cannot be taught.
They approach the front desk.
They approach the world with dignity and grace.
They approached Mina.
They approached each other.
They approached one another.
They approached the abandoned town cautiously.
They approached the outlaw’s camp.
They approached the outlaw’s hideout.
They approached the rocks.
They approached the tourists and asked them for money.
They approached us.
They appropriated the victory.
They approve.
They approved.
They are 173 items of jewelry reported to be among the world's most exquisite and expensive royal collections. They belonged to a fabulously wealthy dynasty that had ruled over parts of Southern India's Deccan Plateau for seven generations, from 1724 to 1948.
They are Argentine citizens.
They are Berber speakers.
They are Cabo Verdean.
They are Canadian.
They are Chaouis.
They are Christians.
They are Colombians, aren't they?
They are Finnish.
They are Finns.
They are French teachers.
They are French.
They are Genoese boys.
They are Hungarian.
They are Hungary-born.
They are Japanese sumo wrestlers.
They are Kabyle.
They are Koreans.
They are March flowers.
They are Moroccans.
They are Muslim now.
They are OK now.
They are OK.
They are Picards.
They are Russian.
They are Sierra Leonean.
They are Sri Lankan, aren't they?
They are Syrians.
They are Third World people and they're trying to turn our country into a Third World country.
They are Tunisians.
They are a bothersome person.
They are a bunch of indoctrinated morons.
They are a bunch of inept and aggressive cretins..
They are a cancer on society.
They are a good airline to fly with.
They are a good couple.
They are a loud minority.
They are a match made in heaven. They enjoy doing things together and cannot stand being away from each other for even a single day.
They are a nice couple; they are always in sympathy with each other.
They are a party of six.
They are a peace-loving people.
They are a perfect couple.
They are a perfect match for each other.
They are a person I can't be bothered with.
They are a person I don't want to deal with.
They are a poet and a statesman.
They are a poor family.
They are a popular artist.
They are a programmer.
They are a romantic dinner in Algiers.
They are a tightly-knit group.
They are a vocal minority.
They are able to do it if they wish.
They are able to hurt them.
They are able to kill us.
They are able to murder me.
They are able to retire while fairly young and enjoy the lifestyle of their choice in good health.
They are able to speak Spanish a little.
They are about the same age.
They are about to go.
They are about to have a child.
They are about to start.
They are about to try it again.
They are about your age.
They are abundant in markets like these.
They are abusing their power.
They are abusing their powers.
They are accustomed to hard work.
They are actors.
They are actually fluent in Berber.
They are adamant.
They are addicted to alcohol.
They are adding insult to injury.
They are adopted.
They are adorable kids.
They are advertising for a cook.
They are afflicted with a cardiac illness.
They are afflicted with paralysis.
They are afraid of an escalator.
They are afraid of being alone.
They are afraid of death if it were to take them.
They are afraid of death.
They are afraid of dogs.
They are afraid of publicity.
They are afraid of snakes.
They are afraid of the gods.
They are afraid of the teacher.
They are afraid of the truth.
They are afraid of walking alone at night.
They are afraid that nuclear war will break out.
They are afraid to fly.
They are afraid to say it publicly.
They are afraid to say it.
They are afraid.
They are after happiness.
They are against nuclear power.
They are aging.
They are agog to know what happened.
They are agricultural tools.
They are alcoholics.
They are alert to the dangers of food poisoning.
They are all actors.
They are all alike to me.
They are all alike.
They are all artless children.
They are all away on holiday this week.
They are all busy.
They are all cannibals here except me, and they're just about to eat me.
They are all cannibals here, except me, I'm just being eaten.
They are all cannibals here, except me, I’m just being eaten.
They are all cannibals here, except me, and they're eating me now.
They are all cannibals here, except me, and they're eating me right now.
They are all college students.
They are all dead.
They are all ears.
They are all for you.
They are all gone.
They are all good men at heart.
They are all good teachers.
They are all happy.
They are all here.
They are all hungry.
They are all idiots.
They are all in a hurry to catch a train.
They are all in arms.
They are all in the same boat.
They are all innocent children.
They are all irritable.
They are all looking for them.
They are all monsters.
They are all my age.
They are all my personal belongings.
They are all of a price.
They are all of a size.
They are all of an age.
They are all of my friends.
They are all people who are in trouble about something, and want a little enlightening. I listen to their story, they listen to my comments, and then I pocket my fee.
They are all safe in Algeria.
They are all separate.
They are all so much alike that I can't tell which is which.
They are all so much alike that I can’t tell which is which.
They are all special.
They are all students.
They are all talk.
They are all talking at the same time in Arabic.
They are all the couscous.
They are all the same!
They are all the same.
They are all there.
They are all thieves and liars.
They are all very busy.
They are all very happy.
They are all very hungry.
They are all wearing uniforms.
They are all working now.
They are all wrinkled.
They are all yours.
They are alleged to have used embezzled public money to bankroll at-times lavish lifestyles in France.
They are allies now.
They are almost human.
They are almost ready to harvest.
They are almost within reach.
They are alone.
They are already able to listen to the album.
They are already awake.
They are already passing through the village.
They are already waiting in the living room.
They are also happen about the right to pick their own hours to work.
They are also rejoicing.
They are also too good.
They are always angry with them.
They are always arguing about money.
They are always at each other's throats.
They are always at each other’s throats.
They are always believing a groundless rumor.
They are always coming up with ideas.
They are always complaining.
They are always enemies.
They are always grumbling.
They are always hard up for food.
They are always like that.
They are always mocking and ridiculing others.
They are always quarreling.
They are always quarrelling in public.
They are always right.
They are always scorned.
They are always short of money.
They are always together.
They are always very unfair to me.
They are always willing.
They are amateurs.
They are amid the city noises.
They are among us!
They are amused at the sight of chimpanzees.
They are an Algerian family of four.
They are an army of rabble.
They are an atheist.
They are angry at your ill manners.
They are angry.
They are anti-Algerian.
They are anticipating trouble when the construction starts.
They are anxious for your help.
They are anxious.
They are apocryphal writings.
They are appealing for money to help refugees.
They are apprehensive that some further disaster might occur.
They are approaching.
They are arguably among the most recognizable figures in American pop culture, and by their daring exploits, capture the imaginations of fans around the world.
They are arguing about their share of the property.
They are arguing.
They are arriving here soon from Hong Kong.
They are arrogant.
They are artists.
They are as different as day and night.
They are as good as gold.
They are as poor as can be.
They are as poor as church mice.
They are as quick as a leopard.
They are as sharp as needles.
They are as smart as anyone else in their class.
They are as strong as us.
They are as tall as Tom.
They are asking whether I can fix a bicycle puncture? That should be no problem at all.
They are asleep.
They are at 229 Broadway Avenue.
They are at home, their lights are on.
They are at law school.
They are at lunch.
They are at my home.
They are at school at the moment.
They are at school.
They are at the museum.
They are at the pub.
They are at the sea.
They are at war with the country.
They are at work.
They are attached to one another.
They are available in different flavors.
They are available.
They are awake.
They are aware of the difficulties.
They are aware the world is tough.
They are away.
They are awesome.
They are babbling.
They are bad people.
They are bakers.
They are baseball players.
They are beautiful and clever.
They are beautiful.
They are begging Linda.
They are beginners, but they learn fast.
They are beginning their homework.
They are behind you.
They are being eliminated.
They are being held by the police.
They are being oppressed.
They are being unreasonable.
They are better educated, healthier and wealthier than their parents' generation was at their age.
They are better educated, healthier and wealthier than their parents’ generation was at their age.
They are betting this thuggish regime will survive.
They are big.
They are binding the gravel with cement to repair the road.
They are bioterrorists.
They are bitter enemies.
They are blind.
They are boiling water for tea.
They are bored to death.
They are bored.
They are boring a hole.
They are boring me!
They are boring the ground for oil.
They are born artists.
They are both awful.
They are both chatting in the living room.
They are both colleagues of mine.
They are both from Algeria.
They are both from Australia.
They are both good pupils.
They are both good students.
They are both good teachers.
They are both good.
They are both in the room.
They are both learning Berber.
They are both librarians.
They are both my coworkers.
They are both of one species.
They are both school children.
They are both single.
They are both so lovely!
They are both talented.
They are both unmarried.
They are both very competent judges.
They are both very excited.
They are both very good chess players.
They are both very intelligent.
They are both well-known columnists, but they work at rival newspapers.
They are both working at the pet store.
They are bound together by common interests.
They are breaking down the wall.
They are breaking the law.
They are bright red!
They are broad.
They are brothers but greed separated them.
They are brothers, but they don't look alike.
They are brothers.
They are building a house.
They are building a long bridge across the channel.
They are building a stone bridge.
They are building an apartment building next door, which will ruin our view.
They are busy.
They are buying vegetables in the supermarket.
They are called Pterosaurs.
They are called alkalic lavas, and they're noted for their incredible flow velocity because their viscosity is extremely low.
They are calling for an end to impunity and for perpetrators of these crimes to be brought to justice.
They are calling on authorities to adopt relevant regulations and disseminate previously released recommendations for people working in close contact with or handling wildlife, including hunters, butchers and the public.
They are capable of anything.
They are carried by the Furies through Tartarus.
They are carrying out the orders without objection.
They are carrying out the orders without protest.
They are champing to start at once.
They are chewing.
They are chiseling a statue out of marble.
They are class presidents.
They are clearly against us.
They are close friends.
They are cold-resistant.
They are collaborators.
They are collecting contributions for the church.
They are collecting information by casual methods.
They are collecting tissue samples from critically endangered animals.
They are college football players now.
They are comic book artists.
They are comic book villains.
They are comic book writers.
They are coming at once.
They are coming back from vacation.
They are coming home from school early.
They are coming out.
They are coming soon.
They are coming, get ready!
They are coming.
They are complaining that there are "too many" Muslims in this town.
They are complete and utter hypocrites.
They are completely lacking in compassion.
They are completely reliant on public transport.
They are concerned about Tom.
They are concerned with the project also.
They are concerned.
They are confident of themselves.
They are confused, aren't they?
They are confused, aren’t they?
They are considered the aristocracy in our town.
They are considered the greatest rock band in history.
They are constantly in conflict with each other.
They are constantly on the move.
They are constantly trying to outdo each other.
They are constrained by diplomatic protocol.
They are contending for the prize.
They are content with things as they are.
They are continuing their work.
They are continuing to call.
They are controlling transmission.
They are conventional in their judgement.
They are conversing in Berber.
They are convinced of it.
They are cooking broccoli.
They are cooking now.
They are cooking something.
They are cooking.
They are corrupt.
They are counterfeit.
They are courageous people.
They are cousins by blood.
They are cousins, if I remember rightly.
They are cousins.
They are crazy about jazz.
They are crazy.
They are creative.
They are crunchy, and they're high in protein, vitamins and minerals, but for some people, none of that will be enough to overcome the idea of eating insects.
They are crying because they know that their countryfolk are embracing a foreign religion.
They are crying down Tom's new theory.
They are crying down Tom’s new theory.
They are crying to the government to find employment for them.
They are currently attending a meeting.
They are cursing at each other.
They are cutting loose.
They are dancers.
They are dancing, intoxicated with the beauty of cherry blossoms.
They are dancing.
They are dating.
They are dead and buried.
They are dead to me.
They are dead.
They are debating a nonexistent issue.
They are debating whether to close the school.
They are decked out in their Sunday clothes.
They are deeply in love.
They are defenders.
They are defending a criminal, racist and colonialist regime.
They are deliberating what to do next.
They are demanding shorter working hours.
They are demonizing Algeria.
They are depressed.
They are depriving you of what is rightfully yours.
They are depriving you of what rightfully belongs to you.
They are desperate.
They are despised in our area.
They are destroying nature.
They are destroying the garden.
They are determined to do everything they can to stop Islam from growing.
They are different in degree but not in kind.
They are digging a hole.
They are disappointed in their son.
They are disappointed with each other.
They are disappointed.
They are discontented despite all their riches.
They are discriminated against.
They are discussing the matter at present.
They are discussing the problem.
They are discussing the state budget.
They are distressed.
They are disturbed.
They are doctors and authors.
They are doctors.
They are doing fine.
They are doing well at school.
They are dreaming.
They are drilling in our house.
They are drinking water.
They are drinking.
They are driving.
They are drowning.
They are drunk.
They are dying out.
They are eager for peace.
They are eager for war.
They are eager to win the next game.
They are earnest about their children's education.
They are earnest about their children’s education.
They are easily taken in by flattery.
They are easy to distinguish from each other.
They are easy to get on-board with flattery.
They are eating a pizza with blue sausage and blue sauce.
They are eating a sandwich.
They are eating and drinking while chatting.
They are eating bread.
They are eating couscous.
They are eating ice cream.
They are eating just now.
They are eating rice.
They are eating sandwiches.
They are eating the pets.
They are eating their apples.
They are eating tomatoes.
They are eating your good cherries.
They are en route to us.
They are engaged in cancer research.
They are engaged in playing chess.
They are engaged, bound to each other for eternity.
They are enjoying a healthy life in the country.
They are enjoying themselves on the beach.
They are enjoying themselves.
They are enraged.
They are entering into the elevator.
They are entering the lift.
They are entirely contrasting opinions.
They are entirely unrelated.
They are entitled to try once again.
They are envious of her beauty.
They are equally matched in their knowledge of English.
They are equally matched in their knowledge of French.
They are eternal enemies.
They are everywhere.
They are examining him from top to bottom.
They are excellent.
They are exercising.
They are exhausted overall.
They are exhausted, aren't they?
They are exhausted.
They are expected any minute now.
They are expecting a baby.
They are experienced announcers.
They are experienced.
They are experimenting on our kids.
They are explaining.
They are extraordinary.
They are extremely competent.
They are extremely popular among teenagers.
They are extremely unpleasant.
They are extremists.
They are faced with a multitude of stresses.
They are faced with a serious situation.
They are facing financial problems.
They are fairy tales for children.
They are fake spears.
They are fake.
They are fakes.
They are familiar for me.
They are familiar with my father.
They are famous.
They are fanatical in their beliefs.
They are far from happy.
They are fascinated by blood and violence.
They are fascinated by life's mysteries.
They are faster than us.
They are faster than we are.
They are fat.
They are fathers.
They are fearless.
They are feeling it.
They are feeling lost.
They are felling trees in the forest.
They are fencing off the property.
They are fighting.
They are filibustering to prevent the bill from passing.
They are filled with old wine and rich venison.
They are film buffs.
They are filming.
They are filthy rich.
They are fine.
They are finished.
They are five in all.
They are fixing computers.
They are fixing the stove.
They are flooding their border with us with military presence.
They are fluent in Berber.
They are flying their national flag.
They are flying.
They are fond of each other.
They are fond of fruit.
They are foolish.
They are football players.
They are footballers.
They are forced to beg in the street.
They are forged.
They are found in many kinds of exfoliants. In skin and beauty products, the microbeads help to remove dead skin cells and make skin smoother.
They are frantically backpedaling.
They are free from care and anxiety.
They are free from care.
They are free women.
They are frenetically backpedaling.
They are friends.
They are from Finland.
They are from Italy.
They are from Rima's school.
They are from Russia.
They are from here.
They are from the United States.
They are from two different villages of Kabylie.
They are fulfilling the commandment to host guests.
They are fulfilling the commandment to take in guests.
They are fulfilling the mitzva of taking in guests.
They are funny.
They are gathering nuts.
They are gays.
They are generally located in Switzerland, France, and in Belgium, as well.
They are generally tired.
They are generally very shy, cautious animals.
They are generous with their money.
They are getting fatter.
They are getting on the bus at the corner.
They are glad as well.
They are glad to have Tom there.
They are going fishing.
They are going forwards and I am always going backwards.
They are going off by plane tomorrow.
They are going on a bar crawl.
They are going out.
They are going shopping.
They are going straight to hell.
They are going to At Alay.
They are going to Australia to build stores.
They are going to Bulgaria on vacation.
They are going to Nîmes tomorrow.
They are going to Spain in June, and then they are going away again.
They are going to arrest Tom.
They are going to be late for school.
They are going to be punished.
They are going to be studying all day.
They are going to be your teachers.
They are going to bring out "Romeo and Juliet" this coming fall.
They are going to construct livestock farms in Cyprus.
They are going to cook for you.
They are going to cut the service off because of our overdue payment.
They are going to emigrate to America.
They are going to emigrate to the United States.
They are going to exhibit many famous old paintings at the gallery.
They are going to get divorced.
They are going to get married in the town hall.
They are going to get married tomorrow.
They are going to give a party the day after tomorrow.
They are going to go there.
They are going to have a wedding.
They are going to impose boundaries on her.
They are going to impose boundaries on him.
They are going to investigate the affair.
They are going to kill us all!
They are going to kill us all.
They are going to launch an artificial satellite tomorrow.
They are going to look after him.
They are going to meet at the hotel tomorrow.
They are going to perform "Romeo and Juliet" next week.
They are going to play baseball after school.
They are going to put the bad law in force.
They are going to send up a rocket.
They are going to sign him.
They are going to sleep well tonight.
They are going to sleep.
They are going to stay here for several days.
They are going to stay in my home.
They are going to take a nap.
They are going to take your advice.
They are going to televise the event.
They are going to throw a party for Sam.
They are going to wash their hands.
They are going well!
They are going with her.
They are going.
They are gone, may they never come back!
They are gone.
They are good at computing.
They are good football players.
They are good friends of his.
They are good friends of mine.
They are good friends of theirs.
They are good friends of yours.
They are good friends.
They are good men, and worthy of their liberty.
They are good people.
They are good.
They are gorgeous.
They are gorillas.
They are gray.
They are great friends.
They are great masterpieces of European art.
They are great works of European art.
They are grounded.
They are growing their money.
They are hand in glove.
They are handsome.
They are happily married.
They are happy about the result.
They are happy as they are.
They are happy to be hungry. God willing, they won't leave.
They are happy too.
They are happy with all contributions.
They are happy with the result.
They are happy with your plan and for you to proceed with writing your material.
They are happy, because they see the birds in the tree near the window.
They are happy.
They are harassing me.
They are harassing us.
They are hard to please.
They are hardly likely to come at this late hour.
They are hated in our place.
They are hated.
They are having a chat.
They are having a conversation in Berber.
They are having a party tomorrow.
They are having a rat infestation in their mansion.
They are having a really good time.
They are having breakfast at eight this week.
They are having breakfast now.
They are having difficult time.
They are having difficulties and they have asked for our help.
They are having difficulties to meet their basic needs.
They are having dinner.
They are having lunch in the garden.
They are having tea in the living room.
They are heading to Ifnayen.
They are heading towards the border with Turkey.
They are healthy.
They are heartbroken.
They are helping each other.
They are helping him to solve it, but, all the same, it is a hard problem.
They are here for a computer.
They are here for bank robbery.
They are here to stay.
They are here.
They are hiding something.
They are hiding underground.
They are hiding.
They are high school students.
They are highly complementary.
They are hiking.
They are his father's brothers.
They are his maternal uncles.
They are his mother's brothers.
They are his paternal uncles.
They are his uncles from his mother's side.
They are his uncles.
They are holding a singing there this weekend.
They are holding bread in their hand.
They are holding it.
They are holding the phone in their hand.
They are homosexual.
They are hoping for the best outcome.
They are horrified.
They are hosting a party.
They are hugging and kissing.
They are human.
They are hungry this morning.
They are hungry.
They are hungry. Linda throws bread crumbs.
They are hurrying to return home.
They are hurt.
They are idle as usual.
They are ignorant of respite.
They are ignorant of the rules.
They are ignoring me.
They are ignoring you.
They are ill.
They are immune to attack.
They are impatient for their lunch.
They are impatient.
They are important matters.
They are in Algeria.
They are in Berlin.
They are in Greek; they cannot be read.
They are in a bad mood.
They are in a hurry to catch the train.
They are in a hurry.
They are in a library.
They are in a rush, I wonder where they are going?
They are in a scientific laboratory.
They are in class.
They are in comfortable circumstance.
They are in custody.
They are in danger of extinction.
They are in danger.
They are in embarrassment.
They are in favor of the plan.
They are in favor of the proposition.
They are in favor of the reform of the tax laws.
They are in favor of your plan.
They are in for trouble.
They are in good condition.
They are in grave danger.
They are in great condition.
They are in love.
They are in need of volunteers.
They are in prison.
They are in the car.
They are in the centre.
They are in the classroom.
They are in the final part of the race.
They are in the hands of the gods.
They are in the hospital.
They are in the kitchen.
They are in the know.
They are in the library.
They are in the other room.
They are in the pocket of big corporations.
They are in the same camp.
They are in the same class.
They are in the teachers' room.
They are in the teachers’ room.
They are in the way.
They are in their seats at the table.
They are in town.
They are in trouble.
They are in trouble. Can you help them?
They are in very bad health.
They are in.
They are indifferent to politics.
They are indifferent.
They are infected.
They are injured.
They are inquiring into the matter.
They are inseparable.
They are insufferable.
They are intelligent, educated people.
They are intent on destroying and eliminating the natives.
They are interested in abstract reasoning.
They are interested in us.
They are interested in your Berber poetry.
They are interested only in their little language.
They are interested.
They are intimidating.
They are investigating the mystery of the universe thoroughly.
They are investing a lot.
They are investing their money.
They are irreconcilable foes.
They are jealous of one another.
They are jealous of our success.
They are jealous of us.
They are jealous.
They are joined by other volunteers, carrying binoculars and bird books. Birding is the second most popular hobby in the United States.
They are joking at my expense.
They are joking.
They are just a bunch of tightwads.
They are just a washed-up football players.
They are just doing what they're told to do.
They are just fighting with their own religion.
They are just going to the store over there.
They are just jealous of us.
They are just waiting for the storm to pass.
They are keen for their sons to live together.
They are keen on outdoor sports.
They are keeping an eye on us.
They are keeping us company.
They are killing me.
They are kind to old people.
They are known to scientists as Brood X (Roman numeral 10) periodic cicadas.
They are labelled slow learners.
They are large-bodied.
They are late again.
They are late.
They are laughing at me.
They are laughing at us.
They are laughing with you.
They are laughing.
They are laymen.
They are lazy.
They are lazy. I can't understand such people.
They are lazy. I can’t understand such people.
They are leading a loose life.
They are learning Berber.
They are leaving Cairo today heading for Tel Aviv.
They are leaving Cairo today, heading for Tel Aviv.
They are leaving Japan tomorrow.
They are leaving for London.
They are leaving for Tokyo tomorrow.
They are leaving in three days, that is to say June 10th.
They are leaving.
They are letting us make the speech in English.
They are liars.
They are like a state within a state.
They are like father and son.
They are like flies around a honeypot.
They are like the water and the fire.
They are likely to agree to our plan.
They are likely to get seasick.
They are listening in.
They are listening to a concert.
They are listening to the radio.
They are listening.
They are living harmoniously.
They are living in another house.
They are living in misery.
They are living it up in Honolulu.
They are living on charity.
They are loading coal into a ship now.
They are loading oil into the ship.
They are longing for city life.
They are looking at only the sunny side of the American economy.
They are looking at the animals.
They are looking at the beautiful flowers.
They are looking at themselves in the mirror.
They are looking for Tom.
They are looking for a house to live in.
They are looking for a job as bakers.
They are looking for a job.
They are looking for a native Hungarian speaker.
They are looking for a runaway slave.
They are looking for an apartment.
They are looking for chairs to sit on.
They are looking for me.
They are looking for trouble.
They are looking into the problem.
They are looking to you for help.
They are looking up the meaning of the word in the dictionary.
They are losing blood.
They are losing.
They are lost in situations.
They are lost.
They are lovers of cinema.
They are loyal to their master.
They are lucky to have each other.
They are lucky.
They are lying!
They are made in a variety of sizes.
They are made out of palm trees.
They are mainly Muslims.
They are making a fool of us, but we fail to see it.
They are making a salad.
They are making dolls.
They are making every effort for the promotion of world peace.
They are making for the forest.
They are making good use of the heat from the sun.
They are making preparations for the trip.
They are making spare parts in a car factory.
They are making tea.
They are maneuvering behind the scene.
They are manipulating the situation to win.
They are manipulative.
They are manufactured in various sizes.
They are manufacturing TV sets in this factory.
They are married and happy.
They are married but live separately.
They are masterpieces of European art.
They are matters which we need to discuss.
They are mean people.
They are melons.
They are memorials.
They are men who cause trouble.
They are men who would live off of selling their own shadows.
They are men.
They are mere creatures of habit.
They are merely different.
They are merely to restate the fact that the vocabulary and the grammar of a particular language are interdependent as naturally and necessarily compatible aspects of one and the same phenomenon.
They are mighty.
They are mine!
They are misbehaving.
They are mocking me.
They are more active at night.
They are more emotional than we.
They are more intelligent.
They are more or less the same size.
They are more selective.
They are mostly polite.
They are mothers.
They are motivated.
They are moving from the peaceful hills and the countryside to the busy world of streets and crowds.
They are moving.
They are much better than Western baths.
They are much more savage than those they call barbarians.
They are much taller than us.
They are much younger than Tom.
They are much younger than you.
They are muddy.
They are mumbling.
They are my brothers.
They are my classmates.
They are my colleagues.
They are my cousins.
They are my friend.
They are my friends.
They are my godparents.
They are my grandfather's books.
They are my grandfather’s books.
They are my leaders.
They are my old friends.
They are my only hope.
They are my siblings.
They are my sisters.
They are nature's laboratory for all kinds of plant, animal and insect life.
They are nature’s laboratory for all kinds of plant, animal and insect life.
They are needy.
They are negotiating now.
They are negotiating to reach a satisfactory compromise.
They are neighbors.
They are neighbours.
They are neither a man nor a woman.
They are neither alive nor dead.
They are neither rich nor famous.
They are nephews, if I remember correctly.
They are never wrong.
They are next door neighbors.
They are nice and kid to each other.
They are nice boys and I am sure you will get on with them very well.
They are nice people.
They are nice.
They are no fools.
They are no longer here.
They are no longer here; they have left to have a meal.
They are no longer my neighbors.
They are no longer pioneers embarking on a risky adventure, those men and women who homeschool their children go where many others have tread. While an estimated 15,000 young people were home schooled in the late 1970's, now nearly two million receive their education at home.
They are no longer recognizable.
They are no more alike than a cow and a canary.
They are normal people.
They are normatively accountable for doing so.
They are not Algerian.
They are not Argentine citizens.
They are not Brazilian.
They are not a well-matched couple.
They are not able to keep vigil.
They are not above taking bribes.
They are not accustomed to discovering him in another place.
They are not accustomed to taking revenge.
They are not alive.
They are not all at home right now.
They are not all poor.
They are not alone in feeling overwhelmed at times.
They are not alone.
They are not angry with us.
They are not angry.
They are not as many as one might think.
They are not at all alike.
They are not at all interested.
They are not at home.
They are not available.
They are not bakers.
They are not being careful.
They are not brave.
They are not butchers.
They are not chidren, don't worry about them.
They are not club members.
They are not coming back for another year.
They are not coming back.
They are not coming even if they can.
They are not coming today.
They are not coming.
They are not disappointed.
They are not enemies, but friends.
They are not famous dancers.
They are not farmers.
They are not fighting, they just like to wrestle.
They are not fluent in Berber.
They are not following.
They are not fond of pets.
They are not giants but trolls.
They are not gifted in mathematics.
They are not going to Australia to build stores.
They are not going to accompany the children to school.
They are not going to take the children to school.
They are not good people.
They are not happy with themselves.
They are not happy.
They are not having difficult time.
They are not here yet.
They are not human.
They are not hungry.
They are not ill.
They are not illiterate in the sense that they can not read or write at all.
They are not important.
They are not in the habit of seeking vengeance.
They are not interested in Islam.
They are not interested in other languages.
They are not interested in saving money.
They are not interested in the Berber language.
They are not investigating further.
They are not invited.
They are not known by the public in the country.
They are not leaving.
They are not little children.
They are not living here.
They are not lying.
They are not married.
They are not members of the club.
They are not merchants, but farmers.
They are not much different in character from each other.
They are not my friends.
They are not my real parents.
They are not my rules.
They are not numbers.
They are not obligatory to use.
They are not of above taking bribes.
They are not old.
They are not older than you.
They are not paying me.
They are not peasants.
They are not proud of their children.
They are not proud of what they did yesterday.
They are not quite supportive.
They are not real doctors.
They are not really interested in the Berber language.
They are not settlers. They are thieves.
They are not sick.
They are not singing, they are flirting with each other.
They are not sisters.
They are not such a bad lot.
They are not suited to each other.
They are not taking care of this dog.
They are not talking.
They are not teachers.
They are not telling us the truth.
They are not the best informed.
They are not tired.
They are not transgressive.
They are not trustworthy at all.
They are not trustworthy.
They are not under your protection.
They are not used to coming upon him somewhere else.
They are not used to finding him elsewhere.
They are not used to our customs yet.
They are not very different from anybody else.
They are not wearing any underwear.
They are not widely available on campus.
They are not working even a bit.
They are not working for free.
They are not written like that.
They are not you.
They are now aboard the ship.
They are now at rest.
They are now at the top of the stairs.
They are now drawing lessons to make sure that rumors and misinformation will never again scuttle a vital health campaign.
They are now either in Kyoto or in Osaka.
They are now in the south of France.
They are now leveling the road with a bulldozer.
They are now man and wife duly married.
They are now sitting in conference on that question.
They are now talking to one of their teachers.
They are now widely used for communication, calculation, and other activities.
They are nowhere in sight.
They are nursery rhymes.
They are nuts.
They are oblivious to their fate.
They are of Berber ancestry.
They are of Berber origin.
They are of North African Berber origin.
They are of South African nationality.
They are of average height.
They are of kin to each other.
They are of no use whatsoever.
They are of the opinion that the missing plane is on the ocean floor and that's where the search should be conducted.
They are of the world: therefore speak they of the world, and the world heareth them.
They are of us, you know.
They are offering coffee.
They are often interested.
They are often together, and go to the opera or visit art galleries.
They are old footballers.
They are old now.
They are old.
They are older than Tom.
They are older than me.
They are older than them.
They are older than us.
They are on TV now.
They are on a diet.
They are on a headhunt for a new secretary.
They are on each other's heels.
They are on good terms with each other.
They are on good terms with their neighbors.
They are on strike for money.
They are on the air now.
They are on the border of starvation.
They are on the move.
They are on their way home.
They are on their way.
They are on this plane.
They are only allowed to attend substandard schools.
They are only bold in what they say.
They are only causing harm to themselves.
They are only good at gabbing!
They are only harming themselves.
They are only slaves, who speak about freedom.
They are open 24 hours a day.
They are opening the window.
They are opportunists.
They are opposed to Darwin's theory of evolution.
They are oppressed.
They are organizing politically and working to ensure that they are respected and valued.
They are our cars.
They are our dearest friends.
They are our guests.
They are our partners.
They are out his mind.
They are out in the garden.
They are out of bread.
They are out of funds.
They are out of hand.
They are out of touch with reality. They only care about their power, and the money they earn.
They are out of work now.
They are out shopping.
They are outside.
They are outsiders.
They are over there.
They are paid by the day.
They are paid by the week.
They are paid for lying.
They are paranoid as fuck.
They are parents.
They are part of an expressive tradition stretching all the way back to Elizabethan pamphlets, with particular roots in fanzines and feminist expression of the 1990s.
They are part owners of this restaurant.
They are passing by two by two.
They are pathetic as fuck.
They are pathetic.
They are peace-loving people.
They are people of a kind.
They are people who will quest for emancipation.
They are people.
They are perfect for each other.
They are perfect for short girls!
They are perfecting the subject.
They are performing a traditional Berber dance.
They are perpetually upset with them.
They are persons with no moral conscience.
They are persons.
They are picked soldiers.
They are picking strawberries.
They are pilots.
They are pitiful.
They are planning a drag show at the museum.
They are planning a trip to London.
They are planning their wedding.
They are planning to connect the cities with a railroad.
They are planning to extend the railroad to the next town.
They are planning to settle Missouri.
They are planning to settle in New Zealand.
They are playing Russian roulette.
They are playing behind the house.
They are playing chess.
They are playing football.
They are playing hide and seek.
They are playing soccer somewhere.
They are playing together.
They are playing volleyball.
They are pleased to see me suffering.
They are pleased with each other.
They are pleased with your work.
They are plotting to kill the king.
They are plowing the field of wheat.
They are policemen.
They are poor because of prejudice against them.
They are poor because of the discrimination against them.
They are poor.
They are poorly educated.
They are popular girls at school.
They are popular kids at school.
They are positive.
They are praying.
They are prepared.
They are preparing for a new chapter.
They are preparing for their trip.
They are preparing the food for the party.
They are preparing themselves.
They are pretending to be insurance salesmen.
They are pretty.
They are probably all dead now.
They are probably in love.
They are professional comic book artists.
They are professional dancers.
They are professionals.
They are professors.
They are proud in humility; proud that they are not proud.
They are proud of their bridge.
They are proud of their clever son.
They are proud of their daughter.
They are proud of their mother.
They are proud of their son.
They are proud of them.
They are proud of themselves.
They are pulled straight to one another.
They are pumping freshwater from the river catchment.
They are pursuing Tom.
They are pursuing the robber.
They are pursuing their task.
They are pushed into misery.
They are pushing me for payment.
They are putting P on at that theater.
They are putting on their gloves.
They are quiet.
They are quite big.
They are quite funny.
They are quite small.
They are quivering with terror.
They are raising your beautiful rabbit.
They are randomly selected.
They are rapists.
They are reading a book in their room.
They are reading a book.
They are reading a comic book.
They are reading books in the library.
They are reading books.
They are reading from our computer.
They are reading her book.
They are reading it.
They are reading their book.
They are reading their newspapers.
They are reading.
They are ready to follow us anywhere.
They are ready to leave for the airport.
They are ready.
They are really proud of their children.
They are really stupid!
They are redecorating.
They are registering the room.
They are related by blood.
They are related to colonization.
They are relatives.
They are relentless enemies.
They are required to wear a suit and tie to work.
They are respectful.
They are resting.
They are revolting people, their tactics are revolting, and their cause is revolting.
They are rich Englishwomen on a trip to Italy.
They are riding very fast.
They are right, they care about their children.
They are right.
They are rowing a boat on the pond.
They are rude and disrespectful.
They are running in the park.
They are running now.
They are running.
They are rushing to Akfadu.
They are sabotaging themselves.
They are sad.
They are satisfied with a simple life.
They are satisfied with the contract.
They are satisfied with the new house.
They are satisfied.
They are savages.
They are saving their money for the purchase of a house.
They are scant of money.
They are sceptical of all the newcomers.
They are scheduled to leave for New York on Sunday.
They are sculpting a statue out of marble.
They are scum who raise their children to be criminals.
They are scum.
They are seeing the sights of Kyoto.
They are seeing their uncle tomorrow.
They are seeking a solution.
They are seeking jobs.
They are self-taught artists.
They are selling fish and meat.
They are sensible girls.
They are separated by a great distance.
They are separated, and cannot touch.
They are serving sentences with no parole. They will die in prison.
They are setting a trap for you.
They are severely injured.
They are shaking from fright.
They are shaking.
They are shallow.
They are shearing the sheep.
They are short and thin.
They are short of food.
They are short of funds.
They are short of money to respond to the crisis.
They are shrewd in trade.
They are shutting off the spigot.
They are siblings.
They are sick.
They are simply trying to promulgate an accurate version of the facts.
They are singers.
They are single.
They are sisters.
They are sitting around the graves of their dead ancestors.
They are sitting as if charmed by the music.
They are sitting at the table.
They are sitting in the kitchen and drinking tea.
They are sitting on a bench.
They are sitting on the lawn and the ground.
They are sitting one after the other.
They are sitting.
They are six people.
They are six years apart in age.
They are six years apart.
They are skinny.
They are sleeping.
They are sleepy.
They are sliding on oil.
They are small.
They are smart, aren't they?
They are smart.
They are smoking.
They are so alike that I can't tell which is which.
They are so alike that I can’t tell which is which.
They are so beautiful.
They are so happy.
They are so irrelevant.
They are so much alike that I don't know which is which.
They are so much alike that I don’t know which is which.
They are so proud of their son.
They are so proud of their sons.
They are so proud of us.
They are so skinny.
They are so tired that they can't study.
They are so tired that they cannot study.
They are so tired.
They are so young and already know each other and want to be biologists.
They are solid members of the synagogue her mother helped found.
They are solid members of the synagogue that her mother helped found.
They are some food.
They are some of the most untrustworthy people I have ever met.
They are sorry. They want to make it up to you.
They are sources of problems.
They are speaking Dutch.
They are speaking French.
They are speaking on our behalf.
They are speaking outside my room.
They are speaking.
They are specially packaged so that they stack easily.
They are spending their honeymoon in Venice.
They are spinning wool.
They are spraying the fruit trees.
They are spreading love with muddy hands.
They are standing around me.
They are standing there and eating potato chips.
They are starving.
They are staying Monday through Friday.
They are staying with you.
They are still angry with me.
They are still at Tigzirt beach.
They are still at the school.
They are still children.
They are still cleaning.
They are still dependent on Tom.
They are still fighting their modish Western religion.
They are still following us.
They are still here.
They are still in Kabylie.
They are still inside.
They are still investing in the Algerian market.
They are still learning Berber.
They are still living with their parents.
They are still looking for the child.
They are still looking for the criminal.
They are still minors.
They are still out.
They are still seeking evidence.
They are still talking.
They are still there.
They are still together.
They are still upset with me.
They are still very young.
They are stopping at the Empire Hotel.
They are strange people, for each of them is, or was, possessed of some dominating vice, passion, whim or weakness which made him incapable of fulfilling the ordinary duties of respectable citizenship.
They are strange.
They are stray dogs.
They are street artists.
They are stringing flowers together for the festoons above the doorways.
They are strong.
They are stronger than they realize.
They are strongly opposing my proposal.
They are struggling for freedom.
They are struggling to survive in business.
They are struggling with the goal of wiping out smallpox.
They are stubborn.
They are stuck together.
They are students at the Bologna University.
They are studying film in college.
They are studying for the test.
They are studying the respiratory system at school.
They are studying these days.
They are studying this question right now.
They are studying.
They are stunned.
They are stunning.
They are subscribed.
They are substituting word processors for typewriters.
They are such a great couple.
They are such cheaters!
They are suffering financial difficulties.
They are suffering from a liver ailment.
They are suffering from hunger.
They are suffering from want of food.
They are suffering.
They are sufficiently well off to be able to spend each winter in Florida.
They are suffocating.
They are superior to us in learning.
They are supposed to arrive on Mallorca now.
They are supposed to obey the orders.
They are supposed to wash their hands before they start eating.
They are sure to fall in love.
They are surely at home because the light is on in the room.
They are surely searching for us now.
They are surely talking about us.
They are surprised.
They are surrounded by admirers.
They are susceptible to changes in fashion.
They are sweating.
They are swimming.
They are taking a walk.
They are taking away our chance to earn a living.
They are taking credit for your work.
They are taking math classes.
They are taking our liberty from us.
They are taking the test tomorrow.
They are taking their donkey.
They are taking their final exam.
They are talking about music.
They are talking about this and that.
They are talking about what they will sing.
They are talking among themselves.
They are talking as if nothing happened between them.
They are talking in the kitchen.
They are talking loudly when they know they are disturbing others.
They are talking on the phone.
They are talking over a cup of coffee in the cafeteria.
They are talking past each other.
They are talking to each other.
They are talking together.
They are talking with each other.
They are talking with the police officer.
They are talking.
They are tall.
They are taller than she.
They are teachers.
They are teaching Berber at a nearby school.
They are teaching Berber next school year.
They are teaching me Dutch.
They are tearing down the old mosque.
They are tearing up.
They are tears of joy.
They are telling me lies.
They are telling you lies.
They are ten Turkish liras each.
They are ten.
They are terrified.
They are the anonymous ones — not us.
They are the backing group.
They are the best players I've seen in my life.
They are the best soccer team, they win every game.
They are the best.
They are the boys of the parish.
They are the coolest of the cool.
They are the cutest boys in the class.
They are the cutest girls in the class.
They are the cutest kids in the class.
They are the essence of our differences with communism today. I am unalterably opposed to communism because it exalts the state over the individual and the family, and because of the lack of freedom of speech, of protest, of religion, and of the press, which is the characteristic of totalitarian states. The way of opposition to communism is not to imitate its dictatorship, but to enlarge individual freedom, in our own countries and all over the globe.
They are the extreme cases.
They are the fastest.
They are the foley artists of this production.
They are the fruits of the earth.
They are the future.
They are the guests of honour.
They are the most beautiful tall women of all.
They are the most important phrases for your communication.
They are the new owners of this hotel.
They are the next to be on duty for taking care of the rabbits.
They are the ones destroying our language.
They are the ones who are paying.
They are the ones who get the children accustomed to candy, and then they complain.
They are the ones who invented it.
They are the ones who want to go.
They are the only Muslims there.
They are the only people who know the fact.
They are the only students who study Chinese.
They are the people who live next door.
They are the poorest of the poor.
They are the pupils of our school.
They are the same age.
They are the so-called victims of war.
They are the sound effects artists of this production.
They are the spitting image of one another.
They are the strongest.
They are the target market for this product.
They are the worst.
They are the youngest of 5 siblings.
They are their children.
They are there.
They are thieves, aren't they?
They are thieves.
They are thin.
They are thinking about the utilization of plastic bags in the country.
They are thinking about what happened.
They are thirsty for knowledge.
They are thirsty.
They are thirty minutes late according to the planned timetable.
They are thought of as competent.
They are threatening me.
They are threatening my life.
They are three old men.
They are threshing wheat.
They are throwing food at each other.
They are thugs.
They are tied for first place.
They are tied up.
They are tired.
They are to be married in June.
They are to hold a party tonight.
They are too big.
They are too busy fighting against each other to care for common ideals.
They are too close.
They are too drunk.
They are too far in debt to get the small business loan.
They are too numerous to enumerate.
They are too strict.
They are too suspicious about everything.
They are too tired to keep climbing the mountain.
They are too valuable to me.
They are tough.
They are traffic lights.
They are traveling west.
They are travelling into Tanalt village.
They are treating Tom differently.
They are treating me like a child.
They are trees that bear fruit, those who suffer from being hit with stones.
They are trembling with fear.
They are troublesome men.
They are troublesome women.
They are trying hard.
They are trying to attack.
They are trying to ban the protests.
They are trying to bring Berber back in their area.
They are trying to cozy up to imperialist forces in order to achieve their political aims.
They are trying to destroy our language.
They are trying to do something impossible.
They are trying to drive Japanese goods out of the market.
They are trying to impoverish people.
They are trying to keep costs down.
They are trying to organize a new political party.
They are trying to redefine words such as "woman" and "mother" to suit their own political goals.
They are trying to unify the school's message.
They are trying.
They are two cousins.
They are two flowers.
They are two years younger than Tom.
They are typical young people.
They are ugly.
They are unable to answer that question.
They are unable to feed their children.
They are unable to mock him.
They are unable to mock me.
They are unable to mock us.
They are unable to stay awake.
They are unanimous in their hate for me—and I welcome their hatred.
They are unaware of what's in store for them.
They are unbearable memories.
They are unbelievably dishonest.
They are unconscious.
They are unemployed.
They are uninjured.
They are unintimidated.
They are university students in Vientiane.
They are unknown artists.
They are unlikely to marry.
They are unreliable.
They are unstoppable!
They are unworthy of the praise given them.
They are up to no good.
They are upset with us.
They are urchins.
They are used to eating on time.
They are used to ignoring people.
They are used to sleeping in a tent.
They are used to the humid climate of the summer.
They are using a telescope to look at the sky.
They are vegetarians.
They are vehemently opposed to political correctness.
They are very alike to me.
They are very bad actors.
They are very bad!
They are very beautiful.
They are very big apples.
They are very big.
They are very caring.
They are very cheerful.
They are very clean.
They are very compatible.
They are very competent.
They are very concerned about genetically modified organisms.
They are very different.
They are very experienced announcers.
They are very famous here.
They are very far away.
They are very festive.
They are very generous.
They are very good friends.
They are very greedy people.
They are very important people.
They are very important.
They are very interested in astronomy.
They are very kind to me.
They are very kind.
They are very old.
They are very popular among boys.
They are very proud of being students of that college.
They are very shy.
They are very smart.
They are very sweet.
They are very thick with our family.
They are very this-is-what-you-paid-for type of thing.
They are very xenophobic.
They are victims of the so-called war.
They are violent criminals.
They are visiting her cousin in Groningen city.
They are visiting her nephew in Groningen city.
They are visiting relatives.
They are waging a campaign against AIDS.
They are waited upon.
They are waiting for dinner to be served.
They are waiting for me.
They are waiting for us at the railway station.
They are waiting for you in front of the door.
They are waiting for you next to the long white house.
They are waiting.
They are walking barefoot.
They are walking.
They are wandering.
They are wanting in industry.
They are warm.
They are washing his apples.
They are wasting their time.
They are wasting time.
They are watching a basketball game on TV.
They are watching a movie.
They are watching a play.
They are watching me.
They are watching this video from Algeria.
They are watching us.
They are watching what's happening closely.
They are watching what’s happening closely.
They are watching.
They are watering the flowers.
They are watering the garden.
They are way ahead of us in this field.
They are weak.
They are wearing couple socks.
They are wearing expensive rings.
They are weary of their tedious work.
They are weaving a carpet.
They are welding.
They are welfare queens.
They are well looked after.
They are well off.
They are well-educated people.
They are well.
They are what we call hot rodders.
They are what you eat.
They are whispering.
They are white.
They are who I buy my paint supplies from.
They are wide.
They are willing to do it for you.
They are willing to help us out.
They are willing to learn English.
They are willing to talk about the problem.
They are winning.
They are with me.
They are within earshot.
They are wolves in sheep's clothing.
They are women like us.
They are women who cause trouble.
They are women, they are minorities, and we are very worried about what might transpire.
They are women.
They are working behind the scenes.
They are working for Tom.
They are working hard to be good parents and to raise their children to be happy individuals and good parents.
They are working on the next version of their operating system.
They are working this weekend.
They are working to attract tourists from Bangladesh.
They are working.
They are worrying about nothing.
They are worthless.
They are wrestlers.
They are wrestling shoulder to shoulder.
They are writing a book about their father.
They are writing a screenplay for a new movie, which is a comedy about two friends who switch bodies after a magic spell goes wrong.
They are writing an article for the school newspaper.
They are writing some letters.
They are writing.
They are wrong.
They are yelling at their computer.
They are yellow.
They are young adults.
They are young and smart.
They are young, they will heal soon.
They are young.
They are your rulers.
They are, as it were, victims of the war.
They are, indeed.
They are.
They are?
They aren't Algerian.
They aren't Canadians, are they?
They aren't Finnish.
They aren't able to shop at the designer store.
They aren't able to swim, are they?
They aren't afraid of anything, are they?
They aren't afraid of death.
They aren't afraid of heights, are they?
They aren't afraid of me, are they?
They aren't afraid to speak their minds.
They aren't afraid, are they?
They aren't all bad.
They aren't all that poor, are they?
They aren't all that rich, are they?
They aren't all that tall, are they?
They aren't allowed to do that, are they?
They aren't allowed to work.
They aren't alone.
They aren't always busy, are they?
They aren't as bad as they look.
They aren't as bossy as they used to be.
They aren't as busy as they seem to be.
They aren't as busy as they used to be.
They aren't as crazy as they used to be.
They aren't as cute as they used to be.
They aren't as fast as they once were.
They aren't as fast as they used to be.
They aren't as fat as they used to be.
They aren't as fun as they used to be.
They aren't as funny as they used to be.
They aren't as fussy as they used to be.
They aren't as good as they think.
They aren't as happy as they should be.
They aren't as heavy as they used to be.
They aren't as innocent as they seem.
They aren't as lazy as they used to be.
They aren't as lucky as they used to be.
They aren't as naive as they used to be.
They aren't as nasty as they used to be.
They aren't as neat as they used to be.
They aren't as nice as they used to be.
They aren't as old as they look.
They aren't as old as they say they are.
They aren't as old as they seem.
They aren't as old as you are, are they?
They aren't as old as you think that they are.
They aren't as old as you think they are.
They aren't as old as you, are they?
They aren't as picky as they used to be.
They aren't as poor as they used to be.
They aren't as pushy as they used to be.
They aren't as quick as they once were.
They aren't as rich as they say they are.
They aren't as rich as they used to be.
They aren't as rude as they used to be.
They aren't as scary as they used to be.
They aren't as shy as they used to be.
They aren't as slow as they used to be.
They aren't as smart as they look.
They aren't as spry as they used to be.
They aren't as stupid as they seem.
They aren't as thin as they used to be.
They aren't as tidy as they used to be.
They aren't as timid as they used to be.
They aren't as tough as they look.
They aren't as tough as they seem.
They aren't as tough as they used to be.
They aren't as ugly as they used to be.
They aren't as weak as they used to be.
They aren't as weird as they used to be.
They aren't as witty as they used to be.
They aren't as young as they look.
They aren't as young as they say they are.
They aren't ashamed of what they did.
They aren't at their desks right now.
They aren't bartenders.
They aren't being very helpful, are they?
They aren't being very nice, are they?
They aren't big, but they're strong.
They aren't bus drivers, are they?
They aren't busy, are they?
They aren't buying bread.
They aren't cat people, are they?
They aren't celebrating, are they?
They aren't children any more, but not adults yet.
They aren't club members.
They aren't coming back, are they?
They aren't coming today.
They aren't coming, are they?
They aren't coming.
They aren't concentrating, are they?
They aren't contributing, are they?
They aren't criminals, are they?
They aren't crying, are they?
They aren't dating, are they?
They aren't dating.
They aren't dating... yet.
They aren't dead, are they?
They aren't dead.
They aren't dependent on their parents.
They aren't disturbing you, are they?
They aren't doctors.
They aren't doing anything wrong.
They aren't doing anything, are they?
They aren't doing as well as we are.
They aren't doing that again, are they?
They aren't doing that yet.
They aren't doing the best they can.
They aren't doing their best.
They aren't dumber than you.
They aren't easy to convince at all.
They aren't enjoying themselves.
They aren't exactly the same; they are just similar.
They aren't famous, are they?
They aren't far from the truth.
They aren't farmers.
They aren't fast enough, are they?
They aren't fat.
They aren't fighting, are they?
They aren't for you.
They aren't from around here, are they?
They aren't going in the right direction.
They aren't going on holiday to Paraguay.
They aren't going shopping.
They aren't going to New York.
They aren't going to accompany the children to school.
They aren't going to be able to pay their debts.
They aren't going to be back in weeks.
They aren't going to bother you.
They aren't going to do that, are they?
They aren't going to help Tom.
They aren't going to help her.
They aren't going to help him.
They aren't going to help the poor.
They aren't going to help you.
They aren't going to help, are they?
They aren't going to jail.
They aren't going to let us go.
They aren't going to lose, are they?
They aren't going to make it, are they?
They aren't going to sell their house.
They aren't going to sell their houses.
They aren't going to take the children to school.
They aren't going to touch there.
They aren't going with you, are they?
They aren't good cooks, are they?
They aren't good enough, are they?
They aren't good, are they?
They aren't happy about it, are they?
They aren't happy about this, are they?
They aren't happy to be here, are they?
They aren't happy to see Tom.
They aren't happy to see her.
They aren't happy to see him.
They aren't happy to see them.
They aren't happy to see you.
They aren't happy with this, are they?
They aren't happy, are they?
They aren't happy.
They aren't hated by anybody.
They aren't her biological parents.
They aren't here now, are they?
They aren't here yet.
They aren't here.
They aren't here. They went home.
They aren't home right now, are they?
They aren't hungry.
They aren't in their bedrooms, are they?
They aren't in their bedrooms.
They aren't in their offices right now.
They aren't in their offices.
They aren't in their rooms.
They aren't in their tent.
They aren't in, are they?
They aren't interested, are they?
They aren't interesting.
They aren't involved in this.
They aren't just any 3-D glasses.
They aren't just similar; they are one and the same.
They aren't leaving until six in the morning.
They aren't leaving, are they?
They aren't leaving.
They aren't like people say they are.
They aren't like that.
They aren't like the others, are they?
They aren't like us.
They aren't like you.
They aren't likely to catch me.
They aren't likely to cry, are they?
They aren't likely to do that, are they?
They aren't likely to get married.
They aren't likely to win, are they?
They aren't married anymore.
They aren't members of the club.
They aren't members, are they?
They aren't mine.
They aren't much older than me, are they?
They aren't my books.
They aren't my parents.
They aren't my real parents.
They aren't often wrong, are they?
They aren't old enough, are they?
They aren't older than you.
They aren't our enemies.
They aren't outside. They are inside.
They aren't picky about what they eat.
They aren't prepared.
They aren't pulling their weight.
They aren't putting on shoes.
They aren't quarreling, but are rehearsing a play.
They aren't ready for anything.
They aren't ready for love.
They aren't ready yet, are they?
They aren't really enjoying themselves.
They aren't really that old, are they?
They aren't recognisable.
They aren't related.
They aren't religious, are they?
They aren't rich.
They aren't ripe at all. You're going to break your teeth!
They aren't serious about their studies.
They aren't serious, are they?
They aren't smart enough to understand this stuff.
They aren't so bright, are they?
They aren't so conservative, are they?
They aren't so dependable, are they?
They aren't so kind, are they?
They aren't so old, are they?
They aren't so successful, are they?
They aren't so sure, are they?
They aren't so tall, are they?
They aren't speaking to Mary.
They aren't staying with you, are they?
They aren't still asleep, are they?
They aren't still at work, are they?
They aren't still doing that, are they?
They aren't still hungry, are they?
They aren't still sleeping, are they?
They aren't students, are they?
They aren't stupid.
They aren't such a bad lot.
They aren't sure how much they drank.
They aren't sure how they got here.
They aren't sure if they're right.
They aren't sure that they can do that again.
They aren't sure that they can do that.
They aren't sure that they can win.
They aren't sure that they have to do that.
They aren't sure that they need to do that.
They aren't sure that they ought to do that.
They aren't sure that they should do that.
They aren't sure that they want to do that.
They aren't sure that they want to do this.
They aren't sure that they're ready.
They aren't sure they can do that again.
They aren't sure they can do that.
They aren't sure they can win.
They aren't sure they have to do that.
They aren't sure they need to do that.
They aren't sure they ought to do that.
They aren't sure they should do that.
They aren't sure they want to do that.
They aren't sure they want to do this.
They aren't sure they're ready.
They aren't sure what else they can do.
They aren't sure what else they should do.
They aren't sure what they did wrong.
They aren't sure what they should do.
They aren't sure what they'll do.
They aren't sure what to do, are they?
They aren't sure why they're here.
They aren't suspect anymore, are they?
They aren't swimming in the river.
They aren't tall for their age.
They aren't taxi drivers, are they?
They aren't teachers anymore, are they?
They aren't telling us the truth.
They aren't that good.
They aren't the kind of people you should want to be friends with.
They aren't the ones, are they?
They aren't there, are they?
They aren't there.
They aren't thinking about the citizens.
They aren't to be trusted, are they?
They aren't too happy to see Tom.
They aren't too young, are they?
They aren't twins.
They aren't used to their new jobs.
They aren't very bright, are they?
They aren't very busy, are they?
They aren't very courageous, are they?
They aren't very diplomatic, are they?
They aren't very efficient, are they?
They aren't very enthusiastic, are they?
They aren't very funny, are they?
They aren't very good at their jobs.
They aren't very good at what they do.
They aren't very good dancers, are they?
They aren't very good drivers, are they?
They aren't very good liars, are they?
They aren't very happy, are they?
They aren't very hungry, are they?
They aren't very imaginative, are they?
They aren't very likable, are they?
They aren't very obedient, are they?
They aren't very organized, are they?
They aren't very polite, are they?
They aren't very reliable, are they?
They aren't very resourceful, are they?
They aren't very smart, are they?
They aren't very sociable, are they?
They aren't very spontaneous, are they?
They aren't very strong, are they?
They aren't very talented, are they?
They aren't very tall, are they?
They aren't very trustworthy, are they?
They aren't waiting for the bus.
They aren't wearing their glasses today.
They aren't wearing their glasses.
They aren't wearing their hats.
They aren't wearing their lab coats.
They aren't wearing their new coats.
They aren't wearing their seatbelts.
They aren't wearing their uniforms.
They aren't well designed machines.
They aren't well.
They aren't what they seem.
They aren't what they used to be.
They aren't where I told them to wait.
They aren't where they should be.
They aren't where they want to be.
They aren't who they say they are, are they?
They aren't who you think that they are.
They aren't who you think they are.
They aren't willing to go by themselves.
They aren't working for free.
They aren't worried about their grades.
They aren't yet able to swim, are they?
They aren't yet of age, yet they are drinking wine every day.
They aren’t afraid of death.
They aren’t children any more, but not adults yet.
They aren’t hated by anybody.
They aren’t here yet.
They aren’t laughing at that time.
They aren’t my books.
They aren’t my parents.
They aren’t quarreling, but are rehearsing a play.
They aren’t smart enough to understand this stuff.
They aren’t such a bad lot.
They aren’t swimming in the river.
They aren’t waiting for the bus.
They argue a lot, but for the most part they get along quite well together.
They argue a lot.
They argue all the time.
They argue all time.
They argue constantly.
They argue like a bunch of crazy whores.
They argue like a bunch of mad prostitutes.
They argue non-stop.
They argue quite often.
They argue that the distribution of wealth should be equitable.
They argued a little about the rent.
They argued about a lot of things.
They argued about a triviality.
They argued about anything and everything.
They argued about the sentence.
They argued about which was easier, French or German.
They argued bitterly.
They argued in the mosque.
They argued that he killed her.
They argued that the earth is round.
They argued the new bill for hours.
They argued with him that it would be quite impossible for him to stand unanaesthetized the elaborate cutting and dissection necessary to complete an operation of this kind in a most important part of the body, where large nerves and arteries would have to be cut through and where the slightest disturbance on the part of the patient might easily lead to serious or even fatal results.
They argued with the bus driver.
They argued with the cop.
They argued yesterday.
They argued.
They armed the people.
They armed themselves with guns.
They armed themselves with knives.
They armed themselves with rifles.
They arose.
They arrange the desks for better flow.
They arranged a meeting.
They arranged flowers in the vase.
They arranged flowers on the table.
They arranged for the picnic.
They arranged the furniture badly.
They arrested Tom for disturbing the peace.
They arrested Tom last night.
They arrested Tom on the spot.
They arrested Tom.
They arrested a man named Lee Harvey Oswald.
They arrested her.
They arrested him.
They arrested me.
They arrested the black guy and let the white guy go.
They arrested the criminals.
They arrested the culprit around six months later.
They arrested the elected president.
They arrive at the train station in seven hours.
They arrive on the 11 o'clock train.
They arrive with large wads of bills stashed in their wallets.
They arrived a bit late.
They arrived after me.
They arrived at 2.30, and Mary came a bit later.
They arrived at 2:30, and Mary arrived a little later.
They arrived at an awkward time.
They arrived at just the right time.
They arrived at the airport.
They arrived at the foot of the mountain.
They arrived at the hospital.
They arrived at the hotel.
They arrived at the house.
They arrived at the station in plenty of time for the train.
They arrived at twilight.
They arrived before her.
They arrived before him.
They arrived before me.
They arrived before you.
They arrived from England a week ago.
They arrived half an hour early.
They arrived here in 1997.
They arrived here safely yesterday.
They arrived home around 10 o'clock.
They arrived in Algeria.
They arrived in America a few days ago.
They arrived in Australia recently.
They arrived in Berlin yesterday.
They arrived in Boston recently.
They arrived in Chicago by car.
They arrived in England a week ago.
They arrived in New Delhi on 9 July.
They arrived in New Delhi on July 9th.
They arrived in Osaka at the beginning of May.
They arrived in Paris at the same time.
They arrived in Portugal this morning.
They arrived in Southern Rhodesia, and there was a choice of an immigrants' camp, consisting of mud huts with a communal water supply, or a hotel; and they chose the hotel, being what are known as people of means.
They arrived in Southern Rhodesia, and there was a choice of an immigrants’ camp, consisting of mud huts with a communal water supply, or a hotel; and they chose the hotel, being what are known as people of means.
They arrived in the United States a few days ago.
They arrived in the summer of 1847.
They arrived in threes.
They arrived just as you left.
They arrived just in time for the last train.
They arrived just in time.
They arrived last.
They arrived late because of the storm.
They arrived late to work.
They arrived on Mars.
They arrived on flight 201.
They arrived on time.
They arrived one after another.
They arrived over there before us.
They arrived quickly.
They arrived separately.
They arrived there before dawn.
They arrived there before him.
They arrived there before them.
They arrived there before us.
They arrived there before you.
They arrived too soon.
They arrived with their axes and a long cross-cut saw.
They arrived yesterday.
They as well as you are ordinary people.
They ascribed the accident to the bad weather.
They ask her many questions.
They ask me questions about the past.
They ask me to be quiet.
They ask questions directly of the President.
They ask questions to their mothers.
They ask questions, and we answer them.
They ask the President questions directly.
They ask the parents of other children.
They ask, and we answer.
They asked Kate to baby-sit for their child.
They asked Kate to babysit their child.
They asked Lincoln to make a victory speech.
They asked Mary to look after the children.
They asked Mary why she was crying.
They asked Mrs. Lincoln where she wanted her husband buried.
They asked Skura for her telephone number.
They asked Tom about his working experience. He said that he had none.
They asked Tom if he felt secure with them.
They asked Tom to do a job, but he played the fool and pretended he didn't hear it.
They asked Tom to help them get the house into shape.
They asked Tom to help them renovate the house.
They asked Tom to play the guitar.
They asked Tom to resign.
They asked Tom to translate it for them into Czech.
They asked a few questions about Rima.
They asked a lot of questions about my past experience.
They asked a medical expert to do more research.
They asked a question that was right on the mark.
They asked about Mom's health.
They asked about Tom.
They asked about the meaning of life.
They asked about the others.
They asked about you yesterday.
They asked about you.
They asked after my father.
They asked for a pay rise.
They asked for a poney.
They asked for an increase in salary.
They asked for an increase of salary.
They asked for help.
They asked for his advice.
They asked for more details.
They asked for more.
They asked for my help.
They asked for my opinion.
They asked for our advice.
They asked for permission to arm their ships.
They asked for their father.
They asked for their money back.
They asked her to babysit their children.
They asked her to join the meeting.
They asked her to open the window.
They asked him "Tell me, friend, are you single or married?"
They asked him about the Kabyle language.
They asked him for advice.
They asked him to call me.
They asked him to leave the mosque.
They asked him to open the window.
They asked him where he drew inspiration from.
They asked him.
They asked his brother to help them with their homework.
They asked his older brother to help them do their homework.
They asked how they could help.
They asked if they could do that.
They asked if they could help.
They asked if they could speak French.
They asked if they had to do that.
They asked if they might go home early.
They asked if they needed to do that.
They asked if they should go further.
They asked if they were invited.
They asked me back.
They asked me for my name, my address, and my reason for coming.
They asked me for my name, my address, and the purpose of my trip.
They asked me for my student ID card to take the exam.
They asked me for some money.
They asked me for something to drink.
They asked me here.
They asked me how they could help.
They asked me if I agreed with them.
They asked me if I could help them.
They asked me if I liked them.
They asked me if I loved them.
They asked me if I wanted something to drink.
They asked me if I was doing well.
They asked me if I would help them.
They asked me if I'd help them.
They asked me if they could do that.
They asked me not to help them.
They asked me questions about Islam.
They asked me to be their friend.
They asked me to carry their suitcases.
They asked me to come down and identify the body.
They asked me to come to their house.
They asked me to cut their hair.
They asked me to do it for them.
They asked me to do that for them.
They asked me to do this for them.
They asked me to forgive them.
They asked me to give a talk about Islam.
They asked me to give a talk about how I entered Islam.
They asked me to give their money.
They asked me to give them money.
They asked me to go with them.
They asked me to help them do that.
They asked me to help them out.
They asked me to help you.
They asked me to join the union of the company.
They asked me to kiss them.
They asked me to leave because they were going to have a personal talk.
They asked me to leave them alone.
They asked me to leave.
They asked me to lend their money.
They asked me to lend them money.
They asked me to lend them some money.
They asked me to make a speech at short notice.
They asked me to make a speech in French.
They asked me to make a speech on short notice.
They asked me to meet them here.
They asked me to open the gate.
They asked me to pay them a visit.
They asked me to polish their shoes.
They asked me to proofread their essays.
They asked me to question you.
They asked me to read them some poems.
They asked me to say goodbye for them.
They asked me to sell them my car.
They asked me to stay and help them.
They asked me to stay away from them.
They asked me to take them to the zoo.
They asked me to talk about them with gender-neutral pronouns.
They asked me to wash their car.
They asked me to wash their cars.
They asked me what I intended to do in the future.
They asked me what I was planning to do in the future.
They asked me what I was thinking of doing in the future.
They asked me what I will do in the future.
They asked me what I'm going to do in the future.
They asked me what my name was, where I came from, and why I had come.
They asked me what they should do next.
They asked me when they should do that.
They asked me where they should park.
They asked me where they should put their coats.
They asked me who I was and where I was from.
They asked me why I didn't like them.
They asked me with which countries I would like to correspond.
They asked me.
They asked questions about Islam and I answered them to the best of my ability.
They asked questions about Islam.
They asked that they not be disturbed.
They asked that they not be identified.
They asked the cab driver to take them back to the mansion.
They asked the doctor about her.
They asked the social media platforms to take down the hashtag.
They asked the strangers who they were.
They asked the teacher what to do next.
They asked the technician to make a tool protected from light.
They asked the technician to make a vessel protected from light.
They asked the young worker to resign.
They asked their father if they could go to the cinema.
They asked their father whether they could go to the cinema.
They asked to see you in person.
They asked us a million questions.
They asked us for advice.
They asked us if we knew when the movie started.
They asked us to come.
They asked us to do that.
They asked us to follow them.
They asked us to forgive them.
They asked us to leave them alone.
They asked us to stay here.
They asked us to trust them.
They asked what lies beyond the stars.
They asked what they could do to help.
They asked whether they should write down the new words.
They asked why the universe exists.
They asked why they had to do that.
They asked why we explore.
They asked you to do that.
They aspire to a better life.
They assailed the new teacher with questions.
They assassinated the princes by sabotaging their helicopter.
They assemble planes.
They assemble typewriters.
They assembled the chairs in neat rows.
They assembled.
They asserted that it was true.
They assessed the land at nine million yen.
They assigned the task to us.
They assigned you a name.
They assisted him in performing the operation.
They assisted the painter financially.
They assisted their brother with his homework.
They assumed I hadn't answered.
They assumed a victory as their own.
They assumed that Sami was a homosexual.
They assumed the victory as their own.
They assured me that nothing was going on.
They assured us they'd cooperate.
They ate a banana.
They ate a frugal lunch before setting on their way.
They ate a meagre lunch, and then set off.
They ate a pizza with goat cheese.
They ate a quinoa salad.
They ate all that they wanted to eat.
They ate all the cookies and didn't even leave me the crumbs.
They ate all the dip.
They ate and drank champagne.
They ate and drank wine.
They ate and they drank.
They ate apricots.
They ate as much food as they could.
They ate at a restaurant.
They ate at their desks.
They ate bagels with cream cheese.
They ate bananas.
They ate breakfast all by themselves.
They ate by themselves.
They ate caviar and drank champagne.
They ate caviar.
They ate cheese and crackers.
They ate chocolates.
They ate dinner by themselves.
They ate dinner.
They ate each other.
They ate everything on their plates.
They ate everything.
They ate fish.
They ate half the cake by themselves.
They ate healthier foods.
They ate heartily.
They ate homemade pizza.
They ate hot peppers.
They ate ice cream.
They ate in silence.
They ate in the restaurant.
They ate it all.
They ate it.
They ate lunch at Linda’s restaurant.
They ate lunch at a small restaurant.
They ate lunch at their desks.
They ate lunch by themselves.
They ate lunch together.
They ate marshmallows.
They ate meat.
They ate meatloaves.
They ate oil and figs.
They ate our money.
They ate pepper and mashed tomato.
They ate pizza yesterday.
They ate plums.
They ate popsicles.
They ate possum roadkill for dinner.
They ate salad on the cliff, but got sick on the hike back.
They ate sandwiches at their desk.
They ate sandwiches at their desks.
They ate sandwiches for lunch.
They ate some enchiladas.
They ate supper.
They ate the apple you gave them.
They ate the bread.
They ate the cake.
They ate the chicken during their journey.
They ate the chicken on their way.
They ate the food.
They ate the whole cake by themselves.
They ate the whole cake.
They ate the whole pizza by themselves.
They ate the whole plate of donuts.
They ate their breakfast quietly.
They ate their dinner.
They ate their fill.
They ate their food in one sitting.
They ate their lunch at their desks.
They ate their salad.
They ate their sandwiches at their desks.
They ate together.
They ate turkey bacon.
They ate turkey on Thanksgiving Day.
They ate until they were full.
They ate up all the cake.
They ate well.
They ate what they wanted.
They ate with appetite and then went straight to sleep.
They ate without me.
They ate.
They attached great importance to cleanliness.
They attack minorities, mainly Muslims.
They attack national identity.
They attacked Nuja.
They attacked a group of Frenchmen and killed ten of them.
They attacked from behind.
They attacked him from behind the trees with their blowguns. By the time he found out about the ambush, it was too late.
They attacked immediately.
They attacked me from behind.
They attacked soldiers who were sent to arrest them.
They attacked the enemy.
They attacked the monster.
They attained their aim.
They attained their goal.
They attained their purpose at last.
They attained their purpose.
They attempt to instill French in their offspring.
They attempted in vain to bribe the witness.
They attempted to arrest Tom Jackson, but failed.
They attempted to assassinate the president.
They attempted to break through the enemy line.
They attempted to communicate directly with the spirits.
They attempted to eliminate the natives in South Africa and Algeria, but it failed.
They attempted to escape.
They attempted to kill themselves.
They attend every class.
They attend every meeting.
They attend primary school.
They attend state school.
They attend this mosque.
They attended Harvard.
They attended a business meeting.
They attended a dinner with a business associate.
They attended a magic show and were amazed.
They attended college.
They attended every meeting.
They attended it.
They attended the Friday prayer together.
They attended the lecture.
They attended the wedding.
They attended worship.
They attract customers by offering high-quality goods.
They attributed his bad manners to lack of training in childhood.
They attributed the low death rate of infants to the progress of medicine.
They auditioned for the role.
They authorize Muslim workers to leave early in Ramadan.
They authorize their children to play with dirt.
They avoid attachment.
They avoid generalizations.
They avoid me.
They avoid mentioning the spirits directly.
They avoid texting.
They avoided clashing colors.
They avoided dull colors.
They avoided each other for days.
They avoided standing too close to each other.
They avoided that.
They avoided the question.
They avoided you, too.
They awarded Tom a medal.
They awarded her a gold medal for her achievement.
They awarded her a gold metal for her achievement.
They awarded her first prize at the art exhibition.
They awarded her first prize at the flower show.
They awarded him a gold medal for his achievement.
They backed away.
They backed him up in everything.
They backed me into a corner.
They backed me up in everything.
They backed up their data.
They backstabbed us, too.
They bake a delicious pizza.
They bake good cakes.
They bake their own bread.
They bake with cheese.
They baked a cake from scratch.
They baked some cakes.
They baked their teacher some cookies.
They bandaged his head.
They bandaged their own legs.
They banged the table with their fists.
They banged their knees on the table.
They banned French as a language of instruction at schools.
They banned me.
They banned the wearing of the hijab in public buildings.
They banned the wearing of the hijab.
They bared their teeth at each other.
They barely approved of anything.
They barely even started the business.
They barely had time to keep up with work and studies.
They barely knew Mina.
They barely left anything to hit.
They barely managed.
They barely speak Berber.
They barely spoke.
They barely touched their breakfast.
They barely touched their dinner.
They barely touched their food.
They bargained additional rations of bread and milk.
They barked.
They barred journalists from reporting on the elections.
They barricaded the saloon doors.
They barricaded themselves in the room.
They bartered guns for furs.
They basked in the sun.
They bathed in the lake.
They bathed in the sea.
They bathed in the torrent.
They bathed the dog often.
They bathed themselves.
They battled and battled, not thinking about the danger.
They bear grudges, those ones.
They beat Skura at checkers.
They beat Skura unconscious.
They beat Skura up.
They beat Ziri to death.
They beat all odds and succeeded in business. Now, UNCTAD is honoring two African businesswomen for their innovation. The award winners relied on resilience, hard work and determination.
They beat him up every day.
They beat me.
They beat the dog to a pulp.
They beat the door in.
They beat the hell out of him.
They beat their chests and lamented bitterly.
They beat their children.
They beat them.
They beat us badly.
They beat us to the punch.
They became Muslim at the same time.
They became Muslim in 2004.
They became acquainted with the routine.
They became actors.
They became actresses.
They became afraid.
They became aggressive.
They became agitated.
They became all the better friends because they entered the same college.
They became an overnight sensation.
They became angry.
They became anxious at her delay.
They became architects.
They became as obsessed with everything space-related as Dad was.
They became attracted to each other.
They became business partners.
They became citizens after receiving political asylum.
They became citizens of Japan.
They became close friends.
They became concerned.
They became defensive.
They became distant.
They became enraged.
They became exhausted.
They became famous after the accident.
They became famous.
They became fast friends.
They became fluent in Berber.
They became food for fishes.
They became friends and studied together.
They became friends in elementary school.
They became friends.
They became good friends.
They became guerilla fighters, hiding out in the jungles.
They became hopeless.
They became infected with laughter.
They became inseparable after that party.
They became invisible.
They became lifelong friends.
They became livid.
They became lovers.
They became man and wife.
They became mechanics.
They became more and more nervous.
They became nervous when I told them I came from Algeria.
They became nervous.
They became professional footballers.
They became professional soccer players.
They became really close.
They became scared.
They became sick one after another.
They became silent.
They became strong.
They became tired of losing money.
They became tired.
They became unavailable.
They became very bored.
They became very good friends.
They became very nervous.
They became very suspicious.
They became vulnerable.
They become exuberant as well.
They become nervous.
They been hiding from us the true history.
They began a discussion.
They began arguing over money.
They began chanting.
They began dancing.
They began fixing themselves drinks.
They began putting on their shoes.
They began spending almost every weekend there.
They began this year.
They began throwing rocks at Ziri's truck.
They began to argue with each other.
They began to argue.
They began to bicker.
They began to climb the hill.
They began to descend the hill.
They began to develop a new industrial site near the river.
They began to develop feelings for each other.
They began to import liquor illegally to sell for high prices.
They began to kiss.
They began to look at that.
They began to look into the problem.
They began to make violent attacks against the enemy.
They began to manufacture the machine on a large scale.
They began to move.
They began to prepare for possible hostilities.
They began to quarrel among themselves.
They began to run all at once.
They began to run when they saw the police.
They began to sail to their home.
They began to scream.
They began to talk in Berber.
They began to walk after a while.
They began to walk again after a while.
They began to wish they were dead.
They began tracking giraffe herds in the area.
They began using their power to become rich.
They began walking toward Tom.
They began walking toward her.
They began walking toward him.
They began with a strong attack against the enemy.
They begged him to stay.
They begged me not to hurt them.
They begged me to help them do it.
They begged me to help them do that.
They begged me to help them.
They begged me to let them in.
They begged me to take them to Algeria.
They begged us to come.
They begged us to help them.
They begin beating Tom.
They begin beating her.
They begin beating him.
They begin losing copious amounts of hair.
They begrudge each other.
They begrudged each other.
They behave as though we weren't there.
They behave towards Muslims in a way in which a Muslim would never behave towards his enemy.
They behave towards Muslims in a way in which no Muslim would behave towards an unbeliever.
They behaved as if they were insane.
They behaved responsibly.
They behaved that way, too.
They behaved themselves.
They believe Jane honest.
They believe Tom.
They believe he's a good inventor.
They believe her.
They believe him.
They believe in God.
They believe in Islam.
They believe in Marxism and don't believe in religion.
They believe in Marxism and don’t believe in religion.
They believe in a life after death.
They believe in collaborative growth.
They believe in constant improvement.
They believe in destiny.
They believe in one god.
They believe in the Gospel.
They believe in the power of collaborative art.
They believe in the power of creativity.
They believe in the power of dreams.
They believe in the power of synergy.
They believe in the transformative power of art.
They believe in their own lies.
They believe in themselves.
They believe it.
They believe learning is lifelong.
They believe me.
They believe she's been possessed by the devil.
They believe that Islam is an evil religion.
They believe that Jane is honest.
They believe that Jesus Christ is the son of God.
They believe that Muslims are evil people.
They believe that ancient technology was far more advanced than modern technology.
They believe that the Devil actively seeks to corrupt and deceive humanity.
They believe that the Quran is from God.
They believe that the narrative isn't in their favor.
They believe that the soul is immortal.
They believe that they can do that.
They believe that they can win.
They believe that they're ready.
They believe that they're right.
They believe that we will protect them from Tom.
They believe that.
They believe the propaganda.
They believe their country is secure against foreign enemies.
They believe their lives are in danger.
They believe they are losing the narrative.
They believe they can do that.
They believe they can win.
They believe they're ready.
They believe they're right.
They believe they're the only ones who love money.
They believe this.
They believe you.
They believed Mina immediately.
They believed Tom.
They believed everything I told them.
They believed he was honest.
They believed her.
They believed him.
They believed in her abilities to succeed.
They believed in her.
They believed in him.
They believed in me.
They believed in the power of loyalty.
They believed in the power of their connection.
They believed in the strength of their friendship.
They believed in their unshakable bond.
They believed in us when no one else did, and that made all the difference.
They believed in witchcraft.
They believed it might lead to trouble.
They believed it might lead to war with Britain.
They believed it necessary to have great contests every four years.
They believed it violated the laws of God.
They believed me.
They believed only their property had value.
They believed she was unimportant.
They believed that it must be a new element.
They believed that it was a necessary evil.
They believed that the earth was flat.
They believed that they could do that.
They believed that they could win.
They believed that this time it must be different, and their voices made that difference.
They believed that this time must be different; that their voice could be that difference.
They believed that.
They believed the jewel would bring disaster.
They believed them.
They believed there was a plot.
They believed they could do that.
They believed they could imitate it.
They believed they could win.
They believed they had to eliminate the native populations in order for their colonial project to succeed.
They believed they were in the majority.
They believed us.
They believed what Skura said.
They believed you.
They believed your story.
They belittled Mira.
They belong to a single-parent family.
They belong to an association.
They belong to him.
They belong to the chess club.
They benefit from this alliance.
They bent over to tie their shoes.
They bent to pick the pens up.
They beseeched him to stay.
They beseeched us to come.
They bestowed several gifts on the royal visitors.
They bet a bottle of whiskey.
They betrayed Silya.
They betrayed Tom.
They betrayed me.
They betrayed us to the police.
They betrayed us.
They betrayed you.
They better not talk.
They bicker just for fun.
They biked across Europe.
They bit each other.
They blame Tom for everything.
They blamed George for the failure.
They blamed President Hoover for their situation.
They blamed Tom for causing the accident.
They blamed Tom for everything.
They blamed Tom for the failure.
They blamed each other.
They blamed everybody except themselves.
They blamed everyone except themselves.
They blamed everything on Dad.
They blamed him for being late.
They blamed him for failing to improve the economy.
They blamed him for the accident.
They blamed him for the failure of the company.
They blamed me for my lack of foresight.
They blamed the driver for the accident.
They blamed the failure on George.
They blamed their parents.
They blamed themselves for being wrong.
They blamed themselves.
They blend Brazilian and Colombian coffee here.
They blend different musical traditions.
They blend traditional and modern art forms.
They blended colors seamlessly.
They blew their noses.
They blew up the ATM.
They blew up the bridge with gunpowder.
They blew up.
They blew you off.
They blithely ignored the rules, thinking they wouldn't face consequences.
They blocked her.
They blocked his proposal.
They blocked it.
They blocked the flow of water from the burst pipe.
They blotted out his name from the list.
They blotted out my name from the list.
They blow their own glassware there.
They blow-dried their hair.
They boarded the ship.
They boarded the train.
They boarded the wrong plane.
They boast of their bridge.
They boast of their victory.
They boil water for tea.
They boil water to drink it.
They bombed a hospital.
They booed him as he gave his speech.
They booed him during his speech.
They booed the president.
They booked a room in that hotel with a view of the sea.
They booked a room in this hotel with a view of the sea.
They booked a room with a view of the sea in that hotel.
They booked the trip at a travel agency.
They booted him out of school for not studying.
They bore me.
They bored me to tears.
They borrow books from the teachers' library.
They borrow magazines from Taninna.
They borrowed a book from me.
They borrowed books from the library.
They borrowed money from their families.
They borrowed money.
They botched that autopsy.
They botched their homework.
They both agreed to come out of the closet to their family.
They both agreed to sever all ties.
They both agreed.
They both are from Australia.
They both are from Boston.
They both are in the garden.
They both are teachers.
They both are wearing a hat.
They both are wearing hats.
They both ate their chocolates down to the very last bite.
They both began to cry.
They both blushed.
They both burst into laughter.
They both came to the mosque.
They both can speak French.
They both chuckled.
They both converted to Islam.
They both coughed.
They both cried after hearing the tragic news.
They both cried upon hearing the tragic news.
They both decided to skip class.
They both did that together.
They both did well.
They both died.
They both don't like me.
They both drank until they were really drunk.
They both drew the same thing.
They both dropped their books.
They both ended up by the lake, staring at the sunset.
They both enjoy the calmness of the beach at sunrise.
They both exploded in laughter.
They both fell asleep.
They both fell in love with the same man.
They both fell in love with the same woman.
They both fell on the ground.
They both fell.
They both gave statements.
They both giggled.
They both got Ds.
They both got arrested.
They both got fat.
They both got here late.
They both got in the car.
They both got rich.
They both got sent to the principal's office for misbehaving in class.
They both got three weeks' detention.
They both grew up as Muslims.
They both grew up in Algeria.
They both grew up in Algiers.
They both grew up in Australia.
They both grinned.
They both had reasonable wages.
They both had the same idea.
They both hated it.
They both hated school.
They both have a diamond credit card.
They both have blue eyes.
They both have farms less than three kilometers from here.
They both have shoes on.
They both have the same diagnosis.
They both knew that they loved each other.
They both laugh.
They both laughed again.
They both laughed at the matter.
They both laughed.
They both left Algeria.
They both left together.
They both left.
They both lied.
They both like sports.
They both like the same girl.
They both liked the idea.
They both liked the plan.
They both live with their parents.
They both lived happily ever after.
They both lived in Australia.
They both lived in Boston.
They both look beautiful.
They both look good.
They both look so sad.
They both look the same to me.
They both look very uncomfortable.
They both looked at Tom.
They both looked at each other.
They both looked at her.
They both looked at him.
They both looked back at Tom.
They both looked back at her.
They both looked back at him.
They both looked back at me.
They both looked back at them.
They both looked back at us.
They both looked ridiculous.
They both love each other.
They both married Muslim men.
They both moved to Algeria.
They both needed the money.
They both passed away.
They both picked the same major.
They both pleaded not guilty.
They both ran away.
They both reached for the same book.
They both reached for their phones.
They both reached into their pockets at the same time.
They both reached the same conclusion.
They both reacted.
They both read the Quran.
They both relaxed.
They both rolled on the ground.
They both rose up, pushed Vasilissa out of the house and locked the door, crying: "Thou shalt not come in till thou hast fetched the fire."
They both sang along.
They both sat down.
They both screamed.
They both seemed embarrassed for some reason.
They both seemed to be crying out inside: "how beautiful is he".
They both seemed to be having fun.
They both shared the same sense of humour.
They both signed the pre-nuptial agreement.
They both smile.
They both smiled.
They both smoked, for some seconds, in silence.
They both snickered.
They both speak Berber fluently.
They both speak Berber.
They both speak French well.
They both speak French.
They both speak fluent Berber.
They both speak perfect Berber.
They both spoke at the same time.
They both stared out of the window watching the snow fall.
They both started laughing.
They both stopped eating.
They both studied in Algeria.
They both threw bottles at each other.
They both traveled to Algeria.
They both turned and looked at Tom.
They both turned and stared at Tom.
They both turned to look at Tom.
They both walked out of their offices, carrying bulging briefcases.
They both want a child.
They both want the same thing.
They both want to be Muslims.
They both want to convert to Islam.
They both want to learn Berber.
They both want to learn more about Islam.
They both want to say something.
They both wanted to be Muslim.
They both wanted to become Muslim.
They both wanted to go and fight the dragon, but at last the twins agreed that George go and Albert stop at home and look after their father and mother, who had now grown old.
They both wanted to go.
They both wanted to marry the King’s daughter.
They both went away.
They both went into hiding after committing their crimes.
They both went to Algeria.
They both went to look out of the window.
They both went to the mosque.
They both went to the window to look outside.
They both wore the faces of someone who’d been smacked in the gut by a two-by-four.
They both work in a bank.
They both work.
They bother me.
They bothered me.
They bottled the beer.
They bottled the wine.
They bought Mary an expensive umbrella.
They bought Nuja’s restaurant.
They bought a basket of fruit.
They bought a blue car.
They bought a bottle of water.
They bought a box of cookies.
They bought a camera at a store not too far from here.
They bought a car.
They bought a cat.
They bought a cold treat at the store.
They bought a few pieces of furniture when they got married.
They bought a giant new house in the suburbs.
They bought a home with a pool.
They bought a house in Connemara last year.
They bought a house in the suburbs.
They bought a house last year in the place where we’re going on vacation.
They bought a house last year.
They bought a house on Park Street.
They bought a lot of food.
They bought a macaw.
They bought a new RV.
They bought a new car.
They bought a new computer yesterday.
They bought a new hotel.
They bought a new vacuum cleaner.
They bought a paper.
They bought a parrot.
They bought a pet bunny.
They bought a pet rabbit.
They bought a powerful car with money at the shop.
They bought a site with lovely views of the ocean.
They bought a small house.
They bought a wool hat.
They bought an apartment in the city.
They bought balloons.
They bought bread for me.
They bought burgers.
They bought cars and jewelry.
They bought coffee at the drive-thru.
They bought coffee from the café.
They bought everything they needed.
They bought everything they wanted.
They bought flowers for the event.
They bought groceries.
They bought him the bird for some spare change.
They bought it for an unbelievable sum.
They bought it.
They bought jewels and automobiles.
They bought new laces for their shoes.
They bought quite a few books.
They bought shoes.
They bought some books.
They bought some bread.
They bought something for Mary.
They bought something.
They bought that shirt.
They bought that.
They bought the books they needed.
They bought the hotel together.
They bought the same camera as you.
They bought the sweaters from a thrift store.
They bought the tickets yesterday.
They bought their children some toys.
They bought their children some writing implements for school.
They bought their grandson a bike for his birthday.
They bought themselves a microscope.
They bought themselves a new computer.
They bought themselves a new sports car.
They bought themselves a new truck.
They bought themselves a sports car.
They bought themselves microscopes.
They bought themselves new computers.
They bought themselves new saxophones.
They bought themselves new toothbrushes.
They bought themselves new trucks.
They bought themselves some sugar.
They bought themselves sports cars.
They bought themselves sweaters.
They bought themselves tickets.
They bought these shoes.
They bought this shop a few months ago.
They bought us a new table.
They bought used clothes.
They bought vegetables at the market.
They bought what they needed to buy.
They bought what they needed.
They bought what they wanted.
They bounced up and down.
They bound her legs together.
They bound him to a pole.
They bound his legs together.
They bound the prisoner's arms and legs.
They bound the prisoner’s arms and legs.
They bound the thief to a tree.
They bowed down.
They bowed their heads and prayed.
They braced for the gunfight.
They braced themselves.
They bragged about what they'd done.
They bragged.
They braid mats.
They braided each other's hair.
They braided the girls' hair.
They brainstorm regularly.
They brainwashed Silya.
They branded him as a liar.
They branded you a coward.
They braved the cold.
They braved the snow storm.
They brawled.
They break my heart anytime I see them.
They break the law.
They breastfed their babies.
They breastfeed their babies.
They breathed a sigh.
They breathed deeply.
They breed cattle and horses.
They breed sheep.
They brewed coffee for everyone here.
They brewed coffee in the kitchen.
They bribed the witness into silence.
They bring cloth from England.
They bring fresh ideas to the table.
They bring great presents to Caesar in Rome.
They bring some books to me.
They bring them up, they don't forget them.
They bring up their children in hardship.
They bring used cars from the U.K.
They broke Tom's skull.
They broke away the bars.
They broke betwixt them the thin broad-piece of gold.
They broke down part of the wall.
They broke down the house.
They broke down the old house.
They broke every rule in the book.
They broke her heart.
They broke his heart.
They broke in through the kitchen window.
They broke into her home and vandalized it.
They broke into laughter.
They broke into the cabin.
They broke into the jewelry shop.
They broke my soul.
They broke off their engagement.
They broke our hearts.
They broke out in a song and dance routine right then and there.
They broke out into spontaneous laughter.
They broke the branch accidentally.
They broke the car's window and took the bag.
They broke the car's window.
They broke the glass and the jug.
They broke the glasses.
They broke the law.
They broke the padlock and robbed all of the tools from the farm.
They broke the rules.
They broke the silence.
They broke the stove.
They broke the window.
They broke their backs lifting Moloch to Heaven!
They broke their own record.
They broke their own records.
They broke them.
They broke unwritten rules.
They broke up after 7 years of marriage.
They broke up because of rumors in the neighborhood that he was seeing someone.
They broke up long ago, but she hasn't forgotten him.
They broke up on Valentine's Day.
They broke up.
They brought Mina to the hospital.
They brought Skura along.
They brought Skura here.
They brought Tom down to the torture chamber.
They brought Tom in on a stretcher.
They brought a gift with them.
They brought apple from the tree.
They brought dinner.
They brought guns to the meeting.
They brought guns.
They brought her round with brandy.
They brought him a gift.
They brought it on themselves.
They brought me a basket with fresh fruit.
They brought me my order.
They brought me pizza.
They brought me some supplies.
They brought medical supplies.
They brought sand from the river.
They brought slaves and slaveholding traditions with them, and cultivated hemp and tobacco.
They brought solid fuel with them.
They brought tents, lawn chairs and coolers full of snacks and beverages, and plenty of umbrellas to protect against the elements, including a thunderstorm that lasted about an hour in the early evening.
They brought the dog inside.
They brought the fans.
They brought the money.
They brought the plates and put them on the table.
They brought the trouble to an end.
They brought their children with them.
They brought their computer.
They brought their daughter to school.
They brought their guests some drinks.
They brought theirs.
They brought them to me.
They brought this on themselves.
They brought this teapot from a trip they made to Japan.
They brought trouble on themselves.
They brought two dishes to the potluck.
They brought two liters of seltzer.
They brought umbrellas.
They brought up ten daughters!
They brought us a basket of fruit.
They brought us hope.
They brought us over here on a cruise ship.
They brush their teeth daily.
They brush their teeth twice a day.
They brushed me off.
They brushed the dirt off their jeans.
They brushed the dog's fur.
They brushed the snow from their coats.
They brushed the snow off their coats.
They brushed the snow off their hats.
They brushed their hair.
They brushed their horses.
They brushed their teeth.
They brutally murdered Mina.
They bubbled over with joy.
They bugged Tom's house.
They build alliances with other parties.
They build bridges between ideas.
They build each other up.
They build strong relationships through collaboration.
They build stronger connections.
They build their house for themselves.
They built a bridge across the river.
They built a bridge.
They built a factory in Algeria.
They built a fence around the farm.
They built a foundation based on loyalty.
They built a foundation based on trust.
They built a friendship that could withstand anything.
They built a friendship that stood the test of time.
They built a hideous new building in our village.
They built a house for Yidir.
They built a house in Kabylie.
They built a house made of wood.
They built a large plant to manufacture automobiles.
They built a lasting partnership.
They built a mosque.
They built a new bridge across the river.
They built a new factory across the river the year before last.
They built a relationship founded on faithfulness.
They built a relationship founded on loyalty.
They built a relationship founded on mutual respect.
They built a relationship founded on trust.
They built a rocket to explore space.
They built a safe building for earthquakes.
They built a sandcastle on the beach.
They built a ship like no other.
They built a small village on an island.
They built a snowman during winter.
They built a snowman together.
They built a snowman.
They built a strong foundation of trust.
They built a strong foundation together.
They built a town in an area where two rivers met.
They built a tree house for their children.
They built a two and a half meter high fence around her house.
They built a two and a half meter high fence around their house.
They built a wooden bridge to cross the river.
They built an asylum for the blind.
They built an enormous mosque.
They built an extension to the office.
They built bigger and better ships.
They built fences to keep people and animals out.
They built houses out of wood.
They built it.
They built mosques and prisons.
They built shelters for survivors.
They built the first electric car.
They built the house themselves.
They built the new town of Sidi Abdellah near the town of Zeralda.
They built the ship in accordance with the plans.
They built the walls of the fortress without using cement at all.
They built their empire in Peru about five hundred years ago.
They built this cabin by themselves.
They built this doghouse by themselves.
They built this kennel by themselves.
They built this library in 2013.
They built tools for deep sea diving.
They built up twenty-five stories on one side and thirty-five stories on the other.
They bullied me.
They bullied other children.
They bullied their classmates.
They bumped against each other.
They bumped into something rock solid.
They bundled off in anger.
They buried her dead husband.
They buried her.
They buried him in his grave.
They buried him in the graveyard by the church.
They buried him.
They buried it.
They buried them.
They buried those who had died in battle according to military tradition.
They buried us alive.
They buried us but they forgot we are seeds.
They burned Kabylia.
They burned all of their old books.
They burned all of their possessions.
They burned all the documents.
They burned bridges and pulled up railroad tracks.
They burned centenary olive trees.
They burned our land and also took our children to prison.
They burned our mosque to the ground.
They burned some coal.
They burned the captured supplies.
They burned the food.
They burned the paper.
They burned their clothes.
They burned their report cards.
They burned themselves on the stove.
They burned themselves.
They burned.
They burnt down every house.
They burnt the hotel down.
They burped loudly.
They burst into tears.
They burst into the hospital room.
They burst out into a storm of abuse.
They burst out laughing.
They burst the door open.
They bury the coffins on the hill, and one of them always stays behind and keeps watch.
They butchered our cows.
They buttered their toast.
They buttoned their coats.
They buttoned up their coats.
They buy bread.
They buy from us.
They buy the rugs from the villagers and sell them to shops in Marrakesh and other tourist hubs.
They buy these goods cheaply overseas and then mark them up to resell at home.
They buy things for no reason at all.
They buy us vegetables.
They buy used clothes.
They buy vegetables at the supermarket.
They by the path their forward steps pursued, / and climbed a hill, whose fronting summit frowned / steep o'er the town.
They calculated each other.
They calculated their expenses.
They calculated there are about 36 advanced civilizations in the Milky Way.
They calculated.
They call Paris the City of Lights, but Las Vegas may be more deserving of that title.
They call Robert "Bob".
They call bikes "Velos" in Switzerland.
They call each other almost every day.
They call each other names.
They call each other.
They call her Lena.
They call him Bruce.
They call him Jim.
They call him Mr. Gluten behind his back.
They call him Tom.
They call him lazy.
They call him the Pushkin of Second Avenue.
They call him the brave.
They call him the greatest artist who ever lived.
They call it "Gold-going Week".
They call it a Royale with cheese.
They call it an English grammar book; I call it an arduous, soul-draining and depressing experience pushing the limits of human patience.
They call it linguistic corruption, I call it the result of our beautiful melting pot culture.
They call it suicide by carbohydrates, but I call it pizza.
They call it the empty forest syndrome because there’s simply nothing left anymore. You can walk around for a long time and you don’t hear or see anything.
They call me Big Ziri.
They call me Bob.
They call me Figaro because I eat so many figs everyday.
They call me Kenji.
They call me Mister Tibbs!
They call me Tom.
They call me Yidir in the village.
They call me Ziri.
They call me a tart.
They call me an army whore.
They call me captain.
They call me lairy Mary.
They call me.
They call their family daily.
They call them "the sisters."
They call them Greeks.
They call themselves "Muslims."
They call themselves civilized, but they're just as savage as those they call barbarians.
They call themselves the Dragons.
They call this "adrar," mountain in Berber.
They call this colour "midnight blue".
They call this planet 'Earth'.
They call this shabby chic.
They call us Russians.
They call us problem children.
They call us the At Oukaci.
They call women who make a hobby out of collecting Chanel goods "Chanellers".
They call you "the actresses".
They call you Indians.
They call you Sue.
They call you Tom.
They called British supporters Tories.
They called Greeley a fool and a traitor.
They called John "King John".
They called Mina again.
They called Mom and Dad from the hospital.
They called Nuja.
They called President Roosevelt a pirate.
They called Skura back.
They called Tom "the mouse."
They called Tom for the help.
They called a special convention.
They called again.
They called an Uber home.
They called an ambulance.
They called around to many hospitals to locate Tom.
They called down the wrath of God upon the heads of their enemies.
They called each other names.
They called for an end to the fighting.
They called for reinforcements.
They called for violence against Muslims.
They called from school.
They called her obdurate, and indeed she was the most stubborn member of the opposition.
They called him Little Tuk, but it was not his real name.
They called him a coward.
They called him a traitor.
They called him.
They called home.
They called in a doctor because the child was ill.
They called in at their uncle's house for an hour.
They called in at their uncle’s house for an hour.
They called it a massacre.
They called it mass murder.
They called it that way.
They called me and said there was a problem.
They called me.
They called my name.
They called off their engagement.
They called off their trip.
They called off their trips.
They called off their visit to London.
They called on him to provide evidence.
They called on us to do something to help the victims.
They called security.
They called the boy Tom.
They called the candidate's eligibility into question.
They called the dog Cookie.
They called the dog Rocky.
They called the dog Shiro.
They called the neighbors.
They called the police on Nuja.
They called the police to their house.
They called the psychiatrist and asked what they should do.
They called the rangers.
They called the same witness to court.
They called the school board.
They called the tattoo parlor.
They called the vet, since there was no other doctor in the village.
They called the village New Amsterdam.
They called their lawyer.
They called their lawyers.
They called their new country the Republic of Liberia.
They called their parents.
They called their sister.
They called their son John.
They called their son Tom.
They called them scalawags.
They called them scallywags.
They called them traitors.
They called to say that they'd be late.
They called to say they'd be late.
They called to tell me that they'd be late.
They called to tell me they'd be late.
They called us.
They called you in the kitchen.
They called you.
They called.
They calmed down.
They calmly poured themselves drinks.
They came across one another in the city.
They came all the way from Brazil.
They came along.
They came and knocked on my door – which was a surprise – introducing themselves as Chris, Jocelyn, and Robin.
They came and set up their camp on Vladimir's land.
They came and took a bath.
They came around to it.
They came around.
They came as soon as we called them.
They came at an inconvenient time.
They came at just the right time.
They came back downstairs.
They came back early.
They came back empty-handed.
They came back from Kabylie, Algeria.
They came back from Korea.
They came back from the cinema together.
They came back from the dead.
They came back last Wednesday.
They came back to Adekkar.
They came back to see Mom.
They came back to the library.
They came back.
They came behind us.
They came by Route 17.
They came by earlier.
They came by themselves.
They came by two large cities on the country.
They came close to us.
They came closer.
They came downstairs in their pajamas.
They came downstairs.
They came early so they wouldn't miss the prelude.
They came early so they wouldn’t miss the prelude.
They came even though it was raining.
They came first.
They came for Tom.
They came from Algeria.
They came from Tizi Ouzou.
They came from all over the world to make their homes in this new land, which was thinly populated by native Indians.
They came from far away.
They came from somewhere else.
They came from the left.
They came from the middle of the country.
They came from the other side of the world.
They came from the sky.
They came from the south of France.
They came hand in hand.
They came here by themselves.
They came here looking for a better life.
They came here on their own.
They came here one after another.
They came here to ask us to help them.
They came here yesterday.
They came home and did their homework.
They came home crying.
They came home from school just now.
They came home from school.
They came home from work.
They came home late.
They came home quickly.
They came home.
They came immediately.
They came in a flying saucer and took Tom.
They came in dog-tired after sightseeing all day.
They came in first.
They came in for a lot of criticism for doing that.
They came in for a lot of criticism over doing that.
They came in full force.
They came in one after another.
They came in one by one.
They came in sight of the building.
They came in spite of the rain.
They came in such great numbers: all of them, big and small.
They came in the morning, sat down for a while and said they were going to leave Shanghai in the afternoon.
They came in the nick of time.
They came in the summer.
They came in.
They came inside.
They came into the group.
They came into the house.
They came into the store.
They came last week.
They came last.
They came late.
They came on Monday and left again the next day.
They came on Monday, and left again the following day.
They came on Monday, leaving again the following day.
They came on their own.
They came on time for a change.
They came out for a stroll on the seafront.
They came out of nowhere.
They came out of the bunker.
They came out of their hiding place.
They came out of their hiding places.
They came out on the other side.
They came out well.
They came out.
They came outside.
They came over after school.
They came over.
They came prepared.
They came presently to our rescue.
They came round about.
They came rowing towards shore in a rowboat.
They came running and started to clean the mess.
They came running to us.
They came running.
They came this way.
They came to Algeria from Spain in 2004.
They came to Algeria.
They came to Bangladesh as part of the Japan-Bangladesh exchange program.
They came to John and told him.
They came to Kabylie.
They came to Tom with a request.
They came to a copse of trees at the edge of the field.
They came to a large stone, and here the old fellow stopped, looked carefully round, gave a sharp whistle, and stamped three times on the ground with his left foot. Suddenly there appeared under the stone a secret door, which led to what looked like the mouth of a cave.
They came to an agreement.
They came to an understanding.
They came to ask for peace.
They came to blows.
They came to congratulate me on my son's wedding.
They came to deliver the car.
They came to drop the kids off.
They came to fight us.
They came to kill me.
They came to love each other.
They came to make peace.
They came to our aid at once.
They came to our assistance.
They came to our rescue at once.
They came to pick the kids up in a helicopter.
They came to pick the money up.
They came to pick up the check.
They came to pick up the flowers.
They came to play.
They came to praise the many scientists who dedicated more than two decades of their lives to create the most powerful atom smasher in the world, a machine they believe will unlock many secrets of the universe.
They came to redeem their jewellery.
They came to rehearsal.
They came to rob us of everything valuable.
They came to school in their own car.
They came to school on a train.
They came to school.
They came to see Mom after work.
They came to see me.
They came to spread the word of their Muslim faith.
They came to take Rima to the airport.
They came to teach the kids a lesson.
They came to tell me.
They came to terms with each other on how to start a joint venture.
They came to terms with the union leaders.
They came to terms with their enemy.
They came to the conclusion that the ship must have sunk.
They came to the hospital to inquire after me.
They came to the mosque.
They came to the place that was revealed to him by God, and he there erected an altar in the ancient manner, and the wood was arranged just as he wanted to have it happen for his son's burning after he slayed him.
They came to the school.
They came to the shop to look for some things.
They came to the shop to return some stuff.
They came to the store.
They came to their senses.
They came to us with a proposal.
They came to visit me here in Algeria.
They came to visit me.
They came to visit the underground prisons where the slaves died.
They came to work in Australia so they could save up and then go on vacation in Asia.
They came together.
They came up with a next-generation computer.
They came up with a plan after a long discussion.
They came up.
They came upon him while he was watching television.
They came upon me at my residence.
They came upstairs.
They came walking arm in arm.
They came while we were sleeping.
They came with bag and baggage.
They came with kit and caboodle.
They came with kith and kin.
They came with their friends.
They came with their parents.
They came with us.
They came yesterday.
They came.
They camp often.
They campaign for economic reform.
They campaigned for racial equality.
They camped at the water's edge.
They camped at the water’s edge.
They camped by the river for the night.
They camped here.
They camped on the beach.
They camped under the stars.
They can add a literal translation.
They can add something if they wish.
They can afford it.
They can all shoot.
They can already write their own names.
They can always ask me for help.
They can arrive at any moment.
They can barely feed their families.
They can barely make a cake.
They can barely pay their rent.
They can barely speak English.
They can be as small as a pea in size.
They can be found around the world in temperate and tropical oceans.
They can be helpful when they want to.
They can be legitimate, but I wonder how useful they are.
They can be trusted to a certain extent.
They can be understood, too.
They can be useful.
They can because they think they can.
They can blame no one but themselves.
They can burn more easily.
They can buy whatever they want.
They can carry on their conversation tomorrow.
They can carry their own weight.
They can catch the bus.
They can cause kidney failure.
They can cause liver failure.
They can change.
They can come here with their children.
They can come on Monday or Tuesday, but not on Wednesday or Thursday.
They can come with us if they want to.
They can come, too, if they want to.
They can come.
They can communicate using hand signs.
They can conquer their fear.
They can cook.
They can crawl.
They can dance fairly well, can't they?
They can dance.
They can deposit checks with the banking app.
They can do anything they want to do.
They can do anything they want to.
They can do anything they want.
They can do anything.
They can do it if they try.
They can do it if they want.
They can do it, can't they?
They can do it.
They can do that another weekend.
They can do that any way they like.
They can do that anywhere they choose.
They can do that anywhere they want.
They can do that by themselves now.
They can do that by themselves.
They can do that however they like.
They can do that if they like.
They can do that if they try.
They can do that if they want to.
They can do that if they want.
They can do that on their own.
They can do that themselves.
They can do that wherever they choose.
They can do that wherever they want.
They can do that, can't they?
They can do that.
They can do their outdoor activities in the park, in the shade of the large trees.
They can do this.
They can do what they like.
They can do what they want to do.
They can do whatever they please.
They can do whatever they want.
They can draw.
They can drive, can't they?
They can ear two hundred dollars in less than an hour.
They can easily tell that the two balls have the same weight.
They can eat anything they want.
They can eat as much as they want.
They can explore the area.
They can find it at a bookstore.
They can finish their homework after dinner.
They can fish.
They can fix the heater.
They can get home by themselves.
They can go if they want to.
They can go to jail.
They can go whenever they like.
They can go wherever they like.
They can go with you if they like.
They can go.
They can handle it themselves.
They can handle it.
They can handle that by themselves.
They can harm them.
They can have anything they want.
They can have everything they want.
They can have it.
They can have many friends.
They can have the van ready in a week.
They can have whatever they want.
They can help each other.
They can help us escape.
They can help.
They can hire anyone they want to.
They can interbreed.
They can join us if they want.
They can keep the house.
They can kill me.
They can laugh or want to laugh, I've completed my task.
They can laugh.
They can leave early if they want to.
They can leave if they want to.
They can leave if they want.
They can leave.
They can make the same product much more cheaply.
They can make their language sound like English.
They can manage.
They can mock if they wish, I do not care.
They can mock us all they like, we do not care one bit.
They can neither read nor write.
They can never achieve that any other way than by force.
They can never be honest about what they're actually objecting to.
They can never tell.
They can no longer do their jobs.
They can not continue without Tom.
They can not meet without quarreling with each other.
They can not use this washing machine.
They can now do that by themselves.
They can offer something else.
They can only be seen on moonless nights.
They can only do what they are capable of.
They can only go so far with their investigation.
They can open the window.
They can operate a crane.
They can overcome their fear.
They can overcome their fears.
They can pass time with this computer.
They can pet the dog.
They can play music.
They can play the guitar.
They can play.
They can produce the same goods at a far lower cost.
They can produce the same goods cheaper.
They can produce the same goods much cheaper.
They can produce those goods for much cheaper.
They can protect themselves.
They can put your rent up.
They can raise your rent.
They can read, can't they?
They can read.
They can repair computers.
They can reproduce like mice.
They can rest as long as they want to.
They can rest as long as they want.
They can resurrect the dead using sorcery.
They can resurrect the dead.
They can run.
They can say that a cat is a small tiger just as we can say that a tiger is a gigantic cat.
They can say their word now.
They can say what they want to say.
They can say what they want.
They can see a house.
They can sense the approach of cold weather.
They can shop at the thrift store.
They can sing it in Berber.
They can sing well.
They can sing.
They can sit wherever they like.
They can ski as well as their brother.
They can speak Berber.
They can speak English.
They can speak French, can't they?
They can speak French.
They can speak German.
They can speak Kabyle.
They can speak Spanish.
They can speak a smattering of Spanish.
They can speak both Berber and Arabic.
They can speak.
They can spend the whole night talking about cars.
They can start.
They can stay as long as they like.
They can stay as long as they want to.
They can stay here until tomorrow.
They can stay if they want to.
They can stay if they want.
They can stay with me if they want.
They can stay with us if they like.
They can stay with us if they want to.
They can stay with us.
They can stay.
They can still accomplish their goals, I think.
They can still change their minds.
They can still take care of themselves.
They can stop now.
They can swim, can't they?
They can swim.
They can switch from Basque to Catalan without even thinking.
They can take a break if they want.
They can take anything they want.
They can take care of themselves now.
They can take care of themselves.
They can take on countless forms.
They can talk.
They can technically vote for whoever they want.
They can tell her not to worry.
They can think and speak.
They can think what they want about that.
They can trust Tom.
They can trust her.
They can try.
They can type.
They can understand everything I am saying.
They can understand everything I'm saying.
They can understand everything he is saying.
They can understand everything he's saying.
They can understand everything she is saying.
They can understand everything she's saying.
They can understand everything we are saying.
They can understand everything we're saying.
They can understand me.
They can use Dad’s computer tonight.
They can use our bicycles if they want.
They can use the new TV.
They can vouch for Tom.
They can vouch for her.
They can vouch for him.
They can wait over there.
They can wait.
They can walk.
They can wear anything they want.
They can work things out.
They can work.
They can write.
They can't abandon you.
They can't act.
They can't afford a holiday.
They can't afford a wedding without Dad's help.
They can't afford another messup.
They can't afford designer stuff.
They can't afford it.
They can't afford to be late.
They can't all be bad.
They can't all be full.
They can't and they don't want to adapt themselves to the customs of Christian Europe.
They can't assist you if you don't have your receipt.
They can't avoid the traffic.
They can't ban the flag.
They can't be defeated.
They can't be identified yet.
They can't be ignored.
They can't be more than five minutes away.
They can't be right.
They can't be serious.
They can't be stopped.
They can't be together.
They can't believe it.
They can't believe what they just saw.
They can't believe.
They can't blame anyone but themselves.
They can't both be right.
They can't breathe on their own.
They can't bring themselves to say no.
They can't censor the Internet.
They can't come because they're sick.
They can't comfort each other.
They can't conceal the truth.
They can't continue without Tom.
They can't control their children.
They can't control their emotions.
They can't cope with the stress.
They can't count on Tom's help.
They can't dance.
They can't destroy them.
They can't do anything at this time.
They can't do anything by themselves.
They can't do anything else.
They can't do anything right, can they?
They can't do anything to stop us.
They can't do anything.
They can't do everything by themselves.
They can't do it all by themselves.
They can't do it all on their own.
They can't do it all themselves.
They can't do it by themselves.
They can't do that by themselves.
They can't do that on their own.
They can't do that themselves.
They can't do that, can they?
They can't do that.
They can't do this.
They can't drive a car.
They can't drive cars.
They can't eat it all themselves.
They can't eat meat because they're vegetarians.
They can't escape.
They can't even find Kabylie on a map and they're lecturing people about the future of this Algerian region.
They can't fight forever.
They can't find anyone to help them.
They can't find their bags.
They can't find their keys.
They can't find their shoes.
They can't find their tickets.
They can't find their watches.
They can't fire me.
They can't fire you.
They can't fix everything by themselves.
They can't fool me.
They can't forget that.
They can't get anything past Dad.
They can't get away.
They can't get close because of the smoke.
They can't get enough of each other.
They can't get home by themselves.
They can't get in.
They can't get out.
They can't get text messages in flight or can they?
They can't get the upper hand.
They can't get their car to start.
They can't get their cars to start.
They can't get used to their new school.
They can't give me what I want.
They can't go anywhere by themselves.
They can't go on without Tom.
They can't go today.
They can't handle reality.
They can't happen again.
They can't have done it by themselves.
They can't have done that by themselves.
They can't have fired Tom.
They can't have gone far.
They can't have gone out because the light's on.
They can't have lost the game.
They can't hear me either.
They can't hear me, either.
They can't hear you.
They can't help but sputter excuses for their sorry behavior.
They can't help the way they are.
They can't help themselves.
They can't help you until after 2:30.
They can't help.
They can't hide the truth.
They can't hold their liquor.
They can't hurt me.
They can't hurt you now.
They can't hurt you.
They can't imagine each other without each other.
They can't just do anything they want.
They can't just do whatever they want.
They can't keep spending money like this.
They can't keep their hands off each other.
They can't kill us.
They can't leave Mom alone.
They can't leave tomorrow.
They can't live without each other.
They can't make me do that.
They can't make their own decisions.
They can't make up their mind.
They can't make us go.
They can't manage on their own.
They can't move as fast as Mary.
They can't play basketball.
They can't play.
They can't possibly be that stupid.
They can't possibly work. They are all fake.
They can't protect us forever.
They can't push us around.
They can't read a single word on that prescription.
They can't read without their glasses.
They can't really own this house anymore.
They can't replace Dad.
They can't replace you.
They can't reproduce.
They can't run as fast as they used to.
They can't run.
They can't sack you.
They can't say you didn't warn Tom.
They can't see Tom.
They can't see beyond the end of their noses.
They can't see her.
They can't see him.
They can't see it.
They can't see me.
They can't see well.
They can't see without their glasses.
They can't see you.
They can't seem to help themselves.
They can't sell those old hot dogs.
They can't shout. They died long ago.
They can't sleep here.
They can't sleep.
They can't speak French, can they?
They can't speak Korean.
They can't speak freely.
They can't speak openly.
They can't spend the night here.
They can't stand it.
They can't stand passionfruit, but I think it's delicious.
They can't stand the idea of me being successful.
They can't start without me.
They can't stay here by themselves.
They can't stop her.
They can't stop him.
They can't stop it.
They can't stop laughing.
They can't stop me.
They can't stop us now.
They can't stop us.
They can't stop you.
They can't study Berber anymore.
They can't sustain this kind of war.
They can't swim very well, can they?
They can't swim.
They can't take over.
They can't take that away from us.
They can't take the kids.
They can't talk right now.
They can't talk to Dad about these things.
They can't tell us what to do.
They can't tie their own shoes yet.
They can't tie their own shoes.
They can't tie their shoes by themselves.
They can't touch me.
They can't touch their toes.
They can't track us anymore.
They can't type.
They can't understand, however, how inaccessible these areas are.
They can't uninvite those guests.
They can't wait to arrive.
They can't walk any further.
They can't walk on their own yet.
They can't watch Doctor Who now.
They can't win a war.
They can't win against Mina.
They can't win and they know it.
They can't win.
They can't with that heat.
They can't work.
They canceled Yanni's card.
They canceled Ziri's conference.
They canceled everything.
They canceled it again.
They canceled lunch.
They canceled the farewell dinner.
They canceled the festival.
They canceled the press conference.
They canceled the show.
They canceled the wedding.
They canceled their appointment.
They canceled their appointments.
They canceled their trip.
They canceled their trips.
They canceled.
They cancelled Tom's book.
They cancelled the concert due to the rain, but we had a good time anyway.
They cancelled the festival.
They cancelled the meeting.
They cancelled the show.
They cancelled.
They canned the fruits to preserve them.
They cannot act.
They cannot afford a holiday.
They cannot allow themselves to buy a new car. They're up to their necks in debt.
They cannot and would not conceal the truth.
They cannot be governed.
They cannot be omitted!
They cannot be saved.
They cannot be too careful about spelling.
They cannot be trusted at all.
They cannot be trusted.
They cannot dance.
They cannot defend themselves.
They cannot do any harm.
They cannot do that endlessly.
They cannot do without camels in this country.
They cannot drive a car.
They cannot escape the traps of their own religion.
They cannot fail to reach an agreement.
They cannot get the operating system to work.
They cannot have done such a thing.
They cannot have gone out, because the light is on.
They cannot have their cake and eat it.
They cannot imagine living with Tom under one roof.
They cannot laugh at him.
They cannot laugh at me.
They cannot laugh at us.
They cannot lift the piano alone.
They cannot prevail.
They cannot put their own house in order.
They cannot resolve their differences without fighting.
They cannot sleep.
They cannot stand Tom.
They cannot stay up late.
They cannot stop her.
They cannot stop him.
They cannot stop it.
They cannot stop me.
They cannot stop us.
They cannot succeed.
They cannot wait to see us.
They can’t assist you if you don’t have your receipt.
They can’t avoid the traffic.
They can’t get used to the new school.
They can’t have gone out because the light’s on.
They can’t have lost the game.
They can’t procreate any more since the last male Northern White Rhino, named Sudan, died last year.
They can’t prove that to the police.
They can’t start their import business without a letter of credit.
They capitulated unconditionally.
They captured Fort Sumter after two days.
They captured Rome in June of 1944.
They captured Tom and handed him over to the police.
They captured Tom.
They captured a giraffe.
They captured a small giraffe.
They captured an American fort in northern Michigan.
They captured foxes with snares.
They captured her.
They captured him.
They captured more than three hundred British trade ships.
They captured that base.
They captured the great Belgian port of Antwerp.
They care about their health.
They care more about the game than the test.
They cared for the dog.
They carefully took off their masks.
They carelessly waste our money.
They caress the pussycat.
They carpool together.
They carried Mina.
They carried a map with them in case they should lose their way.
They carried forward the struggle.
They carried him to a nearby house.
They carried on talking even after the teacher came in.
They carried on the summit conference till late.
They carried on with the construction in the face of strong opposition from the residents.
They carried on with the plan in spite of strong objections to it.
They carried on working from morning till night.
They carried on.
They carried out a new chemistry experiment.
They carried out a new experiment in chemistry.
They carried out several bodies after the explosion.
They carried out the captain's order to the letter.
They carried out the captain’s order to the letter.
They carried out the plan right away.
They carried out the project.
They carried out their mission without the least difficulty.
They carried out what was in their power to do.
They carried sand from the river.
They carried the boats almost thirty kilometers.
They carried the boxes upstairs.
They carried the injured man by car to the hospital.
They carried the injured man out on a stretcher.
They carried the injured player away on a stretcher.
They carried water in buckets.
They carry everything by hand.
They carry firearms.
They carry guns because it gives them a sense of power.
They carry the light of hope within them.
They carry the strength of their ancestors.
They carry the weight of their history.
They carved their names in the willow's bark.
They carved their names into the bark of the willow tree.
They carved their names into the willow's bark.
They cashed in on the second oil crisis.
They cast David as a transphobe.
They cast a worried glance at each other.
They cast bronze into a statue.
They cast furtive glances at one another.
They catch a lot of speeders around here.
They caught Mary and Tom having sex at the back of the bus.
They caught Tom.
They caught a bear alive.
They caught a bus.
They caught a huge giraffe.
They caught a lion alive.
They caught a lot of fish at the river.
They caught butterflies with a net.
They caught five butterflies.
They caught foxes with traps.
They caught her.
They caught him in the act.
They caught him playing a trick on his sister.
They caught him smoking in the bathroom.
They caught him stealing money.
They caught him stealing.
They caught him.
They caught me by surprise.
They caught me with my pants down.
They caught me.
They caught my eyes.
They caught on early.
They caught sight of the man among the crowd of people.
They caught sight of their best friend.
They caught the ball.
They caught the bus.
They caught the first train to the city.
They caught the fox with a trap.
They caught the intruder.
They caught the lion alive.
They caught the robbers red-handed.
They caught three fish yesterday.
They caught up with him at the entrance.
They caught up with us half an hour later.
They caught up with us later.
They caught up with us quickly.
They caught us by surprise.
They caught wind of that.
They caught wind of the merger before it was announced.
They caused Dad's heart attack.
They caused Tom to change his mind.
They caused a traffic jam on the bridge.
They caused an untold amount of death and destruction.
They caused embarrassment to the family.
They caused this.
They caused us big problems.
They celebrate Christmas with presents.
They celebrate birthdays together.
They celebrate small victories.
They celebrate their birthdays.
They celebrate their victories together.
They celebrated Sandra's success in getting a promotion.
They celebrated Vladimir's graduation with a party.
They celebrated at home.
They celebrated birthdays at the café.
They celebrated her achievements.
They celebrated his birthday with a big party.
They celebrated his success by opening a bottle of wine.
They celebrated it with a meal.
They celebrated the completion of his high school years.
They celebrated their birthday.
They celebrated with a giant cake.
They certainly enjoy their wine.
They certainly got noticed.
They certainly know what they're doing.
They certainly look like they're rich.
They certainly think they're clever.
They chained themselves to lamp posts.
They chained themselves to trees.
They challenge conventional wisdom.
They challenge each other to improve.
They change everything.
They change their minds a lot.
They change their minds all the time.
They change their passwords often.
They changed Tom's mind.
They changed all the names in the area.
They changed clothes.
They changed color.
They changed into their Kabyle dresses.
They changed into their school uniforms.
They changed into their swimsuits.
They changed into their uniforms.
They changed it very recently.
They changed jobs.
They changed my meds.
They changed our minds.
They changed some rules for the worse.
They changed the locks on their doors.
They changed the meeting room.
They changed the photo.
They changed the rule.
They changed the system.
They changed the tire.
They changed the world.
They changed their clothes.
They changed their names.
They changed their passwords.
They changed their plan.
They changed their plans.
They changed their religion.
They changed their tactics.
They changed.
They charge tax on liquor in the U.S.
They charge too much for parking.
They charge you if you have your lights off.
They charged Tom a late payment fee.
They charged me a table charge.
They charged me five dollars for the bag.
They charged me for the broken window.
They charged me thirty dollars to fix my bicycle.
They charged me too much.
They charged me with the important task.
They charged us more than we expected.
They charted a course to the stars.
They chartered a bus for the firm's outing.
They chartered a bus for the firm’s outing.
They chartered planes to airlift their employees.
They chase each other.
They chased Nuja.
They chased after their dog.
They chased after their dogs.
They chased him away.
They chased me.
They chased others away.
They chased the man to arrest him.
They chatted a little bit more and then said goodbye.
They chatted about the weather.
They chatted animatedly over cups of steaming tea.
They chatted at the café table.
They chatted for a moment.
They chatted in broken Arabic and Berber.
They chatted on the phone all day long.
They chatted over coffee for more than two hours.
They chatted with each other to pass the time.
They chattered excitedly about their upcoming vacation.
They chattered.
They cheat and lie to us.
They cheat.
They cheated in poker.
They cheated me.
They cheated on their wives.
They cheated the workers out of money.
They check the news daily.
They checked how pure the water was.
They checked our briefcase at customs.
They checked that.
They checked the cameras.
They checked the door.
They checked the link.
They checked the machine for defects.
They checked the oil.
They checked the windows.
They checked their pockets.
They checked their shirts.
They checked their watches.
They checked to see if the machine was defective.
They checked whether the room was empty.
They cheered and clapped.
They cheered as his train passed.
They cheered for Mom.
They cheered for her during the game.
They cheered for their sports teams.
They cheered for their teammate.
They cheered loudly.
They cheered the young Americans.
They cheered.
They cherish the common language jazz gives them.
They cherish their own identity, their own language and their own cultural heritage.
They cherished one another.
They chop wood every day.
They chopped a tree down.
They chopped down all the withered trees.
They chopped down the branch with axes.
They chopped down the dead trees.
They chopped off the chicken's head.
They chopped some onions.
They chopped the dead trees down.
They chose John as the captain of the team.
They chose John to be the captain of the team.
They chose Peter as captain.
They chose Tom as their leader.
They chose a place to found a city.
They chose blue for the theme.
They chose books for their summer reading.
They chose correctly.
They chose dark colors.
They chose him as their representative.
They chose him for their leader.
They chose him to be section head.
They chose me for that.
They chose me.
They chose the same course of studies.
They chose to build strong stone walls around the city.
They chose to embrace Islam.
They churned fresh butter.
They circled the wagons for protection.
They claim it's independence day today.
They claim that all their products are environmentally friendly.
They claim that all their products are friendly to the environment.
They claim that doesn't bother them.
They claim that iodized salt is healthy.
They claim that next summer will be the hottest of the century.
They claim that prices will go down if production increases.
They claim that they acted in self defense.
They claim that they can do that.
They claim that they can see the future.
They claim that they can speak French.
They claim that they can swim.
They claim that they did that.
They claim that they didn't cry.
They claim that they didn't do it.
They claim that they didn't do that, but the evidence suggests otherwise.
They claim that they didn't do that.
They claim that they don't remember.
They claim that they had second thoughts.
They claim that they have psychic powers.
They claim that they have telepathic powers.
They claim that they haven't been paid yet.
They claim that they haven't yet been paid.
They claim that they saw the accident.
They claim that they were born in 2013.
They claim that they won.
They claim that they're happy.
They claim that they're innocent.
They claim that they're rich.
They claim that they're telepathic.
They claim that they're unbiased.
They claim that they've already done that.
They claim that they've done that already.
They claim that they've done that.
They claim that they've never done that.
They claim that they've taught French.
They claim they acted in self defense.
They claim they are Arabized Berbers.
They claim they are of Berber ancestry.
They claim they can do that.
They claim they can see the future.
They claim they can speak French.
They claim they can swim.
They claim they did that.
They claim they didn't cry.
They claim they didn't do it.
They claim they didn't do that.
They claim they don't remember.
They claim they had second thoughts.
They claim they have psychic powers.
They claim they have telepathic powers.
They claim they haven't been paid yet.
They claim they haven't yet been paid.
They claim they saw the accident.
They claim they were born in 2013.
They claim they were brainwashed.
They claim they were busy.
They claim they were drunk at the time.
They claim they were misquoted.
They claim they won.
They claim they're Canadians.
They claim they're happy.
They claim they're innocent.
They claim they're rich.
They claim they're telepathic.
They claim they're unbiased.
They claim they've already done that.
They claim they've done that already.
They claim they've done that.
They claim they've never done that.
They claim they've taught French.
They claim this medicine is safe.
They claimed credit for tax reduction.
They claimed it was a secular group, but then a Christian pastor came and gave an invocation before the annual meeting.
They claimed that Harrison could not read or write.
They claimed that he'd killed her.
They claimed that he’d killed her.
They claimed that my mom wasn't going to die, but it wasn't true.
They claimed that my name had been inadvertently eliminated from the voter registration list.
They claimed that they acted alone.
They claimed that they could do that.
They claimed that they did that.
They claimed that they didn't cry.
They claimed that they didn't do it.
They claimed that they didn't do that.
They claimed that they left early.
They claimed that they saw a UFO.
They claimed that they tried to do that.
They claimed that they were innocent.
They claimed that they won.
They claimed that they'd been brainwashed.
They claimed that they've done that.
They claimed that they've never done that.
They claimed they acted alone.
They claimed they could do that.
They claimed they did that.
They claimed they didn't cry.
They claimed they didn't do it.
They claimed they didn't do that.
They claimed they left early.
They claimed they saw a UFO.
They claimed they tried to do that.
They claimed they were innocent.
They claimed they weren't afraid.
They claimed they weren't guilty.
They claimed they weren't paid.
They claimed they won.
They claimed they'd been brainwashed.
They claimed they've done that.
They claimed they've never done that.
They clamored emphatically against the nuclear tests.
They clapped enthusiastically at the end of the performance.
They clapped excitedly.
They clapped their hands together.
They clapped their hands.
They clapped until the pianist played an encore.
They clapped.
They clashed with each other.
They clashed with one another.
They clawed one another.
They clean the house daily.
They clean their rooms every Monday.
They cleaned everything, from the basement to the attic.
They cleaned out their bedroom closets.
They cleaned that up.
They cleaned the dirty tables.
They cleaned the entire house.
They cleaned the fish.
They cleaned the house by themselves.
They cleaned the house.
They cleaned the stables.
They cleaned the trash against the clinic wall.
They cleaned their room in a hurry.
They cleaned their rooms before dinner.
They cleaned their rooms in a hurry.
They cleaned their rooms last weekend.
They cleaned their rooms quickly.
They cleaned their rooms this morning.
They cleaned their rooms.
They cleared a path through the undergrowth.
They cleared the pavement of snow.
They cleared the road of snow.
They cleared the street of snow.
They cleared the streets of snow.
They cleared the underbrush.
They cleared their throats.
They clearly didn't want to be there.
They clearly enjoy each other's company.
They clearly had a lot on their minds.
They clearly have something different in mind.
They clearly knew something.
They clearly know it's serious.
They clearly pose no threat.
They clearly suffered here.
They clearly take this football thing seriously.
They clenched their fists.
They clenched their teeth.
They clicked the button without thinking.
They clicked.
They climbed Mt. Fuji last week.
They climbed a tree.
They climbed all day to find the source of the river.
They climbed down the tree.
They climbed on to the branch.
They climbed the boulder.
They climbed the mountain.
They climbed the rugged north face.
They climbed the tall tree.
They climbed to the clifftop.
They climbed to the next floor.
They climbed to the top branch.
They climbed to the top of a cliff.
They climbed to the top of the cliff.
They climbed up on the roof to clean the chimney.
They climbed up the jagged rocks.
They clinked glasses.
They clinked their glasses and drank.
They clipped his wings.
They close the door at five.
They close their eyes.
They closed all the doors.
They closed all the windows.
They closed down the ferry service since it was no longer economical.
They closed down their liquor store in Kabylie.
They closed every polling station within a 30-mile radius.
They closed every polling station within a 48-kilometer radius.
They closed my facebook account.
They closed school.
They closed that school.
They closed the curtains.
They closed the door behind them.
They closed the door on us.
They closed the door softly.
They closed the doors.
They closed the mental hospital down.
They closed the shop at five.
They closed the shop.
They closed their eyes and fell asleep.
They closed their eyes and made wishes.
They closed their eyes for a second.
They closed their eyes tightly.
They closed their eyes.
They closed their lockers.
They closed their mouths.
They closed their notebooks.
They closed their store.
They closed their textbooks.
They closed this entire length of coastline.
They closed up shop and left town.
They closed.
They clung together for warmth.
They clung together to maintain their body heat.
They clustered around the fire.
They coach Mina.
They coffined Tom.
They collaborate on a new project.
They collaborate on multimedia projects.
They collaborate to achieve more.
They collaborate to create innovative solutions.
They collaborate with famous producers.
They collaborate with musicians around the world.
They collaborated on a new album.
They collaborated.
They collect our garbage every Monday.
They collect our rubbish every Monday.
They collect the rubbish every Monday.
They collected a large sum of money.
They collected coffee cups.
They collected coffee mugs.
They collected guns.
They collected seashells on the beach.
They collected shells on the beach.
They collected swords.
They collected the money.
They collided with each other.
They combined forces to fight the enemy.
They combined their money to buy a present.
They come and go as they please.
They come back every summer.
They come by train there.
They come from Algeria.
They come from Algeria. So they are Algerian.
They come from Beijing.
They come from Sweden.
They come from a jungle planet.
They come from a rural town.
They come from all over Algeria, seeking a brighter future.
They come from all over.
They come from countries like Algeria and Morocco.
They come from many countries.
They come from the same city.
They come from the same country.
They come from the same town.
They come from the same village.
They come from the south of France.
They come from various countries.
They come here every day in the evening.
They come here every day round evening time.
They come here every day towards evening.
They come here occasionally.
They come in various shapes.
They come over here regularly.
They come to collect the mail at three in the afternoon every day.
They come to collect the post at three o'clock, every afternoon.
They come to collect the post at three o’clock, every afternoon.
They come to the island of Alcatraz to tour the dark cells of probably the most infamous American prison.
They come.
They comforted her when she was feeling down.
They commanded a majority in the Diet.
They commit acts of violence for no reason.
They commit all the crimes in this country.
They commit crimes in the name of Islam.
They commit most of the crimes in this country.
They commit violence for no reason.
They committed an injustice against me.
They committed an injustice against them.
They committed an injustice against us.
They committed multiple school infractions.
They committed suicide.
They communicate assertively.
They communicate disapproval by shaking their heads.
They communicate in Berber.
They communicate openly with each other.
They communicate the distance and direction of the food by dancing.
They communicate through letters.
They communicate with each other by gesture.
They communicate with each other by mail.
They communicate with each other by telephone every day.
They communicate with each other often by mail.
They communicate with each other using Google Translate.
They communicated in Berber.
They communicated with each other by gesture.
They communicated with the Western countries.
They compared it with the old car.
They compared notes.
They compared the new car with the old one.
They compensated for the loss.
They compensated the damages.
They compete against each other in the game.
They compete in ski races.
They competed all over the world.
They competed in a swimming race.
They competed with each other for the prize.
They competed.
They complain about not having the latest and greatest car or gadget but don't realize how good their life is.
They complain about their job a lot.
They complain about us all the time.
They complain, complain, and complain.
They complain, complain, complain.
They complained about Tom again.
They complained about Tom.
They complained about everything.
They complained about the city administration.
They complained about their jobs.
They complained about their low salaries.
They complained about their low wages.
They complained about you to me.
They complained of the cold as there was no fire there.
They complained of the hurry of modern life, which they contrasted with the calm existence of those whom they called "the pure men of old."
They complained of the room being too hot.
They complement each other perfectly.
They complemented each other.
They completed the picture hand in hand.
They completed the work in fifty-two days.
They completed their degrees in 2013.
They completely destroyed the city.
They completely destroyed the image of the country.
They completely disappeared.
They completely distorted what Tom had said.
They completely forgot about the danger that threatened them.
They completely forgot it was Mom's birthday.
They completely forgot the meeting.
They complimented Mina.
They complimented her on her performance.
They comply with all hygiene regulations.
They composed a new song.
They concede most of their goals from set pieces.
They conceived a plan to surprise the enemy.
They concluded Tom was lying.
They concluded he was lying.
They concluded that Tom is an incorrigible person.
They concluded that he had told a lie.
They concluded that he was lying.
They concurred that butter is the best ingredient.
They condemned him for his cruelty to animals.
They conduct a company-wide survey.
They conduct interviews with experts.
They conducted a complex survey.
They conducted a number of experiments to put the theory to the test.
They conducted a series of experiments under zero gravity.
They conducted the following experiment to collect the data.
They conferred with their lawyer.
They conferred with their lawyers.
They confessed that they did that.
They confessed that they were afraid.
They confessed they did that.
They confessed to killing Mary.
They confessed to that.
They confessed.
They confirmed that there wasn't any credit left in the account.
They confirmed that.
They confirmed the importance of strengthening global precautions in order to prevent devastating losses.
They confirmed their alliance.
They confirmed their resignation.
They confiscated everything I had.
They confronted Mina.
They confronted each other across the table.
They confronted each other.
They confronted the warrior.
They confused the names of the sender and the addressee.
They confused the students.
They congratulated Rima.
They congratulated each other.
They congratulated her on winning the award.
They congratulated him on his marriage.
They congratulated me.
They congratulated the veteran on his promotion.
They congratulated their 'sempai' on his promotion.
They congratulated their colleague on his promotion.
They congratulated their ’sempai’ on his promotion.
They congratulated us on our victory.
They congregated.
They consented to do that.
They consented to our marriage at last.
They consider him a hero.
They consider him a highly qualified employee.
They consider him intelligent.
They consider him their best employee.
They consider him unfit for that job.
They consider him unfit for the job.
They consider it a mistake for Jim to travel alone in Africa.
They consider it impolite to disagree with someone they don't know very well.
They consider it impolite to disagree with someone they don’t know very well.
They consider linguistic diversity a cancer to be excised.
They consider linguistic diversity a cancer.
They consider linguistic diversity a threat.
They consider themselves fortunate.
They consider themselves lucky.
They consider themselves our equals.
They consider themselves pacifists.
They consider us a menace.
They considered Tom a hero.
They considered him a fool.
They considered him a hero.
They considered him an idiot.
They considered his behaviour childish.
They considered it a great injustice.
They considered it a necessary evil.
They considered it.
They considered me their grandchild.
They considered me their granddaughter.
They considered me their grandson.
They considered only what belongs to them valuable.
They considered that topic important.
They considered the question.
They considered their options.
They considered themselves lucky.
They conspire to overthrow the oppressive government.
They constantly cut us off.
They constantly insult me.
They constantly recall him.
They constantly taunt and deride others.
They constantly unlock the entrances of their homes for us.
They constantly upgrade their skills.
They constructed a bridge.
They constructed a new government.
They constructed a new submarine.
They constructed therewith a peerless palace, which was of great beauty and of celestial make.
They consult each other.
They consulted with their attorney.
They consulted with their attorneys.
They consume large amounts of olive oil.
They consumed each other.
They consumed oil and figs.
They contact each other.
They contacted the police again.
They contacted the police multiple times.
They contacted the station staff but the man had left the area and gone out through the ticket barrier.
They contacted their local politicians.
They contended against prejudice.
They contended with each other for the prize.
They continue being stubborn.
They continue to call.
They continued cautiously.
They continued drinking.
They continued eating as if nothing had happened.
They continued eating.
They continued fighting against the invaders year after year.
They continued fighting.
They continued north along the edge of the woods.
They continued north.
They continued northwards until they reached the Arctic Circle.
They continued searching.
They continued swimming.
They continued talking for hours.
They continued teaching.
They continued the experiment day and night.
They continued their investigation.
They continued to argue.
They continued to consolidate their leadership position in that space.
They continued to export goods secretly.
They continued to live the high life in California.
They continued to meet on a regular basis.
They continued to meet regularly.
They continued to push south.
They continued to say the same things.
They continued to talk for hours.
They continued walking.
They continued working.
They continued.
They contracted chlamydia.
They contradict each other.
They contradict themselves a lot.
They contradict themselves all the time.
They contradict themselves constantly.
They contradicted themselves.
They contrasted colors creatively.
They contributed money to the Red Cross.
They contrived to arrive in time after all.
They control everything.
They control people's way of thinking. Media is in the field of opinion forming like fashion in clothing.
They controlled Mina.
They controlled a fifth part of the territory.
They convene every evening at the library.
They conversed for some time in whispers.
They converted the local native Berber population to Islam.
They converted to Christianity.
They converted to Islam.
They convinced Tom to stay by offering gargantuan incentives.
They convinced me.
They convinced their sister to lie to you.
They cook a lot better than I do.
They cook a lot better than me.
They cook for the kids.
They cook in the corridor.
They cook the halwa in cauldrons.
They cook their own meals.
They cook without adding salt.
They cook without salt.
They cooked all their own meals.
They cooked spaghetti.
They cooperated with the police.
They copy your sentences.
They corrected it.
They corrected that.
They corrected themselves.
They correspond regularly.
They corresponded in Esperanto, and a good friendship was born from this.
They cost a fortune.
They cost a lot, but they're not much cop.
They cost a lot, but they're not much good.
They cost a lot, but they're not up to much.
They cost just 50 dollars, and I'll give you two cans of shoe polish free as well.
They cost peanuts.
They cost three Euros a piece.
They cost three dollars apiece.
They cost three euros a piece.
They cost too much.
They cost €3 a piece.
They coud die.
They coughed.
They could afford to eat in the restaurant.
They could at least apologize.
They could barely make ends meet.
They could barely see anything.
They could be aliens from another world.
They could be anywhere by now.
They could be drugged.
They could be foreigners.
They could be going anywhere.
They could be listening.
They could be relatives.
They could be right, but I remember otherwise.
They could be right.
They could be tourists.
They could buy everything they needed.
They could buy what they needed.
They could change their minds.
They could die.
They could do anything they wanted.
They could do anything.
They could do away with Christmas for all I care!
They could do everything by themselves.
They could do it if they tried.
They could do it if they wanted to.
They could do it.
They could do that if they tried.
They could do that if they wanted to.
They could do that in their sleep.
They could do that.
They could do what they had to do.
They could do what they needed to do.
They could do with our help.
They could drive.
They could face a ten-year prison term.
They could feel Dad's hateful glares.
They could feel the sun on their faces.
They could feel the sun on their necks.
They could feel their knees shaking.
They could get fired if they did that.
They could get here if they wanted to.
They could get hurt if they did that.
They could get in serious trouble.
They could go home if they wanted to.
They could go to somebody else.
They could go to someone else.
They could go to the library.
They could hardly believe their ears.
They could hardly believe their eyes.
They could hardly believe their luck.
They could hardly see.
They could have been saved.
They could have done better.
They could have done it themselves.
They could have done it, but they didn't.
They could have done it.
They could have gone anywhere.
They could have just stopped it.
They could have killed you.
They could have run away.
They could have started since yesterday.
They could have won the race, but they didn't try hard enough.
They could hear the elegant, flowing sound of a harp coming from somewhere.
They could hear the horses galloping closer.
They could hear the sounds of shots and exploding shells.
They could hurt themselves.
They could just watch TV.
They could lead.
They could make no money without trade.
They could make the difference.
They could make themselves understood in English.
They could never do that.
They could no longer control themselves.
They could no longer hide their fear.
They could not agree how it should be done.
They could not agree on some parts of it.
They could not believe their eyes.
They could not cope with difficulties.
They could not cope with those difficulties.
They could not expect to make progress.
They could not figure out why I was sad.
They could not find Mary's house.
They could not find work at home.
They could not get enough food.
They could not get good housing.
They could not get loans to keep their businesses open.
They could not get there quickly.
They could not hear what I was saying.
They could not help being touched by the sight.
They could not help being touched.
They could not help shuddering when they found a dead body in the wood.
They could not help us.
They could not move.
They could not pay the money they owed.
They could not prove their charges.
They could not set out because it snowed heavily.
They could not stop the southern attack.
They could not swim.
They could not tell whether he was dead or alive.
They could only listen.
They could perform in Nashville.
They could put you in jail for that.
They could quit if they wanted to.
They could reach there without delay.
They could read when they were three.
They could retire if they wanted to.
They could ride and shoot well.
They could see nothing.
They could speak Berber.
They could stay best friends for forty years.
They could stay here if they wanted to.
They could still be here.
They could take on monstrous forms.
They could throw me out at any moment.
They could try doing that by themselves.
They could use their cars to drive to work in the city.
They could walk to the library.
They could've anything they wanted.
They could've broken their necks.
They could've done better.
They could've done it by themselves.
They could've done that by themselves.
They could've done that on their own.
They could've fallen to their deaths.
They could've gone anywhere.
They could've gone by themselves.
They could've hurt themselves today.
They could've hurt themselves.
They could've killed you.
They could've run away.
They could've said no.
They could've saved themselves.
They could've seen it coming.
They could've walked away.
They could've won if they'd wanted to.
They couldn't act any differently.
They couldn't agree on anything.
They couldn't agree on bedroom temperature.
They couldn't ask for anything more.
They couldn't be murderers.
They couldn't be stopped.
They couldn't bear the tension.
They couldn't believe their bad luck.
They couldn't believe their ears.
They couldn't believe their eyes.
They couldn't believe their good luck.
They couldn't believe their luck.
They couldn't believe what they heard.
They couldn't believe what they saw.
They couldn't bring her back to life.
They couldn't buy everything they needed.
They couldn't buy what they needed.
They couldn't catch up with him because he ran so fast.
They couldn't come because they're sick.
They couldn't come.
They couldn't communicate their ideas to men.
They couldn't comprehend the seriousness of the matter.
They couldn't contain their anger.
They couldn't control their emotions.
They couldn't control their tempers.
They couldn't control themselves.
They couldn't cope with difficulties.
They couldn't count on Tom's help.
They couldn't decide whether to go to the mountains or the sea.
They couldn't defend themselves.
They couldn't do anything but stand there and stare.
They couldn't do it by themselves.
They couldn't do otherwise.
They couldn't do that by themselves.
They couldn't do that, could they?
They couldn't do what they had to do.
They couldn't do what they wanted to.
They couldn't do what they wanted.
They couldn't escape.
They couldn't figure out why I was sad.
They couldn't find out why your car won't start.
They couldn't find that plane.
They couldn't find the problem.
They couldn't find the right path.
They couldn't find their dogs.
They couldn't find their passports.
They couldn't find their shoes.
They couldn't find their way back home.
They couldn't find their way back.
They couldn't find this place.
They couldn't finish their dinner.
They couldn't finish their sandwiches.
They couldn't fulfil the conditions.
They couldn't get enough of each other.
They couldn't get home by themselves.
They couldn't get in their rooms.
They couldn't get the book they wanted.
They couldn't get the job they wanted.
They couldn't get their car started.
They couldn't get their car to start.
They couldn't get their cars started.
They couldn't get their cars to start.
They couldn't get their gloves off.
They couldn't get their gloves on.
They couldn't get their shoes off.
They couldn't get to Tom.
They couldn't get what they wanted.
They couldn't give Tom a proper burial.
They couldn't hear what I was saying.
They couldn't help being surprised at the news.
They couldn't help us.
They couldn't hide their anger.
They couldn't hide their excitement.
They couldn't hide their feelings.
They couldn't hide their frustration.
They couldn't hide their pain.
They couldn't hide their smiles.
They couldn't judge me.
They couldn't keep from crying.
They couldn't keep their balance.
They couldn't kill Tom.
They couldn't kill her.
They couldn't kill him.
They couldn't leave school.
They couldn't make themselves heard.
They couldn't make up their minds.
They couldn't move.
They couldn't open the door because it was bolted from inside.
They couldn't open their hands.
They couldn't organise a piss-up in a brewery.
They couldn't pay their bills.
They couldn't pay their rent.
They couldn't play leapfrog together because their heights were so different.
They couldn't prove Tom was a party to the crime.
They couldn't reach Tom.
They couldn't rely on Tom's help.
They couldn't remember their passwords.
They couldn't restrain themselves.
They couldn't revive Tom.
They couldn't run a mile even if their life depended on it.
They couldn't save the house from the flames.
They couldn't see where they were going.
They couldn't stop blaming themselves.
They couldn't stop doing it.
They couldn't stop laughing.
They couldn't stop smiling.
They couldn't swim because of bad weather.
They couldn't take off their gloves.
They couldn't take off their socks.
They couldn't take their gloves off.
They couldn't take their socks off.
They couldn't talk.
They couldn't teach me the Quran.
They couldn't tell me what was wrong.
They couldn't think where to go.
They couldn't track down Tom.
They couldn't travel because a problem occurred.
They couldn't understand each other.
They couldn't walk to school for a whole week.
They couldn't win an election fairly, so their only recourse was to gerrymander.
They couldn’t choose a different fruit.
They couldn’t communicate their ideas to men.
They couldn’t comprehend the seriousness of the matter.
They couldn’t concentrate in school.
They couldn’t cope with difficulties.
They couldn’t decide whether to go to the mountains or the sea.
They couldn’t do anything but stand there and stare.
They couldn’t help being surprised at the news.
They couldn’t judge me.
They couldn’t pick Lina up from the airport.
They couldn’t swim because of bad weather.
They couldn’t think where to go.
They count Tom as a member of the family.
They counted every penny.
They counted on Linda.
They counted on monotonously to fifty.
They counted the number of neurons in the brain area associated with regulating sleep patterns, and correlated that with data from the monitoring device.
They counted their money.
They covered Dad's shifts for the rest of the week.
They covered the table with a cloth.
They covered their ears.
They covered their eyes.
They covered their faces with their hands.
They covered their faces.
They covered their mouths with their hands.
They covered their mouths.
They cracked a grin.
They cracked their knuckles.
They crash-landed in Algeria.
They crashed their car.
They crashed their cars.
They crashed.
They craved love.
They crawl very fast.
They crawled out of the cave.
They crawled under their beds.
They create a culture of accountability.
They create a problem and then they offer the solution.
They create art that challenges social norms.
They create interactive art installations.
They create opportunities for growth.
They created a bond built on mutual respect.
They created a government.
They created a lasting connection.
They created a list of words in Berber.
They created a strong bond.
They created a website.
They created an unbreakable bond.
They created an unbreakable connection.
They created fashion and business from mouth masks, too.
They created problems for us.
They created the unemployment.
They credited the entire excursion I went on in Cuba because we did not get part of what we paid for.
They crept forward.
They crept into the room.
They cried a lot.
They cried all that night.
They cried and believed.
They cried as they walked home.
They cried in each other's arms.
They cried on the train ride home.
They cried out for revenge on the occupation forces.
They cried out in chorus "No!"
They cried out together.
They cried out with one voice.
They cried themselves to sleep.
They cried when their dog died.
They cried when their dogs died.
They cried when they heard the news.
They cried when they heard the story.
They cried.
They crippled Mina.
They criticise her constantly.
They criticise him constantly.
They criticised each other.
They criticized each other.
They criticized me for coming late.
They crossed my name off the list.
They crossed on foot.
They crossed over the bridge.
They crossed over the road.
They crossed several red lines.
They crossed the Atlantic Ocean.
They crossed the Atlantic.
They crossed the border into Spain.
They crossed the border loaded with drugs.
They crossed the border to settle in Algeria.
They crossed the border.
They crossed the bridge carelessly.
They crossed the desert under the scorching sun.
They crossed the line.
They crossed the partly-frozen Delaware River.
They crossed the road and squeezed through a gap in the hedge.
They crossed the road and stooped to pass through a gap in the hedge.
They crossed the road and stooped under the branches.
They crossed the road.
They crossed the street.
They crossed the vast continent on foot.
They crossed the waters on foot.
They crossed their fingers.
They crossed to the other side while the light was red.
They crouched down beside Tom.
They crouched down beside her.
They crouched down beside him.
They crowded into my house late at night.
They crowned him.
They crushed all resistance.
They crushed each other underfoot.
They crushed the box with their feet.
They crushed their enemies.
They crushed us.
They cry in silence.
They cry out against the new tax.
They cuddled.
They cultivate a creative environment.
They cultivate fruit in here.
They cultivated the land.
They curate exhibitions for new artists.
They curled up together on the sofa.
They currently have three children.
They currently reside in the heart of the city.
They cursed us.
They cut Rima's breasts off.
They cut a hole in the ice and swam in the freezing water.
They cut back more every year.
They cut down a cherry tree.
They cut down all the trees in their yard.
They cut down many trees to build the boats.
They cut down the tree.
They cut down the trees dying of disease.
They cut down the trees.
They cut each other.
They cut his salary.
They cut it with their knives.
They cut me off.
They cut my hair too short.
They cut my hours again.
They cut off his water because he didn't pay the bill.
They cut out a path through the jungle.
They cut out a path through thick jungle.
They cut the branch with a saw.
They cut the fins and tossed back the remainder of the living shark in the ocean.
They cut the medlars.
They cut the price of the damaged goods by 40%.
They cut the rope with their knives.
They cut their holidays short because Tom broke a leg.
They cut us off.
They cut your hair.
They cycled across Europe.
They dance all night.
They dance alone.
They dance in circles to communicate a short distance, and shake their bodies and dart back and forth to indicate a longer distance.
They danced all night long.
They danced all night.
They danced around the ballroom.
They danced around the campfire.
They danced awkwardly together.
They danced cheek to cheek.
They danced for hours.
They danced in the fire.
They danced merrily together on the grass.
They danced slowly.
They danced the whole night.
They danced to the sound of the music.
They danced together.
They danced under the starry sky.
They danced until about midnight.
They danced until around midnight.
They danced until six in the morning.
They danced until ten in the morning.
They danced until the sun rose.
They danced with Mina.
They danced with Skura.
They danced.
They dangled their feet in the water.
They dare to speak.
They dared not look me in the face.
They dashed water into my face.
They dated just for a year.
They dated movie stars.
They de-iced the bridge with salt.
They deal in fruit and vegetables at that store.
They deal in rice at that store.
They deal in shoes and clothes at that store.
They deal in software products.
They deal with Muslims.
They dealt with the matter internally.
They dealt with the prisoners kindly.
They debate the research methods.
They debated about Islam.
They debated closing the school.
They debated for a shorter amount of time than I'd expected.
They debated land reform but never carried it out.
They debated other parts of the proposal.
They deceived Tom.
They deceived all.
They deceived her with lies.
They deceived him with lies.
They deceived me.
They deceived us.
They decided for him.
They decided not to announce that they intended to get married.
They decided not to buy the television.
They decided not to call the police.
They decided not to go by themselves.
They decided not to sell the car.
They decided on the date and location of their wedding.
They decided that Johannes should be the captain of the team.
They decided that Tom would be the guitarist, and Alex would be on the drums. They were still missing a vocalist, and Mary was the perfect friend to ask.
They decided that it would be better to start at once.
They decided that they would stop watching television completely.
They decided that they'd do that.
They decided the date for the trip.
They decided they needed a change.
They decided they'd had enough.
They decided to abandon their plans to visit the popular museum when they saw the staggering length of the line outside.
They decided to abolish the old restriction.
They decided to adopt a child rather than having one of their own.
They decided to blame the sneaky cat instead.
They decided to build a bridge.
They decided to call the police.
They decided to choose him to be president.
They decided to close the factory.
They decided to cook something special.
They decided to demolish their old house in order to build an apartment complex.
They decided to do that by themselves.
They decided to do that on their own.
They decided to do their best.
They decided to end the discussion.
They decided to enter the room.
They decided to exchange prisoners.
They decided to exclude him from their circle.
They decided to fight mano-a-mano.
They decided to follow Dad's advice.
They decided to get married next month.
They decided to get married the next month.
They decided to get married.
They decided to give the whole project a rest.
They decided to go to the mosque together.
They decided to help Mom out.
They decided to hire Tom instead of Mary.
They decided to join Nuja in the ambulance.
They decided to keep their distance.
They decided to launch a major attack.
They decided to leave extra food behind.
They decided to leave the bullet where it was.
They decided to marry next month.
They decided to marry.
They decided to meet there again after twenty years.
They decided to move to a London suburb.
They decided to move to a smaller city.
They decided to never leave that office again.
They decided to pay the kids a surprise visit.
They decided to plant a tree in the backyard to celebrate the start of spring.
They decided to press charges.
They decided to promote some employees.
They decided to pull down the old building.
They decided to push ahead with the plan, despite our objections.
They decided to put an end to the discussion.
They decided to quit their jobs.
They decided to redesign their website.
They decided to risk everything for love.
They decided to run for class president.
They decided to sell their car.
They decided to sell their cars.
They decided to sell their house.
They decided to sell their houses.
They decided to settle down in Virginia that year.
They decided to settle in Algeria.
They decided to settle in Kabylie.
They decided to settle in a suburb of London.
They decided to shut down the factory.
They decided to spend their holidays in Bali this time.
They decided to stay home and celebrate Christmas.
They decided to stay in Algeria.
They decided to stop watching television completely.
They decided to stop working for Tom.
They decided to take a completely different approach.
They decided to take their dogs to the beach.
They decided to teach the kids a lesson.
They decided to tell Dad the truth.
They decided to travel back in time to save Tom.
They decided to wait until dark.
They decided to watch the movie.
They declared Antonio dead.
They declared a truce, finally.
They declared that they were innocent.
They declared themselves innocent.
They declined Tom's invitation as politely as they could.
They declined our invitation.
They declined the invitation to our party.
They declined the invitation.
They declined the offer to rest.
They declined to publish my book.
They decorated it.
They decorated the cake.
They decorated the house beautifully.
They decorated the mosque.
They decorated the room.
They decorated the tree with stars and ornaments.
They dedicated 400 million dollars to their missile program.
They dedicated their lives to teaching.
They defeated our team by three goals.
They defeated them.
They defend their errors as if they were defending their inheritance.
They defended their country against the invaders.
They defended their country.
They defended their findings.
They defended their homeland against the invaders.
They defended themselves bravely.
They defended themselves.
They defended weak people.
They defied the laws of the king.
They defied the policeman's order.
They defied the policeman’s order.
They definitely deserve this shop.
They definitely deserved what they got.
They definitely have infuriated me before.
They definitely heard me.
They definitely know their stuff.
They definitely know.
They definitely meant what they said.
They definitely saw us.
They defused the bomb before it could blow up.
They defused the bomb successfully.
They delayed buying a new car.
They delegate tasks to their team.
They deleted the comments.
They deleted the pictures.
They deliberately created a hostile environment.
They deliberately desecrated the Quran.
They deliver for free.
They delivered it door to door.
They demand a decrease in hours of work.
They demand a reduction in working hours.
They demand government accountability.
They demand payment in check. Who does that?
They demand public penitence from me.
They demanded a higher salary.
They demanded a salary increase.
They demanded a treaty that would punish Germany severely.
They demanded an end to the flood of immigration.
They demanded damages from the driver.
They demanded higher pay.
They demanded money from him.
They demanded money.
They demanded more pay and safer working conditions.
They demanded public penitence from me.
They demanded severe punishment for the southern rebels.
They demanded that I do that for them.
They demanded that President resign.
They demanded that she pay immediately.
They demanded that the Indians stay off their land.
They demanded that the company pay them more.
They demanded that the mayor should resign.
They demanded that the president resign.
They demanded that they should get more money.
They demanded the king be put to death at once.
They demanded their money back.
They demolished the old building.
They demolished the old house.
They demolished the old temple to build a skyscraper.
They demonstrate fealty by going deep into debt during college.
They demonstrated against the raising of the tuition fees.
They demoted you.
They denied her any help.
They denied it.
They denied that they agreed to do that.
They denied that they cried.
They denied that they did that.
They denied that they laughed.
They denied that they left early.
They denied that they said that.
They denied that they stole the money.
They denied that they'd stolen anything.
They denied that they'd stolen the money.
They denied that.
They denied the charges against them.
They denied the charges of using violence.
They denied the humanity of slaves.
They denied the rumor.
They denied they agreed to do that.
They denied they cried.
They denied they did that.
They denied they laughed.
They denied they left early.
They denied they said that.
They denied they stole the money.
They denied they were the thieves.
They denied they'd stolen anything.
They denied they'd stolen the money.
They denied this.
They denigrated Tom.
They denounced Tom.
They dented their car.
They dented their cars.
They deny everything.
They deny that they agreed to do that.
They deny that they cried.
They deny that they did that on purpose.
They deny that they did that.
They deny that they left early.
They deny that they lied.
They deny that they paid ransom money.
They deny the charges against them.
They deny they agreed to do that.
They deny they cried.
They deny they did that on purpose.
They deny they did that.
They deny they left early.
They deny they lied.
They deny they paid ransom money.
They departed ten days in advance of our party.
They depend on our help.
They depended on Linda.
They deported Tom.
They deported her.
They deported him.
They deported me.
They deported them.
They deported us.
They deposited a huge amount of money in the bank account.
They deposited money in Dad's account.
They deposited the money at an Algerian bank.
They deposited their bags.
They deposited their bundles on the rock.
They deprived me of my liberty.
They deprived the criminal of his rights.
They deprived us from everything necessary.
They deprived you of hope.
They describe their ethnicity as Berber.
They described the girl as being small.
They described the interaction they had with that man to the police.
They described the scenes.
They described the ways to him.
They desecrated God's sanctuary.
They desecrated the shrine.
They deserted their posts.
They deserve a Nobel Prize in matchmaking.
They deserve a rest.
They deserve an education.
They deserve better.
They deserve each other.
They deserve everything they get.
They deserve it.
They deserve it?
They deserve more.
They deserve respect.
They deserve the salaries we pay them.
They deserve the truth.
They deserve their period of elderly life to be pleasant and happy.
They deserve this.
They deserve to be remembered.
They deserve to celebrate.
They deserve to know.
They deserve to win.
They deserve what they get.
They deserve whatever they get.
They deserved everything they got.
They deserved it.
They deserved respect.
They deserved the punishment they got.
They deserved to win.
They deserved what they got.
They design sustainable art installations.
They designed a new airplane.
They designed a new engine.
They designed the house interior.
They designed their plan to be foolproof.
They desire harmony and understanding among all people.
They desire to remove a weight from the heart.
They desire to seek vengeance.
They despaired of their son.
They despise Algeria.
They despise Tom.
They despise everything I stand for.
They despise foreigners, but turn a blind eye to the failings of their fellow countrymen.
They despise foreigners.
They despise her.
They despise him.
They despise linguistic diversity.
They despise me.
They despise other countries. I despise all countries.
They despise other nationalities. I despise all nationalities.
They despise you.
They despised the others.
They despised the rest.
They destroy nature.
They destroy people's lives.
They destroyed everything.
They destroyed stores and factories.
They destroyed the native civilization.
They destroyed the old house.
They detained him and didn't let him into Algeria.
They determined the date for the trip.
They determined to avenge their father's death on their uncle.
They determined to avenge their father’s death on their uncle.
They detest Tom.
They detest each other.
They detest her.
They detest him.
They detonated the explosives.
They develop innovative projects.
They develop new ideas together.
They developed a biodegradable product that could replace man-made insulation.
They developed a hotel in Algeria.
They developed a new alloy.
They developed a special computer system and fixed it to his wheelchair.
They developed a treatment for this disease.
They developed an entirely new steel alloy.
They developed new types of missiles.
They developed their own cruise missiles.
They devised a scheme to make money with little effort.
They devised ingenious solutions.
They devoted themselves to their families.
They devoured one another.
They devoured the cake, leaving no crumbs behind.
They devoured the chocolate cake in seconds.
They devoured the meal.
They devoured the sweet buns.
They dialed the number.
They dialled 911.
They did a DNA comparison to see if the body was Tom's.
They did a DNA comparison to see if the body was Tom’s.
They did a good deed in helping refugees.
They did a good job.
They did a great job.
They did a lot of work.
They did a slapdash job because they had so little time.
They did a tomography on Sami and they found no fractures.
They did a tour of the world!
They did all of their homework.
They did all that they could.
They did all the research for the presentation.
They did all the talking.
They did all they could do to help.
They did all they could do.
They did all they could to help.
They did all they could.
They did an experiment to see if the drug improved memory.
They did an unimaginable job.
They did as he had said. And they talked one to another: We deserve to suffer these things, because we have sinned against our brother, seeing the anguish of his soul, when he besought us, and we would not hear: therefore is this affliction come upon us.
They did as they were instructed.
They did away with the bad habit.
They did away with the old system.
They did badly at school.
They did do that, didn't they?
They did do what you said they did.
They did everything I told them to.
They did everything by themselves.
They did everything for him.
They did everything for their children.
They did everything in order to make money.
They did everything they could do.
They did everything they could to foster good relations.
They did everything they could to help.
They did everything they could to make sure you failed.
They did everything they could.
They did everything they wanted to do.
They did everything together.
They did everything we asked of them.
They did exactly as I told them to do.
They did exactly as they were told.
They did good.
They did have fun.
They did it a few times.
They did it again.
They did it all by themselves.
They did it all the time.
They did it all themselves.
They did it anyway.
They did it as quickly as they could.
They did it at great expense.
They did it for the money.
They did it for their children.
They did it in front of the staff.
They did it in their own way.
They did it just to spite Tom.
They did it more than once.
They did it on a whim.
They did it on their own.
They did it successfully.
They did it the way they were told.
They did it themselves.
They did it willingly.
They did it without gaining an advantage from it.
They did it, didn't they?
They did it.
They did just as they were instructed.
They did me a great wrong.
They did mean that.
They did more than their share.
They did not abandon her.
They did not abandon him.
They did not abide by the school regulations.
They did not agree to bring down the price.
They did not agree with all of Oglethorpe's ideas.
They did not agree with all of Oglethorpe’s ideas.
They did not allow us to use the service elevator.
They did not answer them.
They did not answer us.
They did not arrive at Tizi Mennous.
They did not assimilate with the natives.
They did not attack them.
They did not believe me.
They did not break apart easily.
They did not bring anything home.
They did not care about themselves.
They did not change their mind about it.
They did not clap for us.
They did not come around to it.
They did not deepen the holes.
They did not demand better working conditions.
They did not eat or drink, yesterday.
They did not enter.
They did not escape death.
They did not escape from prison.
They did not expect an easy life.
They did not expect anything from their brother.
They did not expect the Korean lady to be American.
They did not expect to see us.
They did not fall.
They did not feel ashamed of themselves.
They did not feel like playing any more.
They did not feel offended.
They did not feel the earthquake, because they were asleep when it happened.
They did not find a cure for his illness.
They did not find me in school.
They did not force people to convert to Islam.
They did not fulfill the conditions.
They did not get a chance to try.
They did not give their point of view.
They did not give up hope.
They did not go shopping in Budafal.
They did not go there.
They did not go to Taourirt Ighil.
They did not go to Tinzawatin.
They did not go to sleep until the early hours of the morning.
They did not go to the field yesterday.
They did not go yesterday because they had to study.
They did not have any roses.
They did not have enough gold.
They did not have good equipment.
They did not have great love for us.
They did not have much food to eat.
They did not have permanent homes, so they did not plant crops for food.
They did not have time to search for it.
They did not have worries.
They did not hesitate, although they were strict churchwomen, to engage a Methodist to act as mistress in one of their Sunday schools.
They did not hide that.
They did not insist.
They did not invite me to their wedding.
They did not join unions or strike.
They did not keep their word.
They did not know it themselves.
They did not know it was impossible, so they did it.
They did not know what to do first.
They did not know what to do.
They did not lack anything.
They did not let me in because I had shorts on.
They did not let them enter because they were not on the guest list.
They did not let themselves go.
They did not like it and were angry.
They did not like it.
They did not like my book.
They did not like the way he gave orders to everyone.
They did not like the way he threatened his opponents.
They did not listen to you.
They did not listen.
They did not look back.
They did not lose anything.
They did not lose their minds.
They did not make a deal.
They did not make fun of you.
They did not make love that night.
They did not make me feel good.
They did not make you feel good.
They did not manage to keep it up in the second half.
They did not move to Serbia.
They did not nap.
They did not notice minute differences.
They did not notice the small differences.
They did not oppose the project because they feared public opinion.
They did not oppose the project just because they feared public opinion.
They did not plan to break their promises.
They did not please them.
They did not protest working long hours for low pay.
They did not realise.
They did not regard the warning.
They did not resist.
They did not retreat.
They did not run into them.
They did not run into us.
They did not say everything.
They did not see anything.
They did not see the error of their ways.
They did not show us how to do.
They did not sit on the beach.
They did not stay at his side.
They did not stay at our side.
They did not stay calm.
They did not stop crying.
They did not support one group or the other.
They did not take their share.
They did not tell each other about the size of their savings.
They did not think anything of the news.
They did not try to change the land.
They did not use your computer.
They did not wait at home.
They did not walk around Rouiba.
They did not want things to change.
They did not want to answer my questions.
They did not want to circumcize their son.
They did not want to get involved in the fighting.
They did not want to give up their old ways of living.
They did not want to go to Albania.
They did not want to go with us.
They did not want to listen to their hearts.
They did not want to spend much time talking about it.
They did not want to support him on this issue.
They did not want to take a break.
They did not want to wake up.
They did not wish to become embroiled in the dispute.
They did not wish to go any farther.
They did not work, either.
They did nothing to save Tom.
They did nothing.
They did only what they had to do.
They did rowing.
They did shit.
They did some really nice things.
They did that after sex.
They did that again, didn't they?
They did that all by themselves.
They did that all themselves.
They did that as fast as they could.
They did that as often as they could.
They did that as quickly as they could.
They did that as soon as they could.
They did that as they were told to.
They did that as they'd been told.
They did that because I told them to.
They did that because they had to.
They did that because they were told to.
They did that by themselves yesterday.
They did that by themselves.
They did that deliberately.
They did that entirely on their own.
They did that for their children.
They did that for their families.
They did that on purpose, didn't they?
They did that on purpose.
They did that on their own.
They did that the way I told them to.
They did that the way they were told.
They did that their own way.
They did that themselves.
They did that together.
They did that until the day they died.
They did that until they died.
They did that very fast, didn't they?
They did that when they were drunk.
They did that when they were here.
They did that whenever they could.
They did that while they were drunk.
They did that without my consent.
They did that, didn't they?
They did that.
They did the best that they could do.
They did the best they could do.
They did the cooking and cleaning in the house.
They did the dishes.
They did the only thing that they could do.
They did the only thing that they could.
They did the only thing they could do.
They did the only thing they could.
They did the right thing, didn't they?
They did the right thing.
They did the same.
They did the survey.
They did the very best that they could.
They did the very best they could.
They did the washing up.
They did the work themselves.
They did their best to catch up.
They did their best to smile.
They did their best to stay calm.
They did their best with what they had.
They did their best, but they failed.
They did their best.
They did their chores.
They did their duty, and I did mine.
They did their homework before dinner.
They did their homework by themselves.
They did their homework in the kitchen.
They did their homework.
They did their job.
They did their jobs very well.
They did their jobs well.
They did their own research.
They did their school-leaving exams in 2013.
They did things to me.
They did this after gaining access to the official's email account and using it to send national security officials a "dupe email" urging action about an upcoming press conference.
They did this on their own.
They did very well.
They did warn Tom.
They did warn her.
They did warn him.
They did warn you.
They did well considering their age.
They did well on the exercises.
They did what I asked them to do.
They did what I expected them to do.
They did what I wanted them to do.
They did what had to be done.
They did what they always do.
They did what they believed was right.
They did what they could to help.
They did what they could.
They did what they felt like doing.
They did what they felt that they had to do.
They did what they felt they had to do.
They did what they had to.
They did what they intended to do.
They did what they needed to do.
They did what they planned to do.
They did what they promised me they'd do.
They did what they promised they'd do.
They did what they promised to do for me.
They did what they promised to do for us.
They did what they promised to do for you.
They did what they promised us they'd do.
They did what they said they'd do.
They did what they thought was right.
They did what they wanted to do.
They did what they were supposed to do.
They did what they were told to do.
They did what they were told.
They did what they'd been told to do.
They did what they'd been told.
They did what they'd planned to do.
They did what we asked them to do.
They did what we expected them to do.
They did what we said.
They did what we told them to do.
They did what we wanted them to do.
They did what you asked them to do.
They did what you told them to do.
They did whatever they felt like doing.
They did whatever they wanted to do.
They did whatever we asked them to do.
They did win.
They did your laundry.
They didn't accept my apology.
They didn't accept my credit card.
They didn't accept the counterproposal.
They didn't accept the gifts.
They didn't achieve their goal.
They didn't act quickly.
They didn't actually do that themselves.
They didn't address us.
They didn't admit their mistakes.
They didn't agree how to get there.
They didn't agree with Mary.
They didn't allow me to enter.
They didn't allow us to enter.
They didn't allow us to go in.
They didn't answer Mom's calls.
They didn't answer their phones.
They didn't answer yet.
They didn't answer.
They didn't approve.
They didn't argue much.
They didn't arrive in Bouira.
They didn't arrive on time.
They didn't ask that.
They didn't ask.
They didn't attend the ceremony.
They didn't attend the wedding.
They didn't believe Mary.
They didn't believe Sami was Egyptian.
They didn't believe me.
They didn't believe us at first, but now they do.
They didn't believe what they heard.
They didn't blame themselves.
They didn't bleed from the nose.
They didn't blink.
They didn't book the holiday, but I don't think they will have any problems.
They didn't break the law.
They didn't break the party.
They didn't break their promises.
They didn't bring gifts.
They didn't bring the boy the toys he asked for.
They didn't bring up both.
They didn't budge.
They didn't bully the students.
They didn't buy any bread.
They didn't buy everything they needed.
They didn't buy everything they wanted.
They didn't buy the novel.
They didn't buy what I asked them to.
They didn't buy what they needed.
They didn't call me back.
They didn't call.
They didn't care if anybody saw them.
They didn't care if they won or not.
They didn't care.
They didn't catch the bus.
They didn't change their minds.
They didn't change their plans.
They didn't charge me anything.
They didn't check their mailboxes.
They didn't chew the dried fig.
They didn't chew those blackberries.
They didn't choose me.
They didn't chop any trees down.
They didn't clean the dishes.
They didn't come because they got sick.
They didn't come because they were afraid of Tom.
They didn't come here, did they?
They didn't come in spite of my orders.
They didn't come out of their rooms.
They didn't come upon him somewhere else.
They didn't come, did they?
They didn't come.
They didn't complain, did they?
They didn't complete their degrees.
They didn't complete their homework.
They didn't confirm.
They didn't convert to Islam because of money.
They didn't count on him.
They didn't counter a single point he made.
They didn't cry.
They didn't cut down any trees.
They didn't dare to open their mouths.
They didn't deliver what they promised.
They didn't deny that they did that.
They didn't deny that they didn't do that.
They didn't deny they did that.
They didn't deny they didn't do that.
They didn't deserve to lose their jobs.
They didn't die for nothing.
They didn't die in vain.
They didn't die.
They didn't discover him in another place.
They didn't dismiss them from work.
They didn't do anything wrong.
They didn't do anything.
They didn't do it again, did they?
They didn't do it by themselves.
They didn't do it for me, but for you.
They didn't do it themselves.
They didn't do it, did they?
They didn't do it.
They didn't do much.
They didn't do so well on their tests.
They didn't do that again, did they?
They didn't do that all by themselves.
They didn't do that by themselves.
They didn't do that on their own.
They didn't do that themselves.
They didn't do that, did they?
They didn't do that.
They didn't do the dishes.
They didn't do their best.
They didn't do their homework.
They didn't do their job.
They didn't do this by themselves.
They didn't do too badly themselves.
They didn't do what I told them to do.
They didn't do what they had to do.
They didn't do what they needed to do.
They didn't do what they said they did.
They didn't do what they said they'd do.
They didn't do what they say they did.
They didn't do what they wanted to do.
They didn't do what they were asked.
They didn't do what you said they did.
They didn't do what you say they did.
They didn't drink their milk.
They didn't drink.
They didn't eat breakfast, did they?
They didn't eat in that restaurant last night.
They didn't eat lunch or dinner.
They didn't eat the cake.
They didn't email me today.
They didn't enjoy their jobs.
They didn't even acknowledge me as I passed through.
They didn't even bother replying.
They didn't even bother to reply.
They didn't even come down for dinner later.
They didn't even have any food to eat.
They didn't even invite them to their wedding.
They didn't even know how to write their own names.
They didn't even know our names.
They didn't even know themselves.
They didn't even know we were there.
They didn't even know what our names were.
They didn't even know what they had found.
They didn't even know what they were looking at.
They didn't even know what to do.
They didn't even know where they were.
They didn't even know where to go.
They didn't even know who they were supposed to meet.
They didn't even know whom they were to meet.
They didn't even know why they were supposed to go.
They didn't even let me say goodbye to Tom.
They didn't even lock their door.
They didn't even lock their doors.
They didn't even offer to help me.
They didn't even say they were sorry.
They didn't even think about the kids.
They didn't even want a horse.
They didn't even want to move here.
They didn't expect me to refuse.
They didn't expect this.
They didn't expect you would say yes.
They didn't fall.
They didn't feed you much, did they?
They didn't feel like playing any more.
They didn't feel sorry for themselves.
They didn't feel that they were ready.
They didn't feel the same way.
They didn't fell any trees.
They didn't find Tom.
They didn't find WMDs in Iraq.
They didn't find anyone to answer them.
They didn't find anything.
They didn't find her.
They didn't find him elsewhere.
They didn't find him.
They didn't find it.
They didn't find me.
They didn't find the bomb.
They didn't find the real culprits.
They didn't find them.
They didn't find us.
They didn't find you.
They didn't finish the presentation.
They didn't finish their dinner.
They didn't finish their homework.
They didn't finish their sandwiches.
They didn't fire right away.
They didn't fire them.
They didn't fool us.
They didn't forget me.
They didn't forget to pay the electricity bill, did they?
They didn't forget us.
They didn't fulfil the conditions.
They didn't get Mary's joke.
They didn't get along.
They didn't get anything done.
They didn't get everything they needed.
They didn't get everything they wanted.
They didn't get home until ten o'clock.
They didn't get involved in other matters.
They didn't get my joke!
They didn't get the chance to finish.
They didn't get to that country.
They didn't get what they needed.
They didn't get what they wanted.
They didn't get what they wished for.
They didn't give Skura a chance to do that.
They didn't give Tom a job.
They didn't give Tom a second chance.
They didn't give him oil to cure him.
They didn't give me a choice.
They didn't give me a job.
They didn't give me an answer.
They didn't give me anything.
They didn't give me my passport back.
They didn't give me what I wanted.
They didn't give their real names.
They didn't give them a response.
They didn't give up.
They didn't give us a response.
They didn't give us anything.
They didn't give us their reasons.
They didn't go anywhere.
They didn't go back home.
They didn't go outside.
They didn't go snorkeling by themselves.
They didn't go swimming because of the cold.
They didn't go there by themselves.
They didn't go to At Ifrek.
They didn't go to Imekhlef village.
They didn't go to Taza after all.
They didn't go to the bulls.
They didn't go to the concert hall.
They didn't go to the monkey.
They didn't go up to At Sider.
They didn't go where they said they'd go.
They didn't go.
They didn't hang their coats behind the door.
They didn't have a cat.
They didn't have a choice.
They didn't have a meeting.
They didn't have a mosque.
They didn't have a prayer.
They didn't have any bread left.
They didn't have any cash on them.
They didn't have any keys.
They didn't have any milk.
They didn't have any position available.
They didn't have any reasons to be angry.
They didn't have any roses.
They didn't have any secrets.
They didn't have anybody to help them.
They didn't have anyone to help them.
They didn't have anything else.
They didn't have anything in their bags.
They didn't have anything smaller.
They didn't have anything to say to the judge.
They didn't have enough money left to take the bus.
They didn't have enough money.
They didn't have much money with them.
They didn't have much time to hang out with friends.
They didn't have real coffee, so they drank ersatz.
They didn't have roses.
They didn't have that app on their phones.
They didn't have the chance to finish the presentation.
They didn't have the courage to tell Mina.
They didn't have the least idea what they should do.
They didn't have the strength to fight for those dreams.
They didn't have time for the kids.
They didn't have time to eat at the party.
They didn't have to beg me.
They didn't have to do that, did they?
They didn't have to go by themselves.
They didn't have to go there themselves.
They didn't have to help, but they did.
They didn't have to raise their voices.
They didn't have to run away from love.
They didn't have to speak about our school.
They didn't have to stay, but they did.
They didn't have to work for money.
They didn't have uniforms.
They didn't have vertigo.
They didn't have what I needed at that store.
They didn't have what they needed.
They didn't hear the children.
They didn't help me.
They didn't help the poor.
They didn't help you much, did they?
They didn't help.
They didn't hire the ugly candidate.
They didn't hunt.
They didn't hurt anybody, did they?
They didn't hurt anyone, did they?
They didn't hurt me.
They didn't identify themselves.
They didn't insist.
They didn't invite her.
They didn't invite me to their party.
They didn't judge people.
They didn't keep their promise.
They didn't keep their promises to me.
They didn't kill him, he just roughed him up a little.
They didn't kill him. They just roughed him up a bit as a warning.
They didn't kill themselves.
They didn't knew you would say no.
They didn't know Berber.
They didn't know French.
They didn't know anything.
They didn't know at all what they should do.
They didn't know he was Muslim.
They didn't know he was underage.
They didn't know how long they'd slept.
They didn't know how lucky they were.
They didn't know how they could help.
They didn't know how to react.
They didn't know it themselves.
They didn't know me.
They didn't know that Mary was married.
They didn't know that Yanni was a film buff.
They didn't know that the box had holes in it, and they lost half their load on the way.
They didn't know that they had to do that.
They didn't know that they should do that.
They didn't know that they'd hurt anybody.
They didn't know that they'd hurt anyone.
They didn't know that this was going to happen.
They didn't know they had to do that.
They didn't know they should do that.
They didn't know what happened.
They didn't know what hit them.
They didn't know what they had to do.
They didn't know what they should do.
They didn't know what they should have done with him.
They didn't know what they should say.
They didn't know what they wanted.
They didn't know what they were doing.
They didn't know what they'd do.
They didn't know what to do first.
They didn't know what to do with him.
They didn't know what was happening to them.
They didn't know when they'd be back.
They didn't know where the cars were.
They didn't know where their car was.
They didn't know where their cars were.
They didn't know where their pens were.
They didn't know where their umbrellas were.
They didn't know where they should go.
They didn't know where they were going.
They didn't know where they were.
They didn't know which song to play next.
They didn't know who they could trust.
They didn't know who they should trust.
They didn't know.
They didn't laugh, did they?
They didn't leave anything for me.
They didn't leave me any other options.
They didn't leave me anything to translate.
They didn't leave me with anything.
They didn't leave the house all day because of the rough weather.
They didn't leave their apartment.
They didn't leave their apartments.
They didn't leave their rooms yesterday.
They didn't let me do that yesterday.
They didn't let me in because my shorts were too short.
They didn't let me in on their secret.
They didn't let me in their rooms.
They didn't let me in, as I had revealing shorts on.
They didn't let me in, as my shorts were considered indecent.
They didn't let me in.
They didn't let me say goodbye to Tom.
They didn't let them go from their job.
They didn't let us enter.
They didn't let us go in.
They didn't let us in.
They didn't let us park there.
They didn't lie.
They didn't light any candles in their room.
They didn't like Doctor Who.
They didn't like Mina.
They didn't like Tom.
They didn't like any of my suggestions.
They didn't like her.
They didn't like him because he was Muslim.
They didn't like him.
They didn't like the film.
They didn't like the movie.
They didn't like this game.
They didn't like what they heard.
They didn't like what they saw.
They didn't like you.
They didn't listen to me.
They didn't listen to their parents.
They didn't listen.
They didn't look like they were busy.
They didn't look like they were happy.
They didn't look like they were tired.
They didn't look up from their books.
They didn't lose any time.
They didn't lose hope.
They didn't lose their tempers.
They didn't love me.
They didn't make a deal.
They didn't make an announcement about this.
They didn't make any money.
They didn't make any new friends.
They didn't make it, did they?
They didn't make the beds.
They didn't make their position clear.
They didn't make their positions clear.
They didn't make themselves clear.
They didn't manage to convince her.
They didn't manage to convince him.
They didn't mean any harm.
They didn't mean anything to him.
They didn't mean anything.
They didn't mean to do that, did they?
They didn't mean to say what they said.
They didn't mean what they said.
They didn't meddle in other things.
They didn't mention both of them.
They didn't mention what they'd done.
They didn't mention where they'd been.
They didn't mention where they'd gone.
They didn't mention who they'd met.
They didn't mention why they were late.
They didn't mince their words.
They didn't mind living by themselves.
They didn't mind.
They didn't miss anything.
They didn't mistreat me.
They didn't move to cairo.
They didn't move.
They didn't name it "Wrigley Field" because people are wriggling around in their seats.
They didn't need a German-Croatian dictionary.
They didn't need bicycles.
They didn't need to come.
They didn't need to do that, did they?
They didn't need to go by themselves.
They didn't need to go there themselves.
They didn't need to go, but they did.
They didn't need to help, but they did.
They didn't need to stay, but they did.
They didn't need to take a taxi.
They didn't neglect their own duty.
They didn't notice anything suspicious.
They didn't notice anything.
They didn't notice that Dad was there.
They didn't notice the difference.
They didn't notice the increase in noise.
They didn't obey their parents.
They didn't obey.
They didn't off take their hats.
They didn't offer me anything to drink.
They didn't offer me anything to eat.
They didn't offer me anything.
They didn't open their eyes.
They didn't oppose the project just because they feared public opinion.
They didn't pass.
They didn't pay attention to that.
They didn't pay attention.
They didn't pay me as much as they said they would.
They didn't pay me as much as they'd promised.
They didn't pay me much.
They didn't pay me very much to do that.
They didn't pay me.
They didn't pay much attention to that girl.
They didn't pay the lease.
They didn't pay their rent last month.
They didn't pay their share.
They didn't pay their taxes on time.
They didn't pay us very well.
They didn't pay.
They didn't perish; they were murdered.
They didn't permit us to enter.
They didn't permit us to go in.
They didn't plant anything in their field.
They didn't plant olive trees in the field.
They didn't play dressup anymore.
They didn't play sports.
They didn't play tennis yesterday because it rained.
They didn't play tennis yesterday because it was raining.
They didn't play tennis yesterday.
They didn't play tennis, did they?
They didn't prepare anything.
They didn't put the mask on.
They didn't raise their children.
They didn't raise their voices.
They didn't react at all. They simply ignored us.
They didn't react to our words.
They didn't react to their words.
They didn't realise that Tom hated them.
They didn't realize that they had to leave.
They didn't realize they had to leave.
They didn't really expect me to speak Berber.
They didn't really like their jobs.
They didn't really mean that, did they?
They didn't recognize Rima's voice.
They didn't regret doing what they did.
They didn't regret their decision.
They didn't regret their decisions.
They didn't remember him.
They didn't remember to pay their rent.
They didn't reply.
They didn't resent me because I'm Algerian.
They didn't resign. They got fired.
They didn't respond to my question.
They didn't ruin their clothing.
They didn't run away.
They didn't run out of conversation until late at night.
They didn't run to at khelfu.
They didn't run to the city.
They didn't run.
They didn't rush to temizrit.
They didn't rush to the concert hall.
They didn't say a word to each other for the rest of the school year.
They didn't say a word.
They didn't say anything, did they?
They didn't say anything.
They didn't say everything.
They didn't say that.
They didn't say they wanted to do that.
They didn't say they'd do that.
They didn't say what they did.
They didn't say what you say they did.
They didn't say when they were coming.
They didn't say when they'd return.
They didn't say where they went.
They didn't say where they were going.
They didn't say where they'd been.
They didn't say where they'd gone.
They didn't say who they'd gone with.
They didn't say why they did that.
They didn't say why they went.
They didn't say why they were late.
They didn't say why.
They didn't say.
They didn't see anybody they recognized.
They didn't see anyone they recognized.
They didn't see anything.
They didn't see her.
They didn't see it.
They didn't see me.
They didn't see them.
They didn't see us.
They didn't see you.
They didn't seem like themselves today.
They didn't seem sad, did they?
They didn't seem sure of their answers.
They didn't seem to be happy, did they?
They didn't seem to know French.
They didn't seem to notice it.
They didn't seem to understand French.
They didn't seem to want to hire me.
They didn't seem to want to speak French.
They didn't seem very angry, did they?
They didn't seem very busy, did they?
They didn't seem very happy, did they?
They didn't seem very tired, did they?
They didn't settle the bill.
They didn't shoot me.
They didn't show up after all.
They didn't show up.
They didn't shut up the whole way home.
They didn't sign their wills.
They didn't sing.
They didn't smoke much.
They didn't so much as hint at it.
They didn't speak Berber anyways.
They didn't speak English very well.
They didn't speak French very well.
They didn't speak any Berber at all.
They didn't speak to me.
They didn't speak to us.
They didn't speak.
They didn't specify the year.
They didn't specify what they wanted.
They didn't stay for long because they found it dull and boring there.
They didn't stay there for long because they found it dull and boring.
They didn't steal from us.
They didn't stop working though they were tired.
They didn't stop working.
They didn't succeed.
They didn't suffer, did they?
They didn't suspect anything.
They didn't swim because it was cold.
They didn't take a tour to the river.
They didn't take credit cards, and we had to leave the place.
They didn't take credit cards.
They didn't take it with them.
They didn't take long to come back.
They didn't take much account of my opinion.
They didn't take off their coats.
They didn't take off their gloves.
They didn't take off their shoes.
They didn't take their gloves off.
They didn't take their hats off.
They didn't take their medicine.
They didn't take their shoes off.
They didn't take too kindly to that.
They didn't talk about the two of them.
They didn't talk at the airport.
They didn't talk much about God.
They didn't talk much about Islam.
They didn't talk.
They didn't teach us any of this in high school.
They didn't teach us anything about our Berber culture.
They didn't tell Dad.
They didn't tell Ziri.
They didn't tell anybody else, did they?
They didn't tell anybody who they were.
They didn't tell anyone else, did they?
They didn't tell anyone their names.
They didn't tell anyone who they were.
They didn't tell me so.
They didn't tell me that you were a doctor.
They didn't tell me that.
They didn't tell me their names.
They didn't tell me they were married.
They didn't tell me where they lived.
They didn't tell me where they went.
They didn't tell me where they'd been.
They didn't tell me why they did that.
They didn't tell me why they were late.
They didn't tell us anything.
They didn't tell us the truth.
They didn't tell us.
They didn't tell you much, did they?
They didn't tell you what he wrote in that letter.
They didn't think I'd survive.
They didn't think any of my suggestions were any good.
They didn't think that they could do that.
They didn't think that they had to do that.
They didn't think that they should do that.
They didn't think that they would make it.
They didn't think they could do that.
They didn't think they had a choice.
They didn't think they had to do that.
They didn't think they should do that.
They didn't think they would make it.
They didn't think you'd survive.
They didn't touch anything.
They didn't touch their food.
They didn't trust each other.
They didn't trust me.
They didn't understand French.
They didn't understand Yamina's joke.
They didn't understand me.
They didn't understand the question.
They didn't understand your joke.
They didn't use to like soccer.
They didn't value you.
They didn't visit Uganda.
They didn't wait for their turn.
They didn't wait for their turns.
They didn't walk.
They didn't want Mary to die.
They didn't want Tom there.
They didn't want anybody to see them.
They didn't want anyone to hear them.
They didn't want anyone to see them.
They didn't want me there.
They didn't want me to examine it.
They didn't want me to help them.
They didn't want me to kiss them.
They didn't want me to sit by them.
They didn't want me to touch them.
They didn't want their picture taken.
They didn't want their pictures taken.
They didn't want to answer my questions.
They didn't want to be lawyers or doctors.
They didn't want to call their lawyer.
They didn't want to call their lawyers.
They didn't want to date Mina.
They didn't want to do that, did they?
They didn't want to fight, but they had to.
They didn't want to get any gold dust.
They didn't want to get out of their houses.
They didn't want to get up from the siesta.
They didn't want to get up.
They didn't want to give up their old ways of living.
They didn't want to go by themselves.
They didn't want to go to Kabylie.
They didn't want to go to bed.
They didn't want to go to their rooms.
They didn't want to go, but they did anyway.
They didn't want to go, but they did.
They didn't want to help, but they did.
They didn't want to leave Tom.
They didn't want to leave their house.
They didn't want to leave their houses.
They didn't want to listen to what I had to say.
They didn't want to live on their own.
They didn't want to lose their licenses.
They didn't want to meet him.
They didn't want to sell their car.
They didn't want to sell their cars.
They didn't want to sell their house.
They didn't want to sell their houses.
They didn't want to spend long talking about it.
They didn't want to spend much time talking about it.
They didn't want to stay, but they did.
They didn't want to tell their children how dangerous smoking is.
They didn't want to visit Mom.
They didn't want us at their party.
They didn't want us to film this.
They didn't wash their car.
They didn't wash their cars.
They didn't wash their hair.
They didn't wash their hands.
They didn't waste any time, did they?
They didn't waste much time, did they?
They didn't watch television yesterday.
They didn't win, did they?
They didn't win.
They didn't wish to go any farther.
They didn't wish to go any further.
They didn't work this morning.
They didn't work tonight.
They didn't write anything.
They didn't write to him.
They didn't write.
They didn't yield to the poverty.
They didn’t act quickly.
They didn’t agree how to get there.
They didn’t come here, did they?
They didn’t come in spite of my orders.
They didn’t die for nothing.
They didn’t even call the school to inform them.
They didn’t even know themselves.
They didn’t feel like playing any more.
They didn’t have chocolate cake, or anything like thereunto.
They didn’t have to speak about our school.
They didn’t keep their promise.
They didn’t kill him. They just roughed him up a bit as a warning.
They didn’t know what to do first.
They didn’t neglect their own duty.
They didn’t notice the increase in noise.
They didn’t obey their parents.
They didn’t oppose the project just because they feared public opinion.
They didn’t play tennis yesterday.
They didn’t run out of conversation until late at night.
They didn’t seem to notice it.
They didn’t so much as hint at it.
They didn’t stop working though they were tired.
They didn’t swim because it was cold.
They didn’t take much account of my opinion.
They didn’t tell me so.
They didn’t tell the truth to the police.
They didn’t want to call the police.
They didn’t want to get any gold dust.
They didn’t want to play ball.
They didn’t yield to the poverty.
They die of fear of such expeditions.
They die well that live well.
They died after a few months.
They died as consequence of my neglect.
They died before their terms were up.
They died fighting.
They died for nothing.
They died for the cause of liberty.
They died for their country.
They died from their injuries.
They died immediately.
They died in a car accident.
They died in a car wreck.
They died in a haunted house.
They died in battle.
They died in the living room.
They died in the name of nature.
They died in their sleep last night.
They died in their sleep.
They died in their thirties.
They died in vain.
They died instantly.
They died last week.
They died on the battlefield.
They died one after another.
They died one after the other.
They died peacefully in their sleep.
They died to liberate their land.
They died trying to rescue others.
They died trying to save others.
They died when they were very young.
They died while waiting to be rescued.
They died young.
They died.
They differ in many respects.
They differ.
They differed with each other on the care and upbringing of their children.
They dig burrows for their winter residence, and the females suckle their young at the bottom of their habitations.
They dine at seven.
They dined in the grand hall under candlelight.
They dipped and raised their oars in a rhythmic fashion.
They dipped their toes into the water.
They disappeared and we remained.
They disappeared in the darkness of the night.
They disappeared into the dust cloud.
They disappeared.
They disappointed him.
They disappointed me.
They discarded the food.
They discarded unnecessary things.
They discharged him a week after the surgery.
They discouraged me.
They discovered Islam together.
They discovered a bloodied knife at the crime scene.
They discovered a ground to play on.
They discovered a new chemical that can make sweets more flavorful.
They discovered a new planet.
They discovered a small island with no other tourists.
They discovered a very talented player during summer training.
They discovered an inscription on the stone.
They discovered him in front of the TV.
They discovered how to marinade meat with pomegranate molasses.
They discovered me at my place.
They discovered that Westerners can express anything with about thirty symbols, whereas Asians have to memorize a few thousand ideographic signs.
They discovered that a genetic variation in people of African descent that once protected them against malaria seems to a play a role in increasing susceptibility to HIV and AIDS.
They discovered that he fled to Algeria.
They discovered that the nightgown was soaked with blood.
They discovered that.
They discovered the carcass of an adult giraffe.
They discovered the skeleton of a prehistoric animal.
They discovered the truth.
They discovered this new highly-effective drug called "exercise".
They discovered this.
They discredited themselves.
They discuss economic theories.
They discuss new work policies.
They discuss organizational challenges.
They discuss philosophy often.
They discuss plans for the weekend.
They discuss the company's future.
They discuss the company's goals.
They discuss the impact of technology.
They discuss the matter every day.
They discuss the party's platform.
They discuss the title of the song.
They discussed Tom's proposals at the meeting.
They discussed Tom's skills, or lack thereof.
They discussed his proposals at the meeting.
They discussed mutual benefits.
They discussed plans at the café.
They discussed the book in their book club.
They discussed the book's impact on society.
They discussed the economics of the project.
They discussed the matter at large.
They discussed the performance of the kids at school.
They discussed the plans for the party.
They discussed the possibility of a secret and secure communications channel.
They discussed the problem with Maria.
They discussed the problem.
They discussed the subject of the offender of the meaning of life.
They discussed the wedding night.
They discussed trade openly.
They discussed what was happening in the world.
They disguised themselves as beggars.
They disguised themselves as fishermen and escaped in a boat.
They disguised themselves as priests.
They dislike Mina.
They dismissed his criticism as hypocrisy.
They dismissed them from their jobs.
They dismissed what Mary was saying.
They dispatched them to me.
They dispersed.
They disposed of the old car.
They disputed about whose turn it was to take the trash out.
They disputed the ownership of the land for years.
They disrespected the Algerian flag.
They dissected frogs.
They dissembled the elephants to sell their tusks.
They dissuaded her from cutting her long hair.
They distanced themselves from each other.
They distributed pamphlets to passers-by.
They distrust anything that's new.
They disturbed Mina.
They dived into the water.
They dived.
They diverted the river to supply water somewhere else.
They divided the bread into two pieces.
They divided the money among themselves.
They divorced by mutual agreement.
They divorced this year.
They divorced, but they live in the same household.
They do a podcast together.
They do a tremendous job.
They do a very good job.
They do all their homework at school.
They do anything I ask them to.
They do anything I tell them to.
They do anything in order to win.
They do anything we tell them to do.
They do anything we tell them.
They do as they're told.
They do care.
They do cruel things in Guantanamo.
They do drugs.
They do everything I ask them to.
They do everything I tell them to.
They do everything by themselves.
They do everything for each other.
They do everything on their own.
They do everything they're told to do.
They do everything they're told to.
They do everything they're told.
They do everything together.
They do everything we tell them to.
They do everything we tell them.
They do everything?
They do exactly what I tell them.
They do get around, don't they?
They do have a TV.
They do it because we allow them to do it.
They do it because we allow them to.
They do it because we let them.
They do it each week.
They do it faster than me.
They do it faster than us.
They do it in Australia.
They do it in Britain.
They do it just for the thrill of it.
They do it on TV all the time.
They do it that way in Australia.
They do it.
They do know that.
They do know what they're doing.
They do like Tom.
They do like her.
They do like him.
They do like jazz, don't they?
They do like you.
They do look lonely, don't they?
They do look tense, don't they?
They do look tired, don't they?
They do many things together.
They do need to be careful not to wound themselves with chainsaws or other pruning tools.
They do not accuse me, they insult; they do not fight me, they calumniate, and they don't allow me the right of defense.
They do not consider us as brothers.
They do not get down.
They do not have a Romanian passport.
They do not have any brothers.
They do not have the keys.
They do not have the time.
They do not have time.
They do not have what we require.
They do not honor their commitments.
They do not keep their word.
They do not know how they should use the money.
They do not know how to do it.
They do not know how to relax.
They do not know rest.
They do not know what they will do.
They do not know where they're going to.
They do not let me have a dog.
They do not like incense.
They do not live together.
They do not nap.
They do not occur in residential areas of a suburb.
They do not preach by name or designation.
They do not read books in English.
They do not seem to understand what you're getting at.
They do not set up industries in Bangladesh.
They do not speak English or French.
They do not speak English.
They do not stick to their promises.
They do not surpass you in age.
They do not take prisoners.
They do not teach them to speak English.
They do not tell us everything.
They do not understand how mobile phones work.
They do not understand what they have to do.
They do not understand what to do.
They do not understand.
They do not usually care.
They do not usually live with their children.
They do not usually retaliate.
They do not want any more food because they are full.
They do not want the people to be independent.
They do not want the worker to be free.
They do not want to get together.
They do not want to move forward.
They do not want to pay.
They do not waste anything nor throw anything away.
They do not work for free.
They do nothing but complain.
They do nothing but cry.
They do nothing, they simply wander in the streets.
They do nothing.
They do only what they want to do.
They do something else.
They do terrific work.
They do that a lot, don't they?
They do that as often as they can.
They do that because they have to.
They do that because they like to.
They do that because they want to.
They do that even when they're sick.
They do that every chance they get.
They do that everywhere.
They do that faster than Tom.
They do that in their spare time.
They do that sometimes.
They do that to everyone.
They do that when they're drunk.
They do that when they're happy.
They do that when they're hungry.
They do that when they're sad.
They do that when they're sleepy.
They do that when they're tired.
They do that whenever they can.
They do that, don't they?
They do the best chicken fried steak in all of Algeria.
They do the best they can.
They do the opposite of what they say has to be done.
They do the opposite of what they're told to do.
They do the same things as I did when I was a child.
They do their homework before dinner.
They do their jobs well.
They do things at their own pace.
They do things in their own way.
They do things their own way.
They do this after school.
They do this.
They do want this, don't they?
They do what they can to help.
They do what they can.
They do what they say they'll do.
They do what they want to do.
They do what they want to.
They do what they want.
They do what they're asked to do.
They do what they're told to do.
They do what they're told.
They do what's asked of them.
They do what's right for them.
They do whatever Tom wants.
They do whatever they want to do.
They do whatever they want to.
They do whatever they want.
They do whatever they're asked to do.
They do whatever we ask them to do.
They do whatever we tell them to do.
They do whatever we tell them.
They do work hard.
They documented those death threats and called the police.
They don't accept volunteers.
They don't act.
They don't allow me to see their daughter.
They don't allow us to go to the disco.
They don't always get their way.
They don't always obey their parents.
They don't answer to anyone.
They don't believe in God.
They don't believe in anything.
They don't believe in ghosts.
They don't believe in the Lord.
They don't believe it!
They don't believe me!
They don't believe me.
They don't believe that they can do that.
They don't believe that they can win.
They don't believe they can do that.
They don't believe they can win.
They don't belong here.
They don't belong in there.
They don't belong to any official intelligence agency.
They don't belong under that category.
They don't build houses that way anymore.
They don't build them like they used to.
They don't care about anything else.
They don't care about appearances at all.
They don't care about doing harm to themselves.
They don't care about that.
They don't care about the safety of passengers.
They don't care about their children, but they do about their dogs.
They don't care about their grades.
They don't care about what they eat.
They don't care about you.
They don't care how much it will cost since they don't use their own money.
They don't care that their weapons kill innocent people.
They don't care what happens to us.
They don't care what life was like in the dinosaur ages.
They don't care what we want.
They don't care, do they?
They don't care.
They don't carry anything, they don't return with anything.
They don't cause any problems because they live five floors above us.
They don't cause any problems because they're five floors up.
They don't celebrate their birthdays.
They don't clean up after themselves.
They don't come to see me anymore.
They don't come.
They don't control me.
They don't control their emotions.
They don't create any problems because they are five floors up.
They don't dare approach the house.
They don't dare to say it.
They don't deal in political matters.
They don't decide important matters.
They don't defend themselves.
They don't deserve anything else.
They don't deserve my money.
They don't deserve our respect.
They don't deserve that image.
They don't deserve to call themselves Europeans!
They don't deserve to die.
They don't deserve what's happening to them.
They don't despise you.
They don't do a lick of work.
They don't do anything.
They don't do business with Muslims.
They don't do it.
They don't do much, do they?
They don't do that, do they?
They don't do their jobs very well.
They don't drink alcohol.
They don't drink.
They don't eat a thing.
They don't eat anything.
They don't eat as much rice in Japan as they used to.
They don't eat bread in this region.
They don't eat fruits.
They don't eat meat.
They don't eat much.
They don't eat pork, do they?
They don't eat pork.
They don't eat sandwiches at the bar.
They don't eat sausage or ham.
They don't eat the same food we do.
They don't eat.
They don't employ enough people.
They don't entirely trust you yet.
They don't even bother to ask me questions anymore.
They don't even care.
They don't even greet each other.
They don't even have a computer.
They don't even have a phone.
They don't even have anything to eat.
They don't even have soap.
They don't even have the slightest interest.
They don't even know I'm here.
They don't even know what Islam is.
They don't even know what that is.
They don't even know where Kabylie is located.
They don't even know who I am.
They don't even know why.
They don't even live in Kabylie.
They don't even want to talk about Islam.
They don't exist any longer.
They don't express themselves well.
They don't feed Boldi well at home.
They don't feel dizzy.
They don't feel good.
They don't feel offended.
They don't feel sorry for him.
They don't feel that they have to do that.
They don't feel they have to do that.
They don't fix problems.
They don't follow us.
They don't frighten me anymore.
They don't get along together.
They don't get along with Mary.
They don't get along with each other.
They don't get along.
They don't get dressed.
They don't get it.
They don't get on well.
They don't get on with each other.
They don't give a damn about what they eat.
They don't give a fuck.
They don't give a shit about us.
They don't give food away.
They don't give presents.
They don't give up easily, do they?
They don't give up even if the path is long.
They don't go to build temples in Holland.
They don't go to school at the weekend.
They don't go to school on Saturday.
They don't go well together.
They don't greet their neighbors.
They don't hate you.
They don't have a Dutch passport.
They don't have a bicycle.
They don't have a car.
They don't have a chance.
They don't have a choice.
They don't have a clue, do they?
They don't have a daughter.
They don't have a fever.
They don't have a lot of time.
They don't have a place to live.
They don't have a reason to argue.
They don't have a say here.
They don't have a shed.
They don't have access to medical care.
They don't have an attachment to the land.
They don't have an ear for music.
They don't have any children, for all I know.
They don't have any deep convictions.
They don't have any friends.
They don't have any interest in philosophical questions.
They don't have any money on them.
They don't have any money.
They don't have any notion of hospitality.
They don't have any other relatives.
They don't have any sugar any more.
They don't have any weapons.
They don't have any work-related problems.
They don't have anyone to help them.
They don't have anything in common at all.
They don't have anything in common with us.
They don't have anything.
They don't have as big a house as us.
They don't have children.
They don't have completely clear ideas.
They don't have cows.
They don't have enough friends.
They don't have enough income to lay aside for the future.
They don't have enough money to buy everything they need.
They don't have enough money.
They don't have enough room to camp.
They don't have enough space on the ground to camp.
They don't have fuel.
They don't have jobs.
They don't have medical equipment.
They don't have money for new clothes.
They don't have much left.
They don't have much money, but they can support their kids with advice and action.
They don't have much money.
They don't have much of a choice.
They don't have much time left.
They don't have nothing.
They don't have object permanence.
They don't have one.
They don't have proof.
They don't have raincoats?
They don't have resources.
They don't have school tomorrow.
They don't have the directions to my house.
They don't have the keys.
They don't have the permission to go there.
They don't have the resources they need for a comfortable life.
They don't have the slightest knowledge of geography.
They don't have the time.
They don't have their act together.
They don't have these in Australia.
They don't have this kind of money.
They don't have those in Australia.
They don't have those in Norway.
They don't have tickets.
They don't have time left.
They don't have time to eat.
They don't have time.
They don't have to answer.
They don't have to be here.
They don't have to carry out what Tom said.
They don't have to come back right now.
They don't have to come if they don't want to.
They don't have to do that, but they do.
They don't have to go to school today.
They don't have to hurry.
They don't have to include the kids all the time.
They don't have to know.
They don't have to pay anything.
They don't have to run away from love.
They don't have to say a word.
They don't have to stay.
They don't have to stop.
They don't have to thank us.
They don't have to train then.
They don't have to wrap it up.
They don't have water.
They don't have what they need.
They don't have what they want yet.
They don't hear us.
They don't help.
They don't hold her in their hearts.
They don't hold him in their hearts.
They don't identify as ethnically Berber.
They don't insist.
They don't intend to go by themselves.
They don't interest me.
They don't just represent themselves, but also that institution.
They don't just sell spatulas there, do they?
They don't just set the forests on fire, they also want to extract carbon dioxide from the atmosphere.
They don't keep their promises.
They don't know English.
They don't know French.
They don't know I can see them.
They don't know I don't like them.
They don't know I hate them.
They don't know I like them.
They don't know I wish they'd leave.
They don't know I'm Canadian.
They don't know Tom.
They don't know about it.
They don't know about the accident.
They don't know anything about Mary's family.
They don't know anything about anything.
They don't know anything about basketball, do they?
They don't know anything about the long-term effects of puberty blockers on children.
They don't know anything about you.
They don't know anything.
They don't know each other very well.
They don't know exactly where they were born.
They don't know her.
They don't know him.
They don't know how I survived.
They don't know how I've survived.
They don't know how lucky they are.
They don't know how much I love Tom.
They don't know how they can defend themselves.
They don't know how to approach it.
They don't know how to deal with Tom.
They don't know how to eat!
They don't know how to hack computers.
They don't know how to play tennis.
They don't know how to sing Kabyle yet?
They don't know how to use an asterisk.
They don't know it well.
They don't know me there.
They don't know me.
They don't know much about Algeria.
They don't know my name.
They don't know my real name.
They don't know that I am from Japan.
They don't know that I hate them.
They don't know that I like them.
They don't know that I wish they'd leave.
They don't know that I'm Canadian.
They don't know that I'm Japanese.
They don't know that they're adopted.
They don't know that we know they know.
They don't know that we're Canadians.
They don't know that.
They don't know the date of their wedding.
They don't know the rules.
They don't know their neighbors.
They don't know they're adopted.
They don't know this book.
They don't know this part of town very well.
They don't know us.
They don't know we're Canadians.
They don't know what awaits them.
They don't know what difficulties Tom went through in his youth.
They don't know what difficulties he went through in his youth.
They don't know what is going on.
They don't know what is good.
They don't know what it is to work.
They don't know what they are missing.
They don't know what they have to buy.
They don't know what they have to do.
They don't know what they should do with the money.
They don't know what they should do.
They don't know what they want.
They don't know what they'll do yet.
They don't know what they'll do.
They don't know what they're doing.
They don't know what they're missing.
They don't know what they're saying.
They don't know what they're talking about.
They don't know what to do.
They don't know what went wrong.
They don't know where their keys are.
They don't know where they are.
They don't know where they belong.
They don't know where they come from.
They don't know where they should go.
They don't know where they were born.
They don't know where they're going.
They don't know where you came from.
They don't know where you were.
They don't know whether they'll come.
They don't know who I am.
They don't know who they are.
They don't know who they should ask.
They don't know why they're here.
They don't know yet.
They don't know you as well as we do.
They don't know you.
They don't know.
They don't leave their house.
They don't leave their houses.
They don't let anyone enter without special permission.
They don't let anyone touch them.
They don't let me bring you along.
They don't let me drink milk.
They don't let their children do that.
They don't let their kids do that.
They don't let women join that club.
They don't like Tom's dog.
They don't like Tom, and he doesn't like them either.
They don't like Tom.
They don't like apples, do they?
They don't like apples.
They don't like cats.
They don't like cheese.
They don't like dancing.
They don't like each other.
They don't like figs.
They don't like her.
They don't like him because he's Muslim.
They don't like him.
They don't like it when people don't like them.
They don't like it?
They don't like me personally.
They don't like me.
They don't like milk in their coffee.
They don't like my friends.
They don't like my sense of humor.
They don't like repeating themselves.
They don't like that guy.
They don't like the train.
They don't like their jobs.
They don't like their new jobs.
They don't like their new sofa.
They don't like their steaks thin.
They don't like them?
They don't like this book.
They don't like this either.
They don't like this game.
They don't like this.
They don't like to dance.
They don't like to do that.
They don't like to listen to people.
They don't like to repeat themselves.
They don't like to work by themselves.
They don't like us.
They don't like you, Tom.
They don't like you.
They don't listen to me.
They don't listen to my words.
They don't listen to us.
They don't listen.
They don't live here, do they?
They don't live here.
They don't live in the same city.
They don't live in the same town.
They don't live in this village any more.
They don't live together.
They don't look alike at all.
They don't look anything alike, that's your impression.
They don't look anything like each other.
They don't look at me.
They don't look for the origin of the mist.
They don't look good.
They don't look happy to see me.
They don't look happy to see us.
They don't look happy, do they?
They don't look like they're busy.
They don't look like they're happy.
They don't look like they're lonely.
They don't look like they're tired.
They don't look like they're unhappy.
They don't look so busy, do they?
They don't look so happy, do they?
They don't look too happy, do they?
They don't look very happy.
They don't lose their minds.
They don't love each other.
They don't love her.
They don't love their school enough.
They don't love us.
They don't make 'em like that any more.
They don't make 'em like they used to.
They don't make a lot of money.
They don't make any sense.
They don't make beds.
They don't make it easy for themselves.
They don't make movies like they used to.
They don't make much sense.
They don't make self-righteous fucknuts like they used to.
They don't make songs like they used to.
They don't make them like that any more.
They don't make them like that anymore.
They don't make them like they used to.
They don't make you happy.
They don't miss a thing, do they?
They don't miss a thing.
They don't miss anything, do they?
They don't miss me.
They don't necessarily identify with the plight of Latin American immigrants today.
They don't need a reason.
They don't need all those things.
They don't need answers: they already know the answers.
They don't need any help.
They don't need anything from people.
They don't need him.
They don't need me any more.
They don't need me anymore.
They don't need me.
They don't need money.
They don't need one yet.
They don't need to be afraid of Tom.
They don't need to be here.
They don't need to buy an English-Spanish dictionary.
They don't need to change.
They don't need to cry on his grave ; they'll not find him there.
They don't need to do it right away.
They don't need to hurry.
They don't need to know Michael's business.
They don't need to know that.
They don't need to know.
They don't need to prove themselves.
They don't need to wait.
They don't need to worry.
They don't need us.
They don't offer French classes at the school I go to.
They don't offer French classes at the school that I go to.
They don't often admit that they're wrong.
They don't often admit they're wrong.
They don't owe me anything.
They don't pay Tom much to do that.
They don't pay attention to me.
They don't pay me as much as they pay Tom.
They don't pay me enough for that.
They don't pay me enough to do that.
They don't pay me enough.
They don't pay me overtime.
They don't pay me very much to do that.
They don't pay you enough.
They don't plan to go by themselves.
They don't play basketball.
They don't play with water guns in the house.
They don't put sugar in their coffee.
They don't read books in English.
They don't read when they eat.
They don't realise the danger.
They don't realize how lucky they are.
They don't realize how lucky they've been.
They don't realize that they're being used as pawns to obtain a wider political objective.
They don't realize that we know that they're lying to us.
They don't realize that we know they're lying to us.
They don't realize we know that they're lying to us.
They don't realize we know they're lying to us.
They don't realize what they're doing.
They don't realize what they've done.
They don't really believe that nonsense, do they?
They don't really care, do they?
They don't really care.
They don't really do that, do they?
They don't really know, do they?
They don't really want to live in your cold country.
They don't remember each other.
They don't remember having said that.
They don't remember me.
They don't remember saying that.
They don't remember their passwords.
They don't remember turning off the light.
They don't remember where they left their key.
They don't remember where they've left their key.
They don't remember.
They don't represent our position.
They don't respect Tom.
They don't respect her.
They don't respect him.
They don't respect me.
They don't respect the law.
They don't respect their neighbours.
They don't respect you.
They don't satisfy me at all.
They don't say it like that in French.
They don't say much, do they?
They don't say that it's prohibited there. In fact, they say that it's mandatory.
They don't say what they think.
They don't scare me.
They don't scare us.
They don't scare you.
They don't search for the roots of the fog.
They don't see him.
They don't see it as a problem.
They don't see me anymore.
They don't see the extent to which they depend on others.
They don't seem busy.
They don't seem happy.
They don't seem like themselves.
They don't seem so busy, do they?
They don't seem surprised.
They don't seem that bad.
They don't seem that busy, do they?
They don't seem to approve of the plan.
They don't seem to be Americans.
They don't seem to be an American.
They don't seem to be making much progress.
They don't seem to be very pleased.
They don't seem to feel especially at home here.
They don't seem to feel particularly at home here.
They don't seem to have merchandise with them.
They don't seem to like each other.
They don't seem to like one another.
They don't seem to understand that concept.
They don't seem too happy, do they?
They don't seem well.
They don't sell beer here.
They don't sell electric whisks in this shop.
They don't sell it.
They don't sell meat at that store.
They don't sell phone credit.
They don't sell that.
They don't sell these kinds of things anymore.
They don't sell what you need here.
They don't sell what you want here.
They don't sell women's shoes in this store.
They don't serve couscous here.
They don't serve couscous in this restaurant.
They don't serve that here.
They don't share information easily.
They don't share their food.
They don't sing particularly well.
They don't smoke, do they?
They don't smoke.
They don't speak Berber.
They don't speak English at home.
They don't speak English.
They don't speak French here.
They don't speak French, do they?
They don't speak French.
They don't speak Pashto.
They don't speak Spanish.
They don't speak any French there.
They don't speak perfect Berber.
They don't stand a chance.
They don't steal it from them.
They don't steal it from you.
They don't still do that, do they?
They don't stop calling me.
They don't stop complaining.
They don't support a wider war.
They don't suspect anything.
They don't swim at night.
They don't take anything, they don't bring anything back.
They don't take away, they don't bring back.
They don't take care of that dog.
They don't take care of the dog.
They don't take care of their children.
They don't take my opinion into account.
They don't take prisoners.
They don't take sugar in their coffee.
They don't take very good care of their children.
They don't talk about it.
They don't talk at all.
They don't talk directly.
They don't talk much, do they?
They don't talk to each other any more.
They don't talk to each other anymore.
They don't talk to each other.
They don't talk to me any more.
They don't talk to me anymore.
They don't talk to me for not apparent reason.
They don't talk to people about it.
They don't talk to their neighbors.
They don't talk to us any more.
They don't talk to us anymore.
They don't teach that in schools, but they should.
They don't teach their children Kabyle.
They don't teach this stuff in schools.
They don't teach you about Islamic history there.
They don't teach you that at school.
They don't teach you that in school.
They don't tell me what to do.
They don't tell us everything.
They don't think I did it, do they?
They don't think about the poor children who are dying of hunger.
They don't think before they speak.
They don't think it was their fault.
They don't think it's their fault.
They don't think that I did it, do they?
They don't think that it was their fault.
They don't think that it's their fault.
They don't think that they can do that.
They don't think that they can win.
They don't think that they could do that.
They don't think that they have to do that.
They don't think that they should do that.
They don't think that they snore.
They don't think that they'll cry.
They don't think that they'll do that.
They don't think that they'll lose.
They don't think that they'll win.
They don't think that they've ever met you.
They don't think therefore they aren't.
They don't think they can do that.
They don't think they can win.
They don't think they could do that.
They don't think they have to do that.
They don't think they should do that.
They don't think they snore.
They don't think they'll cry.
They don't think they'll do that.
They don't think they'll lose.
They don't think they'll win.
They don't think they've ever met you.
They don't trust Tom.
They don't trust each other.
They don't trust her.
They don't trust him.
They don't trust me.
They don't trust you.
They don't understand Berber.
They don't understand English at all.
They don't understand French at all.
They don't understand French.
They don't understand Islam.
They don't understand Nahuatl.
They don't understand anything.
They don't understand each other well, nor do majesty and love live together.
They don't understand each other.
They don't understand her.
They don't understand him.
They don't understand jack shit!
They don't understand me when I speak French.
They don't understand me when I speak German.
They don't understand me.
They don't understand shit.
They don't understand the meaning of wealth.
They don't understand them.
They don't understand themselves.
They don't understand us.
They don't understand what Mary is trying to say.
They don't understand what he is saying.
They don't understand what it's about.
They don't understand what they are saying.
They don't understand what they have to do.
They don't understand what to do.
They don't understand.
They don't use 'celeb' to mean 'rich man' over there. By which I determine that you are Japanese.
They don't use chairs or tables at all.
They don't use chairs or tables.
They don't use condoms because they are no longer worried about pregnancy.
They don't use it.
They don't use salt in their cooking.
They don't use shoes.
They don't use the table and chairs.
They don't usually take hostages.
They don't wanna let me go.
They don't want Tom back.
They don't want Tom there.
They don't want a war.
They don't want a wide war.
They don't want a woman for that position.
They don't want an allout war.
They don't want any right now.
They don't want anything cold to drink.
They don't want anything from you guys.
They don't want assistance.
They don't want cake anymore.
They don't want change.
They don't want her back.
They don't want her there.
They don't want her to change.
They don't want him back.
They don't want him there.
They don't want it.
They don't want it?
They don't want me here, do they?
They don't want me.
They don't want people to see the truth.
They don't want that money anymore.
They don't want the truth.
They don't want their children to go to school.
They don't want their picture taken.
They don't want their pictures taken.
They don't want things to change.
They don't want to accept me as I am.
They don't want to accept our conditions.
They don't want to admit that it's really a passing fad.
They don't want to advance in years.
They don't want to anger the Algerian government.
They don't want to be in a band anymore.
They don't want to be involved.
They don't want to bring trouble upon themselves.
They don't want to call their lawyer.
They don't want to call their lawyers.
They don't want to change.
They don't want to clean their rooms.
They don't want to come.
They don't want to cut anything out of the budget.
They don't want to die.
They don't want to do it by themselves.
They don't want to do it themselves.
They don't want to do that themselves.
They don't want to drink anything cold.
They don't want to drink anything that's cold.
They don't want to dye their hair.
They don't want to face their illness.
They don't want to get in the middle of sisters.
They don't want to get out of bed.
They don't want to get themselves into a mess.
They don't want to go home.
They don't want to go to Germany.
They don't want to go to prison, do they?
They don't want to go to school today.
They don't want to go.
They don't want to grow old.
They don't want to grow up.
They don't want to hear any excuses.
They don't want to help us.
They don't want to hurt you. They just want to talk to you.
They don't want to invest in Algeria.
They don't want to learn Kabyle writing.
They don't want to leave Mom alone.
They don't want to leave.
They don't want to listen to me anymore.
They don't want to live by themselves.
They don't want to live on their own.
They don't want to live together.
They don't want to lose any more.
They don't want to lose their Islamic heritage.
They don't want to lose their jobs.
They don't want to open new fronts.
They don't want to open the window.
They don't want to pay.
They don't want to protect your freedoms. They want to take them away.
They don't want to relax.
They don't want to right now.
They don't want to see a wider war.
They don't want to see me.
They don't want to see you.
They don't want to sell their car.
They don't want to sell their cars.
They don't want to sell their farm.
They don't want to sell their farms.
They don't want to sell their land.
They don't want to sleep.
They don't want to speak in English.
They don't want to take a chance at love.
They don't want to take a picture with me.
They don't want to take my opinion into account.
They don't want to take risks.
They don't want to take us with them.
They don't want to talk about it.
They don't want to talk about marriage.
They don't want to talk to me.
They don't want to tell the truth.
They don't want to tell you their phone numbers.
They don't want to understand at all.
They don't want to use credit.
They don't want to use it.
They don't want to wait so long.
They don't want to.
They don't want troubles.
They don't want us here.
They don't want us paying any attention to the man behind the curtain.
They don't want us to be happy.
They don't want us to know what they're doing.
They don't want us to know.
They don't want us to see what they're doing.
They don't want us to stay here.
They don't want us working together.
They don't want us.
They don't want you back.
They don't want you here.
They don't want you on the team.
They don't want you there.
They don't want you to be here, Tom.
They don't want you to educate yourself out of the cage they have put you in.
They don't want you to go, do they?
They don't want you to know the truth.
They don't want you to know what they did or why.
They don't want you to know.
They don't want you to use it.
They don't want you.
They don't want you. They want Tom.
They don't want your gold.
They don't waste any time, do they?
They don't wear glasses, but they used to.
They don't wear shoes.
They don't welcome newcomers at all.
They don't wish for us to accompany them.
They don't wish to cause themselves problems.
They don't work at night.
They don't work for free.
They don't work very hard.
They don't work with us anymore.
They don't work, they just hang around in the streets.
They don't work, they just loiter in the streets.
They don't work.
They don't worry about money.
They don't worry about what's going to happen tomorrow.
They don't worship idols.
They don't write poetry like that anymore.
They don't write songs like this anymore.
They don't yet know what they'll do.
They donated books to the charity.
They donated money to the Red Cross.
They don’t allow us to go to disco.
They don’t always obey their parents.
They don’t belong under that category.
They don’t deal in political matters.
They don’t decide important matters.
They don’t deserve sole blame, but there should be more soul-searching.
They don’t do a lick of work.
They don’t eat meat.
They don’t even know why.
They don’t get along together.
They don’t go to school at the weekend.
They don’t go well together.
They don’t have Taiwanese passports?
They don’t have a computer.
They don’t have an ear for music.
They don’t have anything in common at all.
They don’t have enough income to lay aside for the future.
They don’t have the slightest knowledge of geography.
They don’t have to go to school today.
They don’t know each other very well.
They don’t know it well.
They don’t know my name.
They don’t know that I’m Japanese.
They don’t know what difficulties Tom went through in his youth.
They don’t know what they are missing.
They don’t know what they should do with the money.
They don’t let anyone enter without special permission.
They don’t like me.
They don’t like my friends.
They don’t like their steaks thin.
They don’t love their school enough.
They don’t realize that they’re being used as pawns to obtain a wider political objective.
They don’t see me anymore.
They don’t see the extent to which they depend on others.
They don’t seem to approve of the plan.
They don’t seem to be Americans.
They don’t take care of that dog.
They don’t think therefore they aren’t.
They don’t use chairs or tables.
They don’t use the table and chairs.
They don’t use ’celeb’ to mean ’rich man’ over there. By which I determine that you are Japanese.
They don’t want Nuja to go to school all rumpled.
They don’t want to advance in years.
They don’t want to be late for school.
They don’t want to use credit.
They double-crossed us.
They doubt what I say.
They dove beneath ships in hardhat diving suits.
They dove in one after the other.
They downloaded WhatsApp.
They downloaded the file.
They downloaded the movie.
They dragged her behind them.
They dragged her into the cellar and raped her.
They dragged him behind them.
They dragged their boat onto the beach.
They dragged themselves out of bed.
They drained their glasses.
They drank a bottle of red wine at dinner.
They drank a cup of coffee.
They drank all day long.
They drank coffee together this morning.
They drank coffee.
They drank cola.
They drank from the mountain spring.
They drank mead in the tavern.
They drank smoothies.
They drank some beer, didn't they?
They drank some water.
They drank tea at the café.
They drank tea with lemon, for his nagging cough, with his usual lump and a half of sugar.
They drank the juice.
They drank the water.
They drank their coffee.
They drank their wine.
They drank too much.
They drank two bottles of wine.
They drank way too much.
They drank wine.
They drank.
They draw a dog in a house.
They dread death in case it might carry them off.
They dream of a brighter future.
They dream of the day when they'll be rolling in money.
They dream of the day when they’ll be rolling in money.
They dream.
They dreamed about having a poney.
They dreamed they'd gain the right to vote someday.
They dreamed they’d gain the right to vote someday.
They dressed Vassili in fine clothes and next day he was married to Anastasia.
They dressed themselves quickly.
They dressed up.
They drew Dragon Ball characters.
They drew Mina.
They drew closer to each other.
They drew from memory.
They drew lots to see who would go first.
They drew pictures of their house.
They drew the boat on the beach.
They drew their boat on the beach.
They drew this.
They drew two lines.
They drew water from the mountainous spring.
They dried their eyes.
They dried their faces with towels.
They dried themselves in the sun.
They dried themselves with bath towels.
They drifted down the river.
They drifted further and further apart as time went on.
They drink a buttery tea.
They drink a good deal of tea in England.
They drink a lot of coffee in Finland.
They drink a lot of lemonade.
They drink a lot of water.
They drink a lot.
They drink a sweet milky tea.
They drink coffee after lunch.
They drink coffee at home.
They drink coffee daily.
They drink coffee.
They drink coke.
They drink cola.
They drink like nobody's business.
They drink lots of water.
They drink milk.
They drink olive oil.
They drink some beer.
They drink too much.
They drink water.
They drink.
They drive black cars, don't they?
They drive on the left in England.
They drive sports cars, don't they?
They drive the car to the station.
They driving a Porsche now.
They dropped Rima off.
They dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima.
They dropped in at our house on their way from the movie.
They dropped out of school.
They dropped out of their school.
They dropped out.
They dropped the box accidentally.
They dropped their children off at school.
They dropped their kids off at school.
They dropped their phones.
They drove Dad nuts.
They drove Linda crazy.
They drove Tom out of there.
They drove Tom to hospital.
They drove a Chevy.
They drove a Volvo.
They drove a tunnel through the hill.
They drove across several villages during the trip.
They drove away.
They drove back to the hospital.
They drove deep into enemy territory.
They drove for ten or fifteen minutes in silence.
They drove her off on an ambulance.
They drove home.
They drove in silence.
They drove me to the hospital.
They drove off into the sunset.
They drove off somewhere.
They drove off.
They drove really fast.
They drove the adults crazy.
They drove the car by turns.
They drove the car one after the other.
They drove the kids home.
They drove their children to school.
They drove their children to the pool.
They drove their kids to school.
They drove to Chicago.
They drove to Rouiba.
They drove to the mosque.
They drove to the post office.
They drove to the station by car.
They drove us to Kabylie, Algeria.
They drove us to the hospital.
They drove wagons and carried supplies.
They drown.
They drowned in the ocean.
They drowned in their swimming pool.
They drowned.
They drugged each other.
They drugged me.
They dry the dishes.
They dug a grave for their dog.
They dug a grave.
They dug a hole in their backyard.
They dug a hole.
They dug a tunnel under the house.
They dug an illegal well.
They dug down up to twelve meters under sea level.
They dug here and there for treasure.
They dug miles of underground tunnels to resist the enemy attack.
They dug through mud and wet clay.
They dug through the mountain and built a tunnel.
They dug up Tom's body and gave him a proper burial.
They dug up a box containing human remains.
They duped me.
They dusted themselves off.
They dye their hair, don't they?
They dye their hair.
They dyed the fabric light red.
They dyed their hair brown.
They dyed their hair.
They dyed their old T-shirts blue.
They each drank a glass.
They each drank half a liter of wine.
They each drank half a litre of wine.
They each got a D.
They each got two books.
They each had a weapon.
They each had three.
They each have a piece of the puzzle.
They each have half a dozen grandchildren, but Tom has more granddaughters, as Mary has only grandsons.
They each paid separately.
They each pull on their side.
They each received a present.
They each received an apple.
They each received three apples.
They each received two books.
They each sang in turn.
They eagerly awaited the arrival of their guests.
They eagerly supported his new policy.
They earmarked enough money for research work.
They earn enough money in one week to buy a house.
They earn less.
They earn money.
They earn their living as teachers.
They earn their living by collecting and selling old newspapers.
They earn two hundred dollars a day.
They earned it.
They earned money.
They earned their doctorates at Harvard.
They earned their doctorates in 2013.
They eased his heart.
They eased my heart.
They eased our hearts.
They eased your heart.
They easily adapted to living abroad.
They easily fall back on his company.
They eat a lot of rice in Japan.
They eat a lot of rice.
They eat a lot, don't they?
They eat almost everything with chopsticks.
They eat and drink.
They eat banana.
They eat bread.
They eat caviar.
They eat chocolate.
They eat dinner at twelve o'clock.
They eat dinner at twelve o’clock.
They eat everything their mother puts in front of them.
They eat fast.
They eat fish on Fridays.
They eat fish.
They eat fruit for breakfast.
They eat fruit.
They eat half of the world's halibut.
They eat half the world's wheat.
They eat half the world’s wheat.
They eat ham.
They eat healthy foods.
They eat hotdogs whenever they can.
They eat ice cream.
They eat in secret.
They eat lunch at their desks.
They eat lunch by themselves every day.
They eat meat every week.
They eat meat on occasion.
They eat meat once a week.
They eat meat very rarely.
They eat meat.
They eat melon seeds while they play cards.
They eat only what they want to eat.
They eat plants.
They eat raw meat.
They eat rice.
They eat shark.
They eat stale bread.
They eat steak every chance they get.
They eat sunflower seeds while playing cards.
They eat sweets.
They eat these things.
They eat tomatoes.
They eat vegetables daily.
They eat very little.
They eat with a knife and fork.
They eat.
They edit Wikipedia.
They edited the video on Rima's computer.
