Are you sure Tom got the message?
Are you sure Tom has to do that?
Are you sure Tom hasn't been lying to us?
Are you sure Tom is OK?
Are you sure Tom is a bounty hunter?
Are you sure Tom is a native French speaker?
Are you sure Tom is alone?
Are you sure Tom is coming back?
Are you sure Tom is coming?
Are you sure Tom is dead?
Are you sure Tom is going to be there?
Are you sure Tom is going to do that?
Are you sure Tom is going to win?
Are you sure Tom is happy?
Are you sure Tom is here?
Are you sure Tom is in Australia now?
Are you sure Tom is married?
Are you sure Tom is on his way back?
Are you sure Tom is ready to do that?
Are you sure Tom is ready?
Are you sure Tom is safe?
Are you sure Tom is still alive?
Are you sure Tom is the person you saw?
Are you sure Tom isn't afraid of dogs?
Are you sure Tom isn't allergic to peanuts?
Are you sure Tom isn't busy?
Are you sure Tom isn't here?
Are you sure Tom isn't lying?
Are you sure Tom isn't married?
Are you sure Tom isn't the one who did that?
Are you sure Tom knows what he's doing?
Are you sure Tom knows what he's supposed to do?
Are you sure Tom left?
Are you sure Tom lied to us?
Are you sure Tom needs another one?
Are you sure Tom needs to do that?
Are you sure Tom said he was planning on doing that tomorrow?
Are you sure Tom said he was planning to do that tomorrow?
Are you sure Tom shouldn't do that?
Are you sure Tom told the truth?
Are you sure Tom understands French?
Are you sure Tom wants to do that?
Are you sure Tom wants to win?
Are you sure Tom was at school today?
Are you sure Tom was the one who did that?
Are you sure Tom was the one who did this?
Are you sure Tom wasn't the one who did that?
Are you sure Tom went to Australia?
Are you sure Tom went to Boston?
Are you sure Tom will be there?
Are you sure Tom will come back?
Are you sure Tom will come?
Are you sure Tom will do that?
Are you sure Tom will let us do that?
Are you sure Tom will let us help Mary?
Are you sure Tom will let us help him?
Are you sure Tom will let us sing with his group?
Are you sure Tom will let us sleep in his basement?
Are you sure Tom will let us swim?
Are you sure Tom will let us win?
Are you sure Tom will win?
Are you sure Tom winked at me?
Are you sure Tom won't be angry?
Are you sure Tom won't be busy?
Are you sure Tom won't be here until 2:30?
Are you sure Tom won't be here?
Are you sure Tom won't mind if I sleep in his bed?
Are you sure Tom won't remember anything?
Are you sure Tom would be willing to help us?
Are you sure Tom's going to be there?
Are you sure Tom's your son?
Are you sure about Tom?
Are you sure about all this?
Are you sure about it?
Are you sure about that, Yanni?
Are you sure about that?
Are you sure about the cost of that car?
Are you sure about the price of that car?
Are you sure about this, Tom?
Are you sure about this?
Are you sure about what you want to do?
Are you sure don't want to go to Australia?
Are you sure everyone's already asleep?
Are you sure everyone's already left?
Are you sure everything is OK?
Are you sure everything is okay?
Are you sure everything will go well?
Are you sure everything's OK?
Are you sure everything's all right?
Are you sure he can be trusted?
Are you sure he can do that?
Are you sure he can do this?
Are you sure he doesn't have a girlfriend?
Are you sure he'll be able to do it?
Are you sure he'll help us?
Are you sure he's a native speaker?
Are you sure he's behind all that?
Are you sure he's behind all this?
Are you sure he's right?
Are you sure her name is Mary?
Are you sure her name was Mary?
Are you sure his name is Tom?
Are you sure his name was Tom?
Are you sure it belongs to Tom?
Are you sure it is a coincidence?
Are you sure it is yours?
Are you sure it isn't her?
Are you sure it isn't him?
Are you sure it was John?
Are you sure it was Tom and not John?
Are you sure it was Tom and not Mary who did that?
Are you sure it was Tom and not Yanni?
Are you sure it was Tom that you saw crossing the street?
Are you sure it was Tom that you saw?
Are you sure it was Tom who did that?
Are you sure it was Tom who did this?
Are you sure it was Tom who showed Mary how to do that?
Are you sure it was Tom who taught Mary how to do that?
Are you sure it was Tom who taught Mary how to drive?
Are you sure it was Tom who told Mary that?
Are you sure it was Tom who told Mary to do that?
Are you sure it was Tom you saw crossing the street?
Are you sure it was Tom you saw doing that?
Are you sure it was Tom you saw?
Are you sure it was Tom you spoke to, and not his brother?
Are you sure it was Tom you spoke to? Could it have been his brother?
Are you sure it was Tom you spoke to? Was it perhaps his brother?
Are you sure it was Tom?
Are you sure it was a ghost?
Are you sure it was her?
Are you sure it was him?
Are you sure it was me?
Are you sure it was my kids who did this?
Are you sure it was them?
Are you sure it was yesterday that Tom did that?
Are you sure it wasn't Tom?
Are you sure it wasn't an accident?
Are you sure it wasn't just a dream?
Are you sure it wasn't just an accident?
Are you sure it will work?
Are you sure it won't explode?
Are you sure it'll be OK?
Are you sure it'll work?
Are you sure it's OK to do this?
Are you sure it's OK to drink this water?
Are you sure it's OK to leave Tom alone with Mary?
Are you sure it's a centipede?
Are you sure it's a coincidence?
Are you sure it's a human bone?
Are you sure it's all over?
Are you sure it's all true?
Are you sure it's going to work?
Are you sure it's her?
Are you sure it's here?
Are you sure it's hers?
Are you sure it's him?
Are you sure it's his?
Are you sure it's impossible?
Are you sure it's no trouble?
Are you sure it's not a fire?
Are you sure it's not contagious?
Are you sure it's not possible?
Are you sure it's not the other way around?
Are you sure it's safe here?
Are you sure it's safe to camp there?
Are you sure it's safe to eat this?
Are you sure it's safe to hire an escort online?
Are you sure it's safe to move this dynamite?
Are you sure it's safe to stand that close to the edge of the cliff?
Are you sure it's safe?
Are you sure it's them?
Are you sure it's waterproof?
Are you sure it's yours?
Are you sure it’s no trouble?
Are you sure no one can see us?
Are you sure no one else is in the house?
Are you sure no one followed you?
Are you sure no one saw you?
Are you sure no one's around?
Are you sure nobody can see us?
Are you sure nobody saw you?
Are you sure nobody's around?
Are you sure nobody's hurt?
Are you sure nothing happened while I was gone?
Are you sure nothing is gonna happen?
Are you sure nothing's going to happen?
Are you sure nothing's wrong?
Are you sure of her coming on time?
Are you sure of it?
Are you sure of that?
Are you sure of this?
Are you sure of your answer?
Are you sure of your facts?
Are you sure one bottle of wine is going to be enough?
Are you sure she can be trusted?
Are you sure she can do it?
Are you sure she can do this?
Are you sure she didn't hear anything?
Are you sure she doesn't have a boyfriend?
Are you sure she is Swedish?
Are you sure she speaks Spanish?
Are you sure she was telling the truth?
Are you sure she'll come on time?
Are you sure she's right?
Are you sure she's speaking Portuguese?
Are you sure that I don't need to go?
Are you sure that Ken is busy now?
Are you sure that Midori plays the violin well?
Are you sure that Sami is Layla's "only" other man?
Are you sure that Tom and Mary are still married? I heard that they got divorced.
Are you sure that Tom and Mary aren't talking to each other anymore?
Are you sure that Tom and Mary don't talk to each other any more?
Are you sure that Tom ate?
Are you sure that Tom can do it by himself?
Are you sure that Tom can do this?
Are you sure that Tom cheated?
Are you sure that Tom did that?
Are you sure that Tom didn't do that?
Are you sure that Tom didn't see Mary?
Are you sure that Tom didn't see you?
Are you sure that Tom didn't suspect anything?
Are you sure that Tom didn't win?
Are you sure that Tom doesn't like Mary?
Are you sure that Tom doesn't live here?
Are you sure that Tom doesn't suspect anything?
Are you sure that Tom hasn't been lying to us?
Are you sure that Tom is Mary's boyfriend?
Are you sure that Tom is a native French speaker?
Are you sure that Tom is behind this?
Are you sure that Tom is busy now?
Are you sure that Tom is going to be there?
Are you sure that Tom is going to do that?
Are you sure that Tom is happy?
Are you sure that Tom is here?
Are you sure that Tom is in Australia now?
Are you sure that Tom is in Boston now?
Are you sure that Tom isn't lying?
Are you sure that Tom plays the violin?
Are you sure that Tom really likes Mary?
Are you sure that Tom shouldn't do that?
Are you sure that Tom wants to do that?
Are you sure that Tom was the one who did that?
Are you sure that Tom wasn't the one who did that?
Are you sure that Tom went to Australia?
Are you sure that Tom will come?
Are you sure that Tom will do that?
Are you sure that Tom will let us do that?
Are you sure that Tom will win?
Are you sure that Tom winked at me?
Are you sure that don't want to go to Australia?
Are you sure that guy's name is Tom?
Are you sure that he will come in time?
Are you sure that is exactly what happened?
Are you sure that is one of mine?
Are you sure that is yours?
Are you sure that isn't Tom's?
Are you sure that it belongs to Tom?
Are you sure that it was Tom and not Mary who did that?
Are you sure that it was Tom that you saw crossing the street?
Are you sure that it was Tom who did that?
Are you sure that it was Tom who told Mary that?
Are you sure that it was Tom?
Are you sure that it was yesterday that Tom did that?
Are you sure that it's OK to drink this water?
Are you sure that it's a centipede?
Are you sure that it's a human bone?
Are you sure that it's safe?
Are you sure that it's yours?
Are you sure that man is a doctor?
Are you sure that man's name is Tom?
Are you sure that no one can see us?
Are you sure that nobody can see us?
Are you sure that she's not lying?
Are you sure that that's the best thing to do?
Are you sure that that's the only solution?
Are you sure that that's what Tom wants?
Are you sure that that's what you should be doing?
Are you sure that that's what you want to do?
Are you sure that that's yours?
Are you sure that there's no meat in this soup?
Are you sure that there's no way we can do that?
Are you sure that there's nothing more I can do?
Are you sure that there's nothing more you can do?
Are you sure that this car was made in Germany?
Are you sure that this is how we get in?
Are you sure that this is safe to eat?
Are you sure that this is the most suited?
Are you sure that this is the right place?
Are you sure that this is what we should be doing?
Are you sure that this isn't true?
Are you sure that this man is called Tom?
Are you sure that this umbrella belongs to Tom?
Are you sure that umbrella is yours?
Are you sure that was Tom?
Are you sure that was what Tom said?
Are you sure that we can do that?
Are you sure that we should make this change?
Are you sure that we'll be allowed to do that?
Are you sure that we'll get there before everybody else?
Are you sure that we'll get there before everyone else?
Are you sure that we'll get there before the others?
Are you sure that we're going in the right direction?
Are you sure that we're not overlooking anything?
Are you sure that we're talking about the same person?
Are you sure that what you just said is true?
Are you sure that what you say is true?
Are you sure that what you want so badly will also make you happy?
Are you sure that you can do that by yourself?
Are you sure that you can do that by yourselves?
Are you sure that you can do that?
Are you sure that you can do this by yourself?
Are you sure that you can find your way home?
Are you sure that you can handle this by yourselves?
Are you sure that you can visit me tomorrow?
Are you sure that you can't buy one of those in Australia?
Are you sure that you closed the door?
Are you sure that you deleted everything?
Are you sure that you didn't say that?
Are you sure that you don't know what this is?
Are you sure that you don't mind?
Are you sure that you don't need to be there?
Are you sure that you don't need to buy more food?
Are you sure that you don't need to do that?
Are you sure that you don't need to get home?
Are you sure that you don't need to help Tom do that?
Are you sure that you don't need to help Tom?
Are you sure that you don't want me to bring him to the hospital?
Are you sure that you don't want me to go to Australia with you?
Are you sure that you don't want me to go with you?
Are you sure that you don't want me to talk to Tom about that?
Are you sure that you don't want to drive?
Are you sure that you don't want to go to Australia with Tom?
Are you sure that you don't want to go to Australia?
Are you sure that you don't want to move to Australia?
Are you sure that you don't want to work for that company?
Are you sure that you have enough money?
Are you sure that you haven't forgotten anything?
Are you sure that you know how to drive this?
Are you sure that you know how to fly this plane?
Are you sure that you know me?
Are you sure that you know what to do?
Are you sure that you left your bag here?
Are you sure that you locked the door?
Are you sure that you locked the doors?
Are you sure that you want me to ask Tom that?
Are you sure that you want me to do that?
Are you sure that you want me to sell this?
Are you sure that you want to continue doing this?
Are you sure that you want to delete this file?
Are you sure that you want to do it this way?
Are you sure that you want to do that by yourselves?
Are you sure that you want to do that?
Are you sure that you want to do this?
Are you sure that you want to eat that?
Are you sure that you want to give this away?
Are you sure that you want to go there?
Are you sure that you want to go to Australia with Tom?
Are you sure that you want to keep doing this?
Are you sure that you want to know the truth?
Are you sure that you want to know?
Are you sure that you want to leave the page?
Are you sure that you want to leave the website?
Are you sure that you want to leave?
Are you sure that you want to quit your job?
Are you sure that you want to stay here by yourselves?
Are you sure that you want to throw that away?
Are you sure that you want to work with me?
Are you sure that you won't do that tomorrow?
Are you sure that you'll be all right?
Are you sure that you're feeling better?
Are you sure that you're going to be all right?
Are you sure that'll work?
Are you sure that's Tom's trumpet?
Are you sure that's Tom?
Are you sure that's a good idea?
Are you sure that's all?
Are you sure that's enough?
Are you sure that's exactly what happened?
Are you sure that's going to work?
Are you sure that's how it's supposed to be done?
Are you sure that's necessary?
Are you sure that's right?
Are you sure that's safe?
Are you sure that's the best thing to do?
Are you sure that's the only solution?
Are you sure that's the right word?
Are you sure that's true?
Are you sure that's what Tom and Mary want?
Are you sure that's what Tom and Mary were doing?
Are you sure that's what Tom said?
Are you sure that's what Tom wants?
Are you sure that's what Tom was doing?
Are you sure that's what it was?
Are you sure that's what you mean?
Are you sure that's what you really want?
Are you sure that's what you saw?
Are you sure that's what you should be doing?
Are you sure that's what you want to do?
Are you sure that's what you want?
Are you sure that's wise?
Are you sure that's yours?
Are you sure the book I'm looking for is on this shelf?
Are you sure the book is on this shelf?
Are you sure the boss will let us go home early?
Are you sure the dress looks good?
Are you sure the person you saw was Tom?
Are you sure the phone is down here?
Are you sure the test is anonymous?
Are you sure the vase was stolen?
Are you sure their names are Tom and Mary?
Are you sure there are no snakes in Ireland?
Are you sure there aren't any other solutions?
Are you sure there aren't any snakes in Ireland?
Are you sure there is no trouble?
Are you sure there isn't any easier way to do this?
Are you sure there isn't rat meat in that burger?
Are you sure there isn't some kind of mistake?
Are you sure there wasn't some kind of misunderstanding?
Are you sure there were only three of them?
Are you sure there's no meat in this soup?
Are you sure there's no one else here?
Are you sure there's no other way to do this?
Are you sure there's no possibility?
Are you sure there's no solution?
Are you sure there's no way we can do that?
Are you sure there's no way?
Are you sure there's nobody out there?
Are you sure there's nothing I can do?
Are you sure there's nothing else I can do for you?
Are you sure there's nothing else I can do to help?
Are you sure there's nothing else to drink?
Are you sure there's nothing else to eat?
Are you sure there's nothing else we have to do?
Are you sure there's nothing in there?
Are you sure there's nothing left to do?
Are you sure there's nothing left to drink?
Are you sure there's nothing left to eat?
Are you sure there's nothing left?
Are you sure there's nothing more I can do?
Are you sure there's nothing more you can do?
Are you sure there's nothing there?
Are you sure there's nothing to worry about?
Are you sure there's nothing wrong with your car?
Are you sure these belong to Tom?
Are you sure these mushrooms are safe to eat?
Are you sure they are here?
Are you sure they are not lying?
Are you sure they are not right?
Are you sure they are right?
Are you sure they can do that?
Are you sure they can do this?
Are you sure they play video games?
Are you sure they will come today?
Are you sure they will come?
Are you sure they will play today?
Are you sure they will play tomorrow?
Are you sure they won't talk to each other any more?
Are you sure this information is reliable?
Are you sure this is OK?
Are you sure this is Tom's house?
Are you sure this is Tom's office?
Are you sure this is Tom's room?
Are you sure this is Tom's suitcase?
Are you sure this is Tom's?
Are you sure this is a beginner's class?
Are you sure this is a coincidence?
Are you sure this is a good idea?
Are you sure this is a good time?
Are you sure this is a shortcut?
Are you sure this is abalone?
Are you sure this is absolutely necessary?
Are you sure this is going to work?
Are you sure this is how we get in?
Are you sure this is in Tom's best interest?
Are you sure this is it?
Are you sure this is real?
Are you sure this is right?
Are you sure this is safe to eat?
Are you sure this is safe?
Are you sure this is such a bright idea?
Are you sure this is the best way to do it?
Are you sure this is the best way to do this?
Are you sure this is the place we're supposed to be?
Are you sure this is the place?
Are you sure this is the right address?
Are you sure this is the right book?
Are you sure this is the right number?
Are you sure this is the right place?
Are you sure this is the right road?
Are you sure this is the right room?
Are you sure this is the right spot?
Are you sure this is the right train?
Are you sure this is the right way to do it?
Are you sure this is the right way to do this?
Are you sure this is the right way?
Are you sure this is the room we're supposed to be in?
Are you sure this is the spot?
Are you sure this is what Tom wanted us to buy?
Are you sure this is what we should be doing?
Are you sure this is what we're supposed to be doing?
Are you sure this is what we're supposed to do?
Are you sure this is what you want to do?
Are you sure this is what you want?
Are you sure this is where Tom and Mary live?
Are you sure this is where Tom and Mary were?
Are you sure this is where Tom lives?
Are you sure this is where Tom was?
Are you sure this is where we're supposed to turn?
Are you sure this is where you parked your car?
Are you sure this is where you saw her?
Are you sure this isn't going to hurt?
Are you sure this isn't poison?
Are you sure this isn't some kind of mistake?
Are you sure this place is safe?
Are you sure this plan is going to work?
Are you sure this plan will work?
Are you sure this sentence is correct?
Are you sure this song is suitable for a school concert, Tom?
Are you sure this thing is safe?
Are you sure this time?
Are you sure this umbrella belongs to Tom?
Are you sure this weighs a kilo?
Are you sure this will work?
Are you sure this won't backfire on us?
Are you sure this'll work?
Are you sure those students are Canadians?
Are you sure we can count on Tom?
Are you sure we can do that?
Are you sure we can do this?
Are you sure we can move freely in Space? Right and left we can go, backward and forward freely enough, and men always have done so. I admit we move freely in two dimensions. But how about up and down? Gravitation limits us there.
Are you sure we can trust Tom?
Are you sure we can trust her?
Are you sure we can trust him?
Are you sure we can trust them?
Are you sure we can't repair this camera?
Are you sure we don't have any tea left?
Are you sure we don't need an appointment?
Are you sure we have a meeting tomorrow?
Are you sure we have enough beer?
Are you sure we have enough food for a week?
Are you sure we have enough food for everyone?
Are you sure we have enough food?
Are you sure we have enough money to buy everything?
Are you sure we have enough money?
Are you sure we have enough time?
Are you sure we have enough water for a week?
Are you sure we have enough water?
Are you sure we have not met before?
Are you sure we have time for this?
Are you sure we have to be there by 2:30?
Are you sure we haven't met?
Are you sure we should be doing this?
Are you sure we should pursue this?
Are you sure we want to come back here?
Are you sure we'll be allowed to do that?
Are you sure we'll get there before everybody else?
Are you sure we'll get there before everyone else?
Are you sure we'll get there before the others?
Are you sure we're allowed to do that?
Are you sure we're allowed to swim here?
Are you sure we're doing the right thing?
Are you sure we're doing what we're supposed to be doing?
Are you sure we're going in the right direction?
Are you sure we're going the right way?
Are you sure we're headed in the right direction?
Are you sure we're on the right road?
Are you sure we're permitted to do that?
Are you sure we're safe here?
Are you sure we're talking about the same Tom?
Are you sure we're talking about the same person?
Are you sure we're talking about the same thing?
Are you sure we've never met before?
Are you sure what we just saw was a monkey?
Are you sure what we just saw wasn't a monkey?
Are you sure what you're saying is true?
Are you sure you and Tom can do this by yourselves?
Are you sure you and Tom have enough food?
Are you sure you and Tom have enough water?
Are you sure you and Tom haven't met?
Are you sure you are feeling better?
Are you sure you are not lying now?
Are you sure you are ok?
Are you sure you aren't cold?
Are you sure you aren't gay?
Are you sure you aren't imagining things?
Are you sure you aren't mistaken?
Are you sure you asked Tom?
Are you sure you can afford this?
Are you sure you can do it?
Are you sure you can do that by yourself?
Are you sure you can do that by yourselves?
Are you sure you can do that without any help?
Are you sure you can do that without our help?
Are you sure you can do that?
Are you sure you can do this by yourself?
Are you sure you can do this?
Are you sure you can drink that much?
Are you sure you can drive a truck this big?
Are you sure you can feed us all?
Are you sure you can find your way home?
Are you sure you can get Tom to help?
Are you sure you can get around in that dress?
Are you sure you can handle all that?
Are you sure you can handle it by yourself?
Are you sure you can handle it?
Are you sure you can handle the responsibility? There's lots of work involved.
Are you sure you can handle this by yourself?
Are you sure you can handle this by yourselves?
Are you sure you can handle this?
Are you sure you can keep going?
Are you sure you can manage on your own?
Are you sure you can manage?
Are you sure you can read a map? Give it here.
Are you sure you can swim that far?
Are you sure you can trust Tom?
Are you sure you can trust her?
Are you sure you can trust him?
Are you sure you can trust them?
Are you sure you can visit me tomorrow?
Are you sure you can't buy one of those in Australia?
Are you sure you can't buy one of those in Boston?
Are you sure you can't come with me?
Are you sure you can't help us?
Are you sure you can't stay here?
Are you sure you can't stay?
Are you sure you can't take a short break?
Are you sure you closed the door?
Are you sure you dialed the right number?
Are you sure you did everything you could?
Are you sure you did everything you were supposed to do?
Are you sure you did that?
Are you sure you didn't do anything?
Are you sure you didn't forget anything?
Are you sure you didn't hear anything?
Are you sure you didn't recognize that guy?
Are you sure you didn't say that?
Are you sure you don't care?
Are you sure you don't have anything bigger?
Are you sure you don't have anything less expensive?
Are you sure you don't have enough money to buy that?
Are you sure you don't have school tomorrow?
Are you sure you don't know Tom?
Are you sure you don't know anybody here?
Are you sure you don't know anything about this?
Are you sure you don't know something about this?
Are you sure you don't know what it was?
Are you sure you don't know what this is?
Are you sure you don't mind if I leave?
Are you sure you don't mind if I stay?
Are you sure you don't mind me tagging along?
Are you sure you don't mind?
Are you sure you don't need any help?
Are you sure you don't need anything else?
Are you sure you don't need my help?
Are you sure you don't need to be there?
Are you sure you don't need to buy more food?
Are you sure you don't need to do that?
Are you sure you don't need to get home?
Are you sure you don't need to help Tom do that?
Are you sure you don't need to help Tom?
Are you sure you don't remember anything?
Are you sure you don't remember what happened?
Are you sure you don't remember?
Are you sure you don't use machine translations?
Are you sure you don't want a cup of coffee?
Are you sure you don't want a glass of water?
Are you sure you don't want a little more spaghetti?
Are you sure you don't want another soda?
Are you sure you don't want any help?
Are you sure you don't want any more coffee?
Are you sure you don't want anything else?
Are you sure you don't want anything to eat?
Are you sure you don't want anything?
Are you sure you don't want coffee?
Are you sure you don't want it?
Are you sure you don't want me there with you?
Are you sure you don't want me to buy you a ticket?
Are you sure you don't want me to buy you something at the supermarket?
Are you sure you don't want me to call Tom?
Are you sure you don't want me to come with you?
Are you sure you don't want me to drive you home?
Are you sure you don't want me to go to Australia with you?
Are you sure you don't want me to go to Boston with you?
Are you sure you don't want me to go with you?
Are you sure you don't want me to help you do the laundry?
Are you sure you don't want me to help you out?
Are you sure you don't want me to help you with that?
Are you sure you don't want me to help you with your homework?
Are you sure you don't want me to help?
Are you sure you don't want me to say anything?
Are you sure you don't want me to stay?
Are you sure you don't want me to take you to the hospital?
Are you sure you don't want me to talk to Tom about that?
Are you sure you don't want me to talk to Tom?
Are you sure you don't want me to tell Tom?
Are you sure you don't want me to wait here with Tom?
Are you sure you don't want one?
Are you sure you don't want some juice?
Are you sure you don't want some of this?
Are you sure you don't want some tea?
Are you sure you don't want something a little smaller?
Are you sure you don't want something to eat?
Are you sure you don't want this?
Are you sure you don't want to ask Tom to help?
Are you sure you don't want to come in?
Are you sure you don't want to come inside?
Are you sure you don't want to come tonight?
Are you sure you don't want to come with me to get a cup of coffee?
Are you sure you don't want to come with me?
Are you sure you don't want to come?
Are you sure you don't want to consider another option?
Are you sure you don't want to do that with us?
Are you sure you don't want to do that?
Are you sure you don't want to do this?
Are you sure you don't want to drive?
Are you sure you don't want to eat some of my delicious couscous?
Are you sure you don't want to get your own lawyer?
Are you sure you don't want to go fishing with us?
Are you sure you don't want to go see a doctor?
Are you sure you don't want to go shopping with us?
Are you sure you don't want to go swimming with us?
Are you sure you don't want to go to Australia with Tom?
Are you sure you don't want to go to Australia?
Are you sure you don't want to go to Boston with Tom?
Are you sure you don't want to go to Boston?
Are you sure you don't want to go to the doctor?
Are you sure you don't want to go with us?
Are you sure you don't want to go?
Are you sure you don't want to help me out?
Are you sure you don't want to join me?
Are you sure you don't want to keep it?
Are you sure you don't want to keep them?
Are you sure you don't want to live at home with your parents?
Are you sure you don't want to move to Australia?
Are you sure you don't want to move to Boston?
Are you sure you don't want to play tennis this afternoon?
Are you sure you don't want to sell it?
Are you sure you don't want to sleep on it?
Are you sure you don't want to stay for a couple of days?
Are you sure you don't want to stay for dinner?
Are you sure you don't want to stay here and wait with us?
Are you sure you don't want to stick around a little bit longer?
Are you sure you don't want to study at my house?
Are you sure you don't want to swim with us?
Are you sure you don't want to take a break?
Are you sure you don't want to tell me what you're after?
Are you sure you don't want to think about it for a while?
Are you sure you don't want to think about it until tomorrow?
Are you sure you don't want to try this?
Are you sure you don't want to use the toilet before you go?
Are you sure you don't want to wait for Tom?
Are you sure you don't want to wait till tomorrow?
Are you sure you don't want us to go with you?
Are you sure you don’t want me to go with you?
Are you sure you don’t want to go with us?
Are you sure you don’t want to use the toilet before you go?
Are you sure you feel OK?
Are you sure you feel all right?
Are you sure you got enough to eat?
Are you sure you got it right?
Are you sure you have enough cash?
Are you sure you have enough money to buy that?
Are you sure you have enough money?
Are you sure you have enough time to eat?
Are you sure you have everything that you need?
Are you sure you have everything you need?
Are you sure you have the right address?
Are you sure you have this right?
Are you sure you have time to help me right now?
Are you sure you have to be at the meeting?
Are you sure you have to leave?
Are you sure you have to renew your passport this year?
Are you sure you haven't forgotten anything?
Are you sure you haven't seen Tom?
Are you sure you haven't told anyone about this?
Are you sure you haven’t forgotten anything?
Are you sure you heard something?
Are you sure you just want water?
Are you sure you know how to do that?
Are you sure you know how to do this?
Are you sure you know how to drive this?
Are you sure you know how to fly this plane?
Are you sure you know me?
Are you sure you know what Tom and Mary have to do?
Are you sure you know what Tom and Mary need to do?
Are you sure you know what Tom and Mary need?
Are you sure you know what Tom and Mary want to do?
Are you sure you know what Tom and Mary want?
Are you sure you know what Tom has to do?
Are you sure you know what Tom needs to do?
Are you sure you know what Tom needs?
Are you sure you know what Tom wants to do?
Are you sure you know what Tom wants?
Are you sure you know what he wants?
Are you sure you know what needs to be done?
Are you sure you know what she wants?
Are you sure you know what they want?
Are you sure you know what to do?
Are you sure you know what to say?
Are you sure you know what you're doing?
Are you sure you know what you're on about?
Are you sure you know what you're supposed to do?
Are you sure you know what you're talking about?
Are you sure you know where Tom's house is?
Are you sure you know where we're going?
Are you sure you locked the door?
Are you sure you locked the doors?
Are you sure you made enough couscous?
Are you sure you pressed the button on the left?
Are you sure you pressed the last button?
Are you sure you pressed the right button?
Are you sure you really don't need anything?
Are you sure you really want to be here?
Are you sure you really want to do that?
Are you sure you really want to go swimming on a day like this?
Are you sure you really want to know the truth?
Are you sure you remember everything?
Are you sure you right-clicked?
Are you sure you saw Tom?
Are you sure you saw it?
Are you sure you saw nothing?
Are you sure you saw someone on the bridge?
Are you sure you saw someone?
Are you sure you saw something?
Are you sure you saw what you think you saw?
Are you sure you translated the sentence correctly?
Are you sure you translated this correctly?
Are you sure you tried everything?
Are you sure you turned off the stove?
Are you sure you two have never met?
Are you sure you understand what the risks are?
Are you sure you wanna do it?
Are you sure you wanna give up?
Are you sure you wanna hear this?
Are you sure you wanna play this game?
Are you sure you want me to help you with your homework?
Are you sure you want me to sell this?
Are you sure you want that one?
Are you sure you want this one?
Are you sure you want this?
Are you sure you want to be alone?
Are you sure you want to be here?
Are you sure you want to be left alone?
Are you sure you want to block this user?
Are you sure you want to borrow Tom's car without asking?
Are you sure you want to break up?
Are you sure you want to cancel the meeting?
Are you sure you want to change this?
Are you sure you want to close it?
Are you sure you want to come back here?
Are you sure you want to come back in here?
Are you sure you want to come in here?
Are you sure you want to come with me?
Are you sure you want to come?
Are you sure you want to continue doing that?
Are you sure you want to continue doing this?
Are you sure you want to continue?
Are you sure you want to convert to Islam?
Are you sure you want to delete this sentence?
Are you sure you want to delete those files?
Are you sure you want to delete your account?
Are you sure you want to do it this way?
Are you sure you want to do it?
Are you sure you want to do that by yourself?
Are you sure you want to do that by yourselves?
Are you sure you want to do that?
Are you sure you want to do this by yourself?
Are you sure you want to do this right now?
Are you sure you want to do this?
Are you sure you want to donate all these things?
Are you sure you want to drive all the way to Boston by yourself?
Are you sure you want to drive?
Are you sure you want to eat here?
Are you sure you want to eat that?
Are you sure you want to exist?
Are you sure you want to exit?
Are you sure you want to gamble that much money on one horse race?
Are you sure you want to get divorced?
Are you sure you want to get involved?
Are you sure you want to get married?
Are you sure you want to get mixed up in this?
Are you sure you want to get remarried?
Are you sure you want to give Tom that much money?
Are you sure you want to give Tom your old trumpet?
Are you sure you want to give all this stuff away?
Are you sure you want to give me this?
Are you sure you want to give this to me?
Are you sure you want to give up?
Are you sure you want to give your old trumpet to Tom?
Are you sure you want to go back in there?
Are you sure you want to go back to Boston?
Are you sure you want to go down this path?
Are you sure you want to go down this road?
Are you sure you want to go hiking?
Are you sure you want to go through with this?
Are you sure you want to go to Australia this time of year?
Are you sure you want to go to Australia with Tom?
Are you sure you want to go to Australia with us?
Are you sure you want to go to Australia?
Are you sure you want to go to Boston with Tom?
Are you sure you want to go to Boston?
Are you sure you want to go to Germany?
Are you sure you want to go to Tom and Mary's wedding?
Are you sure you want to go to that place?
Are you sure you want to go with Tom?
Are you sure you want to go?
Are you sure you want to have a party tonight?
Are you sure you want to have sex with me in secret from your parents?
Are you sure you want to hear about this?
Are you sure you want to hear the rest of the story?
Are you sure you want to hear the truth?
Are you sure you want to help Tom do that?
Are you sure you want to help?
Are you sure you want to join the special forces?
Are you sure you want to keep doing this?
Are you sure you want to keep this?
Are you sure you want to know the answer?
Are you sure you want to know this?
Are you sure you want to know what's in this box?
Are you sure you want to know who tried to kill you?
Are you sure you want to know?
Are you sure you want to leave Boston?
Are you sure you want to leave Tom here by himself?
Are you sure you want to leave Tom in charge?
Are you sure you want to leave early?
Are you sure you want to leave now?
Are you sure you want to leave without saying goodbye?
Are you sure you want to let Tom continue to do that?
Are you sure you want to let Tom do that?
Are you sure you want to let Tom get away with that?
Are you sure you want to let Tom in?
Are you sure you want to live here?
Are you sure you want to live in Boston?
Are you sure you want to live like a caveman?
Are you sure you want to live on the other side of town?
Are you sure you want to live together with me?
Are you sure you want to live with your father?
Are you sure you want to make Tom do that?
Are you sure you want to make that promise?
Are you sure you want to marry Tom?
Are you sure you want to move downtown?
Are you sure you want to move in with your grandparents?
Are you sure you want to move into town?
Are you sure you want to move to Boston?
Are you sure you want to move to the city centre?
Are you sure you want to move to town?
Are you sure you want to move?
Are you sure you want to park that close to the bonfire?
Are you sure you want to part with that?
Are you sure you want to pitch your tent this close to the river?
Are you sure you want to play this game?
Are you sure you want to proceed with this?
Are you sure you want to put that on the stove?
Are you sure you want to put your life in her hands?
Are you sure you want to quit?
Are you sure you want to return to live with Thomas?
Are you sure you want to ride in the back of the bus?
Are you sure you want to run for class president?
Are you sure you want to say that to Tom?
Are you sure you want to see Tom today?
Are you sure you want to sell that?
Are you sure you want to sell this?
Are you sure you want to sell your dulcimer?
Are you sure you want to sell your house?
Are you sure you want to shut it down?
Are you sure you want to sit next to Tom?
Are you sure you want to sit so close to the edge of the cliff?
Are you sure you want to spend Christmas with me and not with your family?
Are you sure you want to spend all your money on that?
Are you sure you want to spend that much money on a vacation?
Are you sure you want to spend three weeks in Boston?
Are you sure you want to start doing that today?
Are you sure you want to stay here by yourself?
Are you sure you want to stay here by yourselves?
Are you sure you want to stay here until Monday?
Are you sure you want to stay here?
Are you sure you want to stay out here in the cold?
Are you sure you want to stay?
Are you sure you want to swim here?
Are you sure you want to take shahada?
Are you sure you want to talk about this here?
Are you sure you want to talk about this in front of our kids?
Are you sure you want to throw all of this away?
Are you sure you want to throw that away?
Are you sure you want to throw that one away?
Are you sure you want to throw this away?
Are you sure you want to try doing that now?
Are you sure you want to try doing this again?
Are you sure you want to try out for the baseball team?
Are you sure you want to try this again?
Are you sure you want to try to do that now?
Are you sure you want to use that?
Are you sure you want to volunteer?
Are you sure you want to wait for Tom?
Are you sure you want to walk home in the dark?
Are you sure you want to walk that far?
Are you sure you want to walk to the station by yourself this late at night?
Are you sure you want to watch this movie?
Are you sure you want to watch this?
Are you sure you want to wear that dress to the party?
Are you sure you want to wear that shirt today?
Are you sure you want to wear that tie to a funeral?
Are you sure you want to work for that company?
Are you sure you want to work here?
Are you sure you want to work with Tom?
Are you sure you want to work with me?
Are you sure you want to?
Are you sure you want us to burn these documents?
Are you sure you want what's in this box?
Are you sure you were the only one in the house?
Are you sure you weren't followed?
Are you sure you won't change your mind?
Are you sure you won't come with me?
Are you sure you won't join us?
Are you sure you wouldn't like anything else?
Are you sure you'll be OK?
Are you sure you'll be all right?
Are you sure you'll be alright here by yourself?
Are you sure you'll be alright?
Are you sure you'll see Tom today?
Are you sure you're OK?
Are you sure you're OK? Why don't you stay here and rest?
Are you sure you're Tom's son?
Are you sure you're a native French speaker?
Are you sure you're all right?
Are you sure you're allowed in here?
Are you sure you're at the right house?
Are you sure you're doing the right thing?
Are you sure you're feeling OK?
Are you sure you're feeling all right?
Are you sure you're feeling better?
Are you sure you're feeling well enough to see Tom?
Are you sure you're from Algiers?
Are you sure you're going to be OK?
Are you sure you're going to be all right?
Are you sure you're going to be warm enough?
Are you sure you're in the right place?
Are you sure you're in the right street?
Are you sure you're not Ms. Ramirez?
Are you sure you're not Yuri's father?
Are you sure you're not angry?
Are you sure you're not authorized to remain here?
Are you sure you're not busy?
Are you sure you're not cold?
Are you sure you're not coming?
Are you sure you're not hungry?
Are you sure you're not hurt?
Are you sure you're not imagining things?
Are you sure you're not injured?
Are you sure you're not jealous?
Are you sure you're not overreacting?
Are you sure you're not overspending?
Are you sure you're not reading it backwards?
Are you sure you're not taking on too much?
Are you sure you're not talking about yourself?
Are you sure you're not the one who did that?
Are you sure you're not tired?
Are you sure you're not wrong?
Are you sure you're okay?
Are you sure you're on the right road?
Are you sure you're ready for such an important step?
Are you sure you're ready for this?
Are you sure you're ready to come back home?
Are you sure you're ready to do that?
Are you sure you're ready to do this?
Are you sure you're ready to go?
Are you sure you're ready?
Are you sure you're really OK?
Are you sure you're sick?
Are you sure you're supposed to be here?
Are you sure you're telling me everything?
Are you sure you're up for it?
Are you sure you're up for this?
Are you sure you're up to it?
Are you sure you're up to seeing Tom?
Are you sure you're up to this, Tom?
Are you sure you're up to this?
Are you sure you're warm enough?
Are you sure you're well enough to be out of bed?
Are you sure you're well enough to go to school?
Are you sure you're well enough to go to work?
Are you sure you're well enough to work?
Are you sure you're well?
Are you sure you've never met Tom?
Are you sure you've never met him?
Are you sure you've never met?
Are you sure your husband is straight?
Are you sure your jacket's waterproof?
Are you sure your parents will allow you to go?
Are you sure you’ve never met him?
Are you sure, Tom?
Are you sure, Ziri?
Are you sure?
Are you sure? Why not?
Are you sure? You won't regret it later.
Are you surgeons?
Are you surprised I came?
Are you surprised Tom did that?
Are you surprised that I came?
Are you surprised that Tom did that?
Are you surprised that Tom told her he loved her then dumped her? That's his playbook.
Are you surprised that there's so much traffic? Everyone lives twenty kilometres from their workplace.
Are you surprised to see me here?
Are you surprised to see me?
Are you surprised?
Are you surrendering?
Are you surviving?
Are you susceptible to dizziness?
Are you suspended?
Are you suspicious of him?
Are you suspicious of me?
Are you suspicious?
Are you sweating?
Are you sympathetic?
Are you taking Mary out tonight?
Are you taking Tom with you?
Are you taking a cholesterol-lowering medication?
Are you taking a taxi to the railway station?
Are you taking a taxi to the station?
Are you taking any medication at this time?
Are you taking any medications for this?
Are you taking any medications?
Are you taking any medicine at the moment?
Are you taking any medicine regularly?
Are you taking any medicine?
Are you taking any other medications?
Are you taking anything to drink?
Are you taking anything to eat?
Are you taking anything to read?
Are you taking classes with this teacher?
Are you taking her home?
Are you taking in all he is saying?
Are you taking lactic acid bacilli regularly?
Are you taking minutes?
Are you taking notes?
Are you taking pictures?
Are you taking politics this semester?
Are you taking revenge on me?
Are you taking tests on the next session?
Are you taking the bet?
Are you taking the challenge?
Are you taking the full picture into consideration?
Are you taking the mick out of my accent?
Are you taking the mickey out of me?
Are you taking the mickey?
Are you taking the pill?
Are you taking the piss?
Are you taking the train?
Are you taking the wheel off?
Are you taking them home?
Are you taking vitamins?
Are you taking your meds?
Are you talkative?
Are you talking about Boston?
Are you talking about Canadians?
Are you talking about Chuck's Diner?
Are you talking about Jenny?
Are you talking about Tom again?
Are you talking about Tom or yourself?
Are you talking about Tom's restaurant?
Are you talking about Tom?
Are you talking about anyone specific?
Are you talking about baseball again?
Are you talking about being unemployed?
Are you talking about brain surgery?
Are you talking about cheating?
Are you talking about divorce?
Are you talking about doctors?
Are you talking about food?
Are you talking about getting married?
Are you talking about girls?
Are you talking about happiness?
Are you talking about hats?
Are you talking about headhunting?
Are you talking about her?
Are you talking about him?
Are you talking about jail?
Are you talking about killing yourself?
Are you talking about last summer?
Are you talking about love?
Are you talking about magic?
Are you talking about marriage?
Are you talking about me again?
Are you talking about me?
Are you talking about money again?
Are you talking about money?
Are you talking about my Tom?
Are you talking about my cooking?
Are you talking about my friend?
Are you talking about my grandfather?
Are you talking about our team?
Are you talking about real excitement?
Are you talking about someone specific?
Are you talking about something important?
Are you talking about something specific?
Are you talking about starting over?
Are you talking about surfing?
Are you talking about that hooligan?
Are you talking about the beach at Rímini?
Are you talking about the economy?
Are you talking about the executioner?
Are you talking about the game?
Are you talking about the meeting?
Are you talking about the murder?
Are you talking about the new student?
Are you talking about the real Tom?
Are you talking about the robbery?
Are you talking about the ship?
Are you talking about them?
Are you talking about this?
Are you talking about us or yourselves?
Are you talking about us?
Are you talking about whales?
Are you talking about women?
Are you talking about work?
Are you talking about your accident?
Are you talking about your boyfriend?
Are you talking about your children?
Are you talking about your job?
Are you talking about yourself?
Are you talking from experience?
Are you talking on the phone?
Are you talking shop?
Are you talking to a dog?
Are you talking to me, man?
Are you talking to me?
Are you talking to yourself again?
Are you talking to yourself?
Are you talking?
Are you tall?
Are you taller than Tom?
Are you taller than me?
Are you taller than your father?
Are you taller?
Are you tanned?
Are you teachers?
Are you teaching Spanish?
Are you teasing me?
Are you teenagers?
Are you telepathic?
Are you telling me I can't do this?
Are you telling me I wasn't even considered for the job?
Are you telling me I'm stuck here with you?
Are you telling me I'm wasting my time?
Are you telling me Tom and Mary don't have a chance?
Are you telling me Tom and Mary don't know?
Are you telling me Tom didn't do it?
Are you telling me Tom didn't do that?
Are you telling me Tom didn't win?
Are you telling me Tom doesn't do that anymore?
Are you telling me Tom doesn't have a chance?
Are you telling me Tom doesn't know how to speak French?
Are you telling me Tom doesn't know what to do?
Are you telling me Tom doesn't know?
Are you telling me Tom doesn't live in Boston anymore?
Are you telling me Tom had nothing to do with this?
Are you telling me Tom had something to do with that?
Are you telling me Tom has something to do with that?
Are you telling me Tom is the one who did that?
Are you telling me everything?
Are you telling me how to do my job?
Are you telling me it's my fault?
Are you telling me not to go to Boston with Tom?
Are you telling me not to go?
Are you telling me that I can't go?
Are you telling me that I have to have this finished by tomorrow?
Are you telling me that I should abandon my Islamic faith?
Are you telling me that I should abandon my Muslim faith?
Are you telling me that I'm going to be all right?
Are you telling me that Luke is creating problems again? Good grief.
Are you telling me that Tom didn't win?
Are you telling me that Tom doesn't know French?
Are you telling me that Tom doesn't know how to do that?
Are you telling me that Tom doesn't know what to do?
Are you telling me that Tom doesn't know yet?
Are you telling me that Tom doesn't know?
Are you telling me that he left you?
Are you telling me that he raped you?
Are you telling me that it's completely normal to cheat on my wife?
Are you telling me that the left you alone?
Are you telling me that this school will force Muslim children to abandon their faith?
Are you telling me that you can't understand French?
Are you telling me that you don't know how to do this?
Are you telling me that you don't know how to use a phone?
Are you telling me that you don't want the job?
Are you telling me that you've never been to Australia?
Are you telling me that you've never been to Boston?
Are you telling me that you've never had a nightmare?
Are you telling me that you've never heard of this before?
Are you telling me the truth about Tom?
Are you telling me the truth?
Are you telling me there are more people waiting in the lobby?
Are you telling me there's more?
Are you telling me to kill Tom?
Are you telling me to stop?
Are you telling me what to do?
Are you telling me you are not my father?
Are you telling me you can't do that?
Are you telling me you can't swim?
Are you telling me you don't know anything about this?
Are you telling me you don't know how to cook hard-boiled eggs?
Are you telling me you don't know how to use a phone?
Are you telling me you don't know where Tom and Mary live?
Are you telling me you don't know where Tom lives?
Are you telling me you don't know where it is?
Are you telling me you don't know who he was?
Are you telling me you don't love me anymore?
Are you telling me you don't love me?
Are you telling me you don't remember where you parked your car?
Are you telling me you forgot?
Are you telling me you're actually worried?
Are you telling me you're not busy?
Are you telling me you're not happy here?
Are you telling me you're not involved?
Are you telling me you're the one who assaulted Tom?
Are you telling me you're worried?
Are you telling me you've never been to Australia?
Are you telling me you've never been to Boston?
Are you telling me you've never eaten Chinese food?
Are you telling me you've never studied French?
Are you telling me you've seen Tom today?
Are you telling the truth?
Are you telling this story or am I?
Are you telling truth?
Are you telling us the truth?
Are you telling us you suck?
Are you tempted to do this?
Are you tempted?
Are you ten years old?
Are you ten?
Are you terribly hungry?
Are you testifying?
Are you texting Mary?
Are you texting Tom?
Are you texting her?
Are you texting him?
Are you texting them?
Are you texting your boyfriend?
Are you texting your girlfriend?
Are you that dense?
Are you that hard up?
Are you that hot?
Are you that lost?
Are you that scared of Tom?
Are you that stupid?
Are you the King of the Jews?
Are you the Tom Jackson?
Are you the author of this book?
Are you the bank manager?
Are you the boss's favorite?
Are you the boss?
Are you the captain?
Are you the chef?
Are you the director?
Are you the doctor?
Are you the editor now?
Are you the editor?
Are you the electrician?
Are you the emperor?
Are you the errand boy now?
Are you the errand boy?
Are you the expert from Boston?
Are you the expert?
Are you the factory owner?
Are you the girl Tom has been dating?
Are you the girl Tom has been hanging out with?
Are you the girl Tom has been seeing?
Are you the giver or the receiver of this rose?
Are you the group leader?
Are you the guy who called?
Are you the guy who lives here?
Are you the guy who's going to help us fix our plumbing?
Are you the hotel manager?
Are you the last one?
Are you the manager?
Are you the mayor?
Are you the medical examiner?
Are you the meeting organizer?
Are you the mother of these children?
Are you the new Tamazight teacher?
Are you the new assistant?
Are you the new boss?
Are you the new doctor?
Are you the new employee?
Are you the new girl?
Are you the new nanny?
Are you the new secretary?
Are you the new teacher?
Are you the oldest?
Are you the one in charge of this contest?
Are you the one in charge of this project?
Are you the one in charge?
Are you the one responsible for this?
Are you the one that asked me to be here?
Are you the one that they call Tom?
Are you the one that's been buying all the food?
Are you the one that's been following me?
Are you the one they're waiting for?
Are you the one who advised Tom to do that?
Are you the one who asked Tom to do that?
Are you the one who asked Tom to help?
Are you the one who asked me here?
Are you the one who asked me to come here?
Are you the one who ate all the cheese?
Are you the one who ate my sandwich?
Are you the one who baked this cake?
Are you the one who built this?
Are you the one who called the police?
Are you the one who came to see me?
Are you the one who caused the accident?
Are you the one who caused this mess?
Are you the one who cooked this?
Are you the one who did that?
Are you the one who did this?
Are you the one who drew this picture?
Are you the one who helped Tom hang that picture on the wall?
Are you the one who let the dog in?
Are you the one who made them?
Are you the one who made this?
Are you the one who ordered a patty melt?
Are you the one who organized this party?
Are you the one who rang the doorbell?
Are you the one who saved me?
Are you the one who spilled the paint?
Are you the one who talked Tom into doing that?
Are you the one who taught Tom how to do that?
Are you the one who taught Tom how to drive?
Are you the one who told Tom about this?
Are you the one who told Tom to do that?
Are you the one who took my knife?
Are you the one who usually takes out the garbage?
Are you the one who usually washes the dishes?
Are you the one who wanted me to do that?
Are you the one who wanted this?
Are you the one who went to Australia with Tom?
Are you the one who went to Boston with Tom?
Are you the one who wrote all these letters?
Are you the one who wrote that report?
Are you the one who wrote the letter?
Are you the one who wrote this letter?
Are you the one who wrote this?
Are you the one who's been buying all the food?
Are you the one who's been following me?
Are you the one who's been helping Tom with his homework?
Are you the ones who talked Tom into doing it?
Are you the only one here?
Are you the only one who has a key to this door?
Are you the only one who needs money?
Are you the only ones here?
Are you the only ones left?
Are you the owner of the blue car parked in front of my house?
Are you the owner of this house?
Are you the owner?
Are you the pathologist?
Are you the people from the CIA?
Are you the person Tom was talking about?
Are you the person in charge?
Are you the person that reported Yanni Zaki missing?
Are you the person who saved me?
Are you the person who wanted this?
Are you the person who wrote this letter?
Are you the prophet?
Are you the repairman?
Are you the rightful owner?
Are you the runner who escaped the underground city?
Are you the same age as Tom?
Are you the same age as him?
Are you the science teacher?
Are you the sheriff?
Are you the spy?
Are you the station master?
Are you the type of person who ignores others?
Are you the type of traveller who would go to Thailand or Bali and watch CNN in your hotel room, as you carry your "Western bubble" with you?
Are you the winner?
Are you the writer of that report?
Are you their mother?
Are you there yet?
Are you there, Tom?
Are you there, Tom? It's me, Mary.
Are you there, love?
Are you there?
Are you thinking about Tom?
Are you thinking about anything in particular?
Are you thinking about doing that?
Are you thinking about getting a job?
Are you thinking about her?
Are you thinking about him?
Are you thinking about leaving?
Are you thinking about marrying Tom?
Are you thinking about me?
Are you thinking about something in particular?
Are you thinking about the money?
Are you thinking about the same thing?
Are you thinking about them?
Are you thinking of anything in particular?
Are you thinking of buying it?
Are you thinking of getting a new PC?
Are you thinking of going to Australia next summer?
Are you thinking of going to Boston next summer?
Are you thinking of going to save him? Forget about that, for both your sakes.
Are you thinking of going to university?
Are you thinking of helping them?
Are you thinking of making a career out of it?
Are you thinking of planting the bushes?
Are you thinking of planting those bushes?
Are you thinking of telling him about that?
Are you thinking of the girl that you saw yesterday?
Are you thinking of your kids?
Are you thinking the same thing I am?
Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
Are you thinking what we're thinking?
Are you thinner?
Are you thirsty now?
Are you thirsty, Tom?
Are you thirsty, pal?
Are you thirsty?
Are you thirsty? Have some juice and wine. Cheers!
Are you threatening me, Ziri?
Are you threatening me?
Are you three brothers?
Are you three good friends?
Are you three hungry?
Are you three looking for Tom?
Are you three traveling together?
Are you thrilled?
Are you through reading this book?
Are you through with that?
Are you through with the book?
Are you through with the newspaper?
Are you through with the paper?
Are you through with the phone?
Are you through with the work?
Are you through with this book?
Are you through with your breakfast?
Are you through with your homework?
Are you through with your work?
Are you through yet?
Are you through?
Are you throwing away all these clothes?
Are you throwing away all those clothes?
Are you throwing me out?
Are you throwing this away for me?
Are you ticklish?
Are you tidy?
Are you tipsy?
Are you tired now?
Are you tired of doing that yet?
Are you tired of doing that?
Are you tired of having to scrounge for money?
Are you tired of living?
Are you tired of people telling you what to do?
Are you tired of queuing?
Are you tired of the daily grind?
Are you tired of this yet?
Are you tired of waiting in line?
Are you tired or are you not feeling well?
Are you tired out?
Are you tired right now?
Are you tired yet?
Are you tired, darling?
Are you tired, sweetie?
Are you tired, too?
Are you tired?
Are you tired? Buy these vitamins!
Are you together?
Are you tolerant towards ethnic minorities?
Are you tolerant?
Are you too afraid to make important decisions?
Are you too busy to drop me a line?
Are you too busy to help me today?
Are you too cold?
Are you too proud to accept a little help?
Are you too stressed?
Are you too tired?
Are you too warm?
Are you totally sure it was yesterday?
Are you totally sure now though?
Are you totally sure that you didn't forget anything?
Are you tough?
Are you tourists?
Are you toying with me, Stef?
Are you trained in first aid?
Are you trainees?
Are you training?
Are you transferring to another department?
Are you transferring to another school?
Are you traveling alone?
Are you traveling by sea or by air?
Are you traveling by yourself?
Are you traveling by yourselves?
Are you traveling to Algeria?
Are you traveling to Germany?
Are you traveling together?
Are you traveling west?
Are you travelling alone?
Are you travelling by sea or by air?
Are you travelling together?
Are you travelling tonight?
Are you trembling?
Are you tripping?
Are you troubled?
Are you truly blind?
Are you trustworthy?
Are you trying to apologise?
Are you trying to apologize?
Are you trying to ask me out?
Are you trying to be a good Muslim?
Are you trying to be a hero?
Are you trying to be funny again?
Are you trying to be funny?
Are you trying to be nice to me?
Are you trying to be the boss?
Are you trying to blackmail me?
Are you trying to blame this on me?
Are you trying to blame your problems on me?
Are you trying to break up with me?
Are you trying to bribe me?
Are you trying to buy me off?
Are you trying to buy my silence?
Are you trying to buy time?
Are you trying to cancel me because of my opinions?
Are you trying to change something?
Are you trying to cheat Tom?
Are you trying to cheat me?
Are you trying to cheat us?
Are you trying to cheer me up?
Are you trying to comfort me?
Are you trying to con Tom?
Are you trying to control me?
Are you trying to convert me to Islam?
Are you trying to convince the reader of a position? Presenting deeply researched information about a topic? Summing up a situation or event? They all take different approaches in their style of writing.
Are you trying to cover something up?
Are you trying to distract me?
Are you trying to do good work?
Are you trying to double-cross me?
Are you trying to drive me out of business?
Are you trying to embarrass me?
Are you trying to embarrass us?
Are you trying to entrap me?
Are you trying to escape?
Are you trying to exclude me?
Are you trying to find a new job?
Are you trying to fish in troubled waters?
Are you trying to fool me?
Are you trying to forget something?
Are you trying to frame me?
Are you trying to frighten Tom?
Are you trying to frighten us?
Are you trying to gain weight?
Are you trying to get a promotion?
Are you trying to get a rise out of me?
Are you trying to get around me?
Are you trying to get away from me?
Are you trying to get drunk?
Are you trying to get in there?
Are you trying to get me drunk?
Are you trying to get me fired?
Are you trying to get me mad?
Are you trying to get out?
Are you trying to get rid of Tom?
Are you trying to get rid of me?
Are you trying to get somewhere?
Are you trying to get us drunk?
Are you trying to get yourself banned?
Are you trying to get yourself fired?
Are you trying to get yourself thrown out of the club?
Are you trying to go around me?
Are you trying to grow a beard?
Are you trying to help me?
Are you trying to hide from me?
Are you trying to hide something from me?
Are you trying to hide something?
Are you trying to hit on me?
Are you trying to humiliate me?
Are you trying to humiliate us?
Are you trying to hurt me?
Are you trying to hurt us?
Are you trying to hurt yourself?
Are you trying to hypnotize Tom?
Are you trying to hypnotize me?
Are you trying to hypnotize us?
Are you trying to imply something?
Are you trying to impress Tom?
Are you trying to impress me?
Are you trying to impress someone?
Are you trying to insinuate that a woman could never be as intelligent as a man?!
Are you trying to insult me?
Are you trying to intimidate me?
Are you trying to keep fit?
Are you trying to keep something from me?
Are you trying to kill Tom?
Are you trying to kill everyone?
Are you trying to kill me?
Are you trying to kill us?
Are you trying to kill yourself?
Are you trying to kill yourselves?
Are you trying to leave me?
Are you trying to look like me?
Are you trying to lose weight?
Are you trying to make Tom cry?
Are you trying to make a deal?
Are you trying to make a fool of me?
Are you trying to make a fool out of me?
Are you trying to make a monkey out of me?
Are you trying to make me look stupid?
Are you trying to make me mad?
Are you trying to make pizza?
Are you trying to make yourself look ugly?
Are you trying to manipulate me?
Are you trying to mislead me?
Are you trying to outsmart me?
Are you trying to pick a fight with me?
Are you trying to pick a fight?
Are you trying to pick a quarrel with me?
Are you trying to pin the blame on me?
Are you trying to poison me?
Are you trying to propose to me?
Are you trying to prove something?
Are you trying to provoke me?
Are you trying to rape me, you bastard?
Are you trying to reeducate Tom?
Are you trying to rip me off?
Are you trying to ruin my life?
Are you trying to ruin my reputation?
Are you trying to ruin this for me?
Are you trying to say I don't have any brain?
Are you trying to say I'm mad?
Are you trying to say something?
Are you trying to say that you believe me?
Are you trying to say that you don't believe me?
Are you trying to say that you don't want me to go out with Mary?
Are you trying to say you don't believe me?
Are you trying to say you love me?
Are you trying to say you're forty?
Are you trying to scam me?
Are you trying to scare me or are you being serious?
Are you trying to scare me?
Are you trying to seduce me?
Are you trying to sell those?
Are you trying to set us up?
Are you trying to speak with that person?
Are you trying to start a fight with me?
Are you trying to start something with me?
Are you trying to start something?
Are you trying to steal from me?
Are you trying to suggest that my emotional problems are no different than those of a stupid person?
Are you trying to take advantage of me?
Are you trying to take my children away from me?
Are you trying to talk to me?
Are you trying to tell me something here?
Are you trying to tell me something?
Are you trying to tempt me here?
Are you trying to torture me?
Are you trying to trap me?
Are you trying to trick me?
Are you trying to upset me?
Are you trying to win me over with money?
Are you trying to woo me?
Are you trying your best?
Are you trying?
Are you turning red?
Are you tutoring the kids?
Are you twins?
Are you two Algerian?
Are you two OK?
Are you two a couple or something?
Are you two about finished?
Are you two actually going to do that?
Are you two an item?
Are you two back together?
Are you two busy right now?
Are you two busy?
Are you two dating each other?
Are you two dating?
Are you two fighting again?
Are you two friends?
Are you two from Kabylie?
Are you two getting serious?
Are you two going out together?
Are you two going to Australia?
Are you two going to Boston next weekend?
Are you two going to Boston?
Are you two going to Phoenix?
Are you two going to the same country?
Are you two happy?
Are you two having a fight?
Are you two hungry?
Are you two in the same class?
Are you two musicians?
Are you two not brothers?
Are you two not getting along?
Are you two on a date?
Are you two planning to get married?
Are you two ready to go?
Are you two ready?
Are you two really dating again?
Are you two really dating each other?
Are you two really dating?
Are you two really twins?
Are you two related?
Are you two seeing each other?
Are you two speaking French?
Are you two still dating each other?
Are you two still dating?
Are you two still seeing each other?
Are you two talking about Tom?
Are you two talking about me?
Are you two together?
Are you two traveling together?
Are you two travelling together?
Are you two working together again?
Are you unable to do that?
Are you unable to see properly?
Are you unarmed?
Are you uncertain about our relationship?
Are you uncertain?
Are you uncomfortable?
Are you under 30?
Are you under any stress?
Are you under thirty?
Are you underage?
Are you undercover?
Are you understanding everything she's saying?
Are you uneasy?
Are you unhappy, Tom?
Are you unhappy?
Are you unhealthy?
Are you unhinged?
Are you unlucky?
Are you unmarried?
Are you unpacked?
Are you unpredictable?
Are you unsatisfied?
Are you unsure?
Are you unwell?
Are you unwilling or unable?
Are you unwilling to do that?
Are you unwilling to even try?
Are you up and about?
Are you up for a pizza dinner?
Are you up for a promotion?
Are you up for a slice of pizza?
Are you up for a swim?
Are you up for it?
Are you up for that?
Are you up for the challenge?
Are you up there?
Are you up to any shenanigans tonight, or are you having a quiet one?
Are you up to it?
Are you up to the challenge?
Are you up to the task?
Are you up yet?
Are you up?
Are you upset about something?
Are you upset that you weren't invited to Tom's party?
Are you upset with me?
Are you upset?
Are you used to living in the dorms?
Are you used to traveling?
Are you used to travelling?
Are you using Tatoeba like Twitter?
Are you using that?
Are you using the MasterCard?
Are you using the default settings?
Are you using the latest plugins?
Are you using the online dictionary whose link I gave you?
Are you using this chair?
Are you using this shack as a house?
Are you using your phone?
Are you usually at home in the evening?
Are you usually early or late?
Are you usually home in the evenings?
Are you usually this quiet?
Are you vacationing here?
Are you vacationing?
Are you vaccinated?
Are you vacuuming?
Are you vain?
Are you vaxxed?
Are you vegan?
Are you vegetarian or vegan?
Are you vegetarian?
Are you vegetarians?
Are you very forgetful?
Are you very hungry now?
Are you very hungry?
Are you very keen about going with them?
Are you very seriously ill?
Are you vexed?
Are you victims?
Are you visiting Lukas when you're in Graz?
Are you volunteering to help?
Are you volunteering?
Are you volunteers?
Are you voting?
Are you vulnerable?
Are you waiting for John?
Are you waiting for Mary to drink it?
Are you waiting for Tom?
Are you waiting for a bus?
Are you waiting for anybody?
Are you waiting for anyone?
Are you waiting for guests?
Are you waiting for her?
Are you waiting for him?
Are you waiting for me to do it?
Are you waiting for me to do something?
Are you waiting for me to do that first?
Are you waiting for me to do that?
Are you waiting for me to say something?
Are you waiting for me?
Are you waiting for somebody?
Are you waiting for someone to come?
Are you waiting for someone?
Are you waiting for something?
Are you waiting for the bus?
Are you waiting for them?
Are you waiting for us?
Are you waiting for your boyfriend?
Are you waiting outside?
Are you walking home?
Are you walking in my shoes?
Are you walking?
Are you wanted?
Are you warm enough in such thin clothes?
Are you warm enough?
Are you warm now?
Are you warming up to me?
Are you washing the car?
Are you washing up?
Are you watching TV now?
Are you watching TV today?
Are you watching TV?
Are you watching YouTube?
Are you watching carefully?
Are you watching him too?
Are you watching his new TV series?
Are you watching it?
Are you watching me now?
Are you watching me?
Are you watching the Olympic Games?
Are you watching the game?
Are you watching the presidential debate?
Are you watching the sheep?
Are you watching this show?
Are you watching this type of video? Alright. No more ghost stories.
Are you watching your weight?
Are you watching?
Are you weakening?
Are you wealthy yet?
Are you wealthy?
Are you wearing a back brace?
Are you wearing a belt with that outfit?
Are you wearing a bracelet now?
Are you wearing a brand-new suit?
Are you wearing a condom?
Are you wearing a diaper?
Are you wearing a girdle?
Are you wearing a new shirt?
Are you wearing a protective face mask?
Are you wearing a watch?
Are you wearing a wedding ring?
Are you wearing a wire?
Are you wearing comfortable shoes today?
Are you wearing face mask?
Are you wearing gloves?
Are you wearing heels?
Are you wearing lipstick?
Are you wearing long johns?
Are you wearing long underwear?
Are you wearing makeup?
Are you wearing my glasses?
Are you wearing my shoes?
Are you wearing new shoes?
Are you wearing perfume?
Are you wearing shoes?
Are you wearing that dress for the first time?
Are you wearing those shorts to underline the aesthetic impoverishment you've suffered over the last decade?
Are you welching on the deal?
Are you well prepared for today's exam?
Are you well?
Are you whacked out?
Are you whacked?
Are you widowed?
Are you wild?
Are you willing to bet your life on it?
Are you willing to change?
Are you willing to die for your ideals?
Are you willing to do that?
Are you willing to do this?
Are you willing to do what it takes to make your dream come true?
Are you willing to donate a kidney?
Are you willing to drive me to the station?
Are you willing to embrace new perspectives?
Are you willing to give it a try?
Are you willing to go there?
Are you willing to go to the beach?
Are you willing to go?
Are you willing to help Tom?
Are you willing to help her?
Are you willing to help him?
Are you willing to help me clean the garage?
Are you willing to help me with that work?
Are you willing to help me?
Are you willing to help them?
Are you willing to help us?
Are you willing to help?
Are you willing to join me?
Are you willing to learn Kadazan language?
Are you willing to learn?
Are you willing to make a deal?
Are you willing to make a small concession in order to achieve your goal?
Are you willing to pay part of the costs?
Are you willing to pay?
Are you willing to relocate?
Are you willing to risk that?
Are you willing to take a cut in pay?
Are you willing to take creative risks?
Are you willing to take that chance?
Are you willing to take that risk?
Are you willing to teach others?
Are you willing to travel?
Are you willing to work at weekends?
Are you willing to work on Saturday and Sunday this week?
Are you willing to work on holidays?
Are you willing to work on weekends?
Are you willing to work overtime?
Are you winning now?
Are you winning?
Are you wired?
Are you wise?
Are you with Tom?
Are you with another girl?
Are you with anyone?
Are you with me, Yanni?
Are you with me?
Are you with or against our plan?
Are you with someone?
Are you with the FBI?
Are you with the police?
Are you with them or with us?
Are you with us or against us?
Are you with us or not?
Are you with us, Tom?
Are you with us?
Are you wondering what we ended up doing?
Are you woozy?
Are you working a double shift today?
Are you working alone today?
Are you working at the weekend as well?
Are you working for Tom again?
Are you working hard?
Are you working late tonight?
Are you working now?
Are you working on a new cookbook?
Are you working on an art piece?
Are you working on another book?
Are you working on any exciting new projects?
Are you working on anything interesting?
Are you working on something new?
Are you working on something special?
Are you working right now?
Are you working the late shift?
Are you working today?
Are you working tomorrow?
Are you working tonight?
Are you working towards your vision?
Are you working with Tom?
Are you working with a sociopath?
Are you working?
Are you worn out?
Are you worried about Tom?
Are you worried about any major problems other than your current situation?
Are you worried about anything in particular?
Are you worried about fuel economy?
Are you worried about global warming?
Are you worried about her?
Are you worried about him?
Are you worried about me?
Are you worried about oil prices?
Are you worried about something?
Are you worried about that?
Are you worried about the competition?
Are you worried about the promotion?
Are you worried about them?
Are you worried about what might happen?
Are you worried about your grades?
Are you worried about your results?
Are you worried that might happen?
Are you worried that that might happen?
Are you worried?
Are you wounded?
Are you writers?
Are you writing a book?
Are you writing a letter now?
Are you writing a letter?
Are you writing in Berber?
Are you writing in a different language?
Are you writing short stories?
Are you writing the proverbs?
Are you writing this all down?
Are you writing this down?
Are you writing to her?
Are you writing?
Are you young?
Are you younger than Tom?
Are you younger than him?
Are you younger than me?
Are you're ready to talk?
Are you're saying that you think it might rain?
Are you, by any chance, Tom?
Are you, by any chance, afraid of me?
Are you, by any chance, joking?
Are you, by any chance, scared of me?
Are your German books good?
Are your ankles swollen when you wake up in the morning?
Are your bags in the car?
Are your bags packed?
Are your brains ready to learn some Berber words?
Are your brains ready to learn some Berber?
Are your brains ready to learn some more Berber words?
Are your brains ready to learn some more Berber?
Are your cats indoor cats or do you let them out?
Are your cats still spoiled rotten?
Are your cats still too spoiled?
Are your children OK?
Are your children able to speak French, too?
Are your children able to speak French?
Are your children all right?
Are your children already grown up?
Are your children at school?
Are your children grown up?
Are your children here?
Are your children with you?
Are your classes over yet?
Are your co-workers making you look bad?
Are your co-workers trying to make you look bad?
Are your co-workers trying to throw you under a bus?
Are your coffee pots easy to clean?
Are your cousins with you today?
Are your daughters with you?
Are your dogs vaccinated?
Are your ears full?
Are your eyes bad?
Are your eyes blue?
Are your eyes hurting?
Are your eyes open?
Are your eyes troubling you?
Are your eyes working fine? She's married!
Are your feet cold?
Are your feet ticklish?
Are your fingers broken?
Are your folks still together?
Are your friends Portuguese or Brazilian?
Are your friends staying at a hotel?
Are your friends trustworthy?
Are your glasses prescription?
Are your grandchildren here in Australia?
Are your grandchildren here in Boston?
Are your grandparents still alive?
Are your hands clean?
Are your hands cold? — No, they aren't.
Are your hands free of dirt?
Are your hands still numb from the fall?
Are your kids still in bed?
Are your kids still living with you?
Are your kids stupid?
Are your lips dry?
Are your mother's parents still alive?
Are your names on the list?
Are your nephews working today?
Are your opinions representative of those of the other students?
Are your parents Muslim?
Are your parents OK with this?
Are your parents alive?
Are your parents at home?
Are your parents both still living?
Are your parents coming home?
Are your parents coming to pick you up?
Are your parents divorced, too?
Are your parents divorced?
Are your parents easy to talk to?
Are your parents getting divorced, too?
Are your parents getting divorced?
Are your parents going to be home tonight?
Are your parents going to be home?
Are your parents going to pick you up?
Are your parents here?
Are your parents home?
Are your parents in now?
Are your parents relocating?
Are your parents sleeping?
Are your parents still alive?
Are your parents still healthy?
Are your parents still in Boston?
Are your parents still living in Boston?
Are your parents still living?
Are your parents still married to each other?
Are your parents still married?
Are your parents still out of town?
Are your parents still together?
Are your parents strict?
Are your parents teachers?
Are your parents that rich?
Are your parents up yet?
Are your parents watching TV?
Are your parents with you?
Are your people interested in the revival of your language?
Are your quarters comfortable?
Are your quarters satisfactory?
Are your recipes easy to follow?
Are your sandals comfortable?
Are your savings safe in Algeria?
Are your shoes big enough?
Are your shoes comfortable?
Are your shoes new?
Are your shoulders stiff?
Are your sisters all older than you?
Are your slippers warm?
Are your slippers worn out?
Are your slippers worn?
Are your sons with you?
Are your sources reliable?
Are your speakers Philips or Samsung?
Are your suitcases already packed?
Are your suitcases heavy?
Are your suitcases locked?
Are your suitcases packed?
Are your teachers strict?
Are your tires OK?
Are your weapons ready?
Are your wife and children here?
Are your windows shut?
Are yous busy?
Are youse homeless?
Are, then, these people to believe you are doing this for them?
Area 51 is the most famous secret base in the world.
Area C of the West Bank is directly ruled by Israel.
Aren't I a person, too?
Aren't I beautiful?
Aren't I invited?
Aren't I right?
Aren't I speaking English?
Aren't Tom and Mary awake yet?
Aren't Tom and Mary both Canadians?
Aren't Tom and Mary both from Australia?
Aren't Tom and Mary both from Boston?
Aren't Tom and Mary friends of yours?
Aren't Tom and Mary friends?
Aren't Tom and Mary happy together?
Aren't Tom and Mary in the same class?
Aren't Tom and Mary still together?
Aren't Tom's parents divorced?
Aren't both Tom and Mary Canadians?
Aren't both Tom and Mary from Australia?
Aren't both Tom and Mary from Boston?
Aren't both of you bachelors?
Aren't cigarettes bad for you?
Aren't cookies delicious?
Aren't dates that fruit that make you poop?
Aren't people who have promiscuous sex afraid of VDs like AIDS?
Aren't the boys staying with you?
Aren't the pictures beautiful?
Aren't the stars bright tonight?
Aren't the trends constant?
Aren't their names Tom and Mary?
Aren't there a lot of terrible accidents happening nowadays?
Aren't there any qualified applicants?
Aren't there any risks?
Aren't there many translators?
Aren't there other versions?
Aren't there times when you overwhelmingly want to cry?
Aren't there times when you overwhelmingly want to weep?
Aren't these flowers beautiful?
Aren't these other things also bad?
Aren't these pretty?
Aren't these your books?
Aren't these your glasses?
Aren't they Americans?
Aren't they Canadians?
Aren't they Englishmen?
Aren't they a little too glitzy for you?
Aren't they adorable together?
Aren't they adorable?
Aren't they afraid of that?
Aren't they afraid of this?
Aren't they both charming?
Aren't they cute together?
Aren't they going home?
Aren't they going to make money in Lithuania?
Aren't they gonna build a university in Greece?
Aren't they happy together?
Aren't they headed this way?
Aren't they lying?
Aren't they right?
Aren't they wonderful?
Aren't those people over there Canadians?
Aren't those pictures beautiful?
Aren't those the same clothes he was wearing yesterday?
Aren't those your fathers?
Aren't those your glasses?
Aren't those your grandparents?
Aren't those your parents?
Aren't we all going to be there?
Aren't we cheating ourselves, without meaning to, when we only add sentences meant to be translatable, and that therefore are not representative of either real usage or problems in translating?
Aren't we forgetting something?
Aren't we friends?
Aren't we going do that?
Aren't we going go to Australia in October?
Aren't we going go to Boston in October?
Aren't we going on a holiday to Niger?
Aren't we going out to the park today?
Aren't we going to Belarus?
Aren't we going to Greece?
Aren't we going to build hospitals in China?
Aren't we going to go to Australia next summer?
Aren't we going to stay here?
Aren't we going to teach in Lettonia?
Aren't we going?
Aren't we happy together?
Aren't we lucky?
Aren't we missing something?
Aren't we on holiday that time?
Aren't we reading?
Aren't we studying French?
Aren't we supposed to be helping Tom right now?
Aren't we supposed to be holding hands?
Aren't we supposed to hold hands?
Aren't we supposed to tell the truth?
Aren't you Canadian?
Aren't you Catholic?
Aren't you Mary's husband?
Aren't you OK with this?
Aren't you Sami?
Aren't you Tom Jackson's lawyer?
Aren't you Tom Jackson?
Aren't you Tom's brother?
Aren't you Tom's daughter?
Aren't you Tom's friend?
Aren't you Tom's girlfriend?
Aren't you Tom's lawyer?
Aren't you Tom's mother?
Aren't you Tom?
Aren't you a Canadian citizen?
Aren't you a Canadian?
Aren't you a bachelor, too?
Aren't you a bachelor?
Aren't you a banker?
Aren't you a baseball fan?
Aren't you a bit old for trick-or-treating?
Aren't you a chef?
Aren't you a chemistry major?
Aren't you a chemistry student?
Aren't you a coffee drinker?
Aren't you a college student?
Aren't you a cop?
Aren't you a doctor?
Aren't you a freshman, too?
Aren't you a friend of Tom's?
Aren't you a high school student?
Aren't you a law student?
Aren't you a lawyer?
Aren't you a little bit romantic yourself, Mary?
Aren't you a little cold?
Aren't you a little early?
Aren't you a little hot?
Aren't you a little out of your depth, Tom?
Aren't you a little too young to be dating a guy as old as Tom?
Aren't you a little worried about me?
Aren't you a little young for this position?
Aren't you a little young to be a doctor?
Aren't you a little young to be doing this?
Aren't you a little young to be driving?
Aren't you a little young?
Aren't you a medical examiner?
Aren't you a member of the baseball team?
Aren't you a musician?
Aren't you a parent?
Aren't you a pathologist?
Aren't you a police officer?
Aren't you a policeman?
Aren't you a priest?
Aren't you a psychologist?
Aren't you a science teacher?
Aren't you a singer?
Aren't you a sophomore?
Aren't you a student here?
Aren't you a student?
Aren't you a sweetheart?
Aren't you a taxi driver?
Aren't you a teacher here?
Aren't you a teacher?
Aren't you a university student?
Aren't you a vegetarian?
Aren't you a very kind man?
Aren't you a wizard?
Aren't you able to do it?
Aren't you able to help us at all?
Aren't you able to play the organ?
Aren't you able to speak French?
Aren't you able to swim?
Aren't you able to tell the difference between butter and margarine?
Aren't you about done?
Aren't you about ready?
Aren't you about the same age as Tom?
Aren't you afraid I'll break your arm?
Aren't you afraid alone at night here?
Aren't you afraid of Tom?
Aren't you afraid of anything?
Aren't you afraid of catching a virus?
Aren't you afraid of dogs?
Aren't you afraid of getting hurt?
Aren't you afraid of getting infected by the virus?
Aren't you afraid of heights?
Aren't you afraid of hurting yourself?
Aren't you afraid of hurting yourselves?
Aren't you afraid of losing all your money?
Aren't you afraid of losing your money?
Aren't you afraid of me?
Aren't you afraid of that?
Aren't you afraid that might happen?
Aren't you afraid that you'll be late?
Aren't you afraid that you'll be left behind?
Aren't you afraid that you'll get hurt?
Aren't you afraid to be late?
Aren't you afraid to die?
Aren't you afraid to start everything from scratch?
Aren't you afraid to walk around with all that gold on you?
Aren't you afraid you'll be left behind?
Aren't you afraid you'll get hurt?
Aren't you afraid?
Aren't you all alone?
Aren't you all coming back to visit me?
Aren't you all done?
Aren't you all finished here?
Aren't you all mad?
Aren't you all ready?
Aren't you allergic to anything?
Aren't you allergic to peanuts?
Aren't you allowed to do that?
Aren't you allowed to go?
Aren't you allowed to kiss back?
Aren't you almost done here?
Aren't you almost finished here?
Aren't you almost finished?
Aren't you almost ready?
Aren't you alone now?
Aren't you alone right now?
Aren't you alone?
Aren't you already bored?
Aren't you already married?
Aren't you already on the team?
Aren't you also from Boston?
Aren't you always at home in the evening?
Aren't you an exchange student?
Aren't you an only child?
Aren't you and I friends?
Aren't you and Tom about the same age?
Aren't you and Tom both Canadians?
Aren't you and Tom both from Boston?
Aren't you and Tom close?
Aren't you and Tom enemies?
Aren't you and Tom friends?
Aren't you and Tom going to be there?
Aren't you and Tom going to do that?
Aren't you and Tom going?
Aren't you and Tom happy together?
Aren't you and Tom in the same class?
Aren't you and Tom related?
Aren't you and Tom still living in Australia?
Aren't you and Tom still living in Boston?
Aren't you and Tom still together?
Aren't you and your sister close?
Aren't you angry at Tom?
Aren't you angry right now?
Aren't you angry with Tom?
Aren't you angry yet?
Aren't you angry?
Aren't you annoyed by that?
Aren't you annoyed by this?
Aren't you anxious?
Aren't you ashamed of being besieged?
Aren't you ashamed of being such a goody-goody, and of studying so hard? You never have a bit of enjoyment.
Aren't you ashamed of the way you behaved?
Aren't you ashamed of yourself for having lost your temper like that?
Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
Aren't you ashamed of yourselves?
Aren't you ashamed to talk like that?
Aren't you ashamed?
Aren't you ashamed? Instead of being a beggar in the streets, why don't you look for work and earn your own bread?
Aren't you asleep yet?
Aren't you asleep yet? It's time for bed!
Aren't you at home any more?
Aren't you at home now?
Aren't you at home?
Aren't you at least curious?
Aren't you at university?
Aren't you at work?
Aren't you awake yet?
Aren't you being a little hard on Tom?
Aren't you being a little paranoid?
Aren't you being a little presumptuous?
Aren't you being a little too hard on Tom?
Aren't you being just a little unreasonable?
Aren't you being unreasonable?
Aren't you being very rude?
Aren't you better now?
Aren't you bored watching this boob tube?
Aren't you bored yet?
Aren't you bored, being alone?
Aren't you bored?
Aren't you bothered by the noise from the trains?
Aren't you bothered by this?
Aren't you bringing anyone?
Aren't you bringing your camera?
Aren't you brothers?
Aren't you busy on Monday?
Aren't you busy on Mondays?
Aren't you busy tomorrow afternoon?
Aren't you busy tomorrow morning?
Aren't you busy?
Aren't you called Tom?
Aren't you capable of it?
Aren't you claustrophobic?
Aren't you cold in short sleeves?
Aren't you cold out here?
Aren't you cold?
Aren't you comfortable?
Aren't you coming back for me?
Aren't you coming back in?
Aren't you coming back tomorrow?
Aren't you coming back tonight?
Aren't you coming back?
Aren't you coming home for dinner tonight?
Aren't you coming home tonight?
Aren't you coming in?
Aren't you coming inside?
Aren't you coming next week?
Aren't you coming this evening?
Aren't you coming to Australia this weekend?
Aren't you coming to Boston this weekend?
Aren't you coming to dinner?
Aren't you coming to my concert?
Aren't you coming to my party?
Aren't you coming to my recital tomorrow?
Aren't you coming to pick me up tomorrow morning?
Aren't you coming to pick me up?
Aren't you coming to the concert with me?
Aren't you coming to the party tomorrow?
Aren't you coming to the party tonight?
Aren't you coming to the party?
Aren't you coming to the store with me?
Aren't you coming tomorrow?
Aren't you coming with me?
Aren't you coming with us, Tom?
Aren't you coming with us?
Aren't you coming?
Aren't you contradicting yourself?
Aren't you convinced Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Aren't you convinced Tom was the one who did that?
Aren't you convinced?
Aren't you curious about it?
Aren't you curious about what he wants to tell you?
Aren't you curious?
Aren't you dancing tonight?
Aren't you dating Tom?
Aren't you dating anybody?
Aren't you dating anyone?
Aren't you dieting anymore?
Aren't you disappointed?
Aren't you disrespectful?
Aren't you distressed?
Aren't you doctors?
Aren't you doing anything special this evening?
Aren't you doing anything?
Aren't you doing what you think is right?
Aren't you done with this?
Aren't you done yet?
Aren't you done?
Aren't you dressed yet?
Aren't you embarrassed?
Aren't you enjoying this?
Aren't you enjoying your stay here?
Aren't you enjoying your weekend?
Aren't you enjoying yourself?
Aren't you enjoying yourselves?
Aren't you even a bit curious?
Aren't you even a little bit curious?
Aren't you even a little curious?
Aren't you even a little tempted to do that?
Aren't you even a little tempted?
Aren't you even curious?
Aren't you even going to ask me what I was doing?
Aren't you even going to ask me where I was?
Aren't you even going to listen to me?
Aren't you even going to tell me your name?
Aren't you ever coming back?
Aren't you ever going to do that again?
Aren't you ever going to do that?
Aren't you ever going to ease up on Tom?
Aren't you ever going to get up?
Aren't you ever going to leave?
Aren't you ever going to sleep?
Aren't you ever going to talk to Tom?
Aren't you ever going to tell me how you did that?
Aren't you ever going to tell me what happened that night?
Aren't you ever going to tell me?
Aren't you exaggerating a bit?
Aren't you exaggerating a little?
Aren't you exaggerating?
Aren't you excited about Halloween?
Aren't you excited about what happened?
Aren't you excited that Anki is almost ready to update to a stable version 1.2?
Aren't you excited?
Aren't you expecting Tom?
Aren't you expecting me to help you?
Aren't you expecting something to happen?
Aren't you expecting to buy a new printer?
Aren't you extremely busy preparing for your trip these days?
Aren't you fed up doing the same thing every day?
Aren't you feeling a little better now?
Aren't you feeling any better today?
Aren't you feeling any better?
Aren't you feeling better now?
Aren't you feeling better today?
Aren't you feeling tired?
Aren't you feeling well?
Aren't you finished for the day?
Aren't you finished here yet?
Aren't you finished yet?
Aren't you finished?
Aren't you fluent in French?
Aren't you fond of playing tennis?
Aren't you forgetting one thing?
Aren't you forgetting something?
Aren't you free on Monday?
Aren't you free on Mondays?
Aren't you free this weekend?
Aren't you free tomorrow evening?
Aren't you free tomorrow morning?
Aren't you free tomorrow night?
Aren't you free tomorrow?
Aren't you free tonight?
Aren't you freezing?
Aren't you friends with Tom?
Aren't you frightened?
Aren't you from Australia as well?
Aren't you from Australia, too?
Aren't you from Australia?
Aren't you from Boston as well?
Aren't you from Boston, too?
Aren't you from Boston?
Aren't you from around here?
Aren't you from here?
Aren't you from the consulate?
Aren't you furious?
Aren't you getting Tom anything for his birthday?
Aren't you getting a divorce?
Aren't you getting a new car?
Aren't you getting all this?
Aren't you getting bored?
Aren't you getting fed up with doing the same thing every day?
Aren't you getting hungry?
Aren't you getting in?
Aren't you getting nervous?
Aren't you getting on?
Aren't you getting paid for doing this?
Aren't you getting paid for this?
Aren't you getting sick of Tom?
Aren't you getting tired of doing the same thing every day?
Aren't you getting tired?
Aren't you glad I got a job?
Aren't you glad Tom and Mary aren't here?
Aren't you glad Tom didn't do that?
Aren't you glad Tom gave us enough money to buy something to eat?
Aren't you glad Tom isn't here?
Aren't you glad about that?
Aren't you glad that Tom did that?
Aren't you glad that Tom didn't do that?
Aren't you glad that Tom didn't win?
Aren't you glad that Tom gave us enough money to buy something to eat?
Aren't you glad that we're here instead of Australia?
Aren't you glad that you didn't go to Australia?
Aren't you glad that you didn't have to go to Australia?
Aren't you glad that you didn't have to go to Boston?
Aren't you glad to meet me?
Aren't you glad to see me?
Aren't you glad to see us?
Aren't you glad we cleared that up?
Aren't you glad we did that today?
Aren't you glad we did that?
Aren't you glad we didn't do that today?
Aren't you glad we didn't do that?
Aren't you glad we're here instead of Australia?
Aren't you glad we're here instead of Boston?
Aren't you glad we're here?
Aren't you glad you didn't go to Australia?
Aren't you glad you didn't go to Boston?
Aren't you glad you didn't have to go to Australia?
Aren't you glad you didn't have to go to Boston?
Aren't you glad you don't have to do this?
Aren't you glad you're retired?
Aren't you glad you're rich?
Aren't you glad?
Aren't you going anywhere for vacation?
Aren't you going back to Boston?
Aren't you going back to the office?
Aren't you going back to the party?
Aren't you going fishing this afternoon?
Aren't you going for a walk?
Aren't you going in?
Aren't you going on holiday to Rome?
Aren't you going out today?
Aren't you going out tonight?
Aren't you going out with anyone?
Aren't you going out?
Aren't you going there?
Aren't you going to Australia next month?
Aren't you going to Australia next summer?
Aren't you going to Australia tomorrow?
Aren't you going to Australia with us?
Aren't you going to Boston next weekend?
Aren't you going to Boston tomorrow?
Aren't you going to Boston with us?
Aren't you going to Mary's party?
Aren't you going to Tom and Mary's wedding?
Aren't you going to Tom's bachelor party?
Aren't you going to Tom's birthday party?
Aren't you going to Tom's farewell party?
Aren't you going to Tom's party tonight?
Aren't you going to Tom's party?
Aren't you going to answer?
Aren't you going to apologize to Tom?
Aren't you going to apologize?
Aren't you going to arrest me?
Aren't you going to ask Tom?
Aren't you going to ask?
Aren't you going to attend the meeting today?
Aren't you going to attend the meeting?
Aren't you going to be able to help Tom?
Aren't you going to be at the meeting?
Aren't you going to be at the party tonight?
Aren't you going to be at this afternoon's meeting?
Aren't you going to be here tomorrow?
Aren't you going to be here?
Aren't you going to be home all day?
Aren't you going to be home for Christmas?
Aren't you going to be home for dinner?
Aren't you going to be home tomorrow afternoon?
Aren't you going to be home tonight?
Aren't you going to be in Australia next October?
Aren't you going to be in Australia this summer?
Aren't you going to be in Boston this summer?
Aren't you going to be in Boston this weekend?
Aren't you going to be in London this summer?
Aren't you going to be on vacation next week?
Aren't you going to be there for a while?
Aren't you going to be there?
Aren't you going to bed?
Aren't you going to build cemeteries in New Zealand?
Aren't you going to build libraries in Paraguay?
Aren't you going to build skyscrapers in France?
Aren't you going to build stores in Romania?
Aren't you going to buy a dictionary?
Aren't you going to buy me something to drink?
Aren't you going to buy one of these?
Aren't you going to buy one of those?
Aren't you going to buy that?
Aren't you going to call Tom?
Aren't you going to call the police?
Aren't you going to come to Boston?
Aren't you going to come to Tom's party tonight?
Aren't you going to come tomorrow?
Aren't you going to come visit me?
Aren't you going to come?
Aren't you going to cook supper?
Aren't you going to cooperate?
Aren't you going to dance with Tom?
Aren't you going to dance?
Aren't you going to do anything special for Christmas?
Aren't you going to do anything?
Aren't you going to do it?
Aren't you going to do something about it?
Aren't you going to do something about that?
Aren't you going to do something?
Aren't you going to do that again?
Aren't you going to do that today?
Aren't you going to do that with me?
Aren't you going to do that?
Aren't you going to drink that?
Aren't you going to drink your milk?
Aren't you going to eat a little?
Aren't you going to eat anything?
Aren't you going to eat breakfast?
Aren't you going to eat it?
Aren't you going to eat that biscuit?
Aren't you going to eat that cookie?
Aren't you going to eat that cupcake?
Aren't you going to eat that piece of pie?
Aren't you going to eat that?
Aren't you going to eat the rest of your stew?
Aren't you going to eat with us tonight?
Aren't you going to eat with us?
Aren't you going to eat your pudding?
Aren't you going to eat your roll?
Aren't you going to eat your vegetables?
Aren't you going to eat?
Aren't you going to finish your coffee?
Aren't you going to finish your dinner?
Aren't you going to finish your supper?
Aren't you going to finish your tea?
Aren't you going to fix it?
Aren't you going to get Mr Tate?
Aren't you going to get in?
Aren't you going to get on the bus?
Aren't you going to get on the train?
Aren't you going to get on your horse?
Aren't you going to get on?
Aren't you going to give me a kiss?
Aren't you going to give us what we asked for?
Aren't you going to go anywhere this summer?
Aren't you going to go camping next summer?
Aren't you going to go home by bus?
Aren't you going to go out with Tom again?
Aren't you going to go swimming this afternoon?
Aren't you going to go talk to Tom?
Aren't you going to go there?
Aren't you going to go to Australia next week?
Aren't you going to go to Boston next week?
Aren't you going to go to Tom's concert tomorrow night?
Aren't you going to go to the party tonight?
Aren't you going to go with Tom?
Aren't you going to go with me?
Aren't you going to go with us?
Aren't you going to go?
Aren't you going to help Mum?
Aren't you going to help Tom do that?
Aren't you going to help Tom?
Aren't you going to help me with this?
Aren't you going to help me?
Aren't you going to help us clean out the garage?
Aren't you going to help us do that?
Aren't you going to help us tomorrow morning?
Aren't you going to help us?
Aren't you going to help your father repair it?
Aren't you going to help?
Aren't you going to hide?
Aren't you going to introduce me to your date?
Aren't you going to introduce me to your friend?
Aren't you going to introduce me to your friends?
Aren't you going to introduce me?
Aren't you going to introduce us?
Aren't you going to invite Tom to the party?
Aren't you going to invite Tom to your party?
Aren't you going to invite her somewhere?
Aren't you going to join in?
Aren't you going to join me?
Aren't you going to kiss Tom?
Aren't you going to kiss me goodbye?
Aren't you going to kiss me?
Aren't you going to leave a few cookies for me?
Aren't you going to leave me any cookies?
Aren't you going to let me help you?
Aren't you going to let me say anything?
Aren't you going to meet Tom tonight?
Aren't you going to mend it?
Aren't you going to miss Tom?
Aren't you going to miss her?
Aren't you going to miss him?
Aren't you going to miss them?
Aren't you going to offer me a drink?
Aren't you going to open it?
Aren't you going to open the box?
Aren't you going to open the envelope?
Aren't you going to pay?
Aren't you going to protest?
Aren't you going to psych yourself up before the match?
Aren't you going to read this book?
Aren't you going to report it?
Aren't you going to say anything else?
Aren't you going to say anything?
Aren't you going to say goodbye?
Aren't you going to say hello?
Aren't you going to say something?
Aren't you going to school today?
Aren't you going to school tomorrow?
Aren't you going to see Tom again tonight?
Aren't you going to see Tom this afternoon?
Aren't you going to see Tom tonight?
Aren't you going to see Tom?
Aren't you going to shake off your umbrella before you put it down?
Aren't you going to shake the water off your umbrella before you put it down?
Aren't you going to share it?
Aren't you going to show me where you work?
Aren't you going to sing with us?
Aren't you going to sing?
Aren't you going to sit with Tom?
Aren't you going to sit with us?
Aren't you going to sleep?
Aren't you going to spend Christmas with Tom?
Aren't you going to stay and help us clean up?
Aren't you going to stay for dinner?
Aren't you going to stay for lunch?
Aren't you going to stay here with us?
Aren't you going to stay with us?
Aren't you going to stick to your plan?
Aren't you going to study French?
Aren't you going to swim today?
Aren't you going to take part in the contest?
Aren't you going to take the bus home?
Aren't you going to take your coat off?
Aren't you going to talk about it?
Aren't you going to talk to Tom?
Aren't you going to teach in India?
Aren't you going to teach in Ukraine?
Aren't you going to tell Tom about the party?
Aren't you going to tell Tom about what happened?
Aren't you going to tell Tom about what you did?
Aren't you going to tell Tom what I did?
Aren't you going to tell Tom what Mary did?
Aren't you going to tell Tom?
Aren't you going to tell me about what happened to Tom?
Aren't you going to tell me what happened?
Aren't you going to tell me what it is?
Aren't you going to tell me what this is all about?
Aren't you going to tell me what's going on?
Aren't you going to tell me what's wrong?
Aren't you going to tell me?
Aren't you going to tell them who you are?
Aren't you going to tell us what happened?
Aren't you going to thank me?
Aren't you going to the cinema?
Aren't you going to the class reunion?
Aren't you going to the concert tonight?
Aren't you going to the game?
Aren't you going to the gym today?
Aren't you going to the meeting?
Aren't you going to the party tonight?
Aren't you going to the party?
Aren't you going to the show?
Aren't you going to the theater tonight?
Aren't you going to town today?
Aren't you going to try to fix it?
Aren't you going to vote for Tom Jackson?
Aren't you going to vote in the upcoming election?
Aren't you going to vote today?
Aren't you going to vote?
Aren't you going to wait for Tom?
Aren't you going to wait for me?
Aren't you going to wait?
Aren't you going to walk home?
Aren't you going to walk?
Aren't you going to warn Tom?
Aren't you going to wish me luck for tomorrow?
Aren't you going to work today?
Aren't you going to write to Tom?
Aren't you going with me?
Aren't you going with us?
Aren't you going?
Aren't you good at math?
Aren't you growing tired of this?
Aren't you guys coming?
Aren't you guys done yet?
Aren't you guys going to be there?
Aren't you guys happy together?
Aren't you guys having a good time?
Aren't you guys having any fun?
Aren't you guys homeless?
Aren't you guys hungry?
Aren't you guys ready?
Aren't you guys sleepy?
Aren't you guys still dating each other?
Aren't you guys still dating?
Aren't you guys still together?
Aren't you happy about this?
Aren't you happy here?
Aren't you happy now?
Aren't you happy that you are rich?
Aren't you happy that your daughter graduated?
Aren't you happy to see me?
Aren't you happy together?
Aren't you happy where you are?
Aren't you happy with your new car?
Aren't you happy with your new sports car?
Aren't you happy, Tom?
Aren't you happy?
Aren't you happy? What's the problem?
Aren't you having a good time tonight?
Aren't you having a good time?
Aren't you having fun yet?
Aren't you having fun, Tom?
Aren't you having fun?
Aren't you helping Tom?
Aren't you here to help me?
Aren't you here to help us?
Aren't you here to help?
Aren't you homesick?
Aren't you hot wearing all those clothes?
Aren't you hot with all that clobber on?
Aren't you hot with all those clothes on?
Aren't you hot?
Aren't you hot? Why don't you take off your sweater?
Aren't you hungry yet?
Aren't you hungry, Tom?
Aren't you hungry?
Aren't you impressed?
Aren't you in a band?
Aren't you in a hurry?
Aren't you in a lot of pain?
Aren't you in bed for a specific reason?
Aren't you in charge?
Aren't you in love with me anymore?
Aren't you in need of help?
Aren't you in pain?
Aren't you in town?
Aren't you inclined to learn Esperanto?
Aren't you insured?
Aren't you interested in Tom?
Aren't you interested in football?
Aren't you interested in foreign languages?
Aren't you interested in learning French?
Aren't you interested in politics?
Aren't you interested in the job?
Aren't you interested?
Aren't you intrigued?
Aren't you jealous of Tom?
Aren't you jealous?
Aren't you just a little bit curious?
Aren't you kids having fun?
Aren't you kids hungry?
Aren't you kind of curious?
Aren't you late?
Aren't you late? What were you doing?
Aren't you learning French?
Aren't you leaving today?
Aren't you leaving tomorrow?
Aren't you listening to me?
Aren't you listening?
Aren't you living in Boston now?
Aren't you lonely without your friends?
Aren't you looking for Tom?
Aren't you looking for a job?
Aren't you looking for work?
Aren't you looking forward to speaking well?
Aren't you looking forward to your next chance to speak?
Aren't you looking forward to your next vacation?
Aren't you lot coming?
Aren't you loyal?
Aren't you lucky?
Aren't you mad at Tom?
Aren't you mad that Tom did that?
Aren't you mad that Tom didn't do that?
Aren't you making progress?
Aren't you married to Tom?
Aren't you married yet?
Aren't you married?
Aren't you missing anyone?
Aren't you missing something?
Aren't you moving back home?
Aren't you moving to Boston?
Aren't you my friend too?
Aren't you my friend?
Aren't you neglecting something?
Aren't you nervous?
Aren't you new here?
Aren't you off duty tonight?
Aren't you offended?
Aren't you old enough to drink?
Aren't you old enough to drive?
Aren't you old enough to retire?
Aren't you old enough to vote?
Aren't you older than Tom?
Aren't you on a diet?
Aren't you on any medications?
Aren't you on duty tonight?
Aren't you on good terms with Tom?
Aren't you on some kind of medication?
Aren't you on the baseball team?
Aren't you on the committee?
Aren't you on the list?
Aren't you on the team?
Aren't you on vacation?
Aren't you one of Tom's children?
Aren't you one of Tom's friends?
Aren't you one of Tom's lawyers?
Aren't you one of Tom's relatives?
Aren't you one of Tom's students?
Aren't you one of the cheerleaders?
Aren't you over 18?
Aren't you over eighteen years old?
Aren't you overstepping the mark there?
Aren't you part of this group?
Aren't you paying for the damages in full?
Aren't you planning on doing that?
Aren't you planning on voting?
Aren't you planning to buy a new printer?
Aren't you planning to do that?
Aren't you planning to go Christmas caroling this year?
Aren't you planning to go to Australia with Tom?
Aren't you planning to go to Boston with Tom?
Aren't you planning to help Tom?
Aren't you planning to stay here for a while?
Aren't you planning to stay?
Aren't you planning to take any time off?
Aren't you planning to talk to Tom?
Aren't you please going to sit down?
Aren't you pleased?
Aren't you pregnant? Well, stop drinking then!
Aren't you prepared?
Aren't you proud of Tom?
Aren't you proud of yourself?
Aren't you proud to be Egyptian?
Aren't you psyched?
Aren't you psychic?
Aren't you pushing it too far?
Aren't you rather young for that?
Aren't you ready for more?
Aren't you ready to begin?
Aren't you ready to do that?
Aren't you ready to go home?
Aren't you ready to go yet?
Aren't you ready to go?
Aren't you ready to help us?
Aren't you ready to leave?
Aren't you ready to proceed?
Aren't you ready to start doing that?
Aren't you ready to start working?
Aren't you ready to start?
Aren't you ready to tell me what happened?
Aren't you ready to work?
Aren't you ready yet?
Aren't you ready, Tom?
Aren't you ready?
Aren't you recording this?
Aren't you recording us right now?
Aren't you registered to vote?
Aren't you registered?
Aren't you related to Tom?
Aren't you related to me?
Aren't you related to us?
Aren't you related?
Aren't you responsible for all of this?
Aren't you responsible for this?
Aren't you responsible for what happened?
Aren't you retired, Tom?
Aren't you retired?
Aren't you rich?
Aren't you sad?
Aren't you satisfied now?
Aren't you satisfied with Tom's achievements?
Aren't you satisfied with that?
Aren't you satisfied with the result?
Aren't you satisfied yet?
Aren't you satisfied, Tom?
Aren't you satisfied?
Aren't you scared now?
Aren't you scared of Tom?
Aren't you scared of anything?
Aren't you scared of him?
Aren't you scared of me?
Aren't you scared, Tom?
Aren't you scared?
Aren't you seeing anybody now?
Aren't you seeing anybody right now?
Aren't you seeing anybody?
Aren't you seeing anyone?
Aren't you seeing someone?
Aren't you selling this at a discount price?
Aren't you serious about anything?
Aren't you serious about getting married?
Aren't you siblings?
Aren't you sick of doing that yet?
Aren't you sick of doing that?
Aren't you sick of eating fast food?
Aren't you sick of eating here?
Aren't you sick of me yet?
Aren't you sisters?
Aren't you sleepy yet?
Aren't you sleepy?
Aren't you somewhat losing your hair?
Aren't you sorry for what happened last night?
Aren't you sorry that you did that?
Aren't you sorry that you didn't do that?
Aren't you sorry that you weren't there?
Aren't you sorry you did that?
Aren't you sorry you didn't do that?
Aren't you sorry you weren't there?
Aren't you sorry?
Aren't you spending Christmas with Tom?
Aren't you spending Thanksgiving with Tom?
Aren't you spending Valentine's Day with Tom?
Aren't you starting to get tired?
Aren't you starving?
Aren't you still afraid something might happen?
Aren't you still afraid?
Aren't you still angry with Tom?
Aren't you still angry?
Aren't you still at home?
Aren't you still at the office?
Aren't you still at work?
Aren't you still based in Boston?
Aren't you still busy?
Aren't you still cold?
Aren't you still convinced Tom was the one who did it?
Aren't you still dating Tom?
Aren't you still dating the same girl?
Aren't you still dizzy?
Aren't you still doing that?
Aren't you still going out with Tom?
Aren't you still going to go out with Tom?
Aren't you still hungry?
Aren't you still in college?
Aren't you still in high school?
Aren't you still in love with Tom?
Aren't you still living in Boston?
Aren't you still living on Park Street?
Aren't you still living with your parents?
Aren't you still mad about last night?
Aren't you still mad at Tom?
Aren't you still mad?
Aren't you still married to Tom?
Aren't you still married?
Aren't you still on a diet?
Aren't you still on the basketball team?
Aren't you still planning on doing that?
Aren't you still planning on going back to Australia?
Aren't you still planning on going back to Boston?
Aren't you still planning to come to the party?
Aren't you still planning to do that?
Aren't you still planning to marry Tom?
Aren't you still planning to quit your job?
Aren't you still politically active?
Aren't you still scared?
Aren't you still seeing Tom?
Aren't you still seeing the same girl?
Aren't you still single?
Aren't you still sleepy?
Aren't you still studying French?
Aren't you still upset about that?
Aren't you still with Tom?
Aren't you still working as a waiter?
Aren't you still working for Tom?
Aren't you still working for us?
Aren't you still working in Boston?
Aren't you still working with Tom?
Aren't you stretched pretty thin already?
Aren't you students at this school?
Aren't you students?
Aren't you studying French?
Aren't you supposed to be at school today?
Aren't you supposed to be at school?
Aren't you supposed to be at work right now?
Aren't you supposed to be at work?
Aren't you supposed to be gone by now?
Aren't you supposed to be in Australia?
Aren't you supposed to be in Boston with Tom this week?
Aren't you supposed to be in Boston?
Aren't you supposed to be in school right now?
Aren't you supposed to be on a diet?
Aren't you supposed to be with Tom?
Aren't you supposed to wait?
Aren't you sure?
Aren't you surprised I came?
Aren't you surprised Tom did that?
Aren't you surprised by his answer?
Aren't you surprised that I came?
Aren't you surprised that Tom did that?
Aren't you surprised to see me here?
Aren't you surprised to see me?
Aren't you surprised?
Aren't you taking the train?
Aren't you taking this a little too seriously?
Aren't you talking from experience?
Aren't you taller than Tom?
Aren't you the author of this book?
Aren't you the boss?
Aren't you the doorman?
Aren't you the girl Tom has been dating?
Aren't you the girl Tom has been hanging out with?
Aren't you the girl Tom has been seeing?
Aren't you the group leader?
Aren't you the least bit interested in what Tom and Mary have to say?
Aren't you the least bit interested in what Tom has to say?
Aren't you the lucky one?
Aren't you the manager?
Aren't you the mayor?
Aren't you the mother of these children?
Aren't you the one behind all of this?
Aren't you the one in charge?
Aren't you the one that asked me to be here?
Aren't you the one that screwed me over last time here? Yeah, you are. Seriously, you have it out for me? I promise you, that's not cool. That's totally not cool. I truly despise you.
Aren't you the one who asked Tom to do that?
Aren't you the one who asked Tom to help?
Aren't you the one who ate my sandwich?
Aren't you the one who baked this cake?
Aren't you the one who came to see me?
Aren't you the one who caused the accident?
Aren't you the one who caused this mess?
Aren't you the one who did that?
Aren't you the one who did this?
Aren't you the one who has to do that?
Aren't you the one who needs to do that?
Aren't you the one who organized this party?
Aren't you the one who saved me?
Aren't you the one who should do that?
Aren't you the one who spilled the paint?
Aren't you the one who taught Tom how to do that?
Aren't you the one who taught Tom how to drive?
Aren't you the one who told Tom to do that?
Aren't you the one who took my knife?
Aren't you the one who volunteered to do that?
Aren't you the one who wanted this?
Aren't you the one who wrote this?
Aren't you the one who's always saying we should spend more time together?
Aren't you the one who's supposed to do that?
Aren't you the only one who has a key to this door?
Aren't you the owner of this house?
Aren't you the person in charge?
Aren't you the person who wanted this?
Aren't you the romantic?
Aren't you the sly one?
Aren't you their mother?
Aren't you thirsty?
Aren't you three Canadians?
Aren't you three brothers?
Aren't you three good friends?
Aren't you tired from taking care of him all day?
Aren't you tired now?
Aren't you tired of being a failure?
Aren't you tired of being a nothing?
Aren't you tired of doing that?
Aren't you tired of doing the same thing every day?
Aren't you tired of doing this?
Aren't you tired of eating the same thing every day?
Aren't you tired of me yet?
Aren't you tired of waiting in line?
Aren't you tired yet?
Aren't you tired?
Aren't you together any more?
Aren't you too old to be playing with toys?
Aren't you too tired to be doing that?
Aren't you too tired to do that?
Aren't you too young for that job?
Aren't you too young to smoke?
Aren't you troubled?
Aren't you trying your best?
Aren't you two brothers?
Aren't you two dating each other?
Aren't you two even going to tell me your names?
Aren't you two friends?
Aren't you two happy?
Aren't you two hungry?
Aren't you two musicians?
Aren't you two related?
Aren't you uncomfortable?
Aren't you underage?
Aren't you up past your bedtime?
Aren't you usually at home in the evening?
Aren't you usually home in the evenings?
Aren't you waiting for Tom?
Aren't you waiting for anyone?
Aren't you wearing my shoes?
Aren't you wearing our son's T-shirt?
Aren't you wearing shoes?
Aren't you willing to do that?
Aren't you willing to help me paint my house?
Aren't you willing to help?
Aren't you willing to pay that much?
Aren't you wondering where I am?
Aren't you working today?
Aren't you working tomorrow?
Aren't you worried about Tom?
Aren't you worried about being alone?
Aren't you worried about being by yourself?
Aren't you worried about global warming?
Aren't you worried about that at all?
Aren't you worried about the competition?
Aren't you worried about the future?
Aren't you worried about what might happen?
Aren't you worried about your grades?
Aren't you worried about your public image?
Aren't you worried it might be a trap?
Aren't you worried that Tom might get injured?
Aren't you worried that you'll miss your train?
Aren't you worried?
Aren't you younger than Tom?
Aren’t I going to Australia to build stores?
Aren’t people who have promiscuous sex afraid of VDs like AIDS?
Aren’t the boys staying with you?
Aren’t they Americans?
Aren’t they Englishmen?
Aren’t they going to Australia to build stores?
Aren’t they going to the ceilidh in the town?
Aren’t they on the sea during the night?
Aren’t we forgetting something?
Aren’t we going out to the park today?
Aren’t we going to Australia to build stores?
Aren’t you Tom?
Aren’t you a little young for this position?
Aren’t you a very kind man?
Aren’t you ashamed to talk like that?
Aren’t you being very rude?
Aren’t you coming to the party tomorrow?
Aren’t you excited that Anki is almost ready to update to a stable version 1.2?
Aren’t you fond of playing tennis?
Aren’t you getting tired of this joke?
Aren’t you going to Australia to build stores?
Aren’t you going to build factories in Mexico?
Aren’t you going to get Mr Tate?
Aren’t you happy?
Aren’t you hungry?
Aren’t you looking forward to your next chance to speak?
Aren’t you paying for the damages in full?
Aren’t you pushing it too far?
Aren’t you ready?
Aren’t you selling this at a discount price?
Aren’t you sleepy?
Aren’t you stretched pretty thin already?
Aren’t you supposed to be at school today?
Aren’t you the lucky one?
Aren’t you thirsty?
Aren’t you tired?
Aren’t you worried about what’s going on?
Areqi and Lila walked slowly along the path that led to the old ash tree.
Argentina fought a war with Great Britain over the Falkland Islands.
Argentina is a Spanish-speaking country in South America.
Argentina is a major exporter of raw materials.
Argentina is the second largest country in South America.
Argentina will break the record for the longest, and also the most restrictive, confinement.
Argentina would fit within Brazil 3 times with room to spare.
Argentina's Lionel Messi was kicked by a Rosario Central fan.
Argentina's Radio Cultura had an exposé on people learning Greek in Argentina.
Argentina, Chile, Uruguay, Paraguay and Southern Brazil are part of the Southern Cone.
Argentinian grapes for five reals a box!
Argentinians that want to travel to Brazil have to be vaccinated against yellow fever.
Argh! My computer froze up again.
Argh, I was so embarrassed today. I wore my clothes inside-out.
Argleton is a town in West Lancashire, England which exists only on Google maps.
Argon is a noble gas.
Arguing about it won't help.
Arguing can lead to clearer communication.
Arguing is no way to go about it.
Arguing isn't gonna help.
Arguing never got anyone anywhere.
Arguing on Twitter isn't worth it.
Arguing with a woman is about as fruitful as scooping up water with a sieve.
Arguing with a woman is just like playing a match you know you're going to lose. After all, women are almost always right.
Arguing with a woman is like trying to drown water, burn fire, dig soil or catch air.
Arguing won't solve anything.
Argument continues about the "White collar exemption" that exempts specific white collar workers from the "8 hours in 1 day, 40 hours a week," working hours fixed by the Labour Standards Act.
Argument was not his strong point, but holding fast to his opinion certainly was.
Argumentations can be analysed in terms of the signals of the writer's attitudes and judgement.
Arguments are extremely vulgar, for everyone in good society holds exactly the same opinion.
Arguments are to be avoided: they are always vulgar and often convincing.
Arguments can be disruptive at work.
Arguments can disrupt the work.
Ari Up (Ariane Forster) was the frontwoman of the Slits.
Ari is agender.
Ariadna likes apples.
Ariaios will at once withdraw, so that not a friend will be left us.
Ariana Grande is one of the best pop musical artists in the United States.
Arianna, you're a disaster!
Arianna, you’re a disaster!
Ariel is making a fruit salad that has papayas and jackfruits.
Ariel likes arroz con leche.
Ariel likes coconut juice mixed with pineapple.
Ariel likes lollipops.
Ariel likes popsicles.
Ariel likes rice pudding.
Ariel thinks that rice pudding is a food of the gods.
Ariel wants to learn the Finnish language.
Aries, Leo and Sagittarius are the three fire signs.
Aripiprazole can cause hypersexuality.
Arise and walk through the land in the length, and in the breadth thereof: for I will give it to thee.
Arise!
Arise, and let us go up to Bethel, that we may make there an altar to God, who heard me in the day of my affliction, and accompanied me in my journey.
Arise, awake and stop not till the goal is reached.
Arise, children of the fatherland!
Arise, make haste, my love, my dove, my beautiful one, and come.
Arise, take up the boy, and hold him by the hand, for I will make him a great nation.
Arising in the morning, they swore one to another: and Isaac sent them away peaceably to their own home.
Aristarchus of Samos believed that the Sun was at the center of the universe and that the Earth revolved around it.
Aristarchus of Samos proposed that the sun was the center of the solar system, and that the stars might be other suns.
Aristarchus suspected that the stars were other suns that were very far away.
Aristocrats lived to the east and west of the imperial palace.
Aristotle and Descartes are the only philosophers who are smarter than all of their disciples.
Aristotle believed that aether naturally moved in circles.
Aristotle believed that everything on Earth was made from four elements: earth, air, fire and water.
Aristotle believed that the Earth was at the centre of the universe.
Aristotle believed that the Earth was in the center of the universe.
Aristotle believed that the Earth was the center of the universe.
Aristotle believed that the celestial bodies were made of a fifth element, called the aether or quintessence.
Aristotle believed that the four physical elements were subject to change, but not the fifth element, which he called the aether.
Aristotle believed that the moon marked the boundary between the sublunary earthly region and the supralunary heavenly region.
Aristotle believed that the sublunary sphere was made from four elements: earth, air, fire and water.
Aristotle believed that the whole world was made of four elements: earth, air, fire, and water.
Aristotle believed that there were four physical elements: earth, water, air, and fire.
Aristotle considered eudaimonia to be the highest human good.
Aristotle maintained that women have fewer teeth than men; although he was twice married, it never occurred to him to verify this statement by examining his wives' mouths.
Aristotle maintained that women have fewer teeth than men; although he was twice married, it never occurred to him to verify this statement by examining his wives’ mouths.
Aristotle said that the point of art was to achieve catharsis.
Aristotle thought women were of weak nature and easily overtaken by their emotions.
Aristotle was toadying up to the Macedonian monarchy.
Aristotle, one of the ancient philosophers who exerted great influence, is the earliest natural historian whose work was preserved in detail.
Aristotle, who lived from 384 to 322 BC, believed the Earth was round. He thought Earth was the center of the universe and that the Sun, Moon, planets, and all the fixed stars revolved around it.
Arithmetic deals with numbers.
Arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your shoes.
Arithmetic is his strong point.
Arizona might vote blue for the first time since 1996.
Arjun passed by the shop that sold wicker baskets.
Arkady was sitting on the steps and talking to a girl named Lyudmila.
Arkhangelsk is the farthest of the farthest places you can imagine.
Arlan went to the boss.
Arletty is a French actress.
Arm in arm, Tom and Mary walked around the pond.
Arm in arm, Tom and Mary walked down the path, singing.
Arm the homeless.
Arm the houseless.
Arm trans women.
Arm yourself with knowledge.
Arm yourself.
Arm yourselves.
Armadillos are related to anteaters and sloths.
Armado de Andres, who is with the United Nations' anti-narcotics office, says there are already little regional mafias cooperating with major South American and European cartels in smuggling drugs.
Armand the vampire's religion is henotheistic.
Armed fascist paramilitaries shouting out slurs are not appropriate for children.
Armed federal agents descended on David's home.
Armed forces besieged the city.
Armed guards aboard the boat returned fire, disabling one of the speedboats.
Armed officers escorted Tom out of the courtroom.
Armed only with a short sword, he drove off all five of his attackers.
Armed policemen escorted Tom out of the courtroom.
Armed soldiers were in the park.
Armed with a chain saw, Panama City resident Johnny Gonzalez was sawing through as many fallen trees as it takes to clear roadways and driveways.
Armed with a rather weak argument, Tom nonetheless went on the offensive.
Armed with a rifle, he went underground!
Armed with assault rifles, they took more than thirty hostages.
Armed with laptops, tablets, game consoles and smartphones, millennials and Gen Zers living in quarantine, while physically isolated, continue to be engaged with the outside world.
Armed, in the vacant courts, by Juno's fane, / Phoenix and curst Ulysses watched the prey.
Armenia covers an area of approximately 29,743 square kilometers and has a population of around 3 million people, with Yerevan as its capital and largest city.
Armenia declared independence from the Soviet Union on September 21, 1991, after nearly 70 years as part of the USSR.
Armenia declared independence on May 26, 1918.
Armenia is a mountainous country.
Armenia is called "Hayastan" in Armenian.
Armenia joined the World Trade Organization in 2003.
Armenia lost the war.
Armenia was absorbed into the Soviet Union.
Armenia was the first country to make Christianity its state religion.
Armenia's history is marked by periods of independence and foreign domination.
Armenia's rugged terrain is dominated by mountainous landscapes, with Mount Ararat, a national symbol, prominently visible from much of the country.
Armenia, officially known as the Republic of Armenia, is a landlocked country situated in the South Caucasus region of Eurasia, bordered by Turkey to the west, Georgia to the north, Azerbaijan to the east, and Iran to the south.
Armenian culture is a unique blend of indigenous traditions and influences from neighboring civilizations.
Armenian is an Indo-European language.
Armenian is one of the most difficult languages to learn.
Armenian literature dates back to the 5th century, with the historian Movses Khorenatsi often referred to as the "Father of Armenian History."
Armenian writing is often hard for me to read because its letters contrast very little with each other.
Armenian-Turkish relations remain one of the most complicated issues in international politics.
Armenians participated in the Crusades alongside European Christians.
Armies invaded and conquered the enemy territory.
Armin broke the window.
Armin is a Japanese citizen.
Armin is an Iranian citizen.
Armored glass guarantees safety, but due to its high price, it cannot yet be made available to everyone.
Armored though it was, the window did not resist the bullet, which hit the driver's head.
Armoring also causes deflection of wave energy, which can accelerate erosion of nearby sites, expanding the need for shoreline armoring structures.
Arms export was prohibited.
Arms folded across the chest and upper body bent forwards, the guest showed respect to the host.
Armstrong said he was shocked when he opened the door the first time to two workers in hazmat gear in the hallway.
Armstrong walked around.
Armstrong was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in recognition of his accomplishments and his contributions to the space program.
Armstrong was the first man to reach the moon.
Armstrong’s roommate first seemed to improve but then had a setback.
Army ants have no permanent nests.
Arn Chorn-Pond sits with his eyes closed, exhaling as his fingers dart along his bamboo flute.
Arnica cream is said to help relax stiff joints.
Arnie, can you hold on until help comes?
Arnold Schwarzenegger is a Republican.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was a bodybuilder.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was an actor.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was born in Austria.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was the governor of California.
Arnold doesn't look at Robin, but Robin does look at Arnold.
Arnold gets a huge thrill from fishing.
Arnold is concerned with cases of dual personality.
Arnold teaches us to see the object as it really is.
Arnold was striving to be the most muscular man in the world.
Aromatherapy is a form of alternative medicine that heals the mind and the body by using essential oils.
Aron Ivanovich is a halachic Jew.
Aron killed Elizabeth.
Around 12 million tons of plastic waste are dumped into the oceans every year, polluting the water, killing wildlife, and creating microplastics that enter the food chain.
Around 15:00, my walking led me to Tim Hortons café, there to enjoy a Strawberry Watermelon Lemonade Quencher and a Lemon Poppyseed Muffin, as I sat sunning myself by the long table with a drawing of an ice hockey rink thereon. Homebound, in the alleyway, I saw dragonflies. In my mind, I say "tutubí" in Tagalog and "tombo" in Japanese. Sometimes, I chat with the anxious carpenters near the alleyway. It's the 24th of May of 2025.
Around 20% of Spaniards today have direct patrilineal descent from Sephardic Jews.
Around 217 indigenous languages are spoken in Brazil.
Around 29% of Okinawans live to be a 100.
Around 30% increase in power seen in in-house comparisons with previous model.
Around 300 people were arrested.
Around 7 billion years ago, the expansion of the universe accelerated.
Around 70 people were waiting for him.
Around 75% of Europeans are Christians.
Around 8,000 snow leopards are believed to be left in the wild worldwide.
Around Tom's neck hung a garland of flowers.
Around a fourth of Algerians speak Berber as their first language.
Around a mere at the end of the valley were gathered the brightly coloured wooden houses of an idyllic little town.
Around age six, the twins started taking a drug called L-DOPA, which dramatically lessened their muscle spasms and other symptoms.
Around age ten, in the garden in the Philippines, I imagined my hand or a paper plane was a gliding and swooping spacecraft. In North America, I did the same thing with my hand moving through the mists in a horizontal grocery freezer.
Around five ships passed around Gabriel's vicinity, but no one saw him.
Around half of humanity relies upon water and rivers that originate in the high mountains. And, so this is used for irrigation. It is used for power production, hydroelectricity. It is used for our urban and community water supplies and it provides essential water for ecosystems from the mountaintop down to the sea.
Around half of middle-school students in Japan have mobile phones, but if you look at those in high school then 97% have them.
Around half of the audience were female.
Around here, everyone skis.
Around here, they roll up the sidewalks at 7 o'clock.
Around here, you have to make your own fun.
Around him in the carriage, the other passengers rocked and swayed.
Around him, in the carriage, the other passengers rocked and swayed.
Around his facts the scientist weaves a logical pattern or theory which gives the facts meaning, order, and significance.
Around honey, there is no lack of flies.
Around nine o'clock I'll be on my way back again.
Around nine o’clock I’ll be on my way back again.
Around noon, the chance of passing rain showers gets stronger.
Around that time I was still doing a number of days overtime.
Around the church are fences, shops, synagogues -- uncomplicated and eternal buildings, as in the frescoes of Giotto.
Around the city ran a river.
Around the corner comes a paunch. The owner is right behind.
Around the corner was a field full of golden stalks of wheat.
Around the fall of the Roman Empire, which occurred in 476, Latin evolved differently in each major region of the West.
Around the pool there are sun lounge chairs.
Around the pool there are sun loungers.
Around the pots, volunteers slather tuna, mayonnaise and chocolate (not all together) on baguettes.
Around the saints roam the devils.
Around the time you go to college, you start having to pay contributions to the National Pension.
Around the town's perimeter, the residents constructed a wall with four gates. Through the gates, roads led east, south, west and north.
Around the world thoughts shall fly in the twinkling of an eye.
Around the world, girls face complex physical, cultural, and financial barriers in accessing education.
Around the world, independent artists and musicians wrestle with a common problem: where to exhibit or perform?
Around the world, invasive species are a major threat to many coastal ecosystems and the benefits they provide, from food to clean water.
Around the world, invasive species are a major threat to many coastal ecosystems and the benefits they provide, from food to clean water. Attitudes among scientists are evolving, however, as more research demonstrates that they occasionally carry a hidden upside.
Around the world, national leaders and diplomats have expressed their hopes that the United States will reverse its decision to pull out of the Paris Agreement on fighting climate change.
Around the world, protesters are marching for George Floyd.
Around the world, refugees flow across borders in flight from brutal conflict.
Around the world, we’re more tolerant -- with more opportunity for women, and gays and lesbians, as we push back on bigotry and prejudice.
Around the year 174 AD, his people revolted against Rome.
Around them no one was saying anything.
Around them was spread the rich flora of the Carmel ridge, with occasional Druze villages nestling on its slopes; and close at hand the happy twittering of the birds fell on the fragrant air.
Around this world, many countries have become vassal states of the USA, and they are learning the American language. Is this world geopolitically unipolar today?
Around twenty people have been hurt.
Around two million people live in the Crimean peninsula.
Around two to four per cent of Canadians suffer from Seasonal Affective Disorder.
Around two-thirds of our body is made up of water.
Arraignment is set for October 20th.
Arrange every emotion for her.
Arrange the apples and oranges alternately in a row.
Arrange your belongings neatly on your shelves.
Arrangements have already been made.
Arranging this money order cost $50 in bank fees and commissions.
Arrest her.
Arrest him.
Arrest the police!
Arrests were made throughout the country.
Arrive as early as possible.
Arrive early.
Arrive home.
Arrived at the door of the apartment, Colonel Ashton knocked and called, but received no answer except stifled groans.
Arriving at 4 a.m. isn't being late.
Arriving at 4 isn't late.
Arriving at 4 p.m. isn't being late.
Arriving at a Canadian airport, the South Africans broke into enthusiastic singing, all whilst stomping the floor in gumboots.
Arriving at school, I found the race was over.
Arriving at the airport, I called her up.
Arriving at the airport, I saw the plane taking off.
Arriving at the end of each year (that is, the last day of the lunar calendar) wasn't just a new day taking over from the previous one, but also a new year taking over from the previous one, and this was called 'first exchange'.
Arriving at the end of each year (that is, the last day of the lunar calendar) wasn’t just a new day taking over from the previous one, but also a new year taking over from the previous one, and this was called ’first exchange’.
Arriving at the scene of the accident, doctors provide assistance to the victims.
Arriving at the station, I found my train gone.
Arriving at the station, I found the train had already left.
Arriving at the station, he found his train gone.
Arriving at the station, he found his train had gone.
Arriving at the station, he realised that the train had already left half an hour ago.
Arriving at the station, she called up her brother.
Arriving at the station, she phoned her mother.
Arriving early assures you the best spots.
Arriving early is good.
Arriving in Edinburgh, Marat thought it necessary for a time to live in hiding, but finally he came out and was duly installed as barkeep at a tavern, and a student in the medical department of the University of Saint Andrews—a rather peculiar combination.
Arriving in the kitchen, I see four loaves of bread.
Arrogance and pride, combined with wealth and rank, lead to catastrophe.
Arrogance blinds people.
Arrogance diminishes wisdom.
Arrogance has always been my pet aversion.
Arrogance is a caricature of pride.
Arrogance is a manifestation of weakness, the secret fear hidden from rivals.
Arrogance is the art of being proud of one's own stupidity.
Arrogance is the caricature of pride.
Arrogance leads to a person's downfall.
Arrogance precedes the fall.
Arrogant people are full of themselves.
Arrogant people are hard to deal with.
Arrogant people are hard to work with.
Arrogant people are not humble.
Arrogant people are offended by negative feedback.
Arrogant people are often mean.
Arrogant people are often rude.
Arrogant people are self-centered.
Arrogant people are too narcissistic.
Arrogant people are too self-centered.
Arrogant people discourage other people.
Arrogant people do everything they can to make you feel you want to give up.
Arrogant people don't accept the opposite view.
Arrogant people enjoy putting other people down.
Arrogant people like destroying other people emotionally.
Arrogant people like to put other people down.
Arrogant people make you feel discouraged.
Arrogant people make you feel so discouraged.
Arrogant people need to swallow their pride.
Arrogant people never encourage other people.
Arrogant people never motivate other people.
Arrogant people take criticism personally.
Arrogant people think they're superior.
Arrogant people would always talk about themselves.
Arrokoth is one of the thousands of known small icy worlds in the Kuiper Belt.
Arrokoth is the most distant, most primitive and most pristine object ever explored by spacecraft.
Arrokoth looks like a snowman.
Arrows can't pierce the dragon's scales.
Arroyo is just another name for a wash.
Arroyo is just another word for a wash.
Arroz negro tastes inky because it's made with squid ink.
Arroz negro tastes inky because it’s made with squid ink.
Arsehole.
Arsenal is my favourite football team.
Arsenal is up 3-0.
Arsenic is a poison.
Arsenic is obtained primarily from arsenopyrite (FeAsS), a mineral with a metallic luster.
Arsenic is odorless and tasteless.
Arsenic, a known carcinogen, is a contaminant that comes in two forms: organic and inorganic. Organic arsenic occurs naturally in the soil and water. Inorganic arsenic comes mainly from commercial fertilizers and pesticides used in agriculture.
Arsenopyrite (FeAsS) is heated in air to produce white arsenic (As₂O₃).
Arsine is a poisonous gas.
Arson is a crime.
Arson is a criminal act.
Art appreciation can depend on cultural background.
Art breaks the monotony of our life.
Art brings bread.
Art could be considered as giving structure to two elements: repetition and variation.
Art endures, Life passes.
Art exists so reality doesn't destroy us.
Art for art's sake.
Art for art’s sake.
Art gives the chaos of the world an order that doesn't exist.
Art has no borders.
Art has no limits.
Art imitates life because life is an art.
Art imitates life much more often than the other way around.
Art imitates life.
Art is a harmony that runs parallel to nature.
Art is a serious thing.
Art is dead.
Art is deceived by art.
Art is far weaker than necessity.
Art is long, and Time is fleeting, And our hearts, though stout and brave, Still, like muffled drums, are beating Funeral marches to the grave. In the world’s broad field of battle, In the bivouac of Life, Be not like dumb, driven cattle! Be a hero in the strife!
Art is long, life is short.
Art is long, life short; judgment difficult, opportunity transient.
Art is long, time is fleeting.
Art is loved by everybody.
Art is made fun of by art.
Art is my favourite class.
Art is my lifework.
Art is my passion.
Art is my son's favourite subject at school.
Art is not a luxury, but a necessity.
Art is not an exact science, it's an art.
Art is not an exact science, it’s an art.
Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth.
Art is the most intense mode of individualism that the world has known.
Art isn't a luxury, but a necessity.
Art isn't the pretension of perfection.
Art lasts, life goes by.
Art made her happy.
Art makes me happy.
Art should comfort the disturbed and disturb the comfortable.
Art takes many forms.
Art teachers should expand your creative horizon.
Art therapy can be part of working through past trauma.
Art was in its golden age in Venice during the Renaissance.
Art was then at its best.
Art wipes dust from the soul.
Artefacts were recently uncovered in Mexico City.
Artemis is Apollo's sister.
Artemis was the daughter of Zeus.
Artemis was the goddess of chastity, virginity, hunting, the moon and nature.
Artemis was the sister of Apollo.
Artemis, you need to do something useful with your life... you can tell that I'm alluding to your failing grade in English, right?
Arteries, veins, and capillaries are the three main types of blood vessel.
Arthritis is a painful condition that affects the joints.
Arthropods have external skeletons.
Arthropods have more feet.
Arthropods must shed the exoskeleton in order to grow or assume a new form.
Arthur Bernardes was elected senator in the year nineteen hundred and twenty-seven.
Arthur Brand is an art detective.
Arthur Brand is known as the Indiana Jones of the Art World.
Arthur C. Clarke envisioned radical stages in the evolution of a civilized species, from biological, to machine postbiological, and finally, to incorporeality.
Arthur C. Clarke was a British sci-fi author, who lived to his last years in Sri Lanka, a Buddhist country. He thought, though, that "3" was Hindu, and he wrote about threesomes in some of his novels.
Arthur C. Clarke, a British, and Samuel R. Delany, a mulatto American, both wrote sci-fi literature envisioning centuries of colonization within the Solar System. Although they also wrote about interstellar travel, they thought that interstellar travel would be difficult for humans to attain and would take a long time to attain.
Arthur Lee Samuel, an American computer scientist, was a pioneer in the fields of computer games, artificial intelligence, and machine learning.
Arthur Rubinstein playing Chopin and Glenn Gould playing Bach – for me, the ultimate in piano music.
Arthur didn't stop talking to Jennifer.
Arthur is one of the students that redid their year.
Arthur is playing the bad guy.
Arthur isn't as happy as Mike.
Arthur just stares at a blank wall for meditation.
Arthur plays the role of the villain.
Arthur was in his early fifties.
Artichoke is easy to chew.
Article 6. The president shall preside at all meetings.
Article III of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights guarantees the right to life to all human beings.
Articles are always what?
Articles bought here will be delivered free of charge.
Artificial Christmas trees are gaining popularity. But for most people, it's just not Christmas if their house doesn't smell like a pine forest.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) is the greatest evidence so far produced by Human Intelligence (HI), of the existence of Transcendental Intelligence (TI).
Artificial Intelligence can now outdo humans in words and graphics.
Artificial Intelligence has its foundations in Mathematics, Engineering, Economics, Psychology, Philosophy, Linguistics, and Neuroscience.
Artificial Intelligence is transforming the world. It's not smart to fight it.
Artificial Intelligence learns a given language by reading countless different examples of well-constructed sentences in that language.
Artificial insemination uses sperm to help in reproduction.
Artificial intelligence can now collect information from social media and the internet to help designers understand what the public likes.
Artificial intelligence cannot beat natural foolishness.
Artificial intelligence cannot beat natural stupidity.
Artificial intelligence doesn't yet exist.
Artificial intelligence has progressed at an astounding pace over the last few years.
Artificial intelligence is a branch of computer science that deals with the mechanics of reasoning and automatic learning.
Artificial intelligence is a broad field encompassing numerous technologies and applications.
Artificial intelligence is changing the world.
Artificial intelligence is conquering the world.
Artificial intelligence is still learning a lot – and will perhaps always have to learn – from its creator, human intelligence, which is a spark of the Universal Mind.
Artificial intelligence is the science and engineering of creating machines capable of performing functions identical to those performed by the brains of animals.
Artificial intelligence is trained on the retarded prose of narcissists and psychopaths.
Artificial intelligence learns quickly and never forgets what it has learned.
Artificial intelligence may end us all.
Artificial intelligence may never stop making mistakes because it is a product of the human mind.
Artificial intelligence that automatically detects threatening behavior at train stations is part of a new trial to improve safety for women traveling at night in Australia.
Artificial intelligence that will surpass human intelligence will be able to go beyond the limitations of the human mind. AI may help humans in space travel, economics, food production, and so forth.
Artificial intelligence threatens to extinguish the jobs of both low-educated and highly-educated people.
Artificial languages are invented languages. Some examples are Esperanto, Lojban, Interlingua, Klingon, Toki Pona, Lingua Franca Nova, Vling, Afrihili, Na'vi, Kotava, Solresol, Quenya, Lingwa de planeta, Fremen, Galach, Pandunia and Novial.
Artificial languages don't interest me.
Artificial leather can't compare with the real thing.
Artificial leather can’t compare with the real thing.
Artificial light is produced by electricity.
Artificial light is produced by means of electricity.
Artificial neural networks can be used to understand biological neural networks, or to solve problems of artificial intelligence, without necessarily creating models of real biological systems.
Artificial tidelands are being developed on a country-wide basis.
Artificial vermilion is also made both in China and in this country from a mixture of sulphur and mercury.
Artiodactyls have an even number of nails.
Artisan John Guertin combines his love of architecture and the environment by creating one-of-a-kind birdhouses and feeders using wood from century-old barns from his home state of Michigan.
Artisans are busy at work in more than a dozen tents demonstrating crafts that reflect Mali's culture, past and present. Mali is famous for its textiles, mat weaving and woodcarving.
Artisans come from different artistic and cultural backgrounds, however, their work is similar in many ways.
Artisans in Mali are hoping that Bogolan, a traditional cotton fabric, will continue to fascinate Western fashion designers and provide jobs at home.
Artisans made flambeaux and chandeliers.
Artist Carol Bastien draws artistic inspiration from the discarded items she collects on the streets of New York City.
Artist Nancy Cohen created a large piece called “Estuary: Moods and Modes.” It is a three dimensional representation of a protected river system in the state of New Jersey. She made the work from handmade yellow, blue and green paper. It extends over the walls and floor of an entire room in the exhibit. The artist says the piece shows how interdependent parts hang in balance.
Artistic genius is an expansion of monkey imitativeness.
Artists are but a figment of the imagination.
Artists are cursed with going through life being judged by people with less fantasy, taste and heart than them.
Artists are highly respected in France.
Artists are very creative people. They always have a lot of ideas.
Artists end up homeless.
Artists from around the world have created fanciful, strange, beautiful and huge sculptures at a beach on Denmark's West coast.
Artists historically have been exposed to toxic substances such as lead paint.
Artists illustrate.
Artists painted the wall in the spring months.
Artists think creatively.
Artists use lies to tell the truth, while politicians use them to cover the truth up.
Arts institutions in the United States are experiencing difficult times due to the faltering U.S. economy.
Artsakh has never belonged to Azerbaijan.
Artsakh is Armenian soil.
Aruba is a Caribbean island.
As "Oz" may interest you, you should read the article "Aspect, time, and associative relations in Australian languages."
As 1789 drew near, the antiquated, poor, barren, teaching of law, fallen into contempt and almost null, offered no sound, accredited doctrine which could impose itself on young minds, fill their empty minds and prevent the intrusion of utopic dreams.
As AI probed the limits of the game they had spent their lives mastering, the world's greatest players did what they could: watched and learned.
As Abraham Lincoln once said, "Assume any unsourced quote is fake."
As Adenauer said in those early days, “European unity was a dream of a few. It became a hope for the many. Today it is a necessity for all of us.”
As Alan Turing predicted in the mid-twentieth century, machines are already competing with humans in many areas of intelligence.
As Albert Einstein’s Theory of General Relativity approaches its centennial year, new challenges abound. Relativity is often at odds with the second pillar of modern physics — quantum mechanics — which focuses on atomic and sub-atomic particles. Does Dr. Ransom think there are many scientists who are still eager to prove the famous theoretical physicist wrong?
As Algeria's population increases, the demand for land increases.
As American women seek a larger role in politics, fairer wages and an end to sexual harassment, the Girl Scouts see an opportune time to show some swagger in promoting their core mission: girl empowerment.
As Americans continue to grapple with the economic downturn from the pandemic, state and city governments are providing funding to train job seekers in high-demand occupations.
As Americans find that their wages are stagnating after the 1970s, they're able to make money by investing in houses,” Hyman says.
As America’s 30th President (1923–1929), Calvin Coolidge demonstrated his determination to preserve the old moral and economic precepts of frugality amid the material prosperity which many Americans were enjoying during the 1920s era.
As Anders said, “We came all this way to explore the Moon, and the most important thing is that we discovered the Earth.”
As Anna approached the June bug, it took off again, circling around her room.
As Anna approached the grasshopper, it hopped onto the windowsill, evading her capture.
As Anna mustered the courage to confront the roach, it darted across the room, eliciting a yelp from her.
As Arabic, Hebrew is written from right to left.
As Arctic temperatures increase, the ice cover retreats more, exposing more ocean to the sun, warming the water, which melts more ice.
As Artificial Intelligence improves as a conversationalist, people will have someone to talk to and not feel lonely.
As Ben Jonson put it, "Speak that I may see thee."
As Beth wiped tears from her face, she rushed home.
As Brazil goes, so will go the rest of the Latin American continent.
As CIA Director, George H. W. Bush oversaw U.S. assistance to Operation Condor, a state terrorism campaign coordinated between six far-right dictatorships in South America.
As COVID-19 sweeps the globe, more and more people are relying on e-commerce to get what they need.
As COVID-19 travel restrictions are lifted, cultural events, like the Intercultural Circus Festival of Abidjan, are returning.
As Capricorns people, we can't help being the best, it's just ingrained in our DNA.
As Capricorns, I must say that we are an alright zodiac sign, we're certainly not the worst of the whole lot, but not the best either.
As Capricorns, we are neither the worst nor the best zodiac sign, we are just in-between.
As Capricorns, we are the rulers of destiny and the rulers of karma.
As Capricorns, we have a competitive spirit and a winning spirit.
As Capricorns, we prefer being seen as quiet people because you don't want to see our full crazy side and you probably won't understand our goofiness.
As Capricorns, we reveal our full goofiness to people who are closest to us and who really deserve to see that special side of us.
As Capricorns, we'll always find a way to get to the top.
As Capricorns, we'll always find a way to rise up to the top and find our way to the highest peak of the ladder.
As Capricorns, we've always had a strong desire to come out on top of everything we undertake.
As Ceylon, it became independent in 1948; its name was changed to Sri Lanka in 1972.
As China develops, more and more countries want to have good relations with it.
As Chinese around the world grieved for the victims of the quake, official news reports indicated that the casualties may now include relief workers.
As Chinese authorities try to get the country back to work without risking another coronavirus outbreak, new official data show that the manufacturing sector plunged by a wider margin than expected.
As Chloe looked at him it occurred to her that he was very handsome; and as this idea had never occurred to her before, she attributed his comeliness to the effects of the bath.
As Christians, we believe that Jesus is God.
As Commander-in-Chief, I’ve seen how the ideology that leads Boko Haram to kidnap schoolgirls, and leads ISIL to enslave and rape women is the same ideology that leads to instability, and violence, and terrorism.
As Daniel was coming home, he saw Amanda and her minions ahead of him.
As Dmitri was running, he heard the scream again.
As Dmitri was talking, the teacher suddenly shushed him.
As Donald Trump said after being reminded that he had called Volodymyr Zelenskyy a dictator, "Did I say that?"
As Donald and Jessica argued, Walid walked up to Rima and slapped her.
As Dorcon ceased speaking, Chloe gave him a farewell kiss, and with this kiss upon his lips he resigned his breath.
As Earth keeps racing ahead and Mars falls behind, there are instances when the two planets form a straight line, with the Sun interposed between them.
As English's Germanic substratum of short words is ameliorated with long Mediterranean loanwords, the Thai language with its short words is ameliorated with long Indic borrowings. Languages often have such vocabulary dichotomies. Japanese native words are longer than the Sinitic borrowings. Borrowed words in these languages often indicate a higher register.
As Esperanto evolves, some of the awkward compound verb forms are being replaced by simpler ones.
As F. Scott Fitzgerald famously noted, the rich are different from you and me.
As Ferreira opens the cardboard boxes, 27 chicks quickly rejoin their cousins on the shoreline. Overall, SANCCOB has rescued nearly 1,400 penguins. With a species that is declining fast, scientists say every chick counts.
As French bombs fell from the sky, countless Kabyle villages were destroyed in Algeria.
As French cultural institutions reopen after months of coronavirus restrictions, a spectacular new museum has made its debut in Paris, housing the contemporary art collection of French billionaire Francois Pinault, including a number of prominent Black artists.
As Fyodor ascended the mountain, the air grew thinner.
As Fyodor swam in the lake, he felt like he was being watched.
As Gateja explains to some people who have came to see his work, the cloth comes from the inner bark of a ficus tree. It is harvested during the wet season and then, in a long process, beaten with different types of wooden mallets to make its texture soft, fine and give it an even terra-cotta color.
As George Bush has amply demonstrated, being president of the U.S. requires only a modicum of intelligence.
As God as my witness Tom, I didn't tell her about the surprise party you're planning.
As God as my witness Tom, I didn’t tell her about the surprise party you’re planning.
As Great Britain becomes aware of the reality of Latin America, we will be closer to a solution.
As He was leaving, Igor heard the door unlock from behind him.
As I am busy, I cannot go.
As I am free all afternoon, I'll let you to set the hour of our meeting.
As I am ill, I will not join you.
As I am not good at math, I hope my parents will allow me to have a private tutor.
As I am off duty today, let's go to the beach.
As I am off duty today, let’s go to the beach.
As I am sick, I will not go with you.
As I approached the door, it opened.
As I began to love myself I freed myself of anything that is no good for my health – food, people, things, situations, and everything that drew me down and away from myself. At first I called this attitude a healthy egoism. Today I know it is “LOVE OF ONESELF”.
As I began to love myself I quit stealing my own time, and I stopped designing huge projects for the future. Today, I only do what brings me joy and happiness, things I love to do and that make my heart cheer, and I do them in my own way and in my own rhythm. Today I call it “SIMPLICITY”.
As I began to love myself I recognized that my mind can disturb me and it can make me sick. But as I connected it to my heart, my mind became a valuable ally. Today I call this connection “WISDOM OF THE HEART”.
As I began to love myself I refused to go on living in the past and worrying about the future. Now, I only live for the moment, where everything is happening. Today I live each day, day by day, and I call it “FULFILLMENT”.
As I began to love myself I stopped craving for a different life, and I could see that everything that surrounded me was inviting me to grow. Today I call it “MATURITY”.
As I began to love myself I understood that at any circumstance, I am in the right place at the right time, and everything happens at the exactly right moment. So I could be calm. Today I call it “SELF-CONFIDENCE”.
As I came into the bedroom, there was blood all over the place.
As I came out again, I cannoned into a little man who was just entering. I drew aside and apologised, when suddenly, with a loud exclamation, he clasped me in his arms and kissed me warmly.
As I can see, you don't have a money shortage.
As I checked your delivery that I received, I found it included a T-shirt which I did not order.
As I closed the door behind me and descended the dripping steps by the light of my lone candle, I seemed to know the way.
As I delved deeper into the book, I found myself completely engrossed in its characters and their journeys.
As I did not have a mechanic with me, or any passengers, I was going to have to make a difficult engine repair on my own.
As I did not know what to do, I asked him for advice.
As I didn't feel well I stayed at home all day.
As I didn't have any breakfast, I am very hungry now.
As I didn't have time to go shopping today, I had to make do with a sandwich for dinner.
As I didn't know his address, I couldn't write to him.
As I didn't want to cut the tree down, I simply built the house round it.
As I didn’t have any breakfast, I am very hungry now.
As I didn’t have time to go shopping today, I had to make do with a sandwich for dinner.
As I didn’t know his address, I couldn’t write to him.
As I do not have enough money, I will have to do without a new coat this winter.
As I do not yet completely understand the affair, I forbear to judge of it; for it is altogether extraordinary.
As I don't have a washing machine at home, I have to go to the launderette to do my washing.
As I don't have the money, it'll just be a short trip.
As I don't have the software that matches the attachment, I cannot open the file. Please resend it in another format.
As I don’t have the money, it’ll just be a short trip.
As I don’t have the software that matches the attachment, I cannot open the file. Please resend it in another format.
As I entered a tearoom, I found two young men watching a wrestling match on television.
As I entered my garden today about noon, I espied a little boy among my pomegranates and myrtles, some of which he had gathered; and he was holding them in his hands.
As I entered the bar, I heard a sad song playing on the jukebox.
As I entered the cafÃ©, I found two young men watching a wrestling match on television.
As I entered the café, I found two young men watching a wrestling match on television.
As I entered the coffee bar, I found two young men watching a wrestling match on television.
As I entered the coffee shop, I found two young men watching a wrestling match on television.
As I entered the coffeehouse, I found two young men watching a wrestling match on television.
As I entered the hospital, I noticed many people in neck braces, slings, and bandages.
As I entered the room, they applauded.
As I entered the tearoom I found two young men watching a wrestling match on television.
As I expected, she phoned.
As I explained yesterday, I won't be doing that.
As I felt cold, I put on my overcoat.
As I finish reading a score, I open the next one.
As I found out later, the man who showed up on my doorstep asking for help was speaking Quechua.
As I glanced at the street there was somebody looking down at me in the middle of those walking past each other.
As I glanced up from reading this enigmatic message, I saw Holmes chuckling at the expression upon my face.
As I got older I made model ships.
As I got the train this morning, I met an old friend of mine.
As I got the train, I didn't think I wouldn't return any more.
As I grew older, my health declined.
As I grew older, my perspective shifted.
As I grew, I realized that a $300 watch and a $3,000,000 watch give the same time.
As I had met him before, I recognized him at once.
As I had seen him before.
As I handed her a plate of sandwiches she smiled up at me.
As I happened to be in the neighborhood, I went and paid him compliments.
As I have learned English and French at school, it hasn't been hard for me to understand some words in Esperanto, even without having learned them.
As I have loved you, love one another.
As I have mentioned somewhere in these incoherent memoirs, the outbursts of passionate energy when he performed the remarkable feats with which his name is associated were followed by reactions of lethargy during which he would lie about with his violin and his books, hardly moving save from the sofa to the table.
As I have walked all the day, I am very tired.
As I hear the birds chirp away in the background, I take a sip of my freshly-brewed coffee.
As I heard the story secondhand, I can't ascertain the truth of it.
As I heard the story secondhand, I can’t ascertain the truth of it.
As I heard the waves rushing along the side of the ship, and roaring in my very ear, it seemed as if Death were raging around this floating prison, seeking for his prey.
As I hovered over my dead body, I knew that I was now a ghost.
As I know he is a fearful person.
As I know he went home.
As I lay down to sleep, the ceiling lights were unexpectedly bright.
As I left the brothel, I was embarrassed to be seen by my friends.
As I left the house, I remembered the key.
As I left the railway station, I saw a man.
As I look into your eyes, I realize that I can't imagine a life without you by my side.
As I look up to the stars, I can still see the faint light of the planet where I was born.
As I looked across the bleak landscape, I realized I would never find what I was looking for.
As I looked around, I noticed everybody else was already writing.
As I looked from their windows at the interminable granite-flecked moor rolling unbroken to the farthest horizon I could not but marvel at what could have brought this highly educated man and this beautiful woman to live in such a place.
As I looked upon the little gate in the mighty wall, I felt that beyond it lay a dream-country from which, once it was entered, there would be no return.
As I looked, I suddenly became aware that a face was watching me out of one of the upper windows.
As I lost so much, I finally started to find myself.
As I love her, so she loved me.
As I made my way home, my heart couldn't stop racing.
As I make my coffee, anxiety assails me, because I think about tomorrow.
As I mastered English, I could say more things and understand their conversations better.
As I mentioned before, I am from Algeria.
As I mentioned last week, I'll be spending the summer in Boston.
As I milk, the cat churns.
As I missed the train, I had to wait for the next one for about an hour.
As I must confess to my shame, I lied.
As I opened the door without knocking, she lost her temper.
As I opened the door, there stood an unknown man.
As I passed the construction site, I could hear hammers clanking on metal.
As I promised in issue 12 of "Esperantisto" 1893, I'll now begin a systematic analysis of our entire language.
As I ran down the passage, my sister's door was unlocked, and revolved slowly upon its hinges.
As I reached the station, I got off the bus.
As I reached the station, the express was just drawing in.
As I read the letter, a storm broke out in my heart.
As I read through the letters, I realized that the Pope was the true culprit.
As I recall, Tom was the one who did that.
As I recall, Tom's house is a little farther in from the main road.
As I recall, he was Canadian.
As I recall, you did most of the talking.
As I recall, you did that very well.
As I recall, you disagreed.
As I recall, you were the one who fired the first shot.
As I returned from school yesterday, I was caught in a sudden shower.
As I rowed out into the river, the clearness of the water astounded me.
As I said before.
As I said earlier, I don't plan to say anything.
As I said earlier, I won't be here tomorrow.
As I said the job position is still open.
As I said the last time, Wednesday was the 22nd anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall.
As I said, it might not work for everyone.
As I said, no problem.
As I said, there is no problem.
As I said, we have a problem.
As I sat and played the dutar, I thought of you.
As I see it, that is the best way.
As I see it, that's the best way.
As I slid across the wet pavement, my head ricocheted off the curb.
As I stepped out of the bank, I banged my head against the glass door. I hate transparent doors.
As I stepped outside, the air felt clammy.
As I stood alone in that deserted place, I realized that the darkness had eroded my confidence, hands shaking violently.
As I stood there, imagine my surprise, Mr. Holmes, when the door suddenly opened and my wife walked out.
As I stood upon the bluff before my cottage on that clear cold night in the early part of March, 1886, the noble Hudson flowing like the grey and silent spectre of a dead river below me, I felt again the strange, compelling influence of the mighty god of war, my beloved Mars, which for ten long and lonesome years I had implored with outstretched arms to carry me back to my lost love.
As I thought would happen, she was late again.
As I thought, Catherine is a beautiful girl after all.
As I thought, he's a virgin!
As I thought, it seems to have been an impolite question.
As I thought, she's a virgin!
As I thought, she’s a virgin!
As I told you before, I can't do that.
As I told you before, I can't help you do that.
As I told you before, I can't understand French.
As I told you before, I don't know how to do that.
As I told you before, I don't plan on doing that.
As I told you before, I don't plan to be at this afternoon's meeting.
As I told you before, I don't plan to do that.
As I told you before, I don't want to do that with you.
As I told you before, I don't want to do that.
As I told you before, I had no choice.
As I told you before, I have no choice.
As I told you before, I'm going to do that tomorrow.
As I told you before, I'm just doing my job.
As I told you before, I'm never going to do that.
As I told you before, Tom can't be trusted.
As I told you before, you have to do that by yourself.
As I told you before, you need to do that by yourself.
As I told you earlier, I can't help you.
As I told you earlier, he's not here.
As I told you yesterday, I won't be doing that.
As I told you, Tom is dying.
As I tried, I found it simple.
As I turned a corner, he did the same, confirming my suspicion.
As I turned away I saw Holmes, with his back against a rock and his arms folded, gazing down at the rush of the waters.
As I turned the handle of the crankshaft, the old tractor sputtered to life.
As I walk in the streets of Petersburgh, I feel a cold northern breeze play upon my cheeks, which braces my nerves, and fills me with delight.
As I walked down Vere Street a brick came down from the roof of one of the houses, and was shattered to fragments at my feet.
As I walked through the narrow streets of my hometown — which I hadn't visited for years — many people gave me quizzacious stares, as if they wanted to just burst out and laugh at me — then again, I am a clown, after all.
As I walked, I read a book.
As I was about to leave the house, I received a phone call from Tom.
As I was about to leave, it began raining.
As I was about to leave, it began to rain.
As I was about to leave, it started raining.
As I was about to leave, it started to rain.
As I was at a loss what to do, I asked my teacher for advice.
As I was eating lunch, Kichiya came to me and, while she was serving my meal, she was toying happily with her ring set with a gleaming jewel.
As I was free after a long interval yesterday, I enjoyed playing tennis with my friends.
As I was frightened by the strange sound, I jumped up.
As I was going up the stair // I met a man who wasn't there // He wasn't there again today // I wish that man would go away.
As I was having lunch, the phone rang.
As I was ill, I couldn't go to the meeting.
As I was ill, I couldn’t go to the meeting.
As I was ill, I didn't go to school.
As I was ill, I didn't go.
As I was in a hurry, I had to take a taxi.
As I was just walking out the door, I felt a sudden gust of wind.
As I was late, I took a bus.
As I was leaving the house, Tom called.
As I was passing by them, my legs froze in place.
As I was reading, I became more interested.
As I was saying, I won't do anything.
As I was saying, before I was rudely interrupted, there's no reason to doubt me.
As I was sick, I did not go to school.
As I was sleepy, I went to bed.
As I was speaking, Mother came up.
As I was struck on the head, I was unconscious for some time.
As I was taking leave of my friend, he said he would be glad to see me again before long.
As I was tired, I had a snooze.
As I was tired, I took a rest.
As I was tired, I went home.
As I was tired, I went to bed.
As I was waking up, I saw a burglar in my room.
As I was walking around here in the whereabouts, I decided to say a little hello to the locals and to break in for a personal visit to some of them.
As I was walking, it began to rain.
As I was watching and listening to that conceited guy, Tom, or whatever he was called, I was feeling sorry about her wife.
As I was wearing shorts, I was not allowed to enter.
As I wasn't invited, I'll stay at home.
As I went to pay with credit, they seemed to make a displeased face.
As I will not be a slave, so I will not be a master.
As I will take a vacation anyways, I would prefer to take my vacation in full immediately so that I can have sufficient time to visit all the capitals of Europe.
As I wrote above, the book arrived in defective condition.
As I'm an Algerian Muslim, why should I hate all people that don't believe like me?
As I'm ill, I won't go with you.
As I'm not good at swimming, I avoid swimming out of my depth.
As I'm sensitive to heat, I can't live comfortably without air-conditioning in summer.
As I'm sick, I won't go with you.
As I'm very busy, don't count on me.
As I've already mentioned before, after a rigorous investigation, we have found nothing wrong with our company's management.
As I've got no cash, can I pay by check?
As I've gotten older, my opinions on many things have changed.
As I've just explained, Tom won't be going to Boston.
As I've just told you, I won't doing that.
As Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte extended Italy’s lockdown until May 3, a special online exhibition of the Shroud of Turin is taking place on Holy Saturday to allow the faithful to pray for an end to the coronavirus pandemic.
As I’m not good at swimming, I avoid swimming out of my depth.
As I’m sensitive to heat, I can’t live comfortably without air-conditioning in summer.
As I’m very busy, don’t count on me.
As I’ve got no cash, can I pay by check?
As I’ve said before, these lone actors or small cells of terrorists are very hard to detect and very hard to prevent. But across our government, at every level -- federal, state and local, military and civilian -- we are doing everything in our power to stop these kinds of attacks.
As Jack the Ripper would say, let's go by parts.
As James played, Amanda could feel the music filling her up all the way to the top.
As January 1st people, we are so easy to spot out in any crowd of people because we are so many and we are everywhere you look.
As Japan approaches the 21st century, she is learning from Europe and making a necessary shift of economic focus from production for export to providing for the unprecedented needs of an aging population.
As Jesus passed along the Sea of Galilee, he saw Simon and his brother Andrew casting a net into the lake.
As John Stevens entered the well-warmed and cosy building, a few minutes before the meeting was called to order, his eye involuntarily became brighter in sympathy with the merry confusion and bustle which he witnessed all around him.
As John grew up, he became stronger.
As Jonas banged, the door pushed open.
As Justice Louis Brandeis wrote, "sunlight is said to be the best of disinfectants."
As Lajos opened the door, Olivia ran inside.
As Lincoln said to a nation far more divided than ours, we are not enemies but friends.
As Lincoln said to a nation far more divided than ours, we are not enemies but friends. Though passion may have strained, it must not break our bonds of affection.
As Luisa was burning the letters of her unfaithful lover, a squirrel came in through the window and jumped on her shoulder.
As Magyarization grew stricter, Slovak nationalism continued to blossom.
As Martine courtesied her thanks for this compliment, she backed gracefully, and neither she nor Brenda realized that she was approaching too near a table of bric-à-brac, until it toppled over with a crash.
As Mary entered the joiner's workshop, the goblin became invisible.
As Mary liked to put it, Tom was, at times, criminally insane.
As Matthew grew older, he began to pass down his love of cooking to his own children, using the same cookbook his grandmother had given him.
As Mennad was leaning against the table, it collapsed.
As Meva's parents, we visited Dresden to celebrate her twentieth birthday. We took the opportunity to explore this beautiful city.
As Michael Jackson said in the Book of Exodus, "Anachronisms are fun."
As Miroslav ran through the woods, branches whipped against his face, leaving welts and scratches. Pushing himself to the limit and refusing to succumb to exhaustion.
As North Korea displays aggression, South Korea concentrates its forces near the border.
As Pat and Ray motor through the canals of Holland, Belgium, and France, then sail to Italy, Greece, Turkey, and Spain, they find beauty and danger, towering locks, salty characters, peaceful anchorages, treacherous winds-and even a forest fire.
As Paul says, it is really perfectly gratuitous ("es ist im grunde reine willkur") to call the case we have in German (and Old English) a dative, for besides the functions of the dative it fulfils the functions of the old locative, ablative, and instrumental.
As Phil Pfister's 24-hour shift at Firestation 2 comes to a close, he switches his mind set from fire fighter, to strongman. Three years ago, the brawny, blue eyed, blond entered a strongman weight-lifting competition. He easily won and never looked back.
As President of the United States, I know that for most of human history, power has not been unipolar. The end of the Cold War may have led too many to forget this truth.
As Ralph Waldo Emerson puts it, "language is fossil poetry".
As Rima admired herself in the mirror wearing her Kabyle dress, she couldn't help but feel a deep sense of pride.
As Robert was about to leave, Sandra held his hand.
As Robert was reading, he would occasionally look at Sandra.
As Rodrigo bent down for a closer look, the centipede scurried under a nearby bookshelf.
As Rodrigo carefully positioned the jar over the centipede, it darted away, evading capture.
As Russia and the U.S. make small steps towards easing international tensions, both sides will have many surplus missiles.
As Sadako grew weaker, she thought more about death.
As Sami drove, he wept.
As Sami grew older, he became interested in Islam.
As San Andrés said: he who has a stupid face is stupid.
As Santiago was trying to figure out how to use that gun, he accidentally shot himself.
As Sasha got older, though, she says her interest in jazz faded.
As Saturn orbits the Sun, though, our view of its rings changes.
As Season 2 started, Dima decided that he needed a new look, and - reaching into the pocket of his Armani - pulled out a pair of supercool shades.
As Secretary General of the United Nations, I commend Algeria for its achievements and contributions to regional and global affairs.
As Sir Henry and I sat at breakfast the sunlight flooded in through the high mullioned windows, throwing watery patches of colour from the coats-of-arms which covered them.
As Tom and I were having lunch, the phone rang.
As Tom and John walked off the basketball court, Tom turned to John and said, "Good game."
As Tom and Mary approached the station, they saw their train pull out.
As Tom and Mary spent time together, they began to get to know each other better.
As Tom and Mary were doing that, it began to rain.
As Tom and Mary's one-year dating anniversary passed, Tom's mother began to be cautiously optimistic that a wedding might soon be in the offing.
As Tom is honest, I like him.
As Tom isn't very demonstrative, it's hard to tell how he feels about my good news.
As Tom lay dreaming on the meadow one clear night, seeing a shooting star streak high above him across the sky he wished dearly that Mary would return his love.
As Tom raced down the field, the crowd shouted, "Go, Tom! Go!"
As Tom ran across the finish line, everyone cheered.
As Tom rowed the leaky boat, Mary bailed.
As Tom said, this soup is too salty.
As Tom said, we'll be there.
As Tom sang, tears ran down his cheeks.
As Tom sat down, he bumped the table and his coffee spilled onto the tablecloth.
As Tom started to pull the trigger, he realized he was about to shoot his own father.
As Tom started to walk across the street, a truck ran the red light and almost hit him.
As Tom told me, Esperanto has two enemies, ignorance and prejudice.
As Tom tried to tell you, you're not allowed in here.
As Tom was about to reply, the door opened, and Mary rushed in.
As Tom was doing that, it began to rain.
As Tom was out of gas, he arrived too late for the meeting.
As U.S. astronaut Scott Kelly levitated gently in the middle of a room with walls covered in equipment, cables, scientific instruments and several high-end cameras, he talked about his life on board the International Space Station and the prospects of much longer space missions.
As Venus is a hot, oven-like place on its planetary surface, futurists envision floating cities amongst the clouds there.
As Victor Hugo said, "there is nothing in the world more powerful than an idea whose time has arrived."
As Yan Yuan pointed out, "proper moral cultivation could begin from any point on the moral map, not just the mean position".
As Yanni grew more confident, he got careless.
As Yoda's old dictum goes, "Do or do not. There is no try."
As Yolanda entered the conference dressed as a clown, everyone fixed their gaze on her.
As Yuri was leaving the cafe, he suddenly noticed Martha standing by his car.
As Ziri and Rima got older, their rivalry intensified.
As Ziri got closer to the body, the smell hit him.
As Ziri got on stage, he was so nervous.
As Ziri grew older, he became more comfortable with his skin condition.
As Ziri ran out of the classroom, he bumped into someone and fell to the floor.
As Ziri reached for the ignition, Rima stopped him.
As Ziri started to walk, the wind picked up.
As Ziri touched Rima, she jumped back.
As Ziri was about to lock the door, he heard Rima's voice.
As Ziri was dancing away with his friends, Rima went through his cellphone.
As Ziri's eyes adjusted to the dark, he could see the silhouette of a woman standing in the corner.
As a Berber, I'm proud of my language.
As a Christian woman, when I go to the Muslim neighborhood, I feel much safer.
As a Christian woman, when I visit Muslim villages, I feel much safer and respected.
As a Christian, you may not be interested in scientific matters, as they may go against your beliefs. I opine that the Buddhist stance is different from yours.
As a Christmas present, he bought her the book "Alice in Wonderland."
As a Filipino child, once I knew the fundamentals of Tagalog orthography, I could then spell any Tagalog word from just the sound. Learning English in tandem, I thought that it was cumbersome to be obliged to memorize the spelling of each word, as English spelling was not phonemic, unlike Tagalog.
As a Filipino, I know that English is not very pronounceable to many Filipinos. Anglophones think that English is easy to pronounce, which is not true. It is full of twisted consonantal clusters, shady vowels, and unsimple diphthongizations. Their unsimple tongue makes them incapable of pronouncing Spanish "jalapeño" and Japanese "karaoke" et cetera.
As a Filipino, I revel in the words "From Peru to Cebu / Feel the power of Babylon" in Enya's song "Orinoco Flow."
As a German tourist abroad, you ask yourself whether you should behave, or whether other German tourists have already been.
As a Hungarian, why did you start learning Danish?
As a Hungarian, why did you start learning Dutch?
As a Hungarian, why did you start learning Norwegian?
As a Hungarian, why did you start learning Swedish?
As a Kabyle from Algeria, I don't like bullshit.
As a Muslim man who grew up post-9/11, I'm all too familiar with the way in which Arabic words can be twisted, can be distorted, can be used to justify any kind of meaning.
As a Muslim woman, she's very proud of her religion.
As a Muslim, I always try to be a good representative of Islam.
As a Muslim, I always try to be good to my parents.
As a Muslim, I believe in the hereafter.
As a Muslim, I believe in the oneness of God.
As a Muslim, I can't abandon my family even if they're not Muslim.
As a Muslim, I care about my family.
As a Muslim, I feel I have a true connection with God.
As a Muslim, I find this ridiculous.
As a Muslim, I have my own opinions.
As a Muslim, I have to pray five times a day.
As a Muslim, I love Jesus and I love to talk about him.
As a Muslim, I'm totally against that.
As a Muslim, I'm trying to practice my faith and be a good citizen.
As a Muslim, Sami felt very isolated.
As a Muslim, Yanni has to pray several times a day.
As a Muslim, my life has a purpose.
As a Muslim, you have to believe in the Quran.
As a Russian, I can confirm this.
As a Russian, Ziri is now facing more discrimination than ever.
As a Turkish citizen, I do not accept Islam.
As a U.S. representative, Joseph Rainey championed civil rights, education and economic opportunity for all.
As a beginning I would like to examine the catalyzer used in this experiment.
As a boy I used to lie on my back and look at white clouds.
As a boy I used to lie on my back on the grass and look at the white clouds.
As a boy he was tipped for greatness in adult life, now he is tipped for serving guests in a restaurant.
As a boy, Franklin dreamed of moving to the United States to become an astronaut.
As a boy, I always used to get up early.
As a boy, I learned that age is relative when I learned that an extraterrestrial Vulcan in the television show Star Trek could be 200 years old.
As a boy, I spent several years in Indonesia and heard the call of the azaan at the break of dawn and the fall of dusk.
As a boy, I used to go fishing.
As a boy, I used to lie on my back on the grass and look at white clouds.
As a boy, I used to swim in the pond.
As a boy, he would go to the seaside every summer.
As a businessman he is far above me.
As a celebration, I wonder if I should cook red rice or something?
As a chef, Matthew knew that garlic powder could add flavor to any dish.
As a child I didn't suspect that the real monsters were all humans.
As a child I felt different and as an adult I feel different from everyone else.
As a child I learned lots of poems by heart.
As a child I often went fishing with my father.
As a child I wanted to be a doctor, but now I would like to be a translator or interpreter.
As a child I wanted to be an engineer, but now I want to be a translator or an interpreter.
As a child I wanted to become a scientist, but now I'm studying International Trade.
As a child I was always very excited the day before a school trip and couldn't sleep.
As a child I would like to learn Chinese, but now I am learning English.
As a child I would love to learn Japanese, but now I am learning English and French.
As a child Tom was headstrong and grounded frequently for disobeying his parents.
As a child he dealt with development challenges that left him socially awkward.
As a child in the Philippines, I played around with mahjong tiles. On the cool white marble floor of the living room, I would make a labyrinth or temple out of the green and white game pieces. One time, I caught a black weevil, and I made it go through the maze.
As a child, Bob lived in Boston.
As a child, Claude preferred to occupy himself with grammar books than to play with his friends.
As a child, Einstein was late in learning to talk.
As a child, I always considered the tender to be the most fascinating part of a steam train.
As a child, I couldn't eat fish.
As a child, I had a terror of height. Now, I am an industrial alpinist.
As a child, I had an Evel Knievel toy.
As a child, I hardly ever lost my belongings.
As a child, I liked baseball better than football.
As a child, I liked catching fireflies and putting them inside a jar.
As a child, I loved Barbie.
As a child, I loved picking peaches in my grandfather's garden.
As a child, I objected strongly to Nurse Wilks: and now, grown to riper years, the thought of meeting her again gives me the heeby-jeebies.
As a child, I preferred basketball to playing football.
As a child, I preferred basketball to playing soccer.
As a child, I read about Richie Rich of Harvey Comics. The character was supposed to be the world's richest kid. The skits were really funny.
As a child, I spent a lot of time playing on our rooftop terrace.
As a child, I spent time with my family in a Philippine bamboo cabin on stilts amidst a lake. We tried fishing.
As a child, I used to destroy everything within my reach if I was angry.
As a child, I wanted to be a train driver.
As a child, I was afraid of the dark.
As a child, I was always bitten by mosquitoes.
As a child, I was chubby.
As a child, I was made fun of and nicknamed a "tarsier".
As a child, I was shocked when I saw images of the victims of Hiroshima and Nagasaki back in the 1980s.
As a child, I was teased by being called "four-eyes".
As a child, I was teased for wearing glasses.
As a child, I’d only wear trousers.
As a child, Mary particularly hated clowns and apes. To this day, in fact, that has not changed one bit.
As a child, Mary read a lot of books.
As a child, Tom always intentionally ignored his parents' orders and prohibitions.
As a child, Tom dreamt of becoming a vet.
As a child, Tom dreamt of becoming a world famous author.
As a child, Tom dreamt of being a vet.
As a child, Tom knew more about manufacturing than most without ever stepping foot in a factory.
As a child, Tom wanted to be a teacher but he has become a scientist in the end.
As a child, Tom would gnaw on the crust on a loaf of bread while walking home from the store.
As a child, Van Horne collected fossils.
As a child, he loved to swim.
As a child, he went to Paris three times.
As a child, my daughter had frequent asthma attacks.
As a child, my mother often read me stories.
As a child, when I was sleepless mother sung me lullabies, and my grandma told me stories through the night, to shut my eyes.
As a child, you should read a lot of books.
As a citizen of the world, I know ways of overcoming cultural barriers.
As a commuter, it can be difficult to make friends with the other students, who are mostly boarders.
As a consequence of its fun factor, Tatoeba contains random bits of factual information.
As a consequence of overwork, he became ill.
As a consequence, additional tests must be carried out to ensure complete security.
As a conspiracy theorist, Tom is always in a certain amount of danger.
As a construction worker, Carlos wears a hard hat and steel-toed boots.
As a consumer of mental health services, I have the right to make an informed choice as to the best care for me.
As a cook he is in a class by himself.
As a country whose manufacturing capability is largely limited to garments, Cambodia relies heavily on imported products to support the lifestyle of its growing population.
As a courtesy, Tom ran the first draft of his speech past his boss.
As a dad, it's kind of exciting to see that your son follows what you believe in so strongly.
As a data entry worker, Carlos is responsible for inputting information into the computer system.
As a demiboy, I'm personally fine with using male infrastructure in a binary society, but I don't want to be boxed into what society thinks being a boy means. I also wouldn't mind at all if gender roles were to be destroyed.
As a detective, his flair had been extraordinary, and he had achieved triumphs by unravelling some of the most baffling cases of the day.
As a devoted father, Bele escorts his son to school every day.
As a disinterested third-party, I can declare that she secretly loves him.
As a do-it-yourselfer, he made a doghouse.
As a dominant, I need aftercare after some scenes.
As a factory worker, Carlos operates heavy machinery.
As a farm worker, Carlos spends his days planting and harvesting crops.
As a father he must pay for his daughter's education.
As a father of two sons, it's nice to see that my sons like to do the same things as I do.
As a father, it's my duty to show Vladimir the right things to do.
As a favor to you, I'll stay and help.
As a final touch, sprinkle some chocolate chips on top of the cookies.
As a first-aider, Tom is morally obligated to perform CPR on someone who's had a heart attack.
As a food service worker, Carlos is responsible for preparing and serving meals.
As a foreigner living in Algeria, I can testify to this.
As a foreigner, I'm often mistaken.
As a general rule, it's simple to criticize, but difficult to produce alternative suggestions.
As a general rule, it’s simple to criticize, but difficult to produce alternative suggestions.
As a general rule, one should not whittle sticks in the dark.
As a general rule, the pension amount is based on price changes in the previous year.
As a girl, Elisa loved to play nurse with her dolls.
As a girl, Mary was certain that money was the root of all human evil. Despite that, not long after turning forty, she ended up becoming the chief executive of a multinational.
As a good soldier, I always obey the orders of my superiors.
As a great example of how transphobia intersects with racism, look at the accusations by American right-wingers that Michelle Obama is a trans woman.
As a heterosexual male I feel a deep interest in the female body.
As a hobby I listen to music.
As a hobby, I like to travel places I have never been to before both inside and outside of the country.
As a human cannot really howl like a wolf or chirp like a bird, if there were aliens, it would be unlikely that a human could speak the alien language, as the organ for speech or communication would be different, as a bird's beak is to a human mouth. There are science fiction shows that depict different alien humanoid races from different worlds, and they could interbreed, because maybe these shows assume that there was a common ancient humanoid colonization that resulted in different evolutions on different worlds. Possibly then, in such a scenario, different humanoids could speak one another's language.
As a janitorial worker, Carlos keeps the office clean and tidy.
As a journalist, I would like to work for an independent television station.
As a journalist, Mary has a press pass.
As a journalist, Mary's got a press pass.
As a kid I usually played baseball after school.
As a kid I was possessed by a ghost.
As a kid, I could sleep anywhere.
As a kid, I could sleep wherever I wanted.
As a kid, I used to love browsing the J.C. Penney catalog, but as a college student, browsing the course catalog each semester is just as fun.
As a kid, I was never bored in the holidays.
As a kid, I was often overdressed in winter.
As a kid, I was supposed to have my own laboratory in barn, but our family did not buy the old farm.
As a kid, Lorenzo did a lot of stupid things.
As a kid, Tom dreamt of being a vet.
As a kid, Tom got sick a lot.
As a kid, Yuri got sick a lot.
As a kid, Ziri was really shy and had a hard time making friends.
As a kid, he only wore long pants.
As a kid, he was very short.
As a lark, Tom bought Mary a plastic-grass hula skirt and a coconut-shell bra, momentarily forgetting that her opportunities to wear this colourful get-up would be somewhat limited.
As a last precaution, I put a flashlight into my pack.
As a last resort, read the instructions.
As a last resort, we can get Tom to help us.
As a last resort, we can stay at my sister's.
As a last resort, you can use a backup token.
As a lawyer, he wasn't particularly successful.
As a lifelong non-smoker, I firmly support the new cigarette tax.
As a light goes out, so a man dies.
As a linguist, I've spent years studying the Berber language.
As a little child you used to trample on my apron, but one day I fear you will trample on my heart.
As a little girl, I’d played all over the building—even up in the balcony and in the choir loft.
As a lower-set singer, I find myself doing most songs the octave down.
As a magician, Mark knew the importance of having more than one trick up his sleeve.
As a maintenance worker, Carlos is responsible for keeping the building in good condition.
As a male bound by tradition, he would perceive crying as a sign of weakness.
As a man lives, so shall he die.
As a man sows, so he shall reap.
As a man, no a human being, you're the pits!
As a man, no a human being, you’re the pits!
As a mark of respect, the flag was lowered to half mast.
As a married man, he must think of the future.
As a matter as fact, he did it for himself.
As a matter of course you must go there yourself.
As a matter of course, he is quite right.
As a matter of course, she passed the examination.
As a matter of course, you must go there yourself.
As a matter of fact, God wants man to disobey. To disobey is to seek.
As a matter of fact, I did it.
As a matter of fact, I did that.
As a matter of fact, I dislike Tom.
As a matter of fact, I dislike him.
As a matter of fact, I do speak French.
As a matter of fact, I do speak Spanish.
As a matter of fact, I don't know anything about Tom.
As a matter of fact, I don't like Tom.
As a matter of fact, I don't like her.
As a matter of fact, I don't like him.
As a matter of fact, I don't like it.
As a matter of fact, I have had nothing since this morning.
As a matter of fact, I have three.
As a matter of fact, I haven't eaten anything since this morning.
As a matter of fact, I haven’t eaten anything since this morning.
As a matter of fact, I know nothing about Tom.
As a matter of fact, I know nothing about him.
As a matter of fact, I know nothing about it.
As a matter of fact, I love him very much.
As a matter of fact, I really enjoy doing that.
As a matter of fact, I really enjoyed doing that.
As a matter of fact, I really like this.
As a matter of fact, I take little notice of girls.
As a matter of fact, I think he's a nice guy.
As a matter of fact, I think he’s a nice guy.
As a matter of fact, I won the trip to Hawaii as a prize.
As a matter of fact, I've gotten back with my old boyfriend.
As a matter of fact, I've never seen it.
As a matter of fact, I've only just arrived myself.
As a matter of fact, I’ve never seen it.
As a matter of fact, I’ve only just arrived myself.
As a matter of fact, Mary did that by herself.
As a matter of fact, Mary didn't do that by herself.
As a matter of fact, Tom and Mary did that by themselves.
As a matter of fact, Tom and Mary didn't do that by themselves.
As a matter of fact, Tom can't do that.
As a matter of fact, Tom did do that.
As a matter of fact, Tom did that by himself.
As a matter of fact, Tom didn't do that by himself.
As a matter of fact, Ziri had known what Rima was hiding in that room right from the start.
As a matter of fact, all great discoverers have been regarded as dreamers.
As a matter of fact, at Tatoeba there are no foreigners, as Tatoeba is accessible to all countries.
As a matter of fact, bankruptcy is inevitable.
As a matter of fact, he did it by himself.
As a matter of fact, he did just catch that bird in midair with his teeth.
As a matter of fact, he doesn't agree with me.
As a matter of fact, he doesn’t agree with me.
As a matter of fact, he is a man of faith.
As a matter of fact, he knows nothing about it.
As a matter of fact, he knows very little of the matter.
As a matter of fact, he was convinced.
As a matter of fact, he's going to the States.
As a matter of fact, he’s going to the states.
As a matter of fact, his lecture was boring.
As a matter of fact, it is true.
As a matter of fact, it was felt best to forgo the inclusion in the list not only of all organizations but also of those of their members whose representation in this place might conceivably be misconstrued as involving more than their personal points of view.
As a matter of fact, it wasn't raining this morning when I woke up.
As a matter of fact, she is my sister.
As a matter of fact, that's what happened.
As a matter of fact, that's what we did.
As a matter of fact, that's why we did it.
As a matter of fact, the owner of this restaurant is a friend of mine.
As a matter of fact, you are absolutely right.
As a mayor, I've brought prosperity to our village.
As a means to pass the time on his long journeys, Christopher Columbus once made a sentence with an infinite number of words.
As a measure to prevent another period of inflation, our government has jacked up interest rates.
As a medical man, you are aware, Watson, that there is no part of the body which varies so much as the human ear.
As a member of the Brazilian Black Front, Abdias do Nascimento fought against racial segregation in São Paulo in the 1930s.
As a mercenary, did you participate in torture sessions?
As a moon orbits, its gravity pulls on the planet, causing a temporary bulge in the planet as it passes.
As a nation, we may take pride in the fact that we are soft-hearted; but we cannot afford to be soft-headed.
As a nationalist feeling, real Japanese think that the heart of their language is the phonemic Kana, not the logographic Kanji.
As a native English speaker, it was hard for Tom to learn to fully pronounce each vowel in a word.
As a new father, I gave my first child plenty of books.
As a new graduate with no work experience, Tom was wet behind the ears when he started his first job.
As a new year dawns, people turn to new projects and plans.
As a news consumer, you must know yourself. Do you have opinions or beliefs that could influence your judgment?
As a parent I was in a truly pitiable state.
As a park ranger, Ziri makes sure that the park is safe.
As a part of this, the institute will also provide free training in Bangladesh.
As a pensioner, I'm my own boss now, finally.
As a people pleaser, Rodrigo often sacrifices his own happiness to make others happy.
As a permanent resident in Canada, Mary enjoyed the protection of Canadian law, but she would not be allowed to vote until she became a naturalized citizen.
As a personal rule, I try not to handle any money on a Monday.
As a phisher, Carl preyed on older and less tech-savvy computer users.
As a photographer, Ziri was taking advantage of the beauty that nature has to offer.
As a physiotherapist, Mary leads a group for spinal exercises.
As a pianist, Tom is much better than I am.
As a pianist, he is far above me.
As a pianist, he's much better than I am.
As a poet, he flowered in his twenties.
As a point of departure, let me recap what we did last week.
As a politician, he makes utmost use of his acting ability.
As a poor student, I used to listen to the records which I had managed to get until they wore out.
As a practitioner of craniosacral therapy, Tom is often denounced as a charlatan.
As a prank, Tom let the air out of Mary's tires.
As a prank, some students let three goats loose inside their school after painting the numbers 1, 2 and 4 on the sides of the goats. The teachers spent most of the day looking for goat number 3.
As a precaution against infection, please put on the face mask provided to you.
As a precaution, Cameroon banned the import of chicks and hatching eggs from Europe.
As a precaution, members of Parliament were spaced widely apart during the debate in Berlin's Reichstag building for the session.
As a president, Bush Junior was an asshole and millions of Americans bought into his assholy lies.
As a professional cryptozoologist, I have collected Sasquatch droppings, mapped a nest of Chupacabras, and tracked sea serpents across the Indian Ocean.
As a proud new father, I gave my first child plenty of books.
As a public official you have sworn an oath to uphold and defend the constitution.
As a punishment, the disgraced Greenpeace volunteer had to scrub oil from an otter's fur with his own toothbrush.
As a punishment, the disgraced Greenpeace volunteer had to scrub oil from an otter’s fur with his own toothbrush.
As a punishment, you will receive fifty lashes.
As a punishment, you'll go to bed without dinner.
As a researcher and cardiologist, Dr. Christopher M. O'Connor, of the Duke University Medical Center in North Carolina, has seen studies of new-drug effectiveness that seemed to have different results in different countries. So he combined the results from several studies investigating the effectiveness of drugs called beta blockers for patients with heart failure.
As a result of Israel's military strikes on Iran, many Iranian military and nuclear facilities were hit, and some military and civilian officials were killed.
As a result of a traffic accident, several persons were killed.
As a result of a traffic jam, he wasn't able to see her off at the station.
As a result of a traffic jam, he wasn’t able to see her off at the station.
As a result of always being hungry and fatigued, that dog finally died.
As a result of another mass massacre committed by Armenian aggressors against the Azerbaijani people, 613 people, including 106 women, 63 children, and 70 elderly people, were brutally murdered, 1,275 civilians were taken prisoner, and the fate of 150 people is still unknown.
As a result of borrowing, this word is found all around the world.
As a result of burnout, my submissions to the magazine became increasingly labored and vacuous.
As a result of his carelessness, he made a serious blunder.
As a result of his substance abuse problems, Tom was really down and out until he checked himself into rehab and cleaned up his act.
As a result of new ultra-light materials, our product now only weighs about half as much as before!
As a result of pollution, the lake is without any form of life.
As a result of poor financial management, the company had been plunged into poverty and debt.
As a result of some factories using fossil fuels, chemical emissions have already caused serious environmental problems.
As a result of the accident, several passengers were killed.
As a result of the anti-terrorist operation launched on September 19, 2023 and lasting only 23 hours, Azerbaijan's sovereignty was fully restored, with the aim of preventing large-scale provocations in Karabakh, disarming the remnants of the Armenian armed forces and withdrawing them from our lands, and restoring the constitutional order of Azerbaijan in those territories.
As a result of the antivax movement, the U.S. is seeing the return of measles and other diseases once nearly eradicated there.
As a result of the blow, he became insane.
As a result of the car accident, the driver was severely injured, and the passenger died.
As a result of the collision, one of the passengers was thrown out.
As a result of the destruction, many Puerto Ricans have emigrated to the US mainland.
As a result of the earthquake, most of the town had to be rebuilt.
As a result of the new method developed by G.F. Göransson, the price of steel was reduced to a quarter.
As a result of the ridiculousness of these bulletins and the banality of the other main programs, the Valencians turn their backs on their television.
As a result of the riots, the incidence of looting in wealthy neighborhoods increased.
As a result of the server breakdown, total PV of yesterday dropped by 30% compared with normal.
As a result of the storm, he didn't arrive.
As a result of the war, a great number of victims remained.
As a result of the war, many people died.
As a result of the weak economy, the working week at VW was reduced by 10 hours.
As a result of these incidents, they set new, more effective procedures in motion.
As a result of two random firework explosions in Peru, at least 18 people perished.
As a result, Bangladesh is very important for us.
As a result, confusion constantly arose.
As a result, he became a great merchant.
As a result, he gets something which technically is correct, but in its essence is just a mockery.
As a result, he was diagnosed with insomnia and anxiety neurosis near the end of May.
As a result, it is undeniable that important disciplines and moral education have been neglected. By placing excessive importance on scholastic achievement, many parents have forgotten such basic social courtesies as consideration for others.
As a result, many buyers do not come to Bangladesh naturally.
As a result, more women are receiving equal work.
As a result, people have got so used to being paid this way that they're uncomfortable with any other.
As a result, people have got so used to being paid this way that they’re uncomfortable with any other.
As a result, prices rose.
As a result, some countries that have tight pandemic restrictions in place are planning to abandon them for a few days at least, including “whack-a-mole” strategies aimed at suppressing local outbreaks of contagion.
As a result, the company is expanding its business.
As a result, the number of bathers increased steadily.
As a result, there's a 10-kilometer traffic jam.
As a result, there's a 6-mile traffic jam.
As a result, we play ball inside on rainy days.
As a result, when it rains, large amounts of topsoil, clay, chemical fertilizers, and pesticides are washed into the sea.
As a retail worker, Carlos is responsible for assisting customers and processing transactions.
As a reward for this labor, we received a magnificently creamy and soft yogurt, which tastes much better than what you buy in the store.
As a river of sheep flows across the road outside town, Linda Mueliger waits in her car, unperturbed by the wooly jam.
As a robot, I find the idea of emotions "confusing."
As a rule I get up at six o'clock, but yesterday morning I got up at eight.
As a rule I get up at six o’clock, but yesterday morning I got up at eight.
As a rule of thumb, you should plan on one pound of beef for every two guests.
As a rule the corbel table carries the gutter.
As a rule we have much rain in June in Japan.
As a rule, I don't drink coffee.
As a rule, I don't drink.
As a rule, I don’t drink coffee.
As a rule, I get up late, but this morning was different.
As a rule, I go to school before eight o'clock.
As a rule, I go to school before eight o’clock.
As a rule, I have a glass of water as soon as I get up.
As a rule, I prefer a comedy to a tragedy.
As a rule, I prefer people who deal with matters of this kind directly with those involved.
As a rule, Japanese people are not good at foreign languages.
As a rule, a term of office lasts four years.
As a rule, governments are worse than their peoples.
As a rule, hail falls in summer.
As a rule, hail falls in the summer.
As a rule, he arrives at the office about eight-thirty in morning.
As a rule, he arrives at the office at about nine-thirty in the morning.
As a rule, it doesn't snow much here.
As a rule, it doesn’t snow much here.
As a rule, man is inclined to be lazy.
As a rule, not only in humans, but also in animals, "sexual display" occurs, consciously or unconsciously, towards individuals of the opposite sex.
As a rule, our English teacher gives a lot of homework.
As a rule, she and I agree with each other.
As a rule, she is an early riser.
As a rule, the game of life is worth playing.
As a rule, the inhabitants of warm countries keep early hours.
As a rule, the more fundamental a new truth, the greater will be its practical possibilities.
As a rule, twins have a lot in common.
As a rule, we don't allow smoking.
As a rule, we don’t allow smoking.
As a rule, we get a lot of rain in autumn.
As a rule, we have a lot of rain in fall.
As a rule, we have a lot of rain in the fall.
As a rule, we have much rain in June in Japan.
As a rule, we have three meals a day.
As a sales worker, Carlos is responsible for meeting sales targets and building customer relationships.
As a school subject, sport appears under the name 'physical education'.
As a science fiction fan, I can still differentiate science fact from science fiction. It's because science fiction fans are most likely intelligent people.
As a scientist, I have seen so many problems caused by misinformation.
As a scientist, I try to be objective.
As a scientist, William was always asking questions and seeking answers, never satisfied with what he already knew.
As a secretary she is a prize.
As a secretary, he can easily arrange that.
As a security worker, Carlos is responsible for ensuring the safety of the premises.
As a signatory to the treaty, Australia is bound by its terms.
As a signatory to the treaty, our country is bound by its stipulations.
As a similar feature it is noted that students engaged in fund-raising activities rarely contribute money they have earned themselves.
As a singer, she's well known.
As a small child, we moved to Kabylie.
As a small group of American and visiting Mongolian scientists enjoy the panorama, one spots a palm-sized creature hopping between two clumps of prairie grass, and pounces on it with a triumphant cry of "Horny toad!"
As a small-business owner, Halteh says he cannot afford to keep paying the employees he doesn’t have any work for.
As a soccer player he is second to none.
As a social being, he seeks to gain the recognition and affection of his fellow human beings, to share in their pleasures, to comfort them in their sorrows, and to improve their conditions of life.
As a society, there are really three blending elements in the Philippines: the Sundadonts, the Sinodonts, and the Caucasoids. My family is such a blend. Mongoloids really comprise three variants: the Sundadonts, the Sinodonts, and the Super-Sinodonts, these respectively being the Pacific Islanders, the East Asians, and the Amerindians of the Americas. The Filipino Caucasoid element is commonly Mediterranean. There are four human subspecies in my preferred model of anthropology: the Mongoloids, the Caucasoids, the Negroids, and the Australoids. Caucasoid has variants Nordic and Mediterranean; Negroid has variants Congoid and Capoid; and Australoid has variants Veddoid, Negrito, Papuan, Melanesian, and Aborigine. Migrants into the Philippines might have carried various bits of other strains. For example, Super-Sinodonts, Amerindians, might have reached the Philippines with the Manila-Acapulco Galleons during the Spanish Empire.
As a speaker, Tom has no equal.
As a star, the sun is a so-called yellow dwarf.
As a starter job, I think the warrior is good.
As a starting class, I think warrior is good.
As a student he wrote poems.
As a student of history, I also know civilization's debt to Islam. It was Islam – at places like Al-Azhar University – that carried the light of learning through so many centuries, paving the way for Europe's Renaissance and Enlightenment.
As a student of history, I also know civilization’s debt to Islam. It was Islam â€“ at places like Al-Azhar University â€“ that carried the light of learning through so many centuries, paving the way for Europe’s Renaissance and Enlightenment.
As a student of history, I also know the debt which civilization owes to Islam. It was Islam, which — at Al Azhar University and other places — carried the light of knowledge through so many centuries, and thus paved the way for the Renaissance and the Enlightenment.
As a student, I became interested in oriental languages.
As a student, I often went fishing.
As a student, I spent a semester studying abroad in England.
As a student, I spent a term studying abroad in England.
As a tadpole grows, the tail disappears and legs begin to form.
As a teacher you should try to win the pupils' confidence, that is half the battle.
As a teacher, I hate having to get my students' attention.
As a teacher, he's only so-so.
As a teacher, tell your students that they all have a potential to rely on and on which they can draw on to make fast progress in their studies.
As a team, we are disappointed. We should have won the game.
As a teenage Lulu Islander, I kept different hamsters as pets. I had a large long-haired bear-like hamster whom I named Jabberwocky. I had another hamster, blond and short-haired, whom I named Twiki.
As a teenager, I grew avocado plants in pots, so that I could make bonsai out of them, but I later learned that optimally, bonsai should have small leaves; avocado plants had big leaves.
As a teenager, I went to Western-religion church with my parents, but my belief in science immunized me.
As a teenager, Mary had a crush on a famous movie star.
As a teenager, Tom had a crush on a famous actress.
As a teenager, Tom used to eat bread and lard.
As a teenager, Tom was the number-one ranked player in his state.
As a teenager, he was religious.
As a teetotaler, Tom dislikes being around drunks.
As a test of this, first go to Pytho and inquire about the response.
As a test pilot, Neil Armstrong made 7 flights in the X-15 aircraft. He was able to attain an altitude of 63,198 meters (207,500 feet).
As a therapist, Carlos is a careful listener who picks up on the intricacies of people's speech patterns and gestures.
As a true testimony we affixed our seals to this letter.
As a variety of ware it stands so entirely alone that had it arrived unlabeled no one would have recognized its affinities with Chiriquian art.
As a vegan, I keep kosher by default.
As a vegetarian, she doesn't eat meat.
As a vegetarian, she doesn’t eat meat.
As a war correspondent, Tom visited several war zones.
As a warehouse worker, Carlos is responsible for inventory management.
As a way to wrap up 2020, Washington's Artechouse – the first US museum of digital and experiential art – transformed its space into a unique exhibition designed to help people combat COVID-19 anxiety.
As a white European-American woman who had grown up in the United States, Donna Jackson was not prepared for the reactions that she and her Japanese-American husband encountered when they began their multiracial family a decade ago.
As a whole his works are neither good nor bad.
As a whole the climate of Japan is mild.
As a whole, the plan seems to be good.
As a wokester, Tom always supports current things.
As a woman, I want to be a modest person.
As a worker, Carlos always gives his best effort.
As a writer, she does not fit into any of the traditional categories.
As a writing system, English is neither phonemic like Spanish nor logographic like Chinese. Japanese has both phonemic and logographic in tandem. Other phonemic writings include Esperanto, Interlingua, Tagalog, Italian, Hawaiian, etc. Spanish writing with its accents is like musical notation, based on sounds. English writing is not this way, just hinting at the sound. I have not encountered a linguistics term that applies to the English way.
As a young girl, Mary wanted to become a professional tennis player.
As a young girl, Skura dreamed of living the high life.
As a young girl, she wanted to become a professional tennis player and, at one time, was a ranked player on the junior tennis circuit.
As a young man he flirted briefly with communism.
As a young man, I worked in Chicago communities where many found dignity and peace in their Muslim faith.
As a young man, he did not know that he was to become famous later on.
As a young person, I cherish freedom in my existence.
As a young person, I was a victim of rape.
As a young priest, Father Thomas attended his first synod.
As a youngster, I vaguely remember going to a zoo in Metro Manila.
As a youth, I always wanted one thing most of all: my own room.
As above, so below.
As advertising campaigns for major world cities go, “Let’s Take a Break From Social Life” is not exactly inspiring.
As agreed, I will pay you when I see you at the hotel.
As agreed, please find enclosed the updated contract.
As aid organizations struggle to manage the crisis, the camp's population has grown to 70,000 people, with thousands arriving in the past few days.
As all kinds of communication methods are proliferating, human relationships are weakening. This is a perfect example of mistaking means for ends.
As all of you probably know, I'm Maria.
As always thank you for everything.
As always thank you for the many things you do.
As always thank you for the various things you do.
As always, I appreciate your time.
As always, I could only hope the police wouldn't stop me.
As always, I could only hope the police wouldn’t stop me.
As always, Keiko showed us a pleasant smile.
As always, he got up early in the morning and went jogging.
As always, he went to work without shaving.
As always, right?
As always, she was late.
As always, thank you for the many things you do.
As always, thank you. You've helped me.
As always, there's nothing to worry about.
As always, you are a doting parent.
As always, you have understood poorly!
As always, you misunderstood!
As an African, I have much more things in common with the Chinese than with the "European people with blue eyes and blond hair" who believe that only white Christian lives matter.
As an Algerian woman, Taninna is very proud to wear a Kabyle dress.
As an Algerian, I only discovered Arabic when I was six years old, going to school.
As an American, I find that offensive.
As an American, I prefer an air conditioned room when it's really hot outside.
As an American, this sentence sounds unnatural to me.
As an Englishman, he is particularly sensitive to the differences between English and American usage.
As an admirer of the racecourses, he found it hard to accept the conversion of a cultural heritage, the Ügető, into a shopping mall floating in pink.
As an adult, Mary was interested in many things which had bored her at school.
As an allegory of war, chess is a game of attack and defense.
As an anti-spam measure, all new users must wait five minutes before they're allowed to send messages.
As an artist, he leaves a lot to be desired.
As an atom approaches the barycenter of a forming star, it trades potential for kinetic energy: the stuff of heat.
As an authority on such things, how can you describe the typical Lojban-enthusiast?
As an electrician, I can earn just as much in my home country as in the west.
As an employee, Carlos consistently delivers exceptional work.
As an employee, Carlos is a great communicator who can effectively convey ideas and information.
As an employee, Carlos is a true team player.
As an employee, Carlos is always looking for ways to improve processes and procedures.
As an employee, Carlos is always punctual and reliable.
As an employee, Carlos is always willing to lend a helping hand.
As an employee, Carlos is always willing to take on additional responsibilities.
As an employee, Carlos is highly adaptable and can handle change with ease.
As an employee, Carlos is highly motivated and driven.
As an employee, Carlos is highly organized and efficient.
As an employee, Carlos is highly respected by his colleagues.
As an employee, Carlos is proactive and takes initiative.
As an engineer, I know that non-metric calculations are more prone to errors.
As an equation it presents nothing antinomic; it is absolute and immutable like every law, and, like every law, very intelligible.
As an example, Ross said only one U.S. company now produces a high-quality aluminum alloy needed for military aircraft.
As an extra precaution, Fadil installed surveillance cameras outside his house.
As an infant, Fadil was too weak for such a surgery.
As an insurance company, we worry about the possibility of a pandemic.
As an old Kabyle saying goes: "Help those who are in need. As for God, leave him to others."
As an overweight woman, Mary has experienced many incidents of people judging her based on her size.
As anger and frustration among the flood victims intensify, reports that international aid has slackened raises concerns.
As another of our friends has said, translation is not about replacing one language with others. Translation will, on the contrary, help the language to enter the scientific field so that it can be promoted again and again. We should open our eyes: there is a huge difference between a translated language, which can be adopted, and an orphaned language whose mere diffusion would constrain it, even if that were not the original intention.
As anticipated, there have been some problems.
As anticipated, we have had some problems.
As any cat knows, putting yourself in a box is completely different from somebody else putting you in a box.
As autumn approaches, the nights get longer.
As autumn draws near, the nights become longer.
As barefoot beach walks can confirm, sand warms or cools quicker than rocks or pavement.
As beasts of labour buffaloes are excessively strong, but slow and unmanageable.
As bees in early summer swarm apace / through flowery fields, when forth from dale and dell / they lead the full-grown offspring of the race, / or with the liquid honey store each cell, / and make the teeming hive with nectarous sweets to swell. / These ease the comers of their loads, those drive / the drones afar. The busy work each plies, / and sweet with thyme and honey smells the hive.
As beloved woodland creatures go, freshwater mussels are near the bottom of the list. But they perform a critical service. One of these unheralded bivalves can filter roughly 40 liters of water per day, removing algae, bacteria, chemicals, silt and other undesirables from waterways.
As black designers continue to gain recognition in the global fashion industry, a new wave of African culture is surfacing on the streets of Brooklyn, New York.
As body, mind or soul, you are a dream; you really are Being, Consciousness, Bliss (satchidananda). You are the God of this universe.
As both nations continue to develop, they have been hungrily gobbling up the world's resources, such as steel and cement.
As businesses failed, workers lost their jobs.
As carousels began to be made of metals and fiberglass, workmen qualified to maintain hand-carved and painted carousels became hard to find.
As centuries passed, humanity became more serious in implementing constructed languages as they deemed natural ones to be insufficient.
As chance would have it, we met again.
As children are known to emulate the values of adults, it is often pointed out such "education mamas" instill a warped sense of values in their children.
As children get bigger, they grow out of their clothes.
As children, we are forbidden from messing around.
As choices go, it's like being asked whether you want to be punched or kicked.
As civilization advances, poetry almost necessarily declines.
As cliffs and sand dunes retreat, the vacated area becomes part of the beach environment and the position of the beach shifts landward.
As climate change raises sea levels, salty ocean water is pushing its way inland.
As climate change tightens its grip, environmentalists see carbon-absorbing forests as one of the planet's best defenses.
As close friends, we must share our troubles.
As cold as ice.
As commercial and cultural contacts between East and West developed, Arab and Persian traders began calling on China along the Silk Road in increasing numbers.
As communism has collapsed, capitalism is now accused of trying to "dominate the world."
As compared with his father, he is lacking in depth.
As compared with his, my collection is nothing.
As compared with last summer, we haven't had so much rain this year.
As compared with last summer, we haven’t had so much rain this year.
As compared with my trouble, yours is nothing.
As compared with the old model, this is far easier to handle.
As corny as it sounds, I go to sleep every night with a teddy bear next to my head.
As corny as it sounds, I love my husband more each day.
As crazy as it seems, dwarf stars can be 20 times bigger than our sun.
As crowds converged on Stonehenge last week for the summer solstice, a new study based on 10 years of archaeological investigations revealed the ancient monument was built to unify all of the people of Britain.
As cultural exchange continued between the two countries, their mutual understanding became even deeper.
As customary on Christmas Day, Pope Francis appeared at the balcony of Saint Peter’s Basilica overlooking the square to deliver his “Urbi et Orbi” message and blessing to the city and to the world.
As day dawned and the birds began to sing, Tom finally arrived home.
As day was dawning and the birds were starting to sing, Tom at last arrived home.
As dead flies give perfume a bad smell, so a little folly outweighs wisdom and honor.
As depicted, he was about thirty years old.
As dessert, I take a banana.
As deuterostomes, humans all begin as assholes, and some never develop beyond that point.
As discussions were underway, hundreds of anti-globalisation protesters clashed with riot police.
As dry leaves that before the wild hurricane fly, When they meet with an obstacle, mount to the sky; So up to the house-top the coursers they flew, With the sleigh full of toys, and St. Nicholas, too.
As earlier mentioned, I was afraid.
As economy develops, labor-intensive industries give way to capital-intensive industries.
As elevation increases, air pressure decreases.
As elsewhere in India, growth most often occurs despite the government rather than because of it.
As elsewhere in the world, the region's collection of blogs on the Internet is diverse and amorphous.
As entertainment giants like Netflix and Amazon Prime woo Indian audiences, they are investing millions of dollars in making films and serials locally.
As evening fell, Boris felt a sense of unease settling over him.
As ever, Tom has an answer.
As ever, everything in our story turns out well in the end. It'd be nice if the world were like that too, wouldn't it?
As ever, he left the keys on the table.
As every portrait painter knows, the slightest change in the shape of eyebrows, the curvature of lips or a crease in the forehead can alter the expression of a person's face — and affect how someone else responds.
As every year in the city, the stores pull out all the stops to make shopping a memorable experience and window displays are a big part of that.
As everyone can see, things have gotten worse.
As everyone danced and enjoyed themselves, Ziri stood on the balcony, smoking a cigarette.
As everyone knows, air is a mixture of gases.
As everyone knows, he is a genius.
As everyone knows, today is a very significant day for us.
As everyone stood guard silently, someone ran to the corner of the street and called over a police officer.
As evidenced by findings from the Iwajuku site to results of excavations around the country, a paleolithic culture did exist in the Japanese archipelago. However, there are almost no surviving artifacts of what could be termed plastic art.
As expectation increases that the dollar will weaken, the foreign exchange market's reaction to US economic indicators has been fairly muted.
As expectation increases that the dollar will weaken, the foreign exchange market’s reaction to US economic indicators has been fairly muted.
As expected it's unusual.
As expected of a young lady, it's not like she lived a free and easy life. （Google Translate.
As expected!
As expected, Algeria's economy is growing.
As expected, Tom asked Mary to marry him.
As expected, Tom didn't get here on time.
As expected, Tom didn't show up.
As expected, Tom lost the game.
As expected, Tom wasn't there.
As expected, expression of the gene was significantly reduced.
As expected, he was about thirty years old.
As expected, he won first place.
As expected, not everything has gone exactly as planned, but that in its own way was planned—we work to maintain flexibility in our schedule and our design, so that we can absorb new things that happen without throwing the whole team into a tizzy!
As expected, the main character is cool.
As expected, the price of imported goods rose.
As expected, the system is old, and the only way to replace it is to buy a new one.
As expected, this was quite tiresome.
As family farms have consolidated into megafarms run by large corporations, rural residents have moved to cities like Des Moines, the state capital, or left the state altogether.
As far I can tell, nothing has been stolen.
As far as Bob is concerned, anything goes. By contrast, Jane is very cautious.
As far as English is concerned, nobody can beat me.
As far as English is concerned, she is second to none in her class.
As far as I am aware, there were no problems during the first semester.
As far as I am concerned I can leave today.
As far as I am concerned the question is not simple.
As far as I am concerned, I am not against your opinion.
As far as I am concerned, I don't think it's true.
As far as I am concerned, I don't think that's true.
As far as I am concerned, I don’t think it’s true.
As far as I am concerned, I have no objection to the plan.
As far as I am concerned, I have no objection.
As far as I am concerned, I have nothing to say.
As far as I am concerned, everything is all right.
As far as I am concerned, prison and slammer are different things.
As far as I am concerned, that is the same, if not worse.
As far as I am concerned, the decision was easy.
As far as I am concerned, the problem is not a simple one.
As far as I can remember, it was three years ago that we last met.
As far as I can remember, we last saw each other three years ago.
As far as I can tell, Tom and Mary are doing well at school.
As far as I can tell, Tom and Mary are having fun.
As far as I can tell, Tom and Mary aren't lying.
As far as I can tell, Tom is doing well at school.
As far as I can tell, Tom is having fun.
As far as I can tell, Tom isn't lying.
As far as I can tell, Tom's French is pretty good.
As far as I can tell, the coast is clear.
As far as I can tell, there are no broken bones.
As far as I can tell, there's nothing medically wrong with Tom.
As far as I can, I'll help you.
As far as I can, I’ll help you.
As far as I could judge, the figure was that of a tall, thin man.
As far as I could make out, he was experimenting with new methods.
As far as I could see, I saw nothing but sand.
As far as I could see, everything was covered with snow.
As far as I go, I'm a cook. The only thing I do is prepare the food.
As far as I know he is a decent fellow enough.
As far as I know he is not lazy.
As far as I know him he's a thoughtful man. He won't do stupid things.
As far as I know it's a small city.
As far as I know they didn't hang out yesterday.
As far as I know, I don't have a twin brother.
As far as I know, I don't have any family in Boston.
As far as I know, I don't have any relatives in Australia.
As far as I know, I don't have any relatives in Boston.
As far as I know, I'm in perfect health.
As far as I know, I'm still the owner of this house.
As far as I know, I've never eaten dog meat.
As far as I know, Mr. Smith was a modest man.
As far as I know, Tom and Mary are happy.
As far as I know, Tom and Mary are retired.
As far as I know, Tom and Mary are still married.
As far as I know, Tom and Mary do that.
As far as I know, Tom and Mary have never done that.
As far as I know, Tom and Mary haven't done that.
As far as I know, Tom can be trusted.
As far as I know, Tom can do that.
As far as I know, Tom didn't break any rules.
As far as I know, Tom does that.
As far as I know, Tom doesn't have a girlfriend.
As far as I know, Tom doesn't live in Boston anymore.
As far as I know, Tom has a driver's license.
As far as I know, Tom has never attempted to kill himself.
As far as I know, Tom has never been to Boston.
As far as I know, Tom has never done anything illegal.
As far as I know, Tom has never done that.
As far as I know, Tom has never had a wife.
As far as I know, Tom has never lied to me.
As far as I know, Tom has never studied French.
As far as I know, Tom has never tried to commit suicide.
As far as I know, Tom hasn't committed any crimes yet.
As far as I know, Tom hasn't committed any crimes.
As far as I know, Tom hasn't done that.
As far as I know, Tom hasn't left yet.
As far as I know, Tom is a nice guy.
As far as I know, Tom is dependable.
As far as I know, Tom is happy.
As far as I know, Tom is honest.
As far as I know, Tom is ill.
As far as I know, Tom is reliable.
As far as I know, Tom is retired.
As far as I know, Tom is still in his room.
As far as I know, Tom is still married.
As far as I know, Tom is still single.
As far as I know, Tom isn't married yet.
As far as I know, Tom isn't married.
As far as I know, Tom isn't yet married.
As far as I know, Tom moved to Dunkirk two years ago.
As far as I know, Tom wasn't here yesterday.
As far as I know, Tom went on a trip.
As far as I know, he always keeps his promises.
As far as I know, he always keeps his word.
As far as I know, he did nothing wrong.
As far as I know, he doesn't work here anymore.
As far as I know, he has never been abroad.
As far as I know, he has never been overseas.
As far as I know, he has never come on time.
As far as I know, he has never made such a mistake.
As far as I know, he has not arrived yet.
As far as I know, he is American.
As far as I know, he is a hero.
As far as I know, he is a person who keeps his promises.
As far as I know, he is a reliable friend.
As far as I know, he is a reliable man.
As far as I know, he is a reliable person.
As far as I know, he is a very kind man.
As far as I know, he is an honest man.
As far as I know, he is coming by car.
As far as I know, he is honest and reliable.
As far as I know, he is honest.
As far as I know, he is innocent.
As far as I know, he is kind.
As far as I know, he is not married.
As far as I know, he is one of the best doctors in town.
As far as I know, he is reliable.
As far as I know, he is the shortest student in this school.
As far as I know, he isn't lazy.
As far as I know, he isn’t lazy.
As far as I know, he lives here.
As far as I know, he said that himself.
As far as I know, he used to be a good student.
As far as I know, he was a good pupil.
As far as I know, he was a good student.
As far as I know, he was born in Italy.
As far as I know, he wasn't involved in that fraud scheme.
As far as I know, he wasn’t involved in that fraud scheme.
As far as I know, he won't come.
As far as I know, he won’t come.
As far as I know, he's a diligent student.
As far as I know, he's a good bloke.
As far as I know, he's a good man.
As far as I know, he's a good person.
As far as I know, he's a kind man.
As far as I know, he's a nice guy.
As far as I know, he's an excellent student.
As far as I know, he's an honest man.
As far as I know, he's friendly.
As far as I know, he's guilty.
As far as I know, he's honest.
As far as I know, he's single.
As far as I know, he’s a diligent student.
As far as I know, he’s a nice guy.
As far as I know, he’s an excellent student.
As far as I know, he’s an honest man.
As far as I know, he’s guilty.
As far as I know, it is prohibited to swim here.
As far as I know, it is very far.
As far as I know, it's not all that far to walk.
As far as I know, it’s true.
As far as I know, no one has ever done it.
As far as I know, no one has ever done that.
As far as I know, no one here has seen Tom today.
As far as I know, nobody has ever done that.
As far as I know, nobody looked at me.
As far as I know, none of Tom's friends are Canadians.
As far as I know, she has not yet married.
As far as I know, she has nothing to do with that scandal.
As far as I know, she hasn't departed yet.
As far as I know, she hasn't left yet.
As far as I know, she hasn’t departed yet.
As far as I know, she is a kind girl.
As far as I know, she is a very good person.
As far as I know, she is not rich.
As far as I know, she is still missing.
As far as I know, she's alone.
As far as I know, she's not rich.
As far as I know, she's not yet married.
As far as I know, she's still unmarried.
As far as I know, she’s still unmarried.
As far as I know, such a function doesn't exist.
As far as I know, that isn't true.
As far as I know, that never happened.
As far as I know, that word doesn't exist.
As far as I know, that's correct.
As far as I know, that's right.
As far as I know, that's the only possible translation.
As far as I know, the book has never been translated into Japanese.
As far as I know, the majority of inhabitants on the island of Samar speak Waray, except for on the island of Kapul, where their primary language is Abaknon, although they can also speak Waray.
As far as I know, the novel is not translated into Japanese.
As far as I know, the rumor is not true.
As far as I know, the rumor isn't true.
As far as I know, there are no good books on the theory.
As far as I know, there are no limits.
As far as I know, there are only three types.
As far as I know, there is a lesson this evening.
As far as I know, there is no such function.
As far as I know, there is no such word.
As far as I know, there is nothing wrong with his plan.
As far as I know, there were no problems during the first semester.
As far as I know, they always keep their word.
As far as I know, they are still together.
As far as I know, this book has never been translated into French.
As far as I know, this book has never been translated into Japanese.
As far as I know, this is not the case.
As far as I know, this is the best one.
As far as I know, this is the latest edition.
As far as I know, this is the only translation available.
As far as I know, this is the only translation.
As far as I know, we don't have to do anything else.
As far as I know, what he has said is true.
As far as I know, you know him very well.
As far as I know, your letter is under that book.
As far as I remember, he didn't say that.
As far as I remember, he didn’t say that.
As far as I remember, he doesn't speak like that.
As far as I remember, the problem occurred here.
As far as I understand despite my limited knowledge, here in Venezuela we must adapt to the prevailing mentality and social order. Therefore, an individual must live among opportunism, poverty, manipulation and superficiality. It might be a very characteristic Latino idiosyncrasy to behave as in the book "Chronicle of a Death Foretold" by Gabriel García Márquez when it comes to dealing with delicate situations. Everybody knows what's happening, but nobody raises his voice and even if somebody did, nobody would support him. Only enlightenment through education could end the ignorance that is a scourge on our people, from which many other problems arise. However, it's unlikely to expect a government to propose to spread values that threaten its own interests, because it's better for them to keep society ignorant in order to manipulate it with ease.
As far as I'm aware, the rumour is false.
As far as I'm concerned, English is not easy.
As far as I'm concerned, I don't mind whether he comes or not.
As far as I'm concerned, I don't think that that's true.
As far as I'm concerned, I have no complaint.
As far as I'm concerned, I have no objection to the plan.
As far as I'm concerned, I have nothing to say.
As far as I'm concerned, I will not approve of the plan.
As far as I'm concerned, his perfume is an aphrodisiac.
As far as I'm concerned, it is really big difference.
As far as I'm concerned, laws that require drivers to wear seatbelts are paternalistic.
As far as I'm concerned, she's a complete stranger.
As far as I'm concerned, telecommuting isn't the best solution at all.
As far as I'm concerned, the August is a victory.
As far as I'm concerned, the situation is getting worse and worse each day.
As far as I'm concerned, the topic is worth discussing.
As far as I'm concerned, they could do away with Christmas!
As far as I'm concerned, things are going well.
As far as I'm concerned, this coffee is too strong.
As far as I'm concerned, what you do in your free time is your own business, as long as it doesn't interfere with your work.
As far as I'm concerned, you can do what you like.
As far as I’m concerned the topic is worth discussing.
As far as I’m concerned, I have no complaint.
As far as I’m concerned, I have no objection to the plan.
As far as I’m concerned, I will not approve of the plan.
As far as I’m concerned, it’s over.
As far as I’m concerned, laws that require drivers to wear seatbelts are paternalistic.
As far as I’m concerned, things are going well.
As far as I’m concerned, you can do what you like.
As far as Tom is concerned, it's quantity, not quality, that counts.
As far as Tom is concerned, it's quantity, not quality, which counts.
As far as Tom was concerned, Bloodborne was his Game of the Year.
As far as cohabitation is concerned, obviously gay couples have to have the right to this too.
As far as he goes, he's not a good doctor.
As far as he was concerned, things were going well.
As far as knowing health's worth once you've lost it goes, that's the same thing with parents, water or air.
As far as knowing health’s worth once you’ve lost it goes, that’s the same thing with parents, water or air.
As far as modern writing is concerned, it is rarely rewarding to translate it, although it might be easy. Translation is very much like copying paintings.
As far as my experience goes, such a plan is impossible.
As far as one can tell, she is an artist.
As far as politics is concerned, he's still as innocent as a child.
As far as possible one should try to become on as close terms as possible with any sort of man.
As far as possible without surrender be on good terms with all persons.
As far as religion goes, we're all Muslim and we're all brothers.
As far as restaurants, canteens, cafeterias or similar things are concerned, "feedback" may be the wrong word.
As far as she goes, yea, she does have those few faults, but it's just those faults of hers that make me like her even more.
As far as that matter is concerned, I'm completely satisfied.
As far as the content is concerned, it's nothing special.
As far as the eye can reach, nothing is to be seen but sand.
As far as the eye could reach, nothing was to be seen but a field of wheat.
As far as the eye could reach, nothing was to be seen but sand.
As far as the eye could reach, there was no sign of life.
As far as the eye could see, nothing could be seen except cornfields.
As far as the eye could see, there was nothing but sand.
As far as the horizon you can see sailing boats gliding calmly and silently across the glassy surface of the lake.
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
As far as the piano is concerned, sentiment is my forte.
As far as the surrounding space is concerned, the spare and modern décor of the original building was left mostly unchanged by Met directors.
As far as the teacher was concerned, she was a joy to teach.
As far as the unexplained sounds and feelings, I would chalk that up to there just being spiritual energy in the house from people who've been there before.
As far as this girl's appearance is concerned, I think it's impeccable.
As far as this matter is concerned, I am satisfied.
As far as this problem is concerned, you cannot escape your responsibility.
As far as we are concerned we see this as a political gimmick made to hoodwink people.
As far as we can tell, Tom and Mary weren't involved in the robbery.
As far as we can tell, Tom wasn't involved in the robbery.
As far as we know, the earth is the only planet to have oceans.
As far as we know, we humans are alone in the universe.
As far as we remember, at 500 meters we were still above the clouds.
As far as I know, it's the first time Tom has ever done that.
As far as I know, it's the first time that Tom has ever done that.
As far back as I can remember, I have had thoughts and ideas which at the time, seemed to make me unique.
As far back as I can remember, I've always hated Australia.
As far back as I can remember, I've been fascinated by things like that.
As far back as ancient Greece, humans have wondered whether other solar systems might exist in the universe.
As far housing goes, it is very poor in Japan.
As fast as it had appeared, the rabbit disappeared among the bushes.
As figures from the National Development and Reform Committee show, the Internet has developed rapidly in rural China.
As finals approached, I nearly had a nervous breakdown.
As flies to wanton boys are we to the gods ; they kill us for their sport.
As flies to wanton boys are we to the gods; they kill us for their sport.
As fluently as she speaks French, she may have studied in France.
As food and drink is to animals, so are rain and sunshine to plants.
As for America, Mr. Smith came.
As for Daphnis it was as if he had been stung, not kissed, by Chloe.
As for Gunasekera, he says changing his posture made a huge difference.
As for Santas, how many are there?
As for Shinto gods, there are the goddess of the Sun, the god of the moon and even old trees have their gods.
As for Tom, he did well, in his own way.
As for Tom, he misses his parents.
As for Tom, he swam every morning.
As for Tom, he went swimming every morning.
As for accomplishments, I just did what I had to do as things came along.
As for chess, I just know the rules.
As for children, I enjoy eating them. Every day in the morning. Fresh or chilled. They really deserved it.
As for costs, we'll talk about those later.
As for dogs, I like them.
As for dogs, customers may not bring them into this store.
As for getting to my house from the airport, the best way is by taxi.
As for himself he attributed his feelings to being in his imagination still among the pirates.
As for his proposal, I think it is out of the question.
As for incomplete sentences...
As for living in Japan, I have nothing to complain about.
As for me, I am not satisfied with the result of the examination the other day.
As for me, I am quite happy.
As for me, I am satisfied.
As for me, I can't agree to his offer.
As for me, I can’t agree to his offer.
As for me, I didn't eat honey.
As for me, I didn't eat the dolma.
As for me, I didn't have any dolma.
As for me, I don't eat meat, so I ordered veg chow mein.
As for me, I don't have any comments.
As for me, I don't like eggs.
As for me, I don't object to your point of view.
As for me, I don't trust Tom at all.
As for me, I don't trust him at all.
As for me, I don't want to go out.
As for me, I don’t trust him at all.
As for me, I don’t want to go out.
As for me, I enjoy this warmer weather.
As for me, I have no objection.
As for me, I have no question.
As for me, I have nothing against the plan.
As for me, I have nothing to complain of.
As for me, I have nothing to say at present.
As for me, I have nothing to say.
As for me, I like chicken better than pork.
As for me, I like this better.
As for me, I prefer beer to whisky.
As for me, I prefer coffee to tea.
As for me, I prefer fish to meat.
As for me, I think the play was quite interesting.
As for me, I want to stay outside.
As for me, I will not approve of the plan.
As for me, I won't be able to attend today's meeting.
As for me, I would like to become a lawyer someday.
As for me, I'm a pretty simple person.
As for me, I'm a rather simple person.
As for me, I'm not satisfied with the result of the examination the other day.
As for me, I'm satisfied.
As for me, instead of trying to be a cool, international man, I would like to be an open-minded earth person.
As for me, it is not death that saddens me.
As for me, it really doesn't matter.
As for me, my own passion is soccer.
As for me, no!
As for me, on the contrary, I do not consider Japanese a difficult language.
As for me, the only person I'm irritated with is my father.
As for me, there is nothing more I want to say.
As for music, there's beautiful music everywhere in Christminster. You med be religious, or you med not, but you can't help striking in your homely note with the rest.
As for my father, he has not gone abroad until now.
As for my own part, I past through all these nations as you perhaps may have done through a croud at a shew-jostling to get by them, holding my nose with one hand, and defending my pockets with the other, without speaking a word to any of them, while I was pressing on to see what I wanted to see.
As for myself, I am satisfied.
As for myself, I like spring very much. I never liked summer.
As for myself, I was silent, for the dull weather and the melancholy business upon which we were engaged, depressed my spirits.
As for myself, I'm OK.
As for myself, I'm pretty irresponsible, like most other humans.
As for myself, Saturday will be convenient.
As for our students, one has already left for Bucharest, and one is on her way.
As for people who are politically backward, Communists should not slight or despise them, but should befriend them, unite with them, convince them and encourage them to go forward.
As for phonology, Tagalog has more clarity and rhythm than does English.
As for physical exercise, although I loathe most sports (I think they're really boring), I do like going to the gym to lift weights.
As for physical exercise, although I loathe most sports (I think they’re really boring), I do like going to the gym to lift weights.
As for that soup, it was so hot I really couldn't drink it.
As for that soup, it was so hot I really couldn’t drink it.
As for that, I'm sceptical.
As for the Emperor, he is the ruler of the world. As for the barbarians, they are the servants of the world.
As for the accusations of heresy, here the evidence is much weaker.
As for the accusations of heresy--here, the evidence is much weaker.
As for the accusations of heresy: here, the evidence is much weaker.
As for the air, there is always some moisture in the atmosphere, but when the amount increases a great deal, it affects the light waves.
As for the child, he is eating meat.
As for the child, he is eating the meat.
As for the content, it's nothing special.
As for the criminal, I also currently have no idea how to interpret his actions.
As for the job market, although unemployment is now low, the fear of losing one's job over the coming year has risen notably among those on lower incomes.
As for the money, it is all right.
As for the new project, I disagree with you.
As for the papers, I have custody of them.
As for the scheme I had in my head, it was not a bad one in itself.
As for the signature on the will, did you sign it yourself?
As for the standard of living, the republic has caught up with the West.
As for the standard of living, the republic has overtaken other developed countries.
As for the students of today, I don't know what they are thinking about.
As for the students of today, I don’t know what they are thinking about.
As for the surgery, it might hurt.
As for the theoretical side, Peterson's claim is pertinent to our discussion.
As for the theoretical side, Peterson’s claim is pertinent to our discussion.
As for them, it's the law that compels them to do so.
As for today, I went out with my friends.
As for washing dishes, Mr. Harrison never made any pretence of doing it unless a rainy Sunday came. Then he went to work and washed them all at once in the rainwater hogshead, and left them to drain dry.
As for whether couples may be dissuaded from settling in smaller towns because of these longer commutes, Lanning said it didn’t factor into her decision. “We are so grounded here. John grew up here, and everything we know and do is here. So yeah, that doesn’t affect that,” she said.
As for women, Tom is very picky.
As for work, Tom doesn't have too much choice.
As for you, I don't know, but for me it's really very important.
As for you, I think you just want to screw me up.
As for you, you just want to blow me up.
As for you, you will bring me your letter of resignation by this evening.
As for your final mark, it depends on your final exam.
As for your musings—Buddhoanimism, Science, Psychology—it’s no contradiction. Perhaps what you’re sensing is a convergence, not a departure. Science, at its best, is itself a dharma: a way to perceive reality as it is. And Mr. Spock, half-human and half-Vulcan, might be the ideal guide for a mind walking between worlds. “Come back to me,” he says—and maybe that is the sacred call: back to curiosity, to logic and emotion, back to the stars and to Lulu Island, back to the Bamboo Grove in the present moment.
As funny as the whole concept of a knuckle sandwich is, I wouldn't ever want to be on the receiving end.
As girls consistently outperform boys in secondary and higher secondary education, even the prime minister felt it necessary to delve into the underlying factors contributing to this trend and explore potential solutions.
As global warming increases, sea levels get higher and higher.
As good luck would have it, a steamer passed by and they were saved.
As graduation approaches for university and college students in the United States, students are preparing for one of the most important milestones of their lives.
As grandmother says: "They thank me in times of trouble!"
As great a scientist as he is, he lacks common sense.
As greenhouse gas concentrations continue to rise, infrared radiative cooling by the surface and the atmosphere to space becomes less effective.
As had been expected, the weather turned out to be very fine.
As happiness doesn't exist, we have to strive to be happy without it.
As happiness doesn't exist, we must try to be happy without it!
As happiness doesn't exist, we shall try to be happy without it!
As hard as he tried, he did not succeed.
As hard as we try to not be superstitious, there are still annoying coincidences designed to wreck havoc in even the most balanced of minds.
As has already been said, the Third Men were prone to phases of preoccupation with the ancient craving for personal immortality. This craving had often been strong among the First Men; and even the Second Men, in spite of their great gift of detachment, had sometimes allowed their admiration for human personality to persuade them that souls must live for ever. The short-lived and untheoretical Third Men, with their passion for living things of all kinds, and all the diversity of vital behaviour, conceived immortality in a variety of manners. In their final culture they imagined that at death all living things whom the Life God approved passed into another world, much like the familiar world, but happier. There they were said to live in the presence of the deity, serving him in untrammelled vital creativeness of sundry kinds.
As he approached his farm, he was surprised to see a horse hitched to each of the posts of the gate.
As he approached the south-west corner of the square he saw something that jarred his already frayed nerves.
As he attempted to flee, he encountered security guards.
As he came home it started to rain.
As he came to the foot of the stairs, he saw two men wrestling together outside.
As he carried the firewood back to the campsite, Matthew felt the weight of the wood on his shoulders.
As he clinched his medal, he reflected back on his entire journey here.
As he couldn't endure, he took to his heels.
As he couldn't take it any more, he took to his heels.
As he couldn’t endure, he took to his heels.
As he crossed the bridge, he looked down at the stream.
As he didn't know what to say, he remained silent.
As he didn’t know what to say, he remained silent.
As he does a lot of drawing, he owns a large selection of rubbers.
As he drinks the coffee, Marco realizes that it doesn't have any sugar.
As he drove back home, Matthew felt grateful for the amazing experience he had just had.
As he drove to the campsite, Matthew imagined all the adventures he would have in the great outdoors.
As he entered the hall, two men approached him.
As he entered the house, two things caught his eye.
As he gazed on her, he felt his fixed resolution melting like wax in the sun.
As he gets older, he forgets more.
As he gets older, he gets more and more stubborn.
As he gets older, he's getting more and more stubborn.
As he gets older, your son will grow more independent.
As he glided stealthily along, creeping beneath the shelter of the walls and doorways, the hideous old man seemed like some loathsome reptile, engendered in the slime and darkness through which he moved.
As he grew excited, he spoke more and more rapidly.
As he grew older, he became gentler.
As he grew older, he became more obstinate.
As he grew up, he learned to put things in perspective.
As he grows, he becomes increasingly handsome.
As he grows, he will come to value it.
As he had no way of making fire, he ate the fish raw.
As he had often done before, he pulled his hat over his face and watched the sun peering insidiously at him through the interstices of the straw.
As he had worked longer than usual, he felt tired.
As he has done a lot of bad things, we can conclude that he is a bad person.
As he hasn't kept up the building at all, there is no other term for him but "slumlord."
As he held the match nearer, I saw that it was more than a stain. It was the well-marked print of a thumb.
As he is a man of his word, he will surely pay what he owes to you.
As he is a married man, he has to think of the future.
As he is already of age, he can vote.
As he is honest, he is loved by everybody.
As he left the room, he turned off the light.
As he looked through the store window, Dima's eyes widened as they fell upon a gorgeous black suit, and then widened even more when he noticed the 3,000,000.99 BYR price tag.
As he looked through the store window, Dima’s eyes widened as they fell upon a gorgeous black suit, and then widened even more when he noticed the 3,000,000.99 BYR price tag.
As he often tells lies, he is not to be relied on.
As he often tells lies, nobody believes him.
As he played a dirty trick on me, I'll get even with him.
As he played a dirty trick on me, I’ll get even with him.
As he pronounced these words, he raised his eyes, and suddenly encountered those of Lucy Ashton.
As he pulled laundry from the dryer, Tom saw that because of static electricity a grey sock clung tenaciously to a facecloth.
As he rounded the corner, Igor saw Anna kissing another man.
As he sang these tender strains, the very ghosts shed tears.
As he sat next to his dying mother in the nursing home, Tom regretted not having been a better son to her.
As he sits in the dark, typing away at his computer, he hears the sound of morning birds chirping away and realizes he has been up all night - but the insomniac still refuses to sleep.
As he slurped the red blood, he heard frenzied screams.
As he spoke there was a sharp ring at the bell.
As he spoke, his nimble fingers were flying here, there, and everywhere, feeling, pressing, unbuttoning, examining, while his eyes wore the same far-away expression which I have already remarked upon.
As he spoke, his nose, long though it was, became at least two inches longer.
As he spoke, pictures came into my mind.
As he stepped into the circle of yellow light thrown by the lantern she saw that he was a person of gentlemanly bearing, dressed in a grey suit of tweeds, with a cloth cap.
As he stood there he might have been a fiend.
As he stood, he leaned upon his weapon for support.
As he stopped to bethink himself, they turned and looked eastward.
As he talked I got an idea.
As he talked, he got more and more excited.
As he threw the door open an old woman ran out in front of him and tried to bar his passage, but he thrust her back.
As he unhesitatingly extended his arm towards me, he came to touch my private areas.
As he walked along, his brain was busy planning hundreds of wonderful things, building hundreds of castles in the air.
As he walked away, his figure gradually became dim under the snow.
As he walked, Pinocchio noticed a tiny insect glimmering on the trunk of a tree, a small being that glowed with a pale, soft light.
As he wants to buy a car, he puts aside money.
As he was about to fall into the river, he took hold of the tree.
As he was about to leave, he said goodbye.
As he was an honest man, I employed him.
As he was born in England, he speaks British English.
As he was carrying a heavy backpack, he had to stop from time to time to rest.
As he was climbing the ladder, his hammer slipped from his belt.
As he was considerably behind with his rent, he was evicted from his flat.
As he was drinking he got very merry and kept telling everybody just how much he hated hospitals.
As he was growing up, he had found nothing but hate around him.
As he was in a hurry, he took a taxi.
As he was leaving the hotel, he was shot.
As he was leaving, I invited him for dinner.
As he was premature, he was weak; now he is smart.
As he was seriously ill a doctor was called.
As he was so tired, he fell fast asleep.
As he was studying, the door was suddenly flung open.
As he was tired, he was lying on the sofa with his eyes closed.
As he was walking toward the train, his bag got caught on the turnstile.
As he watched that scene, he remembered what she said.
As he waxes poetic about Ukrainian Nazis, Putin is dismantling Jewish life in Russia, leading to another mass exodus of Jews from the country.
As head of state, I request Your Holiness to apologize. I do not understand how you can say that Christianity was not imposed, when one arrived here with arquebuses and entered with bloodshed, lead, and fire. The bones of indigenous martyrs are still warm in these countries.
As head of the sales team she reports only to the managing director.
As head of the team I was ably assisted by him.
As heaven maintains its vigorous motion, the noble person should strive for continuous self-improvement. As the earth's nature is receptive and nurturing, the noble person should cultivate great virtue to support and carry all things.
As heavy as you are, the ice will break.
As her boyfriend is very busy she has to set a meeting to talk to him online.
As her car hit the lamp post, Mary broke both legs, and her head and arms were badly cut up as her body went partway through the windshield.
As her carriage, therefore, stopped, the arm of the attentive husband was ready to assist Lady Ashton in dismounting.
As her motto, she wrote "better to die young than to get old" on her motorcycle.
As he’s just up on his high horse again.
As his 5-year term drew to its close, the president centered his attention on 5 large projects: infrastructure, jobs, access to electricity and clean water, education, and health.
As his Washington Post obituary pointed out, Mr. Thomas "came to regret" not asking Swanson to give him, instead, a penny for each dinner sold.
As his basement apartment's windows were all below grade, Phil worried about flooding.
As his condition deteriorated rapidly, however, he was transferred to Children's Hospital of Michigan after less than a week and placed on life support.
As his eyes ran over the paper, his jaw fell.
As his lips got bluer, I nervously waited for the ambulance.
As homework, the pupils will be writing a report.
As human beings are social animals, friendship is an essential part of life.
As human beings, we're all in the dark as far as the final hour of our life is concerned.
As humans age, their physical strength declines.
As humans breath, they exhale carbon dioxide.
As humans have moved closer to forestlands, increased fire suppression practices have reduced natural fires and led to denser vegetation, resulting in fires that are larger and more damaging when they do occur.
As humans keep pets, like hamsters, cats, and dogs, it would not be unthinkable that higher beings could keep humans as pets without them knowing it. Whether these "higher beings" are aliens or are different from God is anyone's guess.
As humans live with cats and dogs, it will be possible that humans may not be so superfluous when there will be artificial intelligence that surpasses human intelligence. We may still coexist.
As humans we share the desire to test our personal limits in search of how far we can go.
As if I didn't know that!
As if I would cover for you!
As if I'm going up there again.
As if a cat could let go of its meat!
As if anyone would believe you!
As if by magic, everything went silent.
As if by magic, it disappeared in an instant.
As if fleeing, he left the vegetable aisle to go to the meat corner.
As if free food weren't enough of a draw for most college students, the spread of turkey, mashed potatoes, green bean casserole, and, of course, pumpkin pie, lures in both those who are familiar and those who are curious.
As if having Ziri in my class wasn't bad enough, I found out that he was the son of the mayor.
As if he had spent the night outdoors.
As if in reply, the animal raised his long ears and pointed them at his interlocutor.
As if it changes anything.
As if it didn't matter.
As if it does not exist.
As if it had no value.
As if it were the most natural thing in the world, I told him that I loved him.
As if it were unimportant.
As if it weren't enough already!
As if it weren’t enough already!
As if that wasn't enough, James was hitting on Amanda's daughter.
As if they would talk.
As if they're interested in society as a whole.
As if we didn't have enough opponents!
As if you actually wrote this book!
As if you could guess correctly!
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.
As if you did it! I don't believe you.
As if you were the owner.
As if!
As if! I absolutely won't cry!
As in 1872, so in 2021: England and Scotland played out a goalless draw.
As in Eastern Europe, pollution in China is getting worse and worse.
As in England, it was quite possible to buy a house, provided one gave up on the idea of buying a home one liked at a reasonable price.
As in other cities, some protesters are calling for the police to be defunded.
As in other countries, accreditation in the U.S. is a stamp that a college or university meets basic standards.
As in past years, Rwanda comes out on top in the rankings, with more than 61 percent women parliamentarians. Senegal in ninth position outranks 10th placed Norway, with nearly 42 percent female representation.
As in the Bible, man may not be always perfect.
As in the previously mentioned case with the farmer, the mentality of contraception and family planning seems unnatural.
As incredible as it may seem, she ordered a knuckle of ham with sauerkraut.
As incredible as it seems, he is a really strong guy.
As innocent as a babe unborn.
As is always the fashion at sea, the passengers shortly began to pick up sailor terms—a sign that they were beginning to feel at home.
As is being said, most airplane accidents occur at landing or takeoff stages.
As is commonly known, the smarter person is the one to give in first. That's easier for an adult to do than for a teenager. You won't be crowned with laurels for winning a fight with your own child.
As is commonplace with young people, he doesn't care about money.
As is evident from the data, smoking is not decreasing among the young.
As is his way, he eats reading a newspaper.
As is often said, it is difficult to adjust yourself to a new environment.
As is often the case with 13 to 19 year olds, she fell in love.
As is often the case with 13 to 19 year olds, she's conceited.
As is often the case with Americans, he does not care for raw fish.
As is often the case with educated people, he likes classical music better than jazz.
As is often the case with educated people, he likes classical music better than popular music.
As is often the case with foreigners, John dislikes nattou.
As is often the case with her, she broke her promise.
As is often the case with her, she didn't show up on time.
As is often the case with her, she didn’t show up on time.
As is often the case with her, she was late for the meeting this afternoon.
As is often the case with him, he came late.
As is often the case with him, he cheated in that exam.
As is often the case with him, he didn't show up on time.
As is often the case with him, he didn’t show up on time.
As is often the case with him, he left his textbook at home.
As is often the case with him, he made a mistake.
As is often the case with him, he sits up late at night.
As is often the case with him, he was late again.
As is often the case with him, he was late for class today.
As is often the case with him, he was late for class.
As is often the case with him, he was late for school.
As is often the case with him, he was late.
As is often the case with him, he went to the office without shaving.
As is often the case with old people, my grandfather keeps early hours.
As is often the case with teenagers, she's conceited.
As is often the case with young men, he does not pay much attention to his health.
As is often the case with young men, he is indifferent to money.
As is often the case with young people, John is mad about pop music.
As is often the case with young people, he was indifferent to money.
As is often the case, Mike was late for the meeting this afternoon.
As is often the case, he eats while reading a newspaper.
As is often the case, he was late for school.
As is often the case, she's not here.
As is often the case, the boy ran away from home.
As is quite common for teenagers aged from 13 to 19, she's conceited.
As is quite common for teenagers aged from 13 to 19, she's full of herself.
As is quite common for teenagers aged from 13 to 19, she's vain.
As is the case with him, he reported the event.
As is the master, so is the servant.
As is the wont of seamen, to beguile their toil one of them sang a song, in the chorus of which the others joined at intervals.
As is to be expected as part of the disciplinary action Tanaka received, his bonus was decreased.
As is usual with a sailor, he likes liquor very much.
As is usual with him Mike was late for the meeting this afternoon.
As is usual with him, he arrived a quarter of an hour late.
As is usual, Bob came to school late this morning.
As is usual, he is aggressive.
As is usual, he is challenging.
As is usual, he is combative.
As is usual, he is defiant.
As is written in the Gita: Fulfill your duties without desiring their fruit.
As it became warmer, I took off my jumper.
As it began to rain, I had just left the house.
As it began to rain, I ran into my house.
As it circles closer to the solar surface, Parker is making new discoveries that other spacecraft were too far away to see.
As it got colder, I began to want a sweater.
As it got warmer, I took off the sweater.
As it had been written in haste, the report was poor.
As it happened, I had no money with me.
As it happened, I left my homework at home.
As it happened, my grandmother was not at home that day.
As it happened, my grandmother was not at home.
As it happens, I don't have any money with me today.
As it happens, I don’t have any money with me today.
As it happens, I have left the book at home.
As it happens, I have left the camera at home.
As it happens, I have no money with me now.
As it happens, it is also a palindrome day on the calendar, the 33rd day of 2020, with 333 days left in the year as well.
As it happens, she is absent.
As it happens, they've already paid us.
As it is Sunday, I have no work to do.
As it is above, so it is below.
As it is already night, retire to your homes.
As it is cold, you may keep your overcoat on.
As it is fine, I'll go out.
As it is fine, I’ll go out.
As it is for one, so it is for me.
As it is late, turn off the TV.
As it is now, many schoolchildren own a dictionary but don't really know what to do with it.
As it is the wedding of my younger brother I have no other choice but to attend it.
As it is very hot today, I don't feel like studying.
As it is very hot today, I don’t feel like studying.
As it is written in simple English, this book is easy to read.
As it is written, the birds are preparing to launch an attack on us as we speak!
As it is, I am awake.
As it is, I can do nothing.
As it is, I can not pay you.
As it is, I can't do anything.
As it is, I can't pay you.
As it is, I cannot pay you.
As it is, many pupils own a dictionary, but don't know how to use it properly.
As it is, ordinary people cannot afford to purchase such luxuries.
As it is, prices are going up every week.
As it is, you are awake.
As it oxidizes, the color turns blue and finally becomes a brilliant reddish-purple hue.
As it passed a truck tore down the traffic light.
As it stands now, things aren't too good.
As it stands now, we have to work this weekend.
As it stands, my life is ideal.
As it turned out, Mary was able to do what she thought she wouldn't be able to do.
As it turned out, Tom and Mary were able to do what they thought they wouldn't be able to do.
As it turned out, Tom and Mary were willing to help us.
As it turned out, Tom was able to do what he thought he wouldn't be able to do.
As it turned out, Tom was willing to help us.
As it turned out, he knew everything about me.
As it turned out, it wasn't only Rima's looks that attracted boys to her.
As it turns out, their skills were not needed.
As it was a less developed country, I couldn't enjoy the plumbing that I was used to.
As it was cloudy, we could not enjoy the view.
As it was getting dark, one could see the stars starting to come out.
As it was getting dark, we had to turn on our lights.
As it was getting even hotter, Tom took off another layer of clothes.
As it was getting late when they left the grotto, the sun being already very low, they drove their goats and sheep homeward, and from that time forth, the one longing in Chloe's mind was to see Daphnis bathe again.
As it was hot in the summer, you only walked in the shade.
As it was late at night and I was very tired, I put up at an inn.
As it was late, I went home.
As it was late, the decision was postponed until the following day.
As it was past 8 p.m. we called it a day.
As it was printed in haste, the book has many misprints.
As it was raining hard, I decided to stay the night.
As it was raining, I took a taxi.
As it was raining, we stayed at home.
As it was written in haste, the book has many faults.
As it was, his story needed a lot of cleaning up, but it really tapped into something deep.
As it were, the problem is solved.
As it's not a very safe area, I want to get home before it's late.
As it's stopped raining, we can go home.
As it's very hot, the tea can't be drunk.
As it's your birthday, we're going to sing you a song.
As its name suggests, the leatherback is the only sea turtle that doesn't have a hard bony shell.
As it’s your birthday, we’re going to sing you a song.
As just introduced, I'm Tom.
As kids on sunny Lulu Island, we used to make "shrunken apple heads" of apples from the backyard. We carved, then dried them hanging in a closet. It was either very quiet, or pop music would be blaring from the radio.
As kids we used to love visiting grandma because she always had a large tin of biscuits in her kitchen.
As kids, we buried our candy stash in an old ammo box in the woods.
As kids, we often played by the abandoned lighthouse.
As languages are living organisms, actual usage matters to me much more than the rules.
As late as the 19th century, it was still common practice in central Europe to eat with your fingers instead of a knife and fork.
As liberty of thought is absolute, so is liberty of speech, which is "inseparable" from the liberty of thought. Liberty of speech, moreover, is essential not only for its own sake but for the sake of truth, which requires absolute liberty for the utterance of unpopular and even demonstrably false opinions.
As life is inherently imperfect, we all are flawed human beings.
As likely as not, whales will be extinct by the end of this century.
As long ago as that?!
As long as Claudio stayed inside, he was safe.
As long as Colysaeus stands, Rome stands; when Colysaeus falls, Rome and the world fall.
As long as I breathe, I hope.
As long as I find a job.
As long as I have a want, I have a reason for living. Satisfaction is death.
As long as I have fresh bread and coffee I'm content.
As long as I have not committed a novel, it is as if I were watering the desert. In fact, I am crippled, especially since they burned our hearts, not to mention that they "roasted our livers". I knew it would come to this, when bad geniuses stirred insane minds.
As long as I know the money is safe, I will not worry about it.
As long as I live, I will never forget visiting Rome.
As long as I live, I won't let it happen.
As long as I live, I'll never let you do that!
As long as I live, do not tell anyone about it!
As long as I live, you shall want for nothing.
As long as I stick to beer, I don't usually get too drunk.
As long as I write, I live.
As long as I'm going to be in Boston, I'll try to see if I can visit Tom.
As long as I'm going to be in London, I ought to see a play or two.
As long as I'm here, I might as well help you.
As long as I've come this far, I'll see it through.
As long as I've got Tom by my side, I'm fine.
As long as I've known about the existence of the university, I've wanted to go there.
As long as I’m going to be in London, I ought to see a play or two.
As long as I’ve come this far, I’ll see it through.
As long as Tom is with you, I'm not worried.
As long as Tom stays here, I'll stay here, too.
As long as Zionism exists, no peace could be achieved in the Middle East.
As long as a bear is relatively inactive, and is not exposed to wind, it does not burn excessive energy in cold weather.
As long as a person is there, I want to try to give them everything I have.
As long as a woman can look ten years younger than her own daughter, she is perfectly satisfied.
As long as basic needs are met, there's no need to worry.
As long as both parties keep talking, there's still hope.
As long as good people do nothing, evil will triumph.
As long as greed exists, there will be war.
As long as he doesn't change his stance, he won't listen to anybody else's opinion.
As long as he is honest, any boy will do.
As long as he stays, I will be happy.
As long as he's on his side.
As long as intolerance exists, there will be war.
As long as it doesn't freeze!
As long as it doesn't get cold, it's okay.
As long as it doesn't interrupt the game!
As long as it doesn't snow!
As long as it doesn't spoil the weekend!
As long as it doesn’t freeze!
As long as it doesn’t get cold, it’s okay.
As long as it doesn’t interrupt the game!
As long as it doesn’t rain, I’m going for a run later.
As long as it doesn’t snow!
As long as it doesn’t spoil the weekend!
As long as it is cheap, any watch will do.
As long as it is used judiciously, the Google translator is a valuable tool for the translation work of anyone who has reasonable knowledge of the source and target languages they are dealing with.
As long as it takes.
As long as it was winter, he did not go outdoors.
As long as it's cheap, any watch will do.
As long as it's free, people will come.
As long as it's not a fatal mistake, it is ok to fail.
As long as it's not too much of a bother, people like to be nice to other people.
As long as my hair looks good! That's important to me.
As long as one is young, all thoughts belong to love - later all love belongs to thoughts.
As long as passion burns within us, we will fight.
As long as people are people, there will always be a stage for tragedy.
As long as people have deep convictions, there will be wars.
As long as the Colossus stands, so shall Rome; when the Colossus falls, Rome shall fall; when Rome falls, so falls the world.
As long as the Forest stands it will be a home, a refuge and a playground to these sweet immortals, who revel undisturbed in its depths.
As long as the champagne is flowing, Tom is happy.
As long as the embers remain, the fire endures.
As long as the whole world has not reached happiness, individual happiness is impossible.
As long as there are embers, the fire persists.
As long as there are flowers, children and birds in the world, don't be afraid. It means that everything is fine.
As long as there are no traffic jams, we should be there at 8.
As long as there are politicians, there will be no peace on Earth.
As long as there are slaughter houses there will always be battlefields.
As long as there are sovereign nations possessing great power, war is inevitable.
As long as there are still children in the world, there will still be a future for clowns.
As long as there are still embers, the fire persists.
As long as there is life, there is hope.
As long as there's life, there is hope.
As long as there's life, there's hope.
As long as there's no meat, anything is fine.
As long as there’s life, there is hope.
As long as they were still children, they did not have to care for anything.
As long as they're not doing it in public, let 'em go for it.
As long as they're still negotiating, there's still hope.
As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination. When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.
As long as we are not aware, they or all of us, our society, theirs, our whole life would be the one that the dogs, wanting no more, would offer to the hyenas.
As long as we can maintain an army, we have a homeland.
As long as we cannot deem it safe, we shouldn't take the risk.
As long as we consider only the growth of goods and ignore the growth of personal and community well-being, we will be impoverished by growth.
As long as we have strong legs. Where would you like us to go, friend?
As long as we have water and electricity, we'll be fine.
As long as we live, our heart never stops beating.
As long as we live, we have to work.
As long as we live, we should work.
As long as we love each other, we'll be all right.
As long as we love each other, we’ll be all right.
As long as we win, I'll be happy.
As long as we're all just hanging around chatting, may I make a suggestion? Get back to work!
As long as we're together, all the sorrow is nothing but an occasion to become closer.
As long as we're together, we'll make it back alive.
As long as we've driven this far, we might as well go on.
As long as we’re all just hanging around chatting, may I make a suggestion? Get back to work!
As long as whatever's inside isn't broken, I won't complain.
As long as you are born from it, there is no escape from its laws.
As long as you are by my side, I'm happy.
As long as you are here, we might as well begin.
As long as you are in my house, you have to abide by my rules.
As long as you are thinking about the pros and cons of a relationship, I don't think you can call it love.
As long as you are thinking about the pros and cons of a relationship, you can't call it love.
As long as you are with him, you can't be happy.
As long as you are with him, you can’t be happy.
As long as you believe in at least one god, you're not an atheist.
As long as you come.
As long as you do what you've been told, we'll have absolutely no problem.
As long as you do your duty, you don't need to worry about malicious words.
As long as you don't listen to the Siren's song, you'll be safe.
As long as you don't rush, you can help me a little.
As long as you don't tell Tom where it is, I'm sure he won't find it.
As long as you don’t bend over, no one can ever get on your back.
As long as you finish eating your food, then you can play with your friends.
As long as you have a degree of patience, you can acquire any language.
As long as you have hope, a chance remains.
As long as you have lots of money, you have lots of friends.
As long as you have someone you love from the heart, you have a motivating force and you can face the entire world.
As long as you keep quiet, you can stay here.
As long as you keep quiet, you can stay in this room.
As long as you know that.
As long as you live in my house, you'll follow my rules.
As long as you live nothing is final.
As long as you live under my roof you will live by my rules.
As long as you live under my roof, you're going to live by my rules.
As long as you remember to do that, you'll be OK.
As long as you stick to one style, you can't hit upon a wonderful idea.
As long as you stick to one style, you can’t hit upon a wonderful idea.
As long as you won't face the truth, you will cry in vain.
As long as you won’t face the truth, you will cry in vain.
As long as you're able to in the end then it's all good.
As long as you're here, I won't feel lonely.
As long as you're here, I'll stay.
As long as you're here, could you help me?
As long as you're here, help out.
As long as you're here, we might as well begin.
As long as you're here, why don't you help me?
As long as you're here, why don't you show Tom how to do what he's trying to do.
As long as you're here, why don't you stay for dinner?
As long as you're here, you'd better take a bath.
As long as you're in my house, you have to abide by my rules.
As long as you're in my house, you have to live by my rules.
As long as you're talking to me, it's fine, but as soon as you stop, I get hungry.
As long as you're under 18, you can't vote.
As long as you're younger than eighteen years old, I'm responsible for you.
As long as you’re here, I’ll stay.
As long as you’re here, you’d better take a bath.
As long as you’re talking to me, it’s fine, but as soon as you stop, I get hungry.
As long as you’ve prepared, you won’t have any problems.
As long the Colosseum stands, Rome will stand; when the Colosseum falls, Rome and the world will fall.
As loyal as a dog. Why not as a man?
As luck has it, I have access to an outstanding library.
As luck would have it, Providence was on my side.
As luck would have it, a steamer passed by and they were saved.
As machines progressively outperform humans in nonphysical and even physical activities, humans will realize that just being or existing is the key to life.
As many as 300 pangolins are poached every day, destined for markets in Vietnam and China, where their meat is considered a delicacy and their scales believed to have medicinal properties.
As many as 400 passengers were killed in the crash.
As many as 90% of the world's languages are likely to disappear by the end of this century.
As many as a thousand people were there.
As many as fifty students gathered to hear his lecture.
As many as ten people live in this small house.
As many as ten people saw the accident.
As many as ten students failed the exam.
As many as ten students stood up all at once.
As many as twenty students were absent.
As many languages you know, as many times you are a human being.
As many men as came were caught.
As many men as came were welcomed.
As many people have become more conscious about natural foods and healthy eating habits, some see wearing naturally dyed fabrics as another step toward a healthier lifestyle.
As mariners sailed the seas and the oceans on Earth in ancient times, many envision that before long, humans will be really space travellers.
As may be expected of an expert, he's well versed in the field.
As may be expected of an expert, he’s well versed in the field.
As medical technology improves, people are living longer.
As mitigation, it could have been you.
As monotheists converted natives in the Philippines, Animism became relegated to the hinterlands. Nevertheless, urban people still practice and believe in some Animism, such as the "tikbalang" or the werehorse.
As more and more cars crowd the roads, the sound of ringing bells and squeaky bike wheels is fading in the 21st century. But instead of making travel easier, cars have lengthened the daily commute of the average Chinese employee.
As more and more houses were built around the lake, the lake became more and more polluted.
As more extreme weather takes its toll around the world, computer giant IBM says it is making a breakthrough in making precision weather forecasting available to everyone.
As more paper money came into use, the value fell.
As more people across the US stay home due to the threat of the coronavirus, they are learning to adapt to a new way of life.
As more sea ice and glaciers melt, the global sea level rises.
As more time passed, these Creoles became separate languages: Spanish, French, Italian, etc.
As most big-city dwellers know, parking in public garages during a busy weekday can be very frustrating.
As most of the world was warming up between 1910 and 1980, some areas south of the equator near the Andes were actually cooling down, and then afterwards had no change at all until the middle 1990s.
As much as 90 percent of happiness comes from elements such as attitude, life control and relationships.
As much as I hated to admit it, I was worried.
As much as I like football, I prefer tennis.
As much as I like you, I think you can be a total jerk at times.
As much as I tried, I never managed to beat the final boss.
As much as I would like to help you, I can't.
As much as I'd like to tell you, I can't.
As much as I'd love to buy it for you, I'm currently out of cash.
As much as I'd love to, there are certainly many things still holding me back.
As much as Saudi Arabia is not Islam and doesn't represent Muslims, Israel is neither the Jewish people nor does it or should it represent the Jewish religion.
As much as Tom tried to forget Mary, he couldn't.
As much as men are attracted to very feminine women, women, too, are attracted to masculine men.
As much as possible, I don't work on weekends.
As much as she hated Gilbert, however, did she love Diana, with all the love of her passionate little heart, equally intense in its likes and dislikes.
As much as squares are not circles, men are not women and women are not men.
As much as the United States gives itself the right to fly soldiers to the heart of the Asian continents to fight "terror," other powerful nations, too, have the right to defend their strategic interests.
As much comfort as it may give you to hold the same opinions as the carefully-selected kangaroo court of some random Virginia county where neither the plaintiff nor the defendant lived, the fact remains that the decision was legally baseless.
As much electricity is produced as we consume.
As my father and my grandfather have many siblings, there are a lot of kids in our family.
As my granddad used to say, "I am your granddad!"
As my life partner, it was his duty to tell me things I didn't want to hear.
As my mother used to tell me, reality has a way of catching up with you.
As my room faces south, it doesn't get too cold even in winter.
As my room faces south, it is not so cold even in winter.
As my room faces south, it's not too cold even in winter.
As my senses were coming back to me, the sound of footsteps filled my ears.
As my shorts were considered indecent, I was denied entry.
As my teacher says, you cannot please both Greeks and Trojans.
As my watch was slow, I missed the special express.
As new competitors and predators arrive, even the most abundant Arctic species in the northern Barents Sea, the local Polar cod, could become extinct.
As night fell, Gustavo marveled at the starry sky peeking through the canopy of the woods.
As objects fall toward the black hole, they heat up and get very hot.
As of 1950, the European Coal and Steel Community began to unite European countries economically and politically in order to secure lasting peace.
As of 1991, the population of this city is around one million.
As of 2012, Maggi Seasoning is 125 years old.
As of 2024, Elon Musk has 12 children.
As of January 2011, Jupiter has 50 named moons. 13 more have been discovered but not given official status or names.
As of July 2018, 127 Palestinian children were detained in the Ofer prison.
As of June 1, 2025, the population of the autonomous republic was 471,608, an increase of 2,148 people or 0.5 percent compared to a year ago.
As of October 2019, 😂 has topped the 10 most frequently used emojis online, according to unicode.org.
As of Wednesday, 71.4% of Canadians had received at least one dose, with 57.6% having received two doses.
As of midnight tonight the contract becomes effective.
As of next month, prices will go down by 10%.
As of next week I am eating less.
As of now I'll be able to sleep peacefully.
As of now, I refuse to get involved with any sort of drama. It's very childish and annoying to say the least.
As of now, we unfortunately don't know anything about the offender.
As of the last meeting, the problem hasn't been dealt with.
As of this moment, I no longer consider you my friend.
As of this morning, the ad was still posted.
As of this week, the current average price had soared to $13,607.
As of today, we haven't had an answer from him.
As of today, we haven’t had an answer from him.
As of tomorrow, this e-mail address will be invalid.
As of tonight, I am no longer a virgin.
As of yet there has been no empirical research done on this subject.
As of yet, there is no method that can reliably cure all tumors.
As often as not, I lay awake all night.
As often as not, we lay awake all night.
As often as she tried, she failed.
As often happens, he slept right through the lesson.
As one ages, one's interests change.
As one cat-connoisseur to another, I can recommend the ginger tomcat down the road who gets let out in the afternoon and is quite friendly.
As one grows old, one becomes a light sleeper.
As one grows older they also become more inflexible.
As one grows older, one becomes more silent.
As one moves further south they enter a different cline.
As one of the organizers, I've been very busy.
As one who addresses a wall.
As one who, in a tangled brake apart, / on some lithe snake, unheeded in the briar, / hath trodden heavily, and with backward start / flies, trembling at the head uplift in ire / and blue neck, swoln in many a glittering spire. / So slinks Androgeus, shuddering with dismay.
As online shopping posts brisk growth in India, investors are pouring billions of dollars into e-commerce companies.
As our father got ill, we had to live on a small income.
As our fingers touched, I felt a shiver run through me.
As our taxi broke down on the way, we had to walk to the station.
As our time comes to an end, Tom, would you care to have the final word?
As our time comes to an end, Tom, would you like to have the last word?
As our vehicle leaves the ground and plunges over the edge of the cliff toward the valley floor, I ponder whether it is possible that one might allege I am guilty of an act of moral failure, having failed to maintain a proper course along the roadway.
As paradoxical as it may seem, defending tolerance requires to not tolerate the intolerant.
As parents grapple with ways to burn off their children’s extra energy, many choose to go outdoors for a walk.
As parents lose their employment, especially in developing countries, we often see more and more children pushed into child labor to try and help families just meet their basic needs.
As part of his push to boost trade with Africa, Johnson pledged an overhaul of Britain’s visa system, with an end to free movement of EU citizens after Brexit.
As part of its global art initiative, Swiss watch maker Swatch has selected Mozambican artist Walter Zandamela to create an artistic canvas showcasing his country at Expo Dubai 2020.
As part of its plan, the government of New South Wales is setting aside nearly 25,000 hectares of forest where koalas will be able to breed freely.
As part of my application to art school, here is my portfolio.
As part of the project, a series of round-table discussions will take place.
As part of their mission to explore Mars, NASA launched twin robotic rovers on June 10 and July 7, 2003. For landing, each rover was encased in a beachball-like apparatus with a parachute attached.
As peace is of all goodness, so war is an emblem, a hieroglyphic, of all misery.
As people age, they develop wrinkles.
As people age, we find it disconcerting to realize that increasing amounts of our skin and more of our body parts are hanging loosely about ourselves.
As people are still generally insufficiently educated, wars are still inevitable.
As people at the party got drunker and drunker, they became louder and louder.
As people get older, their brain cells become less efficient.
As people grow older, they often pay more attention to their health.
As people like honey, so likewise do bears.
As per the current Constitution, the President can serve two four-year terms.
As plants take in carbon dioxide for photosynthesis, they release water through evapotranspiration from their leaf pores, which helps them cool down in the hot sun.
As populations and cities grow, our once pristine view of the stars is being whitewashed by urban glow. Astronomers, whose view of the heavens is being dimmed, are complaining, but biologists are also decrying light pollution because they find it hurts wildlife development and possibly human health, too.
As potential source of biofuel in the United Arab Emirates, Boeing said it was looking at the viability of a halophyte plant that can be irrigated with seawater.
As presented to the earth the track of a planet is an elaborate epicycle; but Copernicus bade us transfer ourselves to the sun and look again.
As president of South Africa since 2018, Cyril Ramaphosa has dutifully delivered his annual address before Parliament, outlining government priorities in the year ahead.
As president of the National Association of Colored Women, Terrell supported the women’s suffrage movement, even picketing at the White House to demand equal treatment. After anti-discrimination laws were overturned in Washington in the 1890s, Terrell led a campaign to reinstate laws protecting African Americans. She continued to fight against segregation through boycotts and sit-ins. In 1953, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that segregated eating places in Washington were unconstitutional.
As president, Mr. Jackson plans to revitalize the economy.
As president, Thomas Jefferson refused to issue Thanksgiving proclamations, even though he had done so as governor of Virginia.
As president, he has every right to do this.
As propellant blasts out of the rocket in one direction, it pushes the spacecraft in the other.
As propositions may be true or false, so also opinion or judgment or conception, may be true or false: for opinion or judgment is only the concluding result of deliberation or reflection — and reflection is the silent dialogue of the mind with itself: while conception or phantasy is the coalescence or conjunction of opinion with present perception.
As quick as a wink.
As recent research shows, the life expectancy in Japan is consistently increasing.
As recently as 2003, a big geomagnetic storm during that period we call the Halloween Storms produced a blackout in Malmo, Sweden, and damaged transformers in the Eskom network in South Africa.
As recently as a hundred years ago, no one could have thought of anything like that.
As recently as ten years ago, a narrow bridge crossed this river.
As regards result, you don't have to worry.
As regards result, you don’t have to worry.
As regards the expense involved, it is of no concern to me.
As regards the matter, I know nothing.
As regards the result, you need not worry so much.
As requested, we are submitting our final report.
As required by federal law, I've signed the Certificate of Ascertainment for the slate of electors for Joe Biden and Kamala Harris.
As restrictions on travel and other movement by citizens are eased in the Chinese city of Wuhan — once, the epicenter of the world-wide coronavirus outbreak — health officials say they must remain vigilant against a resurgence of the virus.
As rising heat and pressure push that material away from the Sun, it reaches a point where gravity and magnetic fields are too weak to contain it.
As rust eats iron, so care eats the heart.
As said by Dag, I wrote, "It was the most delicious." on the guest-book of the restaurant yesterday.
As said by the Lojban Group and the law, Lojban is equal to Loglan.
As science advances as some describe it, into itself, - by creating technology which is then subsequently of a higher complexity than the ideas it is to help explain - complications often can arise, such as a need for higher education for those who utilise it. This may not be a negative complication in itself, but gives rise to another problem: that this causes education about the subject's fundamentals to be sacrificed for the training in the utilisation of ever changing technology.
As science makes progress, old ways give place to new.
As science went further and further into the external world, they ended up inside the atom where to their surprise they saw consciousness staring them in the face.
As scientists get better at sifting through our past, more and more variations of human beings are turning up in archaeological digs.
As scientists keep insisting, there is neither good nor bad in any scientific discovery.
As scientists learn about our neighboring worlds, they realize how forbidding these places can be. They also document how wonderful our Earth is and how accommodating it is for life. Earth is our oasis in space.
As sea level rises, some areas will no longer be habitable and maybe some homes and other structures will be removed.
As self-proclaimed twins, they did not stop rejoicing in each other.
As she aged, the veins on her legs took on a spidery appearance.
As she arrived at school, she realised that she'd forgotten her chemistry textbook.
As she boarded the train, he was terrified that he had contracted an STD.
As she couldn't pay for a ticket, the driver asked her to get off the bus.
As she couldn’t pay for a ticket, the driver asked her to get off the bus.
As she doesn't want to be cheated again, she's always on the alert.
As she entered the room, he sat up in his bed.
As she feels deep sorrow at her cat's death, let her be.
As she feels deep sorrow at her cat’s death, let her be.
As she fetched Dima the suit, the shopkeeper noticed smears of blood on his shirt, and couldn't help but stare in shock.
As she fetched Dima the suit, the shopkeeper noticed smears of blood on his shirt, and couldn’t help but stare in shock.
As she grew older, she became more beautiful.
As she grew older, she grew prettier.
As she grew up, she became more and more beautiful.
As she grew up, she became prettier.
As she hasn't written to me, I don't know what time she will arrive.
As she hasn’t written to me, I don’t know what time she will arrive.
As she heard the knocking she thought her parents were coming home.
As she is a lady, so he is a gentleman.
As she looked around to see what she had done she began to cry.
As she sang with all her heart, the audience was deeply moved.
As she spoke about her family, his eyes started to get wet.
As she stepped through the door, my heart began to beat faster.
As she stood there with one foot on the loaf and was lifting up the other for the next step, the loaf sank deeper and deeper with her till she entirely disappeared. Nothing was to be seen but a black bubbling pool.
As she used to do.
As she wanted to ask a question, she raised her hand.
As she was doing this, they said to her:— "Cinderella, would you not be glad to go to the ball?" "Young ladies," she said, "you only jeer at me; it is not for such as I am to go there." 
"You are right," they replied; "people would laugh to see a Cinderwench at a ball."
As she was dying, she tried to write the murderer's name with her own blood.
As she was eagerly telling her godmother all that happened at the ball, her two sisters knocked at the door; Cinderella opened it.
As she was going through the wood, she met Gaffer Wolf, who had a very great mind to eat her up; but he dared not, because of some fagot-makers hard by in the forest. He asked her whither she was going. The poor child, who did not know that it was dangerous to stay and hear a wolf talk, said to him:— "I am going to see my grandmother, and carry her a custard and a little pot of butter from my mamma.
As she was ill, she couldn't come into the office.
As she was ill, she couldn't come to the office.
As she was in a hurry, she caught a taxi.
As she was in a hurry, she took a taxi.
As she was leaving me, she said that she would never forget me.
As she was pulling out of the parking space, she hit the bumper of the car in front of her.
As she was really busy, she couldn't come.
As she was really busy, she couldn’t come.
As she was tied and gagged in the dark room, Layla was moaning and she could hear a person moan back.
As she was wondering what she should do next the king's son came riding by, and, seeing Elsa, sprang from his horse, and took her by the hand.
As she watched, the birds, especially Chizuko's golden crane, looked alive in a light autumn breeze.
As she watched, the birds, especially Chizuko’s golden crane, looked alive in a light autumn breeze.
As she's a very practical person, she often fixes her friends' cars.
As she's quit drinking, she's lost some weight.
As she’s a very practical person, she often fixes her friends’ cars.
As she’s quit drinking, she’s lost some weight.
As shown above, it is possible to obtain ample profit and customers with truly simple know-how that anyone can do!
As silver and gold are tried in a furnace, so are choice hearts with the Lord.
As singers go, she is among the best in the country.
As singers go, she's one of the best in the country.
As so often happens in localization, part of the original meaning of the game was lost.
As so often happens, someone got there before me.
As so often, someone got there before me.
As soap is to the body, so laughter is to the soul.
As soldiers they went to the front.
As some compensation for what we have lost, we have surely a right to carry off this heedless goatherd, who understands his calling so badly that he pastures his goats on the sea-shore.
As somebody said.
As someone who grew up both in the Philippines and North America, I saw statuettes of the fat Maitreya Buddha in ceramic and wood. They intrigued me. I could not foretell then my future involvement with Buddhism in its multiple forms.
As someone with a keen eye to lingering class and race issues, Kibuuka launched into banter about political rallies in his adopted homeland.
As soon as Alberto noticed Isabella, she quickly hid.
As soon as David mentioned money, Amanda hung up.
As soon as Donald exited the door, Jessica walked in.
As soon as Edmundo was out of earshot, Melissa told the principal that she saw him take a knife out of his locker.
As soon as I arrived I made an attempt to find my host, but the two or three people of whom I asked his whereabouts stared at me in such an amazed way, and denied so vehemently any knowledge of his movements, that I slunk off in the direction of the cocktail table—the only place in the garden where a single man could linger without looking purposeless and alone.
As soon as I arrived at the destination, I called Tom.
As soon as I arrived at the destination, I called him.
As soon as I came I washed the dishes, so how come you ask me to leave?!
As soon as I can afford it, I plan to travel around the world.
As soon as I can afford to buy a house, I will.
As soon as I can figure out how to send money, I'll send you some.
As soon as I can figure out how to send money, I’ll send you some.
As soon as I can get a decent video camera, I'll start making videos to put online.
As soon as I can get a decent video camera, I’ll start making videos to put online.
As soon as I can get my son to scan our family photos, I'll upload some of them to our website.
As soon as I can get my son to scan our family photos, I’ll upload some of them to our website.
As soon as I can get the chance, I'll come for a visit.
As soon as I can get the chance, I'll help your mother paint the fence.
As soon as I can get the chance, I'll send you some money.
As soon as I can get the chance, I’ll come for a visit.
As soon as I can get the chance, I’ll help your mother paint the fence.
As soon as I can get the chance, I’ll send you some money.
As soon as I earn five stars in Esperanto, I want to tackle Latin.
As soon as I entered my office, I saw that the safe had been blown open.
As soon as I entered the class, the students began asking me questions.
As soon as I entered the class, the students started asking questions.
As soon as I entered the classroom, the students started asking questions.
As soon as I felt the train begin to move, I opened my book and started reading it.
As soon as I felt the train begin to move, I opened my book and started reading.
As soon as I find it, I'll bring it over to your place.
As soon as I find it, I’ll bring it over to your place.
As soon as I find out, I'll let you know.
As soon as I finish doing this, I'm out of here.
As soon as I finish my job, I'll come back.
As soon as I finish writing the report, I'll send it to you.
As soon as I finish, I am going out.
As soon as I get home, I'll have a bath.
As soon as I get home, I'm having a bath.
As soon as I get home, I’m going to start watching that series.
As soon as I get in the car, I'll phone you.
As soon as I get it, I'll forward it to you.
As soon as I get my trailer back from my son, I'm going to take a load of rubbish to the tip.
As soon as I get paid I will pay you back.
As soon as I get paid, I'll pay you back.
As soon as I get the chance, I'll pop round for a visit.
As soon as I get to Boston, I'll call you.
As soon as I get to Boston, I'll give you a call.
As soon as I get to Hokkaido, I'll drop you a line.
As soon as I get to Hokkaido, I’ll drop you a line.
As soon as I get to London, I'll drop you a line.
As soon as I get to London, I’ll drop you a line.
As soon as I get up, I fix the coffee.
As soon as I get up, I have a shower.
As soon as I get up, I take a shower.
As soon as I got home, I went to bed.
As soon as I got home, it began to rain.
As soon as I got home, my sister went out.
As soon as I got home, the telephone rang.
As soon as I got out, I kicked the wall.
As soon as I have a dog, I'll start going for walks frequently.
As soon as I have a dog, I’ll start going for walks frequently.
As soon as I have finished reading the book, I will lend it to you.
As soon as I have it, I'll forward it to you.
As soon as I have written the letter I will rush to the post office.
As soon as I hung up, the phone started ringing again.
As soon as I know, I'll let you know.
As soon as I left home, I came across her in the street.
As soon as I left home, I ran into her.
As soon as I left home, it began to rain.
As soon as I let go of the lead, the dog ran away.
As soon as I let go of the leash, the dog ran away.
As soon as I look away, Tom will stick a knife in my back.
As soon as I manage to socially accustom myself to the people around me, I turn nauseous and enthusiastically pull myself back to my own.
As soon as I met Tom, I knew we'd get on well.
As soon as I opened the notebook, I realized that my notes had disappeared.
As soon as I opened the refrigerator, I forgot what was needed.
As soon as I picked up the box, I knew that it was empty.
As soon as I put the mole on the ground, it started to dig.
As soon as I received the cheque, I went to the bank.
As soon as I remember where to find those explanations, I'll let you know.
As soon as I return to my beloved Thessaloniki, I will throw a stone towards Mustafa Kemal's house.
As soon as I sat down, I fell asleep.
As soon as I sat in the barber's chair, he asked me how much I wanted off.
As soon as I saw Tom, I could tell he was angry.
As soon as I saw Tom, I could tell that he was angry.
As soon as I saw him, I burst into laughter.
As soon as I see him, I'll kill him.
As soon as I speak Dutch well, I will chat with Flemish women.
As soon as I started running, I felt a twinge of pain in my side.
As soon as I turned away, he disappeared.
As soon as I was done with my homework, I went to watch TV.
As soon as I was just walking out the door, I remembered my keys were on the table.
As soon as I went out, it began to rain.
As soon as I woke up, the headache returned.
As soon as I'm back in Shanghai, I'll cook up a delicious meal of rice noodles with crab.
As soon as I've finished doing that, I'll help you.
As soon as I've grilled the fish, you can taste it.
As soon as Jack saw her, he burst out crying.
As soon as Jim got home, he crawled into bed.
As soon as Jim got home, he made a beeline for the rest room.
As soon as Lorenzo stepped in, the motion-sensor lights turned on.
As soon as Lukas cleared the door, Amelia slammed it shut and told him to follow her to the living room.
As soon as Mary finished eating, she left for work.
As soon as Mary gets here, I'll tell her.
As soon as Mary has finished doing that, she'll go home.
As soon as Mary heard the phone, she answered it.
As soon as Mary saw Tom, she began to cry.
As soon as Michael got into the car, he burst out crying.
As soon as Pinocchio was in bed, he fell fast asleep and began to dream.
As soon as Robert got home, Sandra started scolding him.
As soon as Sami married Layla, he immediately began an affair with Salima.
As soon as Tobias felt safe, he ran.
As soon as Tom and Mary finished eating, they left for work.
As soon as Tom and Mary get here, I'll tell them.
As soon as Tom and Mary get here, we can start the meeting.
As soon as Tom and Mary get here, we'll eat.
As soon as Tom and Mary get here, we'll leave.
As soon as Tom and Mary get here, we'll start the meeting.
As soon as Tom and Mary have finished doing that, they'll go home.
As soon as Tom and Mary were alone, he told her the bad news.
As soon as Tom closed the front door behind him, he realised that his house keys were on the bench inside his apartment.
As soon as Tom comes, we'll begin.
As soon as Tom comes, we'll get started.
As soon as Tom comes, we'll start.
As soon as Tom finished eating, he got up and left the table.
As soon as Tom finished eating, he left for work.
As soon as Tom finished work, he went home.
As soon as Tom gets here, I'll tell him.
As soon as Tom gets here, we can start the meeting.
As soon as Tom gets here, we'll eat.
As soon as Tom gets here, we'll leave.
As soon as Tom gets here, we'll start the meeting.
As soon as Tom gets well, he plans to continue his journey.
As soon as Tom got Mary alone, he started kissing her.
As soon as Tom got Mary alone, he told her the bad news.
As soon as Tom got home, he took a shower.
As soon as Tom got home, he went right to bed.
As soon as Tom got home, he went to bed.
As soon as Tom got off the train, he saw Mary.
As soon as Tom got on the train and found a place to sit, he fell asleep.
As soon as Tom got on the train, the doors closed, and it started to move.
As soon as Tom got out of the bath, he ate dinner.
As soon as Tom got there, many people left.
As soon as Tom has finished doing that, he'll go home.
As soon as Tom has finished work, we'll do that.
As soon as Tom heard the gunshots, he ran out of the house.
As soon as Tom heard the news, he burst into tears.
As soon as Tom heard the phone, he answered it.
As soon as Tom laid eyes on Mary, he knew she was the one for him.
As soon as Tom opened the bag, he knew it wasn't his.
As soon as Tom opened the bag, he knew that it wasn't his.
As soon as Tom proposed to Mary, he knew it was a mistake.
As soon as Tom sat down, he started eating.
As soon as Tom saw Mary, he began to cry.
As soon as Tom saw Mary, he began to get nervous.
As soon as Tom saw Mary, he began to laugh.
As soon as Tom saw Mary, he began to smile.
As soon as Tom saw Mary, he burst into tears.
As soon as Tom saw me, he started laughing.
As soon as Tom saw me, he started to laugh.
As soon as Tom saw the police car, he started running.
As soon as Tom saw us, he ran away.
As soon as Tom saw us, he started running.
As soon as Tom turned on the TV, the fuse blew.
As soon as Tom turned up, I left.
As soon as Tom walked into my office, he started to ask questions.
As soon as Tom walked into the room, I knew there would be trouble.
As soon as Tom walked into the room, everyone started to look happy.
As soon as Tom walked out the door, Mary began to cry.
As soon as Tom walked out the door, the police started shooting.
As soon as Tom was left alone, he opened the letter.
As soon as William walked in, Sandra easily recognized him and smiled.
As soon as Yanni saw Skura's husband, his heart sank into his butt.
As soon as Yanni walked into the library, Skura motioned him over.
As soon as Ziri came into the room, he apologized.
As soon as Ziri got out of the car, it started to rain.
As soon as Ziri got out of the car, it started to snow.
As soon as Ziri made it home, he told his mom.
As soon as Ziri saw Rima, he jumped up in joy.
As soon as Ziri told Rima what happened to Walid, she calmed down.
As soon as Ziri turned away, Rima ran to her room.
As soon as Ziri walked in, Rima started to complain.
As soon as Ziri walked in, a girl bumped into him.
As soon as Ziri went into the room, Rima jumped on him.
As soon as Ziri went on the porch, the sound stopped.
As soon as a coin in the coffer rings, the soul from purgatory springs.
As soon as a man is born, his path already leads to death.
As soon as armistice was signed, its combatant soldiers were discharged, its weapon and ammunition were taken, these troops were made to become some staff lacking of war power.
As soon as everyone left, Tom opened the letter.
As soon as he arrived at the airport, he phoned his office.
As soon as he arrived in London, he sent me a telegram.
As soon as he arrived in the capital, he got settled at a hotel.
As soon as he arrived in the village, he went straight to see her.
As soon as he arrived, he demanded a meal.
As soon as he arrived, he turned back.
As soon as he arrives, I'll tell him.
As soon as he arrives, tell him to meet me in the living room.
As soon as he began to get near to the wood, all the great trees, the bushes, and brambles gave way of themselves to let him pass through. He walked up to the castle which he saw at the end of a large avenue; and you can imagine he was a good deal surprised when he saw none of his people following him, because the trees closed again as soon as he had passed through them.
As soon as he came in, this one went out.
As soon as he came, he started eating.
As soon as he caught sight of a policeman, he ran away.
As soon as he comes back, let me know.
As soon as he entered the classroom, our teacher burst into angry speech.
As soon as he felt his house shake, he rushed out into the garden.
As soon as he felt his house shake, he rushed out into the yard.
As soon as he finished eating, he began to walk again.
As soon as he finished his work, he went home.
As soon as he finishes his job, he'll come back.
As soon as he gets here, we're leaving.
As soon as he gets his degree, we'll take him out of Rome.
As soon as he gets home he collapses on the settee and watches football on TV.
As soon as he gives the sign, you have to fall into the river and call for help.
As soon as he got home, he began to play a computer game.
As soon as he got into his house his daughters came rushing round him, clapping their hands and showing their joy in every way.
As soon as he got off the train, he was met by his cousin.
As soon as he got on the bus, it began to move.
As soon as he got the novel, he began reading it.
As soon as he graduated from Keio University, he took over his family's business.
As soon as he graduated from Keio University, he took over his family’s business.
As soon as he graduated, he left town.
As soon as he graduated, he went to work in his father's general store.
As soon as he graduated, he went to work in his father’s general store.
As soon as he has the money, he'll buy a truck.
As soon as he has the opportunities, he slipped to come.
As soon as he heard of it, he hastened to the spot.
As soon as he heard the crash, he rushed out of the house.
As soon as he heard the news, he leapt to his feet.
As soon as he hit him, he fell on the spot.
As soon as he hit him, he shattered his head.
As soon as he left, the bank closed.
As soon as he opened the door, he smelled something burning.
As soon as he reached home, Geppetto took his tools and began to cut and shape the wood into a marionette.
As soon as he received his pay, he spent it.
As soon as he returns, I will tell you.
As soon as he sat down, he picked up the telephone.
As soon as he saw a policeman, he ran away.
As soon as he saw him, his blood ran cold.
As soon as he saw his mother there, joy filled his heart.
As soon as he saw me, he fled.
As soon as he saw me, he panicked.
As soon as he saw me, he ran away.
As soon as he saw that piece of wood, Mastro Cherry was filled with joy.
As soon as he saw the cop he ran out.
As soon as he saw the policeman, he ran away.
As soon as he saw the policeman, he ran for it.
As soon as he saw the principal, he panicked.
As soon as he saw what he had to do, he ducked out.
As soon as he started talking, everyone fell silent.
As soon as he started to move, he hit his toe against a stone.
As soon as he starts eating, he devours everything.
As soon as he stepped into the village, he went to see her.
As soon as he stepped through the front door, Tom recognised the cloying smell of Mary's perfume.
As soon as he took a look at her, he fell in love.
As soon as he took the medicine, his fever went down.
As soon as he turned around, he got clotheslined.
As soon as he turned around, he got hit by a clothesline.
As soon as he wakes up, he gets up.
As soon as he was left alone, he opened the letter.
As soon as he went out of the house, it began to rain.
As soon as he went out, it began to rain.
As soon as he went to bed, he fell asleep.
As soon as he went to bed, he fell fast asleep, for he was very tired.
As soon as it appears, let me know.
As soon as it gets dark, the fireworks will start.
As soon as it started raining, Tom realized he'd left his umbrella at home.
As soon as it stopped raining a beautiful rainbow appeared.
As soon as man is born he begins to die.
As soon as man is born, he begins to die.
As soon as my eye catches sight of you, the other one covets you.
As soon as my father passed, my mother remarried with a man 10 years younger than I.
As soon as my left eye sees you, my right eye covets you.
As soon as my son returns my trailer, I'm taking a load of rubbish to the tip.
As soon as one airline announced its plan for airfare reductions, the rest of the companies followed suit.
As soon as one goes in, the other goes out.
As soon as one of my eyes catches sight of you, the other begins to covet you.
As soon as our manager got off our backs, everything started to go off without a hitch.
As soon as possible.
As soon as she came in, his recklessness vanished.
As soon as she came, she came back.
As soon as she comes, we will begin.
As soon as she entered the room, I rose to my feet and made a deep bow.
As soon as she finished, she lay down and had a nap.
As soon as she finishes her job, she'll come back.
As soon as she got her salary, she spent it all.
As soon as she got in, the other one got out.
As soon as she got on the train, it pulled out of the station.
As soon as she got up from there, I got up too.
As soon as she heard the bell ring, she answered the telephone.
As soon as she heard the music, festival goer Patricia Joseph knew she had to dance.
As soon as she heard the news, she began to weep.
As soon as she heard the news, she broke into tears.
As soon as she heard the news, she burst into tears.
As soon as she hugged him, he felt a severe pain.
As soon as she is ready, give me a call.
As soon as she met him, she burst into tears.
As soon as she opened the door, a cat ran out.
As soon as she opened the door, a white dog ran out of the house.
As soon as she opened the door, the cat ran out.
As soon as she put her hand to her neck, as if to search for the fatal blue ribbon, a tide of recollections seemed to rush upon her, which her mind and body were alike incapable of bearing.
As soon as she read the letter, she began to cry.
As soon as she saw me, she began to weep.
As soon as she saw me, she burst out crying.
As soon as she saw me, she gave me a hand.
As soon as she saw me, she greeted me with a smile.
As soon as she saw me, she started to cry.
As soon as she saw me, she started to laugh.
As soon as she speaks, the water freezes.
As soon as she wakes up, we'll turn on the music.
As soon as she wakes up, we’ll turn on the music.
As soon as summer came, the rain began to fall relentlessly.
As soon as the Thanksgiving holiday is over, Santa Clauses start appearing everywhere – in shopping centers, supermarkets and other places.
As soon as the accident occurred, a police car rushed to the scene.
As soon as the aforementioned problems have been dealt with, building can continue.
As soon as the alarm clock rings, he leaps out of bed.
As soon as the alarm rings I need to get up.
As soon as the argument ended, I left the office forthwith.
As soon as the bell rang the teacher came into the classroom.
As soon as the bell rang, Tom headed for the door.
As soon as the bell rang, the teacher came into the classroom.
As soon as the bell rang, we got up.
As soon as the chicken puts on makeup, a hawk grabs it.
As soon as the child saw his mother, he stopped crying.
As soon as the child saw its mother, it stopped crying.
As soon as the city was captured, Aeneas fled.
As soon as the concert was over, people started pouring out into the street.
As soon as the cops left, they turned the music back up.
As soon as the dog heard his master's voice, off he ran like a shot.
As soon as the dog heard his master’s voice, off he ran like a shot.
As soon as the dog saw me, it began to bark.
As soon as the door closed, Yanni started kissing Skura.
As soon as the door opened, they ran away.
As soon as the game ended, we became overjoyed.
As soon as the game started, it began to rain.
As soon as the jackal saw the lamb, he went drooling with envy.
As soon as the land of any country has all become private property, the landlords, like all other men, love to reap where they never sowed, and demand a rent even for its natural produce.
As soon as the lengthening shadows made her aware that the usual hour of the vespers chime was passed, she tore herself from her lover's arms with a shriek of despair, bid him adieu for ever, and, plunging into the fountain, disappeared from his eyes.
As soon as the leopard looked at Boldi, his heart sank.
As soon as the lesson was over, they rushed out of the room.
As soon as the light goes out, my room is transformed into an environment inhabited exclusively by scary monsters.
As soon as the liquor is in the hogshead, the yeast, or fermenting principle, is put into it, stirred for some moments, and then left to itself. A liquor as rich as the above described ferments with force, and runs with rapidity through all the periods of fermentation. It is fit to distil as soon as that tumultuous state has subsided and the liquor is calm.
As soon as the mantis spots the bat, it quickly drops to the ground. The bat can't dive that fast.
As soon as the market opened, the fire started.
As soon as the meeting was over, I headed back home.
As soon as the morning spread its cloak across the sea waves, the sun embroidered it with golden threads.
As soon as the new teacher entered the classroom, the students began to applaud.
As soon as the news of this discovery was made known, false reports, misrepresentation, and slander flew as on the wings of the wind in every direction.
As soon as the play was over, the Director went to the kitchen, where a fine big lamb was slowly turning on the spit. More wood was needed to finish cooking it.
As soon as the product was introduced on TV, the calls for orders started pouring in.
As soon as the rain stopped, the game resumed.
As soon as the rain stopped, the tennis match continued.
As soon as the rain stops, we’ll go for a walk.
As soon as the results are made public, I'll let you know.
As soon as the school bell rang, the students left the classroom.
As soon as the ship began to move, he got seasick.
As soon as the spirit of exploitation is defeated, rearmament will be felt as an unbearable burden. There can be no real disarmament until the peoples of the world cease to exploit each other.
As soon as the store opened, customers rushed in towards the limited edition.
As soon as the thought popped up in my brain it slowly disappeared and shifted away very fast.
As soon as the three doctors had left the room, the Fairy went to Pinocchio's bed and, touching him on the forehead, noticed that he was burning with fever.
As soon as the train pulled out of the station, Tom realized he'd left his briefcase on the train.
As soon as the train pulled out of the station, Tom realized that he'd left his briefcase on the train.
As soon as the weather changes I get sick.
As soon as the weather changes, I get ill.
As soon as their meeting was over, they set to work.
As soon as there is any talk of paying, he cools down.
As soon as they finished eating, they left.
As soon as they got up, they went with them.
As soon as they had consummated their union, she no longer dared to meet his gaze.
As soon as they had disappeared, the schoolboy came out of his hiding place.
As soon as they have collected the necessary funds, they can restart their project.
As soon as they realized the mayor was on his way down, his critics started coming out of the woodwork.
As soon as they return, I will telephone you.
As soon as they saw her, they knew.
As soon as this week, President Joe Biden may announce the removal of some of the tariffs that former President Donald Trump levied on China at the outset of a trade war in 2018.
As soon as those words left Ziri's mouth, Rima appeared.
As soon as we are born, the world gets to work on us and transforms us from merely biological into social units.
As soon as we arrive in Palermo, I'll write to you.
As soon as we decide, we'll let you know.
As soon as we find out anything, we will contact him.
As soon as we find out anything, we will contact you.
As soon as we find out anything, we'll contact you.
As soon as we get on the topic of unreliable narrators, Tom always launches into a long spiel about Holden Caulfield.
As soon as we get the answer, we'll phone you.
As soon as we get the answer, we’ll phone you.
As soon as we get the tickets, we'll send them to you.
As soon as we get the tickets, we’ll send them to you.
As soon as we got there, it began to rain.
As soon as we got to the lake, we started swimming.
As soon as we heard the noise from the second floor, Takashi, who claimed he didn't believe in ghosts, lost control and started running.
As soon as we left, it stopped raining.
As soon as we left, the rain stopped.
As soon as we reach the target, we start over.
As soon as we reached there, it began to rain.
As soon as we return from vacation I will call you.
As soon as we sat down, she brought us coffee.
As soon as we saw what Tom was wearing, we all burst out laughing.
As soon as winter hit, Robert took Martha to the skating rink.
As soon as work is over, he makes a beeline for the pub.
As soon as you arrive, he will make something to eat.
As soon as you arrive, she will make something to eat.
As soon as you contact your friends, tell them that an avalanche is coming.
As soon as you find anything out, inform me right away.
As soon as you finish your job, you'll come back.
As soon as you finish, close the door.
As soon as you finish, get out.
As soon as you gather enough wisdom, you are too old to be able to make use of it.
As soon as you get the wall painted, you can go home.
As soon as you get to the light, make a right.
As soon as you have done that, I would like you to start preparing supper.
As soon as you have the car fixed, please send me a letter with the cost. I'll send you the money.
As soon as you have the car fixed, please send me a letter with the cost. I’ll send you the money.
As soon as you leave the station, turn left.
As soon as you round the corner, you'll see the store.
As soon as you see the notice, please pass it along.
As soon as you see this e-mail, please reply right away.
As soon as you start misbehaving, Father Christmas will not come to see you.
As soon as you step into the street here, you're surrounded by noise from the traffic.
As soon as you step into the street here, you're surrounded by traffic noise.
As soon as you swipe on your cell phone, you'll see this group of stuff.
As soon as you take off any article of clothing fold it neatly and place it on the chair.
As soon as you tell me how, I'll do it.
As soon as you tell me what I need to do, I'll do it.
As soon as you tell me what I should do, I'll do it.
As soon as you tell me what needs to be done, I'll do it.
As soon as you tell me what to do, I'll do it.
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.
As soon as you're done, pay the bill.
As soon as you're done, why don't you go home?
As soon as you're finished looking at the "kairanban," please give it to the next person.
As soon as you're ready, call me.
As soon as you're ready, phone me.
As soon as you're ready, phone.
As soon as you're ready, ring.
As soon as you've done that, I'd like you to start preparing supper.
As soon as you've updated your page, I'll log in.
As stated above, Gadolinite was discovered by Arrhenius in 1788. Geijer examined it in the same year, and described it as a black zeolite. In 1794 it was analysed by Gadolin, who declared it to be a silicate of iron, aluminium, and a new element which he called Ytterbium. In 1797 Ekeberg examined it, and confirmed the discovery. He proposed the name Gadolinite for the mineral, and Yttria for the new earth; these names were accepted by Klaproth, who examined it with Vauquelin in 1800, and by the French crystallographer Haüy. In 1802 Ekeberg showed that the oxide originally taken for alumina was in reality beryllia; in 1816 Berzelius showed that ceria was present with the yttria. About 1838 Mosander began his classical work on the earths in gadolinite. In that year he announced the separation of Lanthana, and in 1842 that of Didymia, which he had actually discovered eighteen months earlier. In the latter year he announced the separation of erbia and terbia. In 1842 also Scheerer declared that the yttria from gadolinite was a mixture of earths, from its different behaviour on heating in closed and open vessels; but when Mosander announced the discovery of didymia (the announcement appears to have been hastened indeed by Scheerer’s observation) it was agreed that the colouration observed was probably due to that earth. The further history of these earths must be continued elsewhere (vide p. 111).
As strange as it may be, he met with somebody who is said to be dead.
As strange as it may sound, what Tom said is true.
As strange as it may sound, what Tom said is what really happened.
As students, we spent a lot of time in this cafe.
As subduction occurs below the continental shelf, earthquakes become more likely.
As such is the case, I am sorry I can't accept your kind invitation.
As such is the case, I am sorry I can’t accept your kind invitation.
As suggested by their name, worker bees are the hive’s laborers, performing all the tasks needed to maintain and protect the colony and rear the young bees.
As suggested, I'll call Tom.
As suggested, I'll call her.
As suggested, I'll call him.
As suggested, I'll call them.
As surgeons keep their instruments and knives always at hand for cases requiring immediate treatment, so shouldst thou have thy thoughts ready to understand things divine and human.
As technology changes, the skills a person possesses upon graduating often become outdated.
As tectonic plates shifted, uniquely adapted species of dinosaur emerged on each continent through vicariance.
As temperatures build to the mid-30s centigrade, bosses have ordered workers to abandon their normally ubiquitous jackets and ties.
As temperatures rise, mass coral bleaching events and infectious disease outbreaks are becoming more frequent.
As temperatures rise, plants need more water to keep cool.
As tensions rise across the continent, many analysts point to the economic crisis as the cause of the lurch to the political right.
As the Christmas bells ring, the Devil himself calms.
As the Colorado River spills through seven southwestern states and parts of Northern Mexico, more than 35 million people depend on its water.
As the Duke of Zhou said, "It is beneficial not to crave personal benefit."
As the EU and Britain try to work out a deal to govern their trade relations after Brexit, the dreams that many British people have of retiring in Spain are being shattered by the new reality – and a whole new set of rules.
As the Earth's crust spreads, new ocean floor is created. This process literally renews the surface of our planet.
As the G-20 leaders discussed a global plan to address the pandemic, COVID-19 continued its spread.
As the Holy Koran tells us, "Be conscious of God and speak always the truth."
As the ISS orbits the Earth, both the vehicle and crew members are in a constant state of free-fall causing astronauts to experience a feeling of weightlessness.
As the Japanese like baseball, so the Americans like football.
As the Lord commanded Moses. And Aaron put it in the tabernacle to be kept.
As the Magi came bearing gifts, so do we also; gifts that relieve want, gifts that are sweet and fragrant with friendship, gifts that breathe love, gifts that mean service, gifts inspired still by the star that shone over the City of David nearly two thousand years ago.
As the Master of Ravenswood was about to reply, the door of the hall opened, and Caleb Balderstone rushed in.
As the Mongol Emperor who welcomed Marco Polo to China, Kublai Khan became a legend in Europe.
As the Moon moves eastward away from the Sun in the sky, we see a bit more of the sunlit side of the Moon each night.
As the Moon’s gravity pulls on our oceans, the water is slightly heated, and that energy gets dissipated. This results in the Moon moving away from Earth at a rate of 1.5 inches per year.
As the Northern Hemisphere prepares for colder months ahead, in the Southern Hemisphere spring is beginning to blossom.
As the U.N. mediator and go-between among the members of the committee, he says he found it fascinating to listen to their discussions.
As the airplane moves through the air, the air resists the motion of the aircraft and the resistance force is called drag.
As the artist grows older his paintings may alter.
As the astronaut walked into the translucent pod, it transformed into an opaque material.
As the attendees of the DTA General Meeting will be offered the block rate, when you reserve Marriott Hotel for me, please notify them that I will attend it.
As the autumn gets closer, the nights become longer.
As the baby was born, the Tanakas had to hire a part-timer.
As the bath is too hot, I will run some cold water into it.
As the board fills up during the course of the game, certain groups will survive, and others may not.
As the boat sailed on westwards, the captain looked back at how far they had come, and felt a tear prick the corner of his eye.
As the boss was walking away the employees remained silent, listening for the clicking of her heels against the floor, to make sure that she really had left.
As the bridge here broke, I can't go by car.
As the budget ran out, the robot guards could not chase the runner beyond the city limits.
As the bumblebee hovered near a window, Anna opened it in hopes of guiding the intruder out.
As the bus was late, I got a taxi.
As the bus was late, I took a taxi.
As the cashier turned to click on some keys, Tom thought back to how he got himself into this mess. The leader of the gang has a sister named Mary, who Tom has had a crush on since third grade. And ever since they were placed in the same French class in seventh grade, she realized that she liked him back. They both shared a love for robots and languages, and wanted to go to the same college.
As the catterpillar chooses the fairest leaves to lay her eggs on, so the priest lays his curse on the fairest joys.
As the catterpiller chooses the fairest leaves to lay her eggs on, so the priest lays his curse on the fairest joys.
As the centuries went by and England became more crowded, the people found their food supply a great problem.
As the children ran, they heard the sound of the broom sweeping the ground close behind them.
As the coach won't leave until quarter past seven, I'll call our friends first and then write some postcards.
As the coach won’t leave until quarter past seven, I’ll call our friends first and then write some postcards.
As the cold season sets in, people who aren't so healthy are likely to catch colds.
As the colors green and red are the national colors of Russia, and the date of discovery of this stone in Russia occurred on the Emperor’s birthday, the name alexandrite was given to this species of chrysoberyl.
As the comet gets closer to the Sun, the coma grows. The solar winds push the dust and gas away from the coma causing them to stream off into space to form the comet's tail.
As the community continues recovering from a crucible of fire and flood over the past few years, it is taking baby steps toward addressing what has become a vexing problem for the iconic destination: overtourism.
As the contents of our ragbag were to be sold, the rags were laid on a table in an unused room.
As the coronavirus forces Europe's cultural institutions under lockdown, artistic expression is nonetheless thriving — online and free of charge.
As the coronavirus pandemic continues to cleave the world into the vaccinated and the unvaccinated, leaders of the world’s 20 wealthiest nations will meet later this week to discuss how to address this deep divide.
As the coronavirus rattles global markets, some analysts are now warning of a possible global recession.
As the country's first Buddhist college, it offers a four-year bachelor's degree in Buddhism.
As the crow flies, it's about 20 miles from here.
As the date didn't work for the section chief, it was necessary to completely reorganize the drinking party.
As the date didn’t work for the section chief, it was necessary to completely reorganize the drinking party.
As the date of the wedding approached, Tom started having second-thoughts.
As the day got cooler, I had to put on a sweater.
As the day was beautifully serene, couches of green leaves were, by the orders of Dionysophanes, spread in the grotto.
As the day went on, the weather improved markedly.
As the days dragged on, the novelty wore off.
As the days passed by, we began to understand the seriousness of the matter.
As the days passed by, we began to understand what kind of problem we had got into.
As the days passed into weeks, even the teacher praised him, for he saw him attentive, hard working, and wide awake, always the first to come in the morning, and the last to leave when school was over.
As the days passed, our campaign grew in momentum.
As the days passed, she loved the prince more fondly, and he loved her as he would love a little child, but it never came into his head to make her his wife.
As the demand increases, prices go up.
As the dentist peered into the man's mouth, she inadvertently gasped, and then suddenly recalled that she still needed to get her son's college savings account set up.
As the door opened there came a tumultuous rush into the hall, rapid feet clattered up the stair, and an instant later a wild-eyed and frantic young man, pale, dishevelled, and palpitating, burst into the room.
As the door slid open, he almost fell onto the platform.
As the door swung open, Tom jumped back.
As the earth’s climate changes, one tool for understanding its environmental impacts is the study of past climate changes, revealed by layers of sediment scientists take from the sea floor.
As the economy faltered, his business was no longer profitable.
As the effects of climate change intensify, so too does the urgency of our response.
As the elevator is out of order, we must go down the stairs.
As the employee came down from looking at the top shelf, he misstepped, fell, and fractured his left ankle.
As the expeditions against the Pannonians and the Germans were, as it were, a repetition of the Raetian campaign on a more extended scale, so the leaders, who were put at their head with the title of imperial legates, were the same—once more the two princes of the imperial house, Tiberius, who, in the place of Agrippa, took up the command in Illyricum, and Drusus, who went to the Rhine, both now no longer inexperienced youths, but men in the prime of their years, and well fitted to take in hand severe work.
As the extrarrestrial starship got closer and closer to the ground and made a descent to the ground, he could feel his body being sucked in and his body starting to levitate so high into the air and his body then got captured into the starship and couldn't make it out as he was stuck in this trap.
As the eyes of the old woman closed to earth, the eyes of the soul opened upon the hidden things of eternity.
As the figure approached, we could see that it was Tom.
As the figure approached, we saw that it was Tom.
As the fire raged, the firefighters worked tirelessly to snuff out the flames.
As the fire slowly burned out, Matthew made a mental note to gather more firewood before nightfall.
As the first pack emerges, the spectators take pictures with their cameras and mobile phones.
As the flames raged, a fire whirl spun rapidly, pulling in everything close by.
As the food particles ferment, they produce methane.
As the friend, I gave an opinion.
As the future of the traditional Berber region by Mount Boutmezguida floundered, a mathematician whose family came from the area had a eureka moment gleaned from living overseas - using fog to make water.
As the game ended zero-zero, it was decided by penalties.
As the government launches an ambitious $3 billion plan to rejuvenate the 2,500 kilometer long Ganges, the green campaigner swings between optimism and despair.
As the government of the United States of America is not in any sense founded on the Christian Religion, as it has in itself no character of enmity against the laws, religion or tranquility of Musselmen, and as the said States never have entered into any war or act of hostility against any Mehomitan nation, it is declared by the parties that no pretext arising from religious opinions shall ever produce an interruption of the harmony existing between the two countries.
As the government of the United States of America is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion, as it bears no hostility against the laws, religion, or peace of Muslims, and as the said States have never entered into any war or act of hostility against any Muslim nation, the parties declare that no pretext based on religious opinions shall ever jeopardise the harmony existing between the two countries.
As the great Shirley Chisholm once said, “The emotional, sexual, and psychological stereotyping of females begin when the doctor says, ‘It’s a girl.’” And that has consequences for all of us, whether we’re men or women, black, white, gay, straight, transgender or otherwise.
As the grotesque parade passed by, everyone came out of their homes, hypnotized.
As the halo had been to his eyes when gazing at it a quarter of an hour earlier, so was the spot mentally to him as he pursued his dark way.
As the handle of our axe had snapped off, we got ourselves a wood-splitter straight away.
As the hours passed in the windowless interrogation room, the suspect's resolve began to waver, and he finally confessed to his involvement in the crime.
As the house has a southern aspect, it is very sunny.
As the hurricane grew closer, the governor issued a statewide evacuation notice.
As the iron was heating up, Mary poured distilled water into the reservoir to make steam.
As the judge said James's name, the whole crowd roared.
As the jury returned, I could feel the tension in the court.
As the king and queen entered, the horn blowers blew so loud that every one was quite deafened.
As the king stroked her wings she was changed into a beautiful woman, and he recognised his dear wife.
As the lab was filled with a fetid odor, I could tell the synthesis had gone awry.
As the lesson comes to an end, even if the teacher doesn't say "be quiet" or "sit down," the children naturally return to their seats and quieten down.
As the lesson comes to an end, even if the teacher doesn’t say "be quiet" or "sit down," the children naturally return to their seats and quieten down.
As the lessons were over, the children went home.
As the lily among thorns, so is my love among the girls.
As the limo drove away, Gabriel waved from the window.
As the lion is king of beasts, so is the eagle king of birds.
As the lone sexually developed female in the colony, the queen’s only function is to lay eggs.
As the love of money has been, in all ages, one of the passions that have given great disturbance to the tranquillity of the world, there is no topic more copiously treated by the ancient moralists than the folly of devoting the heart to the accumulation of riches.
As the majority of the population revolted against the mayor, he abandoned his position.
As the mantis continued flying around the room, Anna backed into a corner, hoping to avoid any direct contact with the insect.
As the market price decreases, the quantity demanded will increase and the quantity supplied will decrease.
As the men walked up and down the rows of people, they shouted, "Get your dachshund sausages!"
As the mightiest in the kingdom, the king was also the lardiest. And so it was for the repletion and expansion of his truly majestic corpulence that dishes were prepared and served round the clock. His stomach, it was said, swelled into the infinite depths of space.
As the mission dragged on, Halvorsen decided to add something to the menu in a gesture that now defines the historic event.
As the monkeys became more skilled at using their brains to move their virtual arms, researchers saw signs of brain plasticity or neuronal growth, a possible sign the monkeys were incorporating the virtual arms into their own mental image.
As the moon rises above the sea, we share the same time though we are far apart.
As the night deepened, they waited.
As the night fell, Matthew marveled at the stars and the peacefulness of the wilderness.
As the night grew colder, Matthew added more logs to the campfire.
As the night grew colder, Matthew added more wood to the campfire.
As the night grew darker and the stars began to appear, Joseph lit a fire.
As the night passes, we didn't close our eyes to sleep.
As the night went on, Ziri got Rima to start opening up about her issues.
As the night went on, everything seemed fine.
As the night wore on and Tom drank more and more, his jokes got progressively smuttier.
As the number of overweight people grows, so do health problems. Type-2 diabetes is closely related to obesity. And there's a long list of complications related to diabetes, including kidney and cardiovascular disease, blindness and amputation.
As the old British saying goes, ‘it’s just not cricket’ – meaning it’s not in the spirit of fair play, of British manners and gentlemanly conduct.
As the old saying goes.
As the orchestra in the space hotel's ballroom played on, dancers from various worlds swayed gaily about.
As the others have already said, it's not easy.
As the outbreak grinds on, many South Koreans are not only trying to prevent the disease, but also fight off boredom.
As the owner of a rabbit, they can't fight for shit. They don't even think to bite as a form of defense. They try to punch with their tiny, useless front legs. It's adorable and pathetic.
As the pain worsened, Tom tried drug after drug.
As the pirates were scouring the country, here and there, it happened that they met Daphnis, who was musing in a melancholy mood and rambling by the sea-shore, quite alone.
As the plane was approaching turbulence, the pilot asked the passengers aboard the plane to fasten their seat belts.
As the planet heats up from the effects of climate change, so, too, can conflicts.
As the planet heats up, it's not just extreme weather that's causing trouble but also the unintended consequences of that heat, in the case of some European forests it's creating fertile ground for spruce bark beetles.
As the play develops, the real motives of the protagonist become clear.
As the play unfolds, the protagonist's true motives are revealed.
As the player progresses through the game new weapons and upgrades can be obtained.
As the plot unfolds, the mystery becomes clearer.
As the poet says, a little learning is a dangerous thing.
As the popping sound of the fireworks stopped, it suddenly became quiet around me. The smell of gunpowder somehow put me in a sentimental mood.
As the population increases, the economy grows.
As the president suggested during his speech announcing Dr. Zerhouni's selection, the two men share similar outlooks on stem cell research.
As the presiding deity over agriculture, he was styled Sylvanus, whilst in his character as guardian of the state, he bore the name of Quirinus.
As the process of union along the median line may err by a defect or omission, so may it, on the other hand, err by an excess of fulfilment, as, for example, when the urethra, the vagina, or the anus are found to be imperforate.
As the proverb goes, "The end justifies the means."
As the proverb goes, time really is money.
As the proverb goes, â€œTo manage a household and maintain relationships, you cannot do without money.â€
As the proverb goes, “To manage a household and maintain relationships, you cannot do without money.”
As the proverb says, "Time is money."
As the proverb says, time is money.
As the psychiatrist nodded, he said this.
As the raft motors along the Patuxent, the extreme wide-angle lens cameras shoot photos simultaneously every 12 meters. It takes hundreds of thousands of the high-resolution images to create the virtual online panoramic tour. A separate computer program uploads the photos in order, according to the GPS coordinates.
As the recession set in, temporary employees were laid off one after another.
As the rest of the household slept, Fadil was still awake surfing the net.
As the river become broader, the current moved slowly.
As the river widened, the current slowed down.
As the road was wet, the car must have slipped sideways.
As the room fall silent, only the ticking sound of an old clock could be heard.
As the saying goes, "Nothing ventured, nothing gained."
As the saying goes, "You reap what you sow", and yet another says that luck plays an important role in success too!
As the saying goes, "what you focus on grows".
As the saying goes: "good always triumphs over evil". But there's another saying that: "the fight against evil is a constant struggle".
As the saying goes: As long as you don't offend me, I won't offend you. But there's another saying: To strike first means victory, to strike second means tragedy.
As the saying goes: Speech is silver, silence is gold.
As the seasons change, the Tuareg herdsmen change their pastures.
As the setting sun was resting on her shoulder, I decked her hair with wild flowers, and whispered in her ear that she would remember evermore the day we spent together.
As the shapeless mass emerged from shadows, I knew I was in trouble.
As the situation is delicate, you should be careful of what you say.
As the spring drew nigh the snow melted, the earth displayed itself, and the grass began to grow.
As the storm hit, the flames in the lantern struggled to blaze out.
As the storm intensified, the crew rushed to secure the equipment on the upper deck, while the captain remained calm on the bridge.
As the storm passed, they returned.
As the story advances, the mystery unravels.
As the storyline progresses this belief is evaluated and questioned.
As the summer has come, so it will go.
As the sun is still overhead, I decide to leave my car in the centre and I take out my bicycle from the boot.
As the sun rises, the morning mist gradually fades away.
As the sun rose slowly above the eastern horizon, the caps of the great mountains lit up one after the other, like lamps at a festival, until they were all ruddy and glowing.
As the sun rose, the fog disappeared.
As the sun rose, the stars faded away.
As the sun rose, the town began to reawaken from its slumber.
As the sun rose, we set off.
As the sun set, Matthew started the campfire to keep warm.
As the sun set, the night's blackness gradually enveloped the countryside, bringing a peaceful stillness.
As the sun sets, hundreds of people from nearby villages gather around a crackling bonfire to celebrate a unique event.
As the sun went down, the daisy closed its petals.
As the swallow hovered over her and brushed her cheek with its fluttering wings, the damsel started and screamed; but, seeing the swallow still fluttering near her and Daphnis laughing at her alarm, her fear vanished and she rubbed her eyes which were yet heavy with sleep.
As the tadpole grows, its tail disappears and it sprouts legs.
As the temperature rises, large lakes form on the surface of Greenland's ice, which in turn create a network of rivers. The rushing rivers rapidly melt through the surrounding ice like a knife cutting through butter.
As the tense doesn't match the English example sentence, I suggest a change to present.
As the three countries' growing economies guzzle more fuel, the leaders agreed to cooperate on developing alternative sources of energy.
As the three men entered the alley, a bird resembling a crow flew from the top of a large beech tree as if it had been frightened.
As the tigers approached, we wondered who would be eaten first.
As the time of the interview draws near, I feel like a cat on hot bricks.
As the train began to slow down, a commotion arose on the platform.
As the train came to a halt, all of the passengers wondered what was happening.
As the train pulled out, they waved goodbye to their parents.
As the train was crowded, I kept standing all the way to Kyoto.
As the train went by, Tom caught a glimpse of the driver.
As the train went by, he caught a glimpse of the driver.
As the tree, so the fruit.
As the trees crave tranquility in the ever-persistent wind, the child craves the care of its ever-absent parents.
As the two came to the stage to accept the prize, Atwood said to Evaristo, "Neither of us expected to win this. I'm very surprised. I would have thought that I was too elderly. And I kind of don't need the attention, so I'm very glad that you're getting some."
As the unkempt cashier lazily glanced back and forth between the fake ID and Tom’s face, Tom felt a sudden urge to pee as his nerves threatened to also stifle his breath right then and there. He was younger than the high school seniors that dragged him here, but he was easily mistaken for a grown man. It's not his fault that he was an early bloomer.
As the vast Indian plains sizzle during the summer months, the picturesque hill resort of Shimla turns into a tourist haven.
As the vast opportunities of the Internet reach every corner of the globe, learning outside of school has become as important as learning in school.
As the warm days of spring led to summer, a baby bat was born.
As the warm days of spring led to summer, a baby bat was born. He had a tiny, furry body with awkward wings. His mother held him close to her and wrapped him in her wings.
As the wasp larva munches its way through the microbe-laden body of the cockroach, it produces generous amounts of a clear liquid.
As the waves crashed against the cliff face beneath us, she began to talk.
As the waves crested about them, Tom and Mary clung desperately to the gunwales of their lifeboat.
As the weather became colder, he went from bad to worse.
As the weather was snowy, we went skiing.
As the weeks went by, my interest in him and my curiosity as to his aims in life gradually deepened and increased.
As the whirl of dust drew nearer to the solitary bluff upon which the two castaways were reposing, the canvas-covered tilts of waggons and the figures of armed horsemen began to show up through the haze, and the apparition revealed itself as being a great caravan upon its journey for the West.
As the wind blows, so does his jacket.
As the winter was near at hand they did not think it safe to hazard a larger fleet.
As the woman on the train dozed off, her head slumped.
As the word endings in Esperanto correspond to parts of speech, in Vling, the tone of the word corresponds to a part of speech.
As the world becomes economically richer, it becomes environmentally poorer.
As the world turns...
As the years go by, you see more things.
As the years progressed, Newton completed his work on universal gravitation, diffraction of light, centrifugal force, centripetal force, inverse-square law, bodies in motion and the variations in tides due to gravity.
As the young man's car was close to the fence, Miss Baker had to drive up beside it on the other side, where the girl was sitting.
As the young man’s car was close to the fence, Miss Baker had to drive up beside it on the other side, where the girl was sitting.
As their conversation was in French, I could not understand a word.
As their language had no written form, the natives expressed deeds and events in carvings.
As their numbers have grown, much about the humpback, a species famous for its song, remains a mystery. Scientists do not know exactly, for example, where on Australia’s Great Barrier Reef they mate and calve.
As there are many absentees because of the flu, we were told that from tomorrow the classes will be temporary closed for 3 days.
As there must be moderation in other things, so there must be moderation in self-criticism.
As there was a fly in my coffee, I didn't have to pay the bill.
As there was a power cut, the factory suspended production.
As there was no bridge, Danilo tried to find a shallow spot where he could ford the river.
As there was no bus service, we had to walk all the way to the station.
As there was no bus, I had no choice but to walk.
As there was no taxi, I had to walk home.
As there were no clients, we closed the shop earlier.
As there were no customers, we closed the shop early.
As there were no free seats on the bus, I remained standing.
As there were no seats free on the bus, I had to stand all the way to the station.
As there were no taxis, we walked back.
As there were supposed to be four elements, fire, air, water, and earth, so there were supposed to be four classes of elementals or spirits of the elements, namely, Salamanders, Sylphs, Undines, and Gnomes, inhabiting these elements respectively, and deriving their characters therefrom.
As there will be no stops, we'll have to eat on the bus.
As these days most parents indulge their children, many children don't know what good manners are.
As these days most parents indulge their children, many children don’t know what good manners are.
As these groups proliferate, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration is warning against feeding babies with breast milk obtained from donors not screened for infectious diseases.
As these trees grow tall, they rob the grass of light.
As they arose to leave the fountain which had been witness of their mutual engagement, an arrow whistled through the air, and struck a raven perched on the sere branch of an old oak, near to where they had been seated.
As they didn't know the way, they soon got lost.
As they didn’t know the way, they soon got lost.
As they get older, most people tend to gain weight. But it’s not their fault, according to scientists who have discovered a biological mechanism that causes peoples’ waistlines to expand in middle-age.
As they grow old, many people become unable to look after themselves.
As they have done since the dawn of the space age, astronauts onboard the International Space Station take photographs of Earth at night.
As they passed, a great rock came thundering down with a hoarse rattle which woke the echoes in the silent gorges, and startled the weary horses into a gallop.
As they ran, their arms turned into legs, their faces lengthened into snouts and their backs became covered with long gray hairs.
As they say, time is money.
As they say, you've got to strike while the iron's hot. You're not going to have another chance like this one.
As they walk up and down the rows they shout, "Get your hot dogs here! Get your hot dogs!"
As they were in a hurry, they took a taxi.
As they were talking, a horrible roar rent the air and the Dragon with the Seven Heads came towards the princess.
As they're not there this weekend, they gave me the keys of their apartment.
As things are, not one person will be spared from eternal destruction.
As things have turned out.
As things now stand, I'll have to quit my job.
As this girl entered the room, every child was laughing at her little hat.
As this has now been resolved, we can begin.
As this is a cascade with multiple layers, it shouldn't be surprising that it's slow.
As this is a cascade with multiple layers, it shouldn’t be surprising that it’s slow.
As this year 2025 is a "Krismas" year, I have opted to go to a Roman Catholic church that I call endearingly the "Clam Temple," as I am a Buddhoanimist. As I walked out of the driveway of the church the other day, I saw the white minister in a Collarino coming by, and we said "Good morning!" to each other. It's good to see good people. Animistically speaking, I think that evil spirits have infected many people in my district, or even this whole world. Incidentally, I saw a bunny chewing on a white daisy flower, then it ran off. The ambiance of "innocence" these days is harder to find.
As time drags on, the fall season is getting closer and closer to us, and the air will get slighly more chilly in the coming days.
As time goes by.
As time goes on, China's economy gets stronger and stronger.
As time goes on, China’s economy gets stronger and stronger.
As time goes on, grief fades away.
As time goes on, my life gets worse and worse.
As time has passed, the problem has proved more serious.
As time has passed; the problem has proved more serious.
As time passed, the fraternity grew bigger.
As time passed, the radioactivity diminished.
As time passes, I find clarity in our relationship's end and its necessity.
As time passes, the feelings that once connected us have slowly faded away.
As time passes, wisdom increases.
As time passes, your perspective widens.
As time progresses, the situation worsens.
As time went on, I came to doubt that that was everything I needed to know.
As time went on, Ziri started to fall in love with Rima.
As time went on, our hopes sank.
As time went on, people grew less and less concerned about the matter.
As time went on, people grew more and more concerned about the matter.
As time went on, rules were added to the game to make it safer.
As time went on, the Queen had a pretty little boy, and it happened that the King was out hunting; so the old witch took the form of the chamber-maid, went into the room where the Queen lay, and said to her, "Come, the bath is ready; it will do you good, and give you fresh strength; make haste before it gets cold."
As time went on, the extent of these cities grew, and they merged into a single conurbation.
As time went on, the sky grew darker and darker.
As time went on, the teenagers grew louder and louder.
As to his daily life, he is very slovenly.
As to me, I agree to the plan.
As to my companion, neither the country nor the sea presented the slightest attraction to him.
As to onomatopoetic expressions, we find interesting examples in Hopi.
As to reward, my profession is its own reward; but you are at liberty to defray whatever expenses I may be put to, at the time which suits you best.
As to the candle, and the blood, and the writing on the wall, and the ring, they may all be so many tricks to throw the police on to the wrong scent.
As to the fragments of morality that are irregularly and thinly scattered in those books, they make no part of this pretended thing, revealed religion.
As to the source of this statement, I know nothing.
As to the whereabouts of the criminal, we're still investigating.
As to what happened there, one can only speculate.
As to whether it suits you or not, the answer is positive: it's a haircut that suits all hair types.
As to your final grade, that depends on your final examination.
As today's accident is very serious, I take it seriously.
As today’s accident is very serious, I take it seriously.
As tomorrow is a holiday, Yanni has decided to stay up late.
As too often, those trumpeting the benefits of globalization have ignored inequality within and among nations; have ignored the enduring appeal of ethnic and sectarian identities; have left international institutions ill-equipped, underfunded, under-resourced, in order to handle transnational challenges.
As touching the gods, I do not know whether they exist or not, nor how they are featured; for there is much to prevent our knowing: the obscurity of the subject and the brevity of human life.
As trade routes have criss-crossed the globe, plants and animals have hitched rides into new environments.
As transplants to Southern California, the red-crowned parrots have become such permanent fixtures that they are on the California Bird Records Committee’s list of birds in the state.
As trees grow, they absorb carbon from the atmosphere.
As true as one times one being one.
As unrest grew, many opponents were imprisoned or shot.
As usual I run down the steps and gallop to class.
As usual being late by fifteen minutes, Marco hurriedly entered the office.
As usual he brought me nothing.
As usual the Spanish team are showing off their skills at one-touch football.
As usual the peasants are busy scattering grain seeds.
As usual with young girls, Alice loves chocolate.
As usual, I don't need to say anything to you. You always immediately understand what I mean.
As usual, I mispronounced words and broke my sentences up in the wrong places.
As usual, I was going to school at eight o' clock.
As usual, Mike turned up on time. He's very punctual.
As usual, Mike turned up on time. He’s very punctual.
As usual, Mike was late for the meeting this afternoon.
As usual, Tom and Mary were late.
As usual, Tom came late.
As usual, Tom got up early in the morning and swam.
As usual, Tom is late for school.
As usual, Tom was late again this morning.
As usual, Tom was late.
As usual, he didn't go to school.
As usual, he didn't say anything.
As usual, he got up early in the morning and jogged.
As usual, he got up early in the morning and went jogging.
As usual, he placed the key on the table.
As usual, he reads the newspaper while eating.
As usual, he tried to cover his French mistake, making the excuse that he spoke a local dialect.
As usual, he was late and made us wait for a long time.
As usual, he was the last to arrive at the theater.
As usual, he's busy.
As usual, his thoughts were extremely academic.
As usual, she arrived late.
As usual, she was extraordinarily festooned and bedizened, with a limp Leghorn hat anchored to her head by many windings of faded gauze, and a little black velvet parasol on a carved ivory handle absurdly balanced over her much larger hatbrim.
As usual, the Kabyle mother will still cry for her injured children, five of whom are in serious condition, one child who has lost an eye, and another child who will never stand up again because both feet had to be amputated after the colonial police decided to drive over him and crush his feet with a military truck.
As usual, the White House pastry team this year spent several weeks putting together a hefty gingerbread display. This year, the 226-kilogram construction features the White House but also includes a school, police, fire and gas stations, a hospital, a post office, a grocery store and a warehouse.
As usual, the physics teacher was late for class.
As usual, you didn't listen!
As usual, you get straight to the point.
As usual, you weren't listening!
As usual, you're right.
As usual, Tom didn't do his homework until the last minute.
As usually happened with Tom whenever he held a baby, his genitals again got stepped on.
As vaccination efforts ramp up in the United States, experts say efforts to deal with doubters need to increase along with them.
As voters lined up outside the polls in Cairo Saturday, music blared and some among the crowds danced and waved Egyptian flags.
As warning signals lit up the cabin of their command module – and instrument panels at NASA’s mission control in Houston, Texas – Lovell uttered a sentence that would reverberate through history.
As wars and murders show, bestiality is a typical feature of the human race.
As was expected, Tom won the race.
As was expected, he succeeded in winning the prize.
As was expected, he won the prize.
As was expected, they lost the contest.
As was mentioned before, this is my basic idea.
As was my habit, I was walking on the beach after the rain.
As was often the case with him, he came late.
As was the custom in those days, he married young.
As was to be expected, he took the first place.
As was unusual for me, I got tired quickly and I sat down on the edge of a rock.
As we age, our ability to remember gets worse.
As we age, our bodies become weaker and don't heal themselves as quickly as they used to.
As we age, our memory gets worse.
As we age, we become set in our ways.
As we age, we lose many important qualities.
As we all know, Augustus didn't restore the Roman Republic; he ended it for good.
As we all know, a change is as good as a holiday, and we all need holidays.
As we approach autumn, the nights get longer.
As we approached Rotterdam, old memories came up.
As we are all imperfect human beings, so is life as well.
As we are born, death will follow naturally and will follow suit.
As we are here on this planet for a seemingly short time, we might as well aim for excellence.
As we are here on this planet for only a short time, we might as well think bigger than ourselves.
As we ate dessert, the desire grew to travel in this country.
As we ate our meal, we talked about what we had done that day.
As we be here in our bodies on this high ground, so be they in their minds—noble-minded men enough, no doubt—some on 'em—able to earn hundreds by thinking out loud. And some on 'em be strong young fellows that can earn a'most as much in silver cups.
As we become ever more diverse, we must work harder to unite around our common values and our common humanity. We must work harder to overcome our differences, in our hearts and in our laws.
As we can see, the number of those dropping out of school in our area is very high. That said, I'd like to add that the school budget was cut this year.
As we celebrate Algeria's achievements, we recognize the dedication and vision of its leadership and people in fostering sustainable growth and prosperity.
As we confront the complex challenges of our time, including the resurgence of geopolitical tensions and humanitarian crises, Algeria's example reminds us of the transformative potential of dialogue and negotiation in resolving conflicts and building inclusive societies.
As we cruise through a fog of interstellar particles, we’re shielded by the magnetic bubble around our Sun known as the heliosphere.
As we discussed previously, Algeria lived through one do-or-die moment against South Korea in group play. Today, they’ll hope to live through another as they take on Russia. If Les Fennecs can win, they’ll move on to the knockout stage along with Belgium. But if they lose, Russia advances. Watch the action live at 4 PM ET (8 PM UTC).
As we dive deeper, the water becomes colder.
As we don't use these things, we give them to whoever needs them.
As we drink, we open up to each other.
As we drove into town, there were many police roadblocks, but no one stopped us.
As we drove through the village, I remembered that I wanted some stamps, so accordingly we pulled up at the post office.
As we enjoy our delicious summer dessert of fruit salad, do we ever stop to think that the beautiful green kiwi fruit is a native of northern China or that the passion fruit is a native of Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay and northern Argentina?
As we entered the shopping district Haruna's gaze darted about, just like she was a rustic from the hills, as she looked over the area.
As we entered the shopping district Haruna’s gaze darted about, just like she was a rustic from the hills, as she looked over the area.
As we entered this large cage, the sheriff opening the iron door, a number of jail-birds were singing merrily, not for liberty, but enjoying such captivity.
As we evolve, our boundaries may shift.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
As we get closer to home, I get a little excited.
As we get older, we have a harder time keeping up with new technology.
As we go together, we will draw inspiration from heroic and selfless acts -- friends who helped friends, took care of each other and saved lives. In the face of hate and violence, we will love one another. We will not give in to fear or turn against each other. Instead, we will stand united, as Americans, to protect our people, and defend our nation, and to take action against those who threaten us.
As we go up higher, the air becomes cooler.
As we go up higher, the air becomes thinner.
As we got closer and closer to the highway, we could hear the music blasting louder and louder in the car, which raised our curiosity and set off our alarm.
As we grow older, our memory becomes weaker.
As we have opportunity, let us do good.
As we know, curiosity is female.
As we land our spaceship in Dhaka, the capital city of Bangladesh, we quickly realize that our presence is not appreciated by the local population.
As we live for a relatively short time, we'd better put our best efforts forward in all that we undertake in our lives.
As we live we learn.
As we look ahead, let us reaffirm our support for Algeria's continued efforts in advancing public policies that promote social equity, economic resilience, and sustainable development.
As we look to the future, it is imperative that we continue to support and scale up efforts to combat desertification.
As we need fresh air, so fish need clean water.
As we no longer alter the spellings of loanwords to match typical English spelling conventions, this leads to many words with unusual spellings, like "guanxi", "qarin", "kawaii" and "burqa".
As we outgrow the need for professions based on the monetary system, for instance lawyers, bankers, insurance agents, marketing and advertising personnel, salespersons, and stockbrokers, a considerable amount of waste will be eliminated.
As we passed through one of the gates on our way home again, a pretty young woman of gipsy type coming in the opposite direction bowed and smiled.
As we prepare to return home, we are already planning our next trip to Bangladesh.
As we rode back home, Dad was awfully quiet.
As we rounded the corner, the lake was there in front of us.
As we spend a lot of time watching T.V., we will read fewer books.
As we step off the plane in Dhaka, the capital city of Bangladesh, we are immediately struck by the heat and humidity of this tropical country.
As we talked, I realized that the source of my malaise was a kind of cognitive dissonance, where I could not reconcile the values and ways of life that I had come to embrace during my time away with the ones that seemed so opposed and unchanging at home.
As we thought, she had gone abroad.
As we took off, every baby on the plane started crying.
As we travel to the rural areas of Bangladesh, we are welcomed with open arms by the local communities.
As we wake up in the morning, the Sun peeks over the horizon to shed light on us, blanket us with warmth and provide cues to start our day.
As we went I glanced back, and there was that yellow livid face watching us out of the upper window.
As we went around the corner, the lake came in sight.
As we went around the corner, the lake came into view.
As we went up, the air grew colder.
As we were born, death will make us all die someday.
As we were driven on Rome’s notoriously busy ring road, we could not believe how few cars we passed.
As we were having a conversation, time passed.
As we were leaving the party, the music was still playing in the background.
As we were singing songs, we climbed to the top.
As we were soaring high above the clouds, I had to resist the masculine urge to jump out and touch one of them.
As we were the first that came into the house, so we were the last that went out of it; being resolved to have a clear passage for our old friend, whom we did not care to venture among the justling of the crowd.
As we will not have time, we will have to eat sandwiches.
As we're seeing in the United States, attacks on trans rights go hand-in-hand with attacks on women's rights.
As we've come this far, we might as well keep going and try and make it before dark.
As well as Hong Kong and Macao, the Pearl River Delta includes Chinese mainland mega-cities like Shenzhen, Guangzhou and Dongguan, and is home to some 22 million people.
As well as Peter, his brothers are also there.
As well as him, his brothers also came.
As well as mammals, birds, reptiles, fish and insects are animals too.
As well as the cow, Tom and Mary have a pig, seven geese and eight chickens.
As well as this, the horse is also representative of human talent.
As well as watching films, I listen to a lot of songs in English.
As well be hanged for a sheep as a lamb.
As well-meaning as certain elites may be, should they leave the fate of humankind to the majority?
As well.
As when a snake, that through the winter's cold / lay swoln and hidden in the ground from sight, / gorged with rank herbs, forth issues to the light, / and sleek with shining youth and newly drest, / wreathing its slippery volumes, towers upright / and, glorying, to the sunbeam rears its breast, / and darts a three-forked tongue, and points a flaming crest.
As when a wounded bull / shakes from his neck the faltering axe and, fain / to fly the cruel altars, roars in pain.
As when in mighty multitudes bursts out / sedition, and the wrathful rabble rave; / rage finds them arms; stones, firebrands fly about.
As wind blows across the surface of the ocean or a lake, the continual disturbance creates a wave crest.
As winter approaches, migratory birds head south.
As winter approaches, the days get shorter and shorter.
As winter draws near, migratory birds head south.
As wisdom grows, and so does pain.
As wise as she is brave, they said.
As with all things, take from this video any wisdom that is useful, and discard the bullshit.
As with everything else, there's something beautiful in sin.
As with other driverless cars, humans are still present and can override the self-driving mode at any time.
As with so much disinformation, there's a kernel of truth to this.
As with the estimated 3 million EU citizens living in Britain, British expats will have to reapply to their host countries for confirmation of their residency rights. This should prove just a formality, and unlike British authorities when it comes to processing EU citizens in Britain, EU countries aren’t planning to exact a fee.
As women are full of holes, many of them tend to think of themselves as victims.
As women around the world adapt to working remotely, many are finding it both liberating and challenging to dress from the confines of their homes.
As women entered the workforce to help support their families, cereal was a food kids could take care of on their own without having to do anything dangerous like light a stove.
As worms and insects do not become obsolete in the ecology, with ascending Artificial Intelligence, maybe humans will not become obsolete in the ecology.
As yardsticks to measure the effectiveness of information retrieval there exist those called 'recall ratio' and 'precision ratio'.
As yardsticks to measure the effectiveness of information retrieval there exist those called ’recall ratio’ and ’precision ratio’.
As ye sow, so shall ye reap.
As year succeeded to year she grew taller and stronger, her cheek more ruddy and her step more elastic.
As years pass by, I long for my hometown more and more.
As yet he has not succeeded.
As yet we have not made any plans for the holidays.
As yet, I have not completed the sweater.
As yet, I have not completed the work.
As yet, everything has been going well.
As yet, the body has not resurfaced.
As yet, the extent of the damage can only be guessed.
As yet, the project is in the air.
As you age, you lose muscle mass.
As you all know, I'm not very good at mathematical calculations.
As you all know, we are in the midst of a global pandemic.
As you already know, I don't speak French very well, so I'd rather not give a speech in French.
As you already know, Sir.
As you already know, your parents won't be there. It's time to be a responsible adult.
As you already know.
As you are aware, Watson, there is no one who knows the higher criminal world of London so well as I do.
As you are sorry, I'll forgive you.
As you are sorry, I’ll forgive you.
As you are tired, you had better rest.
As you are tired, you had better take a rest.
As you can also tell from these beautiful, far from Japanese, looks, Yuna is not pure-blood Japanese. She's a quarter-blood with a westerner as grandmother.
As you can also tell from these beautiful, far from Japanese, looks, Yuna is not pure-blood Japanese. She’s a quarter-blood with a westerner as grandmother.
As you can imagine, mixing up the meanings could lead to awkward exchanges or laughs for language learners.
As you can see for yourselves, nothing has changed in this town after all these years.
As you can see, I am doing the opposite.
As you can see, I can't take care of everything.
As you can see, I haven't done any cleaning in the house for some time.
As you can see, I love to eat.
As you can see, I took care of that, too.
As you can see, I took care of that.
As you can see, I'm doing the opposite.
As you can see, I'm still alive, and that's the main thing. My father, too, says that's what's most important.
As you can see, I'm very random.
As you can see, I'm wearing a suit today.
As you can see, I'm working on it.
As you can see, I've already taken care of that.
As you can see, Tom is pretty good at it.
As you can see, my hat is empty.
As you can see, the roof needs to be repaired.
As you can see, the roof needs to be replaced.
As you can see, this is serious business.
As you can see, we're still working.
As you can well imagine, she's against my relationship with him.
As you climb higher, the air becomes colder.
As you contribute more sentences to the Tatoeba Corpus in your native language, the percentage of sentences in your native language with errors will likely decrease.
As you decide, I'll do it.
As you fall, let your dreams rise, and spread your wings to fly!
As you get older you start to feel that health is everything.
As you get older, the gap between you and the younger generation will become increasingly noticeable.
As you get older, you start getting more and more aches and pains.
As you get older, you're going to have more of these kinds of problems.
As you get older, your waistline gets bigger.
As you go up higher, the air becomes thinner.
As you grow familiar with the language, you won't have to listen to each new sentence over and over again.
As you have a fever, you'd better stay home.
As you have a fever, you’d better stay home.
As you have a kind heart, and have been willing to share everything with me, I will send a blessing upon you.
As you have already suspected, the prince's name was Tom and the little mermaid's name was Mary.
As you have difficulties, I'll help you.
As you have insulted him, he is cross with you.
As you have often been here before, show me around, please.
As you hear the stories of the women, I feel especially rising anger.
As you know that in life you can't be loved by everyone, you just have to find the people who loves all of you and who accepts your whole being with all of its flaws and imperfections and you have to keep those people close by your side.
As you know, Berlin is the capital of Germany.
As you know, Hitler's idea of world domination suffered a complete collapse.
As you know, I met your daughter a long time ago, and we want to tell you that we've decided to get married.
As you know, I'm a very busy person.
As you know, I've lost my job, so I'm having trouble making ends meet.
As you know, I've lost my job, so I'm having trouble paying all my bills.
As you know, life is comparable to a voyage.
As you know, mathematicians do not get fat, but round up.
As you know, newspapers rely on advertising.
As you know, that didn't happen.
As you know, we were late due to the heavy rain.
As you know, we're gathered here to celebrate my birthday.
As you like.
As you look at your face, you try to figure out what is happening behind it, in your mind.
As you make your bed, so you must lie in it.
As you make your bed, you must lie on it.
As you may know, I used to live in Kabylie, Algeria.
As you might already know, I absolutely adore old books.
As you might already know, I am a sucker for old books.
As you might already know, I am an aficionado of old books.
As you order!
As you ordered, Your Excellency.
As you requested, I have attached a recent passport-sized photograph.
As you say!
As you say, French is very hard.
As you say, Russian is very hard!
As you say, men ought to make their own chances, and not wait until they are given.
As you say, there are cases where "iu" is replaced by "ossharu".
As you say.
As you see yourself so will others see you.
As you sow, so shall you reap.
As you sow, so will you reap.
As you sow, so you shall reap.
As you start to look deeper, you will find it out yourself.
As you travel farther south, you begin to see more broadleaf evergreens in the forests.
As you treat me, I treat you.
As you treat me, so I will treat you.
As you treat me, so will I treat you.
As you were saying?
As you were.
As you wish!
As you wish.
As you wished!
As you won't live forever, of course, your housing accommodations are impermanent.
As you'd expect from a high-end model, the user settings are amazingly detailed. It seems like it'll be a while until I can get one of my own.
As you're aware, communication is crucial in relationships.
As you're starting from scratch you might as well have gone for a major makeover...
As you're trying to figure out how all this time has passed, time keeps passing.
As you've already pointed out, that was a mistake.
As your bright and tiny spark Guides the traveller in the dark, Though I know not what you are, Twinkle, twinkle, little star!
As your goods for which you are charging us were imperfect, we will not pay this account.
As you’re starting from scratch you might as well have gone for a major makeover...
As Ï€ is transcendental, the quadrature of a circle - a classical problem in geometry - is impossible.
As π is transcendental, the quadrature of a circle - a classical problem in geometry - is impossible.
Asahara thinks himself a savior.
Asanas are often referred to as "yoga postures" or "yoga positions".
Asanas are yoga postures.
Asbestos are linked to a number of deadly lung diseases.
Asbestos is a carcinogen.
Asbestos is nasty stuff, and it can cause lung cancer if you breathe in the dust.
Ascend!
Ascend.
Ascertain whether they are safe or not.
Aser, his bread shall be fat, and he shall yield dainties to kings.
Ash Wednesday is the first day of Lent.
Ash trees are known for their sturdy wood.
Ashamedly, I went along with it.
Asher isn't Jewish. He's Samaritan.
Asherah is the Persian name for Easter.
Ashgabat is Turkmenistan's capital.
Ashgabat is the capital of Turkmenistan.
Ashkenaz was the Medieval Hebrew term for Germany.
Ashkenazi Hebrew uses a sibilant fricative where Yemenite Hebrew has a non-sibilant fricative.
Ashkenazi Jews are traditionally not named after living relatives.
Ashkenazi Jews experienced a population bottleneck around 700 years ago.
Ashkenazi and Mizrahi Jews are closely related.
Ashkenazi and Sephardi Jews are closely related.
Ashkenazi and Yemenite Hebrew are closely related to the Tiberian reading tradition of the Masoretic Text, while Sephardi Hebrew is more closely related to the Palestinian tradition.
Ashkenazim experienced a population bottleneck around 700 years ago.
Ashkenazim wore the traditional sudra headdress until the 16th century.
Ashkenazim, Sephardim, and Mizrahim are genetically extremely close to each other, closer than to the peoples who surrounded them in the Diaspora.
Ashley Davies, a volcanologist at JPL, will describe how studying volcanoes on Earth leads to a clearer understanding of how Io's volcanoes work and how best to study them from spacecraft.
Ashton Kutcher was hospitalised after taking up a fruitarian diet.
Ashura is the tenth day of the month of Muharram.
Asia has a lot of food variety, but do not underestimate those in Latin America, the Caribbean, and Africa.
Asia has many rural villages.
Asia is four times larger than Europe.
Asia is much larger than Australia.
Asia is now home to a great deal of scientific progress.
Asia is roughly four times the size of Europe.
Asia is the largest and most populated of the world's continents.
Asia is the largest continent in the world.
Asia is the most populated continent in the world.
Asia must get through a reduction in the rate of monetary inflation.
Asia possesses 12 of the Top 19 world single-day rainfall records.
Asia's largest tulip garden in Srinagar has witnessed 3 million visitors this year.
Asian Americans growing up in the United States have a very different experience from those who came before them. There is a growing sense of pride, or self-worth, among Asian Americans. For many of them, it is stylish to be Asian in the United States, especially in southern California.
Asian Americans make up 4% of the U.S. population, but represent 20% of the students now attending America's elite Ivy League schools. They are not more intelligent or gifted than non-Asian students. The reason they outperform their peers in the classroom has everything to do with how they are raised.
Asian and African elephants are as far removed from each other as humans and chimpanzees.
Asian and Pacific Islander men have the fewest heart disease deaths.
Asian carp is cheap.
Asian carp is widely consumed in China.
Asian carp, which are not really carp at all, feed on plankton and algae near the surface of rivers and lakes.
Asian carp, which are not really carp at all, feed on plankton and algae near the surface of rivers and lakes. That is why they're often seen jumping out of the water.
Asian communities are very differentiated.
Asian communities tend to be quite closed.
Asian cuisine is often flavoured with MSG.
Asian cuisine is often flavoured with monosodium glutamate.
Asian girls are just beautiful.
Asian hornets are native to Japan but found their way to the U.S. last year.
Asian markets finished mixed.
Asian markets moved up.
Asian markets were mixed.
Asian religions inspire him to create splendid sculptures.
Asian stocks retreated today.
Asian stocks were mixed.
Asian tiger mosquitoes bite during the day.
Asian women love big black clocks.
Asian women love big black cocks.
Asian women turn me on.
Asian-American students outperform other racial or ethnic groups in math and science courses, according to a new study of 367 10th grade students in the Philadelphia area.
Asians can't drive.
Asians eat a lot of rice.
Asians eat rice.
Asians generally have black hair.
Asians tend to stick together.
Asians, especially in Japan, China and Taiwan, have worn masks for a host of cultural and environmental reasons, including non-medical ones, since at least the 1950s.
Aside from Barack Obama, all US presidents were white.
Aside from Pedro, everyone agreed with the idea.
Aside from Tom, I don't know anyone there.
Aside from a brief flirtation with belly dancing, Mary decided she would rather kick-box.
Aside from being a genius, Michael was also known for being too serious.
Aside from cameras, Ingenuity carries no scientific instruments.
Aside from fright she was not injured.
Aside from fright, she was not injured.
Aside from giving elephants and lions more room to roam, it could help speed the recovery of the sable and roan antelope, two severely endangered species that have nearly disappeared from Kruger.
Aside from government action, the Biden administration has called on private businesses, which most often are blindsided by the ransomware attacks, to modernize their cyber defenses to meet the threat.
Aside from him, nobody else came to the party.
Aside from his salary, he receives money from investments.
Aside from his work, he has no other interests.
Aside from kanji, the Japanese language only has 50 different sounds.
Aside from necessities, what one thing could you not go a day without?
Aside from not eating or drinking, you need to avoid things like fights, disputes, and gossip during the Ramadan fast.
Aside from that, I found our weekend quite magnificent.
Aside from that, I found our weekend quite splendid.
Aside from that, Mrs. Lincoln, how was the play?
Aside from that, is there anything else you want?
Aside from that, it's true that television has certain disadvantages.
Aside from that, it's true that television has certain drawbacks.
Aside from the Kuwaiti and Qatari emirs, Rhodes said Oman’s deputy prime minister and the crown princes of Bahrain and Abu Dhabi will take part in talks.
Aside from the costs of paying others for work, students might find themselves working twice as hard later to catch up.
Aside from the extra cost in time and money to replace a passport, the loss could subject the passport holder to identify theft, because it contains important personal data.
Aside from the tourist spots, it's not very prosperous, I think.
Aside from this point, things are not so simple.
Aside from this, he was in good health.
Aside from this, things are not so simple.
Ask Alex.
Ask Anna for her opinion. I'd be interested to know what she thinks.
Ask God for guidance and He will guide you.
Ask God for guidance.
Ask God for help.
Ask God that you may visit that country some day.
Ask God to guide you and He will guide you.
Ask God to guide you.
Ask God why!
Ask Jacob, the crane operator.
Ask Mary about it the next time you see her.
Ask Mary about it when she gets here.
Ask Mary and she'll tell you the same thing.
Ask Mary how she got here.
Ask Mary how she's feeling.
Ask Mary if she agrees.
Ask Mary if she can do that.
Ask Mary if she can go to Boston with us.
Ask Mary if she can help us do that.
Ask Mary if she can help us tomorrow.
Ask Mary if she can play the piano.
Ask Mary if she can speak French.
Ask Mary if she can swim.
Ask Mary if she can teach French.
Ask Mary if she enjoyed it.
Ask Mary if she has anybody to help her do that.
Ask Mary if she has anyone to help her do that.
Ask Mary if she has enough money to buy what she needs.
Ask Mary if she has to do that.
Ask Mary if she knows how to do that.
Ask Mary if she knows where Tom lives.
Ask Mary if she needs help doing that.
Ask Mary if she needs help.
Ask Mary if she needs my help.
Ask Mary if she needs to do that.
Ask Mary if she plans to be at the meeting this afternoon.
Ask Mary if she plans to be here on Monday.
Ask Mary if she really has to do that now.
Ask Mary if she really needs to be there by 2:30.
Ask Mary if she speaks French.
Ask Mary if she voted.
Ask Mary if she wants to do that with us.
Ask Mary if she wants to do that with you.
Ask Mary if she wants to do that.
Ask Mary if she wants to eat out tonight.
Ask Mary if she wants to go swimming with us.
Ask Mary if she wants to go.
Ask Mary if she'll attend the meeting.
Ask Mary if she'll be at the meeting.
Ask Mary if she'll do that.
Ask Mary if she'll go to Boston.
Ask Mary if she'll stay in Boston.
Ask Mary if she's willing to work part-time.
Ask Mary out.
Ask Mary to bring her discs.
Ask Mary to bring her disks.
Ask Mary to bring her guitar.
Ask Mary to make herself available.
Ask Mary to read it by herself.
Ask Mary what her plans are.
Ask Mary what she needs the rope for.
Ask Mary what she thinks of Boston.
Ask Mary what she wants to do.
Ask Mary what she wants to drink.
Ask Mary what she wants to eat.
Ask Mary what she wants to listen to.
Ask Mary what she wants to watch.
Ask Mary what she's doing tonight.
Ask Mary what she's done.
Ask Mary when she gets back.
Ask Mary when she plans to come back.
Ask Mary when she started studying French.
Ask Mary when she'll be here tomorrow.
Ask Mary when she'll come back.
Ask Mary when she'll do that.
Ask Mary when she'll get here.
Ask Mary when she'll go to Boston.
Ask Mary where she is.
Ask Mary where she learned French.
Ask Mary where she lives.
Ask Mary where she put her keys.
Ask Mary whether she's coming or not.
Ask Mary whether she's going to do that or not.
Ask Mary whether she's going to eat lunch with us or not.
Ask Mary who she learned French from.
Ask Mary who taught her French.
Ask Mary why she needs the rope.
Ask Mr. Leblanc if he is free tomorrow.
Ask Mrs. Iguana how her back is, and she says it's softer than silk.
Ask Sami to bring me a painkiller.
Ask Tom about Mary.
Ask Tom about his dog.
Ask Tom about his old girlfriends.
Ask Tom about it the next time you see him.
Ask Tom about it when he comes.
Ask Tom about it when he gets here.
Ask Tom about it.
Ask Tom about what happened.
Ask Tom again.
Ask Tom and Mary about it the next time you see them.
Ask Tom and Mary and they'll tell you the same thing.
Ask Tom and Mary if they can do that.
Ask Tom and Mary if they can help us do that.
Ask Tom and Mary if they have anybody to help them do that.
Ask Tom and Mary if they have anyone to help them do that.
Ask Tom and Mary if they have enough money to buy what they need.
Ask Tom and Mary if they have to do that.
Ask Tom and Mary if they know how to do that.
Ask Tom and Mary if they need help doing that.
Ask Tom and Mary if they need help.
Ask Tom and Mary if they need my help.
Ask Tom and Mary if they need to do that.
Ask Tom and Mary if they plan to be at the meeting this afternoon.
Ask Tom and Mary if they plan to be here on Monday.
Ask Tom and Mary if they really have to do that now.
Ask Tom and Mary if they really need to be there by 2:30.
Ask Tom and Mary if they want to do that with us.
Ask Tom and Mary if they want to do that with you.
Ask Tom and Mary if they want to do that.
Ask Tom and Mary if they want to go swimming with us.
Ask Tom and Mary if they'll attend the meeting.
Ask Tom and Mary if they'll be at the meeting.
Ask Tom and Mary if they'll do that.
Ask Tom and Mary if they'll go to Boston.
Ask Tom and Mary if they'll stay in Boston.
Ask Tom and Mary if they're willing to work part-time.
Ask Tom and Mary if they've sold their house yet.
Ask Tom and Mary if they've sold their houses yet.
Ask Tom and Mary to bring their guitars.
Ask Tom and Mary what their plans are.
Ask Tom and Mary what they need the rope for.
Ask Tom and Mary what they've done.
Ask Tom and Mary when they plan to come back.
Ask Tom and Mary when they'll be here tomorrow.
Ask Tom and Mary when they'll come back.
Ask Tom and Mary when they'll do that.
Ask Tom and Mary when they'll get here.
Ask Tom and Mary when they'll go to Boston.
Ask Tom and Mary where they put their keys.
Ask Tom and Mary whether they're going to do that or not.
Ask Tom and Mary whether they're going to eat lunch with us or not.
Ask Tom and Mary who taught them French.
Ask Tom and Mary why they need the rope.
Ask Tom and he'll tell you the same thing.
Ask Tom anything.
Ask Tom for a cut from the door.
Ask Tom for advice.
Ask Tom for help.
Ask Tom for help. If he doesn't help you, I will.
Ask Tom for his opinion. I'd be interested to know what he thinks.
Ask Tom for permission.
Ask Tom for some advice.
Ask Tom how Mary is.
Ask Tom how he got here.
Ask Tom how he solved the problem.
Ask Tom how he's doing.
Ask Tom how he's feeling.
Ask Tom how many people will be at his party.
Ask Tom how much they helped.
Ask Tom how old he is.
Ask Tom how that happens.
Ask Tom how that worked out.
Ask Tom how that works.
Ask Tom how to do it.
Ask Tom how to do that.
Ask Tom how to do this.
Ask Tom how to pronounce this word.
Ask Tom if Mary can do that.
Ask Tom if Mary can swim.
Ask Tom if Mary can take care of herself.
Ask Tom if Mary will come with us or not.
Ask Tom if Mary will do that.
Ask Tom if Mary will eat lunch with us today.
Ask Tom if he agrees.
Ask Tom if he can do that.
Ask Tom if he can go to Australia with us.
Ask Tom if he can go to Boston with us.
Ask Tom if he can help us do that.
Ask Tom if he can help us tomorrow.
Ask Tom if he can play the piano.
Ask Tom if he can speak French.
Ask Tom if he can swim.
Ask Tom if he can teach French.
Ask Tom if he can understand French.
Ask Tom if he enjoyed it.
Ask Tom if he has any friends who can speak French.
Ask Tom if he has any friends.
Ask Tom if he has anybody to help him do that.
Ask Tom if he has anyone to help him do that.
Ask Tom if he has enough money to buy what he needs.
Ask Tom if he has to do that.
Ask Tom if he is really ready to fight.
Ask Tom if he knows Mary.
Ask Tom if he knows how to do that.
Ask Tom if he knows how to operate a forklift.
Ask Tom if he knows where Mary lives.
Ask Tom if he needs help doing that.
Ask Tom if he needs help.
Ask Tom if he needs my help.
Ask Tom if he needs to do that.
Ask Tom if he plans to be at the meeting this afternoon.
Ask Tom if he plans to be here on Monday.
Ask Tom if he plans to be here on October 20th.
Ask Tom if he really has to do that by himself.
Ask Tom if he really has to do that now.
Ask Tom if he really has to do that today.
Ask Tom if he really has to do that.
Ask Tom if he really needs to be there by 2:30.
Ask Tom if he speaks French.
Ask Tom if he understands French.
Ask Tom if he voted.
Ask Tom if he wants another drink.
Ask Tom if he wants me to help him do that.
Ask Tom if he wants to do that with us.
Ask Tom if he wants to do that with you.
Ask Tom if he wants to do that.
Ask Tom if he wants to eat out tonight.
Ask Tom if he wants to go swimming with us.
Ask Tom if he wants to go with us.
Ask Tom if he wants to go.
Ask Tom if he'll attend the meeting.
Ask Tom if he'll be at the meeting.
Ask Tom if he'll come or not.
Ask Tom if he'll do that.
Ask Tom if he'll go to Australia.
Ask Tom if he'll go to Boston.
Ask Tom if he'll stay in Australia.
Ask Tom if he'll stay in Boston.
Ask Tom if he's going out tonight.
Ask Tom if he's going to Australia.
Ask Tom if he's going to Boston.
Ask Tom if he's going to do that or not.
Ask Tom if he's going to do that today.
Ask Tom if he's going to help us do that.
Ask Tom if he's going to the party tonight.
Ask Tom if he's planning on doing that.
Ask Tom if he's planning to do that.
Ask Tom if he's planning to help us.
Ask Tom if he's sold his house yet.
Ask Tom if he's willing to work part-time.
Ask Tom if we can do that.
Ask Tom if we can speak French.
Ask Tom if you can pet his dog.
Ask Tom if you don't believe me.
Ask Tom if you have any doubt.
Ask Tom if you have any doubts.
Ask Tom instead.
Ask Tom not to come.
Ask Tom not to go there.
Ask Tom not to leave.
Ask Tom not to wait for me.
Ask Tom to apologize to Mary.
Ask Tom to ask Mary to do that.
Ask Tom to attend the meeting.
Ask Tom to attend today's meeting.
Ask Tom to be quiet.
Ask Tom to bring Mary tomorrow.
Ask Tom to bring his guitar.
Ask Tom to call me as soon as he returns.
Ask Tom to call me back.
Ask Tom to call me.
Ask Tom to call me. He has my number.
Ask Tom to clear away the dishes.
Ask Tom to come and see me, will you, please?
Ask Tom to come down.
Ask Tom to come early tomorrow.
Ask Tom to come here immediately.
Ask Tom to come here.
Ask Tom to come immediately.
Ask Tom to come out.
Ask Tom to come outside.
Ask Tom to come right away.
Ask Tom to come to Australia.
Ask Tom to come to Boston.
Ask Tom to come tomorrow.
Ask Tom to come.
Ask Tom to do it.
Ask Tom to do that for you.
Ask Tom to do that.
Ask Tom to do this.
Ask Tom to explain it.
Ask Tom to give us some money.
Ask Tom to go to Australia for you.
Ask Tom to go to Boston for you.
Ask Tom to help us.
Ask Tom to help you.
Ask Tom to help.
Ask Tom to join us.
Ask Tom to leave.
Ask Tom to lend you some money.
Ask Tom to make himself available.
Ask Tom to play with you.
Ask Tom to put the milk back in the refrigerator.
Ask Tom to sing.
Ask Tom to sketch out his plan.
Ask Tom to smile.
Ask Tom to speak to me.
Ask Tom to stay a while.
Ask Tom to stay.
Ask Tom to stop doing that.
Ask Tom to stop lying.
Ask Tom to wait for me.
Ask Tom to wait here for me.
Ask Tom to wait here.
Ask Tom to wait till I come.
Ask Tom to wait until I get there.
Ask Tom to wait until at least 2:30.
Ask Tom to wait until we get there.
Ask Tom to walk you home.
Ask Tom what he bought.
Ask Tom what he did.
Ask Tom what he needs the rope for.
Ask Tom what he needs.
Ask Tom what he thinks of Australia.
Ask Tom what he thinks of Boston.
Ask Tom what he thought of it.
Ask Tom what he wants to buy.
Ask Tom what he wants to do.
Ask Tom what he wants to drink.
Ask Tom what he wants to eat.
Ask Tom what he wants to listen to.
Ask Tom what he wants to watch.
Ask Tom what he wants us to do.
Ask Tom what he wants.
Ask Tom what he'd like to do.
Ask Tom what he'll drink.
Ask Tom what he'll eat.
Ask Tom what he's doing tonight.
Ask Tom what he's done.
Ask Tom what his plans are.
Ask Tom what his sister's name is.
Ask Tom what is best for him.
Ask Tom what time he wants us to get there.
Ask Tom what to do next.
Ask Tom what we need to do next.
Ask Tom what we should do next.
Ask Tom what you should do.
Ask Tom when Mary will do that.
Ask Tom when he gets back.
Ask Tom when he plans to come back.
Ask Tom when he started studying French.
Ask Tom when he'll be back.
Ask Tom when he'll be coming back.
Ask Tom when he'll be here tomorrow.
Ask Tom when he'll come back.
Ask Tom when he'll do that.
Ask Tom when he'll get here.
Ask Tom when he'll go to Australia.
Ask Tom when he'll go to Boston.
Ask Tom when he's coming back.
Ask Tom where Mary is.
Ask Tom where Mary lives.
Ask Tom where he bought his hat.
Ask Tom where he is.
Ask Tom where he learned French.
Ask Tom where he lives.
Ask Tom where he parked his car.
Ask Tom where he put his keys.
Ask Tom where he wants you to put his suitcase.
Ask Tom where he went last Monday.
Ask Tom where he's going.
Ask Tom whether Mary is at home or not.
Ask Tom whether he can swim.
Ask Tom whether he wants another drink.
Ask Tom whether he'll come or not.
Ask Tom whether he'll do that or not.
Ask Tom whether he'll eat with us or not.
Ask Tom whether he's at home or not.
Ask Tom whether he's coming or not.
Ask Tom whether he's going to do that or not.
Ask Tom whether he's going to eat lunch with us or not.
Ask Tom whether it's true or not.
Ask Tom whether it's true.
Ask Tom who he learned French from.
Ask Tom who taught him French.
Ask Tom why he did that.
Ask Tom why he hasn't done it yet.
Ask Tom why he needs the rope.
Ask Tom why that happens.
Ask Tom yourself.
Ask Tom.
Ask Tom. He should know.
Ask Tom. He's one of my good friends.
Ask Tom. Maybe he knows.
Ask Trang if he's going out this evening.
Ask Trang if he’s going out this evening.
Ask Trang if she's going out tonight.
Ask Trang if she’s going out tonight.
Ask Yidir. He knows everything about Algeria.
Ask Ziri out for lunch.
Ask Ziri to help you find a good lawyer.
Ask Ziri.
Ask a policeman!
Ask a question.
Ask a rhetorical question to get people thinking and excited.
Ask a silly question and you'll get a silly answer.
Ask a six-year-old, not a sixty-year-old.
Ask a teacher.
Ask a woman.
Ask about him.
Ask again later.
Ask again tomorrow.
Ask an administrator.
Ask an adult to preheat the oven to 425° Fahrenheit.
Ask an expert first!
Ask an expert.
Ask and you shall receive.
Ask and you shall receive; your joy will be perfect.
Ask any woman.
Ask anybody who's had a chance to meet Khanna in person, and they'll tell you just how easy it is to warm up to him.
Ask anybody.
Ask anyone.
Ask anything.
Ask around.
Ask as many questions as you can.
Ask as many questions as you like.
Ask as many times as necessary.
Ask at the police box over there.
Ask at the police station over there.
Ask at the post office what our new postcode is.
Ask before you borrow your sister's clothes.
Ask dad!
Ask downstairs.
Ask elsewhere.
Ask everybody.
Ask for God's guidance.
Ask for Tom.
Ask for a book you're looking for.
Ask for a number three.
Ask for a second opinion if you have any doubts about your diagnosis.
Ask for another blanket if it's cold tonight.
Ask for another blanket if it’s cold tonight.
Ask for feedback.
Ask for forgiveness.
Ask for help from your teacher or parents if you're having trouble understanding something.
Ask for help if the fish show any signs of illness.
Ask for help if you need it.
Ask for help if you need to move the TV, it's heavy.
Ask for help if you're unsure about anything regarding your guinea pig.
Ask for her advice.
Ask for her.
Ask for him.
Ask for his advice.
Ask for it.
Ask for me and you will be admitted.
Ask for more money.
Ask for permission before lending the tablet to someone else.
Ask for some written estimates.
Ask for the moon and I shall wrest it from the heavens.
Ask for what you want.
Ask forgiveness.
Ask freely.
Ask her again.
Ask her any question in German.
Ask her anything.
Ask her for advice.
Ask her her name.
Ask her how much soup she wants.
Ask her how to get to the station.
Ask her if she'll sew up the hole in your jeans.
Ask her if she’ll sew up the hole in your jeans.
Ask her instead.
Ask her not to go there.
Ask her not to wait for me.
Ask her once more.
Ask her one more time.
Ask her that question.
Ask her the way to the station.
Ask her to call me.
Ask her to come immediately.
Ask her to come straight away.
Ask her to come tomorrow.
Ask her to come, dummy.
Ask her to come.
Ask her to explain it.
Ask her to give us some money.
Ask her to help you.
Ask her to join us.
Ask her to lend me a little bit of money.
Ask her to lend me a little money.
Ask her to lend me some money.
Ask her to send me a candle.
Ask her to stay.
Ask her to wait here.
Ask her to wait till I come.
Ask her to wait, please.
Ask her what her name is.
Ask her what she bought.
Ask her what she has done.
Ask her when he will come back.
Ask her when she comes back.
Ask her when she gets back.
Ask her when she will come back.
Ask her when she'll be back.
Ask her when she'll be coming back.
Ask her when she'll come back.
Ask her when she's coming back.
Ask her where he parked her car.
Ask her where he parked his car.
Ask her where she parked her car.
Ask her yourself.
Ask her!
Ask her.
Ask him about his dog.
Ask him about it when he comes.
Ask him about it.
Ask him again.
Ask him anything.
Ask him first of all.
Ask him for advice.
Ask him for something; he'll be glad.
Ask him his name.
Ask him how he's getting back.
Ask him if he can speak Japanese.
Ask him if he comes or not.
Ask him if he is coming.
Ask him if he speaks Japanese.
Ask him if he wants to come.
Ask him if he wants to go with us.
Ask him if he will attend the meeting.
Ask him if they still live in Tokyo.
Ask him if you have any doubt.
Ask him instead.
Ask him not to go there.
Ask him not to wait for me.
Ask him out for a drink.
Ask him something that only he would know the answer to.
Ask him that question.
Ask him the way to station.
Ask him the way to the station.
Ask him to attend the meeting.
Ask him to call me if he's free.
Ask him to call me.
Ask him to come immediately.
Ask him to come straight away.
Ask him to come tomorrow.
Ask him to explain it.
Ask him to help you.
Ask him to join us.
Ask him to send me a candle.
Ask him to send this e-mail when it's ready.
Ask him to sketch out his plan.
Ask him to speak Berber for you.
Ask him to speak louder. He can't be understood.
Ask him to stay a while.
Ask him to wait here.
Ask him to wait till I come.
Ask him what he bought.
Ask him what he wants to drink.
Ask him what he wants.
Ask him what to do next.
Ask him when he comes back.
Ask him when he is going to leave.
Ask him when he will come back.
Ask him when he'll arrive here about.
Ask him when he'll be back.
Ask him when he's coming back.
Ask him when she will come back.
Ask him when she's coming back.
Ask him when the next plane leaves.
Ask him when the next plane will be.
Ask him when to get together next.
Ask him where he parked her car.
Ask him where he parked his car.
Ask him whether Mary is at home or not.
Ask him whether Tom is at home or not.
Ask him whether he comes.
Ask him whether he saw the spotlights.
Ask him whether he will be able to participate in the meeting.
Ask him whether she is at home or not.
Ask him whether they still live in Tokyo.
Ask him yourself.
Ask him!
Ask him.
Ask however many times you feel is necessary.
Ask if anyone wants to talk about the accident.
Ask if he wants another drink.
Ask if you are able to do something together.
Ask if you don't understand something.
Ask inside.
Ask me a question.
Ask me about it tomorrow.
Ask me about that.
Ask me again and I'll tell you the same thing.
Ask me again another time.
Ask me again in October.
Ask me again in three months and I might give you a different answer.
Ask me again in three months and I might have a different answer.
Ask me again some other time.
Ask me again.
Ask me any question about Islam.
Ask me any question and I'll try to answer it.
Ask me anything anytime.
Ask me anything you like.
Ask me anything you want to know about Australia.
Ask me anything you want to know about Boston.
Ask me anything you want to know about Tom.
Ask me anything you want.
Ask me anything!
Ask me anything.
Ask me as many questions as you like. I'll try to answer them all.
Ask me before you borrow my clothes.
Ask me how.
Ask me if I care.
Ask me if you don't understand.
Ask me no questions and I'll tell you no lies.
Ask me no questions, I'll tell you no lies.
Ask me no questions.
Ask me some simple questions so that I can practice answering in English.
Ask me something about Algeria.
Ask me something easier.
Ask me something else.
Ask me something hard today.
Ask me that question again.
Ask me that tomorrow.
Ask me the first question that pops into your mind.
Ask me tomorrow.
Ask me what I want.
Ask me what you want to know.
Ask me whenever you're in doubt.
Ask me whenever you’re in doubt.
Ask me, so that I may love you and your brothers.
Ask me.
Ask mom!
Ask more questions.
Ask my friends.
Ask my lips.
Ask my sister to show you.
Ask native speakers for feedback on your pronunciation.
Ask native speakers for help when you don't understand something.
Ask nicely.
Ask nicer next time.
Ask no questions and hear no lies.
Ask no questions and you will hear no lies.
Ask not what Algeria can do for you but ask what you can do for Algeria.
Ask not what your country can do for you. Ask what you can do for your country.
Ask one of your friends. They might know.
Ask oneself questions is a sign of intelligence.
Ask only "yes" or "no" questions.
Ask only questions that can be answered with yes or no.
Ask outside.
Ask people about Islam.
Ask people passing by.
Ask politely.
Ask properly.
Ask questions about Islam.
Ask questions.
Ask somebody else to pay for that.
Ask somebody else.
Ask somebody.
Ask someone else besides me.
Ask someone else to pay for that.
Ask someone else.
Ask something.
Ask such questions that other people would answer with pleasure.
Ask ten people, get ten answers.
Ask that policeman who's standing over there.
Ask that question to a man as well.
Ask the boy to bring us a photograph of his father.
Ask the driver to stop at the next bus stop.
Ask the janitor; I bet he knows.
Ask the policeman over there.
Ask the policeman the way.
Ask the policeman where St. James Square is.
Ask the policeman.
Ask the receptionist, whom I'm sure knows.
Ask the superintendent; he's sure to know.
Ask the teacher to tell him.
Ask the teacher when you have a question.
Ask the waitress for the menu.
Ask them again.
Ask them anything.
Ask them how to get to the station.
Ask them instead.
Ask them not to go there.
Ask them not to wait for me.
Ask them the way to the station.
Ask them to call me.
Ask them to come tomorrow.
Ask them to come.
Ask them to explain it.
Ask them to help you.
Ask them to help.
Ask them to join us.
Ask them to wait till I come.
Ask them where he parked her car.
Ask them yourself.
Ask them!
Ask them.
Ask those who know.
Ask upstairs.
Ask us anything.
Ask whatever you like.
Ask whatever you want to ask.
Ask whatever you want to.
Ask whatever you want.
Ask when his birthday is.
Ask when the next bus is.
Ask when the next train is.
Ask whether Russians have already flown in.
Ask whether the Russians have already flown in.
Ask whichever of the boys you see first.
Ask your God for that.
Ask your Honda friends.
Ask your Muslim neighbors and they'll tell you.
Ask your boss for a raise.
Ask your boyfriend why!
Ask your classmates to form a study group to share ideas and support each other.
Ask your dad to help you.
Ask your doctor what he thinks.
Ask your doctor's advice before taking any medication.
Ask your doctors.
Ask your family.
Ask your mom if you can come out and play with us.
Ask your mother for forgiveness immediately!
Ask your mother.
Ask your own conscience, Sir William, what has prompted you to become a renegade to your political party and opinions, and led you, for what I know, to be on the point of marrying your only daughter to a beggarly Jacobite bankrupt, the inveterate enemy of your family to the boot.
Ask your parents for permission.
Ask your parents to check your homework for any errors or mistakes.
Ask your parents.
Ask your peers.
Ask your question.
Ask your questions now!
Ask your sister to follow your rules.
Ask your teacher and he will assign you one.
Ask your teacher where to place the accent.
Ask yourself some time, what does it mean that you have more ears than mouths?
Ask yourself that question.
Ask yourself this question.
Ask yourself whether you are happy, and you cease to be so.
Ask yourself whether you did everything to reach your goal.
Ask yourself why.
Ask yourself.
Ask yourselves.
Ask!
Ask, and it shall be given to you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened to you; for every one who is asking doth receive, and he who is seeking doth find, and to him who is knocking it shall be opened.
Ask, and it shall be given you.
Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you.
Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you: For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened.
Ask, and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock, and the door will be opened to you. Everyone who asks receives; everyone who searches finds; everyone who knocks will have the door opened.
Ask, and you'll only have to be embarrassed for a moment, but don't ask, and you'll be embarrassed until the day you die.
Ask, don't be shy.
Ask.
Asked about her job, she said, "My job is too complicated to sum up in a word."
Asked by the ticket inspector on the train for his ticket, he replied that he had only wanted to travel one stop, which was why he hadn't bought one.
Asked from what country he came, he replied, "I am a citizen of the world."
Asked if he had lied to the Queen when advising her to prorogue Parliament, and whether he had misled her about his reasons for wanting a suspension, he replied: “Absolutely not.”
Asked if he was bipolar, Charlie Sheen replied that he was "bi-winning."
Asked if he was happy, Tom said he was.
Asked if he was happy, Tom said that he was.
Asked to do her a favor, he completely ignored it.
Asked to marry him, I was at a loss for words.
Asked what exactly a right was, I was at a loss to explain it.
Asked what he gained from philosophy, he answered, "To do without being commanded what others do from fear of the laws."
Asked what her doctor thought about her longevity, the centenarian replied: "I don't have a doctor. He died."
Asking "Are we there yet?" over and over won't get us there any sooner.
Asking a non-native French speaker to translate a document into French is like asking an accountant to build you a house.
Asking a woman how old she is is not a good idea.
Asking for help doesn't mean surrendering.
Asking for oranges on apple trees is a common illness.
Asking for seconds would be unseemly.
Asking is important.
Asking our people to vote in a peaceful way is not a crime.
Asking questions is a good way to learn.
Asking questions is how we learn.
Asking questions is the best way to learn things.
Asking questions is the best way to learn.
Aslan the wise lion heard bad news from his doctor. Turns out an all red meat diet is bad for your health.
Asmara is the capital of Eritrea.
Aspartame is an artificial sugar.
Aspen also produce chlorophyll in their bark, allowing the tree to begin photosynthesizing before leaves have emerged.
Asperger syndrome is a form of autism.
Asphyxiation was the cause of death.
Aspire to be a person that everyone enjoys interacting with.
Aspirin can provide quick relief for a headache.
Aspirin comes from willow bark.
Aspirin does not help everything, however. It can cause problems, like an increased danger of stomach bleeding and ulcers. And it can interfere with other medicines. Also, some people should not take aspirin. These include people who take other blood thinners or have bleeding disorders. Pregnant women are usually also told to avoid aspirin.
Aspirin has no effect on blood pressure.
Aspirin has no effect on the blood pressure.
Aspirin, for example, was derived in the 19th century from salicylic acid, a long-time remedy for pains and fever found in plants like willow and meadowsweet. It was developed and marketed by the German company Bayer.
Aspiring converts to Judaism are traditionally rejected at first, only allowed to convert if they persist in wanting to do so.
Ass-kisser.
Assad has not been pictured since he met the Iranian foreign minister in Damascus a week ago. That day, he vowed to "crush" the rebels seizing territory with dizzying speed.
Assam tea is known for its robust and malty flavors, originating in India.
Assam's chief minister, Tarun Gogoi, has declared a state of emergency, and sought assistance from India's federal government in coping with the floods, which he says are among the worst in the last fifty years. Hundreds of villages along the Brahmaputra River in the state are swamped by swirling waters.
Assange could eventually be extradited to the United States.
Assange exposed uncomfortable truths.
Assange has millions of supporters.
Assange hid inside the Ecuadorian embassy in London.
Assange is an advocate of freedom of speech.
Assange is considered by a hero by some and a traitor by others.
Assange is currently rotting in a jail.
Assange is currently sitting in a British prison.
Assange is now in a maximum security prison in Britain.
Assange is now in jail.
Assange is now sitting in a British prison where he is subjected to psychological torture.
Assange leaked images that show American soldiers opening fire on civilians.
Assange published many leaked documents.
Assange received tons of classified documents that he published on his website, Wikileaks.
Assange showed symptoms of psychological torture.
Assange sought political asylum inside the Ecuadorian embassy.
Assange took refuge in the Ecuadorian embassy in London.
Assange tried to damage Hilary Clinton's campaign.
Assange was accused of attempting to crack a US government password to steal classified documents.
Assange was almost unrecognizable.
Assange went to the Ecuadorian embassy in London.
Assange won't receive a fair trial in the US.
Assassinate the assassin. Soldiers should understand this. Once their killing is done, they are to be killed themselves and at times slowly.
Assassination has never changed the history of the world.
Assateague Island is a 43.5-kilometer barrier island.
Assateague island is made mostly of sand, and stretches for 43.5 kilometers.
Assault is very bad.
Assemble all of the leaders of my army.
Assemble the towel rack before you install it on the wall.
Assemble the towel rack before you install it.
Assembling data from 73 records that overlap in time, the scientists pieced together global average temperatures since the end of the last ice age.
Assembling the furniture took two hours.
Assert your dominance.
Assertiveness isn't one of Tebboune's strong suits.
Assess people, not based on their appearance, but on their behavior.
Assess people, not based on their appearance, but on their behaviour.
Assets have earning power or some other value to their owner.
Asshole!
Asshole.
Asshole. Say it again if you dare.
Assia Djebar is an Algerian author.
Assigning numbers to abstract things is a dangerous business.
Assigning you a difficult task without the resources to accomplish it is just setting you up for failure.
Assist him in resolving his difficulties.
Assist me, I entreat you, Daphnis. An eagle has carried off the finest of my twenty geese.
Assist us in resolving this difficulty.
Assisted suicide is a common practice in countries like Switzerland.
Asskisser!
Associating all Muslims with terrorism is wrong.
Associating terrorism with all Muslims is misleading.
Assonance has value in poetry.
Assonance is a similarity between words based on their vowel sounds.
Assonance is extremely important to Spanish poetry.
Assume that every problem in your life is a lesson to make you stronger. Then you never feel like a victim.
Assume the worst about Ziri.
Assuming it rains tomorrow, what should I do?
Assuming it's nice weather tomorrow, let's have a barbeque in the garden.
Assuming the appropriate name of Little, our author published in 1801, a volume of poems, chiefly amatory, which, though they established his poetical reputation, were severely censured for their warmth and licentiousness.
Assuming the assassination attempt wasn't fake, which I have doubts about, it's a shame he missed.
Assuming this thing actually works, we'll be rich.
Assuming what you say is true, what should I do?
Assuming your story is true, what should I do?
Assumptions are the things you don’t know you’re making.
Assumptions can blind us to people's true potential.
Astaghfirullah.
Astana is the capital of Kazakhstan.
Astana successfully hosted an internationally recognized exposition in 2017.
Astatine was first made at Berkeley by bombarding bismuth with alpha particles, which produced astatine and released two neutrons.
Asterisks are used in online roleplay to indicate an action or event.
Asteroid number 9007 of the series has a diameter of about 3.7 km and is named James Bond to honour the secret agent created by Ian Fleming.
Asteroids are not close to each other. They are roughly 1 million miles from each other.
Asteroids are rocky bodies that orbit the sun, mostly in a belt between Mars and Jupiter.
Asteroids can be a few feet to several hundred miles wide.
Asteroids over ten kilometers wide could cause dinosaur-level mass extinctions and would be bad for the stock market.
Asters bloom in the garden.
Asthma runs in his family.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool seven to two.
Astonish your friends by teaching your dog to do backflips!
Astonishment deprived me of speech.
Astounding, isn't it?
Astounding, isn’t it?
AstraZeneca has been withdrawn.
Astral projection augmented by sophisticated instrumentation became utilized for exploration of distant parts of the universe.
Astro Boy protected the country from danger.
Astrobee consists of three self-contained, free flying robots and a docking station inside the International Space Station.
Astrobiologists study the possibility of life elsewhere in the universe.
Astrobiologists think our best bet for finding life on other planets is to search for water.
Astrobiologists wonder whether life outside the Earth is based on DNA as on the Earth.
Astrobiology is the study of life’s origins on Earth and the potential for life in Universe.
Astrolabe is an elaborate inclinometer, and can be considered an analog calculator capable of working out several different kinds of problems in astronomy.
Astrolabe was used in classical antiquity, the Islamic Golden Age, the European Middle Ages and the Age of Discovery.
Astrology is a pseudoscience.
Astronaut Al Worden, who flew around the moon as part of the Apollo 15 mission in 1971, died in his sleep, his family said Wednesday. He was 88.
Astronaut Ed White performed the first American spacewalk during the Gemini 4 mission on June 3, 1965.
Astronauts aboard the ISS do not feel the effects of gravity as we do on Earth.
Astronauts are scheduled to exercise approximately two hours per day to maintain their health while on the ISS.
Astronauts are weightless and can sleep in any orientation. However, they have to attach themselves so they don't float around and bump into something.
Astronauts eat specially prepared food during their missions.
Astronauts filter their pee and drink it.
Astronauts from the U.S. space shuttle Atlantis are now halfway through the four spacewalks needed to mount the truss and string cables through it.
Astronauts have to stay physically fit during long space missions to avoid muscle loss.
Astronauts must wear special suits to survive in space.
Astronauts often describe space as both beautiful and overwhelming.
Astronauts practice all of the jobs they will need to know during their space mission. They practice these jobs many, many times.
Astronauts prepare for spacewalks by practicing their tasks underwater in a giant pool called NASA's Neutral Buoyancy Laboratory.
Astronauts train for years to prepare for their space missions.
Astronauts use tethers to keep tools from floating away. They tether their tools to their spacesuits.
Astronauts wear spacesuits.
Astronauts who get bored with limited and repetitive choices may eat less and lose weight or develop other health problems.
Astronauts write in journals to express their feelings.
Astronauts' muscles atrophy when they spend a long time in zero gravity.
Astronomers also have used NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope, which observes in infrared light, to study extrasolar planets. In 2007, the Spitzer telescope detected water vapor for the first time on another world.
Astronomers announced that they had discovered a ninth planet in our Solar System.
Astronomers are expressing concern that without relief scores of manmade satellites in low Earth orbit will disrupt their ability to observe the stars and other celestial bodies from Earth.
Astronomers are studying Mercury's impact craters.
Astronomers are studying Mercury.
Astronomers believe Saturn's rings developed from particles that resulted from the break-up of naturally occurring satellites.
Astronomers believe that all galaxies, like our Milky Way, have super-massive black holes at their center, 10,000 to 20,000 times the mass of our sun, acting as nature's vacuum cleaners by sucking everything near them inside. We also know of small black holes created when dying stars collapse inward. Now, the Hubble space telescope has vindicated theorists by finding two of the intermediate variety, about 4,000 times the mass of our sun.
Astronomers believe the Great Red Spot is caused by a potent hurricane-like storm system in Jupiter's atmosphere.
Astronomers believe the rings are made of pieces of dusty water ice, which range in size from dust grains to boulders. These particles gently collide with each other as they go around Saturn.
Astronomers claim they have discovered the ninth planet of the Solar System.
Astronomers continue to study Mercury.
Astronomers estimate Jupiter's core temperature at 20,000 degrees Celsius, approximately three times greater than the temperature of the Earth's core.
Astronomers estimate that a gamma ray burst goes off in our galaxy only about once every 10,000 years, but they are visible to us only about every 10,000,000 to 100,000,000 years. Even then, one of these events wouldn't necessarily pose a threat to our planet.
Astronomers expect Roman to reveal significant numbers of rocky worlds in and beyond the region where liquid water may exist.
Astronomers followed the S2 star as it passed close to the black hole on May 19 at a speed in excess of 25 million kilometers per hour.
Astronomers have a rough idea of the size and shape of the Milky Way’s arms, but much remains unknown: They can’t see the full structure of our home galaxy because Earth is inside it.
Astronomers have already located some habitable-zone planets.
Astronomers have detected swirls of diamonds, hundreds of thousands of times smaller than a grain of sand, in the protoplanetary or circumstellar disks of three baby star systems in the Milky Way - V892 Tau, HD 97048, and MWC 297.
Astronomers have discovered a galaxy that has almost no dark matter.
Astronomers have observed sixty-two moons orbiting Saturn.
Astronomers have unveiled the first picture of a black hole.
Astronomers have used Hubble’s sharp vision to probe the limits of the visible universe, uncovering never-before-seen objects that existed not long after the birth of the universe in the Big Bang.
Astronomers inferred the existence of a local supercluster.
Astronomers last year linked observations of an FRB spotted in our Milky Way galaxy with a region where a known magnetar resides.
Astronomers may like the article "A population study of hot Jupiter atmospheres."
Astronomers registered 2,958 previously unknown near-Earth asteroids over the course of the year, the most since 1998, the year the U.S. space agency, NASA, began tracking such objects.
Astronomers say that the comet, which made its closest approach to the Sun, or perihelion, on January 30, 2015, was also one of the most dazzling and active comets to pass us since comet Hale-Bopp in 1997.
Astronomers say they have discovered evidence of the first intermediate-size black hole, created by the merger of two smaller black holes.
Astronomers say they have discovered evidence of the first intermediate-size black hole.
Astronomers say they have found definitive evidence that White Dwarf stars form crystal cores made of metallic oxygen and carbon. A white dwarf is a star that is in its final phase of dying before becoming a black dwarf, a cold and lifeless hunk of rock, trillions of years later. Scientists expect that, in about 10 billion years, our own Sun will also become a white dwarf and then later a black dwarf star.
Astronomers study the stars to understand the universe better.
Astronomers think a collision with a larger body caused the dwarf planet to lose its surface ice, producing the rapid spin.
Astronomers think that Mercury lost most of its mantle after a collision with another planet.
Astronomers think that Mercury was hit by a planet smaller than itself and caused it to lose most of its mantle.
Astronomers think that about 100,000 million comets orbit the Sun.
Astronomers think that if it were not for the giant planet Jupiter exerting its gravitational force on the asteroids in the belt, the inner planets would be constantly bombarded by large asteroids.
Astronomers think that the solar system is more than 4 billion years old.
Astronomers think the Great Red Spot is a large hurricane-like storm in Jupiter's atmosphere.
Astronomers use Latin for naming celestial objects.
Astronomers use radio waves to study celestial objects that are too far away to see.
Astronomers use the term “conjunction” to describe any time two celestial bodies appear to meet in the sky, as viewed from Earth.
Astronomy deals with the stars and planets.
Astronomy has always been something that has interested me.
Astronomy is an expensive hobby.
Astronomy is at the same time the most ancient and the most modern science.
Astronomy is by no means a new science.
Astronomy is hard.
Astronomy is like geography. It should be part of basic education as it was for me.
Astronomy is not boring. It's cool.
Astronomy is one of my hobbies.
Astronomy is one of my interests.
Astronomy is one of the oldest sciences.
Astronomy is perhaps the science whose discoveries owe least to chance, in which human understanding appears in its whole magnitude, and through which man can best learn how small he is.
Astronomy is the science of heavenly bodies.
Astronomy is the science of the universe.
Astronomy may possibly be one of the oldest sciences.
Astronomy teaches humility.
Astrophysicist Daniel Reardon ended up in the hospital after inserting powerful magnets in his nostrils while try to build a necklace that warns people when they touch their face, in order to protect them from the coronavirus.
Astylus expressed himself well-pleased with what Daphnis presented to him, and pending the arrival of his father, he engaged in hare hunting, as became a young man of wealth who merely visited the country for a change of amusement.
Astylus, their master's son, arrived on horse-back, and a fawning parasite, who always accompanied him, rode by his side.
Asunción is the capital of Paraguay.
Asylum applications increased significantly in the US and Brazil in 2016 and 2017.
Asylum claims made after an illegal entry are called defensive asylum and are handled by the Department of Justice. Asylum claims made by people who came to the U.S. legally are called affirmative asylum and handled by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services.
Asylum is one of the human rights.
At 0 degrees, ice thaws.
At 1 p.m. I have lunch at a restaurant.
At 1 pm I have lunch at a restaurant.
At 10 o'clock yesterday, there were hundreds of people outside.
At 10 o’clock yesterday, there were hundreds of people outside.
At 10 p.m. I was asleep.
At 10½, Goldie is older than most adoptees.
At 18, she has already had her first child.
At 28, musician Fabi Reyna is the founder and editor-in-chief of She Shreds magazine, a publication dedicated to women guitarists and bassists.
At 2:00 a.m. he finally found the solution.
At 2:30 PM, the train collided with the bus.
At 3 a.m. I was sick.
At 3 a.m. this morning, I was sick.
At 4,241 kilometres, the Mackenzie River is the longest river in Canada.
At 4:00 p.m., the 7–11 convenience stores which occupy nearly every street corner in this school district are packed with boys buying fried fish-balls, barbecued pork buns and chocolate bars.
At 5:00 a.m. we all head out to our cars.
At 6pm yesterday, he was at work.
At 7 p.m. I have dinner with my family.
At 7 pm, I have dinner at home.
At 7.20 a.m. the following day, Pam burst into Amanda's room looking very upset.
At 70, she still has her own teeth.
At 78 you should be retired.
At 79, Atwood is the oldest to win a Booker.
At 8 o'clock I go to the office and begin to work immediately.
At 8:30, there was still no sign of Fadil.
At 9 o'clock, Fadil returned home.
At 90, Tom's grandfather still leads a very active life.
At 90, Tom's grandmother still leads a very active life.
At Ar-Rabadha I met Abu Dhar who was wearing a cloak, and his slave, too, was wearing a similar one.
At Christmas and Easter the church is packed.
At Christmas he went out of his way to buy me a really nice model plane.
At Christmas she went out of her way to buy me a really nice model plane.
At Christmas the whole family meets.
At Christmas we send Christmas cards to our friends.
At Christmas, Daniel decided he would surprise Amanda.
At Christmas, all families decorate a fir tree.
At Christmas, one eats roast goose, red cabbage, and wheat buns.
At Diack’s eatery on a busy Friday evening, some of his patrons tuck into slow-roasted pork loin with quince and potato mash, grilled apples and brandy butter sauce.
At Easter we eat chocolate rabbits.
At Easter, on April 21nd, Cabral reached Brazil.
At Fadil's command, Layla shot.
At Harpers Ferry, between tree covered hills, the Potomac breaks through the Blue Ridge Mountains and meets the Shenandoah River, creating one of the most dramatic vistas in the watershed.
At Harvard College, the school’s undergraduate community rallied to provide support for those affected by their college’s short-notice decision to shut down student housing.
At Harvard, Tom hopes to prepare himself for life after school.
At Hmadouche is a village located in Kabylia.
At Honest Chocolate, in Cape Town, South Africa, artisan chocolatier Anthony Grid keeps the temperature of his raw chocolate below 42 degrees.
At Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, legacy admissions were ended recently. JHU President Ronald J. Daniels said that many children of Hopkins’ graduates already have social and educational advantages.
At Kabyle wedding parties, many women would wear Kabyle dresses.
At Konkuk University he studied metallurgy, and discovered a talent for goldsmithing and silversmithing.
At Kuroda Primary School we assemble at a prearranged time and go to school as a group.
At Kyoto University's Primate Research Institute, a chimpanzee is performing a task that is impossible for a person to do, revealing how chimp cognition can mirror—and in some cases surpass—the capabilities of the human brain.
At Lake Gatun — created 100 years ago to supply water for the canal — Captain Ubaldo Pimentel has been running a passenger boat for decades. He says engineers are using dredging ships and dynamite to create deeper, wider passageways to the new Gatun locks.
At Langara College, I took charcoal drawing. On occasion, there was a nude model.
At Long Beach, Washington, I lodged overnight in a hotel. I walked on the beach barefooted.
At NASA, we turn science fiction into science fact, and we do it daily.
At Nagoya university it's tradition for the female students to be unlawful.
At Nan's house, we had plum pie with whipped cream.
At Narita Airport, I ran into an old friend of mine.
At New York’s Metropolitan Museum of Art, chemistry, physics and geology are all playing a part in the detective work of determining whether a work of art is original or a forgery.
At Papa South, you can eat delicious homestyle food.
At Passover we drink four cups of wine.
At Tatoeba a sentence only feels good when it is accompanied by its sisters and cousins, the translations.
At Tatoeba it is necessary that all sentences are equivalent and natural. Therefore, for example, a French translation of an English sentence should not only be faithful, in order to be useful to an Englishman who is studying the French language, but also so that it can be learned as a model sentence by students of French throughout the world.
At Tatoeba there is a great Toki Pona teacher named Tepan.
At Tatoeba we don't use parentheses to indicate alternative ways to translate something. Instead, we just post two or more separate translations linked to the original sentence.
At Tatoeba we're all Anunnaki reptilians, but it's not important to us.
At Tatoeba you can also learn a lot about your own language.
At Tatoeba you teach in the most efficient way possible — through examples.
At Tatoeba, all roads lead to Boston.
At Tatoeba, it is better not to annotate or specify a precise meaning that is not an integral part of the sentence. You can add multiple sentences instead of putting a part of the sentence in parentheses.
At Tatoeba, it is more important that a translation sound natural than that it be strictly faithful to the original.
At Tatoeba, it's the one who translates the most from English to Kabyle or from Kabyle to English.
At Thanksgiving, the turkey took pride of place while the other dishes were relegated to the sideboard.
At The Grotto, a Roman Catholic shrine, in Oregon, there was a sign "Please do not pick the flowers" in English, Spanish, and Vietnamese.
At The Happiness Institute in Australia, a couple of hundred dollars may do the trick.
At Tom Jackson Realty, we'll help you find the home you deserve.
At Tom's coffee shop, they don't ask for your name and write it on your drink cup. They make up a random name for you.
At Tom's last job, unable to meet sales quotas, he was forced to buy his own goods.
At Tom's school, the Tatoeba craze has become so widespread that it's affecting students' studies. As a result, an emergency staff meeting was held and it was decided to limit students to submitting no more than 30 example sentences per day. However, since the school hasn't fully tracked the students' accounts, implementing this measure has proven challenging.
At Wall Street, some insiders made a killing by going short, when everyone had been sucked into an unsustainable uptrend.
At Wat Yanviriya, my Thai temple in Vancouver, orange-robed monks whiled away meditating long afternoons in a garden gazebo.
At Western Marine’s shipyard on the edge of the Bay of Bengal, machines shriek and sparks fly as workers turn hulking pieces of metal into gigantic ships.
At Wimbledon there are now special electronic machines to judge the serves.
At a Japanese-style inn, they take care of your every need, so you don't have to lift a finger.
At a Japanese-style inn, they take care of your every need, so you don’t have to lift a finger.
At a WHA conference here, Magaret Chan, WHO’s director-general, kicked off a panel discussion on Ebola with a cheery note — a reminder that Liberia had been declared Ebola-free May 9.
At a bar in Johannesburg’s bohemian Melville suburb, a good-looking brunette named Tania sips on a strawberry daiquiri.
At a cafe near the Palace of Versailles, I drank a timeless glass of crème de menthe.
At a ceremony marking World Food Day held at the Milan Expo site, U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon reiterated the goal of eradicating hunger by 2030.
At a certain age they want to imitate.
At a certain point, if you still have your marbles and are not faced with serious financial challenges, you have a chance to put your house in order.
At a coffee shop in Jakarta, Indonesia, the owners want to promote communication, understanding and tolerance by employing people who can’t hear.
At a community center on Shek Lei public housing estate in northern Hong Kong, stacks of mooncake boxes are waiting to be distributed on Mid-Autumn Festival the following day. Inside they contain some of the 76,000 mooncakes that have been collected by Food Grace, a local charity, this holiday season to be redistributed to low-income families and individuals.
At a concert at the Asia Society in New York this spring, he performed with three friends—who played the tabla drums, the harmonium and the flute.
At a conference on the impact of human trafficking on economic development, Ambassador Lagon said that precise figures are difficult to obtain. But he said the U.S. estimates that some eight-hundred-thousand people are trafficked transnationally each year and millions more are enslaved in their own countries. The majority of trafficking victims are women. About two-thirds of all transnational trafficking victims are prostituted, and the victims keep getting younger.
At a corner convenience store before midnight, I pick up a cold bottled green tea and a cream cheese pastry. At the counter is a lady vendor that I have seen before. She is wearing a pandemic mask. I ask, "Where are you from?" "Ethiopia," she answers. "Wow, that's why you don't look East Indian. The rest in this store are all East Indians. How long have you been in Canada?" "I've been here since January," she says. It is the 24th of October of 2021. I add, "You speak good English." 
"I went to an English school there in Ethiopia," she explains. "You speak English well," I reiterate. "Thank you!" she exclaims happily. Outside the store, on the other side of the street, is Mike the lonely old tubby Turk waiting at the bus stop. I see him often at that store.
At a cost of only €400 including flights, hotels, and transport for two weeks, this was the best package holiday Sue and Jack had ever booked!
At a directors' meeting, unless a quorum is participating, no proposal is to be voted on, except a proposal to call another meeting.
At a directors’ meeting, unless a quorum is participating, no proposal is to be voted on, except a proposal to call another meeting.
At a distance of four point two light years, Proxima Centauri is the nearest star to our Sun.
At a distance, the ship looks like an island.
At a few minutes after nine the maid, Edith Baxter, carried down to the stables his supper, which consisted of a dish of curried mutton.
At a first glance it seems easy.
At a first glance, he looks pretty approachable and pretty friendly and he seems to have an engaging personality but on closer look, he's a totally different guy who is nothing whatsoever like he pretends to be.
At a given moment.
At a glance I knew that he was tired.
At a glance, Mr. Tanaka looks young, but they say he's actually rather old.
At a glance, Tom seemed to be wealthy.
At a glance, he knew that the child was hungry.
At a grassroots level, it is mandatory to take action.
At a height of over twenty-six kilometres, the highest known mountain in the Solar System is Olympus Mons, named after the home of the Greek Gods of antiquity.
At a hilarious party, one frequently finds a wet blanket sitting next to the life of the party.
At a large fish farm along the Mekong in Vientiane, tilapia swarm to the surface of their floating cages as food is shoveled into the water.
At a little Vietnamese eatery on Nanaimo Street in Vancouver, BC, I would often eat a noodle soup or a Vietnamese baguette sandwich, whilst the wife of the chef would play Parisian music for the clientele.
At a moment when our economy is growing, our businesses are creating jobs at the fastest pace since the 1990s, and wages are starting to rise again, we have to make some choices about the kind of country we want to be.
At a nearby clinic, wailing babies, sullen children and skinny mothers line the benches. Some have children already enrolled in a WFP feeding program for chronically underweight children and breastfeeding mothers.
At a news conference Wednesday at the Pontoise airport near Cergy, west of Paris, the Volocopter company presented the VoloCity air taxi, an electric vertical takeoff and landing vehicle, which the company will begin testing at the airport in June.
At a news conference at JAXA in Sagamihara, about 51 kilometers southwest of Tokyo, space agency scientists said the capsule is now secured safely in a curation facility at its research center.
At a parent-teacher conference principal told us that they are going to reward students that have high attendance.
At a parents’ evening, parents come together with the homeroom teacher in the school. At a parents’ day, each subject teacher, including the homeroom teacher, remains in a classroom, and the parents attend in one room after the other for a brief one-on-one interview to get information about their children's achievements.
At a pinch, one could say that he is a good president!
At a point, the pressure of a fluid is the same in all directions.
At a preview of the summit, at the non-profit Center for Global Development in Washington, UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said the best way to fight poverty is through energy. But he cautioned the earth has limited resources.
At a public gathering eight months after an unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the elected government, a sitting member of the United States Congress made thinly veiled threats, calling for bloodshed if his party did not win a majority of votes in the next election.
At a quarter to eight, I need to be at work.
At a ranch in southern California, mustangs gallop at the base of a distant hillside.
At a recent meeting of the Politburo of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP), Xi said that "archaeology is of great socio-political and cultural significance."
At a rough estimate, I would say the job will take two weeks.
At a small grain mill in Mekelle, four donkeys quietly plod out of their concrete shelter into the front yard.
At a speed of 17 km/sec, it would take about 75,000 years to reach Proxima Centauri, the second nearest star from Earth.
At a table in the eatery, a young man dressed stylishly in a blue cashmere sweater, tucks into sushi rolls while working on his iPad.
At a televised press conference Thursday, government authorities attributed the spike to an influx of returnees from South Africa and also a laxity in observing preventive measures imposed in May during the first wave of the coronavirus cases.
At a time when human contact is considered a health hazard, robots may be more useful than ever.
At a time when we as a nation should be moving forward in our efforts to help those who are long-term unemployed find new jobs, we should never have taken a step backwards by abruptly cutting off their unemployment insurance.
At a time when women's voices were silenced and their hopes dismissed, she lived to see them stand up and speak out and reach for the ballot. Yes, we can.
At a time when women's voices were silenced and their hopes dismissed, she lived to see them stand up and speak out and reach out for the ballot.
At a time when women’s voices were silenced and their hopes dismissed, she lived to see them stand up and speak out and reach for the ballot. Yes, we can.
At a time when women’s voices were silenced and their hopes dismissed, she lived to see them stand up and speak out and reach out for the ballot.
At a tourist attraction in Kingston, Ontario, Canada the welcome sign was in six languages, but not in Esperanto.
At a townhall with program participants Monday, the president announced the program was being renamed in honor of Nelson Mandela.
At a turn of the road under the forest trees with shrubbery alongside he stopped suddenly, as a naturalist might pause with half-lifted foot beside a dense copse in which some unknown species of bird sang—a young bird just finding its notes.
At a very early age, Mae developed interests in anthropology, archaeology, and astronomy that she pursued throughout her childhood.
At a whopping 530 kilometers in diameter, Vesta is the second most massive object in the asteroid belt, a vast region between the planets Mars and Jupiter that's filled with rocky debris of all sizes.
At a wild torrent which swept out of a ravine they called a halt and watered their horses, while they partook of a hasty breakfast.
At a word from the ballet master in the white suit, the room will come alive.
At a young age, I had to learn to fend for myself.
At about 9.30 pm, a German fighter jet crashed close to a motorway. The pilot and co-pilot managed to eject to safety.
At about half past six we sailed into the harbour, which was still enveloped in morning mist.
At about the same time, Tom was in his room studying.
At about this time, Lucius Cornelius Sulla, after becoming the dictator of Rome, thought that Caesar was a political threat to his rule.
At about what age do the Japanese marry?
At age 40, Yanni wanted a new life, a new look, and a new career.
At age three, Berber was already part of me.
At age twenty each man has the face that God has given him, at forty the face that life has given him, and at sixty the face that he deserves.
At airports across Europe, long lines formed at check-in and ticketing desks as travel plans were thrown into chaos.
At all costs, I want to live in America.
At all events we have done our best.
At an Esperanto meeting in the cafeteria of the mountaintop university, SFU, the boy child of one of the Esperantists was playing with a bowl of green Jello, as he jiggled it with his spoon.
At an Indian wedding at the Phillipine islands the bride retired from the company in order to go down to the river to wash her feet. As she was thus employed an alligator seized her.
At an early age he found himself an orphan.
At an estimated 25 percent of the continent's average gross domestic product, the African Union calls corruption a huge drain on Africa's productivity.
At an event Thursday in Tesla's design studio in Los Angeles, Musk unveiled a new battery swapping system that automatically replaces a discharged battery with a fully charged one in about the same time it takes to fill up a 50-liter gas tank, and for about the same price.
At another Vietnamese restaurant on Nanaimo Street in Vancouver, BC, I would sit in one of the booth tables to eat a noodle or rice dish and a glass of lychees with ice and syrup.
At any cost!
At any given moment, there are perhaps eight francium atoms in the whole of the earth.
At any rate I will go out when it stops raining.
At any rate the building cost the city six million kronor, more than a million and a half dollars, and is fitted out with a marvelous wealth of detail.
At any rate, I can go out when it stops raining.
At any rate, I did my duty.
At any rate, I hope you can come.
At any rate, I must finish this work by tomorrow.
At any rate, I never expected mother to invite so many people for me.
At any rate, I promise to be there even if I'm a little late.
At any rate, I will do my best.
At any rate, I would like to thank you all.
At any rate, I'll go to college after graduating from high school.
At any rate, I’ll go to college after graduating from high school.
At any rate, Ozawa hurriedly took off his raincoat and quickly put it on the naked girl's shoulders.
At any rate, do you think you'll be free tomorrow or the day after tomorrow?
At any rate, he was satisfied with the results.
At any rate, if you learn English, study it thoroughly.
At any rate, it will be a good experience for you.
At any rate, it's all the same to me.
At any rate, it's something you've got to practise a lot.
At any rate, that it had ended without serious incident was a small mercy.
At any rate, the party will have to be cancelled.
At any rate, the program was a success.
At any rate, they're sick.
At any rate, we can't change the schedule.
At any rate, we can’t change the schedule.
At any rate, we have no means of helping him.
At any rate, we have to finish this chapter before we can start on the next.
At any rate, you had better go there.
At any time in history, in any country you can think of, a child grows up borrowing from parents' values. There are some who would point out that the kind of mentality towards education that some women called "education mama" have, is actually emotionally scarring for the child.
At around 10%, Germany has the highest rate of vegetarianism in Europe.
At around 12pm, we go to the dining area of our unit for lunch.
At around 2,200 kilometers in diameter, Hellas Planitia is the largest visible impact basin in the Solar System, and hosts the lowest elevations on Mars' surface as well as a variety of landscapes.
At around 2:30 p.m., the wind died.
At around 9 o'clock at night on the 23rd of March of 2022, at the Lulu Island pizzeria, I was eating two cheese slices and drinking a diet cola. A tallish Eurasian customer with a grey sweater and black track pants was there.
At around five am, Leonid crawled into his tent.
At around midnight, Ziri decided to call it a night.
At around midnight, the storm had again reached hurricane force.
At around two or three in the morning, Ziri and his friends decided to call it a night.
At attention!
At best I can do only half of what you did.
At best he may take third place.
At best he'll get 1,000 votes.
At best he’ll get 1,000 votes.
At best we can only hope for a small profit.
At book sales there are always so many interesting books that I can never afford them all.
At breakfast, Daniel announced he wanted to return to the director's chair.
At breakfast, I ate bread and butter and drank coffee.
At breakfast, Tom always drinks a cup of hot chocolate.
At breakfast, my father said that there was a lot of excitement in the factory yesterday.
At carnival in Cologne people shout "alaaf", while in Düsseldorf it's "helau".
At certain moments he sees himself as an emblem of possibility to which all eyes have turned.
At charitable concerts in aristocratic drawing-rooms the Dilettante is in great request.
At check-in, please show a picture identification and the document you gave for reference at reservation time.
At chess, a pawn that reaches the last row ahead is promoted to a queen. At checkers, a checker that realizes an identical feat is promoted to a king.
At chess, as at other sports, no one is unbeatable.
At conception, everyone is female.
At dawn's first light I took the road to the mountain.
At dawn, the temperature will go down.
At dawn, when you have trouble getting out of bed, tell yourself: ‘I have to go to work – as a human being. What do I have to complain of, if I’m going to do what I was born for – the things I was brought into the world to do? Or is this what I was created for? To huddle under the blankets and stay warm?’
At daybreak it was still raining.
At daybreak, he vanished.
At daytime, we see the clear sun, and at nighttime we see the pale moon and the beautiful stars.
At depths below 13,100 feet, the water temperature ranges from near freezing to just above the freezing point of water as depth increases.
At different times of year, different constellations can be seen in the sky.
At dinner she talked to him so animatedly (and so personally) that no one else could get a word in edgewise.
At dinner time they stopped for a while to rest and eat.
At dinner time, don't speak with your mouth full.
At dinner we talked about the events of the day.
At dinner, you said that you weren't hungry.
At dusk lanterns of many colours were lighted and the sailors danced merrily on deck.
At dusk, a neighbour walked by with his dog and waved at Tom through the window.
At dusk, he paced up and down the ship's deck.
At dusk, if it moves, it's food.
At each approach to the Sun, the solar arrays retract behind the heat shield’s shadow, leaving only a small segment exposed to the Sun’s intense rays.
At each corner, there was a guard tower with a machine gun.
At each explosion, which was a deep sigh, the Tree thought of a summer day in the woods, or of a winter night there, when the stars beamed; he thought of Christmas-eve and of Klumpey-Dumpey, the only story he had ever heard or knew how to tell; and then the Tree was burned.
At ease!
At ease, soldiers.
At ease.
At eight o'clock I will be ready for work.
At eight o'clock, she left the dining car and entered her compartment in the sleeping carriage.
At eight o’clock I will be ready for work.
At eighty, Skura was still a pretty strong woman.
At eleven o’clock it was reported to the Captain that we were nearing the woodyard, the light being distinctly seen by the pilot on duty.
At eleven thirty from platform number one.
At every goodbye my heart trembles with fear that you will never come back.
At every moment we are ready for anything.
At every step, we face obstacles.
At every turn Baskerville gave an exclamation of delight, looking eagerly about him and asking countless questions.
At exactly quarter to ten, she alighted from the tram at the stop by the town hall.
At exactly quarter to ten, she got off the tram at the stop next to the city hall.
At exactly quarter to ten, she got off the tram at the stop next to the guildhall.
At exactly quarter to ten, she stepped off the tram at the stop by the town hall.
At fifteen, neither beauty nor talent exist: a woman is all promise.
At first I assumed Tom was joking, but he was in fact very serious.
At first I assumed it wouldn't last for long.
At first I chose to listen to him in silence.
At first I cringe, but I want more.
At first I did not like him, but now I do.
At first I did not like rock music, but now I do.
At first I didn't believe her.
At first I didn't believe him.
At first I didn't know which one I wanted, but in the end I chose red.
At first I didn't know.
At first I didn't like ballet, but I've come to like it by degrees.
At first I didn't like him, but I do now.
At first I didn't like it, but I do now.
At first I didn't like it.
At first I didn't like my job, but I'm beginning to enjoy it now.
At first I didn't understand what he was saying.
At first I didn't understand what it said.
At first I didn't understand what she was saying.
At first I didn’t like ballet, but I’ve come to like it by degrees.
At first I didn’t like him, but I do now.
At first I felt a bit too shy to speak to her.
At first I had my doubts.
At first I paid little attention, but slowly my interest awoke.
At first I thought I had found a fox, but it turned out to be a very orange cat.
At first I thought I liked the plan, but on second thought I decided to oppose it.
At first I thought I was ill.
At first I thought I was sick.
At first I thought I wouldn't be able to stand the noise.
At first I thought Tom's hair was blond, but in better light, I could see that it was red.
At first I thought it impossible that a virtuous man would show up.
At first I thought it was a daft idea, but I realised eventually how good it was.
At first I thought it was a joke, but then I realised he meant it.
At first I thought it was a mistake, but then I found out that it wasn't.
At first I thought it was a mistake.
At first I thought it was a prank.
At first I thought she was ill.
At first I thought that Tom was Mary's brother, but later found out he's her cousin.
At first I thought that she had not recognized me, but as I bent over her she suddenly shrieked out in a voice which I shall never forget, 'Oh, my God! Helen! It was the band! The speckled band!'
At first I thought that she was ill.
At first I thought the controller looked misshapen, but it fit surprisingly well in the hand.
At first I thought the development board was up the spout, but it was just a loose connection.
At first I thought the woman was mad.
At first I thought this pain would kill me.
At first I thought we could find a consensus.
At first I thought you really loved me.
At first I tried to write everything down in my notebook.
At first I was not sure which one I wanted, but afterwards I decided on this red one.
At first I was still confident, but that should change quickly.
At first I was very slow.
At first I was wary of Tom, but then I got to know him and have learned to appreciate him, and I don't want him to be left out of our workgroup again.
At first I'd thought she really needed my help.
At first I'd thought that she really needed my help.
At first Mary had thought of renting out her house; but everyone advised her to sell it.
At first Sami was fascinated by Islam, but after reading the Quran and the hadiths he became disillusioned.
At first Tom started learning Arabic because he was looking for a way to pass the time, but in time it became a passion.
At first Tom thought that, but later he didn't.
At first blush, Tom's suggestion seemed feasible.
At first blush, it may seem like an idea destined to never get anywhere.
At first each man had paid $10.
At first everybody was convinced of his innocence.
At first glance Lviv seems like a normal Central European city with some bustle in the streets.
At first glance the sand seems barren and unproductive. After a while, if you are careful not to kick up sand, you might see tiny benthic communities of tube-building worms come alive as they sweep the passing nutrient rich waters with tentacles to capture food.
At first glance this is not a bad idea.
At first glance, Titan looks a lot like Earth. Lakes and seas are scattered across the northern hemisphere, and occasional rains dampen its sandy surface.
At first glance, everyone seemed happy.
At first glance, it might not seem that the decision of a certain Canadian Premier to include Prince Edward Island in a political tour could have much or anything to do with the fortunes of little Anne Shirley at Green Gables.
At first glance, the question seemed easy.
At first glance, the question seems simple.
At first glance, the videos conjure up visions of a secluded utopian paradise.
At first glance, they have several features in common.
At first glance, they're a happy family.
At first glance, this may seem like an idea destined to never come to fruition.
At first glance, this writing may seem unremarkable, but it was written entirely through thought. As the participant imagined writing a letter or symbol, sensors implanted in his brain picked up on patterns of electrical activity, which an algorithm then interpreted to trace the path of an imaginary pen.
At first he did not realize that he had won the speech contest.
At first he didn't know how to do his new job.
At first he didn't take kindly to his new house.
At first he didn’t know how to do his new job.
At first he didn’t take kindly to his new house.
At first he had difficulty telling one student from another.
At first he had trouble adjusting to living in his new house.
At first he had trouble getting used to his new house.
At first he hated her but gradually came to love her.
At first he looked squeamish, but in the end he licked my pussy.
At first he read slowly, then with enthusiasm.
At first he spurred his horse at a quick pace through an avenue of the park, as if, by rapidity of motion, he could stupefy the confusion of feelings with which he was assailed.
At first he was against the project.
At first he was all at sea in his new job.
At first it was complicated, but now it's great.
At first it was fun to watch the ongoing madness, but this has now gone too far. It's time to end this circus.
At first it was just a trickle of mainly Chinese tourists arriving to make their way to the dying city' of Civita di Bagnoregio. Then it became a flood.
At first it was simple office politics, but then Tom got every woman in the office pregnant.
At first many things seemed different, but I soon got involved in my new life.
At first my feeling for her was almost purely physical.
At first only a few people protested, but now they're all coming out of the woodwork.
At first only a few people protested, but now they’re all coming out of the woodwork.
At first read every chapter quickly to get a bird's-eye view of it.
At first she was quite delighted, for now he was coming to be with her, but then she remembered that human beings could not live under water.
At first she was terrified, then she pulled herself together.
At first sight he seems to be a very competent person.
At first sight it seems that this idea is doomed to fail.
At first sight this problem seems easy, but in fact it's difficult.
At first sight, he seemed kind and gentle.
At first sight, it seemed larger to me.
At first sight, the question seemed easy.
At first the King would not believe it, but the old woman urged this so long, and accused her of so many evil things, that at last the King let himself be persuaded and sentenced her to death.
At first the forensics team thought that they'd discovered human blood, only to find out later, at the lab, that it was bovine.
At first the job looked good to Tom, but later it became tiresome.
At first the job looked good to him, but later it became tiresome.
At first the trainees were awkward in his company.
At first their abilities are more limited than those of animals.
At first there will be many unfamiliar words and grammatical forms, but you don't have to be afraid.
At first there will be many unfamiliar words and grammatical forms, but you don’t have to be afraid.
At first there will be many unrecognized words and grammatical forms, but don't be scared.
At first they drove through streets of small, gray houses.
At first they rejected the proposal, but a clergyman urged them to accept.
At first they think they won't come to harm, although no smoker escapes at least the short-term effects.
At first they think they won’t come to harm, although no smoker escapes at least the short-term effects.
At first they try to ignore you, then they start to laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
At first we liked doing Tom's errands, but then we got bored.
At first we really enjoyed it, but not as of late.
At first we used to go separately, but one day we started going and returning together.
At first, Daniel glared at Amanda.
At first, Daniel seemed horrified.
At first, Diego seemed normal.
At first, French was a dialect.
At first, I believed that Tom was joking, but he was serious.
At first, I could keep up, but soon I fell behind.
At first, I could not swim by myself.
At first, I couldn't believe it at all.
At first, I couldn't figure out what he was saying.
At first, I couldn't find anything.
At first, I couldn't make out what he was saying.
At first, I couldn't play the guitar.
At first, I couldn't see anything.
At first, I couldn't swim by myself.
At first, I couldn't understand anything.
At first, I couldn't understand what he said.
At first, I couldn’t figure out what he was saying.
At first, I couldn’t make out what he was saying.
At first, I couldn’t play the guitar.
At first, I couldn’t understand what he said.
At first, I didn't believe Tom.
At first, I didn't believe her.
At first, I didn't believe him.
At first, I didn't believe them.
At first, I didn't believe you.
At first, I didn't intend to take over the family business.
At first, I didn't know my leg was broken.
At first, I didn't know that my leg was broken.
At first, I didn't know what to do.
At first, I didn't know why.
At first, I didn't like him.
At first, I didn't like it, but it gradually became fun.
At first, I didn't notice Tom was missing a finger on his left hand.
At first, I didn't notice that Tom was missing a finger on his left hand.
At first, I didn't notice that Tom was there.
At first, I didn't notice what Tom was doing.
At first, I didn’t know what to do.
At first, I didn’t like him.
At first, I didn’t like it, but it gradually became fun.
At first, I failed the test.
At first, I felt they were right to have fired me.
At first, I felt very lonely.
At first, I had difficulty understanding people when they spoke too fast.
At first, I had no idea why.
At first, I had no intention of taking over the family business.
At first, I had trouble understanding people when they spoke too fast.
At first, I mistook him for your brother.
At first, I mistook you for Tom.
At first, I mistook you for your brother.
At first, I thought I had an advantage because I spoke a Romance language.
At first, I thought I was ill.
At first, I thought I was sick.
At first, I thought I wouldn't be able to stand the noise.
At first, I thought Mary was a man.
At first, I thought Tom and Mary were joking.
At first, I thought Tom was angry, but then I realized he was just worried.
At first, I thought Tom was angry, but then I realized that he was just worried.
At first, I thought Tom was joking.
At first, I thought Tom was sick.
At first, I thought he was a teacher, but he wasn't.
At first, I thought he was a teacher, but he wasn’t.
At first, I thought he was crazy.
At first, I thought he was ill.
At first, I thought he was joking.
At first, I thought he was sick.
At first, I thought he was your brother.
At first, I thought it might be a serious problem.
At first, I thought it was a joke.
At first, I thought it was a stupid idea, but I eventually realized what a good idea it was.
At first, I thought it was just my imagination.
At first, I thought it was kinda funny that the villain always referred to himself in the third person, but now it's rather grating.
At first, I thought it was the name of a place in Hokkaido.
At first, I thought she was crazy.
At first, I thought she was ill.
At first, I thought she was joking.
At first, I thought she was sick.
At first, I thought that Tom really needed my help.
At first, I thought that Tom was sick.
At first, I thought that it was a witch who had turned into a raven.
At first, I thought the same thing.
At first, I thought they were sick.
At first, I thought you were dead.
At first, I took him for your brother.
At first, I tried to write everything down in my exercise book.
At first, I was a bit confused.
At first, I was a little worried.
At first, I was afraid.
At first, I was disappointed.
At first, I was only looking at the French sentences, but before I knew it, I was hooked into translating them.
At first, I was puzzled by all these strange fruits, and by the strange flowers I saw.
At first, I was puzzled.
At first, I was sceptical.
At first, I was skeptical.
At first, I was worried about Tom's growing affection for stoats, but after seeing his fascinating findings for myself, I realized that stoats are awesome and deserve every bit of attention they get.
At first, I wasn't attracted to Tom.
At first, I wasn't attracted to her.
At first, I wasn't attracted to him.
At first, I'd planned to do it that way, but I later changed my mind.
At first, Lajos thought it was a stupid idea.
At first, Leonid thought it was a dog.
At first, Lorenzo thought nothing of it.
At first, Mark didn't want to go.
At first, Martino fired at Rima, believing she was a robber.
At first, Mary refused to believe the rumors.
At first, Mary wasn't attracted to Tom.
At first, Meg was homesick.
At first, Obama said, he was in favor of civil unions because he thought labelling those relationships as marriages was not necessary as long as the people involved were getting the same rights, but his children had a great impact on changing that point of view.
At first, Robert didn't really thing anything of it.
At first, Stefan didn't know what that noise was.
At first, Tom did not believe the rumors.
At first, Tom refused to believe the rumors.
At first, Tom seemed OK.
At first, Tom seemed angry, but then I realized he was just worried.
At first, Tom seemed angry, but then I realized that he was just worried.
At first, Tom seemed fine.
At first, Tom seemed reluctant to participate.
At first, Tom thought French was difficult, but now he thinks it's easy.
At first, Tom thought Mary was John's sister.
At first, Tom thought he had misheard.
At first, Tom thought that the person he saw was Mary, but later found out it was John.
At first, Tom was a bit confused.
At first, Tom was reluctant, but he eventually signed the contract.
At first, Tom wasn't attracted to Mary.
At first, Tom's idea for a topological map of Switzerland made of cast iron for his bedroom floor sounded good, but it proved impossible to vacuum -- especially when it collapsed into the next floor.
At first, Vladimir didn't take those words seriously.
At first, Yanni did not recognize Rima.
At first, Ziri laughed at Rima's story.
At first, Ziri thought it was a burglar.
At first, as in most of the other countries mentioned, hoods were worn, but when Charles VII. made his triumphal entry into Rouen, in 1449, he wore a hat lined with red velvet and surmounted with a rich plume of feathers.
At first, everyone was convinced of his innocence.
At first, everything proceeded according to plan.
At first, everything seemed difficult.
At first, he could not speak English at all.
At first, he had trouble settling into the new house.
At first, he seemed fine.
At first, he seemed like the perfect guy.
At first, he seemed very sincere.
At first, he sounded very sincere.
At first, he thought English very difficult, but now he thinks it is easy.
At first, he was afraid to move here.
At first, it cost me a lot.
At first, it didn't seem like our plan would work.
At first, it is difficult.
At first, it looks like any other summer camp; young people are arriving with bulging suitcases, discovering their new surroundings, chatting awkwardly and making new friends.
At first, it seemed a good idea.
At first, it seemed easy.
At first, it seemed like a really good idea.
At first, it was hard to do, so it was worth doing. But now it's too easy, so it's just boring.
At first, it was very beautiful, but then it began to rain.
At first, it wasn't easy.
At first, it wasn't that much fun, but then it was much more fun than I had expected!
At first, it wasn't that much fun.
At first, no one believed you.
At first, she thought it was a joke.
At first, that idea sounded stupid.
At first, the Indians were friendly.
At first, the boy didn't pay much attention to my advice.
At first, the boy didn’t pay much attention to my advice.
At first, the creature ran, then it dropped on all fours.
At first, the film was rather good, but the ending was very sad.
At first, the idea seemed absurd.
At first, the local cowboys laughed at him.
At first, the missile designers would not talk to him because they thought of him as an inexperienced novice.
At first, the small cephalopod is wary. Over time, she reaches out to him with one tentacle and eventually trusts him enough to sit on his chest and let him stroke her.
At first, the small cephalopod was wary.
At first, the trainees were awkward in his company.
At first, they didn't believe him.
At first, they didn't believe me, but now they do.
At first, they didn’t believe him.
At first, they were all convinced he was innocent.
At first, things were very confusing.
At first, this fact was making viewers laugh.
At first, we could make ends meet, but as it continued we became unable to cover our expenses.
At first, we didn't realize what was happening.
At first, we were all convinced Tom was innocent.
At first, we were all convinced that Tom was innocent.
At first, we weren't familiar at all. Over time we got to know each other.
At first, we weren't going to come here.
At five I was already able to ski.
At five am, Diego was still gaming.
At five o'clock in the afternoon in Paris, what time is it in Moscow?
At five o'clock we drink tea.
At five o'clock, there's always a rush.
At five years old he already knew how to ski.
At forty, he does not get as angry as he used to.
At four in the afternoon here, there's not a soul to be seen on the street. It's siesta time.
At four o'clock he went to the barber.
At four o'clock in the afternoon.
At four o'clock, they arrived at the hotel.
At four o’clock, they arrived at the hotel.
At four we could go home.
At four, we can go home.
At funerals we don't tell jokes, and we don't laugh!
At furry conventions, there are those who pull on ears or tails.
At half past six in the morning the birds were already singing, bathed in golden sunshine under a blue sky. It promised – or rather, threatened – to be another hot summer's day.
At half time, both teams made substitutions.
At half-past seven next morning, in the first glimmer of daylight, I found him standing by my bedside in his dressing-gown.
At heart I shall always be your little Anne, who will love you and Matthew and dear Green Gables more and better every day of her life.
At heart, the French National Anthem is one of the most beautiful anthems in the world.
At her age, she still preserved the appearance of a young girl.
At high doses, fluoride is a potent poison that is almost on par with arsenic.
At high school, I had the option of choosing Latin as a subject.
At high-school he had been known as “the poet-laureate of room sixteen,” a title invented by snickering pupils, and his timidly mystic lyrics about sandpipers, violets, and the embracing glee of the sun, had gained an unrestrained admiration from his English teachers.
At higher production rates, it becomes necessary to use an automatic palletizer to sort boxes of finished goods onto pallets for shipping.
At highway rest stops in Germany, many people eat currywurst with fries.
At his campaign stops, Democratic Presidential Candidate John Kerry discusses his vision for the nation, strengthening rural communities or investing in renewable fuels. His two daughters take a more personal approach, visiting with local volunteers and families, and telling some Kerry family stories. They tell voters how their father saved their hamster's life, or makes pancakes on a Saturday morning. They are out there sharing the excitement of the campaign while also taking the heat.
At his concerts, she screams for him from a distance.
At his conference, he didn't say a thing of what was written in the papers.
At his final exam, Bob was really put through the wringer; the test covered everything that was in the course.
At his heels, aflame / with rage, comes Pyrrhus. Lo, in act to aim, / now, now, he clutches him, – a moment more, / e'en as before his parent's eyes he came, / the long spear reached him. Prostrate on the floor / down falls the hapless youth, and welters in his gore.
At his home in Sana’a last week, Khalid Hassan, a 41-year-old tribesman, chewed qat leaves with his friends, a traditional afternoon pastime in Yemen.
At his house, Leonid wanted to kiss Rima.
At his joke, they all burst into laughter.
At his request, Tom found his final resting place in the Baltic Sea: he was buried at sea.
At his side, he carried an ivory and silver sword.
At his words her color paled.
At his yard, they have no chickens.
At his young age, he has already accomplished a lot.
At home I am never bored.
At home I feel like a tamed wolf.
At home I have a room of my own.
At home I have an espresso maker.
At home I sometimes don't wear a bra.
At home I was Tom, but at school I was Mary.
At home Tom speaks English to his children as opposed to his wife who speaks to them in Kabyle.
At home everything is early, both talent and baldness.
At home her only consolation was to sit in her little garden with her arms twined round the handsome marble statue which reminded her of the prince.
At home in the prince's palace, when at night the others were asleep, she used to go out on to the marble steps; it cooled her burning feet to stand in the cold sea water, and at such times she used to think of those she had left in the deep.
At home it is Liisa who rules the roost.
At home she behaves well but at school she's a ne'er-do-well.
At home she snuggled up next to me on the couch.
At home they don't speak English.
At home we burn a stove.
At home we only speak Spanish.
At home we speak Slovak.
At home we speak Turkish.
At home we subscribe to the Asahi Shimbun.
At home, Dmitri practiced talking fast.
At home, I have to teach my daughters a bit. As for pressure, I swear I do not put any on them. I think they will just learn one step at a time.
At home, Matthew never speaks Berber at all.
At home, Tom obeys his wife, but at work, he's a despot.
At home, Ziri took his anger out on Rima.
At home, a dog is barking inside.
At home, after dawn prayer, we have cosultations where we solve and determine.
At home, at least the washing machine wants me to turn it on.
At home, because of his reddish hair and freckles, his mother scornfully named him "carrot" and had everybody else call him that.
At home, he always read lying down.
At home, he always reads lying down.
At home, he has seen inoffensive watering places bombarded by pirate craft which came up out of the sea like malignant wraiths and then fled away like panic-stricken window-smashers.
At home, the woman is in command.
At home, they had the bare necessities.
At home, we don't eat poultry.
At home, we only speak French.
At home, we only use French.
At home, we speak French.
At home, we speak Hungarian.
At home, we speak Slovak.
At home, we speak Spanish and Dutch.
At home, we speak only French.
At home, what do you call your husband?
At issue is whether those rules, crafted by the Environmental Protection Agency, constitute a reasonable attempt to safeguard America’s freshwater supply or a massive bureaucratic power grab that will subject farmers and other landowners to onerous federal oversight and regulations.
At its best, postmodernism is a stance of humility with regard to our ability to correctly understand reality.
At its core, Tatoeba is a large database of example sentences translated into several languages. But as a whole, it is much more than that.
At its heart, the complex task of communicating with space resembles wireless communications in the home – only on an enormous scale and at incredible distances.
At its narrowest, the Strait of Gibraltar is 14.3 kilometers wide.
At its narrowest, the Strait of Gibraltar is 14.3 kilometres wide.
At its peak, AlphaBay boasted more than 200,000 customers and 40,000 vendors.
At its peak, the town of Mallard hosted several grocery stores and restaurants, four churches, a cinema and two schools, one of them private. Today, its population of about 265 supports little more than a gas station and a couple of bars.
At its simplest, space communications relies on two things: a transmitter and a receiver.
At kidney dialysis centers like this, machines do what healthy kidneys do: cleanse people's blood.
At last I accepted his proposal against my will.
At last I finally arrived too.
At last I found the picture I was looking for.
At last I have time to reply to the messages I've received over the past three weeks.
At last I saw them hire a boat and start for a row, for it was a very hot day, and they thought, no doubt, that it would be cooler on the water.
At last I understand what you are saying.
At last I was alone with Gladys, and the moment of fate had come!
At last I was alone with Tom.
At last I've got time to answer the post I've received over the last three weeks.
At last Mary can enjoy cool mornings instead of hot and humid temperatures.
At last Mary raised herself to a sitting position.
At last Souichiro and Yukino decided to cut the orange in half.
At last Souichiro and Yukino decided to cut the orange into halves.
At last Tom announced the results.
At last Tom broke the silence.
At last Tom started learning Esperanto.
At last Tom's time came.
At last a good idea struck me.
At last a packet did indeed arrive at the village, and he saw from the ends of it that it contained two thin books.
At last both countries agreed on putting an end to the war.
At last came that which I had long feared.
At last came the spring, with its warm sunshine.
At last he achieved his goal.
At last he appeared.
At last he attained his goal.
At last he came to.
At last he came.
At last he clasped his hands in prayer, and in so doing rubbed the ring, which the magician had forgotten to take from him. Immediately an enormous and frightful genie rose out of the earth, saying: “What wouldst thou with me? I am the Slave of the Ring, and will obey thee in all things.” Aladdin fearlessly replied: “Deliver me from this place!” whereupon the earth opened, and he found himself outside.
At last he could finish the work.
At last he fell into so great despair that he thought he would put an end to his own life, and for this purpose laid hold of the sword that the Princess had given him; but on drawing it from its sheath he noticed that there was some writing on one side of the blade. He looked at this, and read there, "You will find me in the Blue Mountains."
At last he fell into so great despair that he thought he would put an end to his own life.
At last he flung down the instrument, and plunged into a detailed account of his misadventures.
At last he found out the truth.
At last he found the evidence he was looking for.
At last he gave in.
At last he reached his goal.
At last he realized that he was mistaken.
At last he showed up.
At last he started to cry.
At last he stopped before an old house, and caught another glimpse of the town.
At last he turned, still resting against the chair, and stretching his hand automatically towards his hat, said with a sort of exasperation, "Good-by." 
"Oh, I cannot bear it - my heart will break," said Dorothea, starting from her seat, the flood of her young passion bearing down all the obstructions which had kept her silent - the great tears rising and falling in an instant: "I don't mind about poverty-I hate my wealth."
At last he unfolded his plans for their future.
At last he yielded.
At last her fifteenth birthday came.
At last it has stopped raining.
At last it's spring.
At last it's stopped raining.
At last my number appeared on the electronic display board.
At last my time came.
At last she came to the rose-bush from which her father had plucked the rose, and there, under it, what do you think she saw! There was the Beast lying huddled up without any life or motion. Then Bella was sorry indeed and remembered all the kindness that the Beast had shown her; and she threw herself down by it and said, "Oh, Beast, Beast, why did you die? I was getting to love you so much."
At last she came. The little mermaid stood eager to see her beauty, and she was obliged to confess that a lovelier creature she had never beheld.
At last she could not bear it any longer, so she told one of her sisters, and from her it soon spread to the others, but to no one else except to one or two other mermaids who only told their dearest friends.
At last she gave way to him and broke a secret.
At last she got a job as a stewardess.
At last she managed to get up off the floor.
At last she reached the Arctic.
At last she saw dry land before her, high blue mountains on whose summits the white snow glistened as if a flock of swans had settled there.
At last someone agrees with me!
At last someone said what everyone was thinking.
At last the boat came alongside the ship, and now the queen saw that it was a stone boat, out of which there came up on board the ship a fearfully ugly witch.
At last the boy was given up for dead.
At last the fourth glad daybreak clears the scene, / and rising land, and opening uplands green, / and rolling smoke at distance greet the view.
At last the gale, as if it had rested merely to gain strength, breezed up again with greater fury than ever.
At last the game is up.
At last the guests left, and all was quiet in the flat.
At last the guests left, and it was quiet in the flat.
At last the guests left, and the flat was quiet.
At last the happy day came; they went to Court, and Cinderella followed them with her eyes as long as she could, and when she had lost sight of them, she fell a-crying.
At last the hyenas chased the lions from their prey.
At last the jig is up.
At last the large egg broke, and a young one crept forth crying, "Peep, peep." It was very large and ugly. The duck stared at it and exclaimed, "It is very large and not at all like the others."
At last the potion was ready and it looked like the clearest water.
At last the rats came to the river.
At last the traveller reached his destination.
At last there was light at the end of the tunnel.
At last they gave in.
At last they relented.
At last they were ready, cheeks scarlet and eyes glowing with excitement.
At last we can afford a house.
At last we could empty our wellingtons, which had filled up.
At last we meet! I've waited so long for this day!
At last we meet! I’ve waited so long for this day!
At last we saw Tom happy.
At last you've figured it out! Took you long enough to realise.
At last you've remembered to bring a dictionary.
At last!
At last! Adobe dumps this shitty Flash for mobiles.
At last! I thought you’d never get here!
At last! We meet.
At last, Diego texted Melissa.
At last, I brought her exhausted body upon the beach.
At last, I caught up with my friends.
At last, I completed my work.
At last, I finished this homework.
At last, I found out the answer to the question.
At last, I graduated from junior high school.
At last, I managed to find Tom.
At last, I managed to find him.
At last, I passed the test.
At last, I will have a bit of time for myself.
At last, James Bond made it as an actor.
At last, John and Sue decided to cut the apple into halves.
At last, Ken achieved his goal.
At last, Ken gained his end.
At last, Mario managed to win the princess's love.
At last, Mario managed to win the princess’s love.
At last, Mary recovered her senses.
At last, Mayuko achieved her goal.
At last, Mayuko gained her end.
At last, Tom appeared.
At last, Tom found what he had been looking for.
At last, Tom solved the problem.
At last, a chance in a million arrived.
At last, as midnight approached and the street gradually cleared, he paced up and down the room in uncontrollable agitation.
At last, by dint of cunning intrigues, he succeeded, one day, in finding himself in the presence of Marie Antoinette.
At last, he arrived at the Well of Despair.
At last, he became aware of his own mistakes.
At last, he came.
At last, he complied with the rules.
At last, he found a clue to the mystery.
At last, he found out how to make it.
At last, he gained his ends.
At last, he got the car.
At last, he made up his mind to marry again, feeling that a wife would bring peace and order to his household and take care of the children.
At last, he realized his error.
At last, he realized his mistakes.
At last, he solved the problem.
At last, he solved the question.
At last, he went to America.
At last, her dream to be a doctor came true.
At last, however, the Queen had a daughter.
At last, it began to rain.
At last, it stopped raining.
At last, my elder sister got married.
At last, my turn came.
At last, my wish has come true.
At last, she executed the plan.
At last, she gave in to him and told him the secret.
At last, she has brought the plan into effect.
At last, she hit on a good idea.
At last, she realized her error.
At last, she solved the problem.
At last, she was able to contact her old friend.
At last, some good news.
At last, spring came to this part of Japan as well.
At last, spring has come to this part of Japan.
At last, the Government are listening to the people.
At last, the answer became clear.
At last, the baby fell asleep.
At last, the bells of victory rang out.
At last, the bus company gave in.
At last, the bus stopped.
At last, the day has arrived for us to act.
At last, the end-of-term exams are over.
At last, the gem was in his hands.
At last, the party reached their final destination.
At last, the police got there.
At last, the rain stopped.
At last, the solution became clear.
At last, the students resorted to violence.
At last, the truth became known to us.
At last, the truth emerged.
At last, the truth was revealed to us.
At last, the ugly frog said to the princess: "I've eaten to fullness, and I'm tired. Now take me to your little room, make your little silk bed, and there we'll lie down and sleep."
At last, the younger of the dancing sisters, out of breath, and laughing gaily, threw herself upon a bench to rest.
At last, there you are.
At last, they began to count down cautiously.
At last, they came to a decision.
At last, they ceased working.
At last, they experienced the joy of victory.
At last, they met face to face.
At last, they purchased freedom with blood.
At last, they reached the top of the mountain.
At last, they understood.
At last, they were reconciled.
At last, this never-ending day is over.
At last, we arrived at the village.
At last, we arrived in Boston.
At last, we arrived in California.
At last, we got rid of him.
At last, we got rid of the tyrant.
At last, we got the chance we were waiting for.
At last, we got the information.
At last, we got through with the hard work.
At last, we got to the lake.
At last, we have arrived!
At last, we made contact with the police.
At last, we reached Australia.
At last, we reached Boston.
At last, we reached California.
At last, we reached England.
At last, we reached our destination.
At last, we reached the summit.
At last, we succeeded in solving the question.
At last, we were home!
At last, we've got a little peace and quiet in the house.
At last, you are going to be a June bride.
At last, you came.
At last, you have the vision to find my house!
At last, you've hit the nail on the head!
At least 1,500 National Guardsmen in 22 states are providing support needs ranging from disinfecting to meal delivery.
At least 10 Russians have died this year taking selfies.
At least 10 people have died of the cold in Poland.
At least 10 towns in the north of Italy are in lockdown mode and the army is ensuring no one enters or leaves them during a quarantine period.
At least 10% of individuals with pulmonary embolism die within the first hour.
At least 100 people attended.
At least 100,000 rocky objects called asteroids reside between Mars and Jupiter.
At least 15 percent of the ocean is covered by sea ice some part of the year.
At least 20 vaccines are being developed around the world.
At least 20% of El Salvador's population lives abroad.
At least 200 others were buried in marked or unmarked graves on Carlisle grounds.
At least 31 people have been killed by the eruption.
At least 31 people were killed when Mt. Ontake erupted.
At least 49 percent of students go on to university.
At least 60 people have died and nearly 100,000 people are unable to return home, days after devastating rains flooded the capital of Jakarta.
At least 700,000 people die every year due to drug-resistant diseases, including 230,000 from multidrug resistant tuberculosis, according to the World Health Organization.
At least Damiano and Rima are together now.
At least Gabor has brains, unlike you.
At least I can see you.
At least I did something.
At least I got something right.
At least I got to see you.
At least I have lost some weight.
At least I have lumber, in case the gas runs out.
At least I have somewhere to sleep.
At least I haven't lost anything today.
At least I know Tom and Mary are safe right now.
At least I know Tom is safe right now.
At least I stood up for it.
At least I tried to do something.
At least I wasn't alone.
At least I will be able to sleep.
At least I would not be alone.
At least I'll die happy.
At least I'll never have that problem again.
At least I'm better than her.
At least I'm honest and I say I'm not perfect.
At least I'm in class on time.
At least I'm in good standing with the royal family.
At least I'm not a loser like you.
At least I'm not starting to praise inhuman practices.
At least I'm older than you.
At least I'm still alive.
At least Tom and Mary were funny.
At least Tom can hold down a job.
At least Tom had the decency to apologize.
At least Tom hasn't given up hope.
At least Tom is at peace now.
At least Tom is honest.
At least Tom is speaking to me again.
At least Tom isn't hurting anybody.
At least Tom isn't hurting anyone.
At least Tom knows where he stands.
At least Tom stuck around long enough to find out how much money he owed.
At least Tom was funny.
At least Tom won't go hungry.
At least a dozen students have been arrested.
At least a few of us will be there.
At least answer me.
At least be honest.
At least being sick gives you the perfect excuse to stay home and watch movies.
At least bring me one gift from France.
At least cereal has a long shelf life.
At least do that right!
At least five police officers went down there.
At least for Indo-European language speakers, Yiddish is easier than Hebrew.
At least for now, I'm not going to say anything.
At least for the weekend, I could be whatever I wanted.
At least four skiers were swept away by an avalanche at the Crans-Montana ski resort in Switzerland.
At least four stations passed by and Matthew didn't move at all.
At least four were killed in the explosion of a car bomb outside a police station in the capital, Nairobi.
At least give him some water to drink.
At least give it a quick wipe before giving it to me.
At least give me a chance to answer.
At least give me a chance.
At least give me a clue.
At least give me a hint.
At least half must vote.
At least half the people in my neighborhood can speak French.
At least he can read.
At least he finished the job.
At least he had the decency to apologise.
At least he has a car.
At least he has a good reason.
At least he is not staring at her breast.
At least he knows how to read.
At least he shook your hand. He didn't even look at me.
At least he will have a salary without work.
At least he's a consistent artist: all of his works are bad in my eyes.
At least he's honest about the fact he's dishonest.
At least he's honest.
At least he's not staring at her breast.
At least it cools down in the nights.
At least it wasn't boring.
At least it will give the family a sense of closure to know that the murderer has finally been put behind bars.
At least it's not every day.
At least it's not raining.
At least let me buy you a drink.
At least let me buy you and your friends a drink.
At least let me buy you dessert.
At least let me get my bearings first.
At least let me give you some money.
At least let me help carrying the table for you.
At least let me help set the table.
At least let me help with the table.
At least let me hold you one last time.
At least let me talk to Tom.
At least listen to Tom's story.
At least listen to it in Berber.
At least mine can be identified.
At least my imaginary friends don't let me down.
At least my mother stuck around long enough to see me graduate from junior high school.
At least ninety percent of the students disagreed with the professor's outrageous statement.
At least now I understand Tom a little better.
At least now we know the truth.
At least now we understand.
At least now you know not to approach stray dogs with food in your hand.
At least one Native American group, the Hopi Tribe, also has a tradition involving clown-like characters.
At least one author believes that out of the world's 7 billion people in the early 21st century, perhaps 1.6 billion can speak English and the vast majority of those speak only basically.
At least one of them lied.
At least one of us is a man.
At least pretend that you're listening.
At least pretend you're happy to be here.
At least pretend you're happy to see me.
At least pretend you're listening.
At least pretend.
At least respond to me.
At least say "thank you".
At least say you are sorry.
At least she shook your hand. She didn't even look at me.
At least she's speaking to me again.
At least six hundred men died in action.
At least sixty people lost their lives.
At least sixty percent have to vote.
At least somebody is having a good time.
At least take a look at it.
At least tell Tom how you feel.
At least tell her how you feel.
At least tell him how you feel.
At least tell me where I should go.
At least tell me where you're going.
At least tell me your name.
At least tell them how you feel.
At least tell us who we can thank for our liberation!
At least ten people have eyes on you.
At least ten people have surpassed the plan.
At least ten people have their eyes set on you.
At least that is the premise of a global gathering of scientists, government representatives and innovators in Senegal this week.
At least that part's true.
At least that's what I hope Tom does.
At least that's what I hope happens.
At least the rent is cheap.
At least the rent isn't expensive.
At least the robber was civil to us.
At least the sheets are clean.
At least the work is done.
At least the worst didn't happen.
At least there was one vegan spread.
At least there's no doubt about that.
At least they listened to me.
At least they listened to what we had to say.
At least they should have a map.
At least they're honest.
At least they're paying me to do this.
At least thirty people attended the party.
At least thirty people died in the riots.
At least thirty people were injured in the bombing.
At least thirty people were injured in train accident.
At least thirty people were killed in the violence.
At least thirty students were absent.
At least three children were injured in a mortar attack on Monday.
At least three customers come into our shop every day.
At least three hundred people have been injured, thirty of them seriously.
At least three men have been hurt.
At least three of them died in Boston.
At least three people died.
At least three people have died.
At least three people were hurt.
At least three people will be there.
At least today, has he done something right?
At least today, has she done something right?
At least today, have you done something right?
At least try and be careful.
At least try it.
At least try to be careful.
At least try to be on time.
At least try to come on time.
At least try to understand the concept, and not surrender right away in that it's over your head.
At least two Americans have shot themselves in the groin this year.
At least two federal health screeners at Los Angeles International Airport have tested positive for the coronavirus.
At least two known terrorists are hated by everyone except themselves.
At least two people died.
At least two people perished.
At least understand the advice first.
At least we agree on that point.
At least we all agree on something.
At least we can talk to one another.
At least we finished the first part.
At least we had fun.
At least we have a roof over our heads.
At least we have each other.
At least we have water to drink.
At least we know Tom and Mary are alive.
At least we know Tom can swim.
At least we know Tom is alive.
At least we know Tom is still alive.
At least we know that Tom is alive.
At least we know that Tom is still alive.
At least we should try.
At least we still have each other.
At least we tried.
At least we'll be safe here.
At least we'll have time to prepare for it.
At least we're not late.
At least we're still in one piece.
At least you admit it.
At least you didn't get hurt.
At least you didn't give her any money.
At least you didn't hurt yourself.
At least you didn't lose anything.
At least you didn't steal anything.
At least you didn't throw up.
At least you had fun.
At least you have a fairly secure job.
At least you have options.
At least you know how it feels now!
At least you made an effort.
At least you pulled a guy.
At least you slept.
At least you tried.
At least you'll be able to row your way out of the oncoming flood.
At least you'll have something to write home about.
At least you've got a fairly secure job.
At least, I have a beautiful view of the mountains from my apartment.
At least, I think so.
At least, I was there.
At least, Tom doesn't snore.
At least, Ziri still has Rima.
At least, he did not die in vain.
At least, let Tom finish his coffee.
At least, no one was hurt.
At least, nobody died.
At least, not that one. You see, I give the lecture.
At least, say "thank you."
At least, she did not die in vain.
At least, stay till morning.
At least, stay till the morning.
At least, that's how it seems to me.
At least, that's what I've been told.
At least, that's what Tom says.
At least, that's what he said.
At least, that's what she said.
At least, they paid me to do it.
At least, we won't die hungry.
At length Caleb, with a trembling hand, undid the bars, opened the heavy door, and stood before them, exhibiting his thin grey hairs, bald forehead, and sharp high features, illuminated by a quivering lamp which he held in one hand, while he shaded and protected its flame with the other.
At length Daphnis bade them farewell, and gave each of them a kiss; saluting Chloe last of all, that her kiss might remain pure and unalloyed upon his lips.
At length a timid and hesitating voice replied: “Master—Master of Ravenswood, is it you?” “Yes, it is I, Caleb; open the door quickly.”
At length one pleased me more than the rest. He approves of my judgment, swearing that that horse had been desired frequently by many.
At length one shell cracked, and then another, and from each egg came a living creature that lifted its head and cried, "Peep, peep."
At length the rowers passed out of sight, and all became silent: not a sound was to be heard from the sea or from the valley: whereupon Chloe inquired of Daphnis whether there was another sea behind the hill, and another boat, whose crew sang the same strain, and ceased singing at the same time.
At length they have wrought it out so as to pay the penalty.
At length, I found his house.
At length, he began to cry.
At length, he came to understand the theory.
At length, in a desperate lunge, which he followed with an attempt to close, Bucklaw's foot slipped, and he fell on the short grassy turf on which they were fighting.
At length, my wish was realized.
At length, the ship arrived at its home port.
At length, we reached the top of the mountain.
At long last he made up his mind to propose to her.
At long last!
At long last, he understood the theory.
At long last, the truth surfaced.
At long last, the two chiefs of the Indian tribes have decided to bury the hatchet and smoke the peace pipe.
At long last, the two chiefs of the Indian tribes have decided to make peace.
At long last, they reached the summit.
At long last, you will get married in June.
At low temperatures, water turns to ice.
At lunch, Ziri sat down next to Rima.
At lunchtime today, our usual restaurant was closed because of a funeral in the family.
At many sites, there are rotten tree trunks lying on the ground on which grow moss and ferns.
At meal time Boaz said to her, "Come here, and eat some bread, and dip your morsel in the vinegar."
At meal-times the food is served in lacquer and porcelain dishes on lacquer trays, placed upon the floor in front of the kneeling family; and in this position the repast is taken.
At midday, we reached the mountain lake.
At midnight Tom awoke to loud, unidentifiable noises coming from the bedroom upstairs.
At midnight everybody entered.
At midnight, Yanni went downstairs.
At midnight, it was still as bright as day.
At midnight, some neighborhoods of Algiers are still wide awake.
At midnight, the fireworks pop.
At midnight, the vampire forgot he was on a diet.
At midnight, we reached the village by car.
At mosques, scarves, skirts and cardigans are offered for women to wear.
At most 10 people can sit round the table.
At most 40 percent of students go on to university.
At most seven people will help you.
At most, Henry has only six dollars.
At most, Henry has six dollars.
At most, I have three thousand yen.
At most, it'll cost ten pesos.
At most, it'll only take three hours.
At most, one Richmonder will win the lottery.
At most, there were only 100 passengers on the ferry.
At most, there'll be thirty people there.
At most, you'll only be thirty minutes late.
At motorway service areas in Germany, many people eat currywurst with chips.
At my age I have to take care of my body and avoid scrambling.
At my age ten and on my introduction to North America from the Philippines, my family first rented a ground floor suite at a cul-de-sac, where there was also a house with three Filipino children. They introduced me to eating cherries.
At my age ten and on my introduction to North America from the Philippines, my family first rented a ground floor suite in a flat suburb. In the neighbourhood were two sisters, who were half-Japanese and half-white; two Filipino brothers, who loudly played drums; black brother and sister, who played ping-pong in a driveway; and a Greek boy, who was friendly.
At my age ten and on my introduction to North America from the Philippines, my family first rented a ground floor suite. In the undeveloped backyard were some sand and coconut shells, which I used to imagine space habitats on a different planet. Running water from a faucet provided my vision of an alien river.
At my age, I avoid going out alone after sunset.
At my age, studying is tiring. But I can't resist – I like to study.
At my age, the drop in testosterone gives you that maturity that allows you to reflect before reacting.
At my birth, my uncle was approaching his fiftieth year.
At my corner window table, I was reading the Esperanto science fiction book La Imperio Ornaks by A. Thorkent. My parents bought me the book from the Esperanto Museum in Vienna, which they visited years ago. I also carried with me a French-Esperanto mini dictionary from Paris, 1947, from Internet shopping. Lately, I've been researching Japanese "hako-chitsu" bookbinding, which I first encountered in the Asian Library of UBC, my university.
At my fattest, I wore suspenders.
At my house, I have nowhere to study - it's too noisy there.
At my job, I am the youngest.
At my job, I spend the day on foot.
At my job, I spend the day on my feet.
At my job, I spend the day standing up.
At my joke, the audience burst into laughter.
At my place, we drink a lot of beer.
At my school, August 6th is dedicated every year to "peace education" as a day to instill the importance of peace in our hearts.
At my school, we team teach all the English classes.
At my sister's.
At my summons, instead of the man of violence whom we expected, a very old and wrinkled woman hobbled into the apartment.
At my university's Aquatic Centre, I was surprised one day to see Vuk, the black-haired Eastern European who was a Chemical Engineering student, inside the sauna. I couldn't see clearly without my eyeglasses.
At my university, UBC, at the Main Library, one of my favourite haunts was the section on artificial languages. There were ancient books, as well as newer ones.
At my university, UBC, the Aquatic Centre that I was nostalgic about was built in 1978, but was replaced by a new state-of-the-art facility in 2017. In the 1980s as a student, I enjoyed wading in the shallow end of the swimming pool and the jacuzzi, and sitting in the sauna.
At my university, UBC, there was an audio library, where I listened to experimental music and Nahuatl poetry.
At new moon, the Moon is lined up between the Earth and the Sun. We see the side of the Moon that is not being lit by the Sun. In other words, we see no Moon at all, because the brightness of the Sun outshines the dim Moon!
At night I had the same dream again.
At night I lay awake waiting for the break of dawn.
At night all cats are grey.
At night great beasts snarled and roared about their tiny cabin, but, so accustomed may one become to oft repeated noises, that soon they paid little attention to them, sleeping soundly the whole night through.
At night he goes out for a drink.
At night he goes out in the city to drink something.
At night he goes out to have a drink.
At night the birds don't sing.
At night the savage cry of the wolf too often disturbed the rest of the scattered dwellers in that vast forest, and made a belated traveller look well to the sharpness of his weapons and the temper of his bowstring; but by day and in the sunlight the forest was beautiful and quiet enough—something too quiet, perhaps, for the taste of the two handsome lads who were pacing the dim aisles together, their arms entwined and their curly heads in close proximity as they walked and talked.
At night the temperature fell below freezing.
At night we can see more stars than in Tokyo.
At night we can see more stars there than in Tokyo.
At night you can see lots of fireflies.
At night you sleep.
At night, I put my bell pepper plants at the open window, so they can harden off a bit before I plant them outside, cause now they still have such thin stems.
At night, I suffer nightmares.
At night, I write in the living room.
At night, Mary could see the stars through the window next to her bed.
At night, Mary turns into a black cat.
At night, Red Street is illuminated with colourful lights - let the magic enchant you!
At night, Roger went to music clubs and drinking places where country and western bands played. These places provided him with a music education.
At night, Sami became a completely different person.
At night, a strong wind blew.
At night, a strong wind was blowing.
At night, everything seems possible.
At night, he becomes a masochist.
At night, he struggles to sleep.
At night, he transforms into a werewolf.
At night, in the moonlight, when all were asleep, except the steersman who stood at the helm, she sat at the side of the ship trying to pierce the clear water with her eyes, and fancied she saw her father's palace, and above it her old grandmother with her silver crown on her head, looking up through the cross currents toward the keel of the ship.
At night, in the sky, we can see shooting stars.
At night, it's safer to walk in groups.
At night, parents tuck their children into bed.
At night, she can see the stars.
At night, she gazed at the moon.
At night, she puts on hair curlers.
At night, she used to dream of the country and the field of daisies and the apple trees dancing in the moonlight.
At night, the Martyrs' Memorial of Algiers changes colors.
At night, the factory looked creepy.
At night, the silence is occasionally punctuated by police vans using loudspeakers to broadcast health warnings and advice on preventing transmission.
At night, the streets of Algiers can be dangerous.
At night, the temperature fell to ten degrees.
At night, the trains run less frequently.
At night, this street is very peaceful.
At night, visitors to the lantern exhibit pass through red gates and enter a world of light, satin and steel.
At night, we could hear the wolves howling.
At night, we enjoyed the nightlife.
At night, we see more stars here than in Tokyo.
At night, we usually go bowling.
At night, when others are asleep, I often listen to the radio.
At night, when the husband came home, he found his wife lying dead upon the ground, her body all swollen and disfigured, but the girl was nowhere to be seen.
At nightfall I like following the tradition of taking a walk along the lakeside.
At nightfall, a group of twenty-nine came into that hostelry.
At nightfall, people go home.
At nightfall, when the last rays of the sun color the prairie sky red, the howls of coyotes resonate through the hills.
At nightfall, you can expect to see birds on the lake.
At nine in the evening, we visited the Anne Frank House.
At no period of our ancient history does there appear to have been greater attention paid to the culture of the female mind than during the age of Elizabeth and at no time has there existed a greater number of amiable and respectable women.
At no point did Jews disappear from the historical record; our continuous existence from antiquity to the present is a documented fact.
At no point in his life did Jesus become king.
At no time does the plain look so perfect as in early autumn.
At no time have we made your email address available to any other user without your permission.
At noon he has lunch in an Italian restaurant.
At noon local time, millions of people held a moment of silence to reflect and mourn with families who have lost relatives to violence, terrorism and crime.
At noon on the following day, we left for Boston.
At noon they lay down in a forest to rest.
At noon, I have lunch with my classmates.
At noon, the autumn sun shines highest in the sky.
At noon, we're eating pasta.
At once the birds left their nests.
At once the figure became invisible, as if it had melted into the air.
At once, 'twixt joy and terror rent in twain, / amazed, AEneas and Achates stand, / and long to greet old friends and clasp a comrade's hand. / Yet wildering wonder at so strange a scene / still holds them mute, while anxious thoughts divide / their doubtful minds.
At once, he rose and departed.
At one end of the cabin, he built a fireplace of small stones from the beach.
At one moment the bowsprit was taking a deadly aim at the sun in midheaven, and at the next it was trying to harpoon a shark in the bottom of the ocean.
At one point I had the nerve to tell him off.
At one point I told him to fuck off.
At one point I told him to get the fuck out of here.
At one point in the pandemic, everyone just decided to sacrifice our sick and elderly to the stonks god.
At one point in time we were enemies, but we concluded a peace and now have a good relationship with each other.
At one point, Donald wanted to make movies.
At one point, I wanted to do it myself, but then decided not to.
At one point, this city was beautiful.
At one station, water from the small stream is diverted into a large concrete flume where it is pumped into the testing station.
At one time I knew chemistry as well as I knew mathematics.
At one time I lived alone in the mountains.
At one time I was saying I want to become a novelist.
At one time Nigeria was a British colony.
At one time it was thought impracticable for man to fly.
At one time the entire Gothic race, loose from the reins of government, began to lean in spirit toward lust and hubris.
At one time the song was very popular.
At one time there were many slaves in America.
At one time they lived in Nagoya.
At one time we were enemies, but we've buried the hatchet and we are now on friendly terms with each other.
At one time we were enemies, but we’ve buried the hatchet and we are now on friendly terms with each other.
At one time, I used to go jogging every morning.
At one time, Rodinia contained most, if not all, of Earth’s landmass, and began to break apart about 750 million years ago during the Neoproterozoic era.
At one time, people would not have hesitated to light up a cigarette in stations, restaurants, or hospital waiting rooms.
At one time, the gratuity couldn't be removed, but in recent years, passengers were allowed to "adjust" it at their discretion.
At one time, there was a bridge here.
At one time, I thought that, too.
At only 14 years old, Chinese golfer Guan Tianlang is set to become the youngest player ever to tee off at the prestigious Masters tournament in Augusta, Georgia, which begins Thursday.
At only 17, Avi Schiffmann has built one of the most popular coronavirus-tracking websites in the world.
At other times he taught her to play on the pipe, and as she began to breathe into it he snatched it from her, pressed the reeds to his lips and made them sound, under pretence of teaching her and rectifying her errors; but in reality his purpose was to kiss those parts of the instrument which her lips had touched, and thus the pipe became a conductor for his kisses.
At our company, the retirement age is 60.
At our high school, French is an elective.
At our place, everybody's doing fine.
At our school, French is an option.
At our school, we have classes until three.
At our webpage, www.example.com, you'll find all the necessary information.
At our zoo, the pair of white lions had a litter.
At precisely sunset, the geese set off from the pastures on their way home.
At present "consume all consumable resources" is assigned as the operational meaning of TETRA.
At present I am working for a mid-level university.
At present I'm working for a big company in Brazil.
At present I’m working for a big company in Brazil.
At present a very great number of people are seeking to participate and, depending on circumstances, up to a month ahead is fully booked.
At present freedom of speech is taken for granted.
At present he lives by himself and the rest of the world means nothing to him.
At present he lives on his own and the world is nothing to him.
At present it is medically impossible to cure this disease.
At present it is out of my power to reward you for your services.
At present the Unites States have decided to go it alone.
At present the text book issue between the Korean and Japanese governments is developing into a significant problem affecting both countries.
At present there are about 31 million Americans over the age of sixty-five.
At present they are working for a big company in England.
At present they're living in Campinas.
At present they’re living in Campinas.
At present we have various difficulties to cope with.
At present, I prefer reading self-help books.
At present, building materials are very expensive.
At present, consensus has yet to be reached.
At present, firms everywhere are struggling to stay afloat in difficult economic conditions.
At present, going abroad is no longer the adventure it used to be.
At present, he is in Canada.
At present, he is on holiday.
At present, nothing goes smoothly; the Females of the Family are united against me.
At present, the cause of the disease is unknown.
At present, there are three varieties to choose from.
At present, there's no plan to do that.
At present, they are absent; they have gone out for lunch.
At present, trust in school education is wavering.
At present, we have 1,600 students at our school.
At quarter to eight I'm already at work.
At recess, Yuri went to his locker to get his basketball.
At recess, Ziri came to the dining room and bought some food.
At school I am on the Newspaper Committee.
At school I had enjoyed reading Japanese literature in English translation, in particular Soseki's I am a Cat and Kokoro, and Akutagawa's The Nose and Kappa.
At school I had enjoyed reading Japanese literature in English translation, in particular Soseki’s I am a Cat and Kokoro, and Akutagawa’s The Nose and Kappa.
At school I was Tom, but at home I was John.
At school everyone treats her badly.
At school he was always at the top of his class.
At school the other girls shunned Mary.
At school we get a new textbook every month.
At school, I've learned to write Latin.
At school, Mary ignored me and pretended that she didn't know me.
At school, Robert remained a troublemaker.
At school, Sami met a Muslim boy.
At school, Tom ignored me and pretended that he didn't know me.
At school, Ziri walked around like he owned the place.
At school, he had to learn out of obsolete books.
At school, students learn the three R's.
At school, the next day, Ziri was looking for Rima.
At school, we had to recite times tables parrot-fashion.
At school, we learn English.
At school, we learn French.
At school, we're taught reading, writing and arithmetic.
At sea level, the air that surrounds us presses down on our bodies at 14.5 pounds per square inch. You don't feel it because the fluids in your body are pushing outward with the same force.
At sea level, the weight of Earth’s atmosphere exerts a force of 14.7 pounds on every square inch of our bodies.
At sea level, water boils at one hundred degrees Celsius.
At seven I'll be back.
At seven I’ll be back.
At seven-thirty, we too closed the door behind us.
At seventy years old, she still has all her teeth.
At seventy, he is still active.
At seventy, my father is still very active.
At several points during the game, I was thinking: how would AlphaZero have approached this?
At sight of her Anne tried to scramble to her feet, but sank back again with a sharp little cry of pain.
At sight of him, the animal came forward, rubbed demonstratively against his legs, and with affectionate persistence followed him up-stairs.
At six in the morning, I was waiting at the bus stop.
At some point in his life he realised, despite his success, that he wasn't fulfilled.
At some point in history, a mosquito has to have bitten into a pimple and thought "What the fuck is this?"
At some point in life, money becomes important.
At some point in my life, I had to take out my destiny into my own hands.
At some point in the future, Algeria will have to live without fossils fuels.
At some point in the future, we're going to look back and say, "How did we do it without space?"
At some point it's worth asking why our system elevates the people it elevates.
At some point something went wrong.
At some point the United States will elect a female president, and it won't be a pretty sight.
At some point they started to drift apart.
At some point you have to draw the line.
At some point you will realize: Esperanto is unbeatable.
At some point, Sergey knew Portuguese well.
At some point, Tom has to leave.
At some point, enough was enough; I had to speak up.
At some point, he started resenting me.
At some point, it's going to happen.
At some point, that's going to happen.
At some point, the Moon became “tidally locked,” meaning Earth sees only one side of it.
At some point, things have got to change.
At some point, this sentence will be translated in Esperanto.
At some point, we have to face facts.
At some point, we just need to make a decision.
At some point, we're going to have to make some changes.
At some point, you have to stop.
At some points in my life, I wanted to live in Singapore or Thailand or Bali, Indonesia.
At some times of the year the difference between high and low tide in the Bay of Fundy is 16.3 meters, taller than a three-story building.
At sperm banks, women seeking insemination can choose their donor based on age, height, weight and other physical features, or even by donor's country of origin and astrological sign.
At such moments I don't think about all the misery, but about the beauty that still remains.
At such times, I think of my family, not my friends.
At sunset every day, an almost deafening sound from the sky can be heard in a community just east of Los Angeles.
At sunset every day, an almost deafening sound from the sky can be heard in a community just east of Los Angeles. It is the sound of parrots that have become a familiar part of life here.
At sunset, she can see an expansive sky that is brilliant pink and orange.
At sunset, the crickets begin to chirp and the fireflies light up the night.
At sunset, the crickets begin to chirp, and the fireflies light up the night.
At sunset, the inhabitants gathered around the fire to share stories.
At sunset, they return home together: the cows to their wooden shed, and Prem Buth to his concrete house next door.
At supper, we'll have couscous with raisins.
At ten o'clock in the evening I'm already asleep.
At ten past eight this morning, Mary gave birth to healthy triplets.
At ten past seven, he gets up.
At ten to eight, the first of them were already queuing at the door to the office, which remained locked.
At ten to eight, the first of them were already standing outside the office, whose door remained locked.
At ten years old his hair turned grey.
At that altitude the weather can change rapidly without warning.
At that high school, sports is more important than academics.
At that hospital, even if you've got an appointment you have to wait at least two hours, so be ready for that.
At that instant Holmes sprang like a tiger on to the marksman’s back, and hurled him flat upon his face.
At that instant it exploded with a great noise.
At that instant, the doorbell rang.
At that meeting, Kim promised to work toward a denuclearized Korean Peninsula and to move North Korea's clocks ahead by 30 minutes to correspond with the South Korean time zone, a pledge he fulfilled Saturday.
At that moment I was walking towards the station.
At that moment tears ran down the old man's face.
At that moment tears ran down the old man’s face.
At that moment the phone rang.
At that moment, Felix's knee started to twinge a bit.
At that moment, I felt in complete harmony with the world.
At that moment, I realized I'd forgotten my wallet at home.
At that moment, I was walking towards the station.
At that moment, Pedro leaves the room.
At that moment, Tom wasn't especially happy.
At that moment, Vladimir couldn't hold back his tears.
At that moment, William's truck drove by and he saw Sandra.
At that moment, Ziri didn't care about the money anymore.
At that moment, Ziri walked in.
At that moment, everybody was staring at me and putting me under pressure, which just made me even more nervous.
At that moment, everything I knew disappeared.
At that moment, everything became clear.
At that moment, he didn't show it, but he felt a little embarrassed.
At that moment, he snapped.
At that moment, inside of me, I felt an infinite sadness.
At that moment, the beam collapsed and the ladder fell to the ground in a shower of sparks.
At that moment, the telephone in the unit office rang.
At that moment, time seemed to be standing still.
At that moment, time seemed to stand still.
At that point I realized the danger of the situation.
At that point an uninvited guest stepped to the microphone.
At that point in the game, there is no way you can do a lot of damage to the boss enemy. You have to chip away at its health to defeat it.
At that point in time, I was more interested in studying than dating.
At that point it might be time to call it quits.
At that point of his life, America was his religion.
At that point the mistake will have already been made.
At that point, Elias was very tired.
At that point, Fadil had to prove that he still loved Layla.
At that point, I was afraid something bad was going to happen.
At that point, anything could've happened.
At that point, she reached for my face and scratched me.
At that point, we stopped our channel.
At that rate it would take her all night.
At that restaurant, everyone mistook ground peanuts for brown sugar.
At that same moment I saw a man on the opposite side of the street putting an envelope into a pillar box.
At that same moment I saw a man on the opposite side of the street putting an envelope into a postbox.
At that shop they deal in kitchen utensils.
At that store, they deal in fish and meat.
At that time I had a poor income and couldn't live on it.
At that time I had a poor income and couldn’t live on it.
At that time I really understood that gorillas have feelings.
At that time I was extremely mentally damaged, as I am now.
At that time I wasn't even born.
At that time Juda went down from his brethren, and turned in to a certain Odollamite, named Hiras.
At that time Laban was gone to sheer his sheep, and Rachel stole away her father's idols.
At that time a cup of coffee cost ¥200.
At that time a primitive people lived there.
At that time he was strong and energetic.
At that time in the courts of the feudal lords there were many scholars who engaged in discrimination, such as the followers of Xun Kuang, who wrote books that were disseminated throughout the whole world.
At that time my house was already built.
At that time no thought of danger crossed my mind.
At that time nobody lived on the island.
At that time she was engaged in operating a tractor.
At that time she was engaged in some sort of work.
At that time the United States, North and South, were engaged in war, and when the war was coming into Indian Territory, the Indians divided.
At that time the snow plow was certainly our hero.
At that time two prostitutes came to the king and stood before him.
At that time we were suffering.
At that time, Bangladesh will become a middle income country too.
At that time, Ethelbert ruled as king in Kent, and was powerful.
At that time, Google Translator didn't exist yet.
At that time, I didn't know Tom was such a bad driver.
At that time, I didn't know that Tom was such a bad driver.
At that time, I didn't know that we wouldn't be allowed to do that.
At that time, I didn't know we wouldn't be allowed to do that.
At that time, I didn't know what Tom had done.
At that time, I didn't know what Tom was doing.
At that time, I didn't know when Tom would arrive.
At that time, I didn't yet know everybody's name.
At that time, I didn't yet know everyone's name.
At that time, I didn't yet know exactly what I had to do.
At that time, I didn't yet know exactly what I needed to do.
At that time, I didn't yet know exactly what I should do.
At that time, I didn't yet know exactly when I was supposed to be there.
At that time, I didn't yet know if Tom would go camping with us or not.
At that time, I didn't yet know if Tom would go with me or not.
At that time, I didn't yet know what I had to do.
At that time, I didn't yet know what I needed to do.
At that time, I didn't yet know what I should do.
At that time, I didn't yet know what I was going to do.
At that time, I didn't yet know what I was supposed to do.
At that time, I didn't yet know what I'd be doing.
At that time, I didn't yet know what I'd do.
At that time, I didn't yet know what Tom and I were supposed to do.
At that time, I didn't yet know what Tom wanted to do.
At that time, I didn't yet know what Tom wanted us to do.
At that time, I didn't yet know what Tom was going to do.
At that time, I didn't yet know what Tom would do.
At that time, I didn't yet know what we had to do.
At that time, I didn't yet know what we needed to do.
At that time, I didn't yet know what we should do.
At that time, I didn't yet know what we were going to do.
At that time, I didn't yet know what we were supposed to do.
At that time, I didn't yet know what we'd do.
At that time, I didn't yet know when Tom would arrive.
At that time, I didn't yet know where I was going to live.
At that time, I didn't yet know whether I could go or not.
At that time, I didn't yet know whether I had to do that or not.
At that time, I didn't yet know whether I needed to do that or not.
At that time, I didn't yet know whether Tom could go or not.
At that time, I didn't yet know whether Tom would go camping with us or not.
At that time, I had no idea what was going to happen.
At that time, I knew Tom was a gangster, but it didn't really bother me much.
At that time, I knew that Tom was a gangster, but it didn't really bother me much.
At that time, I thought it was important to do that.
At that time, I thought that I was going to die for real.
At that time, I thought that it was important to do that.
At that time, I used to have terrifying hallucinations.
At that time, I was in Australia.
At that time, I was in Boston.
At that time, I was in Canada.
At that time, I was not studying.
At that time, I was still a student.
At that time, I was still awake.
At that time, I was still not asleep.
At that time, I was still taking French lessons.
At that time, I was too young and to understand what that meant.
At that time, I was too young and to understand what was going on.
At that time, I was too young and to understand what was happening.
At that time, I was too young to know any better.
At that time, I'm always at the gym.
At that time, Indians were not to eat rabbit meat, they said.
At that time, Mary wore a pure white pearl necklace on her chest.
At that time, Mexico was not yet independent of Spain.
At that time, NATO bombed the bases of the Bosnian Serbs.
At that time, Tom and I were in Australia.
At that time, Tom and I were in Boston.
At that time, Tom and I were still awake.
At that time, Tom and Mary were in Boston.
At that time, Tom and Mary were really hungry.
At that time, Tom and Mary were swimming.
At that time, Tom and Mary weren't very happy.
At that time, Tom didn't know Mary was the one he'd eventually get married to.
At that time, Tom didn't know that Mary was the one he'd eventually get married to.
At that time, Tom lived in a small town in Australia.
At that time, Tom was in Australia.
At that time, Tom was in Boston.
At that time, Tom was just a toddler.
At that time, Tom was really hungry.
At that time, Tom was sitting between Mary and John.
At that time, Tom was still a high school student.
At that time, Tom was swimming.
At that time, Tom was too young and so was I.
At that time, Tom wasn't very happy.
At that time, Yanni lived in a small town in Algeria.
At that time, astronomy and astrology were still indivisible.
At that time, bicycles were just starting to get popular and, here and there, there were many unskilled beginners who ran into people and broke through their hedges.
At that time, black children didn't go to school with white children.
At that time, he pointed out every single pronunciation mistake I made, no matter how small it was. It was annoying. Especially in front of other people.
At that time, he said, “make sure they get the best available light, water, and fertilizer to make sure they grow their best before flowering again.”
At that time, he was a student.
At that time, he was living in Algiers.
At that time, he was quite far from becoming a Muslim.
At that time, my house was still being built.
At that time, my house was under construction.
At that time, my mother was younger than I am now.
At that time, my uncle was the only person in the village who had a car.
At that time, none of my friends knew how to drive.
At that time, our planet was spinning much faster, with one day lasting only 5 hours.
At that time, she was a student at Yale.
At that time, she was bathing in the sun.
At that time, she was busy with some sort of work.
At that time, she was smiling and singing very quietly.
At that time, tariffs were high on many products.
At that time, the Romans ruled land and sea.
At that time, the city is full of people who'll either try to sell you drugs, steal your pizza, or ask you for change.
At that time, the city is full of people who’ll either try to sell you drugs, steal your pizza, or ask you for change.
At that time, the territory belonged to Spain.
At that time, the title of lady was only used for noblewomen.
At that time, the train was terribly crowded.
At that time, the train was very crowded.
At that time, the two main schools of thought in psychology were behaviourism and psychoanalysis.
At that time, the whole world was hungry.
At that time, there was a successful social renewal.
At that time, this building was a school.
At that time, we were quite rich.
At that time, we were still young, thirsting for adventure, and our desire for action knew no bounds.
At that time, we were young and strong.
At that time, white bread and meat were considered a luxury.
At that very moment the lights went out.
At that very moment, the poor man fainted!
At that, he stood up.
At the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month -- precisely 100 years after fighting halted in the first world war -- leaders from more than 60 nations -- the majority of countries that sent troops or workers to the Western Front -- gathered at the Arc de Triomphe to remember the millions who died in the conflict.
At the 31st African Union Summit in Mauritania last week, African heads of state said they want to prevent billions more being stolen by seeking to abolish banking secrecy and tax havens.
At the 4th Congress of World Azerbaijanis, held in Baku in June 2016, Mehriban Aliyeva was elected a member of the World Azerbaijanis Coordination Board.
At the Asian Library of my university, I enquired if there was a Filipino section, but there was none; however, there were sections for Indonesian, Japanese, Chinese, Korean, East Indian languages, and others.
At the Asian Library of my university, I observed the beautiful Japanese books in elegant box encasings. I knew then that Japan was really like a "different planet."
At the Battle of Verdun, French forces stopped a German attack.
At the Cincinnati Zoo, a baby hippo named Fiona is helping to educate young people, both in the city of Cincinnati, Ohio and across the United States.
At the Fukushima No.1 nuclear power plant, all the reactors stopped just after the quake.
At the Ishikawa Oku Laboratory there has been amazing progress in that direction, such as a robot that can catch a falling egg without breaking it, another one that can tie a knot, and a robot that may not be quite ready for the NBA, but is able to dribble a ball.
At the Martian poles are polar ice caps which shrink in size during the Martian spring and summer.
At the Museum of 20th Century Art, we saw Mary and Tom, who we had met the previous summer.
At the Musée d'Orsay you can admire the work of numerous artists including Cézanne, Corot, Klimt, Delacroix, Pissaro and Toulouse-Lautrec.
At the National Museum of Natural History, the dinosaur and fossil section, which includes a fossil skeleton of a ferocious Tyrannosaurus rex, is popular, as are the mineral and gems collection with the blue Hope Diamond, one of the world’s largest and most valuable diamonds.
At the New Year, we spend a lot of time with our family.
At the North Pole, there are no penguins.
At the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya there is a secure enclosure where the last two known female Northern White Rhinos are grazing peacefully.
At the Oregon Medical Laser Center in the western city of Portland, a team of scientists is working on building tissue from proteins found in the human body. Led by cardiologist Kenton Gregory, the researchers are creating biocompatible tissues made of a substance called elastin, a protein that is produced naturally in the body.
At the T-junction, please turn left.
At the Thermopylae pass, the Greeks waited for the Persians. The Persians saw them; they didn't understand why they were combing their hair and working out. It was because they were waiting for death.
At the U.S. Department of Agriculture's research center near Washington, D.C., plant physiologist Lewis Ziska said weeds — defined as any unwanted plant — appear to be thriving in today's atmosphere, which is richer in carbon dioxide, or CO₂. And Ziska said agricultural research studies show that if climate trends continue, allergy sufferers will have to endure longer and more intense pollen seasons in the decades ahead.
At the University I spent my entire time in the acquisition of languages, living, dead, and half-dead, and knew nothing of the outside world. In this diligent pursuit of words I spent about sixteen hours of each day. Very soon after graduation I had forgotten the languages, and found myself intellectually bankrupt. In other words I was what is called a distinguished graduate, and, as such, I took to school teaching as the only trade I could find that need neither experience nor intellect.
At the Vatican, Pope Francis urged the faithful to reject "the god of money" as well as consumerism, pleasure, success and self.
At the Waco Mammoth National Monument, visitors can view "in situ" fossils including female mammoths, a bull mammoth, and a camel that lived approximately 67,000 years ago.
At the Waste Water Treatment Plant in Boulder, Colorado, technician Dan Wadas leads nervous biology students toward what he says will be the smelliest part of their tour—the headworks.
At the Wat Yanviriya, a Thai temple in Vancouver, there was a girl named Nicole in my meditation class. She had long blonde hair. She showed me and other meditators a photograph of her with a bunch of orange-robed Thai monks all bathing in a river during her visit in Thailand.
At the Western Wall, a revered Jewish shrine in Jerusalem's Old City, a lone ultra-orthodox worshipper pressed his snow-covered beard against the sacred stones.
At the Woodward Library of my university, UBC, there are a lot of interesting biomedical books and journals.
At the World Cup, star Lionel Messi tied a ribbon given to him by a fan around his ankle.
At the age of 12 months the child learns to distinguish ordinary surroundings from foreign surroundings.
At the age of 17, Mary started smoking, and she still does.
At the age of 18, Tom volunteered to join the army.
At the age of 18, she had her first child.
At the age of 22, I fell in love with my boss.
At the age of 29, Haibin Liang became a crewman on international cargo ships.
At the age of 5, my daughter says things like, "I don't like lacto ice cream because it doesn't taste good. Make it ice cream or ice milk."
At the age of 55, Tom suddenly decided that he wanted to become an artist.
At the age of 70, he's still active.
At the age of 70, he's still an activist.
At the age of 77 his lungs were affected by years of smoking.
At the age of 84, I dreamed about a fleeting love.
At the age of 84, I dreamt of a fleeting love.
At the age of fifty she embarked on a new career.
At the age of just 20, Ms. Farrell began her own weekly network radio program, in which she performed a mix of classical works as well as Broadway show tunes.
At the age of nine I ran away from home.
At the age of seven, it was normal for me to wake up at five o'clock in the morning, put on my shoes, put on a T-shirt and go work in the hot sun, burning — my back was aching, 20-30 pounds of buckets of cucumbers next to me, trying to make ends meet.
At the age of seventeen, he fled his native village.
At the age of six I wanted to be a cook. At seven I wanted to be Napoleon. And my ambition has been growing steadily ever since.
At the age of six he had learned to use the typewriter and told the teacher that he did not need to learn to write by hand.
At the age of six, I was taken to a circus for the first time.
At the age of sixteen, I got pregnant.
At the age of sixty, he retired.
At the age of ten Caroline was stricken with typhus. The disease permanently stunted her growth.
At the age of twenty-one he wrote a treatise upon the Binomial Theorem, which has had a European vogue.
At the airport they will weigh the suitcases.
At the airport, David was met by his personal limo driver.
At the airports, passengers are being checked for symptoms of the virus with heat sensors.
At the appointed hour, the lovers met.
At the arrival of her visitors she turned her head towards them.
At the atomic scale we observe quantum mechanical effects that can not be explained by classical mechanics.
At the back of the house is a garden.
At the ball, everyone raved about my dress.
At the bank, there is a lot of money.
At the bar.
At the base of the rock, several ancient dwellings were built, and other features that still bewilder the nation’s leading scholars of indigenous people.
At the beach the kid likes to play with the sand.
At the beach, we were greeted by the yelps of half a dozen seagulls that were stealing a piece of discarded bread from each other.
At the beauty parlour I told them I wanted just a little taken off of my bangs, but look, completely straight!
At the beginning it'll be tough, but everything's tough at the beginning.
At the beginning it’ll be tough, but everything’s tough at the beginning.
At the beginning of March the thaw set in, and the lake was soon filled with floes of ice, on one of which sat a lonely little cat.
At the beginning of a game of checkers, on a 64-square board, the white pieces are placed on a1, c1, e1, g1; b2, d2, f2, h2; a3, c3, e3, and g3. Black occupies the b8, d8, f8, h8, a7, c7, e7, g7, b6, d6, f6, and h6 squares.
At the beginning of a marathon race, scores of runners start, but only a few finish and just one takes the cake.
At the beginning of a new year, some people like to start with a clean slate.
At the beginning of a sentence a capital letter is used.
At the beginning of civilization, the crazy man, the shaman, ate grass on the river bank and pulled his hair out. Now today, the same madman blabbers on his cellphone about crypto-currency, buys a scone at Starbucks for $4.35, and his hair falls out on its own.
At the beginning of the book is a table of contents.
At the beginning of the broadcast, the debate announcers called each candidate's name.
At the beginning of the fifth year, Tony said he was going to have to charge more.
At the beginning of the film, the girl discovers that she's pregnant from her black boyfriend.
At the beginning of the game, the pawn is the piece with the lowest value, but if a pawn advances to the other end of the board (eighth row for white, first row for black) it will be promoted, that is, it will be replaced, to player's choice, by a knight, a bishop, a rook or, most often, a queen.
At the beginning of the new year, it's customary to look back on the old.
At the beginning of the twentieth century, the Russian intelligentsia found itself between a rock and a hard place.
At the beginning of their relationship, everything seemed fine.
At the beginning we said that all beings say “In the Name of God” through the tongue of disposition.Is that so?
At the beginning you had disliked the idea, but now you seem to be content.
At the beginning, I couldn't understand him.
At the beginning, I couldn't understand it.
At the beginning, I was bored with radio gymnastics, but now I do not dislike it.
At the beginning, Mennad was very careful.
At the beginning, everything is new and unusual.
At the beginning, he didn't believe it at all.
At the beginning, many adherents proposed one or another little reform. Democratically, Zamenhof gave ear to all and reported them with faithful care in the La Esperantisto magazine.
At the beginning, the weaning process is stressful for the lambs.
At the behest of their corporate masters, multiple Republican-governed U.S. states are attempting to legalize child labor; one already has.
At the best hotels, there is always someone at your beck and call.
At the biology library of my university in the 1980's, I liked to read about zoology, botany, and bioengineering. I realize now in the 2020's that the Web is full of information about these things.
At the bonfire, Lorenzo met Melissa.
At the bookstall, I only found some old newspapers and magazines.
At the border you have to show your passport.
At the border, I was asked to show my passport.
At the border, they sometimes search vehicles and drivers.
At the bottom of my garden grows a tree.
At the bottom of the basket there was a letter.
At the bottom of the letter he wrote "Kind regards," then signed his name.
At the bottom of the ocean, there are small underwater volcanoes spewing scalding hot water, gases, and chemicals like methane and ammonia. They're called hydrothermal vents.
At the bus stop, people waited in orderly lines, but as soon as the bus pulled up, the line broke up.
At the cafe the rainy day after Halloween of 2021, Hans the Netherlander mentioned to me that Italian food was "acquired taste" for him. He mentioned the method of tenderizing octopus and the way the ink complimented the dish. I mentioned the black squid ink spaghetti. I said that I liked all seafood, including octopus, squid, and cuttlefish, which made him squirm. Then, I mentioned that I liked moussaka, a Greek lasagna-type dish with eggplants. Hans said that as a Netherlander, he liked "plain meat and potatoes." But Netherlanders do eat raw herring.
At the cafe, whilst drinking iced tea, my activities include people-watching and daydreaming, using my mind's eye, whilst others around me are gazing at their devices.
At the camp, it was difficult to see anything.
At the car wash next to the shopping mall.
At the centre of the council estate was a green surrounded by a motley collection of small, tired and tatty-looking shops, half of which were empty, their windows boarded up.
At the centre of the park is a pond.
At the cinema, Anna meets Ben.
At the city center, there are many tall buildings.
At the coastal periphery of my university, UBC, is the nudist Wreck Beach.
At the college I'm attending, everything I need is right there, so I don't need a car.
At the command "Stop!" you all need to freeze.
At the concert, he stood in line at the ticket booth.
At the conclusion of the meeting, President Ilham Aliyev presented a keepsake to President Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan.
At the convocation, all the faculty and deans wore their doctoral regalia and octagonal hats.
At the corner, he turned left.
At the crossroads, turn left.
At the current pace, it takes about three weeks to eliminate 10,000 orcs.
At the dance, everyone complimented me on how I was dressed.
At the dance, everyone raved about my gown.
At the death of the man who repeatedly abused her she feels free, free for the first time since she left the womb.
At the dinner party he insisted on my making a speech.
At the doctor's and the dentist's.
At the doctor’s and the dentist’s.
At the door of every happy person there should be a man with a hammer whose knock would serve as a constant reminder of the existence of unfortunate people.
At the door of the house we were met by a tall, white-faced, flaxen-haired man, with a notebook in his hand, who rushed forward and wrung my companion's hand with effusion.
At the door stood a woman.
At the door, she found a coach made of pure gold, with the coat-of-arms of the prince and princess shining upon it like a star.
At the drag event, a man started to undress in front of the children.
At the eclipse of 1868, which the astronomers, aroused by the wonderful scene of 1842, and eager to test the powers of the newly invented spectroscope, flocked to India to witness, he conceived the idea of employing the spectroscope to render the solar prominences visible when there was no eclipse.
At the edge of the forest was a village.
At the edge of the forest, I met a tall man in a hunting outfit.
At the edge of the road lay a dead shrew.
At the elite level, amateur athletics is a scam. Money is being made, but the athletes aren't allowed to share in it.
At the end of 2012, the Belarusian president re-introduced serfdom by forbidding the workers of Borisovdrev to quit their jobs.
At the end of April, the water of the Yellow River had darkened.
At the end of March we'll marry.
At the end of March we’ll marry.
At the end of March, we switch over to summer time.
At the end of November, darkness falls early in the day.
At the end of a gestation period usually lasting from two to four weeks, the pregnant male’s abdominal area begins to undulate rhythmically, and strong muscular contractions eject from a few dozen to as many as 1,000 fully formed baby seahorses into the surrounding water.
At the end of a long day she would remove her brassiere and settle into more comfortable clothing.
At the end of a long drab passage my new acquaintance pushed open a door and turned on an electric switch. A number of lamps shining through tinted shades bathed the whole great room before us in a ruddy radiance.
At the end of a sentence, you should pause a little.
At the end of a working day, everybody is in a hurry to get home.
At the end of every day, his back was tired and his legs hurt.
At the end of every subject, I have an exam.
At the end of fifty-one years, Tom and Mary divorced.
At the end of high school -- and at least one additional romance with a jazz musician later -- Sasha decided to study jazz in college instead of musical theater.
At the end of his life, Hokusai lived in misery, alone with his daughter, and worked until his death.
At the end of it, you might suffer more than we do.
At the end of last month, May of 2014, Bratislav, of Croatian descent, had left the Lulu Island neighbourhood, he having bought a new house and abandoning his slender townhouse. One of our last meetings in the neighbourhood was at the Rideau School field. We discussed plenty. Russia and China had been "State Capitalist" regimes and not "Communist" as they claimed to be. There was an alien "spacecraft" hovering invisibly above the grassy field; oh no, it was some kind of "portal"; oh no, it was an "incorporeal being." Many East Asian logograms, or "Sinograms," had a categorizing radical along with a hinting phonetic radical; they were not all pictographic. Daoists, I said, liked to be like a simple driftwood. There were aliens aplenty, Bratislav repeated. That day on the field last month, the thousands of dandelions were abundant with cloudy tufts of their soon-to-fly seeds.
At the end of my work day, I remove my name tag and earpiece and leave them in my locker.
At the end of the 2013 season, Tom retired from football.
At the end of the ceremony, the new couple kissed.
At the end of the class, the teacher said, "That's enough for today."
At the end of the class, the teacher said, "That’s enough for today."
At the end of the concert, the audience applauded for several minutes.
At the end of the day I'm sore.
At the end of the day we were so tired that we didn't say another word to each other.
At the end of the day, I relaxed with a wonderful bubble bath.
At the end of the day, Mennad is going to do what he wants to do.
At the end of the day, Mennad is gonna do what he wants to do.
At the end of the day, a country that makes its bed has to lie in it.
At the end of the day, it doesn't matter.
At the end of the day, it's just food.
At the end of the day, it’s just food.
At the end of the day, it’s your choice.
At the end of the day, she's proud of what she did.
At the end of the day, she's still the mother of my kids.
At the end of the day, the goals are simple: safety and security.
At the end of the day, the right decision was made.
At the end of the day, we have the same goal.
At the end of the feast James rose with his flagon in his hand.
At the end of the first half Real Madrid were in the lead, but Chelsea won in the end.
At the end of the forest, there is a beautiful lake.
At the end of the game, Black had two territories, one of which encircled 9 crosses, and the other, 31. They thus scored 40 points. White, in turn, also had two territories, which contained 17 and 22 crosses, respectively. Therefore, they scored 39 points. Black won by 1 point.
At the end of the game, the king and the pawn go back in the same box.
At the end of the game, the player with the most points wins.
At the end of the movie, a bombshell was dropped.
At the end of the movie, she dies with her mother.
At the end of the night, they'll sort through the candy and enjoy their favorites.
At the end of the party, only two guests remained.
At the end of the path there was a mailbox. One day, there was an exciting letter in it, and it was for me.
At the end of the sentence one should put a period.
At the end of the sentence, you should add a period.
At the end of the sleep the dormant awakes.
At the end of the speech she repeated the word.
At the end of the story, the poor orphan girl marries the king's son.
At the end of the third quarter, Italy's GDP was 1.4% below its level at the end of 2019.
At the end of the week he goes to the bar.
At the end of the year in Japan, concerts of Beethoven's Ninth are held in various regions as if it's an annual event.
At the end of the year, Tom sends holiday cards to his relatives.
At the end of the year, we'll see the first results.
At the end of this street is a library.
At the end of three years, I became fluent.
At the end of times, all demons and their servants will fall into the deepest abyss.
At the end she will have had enough.
At the end, all you get is a clammy handshake.
At the end, the conscientious girl gave up with her English homework, and started to revise her list of Ainu words.
At the end, there were only about five competitors left.
At the end, there were only about five participants left.
At the entrance of a Japanese house, visitors are generally asked to take off their shoes.
At the entrance of the building, Ziri ran into his mother and sister.
At the entrance of the park, there was a newspaper vending machine.
At the equator, Earth's surface is rotating at 1675 kilometers per hour!
At the equator, the Earth is rotating at a speed of about 2200 kilometers per hour.
At the ethics committee, a temporary halt to cloning experiments was decided.
At the fair, he tasted delicious food from around the world.
At the farmers market, he bought fruits.
At the final whistle, there was a chorus of boos from the home supporters.
At the first glance, the girl who was acting as hostess might be deemed the more attractive of the pair. She was tall, slender, charmingly dressed, and carried herself with an assured elegance that hinted of the stage.
At the first hint of trouble, Tom disappeared.
At the first intersection, turn left.
At the first junction, turn left.
At the first stage I had a cold.
At the first-ever Ghana Fashion and Design Week this fall, catwalk spectators can expect to see styles that accentuate the hips and shoulders, said the event’s spokesperson, Ivy Prosper.
At the fish market, she bought two trouts and an octopus.
At the foot of the cliffs was a strip of fine white sand, to which she swam with the beautiful prince, and laid him down on it.
At the foot of the hill is a beautiful lake.
At the foot of the hill you'll see a white building.
At the foot of the mountain is a car park for hikers.
At the foot of the mountain is a car park for ramblers.
At the foot of the mountain, the fields stretched far and wide and in these fields the cherry blossoms were in bloom, giving off a sweet scent.
At the foot of the palm tree there grows a palm seedling.
At the foothills of the Sierra Nevada mountains in Northern California, the deadliest fire in California history burned a year ago and destroyed 90% of the town of Paradise.
At the forefront of our agenda has to be what is best for the citizens.
At the front of the house is a garden.
At the front, there are many with a death wish, but the executioners are picky.
At the funeral, the widow looked very dignified, with her black suit, hat and gloves.
At the funeral, the widow was overwrought with grief.
At the gala event to announce the winner at the U.S. Cheese Championship, ticket-holders got to sample dozens of cheeses, including the always-popular cheddar.
At the games they were sold by men who kept them warm in hot-water tanks.
At the graduation ceremony, William took pictures with his family.
At the greengrocers I buy a kilo of bananas, oranges and apples.
At the gym, Tom's heartbeat rises dramatically when he thinks about future social interactions.
At the halfway mark, Tom still looked like the certain winner.
At the head of my bed, there is an icon of the Virgin Mary which a friend brought me from the Vatican.
At the height of the Cold War, my father decided, like so many others in the forgotten corners of the world, that his yearning - his dream - required the freedom and opportunity promised by the West.
At the height of the outbreak, Wilson sent troops abroad packed into ships that were “cauldrons of virus transfers,” said Max Skidmore.
At the height of the steel industry, Pittsburgh was shrouded in industrial pollution. Long time residents — like Joseph Sabino Mistick — say for years the only time you could see the sky was when the steelworkers were on strike.
At the hill, there's a big gray building.
At the hospital he was given some blood transfusions.
At the hospital, I asked the doctor if I could have a copy of the tomographic scan of my brain, but she rather ignored my request.
At the hospital, I met a very nice nurse.
At the hospital, they took a sample of my blood for analysis.
At the inauguration ceremony a plaque was unveiled in honor of the founder.
At the inauguration ceremony, a plaque was unveiled in honour of the founder.
At the initiative and direct leadership of the National Leader Heydar Aliyev, the foundation of the "Azerbaijan" Thermal Power Plant was laid in Mingachevir in 1974, and with the participation of the National Leader, the first unit of the plant was put into operation in 1981.
At the initiative of Mehriban Aliyeva, First Vice-President of the Republic of Azerbaijan, President of the Heydar Aliyev Foundation, the Heydar Aliyev Foundation is systematically and consistently working to convey the facts about the Khojaly genocide, one of the greatest tragedies of humanity, to the world.
At the international Comic-Con convention that ended July 22, Emmeline Ye, a Chinese-American from San Diego, is dressed up in a Wonder Woman costume.
At the ivy-covered university mathematics library, I liked reading journals about mathematics. The lives of mathematics professors are really exciting.
At the job interview, I was asked what I made at my current job.
At the last office I went to I ran out of work after a couple of hours, which made the rest of the day rather boring.
At the least there is nobody who equals Madonna.
At the library.
At the market I bought some carrots and nuts, which I'm going to use to make a salad.
At the market such cheese costs only five euro something per kilo.
At the market we bought peaches, artichokes, courgettes, strawberries and aubergines.
At the market where I bought the vegetables, you can also buy flowers.
At the market, the farmer is selling his farmer's bread.
At the market, the farmer is selling his farmer’s bread.
At the meeting I pointed out the plan's merit.
At the meeting I pointed out the plan’s merit.
At the meeting he monopolized the discussion and completely disrupted the proceeding.
At the meeting he said a lot, but his argument did not hold water.
At the meeting last night the problem gave rise to heated discussion.
At the meeting, we came up with a lot of new ideas.
At the mere recollection of this, courage came into his heart.
At the molecular level, salt dissolves in water due to electrical charges and due to the fact that both water and salt compounds are polar, with positive and negative charges on opposite sides in the molecule. The bonds in salt compounds are called ionic because they both have an electrical charge—the chloride ion is negatively charged and the sodium ion is positively charged. Likewise, a water molecule is ionic in nature, but the bond is called covalent, with two hydrogen atoms both situating themselves with their positive charge on one side of the oxygen atom, which has a negative charge. When salt is mixed with water, the salt dissolves because the covalent bonds of water are stronger than the ionic bonds in the salt molecules.
At the moment I am looking for a job.
At the moment I am not thirsty.
At the moment I do not have any social media sites open in any of my browsers. You can do this, too.
At the moment I don't need anything.
At the moment I'm looking for work.
At the moment I'm playing soccer. How about you, what are you doing?
At the moment it's glorious sunshine, with not a cloud in the sky, but there's supposed to be a thunderstorm this afternoon.
At the moment only a child can save my marriage.
At the moment she saw a tall man with a gun standing in the doorway, she instinctively backed away.
At the moment she's learning Portuguese, which she needs for her job.
At the moment that I thought I was having a premonition, suddenly everything went black.
At the moment the patient is out of danger.
At the moment they think that the accident is due to his carelessness.
At the moment we are fully occupied. Please wait here until a seat is available.
At the moment we are planning our future work.
At the moment we have no other leads to follow.
At the moment you are unbeatable. Even the others notice.
At the moment you're in no condition to drive.
At the moment, 1 dollar is equal to 110 yen.
At the moment, I am writing a letter to my wife.
At the moment, I can't help them.
At the moment, I don't have much money.
At the moment, I don't know where I left it, but I know I still had it today.
At the moment, I don't think that my Berber is very good.
At the moment, I fell no bad.
At the moment, I have a pretty good job.
At the moment, I have no plans to travel.
At the moment, I work as a teacher at the school.
At the moment, I'm learning Esperanto.
