Tom doesn't think Mary really has to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary really knows how to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary really meant to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary really needed to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary really needs to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary really planned on doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary really planned to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary really wants to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary should ask John to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary should be doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary should do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary should drive home since she's been drinking.
Tom doesn't think Mary should eat so much junk food.
Tom doesn't think Mary should have done that.
Tom doesn't think Mary should sing.
Tom doesn't think Mary should worry so much.
Tom doesn't think Mary should've done that.
Tom doesn't think Mary snores.
Tom doesn't think Mary wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary wants to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary wants to go.
Tom doesn't think Mary was in Australia.
Tom doesn't think Mary was in Boston.
Tom doesn't think Mary was the one who did that.
Tom doesn't think Mary was the one who stole his bicycle.
Tom doesn't think Mary will actually do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will agree to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will allow John to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will allow him to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will allow me to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be able to convince John to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be able to convince John to stop doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be able to do that by herself.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be able to do that without some help.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be absent.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be afraid.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be allowed to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be alone.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be amused by what's going on.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be angry.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be annoyed.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be at home this afternoon.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be at school today.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be awake when he gets home.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be back soon.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be bored.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be busy next week.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be careful.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be careless.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be cold.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be coming in this morning.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be coming today.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be confused.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be cooperative.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be crying.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be difficult to get along with.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be discouraged.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that again.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that anymore.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that by herself.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that soon.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that today.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that with John.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that with him.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be early.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be embarrassed.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be excited.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be first.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be frightened.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be glad that that's going to happen.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be glad that's going to happen.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be gone by the time we get there.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be here this morning.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be here today.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be here until after 2:30.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be here.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be impressed.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be in Australia next spring.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be in Boston next winter.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be in her office on Monday.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be in her office tomorrow morning.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be interested in doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be interested.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be jealous.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be last.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be late.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be lonely.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be mad.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be motivated to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be nervous doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be nervous.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be permitted to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be present at today's meeting.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be punctual.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be ready to do that until next year.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be ready.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be reasonable.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be scared.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be stubborn.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be surprised.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be suspicious.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be sympathetic.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be tempted to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be the first one to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be the last one to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be the next one to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be through doing that yet.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be upset.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be worried.
Tom doesn't think Mary will buy that for you.
Tom doesn't think Mary will come in this morning.
Tom doesn't think Mary will cry.
Tom doesn't think Mary will do that by herself.
Tom doesn't think Mary will do that for John.
Tom doesn't think Mary will do that for you.
Tom doesn't think Mary will do that to John.
Tom doesn't think Mary will do that today.
Tom doesn't think Mary will do that tomorrow.
Tom doesn't think Mary will do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will do the job very well.
Tom doesn't think Mary will do the job well.
Tom doesn't think Mary will eat the salad if it has onions in it.
Tom doesn't think Mary will enjoy doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will ever be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will ever come back to Australia.
Tom doesn't think Mary will ever come back to Boston.
Tom doesn't think Mary will forget to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will have the time to do that today.
Tom doesn't think Mary will have to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will like John.
Tom doesn't think Mary will like doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will like to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will likely cry.
Tom doesn't think Mary will likely do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will lose.
Tom doesn't think Mary will need to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will permit John to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will permit him to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will permit me to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will really do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will say yes.
Tom doesn't think Mary will want to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will win.
Tom doesn't think Mary would allow John to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would allow him to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would allow me to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be afraid to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be amused by what's going on.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be angry even if he did that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be discouraged.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be doing that if she didn't want to.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be doing that on a hot day like today.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be drunk at this time of day.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be frightened by that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be glad if that happened.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be happy doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be impressed.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be interested.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be jealous.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be mad even if he did that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be miserable doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be nervous doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be quiet doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be surprised if he did that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be willing to lend him her guitar.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be worried.
Tom doesn't think Mary would do that on purpose.
Tom doesn't think Mary would do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would do what you said she did.
Tom doesn't think Mary would enjoy doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would ever be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would forget to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would have to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would let John do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would let John drive.
Tom doesn't think Mary would let him do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would let him drive.
Tom doesn't think Mary would let you do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would like doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would like to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would likely do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would need to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would permit John to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would permit him to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would permit me to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would really do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would really want to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would try to do that without our help.
Tom doesn't think Mary would want to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary's French pronunciation is very good.
Tom doesn't think Mary's crazy.
Tom doesn't think Mary's plan is feasible.
Tom doesn't think Mary's pronunciation is very good.
Tom doesn't think about others.
Tom doesn't think anybody can do that.
Tom doesn't think anybody could do that.
Tom doesn't think anybody else wants to come.
Tom doesn't think anybody would really do that.
Tom doesn't think anyone can do that.
Tom doesn't think anyone could do that.
Tom doesn't think anyone would really do that.
Tom doesn't think anything bad is ever going to happen.
Tom doesn't think banks are open today.
Tom doesn't think before he speaks.
Tom doesn't think doing this is worth our time.
Tom doesn't think he can do that by himself.
Tom doesn't think he can do that now.
Tom doesn't think he can do that right now.
Tom doesn't think he can do that that soon.
Tom doesn't think he can do that today.
Tom doesn't think he can do that, does he?
Tom doesn't think he can do that.
Tom doesn't think he can find the time to do that.
Tom doesn't think he can finish the job alone.
Tom doesn't think he can finish the job by himself.
Tom doesn't think he can get Mary to do that.
Tom doesn't think he can get along with Mary.
Tom doesn't think he can help you move the piano today.
Tom doesn't think he can make the deadline.
Tom doesn't think he can stop Mary from doing that.
Tom doesn't think he can win.
Tom doesn't think he could do that kind of thing.
Tom doesn't think he could do that to Mary.
Tom doesn't think he could do that without our help.
Tom doesn't think he could do that.
Tom doesn't think he could ever do that.
Tom doesn't think he could ever eat a cockroach.
Tom doesn't think he did anything wrong.
Tom doesn't think he has a chance to win.
Tom doesn't think he has enough time to do that.
Tom doesn't think he has the time to help you today.
Tom doesn't think he has to do that today.
Tom doesn't think he has to do that.
Tom doesn't think he is up to the job.
Tom doesn't think he looks like his father.
Tom doesn't think he needs to do that today.
Tom doesn't think he needs to do that.
Tom doesn't think he needs to use deodorant.
Tom doesn't think he ought to do that.
Tom doesn't think he really has to do that.
Tom doesn't think he really needs to do that.
Tom doesn't think he should do that.
Tom doesn't think he snores.
Tom doesn't think he wants to do that right now.
Tom doesn't think he'd be able to do that without our help.
Tom doesn't think he'd enjoy doing that.
Tom doesn't think he'd want to do that.
Tom doesn't think he'll be able come tomorrow.
Tom doesn't think he'll be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think he'll be able to finish the job by himself.
Tom doesn't think he'll be able to win.
Tom doesn't think he'll be allowed to do that.
Tom doesn't think he'll be permitted to do that.
Tom doesn't think he'll cry.
Tom doesn't think he'll do that.
Tom doesn't think he'll ever be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think he'll ever do that.
Tom doesn't think he'll ever meet Mary.
Tom doesn't think he'll get in trouble.
Tom doesn't think he'll get the job.
Tom doesn't think he'll have the time to do that today.
Tom doesn't think he'll lose.
Tom doesn't think he'll win.
Tom doesn't think he's allowed to do that.
Tom doesn't think he's as creative as Mary.
Tom doesn't think he's capable of doing that.
Tom doesn't think he's ever met Mary.
Tom doesn't think he's ever met you.
Tom doesn't think he's going to be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think he's going to do that.
Tom doesn't think he's permitted to do that.
Tom doesn't think he's ready to do that yet.
Tom doesn't think he's smart enough to get into Harvard.
Tom doesn't think he's up to the job.
Tom doesn't think he's very good at French.
Tom doesn't think his gender should dictate how he should act.
Tom doesn't think his son is still alive.
Tom doesn't think it was Mary's fault.
Tom doesn't think it was his fault.
Tom doesn't think it will snow this afternoon.
Tom doesn't think it would be a good idea to do that.
Tom doesn't think it would be wise to do that.
Tom doesn't think it'll be easy to do that.
Tom doesn't think it'll be possible to do that.
Tom doesn't think it'll be quite that easy to do that.
Tom doesn't think it'll be that easy to do that.
Tom doesn't think it'll rain tomorrow.
Tom doesn't think it'll rain, but he plans to carry an umbrella just in case.
Tom doesn't think it'll snow tomorrow.
Tom doesn't think it'll work.
Tom doesn't think it's a big deal.
Tom doesn't think it's a good idea.
Tom doesn't think it's a very good idea to go skinny dipping.
Tom doesn't think it's disgusting to eat certain insects.
Tom doesn't think it's funny.
Tom doesn't think it's going to work.
Tom doesn't think it's his fault.
Tom doesn't think it's impossible.
Tom doesn't think it's necessary to do that.
Tom doesn't think it's possible to do that.
Tom doesn't think it's possible.
Tom doesn't think it's safe for Mary to do that.
Tom doesn't think it's safe for you to do that.
Tom doesn't think it's such a big deal.
Tom doesn't think it's such a big problem.
Tom doesn't think it's true.
Tom doesn't think it's weird at all.
Tom doesn't think it's worth it.
Tom doesn't think our approach will work.
Tom doesn't think our plan is very good.
Tom doesn't think so.
Tom doesn't think that I ate anything, does he?
Tom doesn't think that I can do it, does he?
Tom doesn't think that I can do that.
Tom doesn't think that I can do this.
Tom doesn't think that I did that, does he?
Tom doesn't think that I should do that.
Tom doesn't think that John is Mary's son.
Tom doesn't think that Mary did all her homework by herself.
Tom doesn't think that Mary did that, does he?
Tom doesn't think that Mary does that.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is a nurse.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is annoyed.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is at home.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is attractive.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is busy.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is cute.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is glad that's going to happen.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is happy.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is having fun.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is hungry.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is in Australia.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is in Boston.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is right.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is saying what she really thinks.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is the one who did that.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is tired.
Tom doesn't think that Mary knows it was him who did that.
Tom doesn't think that Mary knows that it was him who did that.
Tom doesn't think that Mary knows what she's doing.
Tom doesn't think that Mary looks like her mother.
Tom doesn't think that Mary made a wise decision.
Tom doesn't think that Mary should do that.
Tom doesn't think that Mary should sing.
Tom doesn't think that Mary was busy.
Tom doesn't think that Mary was having fun.
Tom doesn't think that Mary was hungry.
Tom doesn't think that Mary was in Australia.
Tom doesn't think that Mary was in Boston.
Tom doesn't think that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom doesn't think that Mary was the one who stole his bicycle.
Tom doesn't think that Mary was tired.
Tom doesn't think that Mary will be annoyed.
Tom doesn't think that Mary will be coming today.
Tom doesn't think that Mary will be crying.
Tom doesn't think that Mary will be excited.
Tom doesn't think that Mary will be glad that's going to happen.
Tom doesn't think that Mary will be here today.
Tom doesn't think that Mary will be in Australia next spring.
Tom doesn't think that Mary will be in Boston next winter.
Tom doesn't think that Mary will come.
Tom doesn't think that Mary will ever come back to Australia.
Tom doesn't think that Mary will ever come back to Boston.
Tom doesn't think that Mary will lose.
Tom doesn't think that Mary would be worried.
Tom doesn't think that Mary would do that.
Tom doesn't think that Mary would ever do that kind of thing.
Tom doesn't think that Mary's performance was very good.
Tom doesn't think that anybody could do that.
Tom doesn't think that anyone could do that.
Tom doesn't think that doing that is a bad idea.
Tom doesn't think that doing that is a good idea.
Tom doesn't think that doing that is a very good idea.
Tom doesn't think that doing that is such a good idea.
Tom doesn't think that doing that would be a bad idea.
Tom doesn't think that doing that would be a good idea.
Tom doesn't think that doing that would be a very good idea.
Tom doesn't think that doing that would be such a bad idea.
Tom doesn't think that doing that would be such a good idea.
Tom doesn't think that he can do that by himself.
Tom doesn't think that he can win.
Tom doesn't think that he has a chance to win.
Tom doesn't think that he has anything to do with the matter.
Tom doesn't think that he has to do that today.
Tom doesn't think that he needs to use deodorant.
Tom doesn't think that he should do that.
Tom doesn't think that he's up to the job.
Tom doesn't think that is a good idea.
Tom doesn't think that it will work.
Tom doesn't think that it'll be quite that easy to do that.
Tom doesn't think that it'll rain tomorrow.
Tom doesn't think that it'll work.
Tom doesn't think that it's a big deal.
Tom doesn't think that our plan is very good.
Tom doesn't think that peeing in the pool is really that big of a deal.
Tom doesn't think that that would be the right thing to do.
Tom doesn't think that that's such a big deal.
Tom doesn't think that the judge's decision was fair.
Tom doesn't think that the judge's decision was unfair.
Tom doesn't think that they'll permit you to do that.
Tom doesn't think that we can do that.
Tom doesn't think that we can pull this off.
Tom doesn't think that we can put this off.
Tom doesn't think that we can win.
Tom doesn't think that we should do that.
Tom doesn't think that we should even consider doing that.
Tom doesn't think that will do any good.
Tom doesn't think that will ever happen.
Tom doesn't think that would be good.
Tom doesn't think that would be the right thing to do.
Tom doesn't think that you know how to do that.
Tom doesn't think that'll happen today.
Tom doesn't think that'll happen.
Tom doesn't think that's a good idea.
Tom doesn't think that's going to happen.
Tom doesn't think that's right.
Tom doesn't think that's such a big deal.
Tom doesn't think there is any advantage of doing it the way you suggest we do it.
Tom doesn't think there is any life on Mars.
Tom doesn't think there is any need for Mary to attend the meeting.
Tom doesn't think there is any way Mary could do that.
Tom doesn't think they'll allow him to do that.
Tom doesn't think they'll allow me to do that.
Tom doesn't think they'll allow you to do that.
Tom doesn't think they'll permit him to do that.
Tom doesn't think they'll permit me to do that.
Tom doesn't think they'll permit you to do that.
Tom doesn't think they're capable of doing that.
Tom doesn't think this is a coincidence.
Tom doesn't think this is going to work.
Tom doesn't think this is such a good idea.
Tom doesn't think this is the first time Mary has tried to do that.
Tom doesn't think this is the first time that Mary has tried to do that.
Tom doesn't think this makes any sense.
Tom doesn't think very highly of you.
Tom doesn't think we can do that, does he?
Tom doesn't think we can do that.
Tom doesn't think we can pull this off.
Tom doesn't think we can put this off.
Tom doesn't think we can take care of ourselves.
Tom doesn't think we can trust Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't think we can trust Mary as much as we used to.
Tom doesn't think we can trust Mary.
Tom doesn't think we can win.
Tom doesn't think we could do that.
Tom doesn't think we did that right.
Tom doesn't think we have to do that today.
Tom doesn't think we have to do that.
Tom doesn't think we need to do that today.
Tom doesn't think we need to do that.
Tom doesn't think we really have to do that.
Tom doesn't think we really need to do that.
Tom doesn't think we should do that.
Tom doesn't think we'll be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think we'll be able to win.
Tom doesn't think we'll do that.
Tom doesn't think we'll find anybody who can do that for us.
Tom doesn't think we'll find anybody who'll do that for us.
Tom doesn't think we'll find anybody willing to do that for us.
Tom doesn't think we'll find anyone who can do that for us.
Tom doesn't think we'll find anyone who'll do that for us.
Tom doesn't think we'll find anyone willing to do that for us.
Tom doesn't think we'll win.
Tom doesn't think we're capable of doing that.
Tom doesn't think we're going to be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think we're ready to do that yet.
Tom doesn't think you can do that.
Tom doesn't think you can find that here.
Tom doesn't think you can swim.
Tom doesn't think you can take care of yourself.
Tom doesn't think you can win.
Tom doesn't think you have to do that.
Tom doesn't think you know how to do that.
Tom doesn't think you need to do that.
Tom doesn't think you should ask Mary to do that.
Tom doesn't think you should be doing that.
Tom doesn't think you should do that.
Tom doesn't think you should have done that.
Tom doesn't think you should've done that.
Tom doesn't think you understand me.
Tom doesn't think you would do that.
Tom doesn't think you'd do that.
Tom doesn't think you'd enjoy doing that.
Tom doesn't think you'll be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think you'll be able to win.
Tom doesn't think you'll be allowed to do that.
Tom doesn't think you'll be permitted to do that.
Tom doesn't think you'll cry.
Tom doesn't think you'll do that.
Tom doesn't think you'll win.
Tom doesn't think you're able do that.
Tom doesn't think you're able win.
Tom doesn't think you're allowed to do that.
Tom doesn't think you're going to be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think you're going to do that.
Tom doesn't throw parties anymore.
Tom doesn't travel as much as Mary does.
Tom doesn't travel as much as Mary.
Tom doesn't travel much anymore.
Tom doesn't treat Mary very nicely.
Tom doesn't treat Mary very well.
Tom doesn't treat Mary well.
Tom doesn't treat his dog very well.
Tom doesn't treat his dog well.
Tom doesn't trust Mary any longer.
Tom doesn't trust Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't trust Mary one bit.
Tom doesn't trust Mary with his car.
Tom doesn't trust Mary with his children.
Tom doesn't trust Mary.
Tom doesn't trust Tom.
Tom doesn't trust Western medicine.
Tom doesn't trust a thing Mary says.
Tom doesn't trust any of us.
Tom doesn't trust anybody and nobody trusts Tom.
Tom doesn't trust anybody and nobody trusts him.
Tom doesn't trust anybody anymore.
Tom doesn't trust anybody but Mary.
Tom doesn't trust anybody else to do that for him.
Tom doesn't trust anybody else to do that.
Tom doesn't trust anybody except Mary.
Tom doesn't trust anybody, not even me.
Tom doesn't trust anybody.
Tom doesn't trust anyone and no one trusts Tom.
Tom doesn't trust anyone and no one trusts him.
Tom doesn't trust anyone anymore.
Tom doesn't trust anyone but Mary.
Tom doesn't trust anyone else to do it.
Tom doesn't trust anyone else to do that for him.
Tom doesn't trust anyone else to do that.
Tom doesn't trust anyone except Mary.
Tom doesn't trust anyone.
Tom doesn't trust anyone: neither his friends, nor his wife, nor his children, nor even himself.
Tom doesn't trust anyone: not his friends, nor his wife, nor his children, nor even himself.
Tom doesn't trust doctors anymore.
Tom doesn't trust doctors.
Tom doesn't trust himself around Mary.
Tom doesn't trust me anymore.
Tom doesn't trust me.
Tom doesn't trust people.
Tom doesn't trust strangers.
Tom doesn't trust the government.
Tom doesn't trust the police.
Tom doesn't trust them.
Tom doesn't trust us.
Tom doesn't trust what anyone says.
Tom doesn't trust women.
Tom doesn't trust you anymore.
Tom doesn't trust you, does he?
Tom doesn't trust you.
Tom doesn't try very hard.
Tom doesn't turn thirty until October.
Tom doesn't understand British humour.
Tom doesn't understand French at all.
Tom doesn't understand French very well.
Tom doesn't understand French.
Tom doesn't understand Mary at all.
Tom doesn't understand Mary sometimes.
Tom doesn't understand Mary's reluctance to go out with his brother.
Tom doesn't understand Mary.
Tom doesn't understand Sanskrit.
Tom doesn't understand a thing.
Tom doesn't understand a word of French.
Tom doesn't understand a word you're saying.
Tom doesn't understand any French.
Tom doesn't understand anything.
Tom doesn't understand because he wasn't paying attention.
Tom doesn't understand fractions.
Tom doesn't understand how Mary feels.
Tom doesn't understand how a computer works.
Tom doesn't understand how that could have happened.
Tom doesn't understand how that could've happened.
Tom doesn't understand how this works.
Tom doesn't understand how to use a computer.
Tom doesn't understand irony or sarcasm.
Tom doesn't understand me the way you do.
Tom doesn't understand me, either.
Tom doesn't understand me.
Tom doesn't understand modern technology.
Tom doesn't understand much French.
Tom doesn't understand social cues.
Tom doesn't understand that at all.
Tom doesn't understand that.
Tom doesn't understand the difference between a cathode and an anode.
Tom doesn't understand the difference between butter and margarine.
Tom doesn't understand the difference between confidence and arrogance.
Tom doesn't understand the difference between transitive and intransitive verbs.
Tom doesn't understand the environmental impacts associated with a Western lifestyle.
Tom doesn't understand the risks.
Tom doesn't understand the rules of the game.
Tom doesn't understand the rules.
Tom doesn't understand the situation.
Tom doesn't understand the value of money.
Tom doesn't understand the value of saving.
Tom doesn't understand things well.
Tom doesn't understand this.
Tom doesn't understand we're all just God in disguise.
Tom doesn't understand what Mary is trying to say.
Tom doesn't understand what we're saying.
Tom doesn't understand what you expect him to do.
Tom doesn't understand what you said.
Tom doesn't understand what you want him to do.
Tom doesn't understand what you want.
Tom doesn't understand what you're driving at.
Tom doesn't understand what you're saying.
Tom doesn't understand what you're talking about.
Tom doesn't understand what's going on either, but he won't admit it.
Tom doesn't understand what's going on.
Tom doesn't understand what's happening.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary acted that way.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary acts that way.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary behaves that way.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary behaves the way she does.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary did that.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary does that.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary got angry with him.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary is so popular.
Tom doesn't understand why anybody would do that.
Tom doesn't understand why anybody would want to do that.
Tom doesn't understand why anyone would do that.
Tom doesn't understand why anyone would want to do that.
Tom doesn't understand why everyone is ignoring the double standard.
Tom doesn't understand why we did that.
Tom doesn't understand why we're doing this.
Tom doesn't understand why.
Tom doesn't understand you.
Tom doesn't understand.
Tom doesn't use Facebook.
Tom doesn't use Twitter anymore.
Tom doesn't use a brush to paint, instead applying the paint to the canvas straight from the tube.
Tom doesn't use a brush to paint; instead, he applies the paint to the canvas straight from the tube.
Tom doesn't use a cane anymore.
Tom doesn't use a computer every day.
Tom doesn't use any social media.
Tom doesn't use drugs.
Tom doesn't use his turn signals.
Tom doesn't use it.
Tom doesn't use rinse. He only uses shampoo.
Tom doesn't use salt in his cooking.
Tom doesn't use steroids.
Tom doesn't use sunscreen.
Tom doesn't use vulgar language.
Tom doesn't usually buy expensive clothes.
Tom doesn't usually comb his hair.
Tom doesn't usually disobey his parents.
Tom doesn't usually do his homework in the kitchen.
Tom doesn't usually do stupid things like that.
Tom doesn't usually do that after dinner.
Tom doesn't usually do that alone.
Tom doesn't usually do that by himself.
Tom doesn't usually do that for me.
Tom doesn't usually do that in the morning.
Tom doesn't usually do that kind of thing.
Tom doesn't usually do that.
Tom doesn't usually do things like that.
Tom doesn't usually do this kind of thing.
Tom doesn't usually dress like that.
Tom doesn't usually drink beer at parties.
Tom doesn't usually drink beer.
Tom doesn't usually drink brandy.
Tom doesn't usually drink coffee.
Tom doesn't usually drink tea.
Tom doesn't usually drink tequila.
Tom doesn't usually drink that much.
Tom doesn't usually drink very much.
Tom doesn't usually drink wine.
Tom doesn't usually drive to work.
Tom doesn't usually eat anything before he goes on stage.
Tom doesn't usually eat breakfast.
Tom doesn't usually eat dessert.
Tom doesn't usually eat lunch at home.
Tom doesn't usually eat meat.
Tom doesn't usually eat onions.
Tom doesn't usually eat pizza because he doesn't like cheese.
Tom doesn't usually eat raw fish.
Tom doesn't usually eat spinach.
Tom doesn't usually get enough sleep.
Tom doesn't usually get here on time.
Tom doesn't usually get what he asks for.
Tom doesn't usually go to school by bus.
Tom doesn't usually go to work by car.
Tom doesn't usually hang out with us.
Tom doesn't usually lie to me.
Tom doesn't usually make those kinds of mistakes.
Tom doesn't usually mind the heat or the cold.
Tom doesn't usually need to use a cane.
Tom doesn't usually play backgammon.
Tom doesn't usually read non-fiction.
Tom doesn't usually read the newspaper.
Tom doesn't usually say anything.
Tom doesn't usually show his feelings.
Tom doesn't usually sing in French.
Tom doesn't usually sit next to Mary.
Tom doesn't usually snore.
Tom doesn't usually stay up late at night.
Tom doesn't usually stop if the light is yellow.
Tom doesn't usually take medicine if he has a cold.
Tom doesn't usually talk to me like that.
Tom doesn't usually talk to me.
Tom doesn't usually to go to bed before midnight.
Tom doesn't usually trust anyone.
Tom doesn't usually walk anywhere.
Tom doesn't usually walk to the gym.
Tom doesn't usually want afters.
Tom doesn't usually want dessert.
Tom doesn't usually watch this kind of movie.
Tom doesn't usually wear a hat.
Tom doesn't usually wear a tie.
Tom doesn't usually wear flip-flops.
Tom doesn't usually wear jeans.
Tom doesn't usually wear pajamas.
Tom doesn't usually win.
Tom doesn't usually work at night.
Tom doesn't value it very highly.
Tom doesn't very often eat cookies.
Tom doesn't visit Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't visit his parents anymore.
Tom doesn't vote based on political affiliation.
Tom doesn't vote.
Tom doesn't wait for anybody.
Tom doesn't wait for anyone.
Tom doesn't walk anymore.
Tom doesn't walk anywhere anymore.
Tom doesn't walk anywhere.
Tom doesn't walk anywhere. He always drives.
Tom doesn't walk to school every day.
Tom doesn't walk to school with the other kids.
Tom doesn't want Mary anywhere near him.
Tom doesn't want Mary butting in.
Tom doesn't want Mary crying.
Tom doesn't want Mary doing that.
Tom doesn't want Mary there.
Tom doesn't want Mary to babysit his children.
Tom doesn't want Mary to be a model.
Tom doesn't want Mary to buy that.
Tom doesn't want Mary to call the police.
Tom doesn't want Mary to come here.
Tom doesn't want Mary to come to his party.
Tom doesn't want Mary to come to the party.
Tom doesn't want Mary to cry.
Tom doesn't want Mary to die.
Tom doesn't want Mary to do that again.
Tom doesn't want Mary to do that alone.
Tom doesn't want Mary to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't want Mary to do that by herself.
Tom doesn't want Mary to do that for him.
Tom doesn't want Mary to do that right now.
Tom doesn't want Mary to do that.
Tom doesn't want Mary to do the same thing he did.
Tom doesn't want Mary to do what he did.
Tom doesn't want Mary to drive him home.
Tom doesn't want Mary to drive his car.
Tom doesn't want Mary to drive.
Tom doesn't want Mary to ever do that again.
Tom doesn't want Mary to find out about this.
Tom doesn't want Mary to find out about what happened.
Tom doesn't want Mary to find out the truth.
Tom doesn't want Mary to get a tattoo.
Tom doesn't want Mary to get hurt.
Tom doesn't want Mary to get in trouble.
Tom doesn't want Mary to get into trouble.
Tom doesn't want Mary to get involved.
Tom doesn't want Mary to get too excited.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go anywhere without him.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go hang gliding.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go home by herself.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go out with John.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go out with other guys.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go to Australia with John.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go to Australia with him.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go to Australia without him.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go to Australia.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go to Boston with John.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go to Boston with him.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go to Boston without him.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go to Boston.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go.
Tom doesn't want Mary to help him.
Tom doesn't want Mary to kiss him in public.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know he can't do that.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know he doesn't know what to do.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know he doesn't like her parents.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know he was fired.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know he's rich.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know that he can't do that.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know that he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know that he doesn't know what to do.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know that he doesn't like her parents.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know that he hates living in Boston.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know that he was fired.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know that he's rich.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know the truth.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know what happened.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know what he did.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know what he'd done.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know where he lives.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know where he's going.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know.
Tom doesn't want Mary to leave the house.
Tom doesn't want Mary to leave.
Tom doesn't want Mary to marry John.
Tom doesn't want Mary to move to Australia.
Tom doesn't want Mary to move to Boston.
Tom doesn't want Mary to participate.
Tom doesn't want Mary to say anything to John about seeing Alice with another man.
Tom doesn't want Mary to say anything to John.
Tom doesn't want Mary to see John anymore.
Tom doesn't want Mary to see his painting until it's done.
Tom doesn't want Mary to sing at his party.
Tom doesn't want Mary to sing.
Tom doesn't want Mary to speak to John.
Tom doesn't want Mary to stay any longer.
Tom doesn't want Mary to succeed.
Tom doesn't want Mary to suffer.
Tom doesn't want Mary to swim by herself.
Tom doesn't want Mary to talk to John.
Tom doesn't want Mary to tell the truth.
Tom doesn't want Mary to think he's a fool.
Tom doesn't want Mary to think he's a jerk.
Tom doesn't want Mary to think he's a wimp.
Tom doesn't want Mary to touch him.
Tom doesn't want Mary to wear any jewelry.
Tom doesn't want Mary to work.
Tom doesn't want Mary's old job.
Tom doesn't want Mary's pity.
Tom doesn't want a car.
Tom doesn't want a dog.
Tom doesn't want a girlfriend.
Tom doesn't want a party.
Tom doesn't want a ukulele made of plastic.
Tom doesn't want an iPad. He wants a portable device that supports Flash.
Tom doesn't want any candy.
Tom doesn't want any coffee.
Tom doesn't want any of Mary's money.
Tom doesn't want any part of this.
Tom doesn't want any pizza.
Tom doesn't want any trouble.
Tom doesn't want anybody asking questions about Mary.
Tom doesn't want anybody to help him.
Tom doesn't want anybody to know he's going to Australia.
Tom doesn't want anybody to know he's going to Boston.
Tom doesn't want anybody to know he's going to do that.
Tom doesn't want anybody to know that he's going to Australia.
Tom doesn't want anybody to know that he's going to Boston.
Tom doesn't want anyone else to know.
Tom doesn't want anyone in his room while he's away.
Tom doesn't want anyone to know he's going to Australia.
Tom doesn't want anyone to know he's going to Boston.
Tom doesn't want anyone to know he's going to do that.
Tom doesn't want anyone to know he's rich.
Tom doesn't want anyone to know that he's going to Australia.
Tom doesn't want anyone to know that he's going to Boston.
Tom doesn't want anyone to know that he's rich.
Tom doesn't want anyone to know.
Tom doesn't want anyone to see it.
Tom doesn't want anyone to suffer.
Tom doesn't want anything bad to happen.
Tom doesn't want anything else.
Tom doesn't want anything like that.
Tom doesn't want anything to change.
Tom doesn't want anything to do with me.
Tom doesn't want anything to do with us.
Tom doesn't want anything to drink.
Tom doesn't want anything to eat.
Tom doesn't want anything to happen to Mary.
Tom doesn't want anything.
Tom doesn't want children, but I do.
Tom doesn't want children.
Tom doesn't want dinner.
Tom doesn't want help.
Tom doesn't want his parents to find out he failed the test.
Tom doesn't want his parents to find out that he failed the test.
Tom doesn't want his parents to find out that he was drunk.
Tom doesn't want his parents to find out what he did.
Tom doesn't want his parents to find out what he's done.
Tom doesn't want his parents to find out.
Tom doesn't want his parents to know he got drunk.
Tom doesn't want his parents to know he's a furry.
Tom doesn't want his parents to know that he can't do that.
Tom doesn't want his parents to know that he's going to drop out of school.
Tom doesn't want his picture taken.
Tom doesn't want his son to be like me.
Tom doesn't want his son to turn out like me.
Tom doesn't want it, does he?
Tom doesn't want it.
Tom doesn't want justice. He wants revenge.
Tom doesn't want justice. He wants vengeance.
Tom doesn't want kids.
Tom doesn't want me anymore.
Tom doesn't want me around when Mary is here.
Tom doesn't want me hanging around here.
Tom doesn't want me here, does he?
Tom doesn't want me there.
Tom doesn't want me to come to his party.
Tom doesn't want me to do that for Mary.
Tom doesn't want me to do that for him.
Tom doesn't want me to do that today.
Tom doesn't want me to do that.
Tom doesn't want me to go to Boston.
Tom doesn't want me to go, but I'm going to go anyway.
Tom doesn't want me to go.
Tom doesn't want me to help you.
Tom doesn't want me to see what he's doing.
Tom doesn't want me to show you how to do that.
Tom doesn't want me to stay.
Tom doesn't want me to talk about what we discussed yesterday.
Tom doesn't want me to win.
Tom doesn't want me.
Tom doesn't want my help.
Tom doesn't want one.
Tom doesn't want our help.
Tom doesn't want people asking so many questions.
Tom doesn't want people to know about that.
Tom doesn't want pity.
Tom doesn't want that anymore.
Tom doesn't want that right now.
Tom doesn't want that to happen again.
Tom doesn't want that to happen.
Tom doesn't want that.
Tom doesn't want the kids to hear him.
Tom doesn't want the money.
Tom doesn't want the same thing to happen again.
Tom doesn't want the same thing to happen here.
Tom doesn't want the same things Mary wants.
Tom doesn't want the truth to come out.
Tom doesn't want them back.
Tom doesn't want them there.
Tom doesn't want them to be there.
Tom doesn't want them.
Tom doesn't want this either.
Tom doesn't want this shirt anymore.
Tom doesn't want this shirt.
Tom doesn't want this.
Tom doesn't want to admit Mary was right and that he was wrong.
Tom doesn't want to admit he doesn't know how to do it.
Tom doesn't want to admit he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom doesn't want to admit he has a drinking problem.
Tom doesn't want to admit he was wrong.
Tom doesn't want to admit his alcohol tolerance is low.
Tom doesn't want to admit how much he misses Mary.
Tom doesn't want to admit it, but he's excited about tomorrow's dance.
Tom doesn't want to admit that Mary was right and that he was wrong.
Tom doesn't want to admit that he doesn't know how to do it.
Tom doesn't want to admit that he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom doesn't want to admit that he has a drinking problem.
Tom doesn't want to admit that he was wrong.
Tom doesn't want to answer Mary's message.
Tom doesn't want to answer.
Tom doesn't want to apologize to Mary for doing that.
Tom doesn't want to apologize.
Tom doesn't want to appear weak.
Tom doesn't want to argue with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to argue with you.
Tom doesn't want to ask Mary for help.
Tom doesn't want to ask Mary to do that.
Tom doesn't want to ask Mary to help him.
Tom doesn't want to attend the party.
Tom doesn't want to audition for that part.
Tom doesn't want to be a French teacher.
Tom doesn't want to be a celebrity.
Tom doesn't want to be a computer programmer.
Tom doesn't want to be a designer.
Tom doesn't want to be a diplomat.
Tom doesn't want to be a doctor, although he's very good at science.
Tom doesn't want to be a doctor, although he's very good in science.
Tom doesn't want to be a doctor.
Tom doesn't want to be a firefighter.
Tom doesn't want to be a fireman.
Tom doesn't want to be a hero.
Tom doesn't want to be a janitor anymore.
Tom doesn't want to be a lawyer.
Tom doesn't want to be a lumberjack.
Tom doesn't want to be a paramedic.
Tom doesn't want to be a pharmacist.
Tom doesn't want to be a pilot.
Tom doesn't want to be a professional musician.
Tom doesn't want to be a singer.
Tom doesn't want to be a stuntman.
Tom doesn't want to be a surgeon.
Tom doesn't want to be a teacher.
Tom doesn't want to be a veterinarian.
Tom doesn't want to be alone.
Tom doesn't want to be an artist.
Tom doesn't want to be an electrical engineer.
Tom doesn't want to be an engineer.
Tom doesn't want to be annoying.
Tom doesn't want to be appointed chairman.
Tom doesn't want to be around Mary.
Tom doesn't want to be arrested.
Tom doesn't want to be asked to do that again.
Tom doesn't want to be at home.
Tom doesn't want to be caught.
Tom doesn't want to be cremated.
Tom doesn't want to be dependent on his parents.
Tom doesn't want to be different.
Tom doesn't want to be disappointed.
Tom doesn't want to be distracted.
Tom doesn't want to be disturbed by anyone.
Tom doesn't want to be disturbed.
Tom doesn't want to be doing that now.
Tom doesn't want to be embalmed.
Tom doesn't want to be famous.
Tom doesn't want to be first.
Tom doesn't want to be found guilty.
Tom doesn't want to be found.
Tom doesn't want to be friends with me.
Tom doesn't want to be here and I don't either.
Tom doesn't want to be here anymore.
Tom doesn't want to be here today.
Tom doesn't want to be here.
Tom doesn't want to be in Australia anymore.
Tom doesn't want to be in Australia in October.
Tom doesn't want to be in Australia now.
Tom doesn't want to be in Australia.
Tom doesn't want to be in Boston anymore.
Tom doesn't want to be in Boston next Monday.
Tom doesn't want to be in Boston now.
Tom doesn't want to be in Boston.
Tom doesn't want to be in the same room as Mary.
Tom doesn't want to be included.
Tom doesn't want to be involved.
Tom doesn't want to be jealous.
Tom doesn't want to be last.
Tom doesn't want to be late.
Tom doesn't want to be left alone.
Tom doesn't want to be like his father.
Tom doesn't want to be like me.
Tom doesn't want to be lonely.
Tom doesn't want to be my friend. He thinks that he's too cool for me.
Tom doesn't want to be part of it.
Tom doesn't want to be present at today's meeting.
Tom doesn't want to be punished.
Tom doesn't want to be rich.
Tom doesn't want to be seen here.
Tom doesn't want to be seen naked.
Tom doesn't want to be seen talking to Mary.
Tom doesn't want to be seen talking to you.
Tom doesn't want to be seen with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to be sent to prison.
Tom doesn't want to be suspended.
Tom doesn't want to be the boss.
Tom doesn't want to be the first one to do that.
Tom doesn't want to be the last one to do that.
Tom doesn't want to be the next one to do that.
Tom doesn't want to be the one responsible for doing that.
Tom doesn't want to be the one to do that.
Tom doesn't want to be the one who has to do that.
Tom doesn't want to be there.
Tom doesn't want to be touched by anyone.
Tom doesn't want to be treated any differently.
Tom doesn't want to be treated like a child.
Tom doesn't want to be treated like a kid.
Tom doesn't want to be with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to be with me.
Tom doesn't want to be with us.
Tom doesn't want to become a diplomat.
Tom doesn't want to become a doctor.
Tom doesn't want to become a fireman.
Tom doesn't want to become a lumberjack.
Tom doesn't want to become a priest.
Tom doesn't want to become a surgeon.
Tom doesn't want to become a teacher.
Tom doesn't want to become a voice actor.
Tom doesn't want to become an electrician.
Tom doesn't want to become famous.
Tom doesn't want to become vegan.
Tom doesn't want to believe that.
Tom doesn't want to borrow your car.
Tom doesn't want to break up with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to bring back the guillotine.
Tom doesn't want to buy Mary a birthday present.
Tom doesn't want to buy Mary a present.
Tom doesn't want to buy a birthday present for Mary.
Tom doesn't want to buy a fishing boat.
Tom doesn't want to buy a new car.
Tom doesn't want to buy a new motorcycle.
Tom doesn't want to buy an expensive engagement ring for Mary.
Tom doesn't want to buy another car.
Tom doesn't want to buy any books.
Tom doesn't want to buy anything else.
Tom doesn't want to buy anything for Mary's birthday.
Tom doesn't want to buy our old car.
Tom doesn't want to call a doctor.
Tom doesn't want to call his lawyer.
Tom doesn't want to change all that.
Tom doesn't want to change that.
Tom doesn't want to change.
Tom doesn't want to clean his room.
Tom doesn't want to come here tomorrow.
Tom doesn't want to come home.
Tom doesn't want to come to Australia with us.
Tom doesn't want to come to Australia.
Tom doesn't want to come to Boston with us.
Tom doesn't want to come to Boston.
Tom doesn't want to come to our party.
Tom doesn't want to come with us.
Tom doesn't want to come.
Tom doesn't want to compromise.
Tom doesn't want to continue working for us.
Tom doesn't want to contribute.
Tom doesn't want to cook today.
Tom doesn't want to dance with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to dance.
Tom doesn't want to deal with it.
Tom doesn't want to deal with this problem now.
Tom doesn't want to die alone.
Tom doesn't want to die.
Tom doesn't want to disappoint his friends.
Tom doesn't want to disappoint his parents.
Tom doesn't want to discourage Mary.
Tom doesn't want to discourage you from trying to do that.
Tom doesn't want to discuss it.
Tom doesn't want to discuss that topic.
Tom doesn't want to discuss the problem with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to discuss this.
Tom doesn't want to do anything at all.
Tom doesn't want to do anything but swim.
Tom doesn't want to do anything but watch TV.
Tom doesn't want to do anything else.
Tom doesn't want to do anything new.
Tom doesn't want to do anything that will upset Mary.
Tom doesn't want to do anything to hurt Mary.
Tom doesn't want to do anything.
Tom doesn't want to do everything himself.
Tom doesn't want to do his homework right now.
Tom doesn't want to do it for us.
Tom doesn't want to do it.
Tom doesn't want to do renovation. So lazy!
Tom doesn't want to do that again.
Tom doesn't want to do that alone.
Tom doesn't want to do that and I don't blame him.
Tom doesn't want to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't want to do that as badly as Mary does.
Tom doesn't want to do that as much as you do.
Tom doesn't want to do that because it's dangerous.
Tom doesn't want to do that by himself.
Tom doesn't want to do that either.
Tom doesn't want to do that every day.
Tom doesn't want to do that for Mary.
Tom doesn't want to do that here.
Tom doesn't want to do that himself.
Tom doesn't want to do that now.
Tom doesn't want to do that on his own.
Tom doesn't want to do that right now.
Tom doesn't want to do that that way.
Tom doesn't want to do that this morning.
Tom doesn't want to do that today because he's sick.
Tom doesn't want to do that today.
Tom doesn't want to do that tomorrow.
Tom doesn't want to do that tonight.
Tom doesn't want to do that until after lunch.
Tom doesn't want to do that with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to do that with me.
Tom doesn't want to do that with us.
Tom doesn't want to do that with you.
Tom doesn't want to do that without Mary.
Tom doesn't want to do that without the proper tools.
Tom doesn't want to do that, but he has no choice.
Tom doesn't want to do that, but he has to.
Tom doesn't want to do that, but he says he has to.
Tom doesn't want to do that, does he?
Tom doesn't want to do that, either.
Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom doesn't want to do this on his own.
Tom doesn't want to do this, but he has no choice.
Tom doesn't want to do this, but he says he has to.
Tom doesn't want to do this.
Tom doesn't want to drink a thing.
Tom doesn't want to drink anything else.
Tom doesn't want to drink champagne.
Tom doesn't want to drive.
Tom doesn't want to dye his hair.
Tom doesn't want to eat Italian food for dinner.
Tom doesn't want to eat Italian food today.
Tom doesn't want to eat anything else.
Tom doesn't want to eat anything from them.
Tom doesn't want to eat anything.
Tom doesn't want to eat at that restaurant.
Tom doesn't want to eat fried rice.
Tom doesn't want to eat here tonight.
Tom doesn't want to eat it.
Tom doesn't want to eat lunch now.
Tom doesn't want to eat now.
Tom doesn't want to eat pizza.
Tom doesn't want to eat right now.
Tom doesn't want to eat with us.
Tom doesn't want to eat.
Tom doesn't want to educate himself.
Tom doesn't want to end up in jail.
Tom doesn't want to escape.
Tom doesn't want to ever do that again.
Tom doesn't want to ever leave Australia.
Tom doesn't want to ever leave Boston.
Tom doesn't want to exercise.
Tom doesn't want to fight with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to fight.
Tom doesn't want to finish what he's doing.
Tom doesn't want to fix that.
Tom doesn't want to get a dog.
Tom doesn't want to get a driver's license.
Tom doesn't want to get a tattoo on his chest.
Tom doesn't want to get drunk.
Tom doesn't want to get his hands dirty.
Tom doesn't want to get home after dark.
Tom doesn't want to get hurt.
Tom doesn't want to get in trouble again.
Tom doesn't want to get in trouble.
Tom doesn't want to get into a shouting match.
Tom doesn't want to get into the water until the lifeguard goes on duty.
Tom doesn't want to get into trouble.
Tom doesn't want to get involved in politics.
Tom doesn't want to get involved.
Tom doesn't want to get married again.
Tom doesn't want to get married until he's in his thirties.
Tom doesn't want to get married.
Tom doesn't want to get out of bed.
Tom doesn't want to give anything away.
Tom doesn't want to give his old car to Mary.
Tom doesn't want to give me back what he borrowed from me.
Tom doesn't want to give the wrong impression.
Tom doesn't want to give up his dream of becoming an astronaut.
Tom doesn't want to give up.
Tom doesn't want to go abroad.
Tom doesn't want to go alone.
Tom doesn't want to go and I don't either.
Tom doesn't want to go anywhere else.
Tom doesn't want to go anywhere in particular.
Tom doesn't want to go anywhere near Mary.
Tom doesn't want to go anywhere today.
Tom doesn't want to go anywhere with you.
Tom doesn't want to go anywhere.
Tom doesn't want to go away.
Tom doesn't want to go back home.
Tom doesn't want to go back to Australia.
Tom doesn't want to go back to Boston.
Tom doesn't want to go back to college.
Tom doesn't want to go by train.
Tom doesn't want to go either.
Tom doesn't want to go for a walk.
Tom doesn't want to go home now.
Tom doesn't want to go home with you.
Tom doesn't want to go home.
Tom doesn't want to go hunting.
Tom doesn't want to go out with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to go out with you.
Tom doesn't want to go out.
Tom doesn't want to go outside on a cold day like this.
Tom doesn't want to go outside.
Tom doesn't want to go rowing anymore.
Tom doesn't want to go shopping with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to go skiing by himself.
Tom doesn't want to go skiing with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to go swimming with us.
Tom doesn't want to go swimming.
Tom doesn't want to go there again.
Tom doesn't want to go there alone.
Tom doesn't want to go there by himself.
Tom doesn't want to go there with me.
Tom doesn't want to go there.
Tom doesn't want to go through another experience like the one he had.
Tom doesn't want to go to Australia with me.
Tom doesn't want to go to Australia with us.
Tom doesn't want to go to Australia.
Tom doesn't want to go to Boston with me.
Tom doesn't want to go to Boston with us.
Tom doesn't want to go to Boston.
Tom doesn't want to go to Harvard.
Tom doesn't want to go to Mary's party.
Tom doesn't want to go to bed right now.
Tom doesn't want to go to bed.
Tom doesn't want to go to church.
Tom doesn't want to go to college.
Tom doesn't want to go to grad school.
Tom doesn't want to go to graduate school.
Tom doesn't want to go to his company's Christmas do this year.
Tom doesn't want to go to his work's Christmas party this year.
Tom doesn't want to go to jail.
Tom doesn't want to go to kindergarten.
Tom doesn't want to go to lunch with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to go to lunch with you.
Tom doesn't want to go to prison.
Tom doesn't want to go to school any more.
Tom doesn't want to go to school anymore.
Tom doesn't want to go to school today.
Tom doesn't want to go to school.
Tom doesn't want to go to sleep immediately.
Tom doesn't want to go to sleep.
Tom doesn't want to go to such a dangerous place.
Tom doesn't want to go to the basement.
Tom doesn't want to go to the beach with us.
Tom doesn't want to go to the beach.
Tom doesn't want to go to the dance with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to go to the dentist.
Tom doesn't want to go to the hospital.
Tom doesn't want to go to the lake with us.
Tom doesn't want to go to the lake.
Tom doesn't want to go to the movies.
Tom doesn't want to go to the party.
Tom doesn't want to go to university.
Tom doesn't want to go to work.
Tom doesn't want to go with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to go with us.
Tom doesn't want to go with you.
Tom doesn't want to go, either.
Tom doesn't want to go.
Tom doesn't want to hang out with us.
Tom doesn't want to have any more children.
Tom doesn't want to have anything to do with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to have anything to do with that.
Tom doesn't want to have children.
Tom doesn't want to have lunch with me today.
Tom doesn't want to have oatmeal for breakfast.
Tom doesn't want to have to do that again.
Tom doesn't want to have to fight you.
Tom doesn't want to hear about it.
Tom doesn't want to hear anything Mary has to say.
Tom doesn't want to hear anything more about Mary.
Tom doesn't want to hear it.
Tom doesn't want to hear the truth.
Tom doesn't want to hear this.
Tom doesn't want to help Mary do that.
Tom doesn't want to help Mary.
Tom doesn't want to help out.
Tom doesn't want to help us today.
Tom doesn't want to help us.
Tom doesn't want to help you.
Tom doesn't want to help.
Tom doesn't want to hug Mary.
Tom doesn't want to hurt Mary's feelings.
Tom doesn't want to hurt Mary.
Tom doesn't want to hurt anybody.
Tom doesn't want to hurt us.
Tom doesn't want to hurt you.
Tom doesn't want to implicate himself.
Tom doesn't want to introduce us to his fiance.
Tom doesn't want to join a prison gang.
Tom doesn't want to join our club.
Tom doesn't want to join our group.
Tom doesn't want to join the team.
Tom doesn't want to keep it.
Tom doesn't want to kill Mary.
Tom doesn't want to kiss Mary.
Tom doesn't want to know about that.
Tom doesn't want to know anything about Mary.
Tom doesn't want to know what I think.
Tom doesn't want to know what's going on.
Tom doesn't want to know why Mary did that.
Tom doesn't want to know why Mary didn't do that.
Tom doesn't want to know why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom doesn't want to know why Mary doesn't want to that.
Tom doesn't want to know why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't want to know why Mary wants to do that.
Tom doesn't want to learn Czech in spite of the fact that he has some relatives in Czechia.
Tom doesn't want to learn French.
Tom doesn't want to learn how to do that.
Tom doesn't want to learn how to play the trumpet.
Tom doesn't want to learn it.
Tom doesn't want to leave Australia.
Tom doesn't want to leave Boston.
Tom doesn't want to leave Mary.
Tom doesn't want to leave the house.
Tom doesn't want to leave.
Tom doesn't want to lend anything to anybody.
Tom doesn't want to let Mary down.
Tom doesn't want to let Mary go.
Tom doesn't want to let it go.
Tom doesn't want to lie to Mary.
Tom doesn't want to live by himself.
Tom doesn't want to live here anymore.
Tom doesn't want to live in Australia anymore.
Tom doesn't want to live in Australia for more than a year.
Tom doesn't want to live in Australia.
Tom doesn't want to live in Boston anymore.
Tom doesn't want to live in Boston for more than a year.
Tom doesn't want to live in Boston.
Tom doesn't want to live in an apartment.
Tom doesn't want to live in fear.
Tom doesn't want to live in the city.
Tom doesn't want to live in the country.
Tom doesn't want to live in this country anymore.
Tom doesn't want to live like that.
Tom doesn't want to live like this any more.
Tom doesn't want to live like this anymore.
Tom doesn't want to live next door to us.
Tom doesn't want to live on his own.
Tom doesn't want to live with me.
Tom doesn't want to look foolish.
Tom doesn't want to look.
Tom doesn't want to lose Mary.
Tom doesn't want to lose face.
Tom doesn't want to lose his job.
Tom doesn't want to lose you.
Tom doesn't want to make Mary angry.
Tom doesn't want to make a big deal out of it.
Tom doesn't want to marry Mary, but his parents want him to.
Tom doesn't want to marry Mary.
Tom doesn't want to marry me.
Tom doesn't want to meet Mary.
Tom doesn't want to meet me.
Tom doesn't want to meet you.
Tom doesn't want to miss any more actions.
Tom doesn't want to miss his flight.
Tom doesn't want to miss his plane.
Tom doesn't want to move back to Australia.
Tom doesn't want to move back to Boston.
Tom doesn't want to move here.
Tom doesn't want to move out.
Tom doesn't want to move to Australia.
Tom doesn't want to move to Boston.
Tom doesn't want to move.
Tom doesn't want to negotiate.
Tom doesn't want to open the box, but he wants to know what's inside it.
Tom doesn't want to own a restaurant.
Tom doesn't want to pay in cash.
Tom doesn't want to pitch.
Tom doesn't want to play any of the songs Mary requested.
Tom doesn't want to play baseball anymore.
Tom doesn't want to play billiards.
Tom doesn't want to play chess with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to play chess with you.
Tom doesn't want to play darts.
Tom doesn't want to play golf with Mary's father.
Tom doesn't want to play golf with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to play outside today.
Tom doesn't want to play poker.
Tom doesn't want to play tennis on Monday.
Tom doesn't want to play tennis on Sunday.
Tom doesn't want to play tennis with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to play the piano anymore.
Tom doesn't want to play with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to play.
Tom doesn't want to press charges.
Tom doesn't want to put his grandma in a home.
Tom doesn't want to quit.
Tom doesn't want to read a book.
Tom doesn't want to read that book.
Tom doesn't want to relax.
Tom doesn't want to repaint his house.
Tom doesn't want to retire.
Tom doesn't want to return to Australia.
Tom doesn't want to return to Boston.
Tom doesn't want to run the company.
Tom doesn't want to run.
Tom doesn't want to say anything that might make Mary angry.
Tom doesn't want to say anything.
Tom doesn't want to say goodbye.
Tom doesn't want to say he did something he didn't do.
Tom doesn't want to say hello.
Tom doesn't want to see Mary again.
Tom doesn't want to see Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't want to see Mary at all.
Tom doesn't want to see Mary get hurt.
Tom doesn't want to see Mary now.
Tom doesn't want to see Mary's face ever again.
Tom doesn't want to see Mary.
Tom doesn't want to see anybody today.
Tom doesn't want to see anyone today.
Tom doesn't want to see anyone.
Tom doesn't want to see anything today.
Tom doesn't want to see either of us.
Tom doesn't want to see it.
Tom doesn't want to see me again.
Tom doesn't want to see me anymore.
Tom doesn't want to see me.
Tom doesn't want to see that movie.
Tom doesn't want to see that.
Tom doesn't want to see the results.
Tom doesn't want to see us again.
Tom doesn't want to see us.
Tom doesn't want to see you ever again.
Tom doesn't want to see you now.
Tom doesn't want to see you right now.
Tom doesn't want to see you.
Tom doesn't want to seize the means of production.
Tom doesn't want to sell his car.
Tom doesn't want to sell his farm.
Tom doesn't want to sell his house, but he has no choice.
Tom doesn't want to sell his house, but he has to.
Tom doesn't want to sell his house.
Tom doesn't want to sell his land.
Tom doesn't want to sell his soul.
Tom doesn't want to sell it.
Tom doesn't want to settle down.
Tom doesn't want to share.
Tom doesn't want to show Mary how to do that.
Tom doesn't want to show you how to do that.
Tom doesn't want to sing with us anymore.
Tom doesn't want to sing, but he has to.
Tom doesn't want to sing.
Tom doesn't want to sit down.
Tom doesn't want to sit near Mary.
Tom doesn't want to sit next to Mary.
Tom doesn't want to sleep in the attic.
Tom doesn't want to sleep on the couch.
Tom doesn't want to sleep on the floor.
Tom doesn't want to sleep.
Tom doesn't want to speak French.
Tom doesn't want to speak about his private life.
Tom doesn't want to speak to you.
Tom doesn't want to speak with you.
Tom doesn't want to spend any more time in Australia.
Tom doesn't want to spend any more time in Boston.
Tom doesn't want to spend more than $300 for a used motorcycle.
Tom doesn't want to spend much time doing that.
Tom doesn't want to spend the rest of his career in middle management.
Tom doesn't want to spend the rest of his life in jail.
Tom doesn't want to spend the rest of his life in prison.
Tom doesn't want to spend time in jail.
Tom doesn't want to stand out.
Tom doesn't want to start his own business.
Tom doesn't want to stay at home.
Tom doesn't want to stay here any longer.
Tom doesn't want to stay here in Boston.
Tom doesn't want to stay here until Monday.
Tom doesn't want to stay here with us.
Tom doesn't want to stay here.
Tom doesn't want to stay home alone.
Tom doesn't want to stay in Australia.
Tom doesn't want to stay in Boston.
Tom doesn't want to stay much longer.
Tom doesn't want to stay with us anymore.
Tom doesn't want to stay.
Tom doesn't want to stick around.
Tom doesn't want to stop Mary.
Tom doesn't want to stop smoking.
Tom doesn't want to stop.
Tom doesn't want to study French, but he has to.
Tom doesn't want to study French.
Tom doesn't want to study abroad.
Tom doesn't want to study in Australia.
Tom doesn't want to study in Boston.
Tom doesn't want to study medicine.
Tom doesn't want to study music.
Tom doesn't want to study today.
Tom doesn't want to study.
Tom doesn't want to surprise Mary.
Tom doesn't want to swim.
Tom doesn't want to take a chance.
Tom doesn't want to take a walk now.
Tom doesn't want to take advice from Mary.
Tom doesn't want to take any chances.
Tom doesn't want to take any medication.
Tom doesn't want to take off his trousers.
Tom doesn't want to take on any more work.
Tom doesn't want to take part in the ceremony.
Tom doesn't want to take risks.
Tom doesn't want to take such a risk.
Tom doesn't want to take that kind of risk.
Tom doesn't want to take the pills.
Tom doesn't want to take those pills.
Tom doesn't want to talk about his private life.
Tom doesn't want to talk about it here.
Tom doesn't want to talk about it.
Tom doesn't want to talk about school.
Tom doesn't want to talk about that.
Tom doesn't want to talk about this anymore.
Tom doesn't want to talk about this.
Tom doesn't want to talk about what happened.
Tom doesn't want to talk about work when he's at home.
Tom doesn't want to talk now.
Tom doesn't want to talk right now.
Tom doesn't want to talk to Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't want to talk to Mary ever again.
Tom doesn't want to talk to Mary right now.
Tom doesn't want to talk to Mary.
Tom doesn't want to talk to anybody now.
Tom doesn't want to talk to anybody.
Tom doesn't want to talk to anyone now.
Tom doesn't want to talk to anyone.
Tom doesn't want to talk to me.
Tom doesn't want to talk to the police.
Tom doesn't want to talk to you about what happened in Australia last week.
Tom doesn't want to talk to you about what happened in Boston last week.
Tom doesn't want to talk to you either.
Tom doesn't want to talk to you now.
Tom doesn't want to talk to you.
Tom doesn't want to talk with you.
Tom doesn't want to talk.
Tom doesn't want to teach French.
Tom doesn't want to tell Mary about what happened.
Tom doesn't want to tell Mary everything.
Tom doesn't want to tell Mary how to do that.
Tom doesn't want to tell Mary the truth.
Tom doesn't want to tell Mary what's happened.
Tom doesn't want to tell Mary.
Tom doesn't want to tell the truth.
Tom doesn't want to testify.
Tom doesn't want to travel alone.
Tom doesn't want to try anything else.
Tom doesn't want to try anything new.
Tom doesn't want to try doing that again.
Tom doesn't want to try it.
Tom doesn't want to try to do that again.
Tom doesn't want to visit Australia.
Tom doesn't want to visit Boston.
Tom doesn't want to wait any longer.
Tom doesn't want to wait for anything.
Tom doesn't want to wait for you.
Tom doesn't want to wait in line.
Tom doesn't want to wait that long.
Tom doesn't want to wait.
Tom doesn't want to wake Mary up.
Tom doesn't want to walk.
Tom doesn't want to watch this movie.
Tom doesn't want to watch.
Tom doesn't want to wear jeans.
Tom doesn't want to wear out his welcome.
Tom doesn't want to wear this suit.
Tom doesn't want to work after he is 60.
Tom doesn't want to work after he's sixty.
Tom doesn't want to work for Mary.
Tom doesn't want to work here anymore.
Tom doesn't want to work here.
Tom doesn't want to work in Boston.
Tom doesn't want to work in a factory.
Tom doesn't want to work in a hospital.
Tom doesn't want to work late tonight.
Tom doesn't want to work outside.
Tom doesn't want to work tomorrow.
Tom doesn't want to work tonight.
Tom doesn't want to work with me.
Tom doesn't want to work.
Tom doesn't want trouble.
Tom doesn't want us here, so let's go.
Tom doesn't want us here.
Tom doesn't want us there.
Tom doesn't want us to be here.
Tom doesn't want us to come.
Tom doesn't want us to do that again.
Tom doesn't want us to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't want us to do that by ourselves.
Tom doesn't want us to do that now.
Tom doesn't want us to do that today.
Tom doesn't want us to do that.
Tom doesn't want us to go to the police.
Tom doesn't want us to go.
Tom doesn't want us to leave.
Tom doesn't want us.
Tom doesn't want you doing that.
Tom doesn't want you here.
Tom doesn't want you to come.
Tom doesn't want you to discover the truth.
Tom doesn't want you to do that again.
Tom doesn't want you to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't want you to do that for Mary.
Tom doesn't want you to do that for him.
Tom doesn't want you to do that right now.
Tom doesn't want you to do that.
Tom doesn't want you to ever do that again.
Tom doesn't want you to find out the truth.
Tom doesn't want you to get angry with Mary.
Tom doesn't want you to get angry with him.
Tom doesn't want you to get hurt.
Tom doesn't want you to go, does he?
Tom doesn't want you to hurt yourself.
Tom doesn't want you to know he really didn't want to do that.
Tom doesn't want you to know he really doesn't want to do that.
Tom doesn't want you to know that he really didn't want to do that.
Tom doesn't want you to know that he really doesn't want to do that.
Tom doesn't want you to know the truth.
Tom doesn't want you to know.
Tom doesn't want you to share this information with anyone.
Tom doesn't want you to stop doing that.
Tom doesn't want you.
Tom doesn't wash his car as often as Mary washes hers.
Tom doesn't wash his hair as often as Mary washes hers.
Tom doesn't wash his hair every time he takes a bath.
Tom doesn't wash his hair very often.
Tom doesn't wash the dishes. He leaves that up to Mary.
Tom doesn't waste any time, does he?
Tom doesn't waste anything.
Tom doesn't waste time.
Tom doesn't watch TV anymore.
Tom doesn't watch TV as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't watch TV at all.
Tom doesn't watch TV except on Saturdays.
Tom doesn't watch TV very much nowadays.
Tom doesn't watch TV with you, does he?
Tom doesn't watch TV.
Tom doesn't watch a lot of TV.
Tom doesn't watch much television.
Tom doesn't watch sitcoms anymore.
Tom doesn't watch the news.
Tom doesn't watch war movies.
Tom doesn't wear a hat every day.
Tom doesn't wear a hat.
Tom doesn't wear a tie every day, but he does often wear ties.
Tom doesn't wear a tie every day, but he often wear ties.
Tom doesn't wear a watch.
Tom doesn't wear a wedding ring.
Tom doesn't wear deodorant.
Tom doesn't wear glasses anymore.
Tom doesn't wear glasses, but he used to.
Tom doesn't wear glasses.
Tom doesn't wear jeans every day, but he does often wear jeans.
Tom doesn't wear jeans every day.
Tom doesn't wear pajamas.
Tom doesn't wear pajamas. He sleeps in the nude.
Tom doesn't wear pajamas. He sleeps naked.
Tom doesn't wear shoes in his house.
Tom doesn't wear shoes inside the house.
Tom doesn't wear suits.
Tom doesn't weigh as much as Mary does.
Tom doesn't weigh as much as Mary.
Tom doesn't win very often.
Tom doesn't wish to do that.
Tom doesn't work anymore.
Tom doesn't work anywhere.
Tom doesn't work as a waiter any more.
Tom doesn't work as a waiter anymore.
Tom doesn't work as hard as Mary does.
Tom doesn't work as hard as Mary.
Tom doesn't work as hard as he used to.
Tom doesn't work as many hours as I do.
Tom doesn't work as much as Mary does.
Tom doesn't work as much as Mary.
Tom doesn't work as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't work at night.
Tom doesn't work at the same place as Mary does.
Tom doesn't work for anybody.
Tom doesn't work for anyone.
Tom doesn't work for me.
Tom doesn't work for us anymore.
Tom doesn't work for us.
Tom doesn't work hard enough.
Tom doesn't work here any longer.
Tom doesn't work here anymore.
Tom doesn't work here in the sawmill, but in the forest as a lumberjack.
Tom doesn't work here.
Tom doesn't work in Australia anymore.
Tom doesn't work in Boston anymore.
Tom doesn't work in Boston.
Tom doesn't work on Mondays.
Tom doesn't work with Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't work with me anymore.
Tom doesn't work with me.
Tom doesn't work.
Tom doesn't worry about Mary.
Tom doesn't worry about that.
Tom doesn't write letters.
Tom doesn't write songs anymore.
Tom doesn't write the speeches he gives.
Tom doesn't write to me anymore.
Tom doesn't write.
Tom doesn't yet have to worry about that.
Tom doesn't yet know I'm not very happy about it.
Tom doesn't yet know Mary did that.
Tom doesn't yet know Mary didn't do that.
Tom doesn't yet know Mary has died.
Tom doesn't yet know Mary left early.
Tom doesn't yet know Mary will be at his birthday party.
Tom doesn't yet know about this.
Tom doesn't yet know everyone's name.
Tom doesn't yet know exactly when he'll leave.
Tom doesn't yet know his wife is pregnant.
Tom doesn't yet know how long he'll have to stay in Boston.
Tom doesn't yet know how long he's going to have to stay in Boston.
Tom doesn't yet know how to do that.
Tom doesn't yet know how to tell time.
Tom doesn't yet know that I'm not very happy about it.
Tom doesn't yet know that Mary has died.
Tom doesn't yet know that Mary is married.
Tom doesn't yet know that Mary will be at his birthday party.
Tom doesn't yet know that his wife is pregnant.
Tom doesn't yet know the rules.
Tom doesn't yet know the truth.
Tom doesn't yet know what I want to do.
Tom doesn't yet know what happened to Mary.
Tom doesn't yet know what he has to do.
Tom doesn't yet know what he needs to do.
Tom doesn't yet know what he should do.
Tom doesn't yet know what he'll do.
Tom doesn't yet know what he's going to do.
Tom doesn't yet know what needs to be done.
Tom doesn't yet know what to do.
Tom doesn't yet know where he's going to do that.
Tom doesn't yet know whether he can go or not.
Tom doesn't yet know whether he'll come or not.
Tom doesn't yet know whether he'll come.
Tom doesn't yet know who has to do that.
Tom doesn't yet know who needs to do that.
Tom doesn't yet know who wants to do that.
Tom doesn't yet know who's going to do that.
Tom doesn't yet know why I'm here.
Tom doesn't yet realize he needs to do that.
Tom doesn't yet realize he's in trouble.
Tom doesn't yet realize that he's in trouble.
Tom doesn't yet realize what he has to do.
Tom doesn't yet realize what he needs to do.
Tom doesn't yet realize what he's lost.
Tom doesnt actually live within Boston city limits.
Tom doesnt agree with Mary at all.
Tom doesnt agree with Mary on that point.
Tom doesnt agree with Mary.
Tom doesnt agree with what Mary said.
Tom doesnt agree with you.
Tom doesnt agree.
Tom doesnt allow Mary to go out much.
Tom doesnt allow his children to play with Mary.
Tom doesnt allow people to enter his house.
Tom doesnt always arrive on time, but Mary usually does.
Tom doesnt always get up early, but he always gets up before Mary does.
Tom doesnt always obey his parents.
Tom doesnt always play by the rules.
Tom doesnt appear to be very religious.
Tom doesnt approve of the way Marys been behaving.
Tom doesnt believe Mary at all.
Tom doesnt believe Mary did what John said she did.
Tom doesnt believe Mary. He thinks shes lying.
Tom doesnt believe a word of what Mary just said.
Tom doesnt believe in God.
Tom doesnt believe in ghosts.
Tom doesnt believe most of what Mary says.
Tom doesnt believe that Mary has been faithful to him.
Tom doesnt believe that ghosts exist.
Tom doesnt believe the rumors about Mary.
Tom doesnt believe what Mary says.
Tom doesnt belong here.
Tom doesnt blame Mary for being mad.
Tom doesnt blame Mary for getting angry.
Tom doesnt care about his grades.
Tom doesnt care about what Mary says about him.
Tom doesnt care about what other people think.
Tom doesnt care for Japanese food.
Tom doesnt care how Mary dresses.
Tom doesnt care how much it costs. He still plans to buy it.
Tom doesnt care one way or the other.
Tom doesnt care what Mary does or doesnt do.
Tom doesnt care what Mary does.
Tom doesnt care what Mary says.
Tom doesnt care what Mary thinks.
Tom doesnt care what happens to Mary.
Tom doesnt care what happens tomorrow.
Tom doesnt care what happens.
Tom doesnt care what other people say about him.
Tom doesnt care what other people think.
Tom doesnt care whether Mary does her homework or not.
Tom doesnt care whether Mary stays or goes.
Tom doesnt care who Mary goes out with.
Tom doesnt carry much cash.
Tom doesnt carry much luggage on trips.
Tom doesnt come here every day, but he comes quite often.
Tom doesnt do drugs.
Tom doesnt do things like that.
Tom doesnt doubt Marys ability to do the job.
Tom doesnt doubt that Mary will arrive on time.
Tom doesnt doubt that Mary will come to the party.
Tom doesnt drink alcoholic drinks at all.
Tom doesnt drink and drive.
Tom doesnt drink beer.
Tom doesnt drink coffee.
Tom doesnt drink much beer, but he sure drinks a lot of wine.
Tom doesnt drink much.
Tom doesnt drink.
Tom doesnt earn enough money to support a woman like Mary.
Tom doesnt eat between meals.
Tom doesnt eat breakfast.
Tom doesnt eat fish.
Tom doesnt eat meat or eggs.
Tom doesnt eat meat.
Tom doesnt enjoy doing that sort of thing.
Tom doesnt enjoy family gatherings very much.
Tom doesnt enjoy hanging out with Mary.
Tom doesnt enjoy tennis and never has.
Tom doesnt even know I exist.
Tom doesnt even know how to start a lawn mower.
Tom doesnt even know what you are talking about.
Tom doesnt even talk to Mary anymore.
Tom doesnt even try to help Mary.
Tom doesnt even try to keep up with fashion.
Tom doesnt ever want to see Mary again.
Tom doesnt exactly have an airtight alibi.
Tom doesnt expect anything from Mary.
Tom doesnt feed his dog in the morning, only in the evening.
Tom doesnt feel like cooking.
Tom doesnt feel like eating anything right now.
Tom doesnt feel like eating.
Tom doesnt feel like studying.
Tom doesnt feel like taking a walk with his dog this morning.
Tom doesnt feel like talking to Mary tonight.
Tom doesnt feel like working this morning.
Tom doesnt feel much like talking right now.
Tom doesnt feel that he can trust Mary.
Tom doesnt feel up to eating anything today.
Tom doesnt feel up to going out today.
Tom doesnt feel up to going today.
Tom doesnt feel well.
Tom doesnt gain weight even though he eats a lot.
Tom doesnt get along with Mary.
Tom doesnt get along with his neighbors like he used to.
Tom doesnt get along with his neighbors.
Tom doesnt get along with the man who lives next door.
Tom doesnt get invited to many parties.
Tom doesnt get up as early as Mary.
Tom doesnt get up early.
Tom doesnt get what Mary means.
Tom doesnt give advice lightly.
Tom doesnt give up easily, does he?
Tom doesnt go to a good school.
Tom doesnt go to his office on Saturday.
Tom doesnt go to school by bus.
Tom doesnt go to the movies as often as hed like to.
Tom doesnt go to work on Sunday.
Tom doesnt hang out with Mary anymore.
Tom doesnt have a TV at home.
Tom doesnt have a bicycle.
Tom doesnt have a car.
Tom doesnt have a cat.
Tom doesnt have a choice.
Tom doesnt have a clue.
Tom doesnt have a computer.
Tom doesnt have a date for the Saturday night.
Tom doesnt have a dollar to his name.
Tom doesnt have a drivers license.
Tom doesnt have a fever.
Tom doesnt have a house to live in.
Tom doesnt have a job.
Tom doesnt have a leg to stand on.
Tom doesnt have a lot of freedom.
Tom doesnt have a microwave oven.
Tom doesnt have a penny to his name.
Tom doesnt have a pet now, but he used to have a dog.
Tom doesnt have a say in that matter.
Tom doesnt have a sister.
Tom doesnt have a ticket for tonights concert.
Tom doesnt have a very good Japanese-English dictionary.
Tom doesnt have a visa.
Tom doesnt have an ear for music.
Tom doesnt have any brothers and sisters.
Tom doesnt have any brothers.
Tom doesnt have any cash on hand.
Tom doesnt have any cash.
Tom doesnt have any children.
Tom doesnt have any choice.
Tom doesnt have any classes today.
Tom doesnt have any confidence in himself.
Tom doesnt have any credit cards.
Tom doesnt have any enemies.
Tom doesnt have any friends who like to go camping.
Tom doesnt have any idea how much Mary loves him.
Tom doesnt have any plans for tomorrow.
Tom doesnt have any time to watch TV.
Tom doesnt have anyone to discuss his problems with.
Tom doesnt have anything in his bag.
Tom doesnt have anything to eat.
Tom doesnt have as much energy as he used to.
Tom doesnt have enough experience to operate a train.
Tom doesnt have enough friends.
Tom doesnt have enough money yet to buy the car he wants.
Tom doesnt have enough money.
Tom doesnt have enough time for a cup of coffee.
Tom doesnt have hairy arms.
Tom doesnt have it all figured out yet.
Tom doesnt have long to live.
Tom doesnt have many clothes. Thats why you always see him wearing the same thing.
Tom doesnt have much energy today.
Tom doesnt have much free time.
Tom doesnt have much interest in outdoor sports.
Tom doesnt have much of an appetite.
Tom doesnt have much time for volunteer work.
Tom doesnt have much time left.
Tom doesnt have much time to waste.
Tom doesnt have much time.
Tom doesnt have tea.
Tom doesnt have that kind of money.
Tom doesnt have the ability to finish the job by himself.
Tom doesnt have the courage to ask Mary to lend him her video camera.
Tom doesnt have the faintest idea what Mary is trying to do.
Tom doesnt have the qualities of a good leader.
Tom doesnt have the time to help Mary right now.
Tom doesnt have time right now to help you.
Tom doesnt have time right now to talk to anyone.
Tom doesnt have time to help you.
Tom doesnt have time to talk to you now.
Tom doesnt have to apologize to Mary.
Tom doesnt have to come here tomorrow.
Tom doesnt have to dance with Mary unless he wants to.
Tom doesnt have to do that now.
Tom doesnt have to do that.
Tom doesnt have to explain himself to me.
Tom doesnt have to get up early tomorrow.
Tom doesnt have to go anywhere.
Tom doesnt have to go if he doesnt want to.
Tom doesnt have to go there by himself.
Tom doesnt have to go to school today.
Tom doesnt have to help Mary.
Tom doesnt have to hide his feelings from Mary.
Tom doesnt have to listen to what Mary says.
Tom doesnt have to pay anything.
Tom doesnt have to pay attention to what Mary says.
Tom doesnt have to stay here.
Tom doesnt have to stay home to help Mary.
Tom doesnt have to study French. He can already speak it quite well.
Tom doesnt have to tell Mary if he doesnt want to.
Tom doesnt have to tell me. I already know.
Tom doesnt have to wash the car. Marys already washed it.
Tom doesnt have to work on Mondays.
Tom doesnt have to work so hard.
Tom doesnt have to work today.
Tom doesnt have to worry about Mary anymore.
Tom doesnt have to worry. Nothing bads going to happen.
Tom doesnt have very many friends.
Tom doesnt have what it takes to be a good leader.
Tom doesnt have what it takes to be a race car driver.
Tom doesnt have what it takes to be a teacher.
Tom doesnt have what it takes to be the boss.
Tom doesnt heed any advice from Mary.
Tom doesnt hesitate to tell everyone what he thinks.
Tom doesnt intend to go by himself.
Tom doesnt know French.
Tom doesnt know Im here.
Tom doesnt know Mary at all.
Tom doesnt know Mary very well.
Tom doesnt know Mary, but hed like to meet her.
Tom doesnt know Mary.
Tom doesnt know Marys address yet.
Tom doesnt know Marys address.
Tom doesnt know Marys last name.
Tom doesnt know Marys phone number.
Tom doesnt know Marys telephone number.
Tom doesnt know a thing about cooking.
Tom doesnt know a thing about fishing.
Tom doesnt know a thing about investing.
Tom doesnt know a whole lot about racing.
Tom doesnt know about those kinds of things.
Tom doesnt know any French.
Tom doesnt know any better.
Tom doesnt know any of Marys friends.
Tom doesnt know any of the details yet.
Tom doesnt know anyone at our school.
Tom doesnt know anything about Australia.
Tom doesnt know anything about Boston.
Tom doesnt know anything about Mary at all.
Tom doesnt know anything about Mary, other than her name.
Tom doesnt know anything about Mary.
Tom doesnt know anything about Marys family.
Tom doesnt know anything about Marys past.
Tom doesnt know anything about Marys plan.
Tom doesnt know anything about classical music.
Tom doesnt know anything about it.
Tom doesnt know anything about raising children.
Tom doesnt know anything about the situation.
Tom doesnt know anything about what happened.
Tom doesnt know either Mary or her sister.
Tom doesnt know exactly how that happened.
Tom doesnt know exactly what time Marys train pulled out of the station.
Tom doesnt know exactly when Mary will get home.
Tom doesnt know exactly where Mary lives.
Tom doesnt know for certain what Mary is going to do.
Tom doesnt know for certain when Mary will arrive.
Tom doesnt know for certain when Mary will come.
Tom doesnt know for certain who Marys boyfriend is.
Tom doesnt know his neighbors.
Tom doesnt know his own strength.
Tom doesnt know his way around town.
Tom doesnt know how Mary was able to afford a new car.
Tom doesnt know how Mary will get to school tomorrow.
Tom doesnt know how deep the pool is.
Tom doesnt know how it happened.
Tom doesnt know how long hell have to wait for Mary.
Tom doesnt know how long the party is going to last.
Tom doesnt know how much Mary loves him.
Tom doesnt know how much Mary weighs.
Tom doesnt know how much the ticket will cost.
Tom doesnt know how tall Mary is.
Tom doesnt know how things turned out this way.
Tom doesnt know how to be quiet.
Tom doesnt know how to cook very well.
Tom doesnt know how to dance.
Tom doesnt know how to do that.
Tom doesnt know how to explain it.
Tom doesnt know how to express his feelings.
Tom doesnt know how to get to Marys house.
Tom doesnt know how to have a good time.
Tom doesnt know how to have fun.
Tom doesnt know how to play golf.
Tom doesnt know how to play poker.
Tom doesnt know how to play the bass guitar.
Tom doesnt know how to pronounce my name properly.
Tom doesnt know how to say what he wants to say in English.
Tom doesnt know how to say what he wants to say in French.
Tom doesnt know how to sit still.
Tom doesnt know how to ski.
Tom doesnt know how to speak French properly.
Tom doesnt know how to swim.
Tom doesnt know how to take a hint.
Tom doesnt know how to tie a tie.
Tom doesnt know how to treat his employees properly.
Tom doesnt know how worried Mary is.
Tom doesnt know if Mary is coming or not.
Tom doesnt know if Mary is dead or alive.
Tom doesnt know if Mary likes him.
Tom doesnt know if Mary likes pumpkin pie or not.
Tom doesnt know if Mary remembers him.
Tom doesnt know if Mary wants to go with us or not.
Tom doesnt know if Mary will come tomorrow.
Tom doesnt know if Mary will come.
Tom doesnt know if Mary will go camping with us or not.
Tom doesnt know if Mary will go to the mountains or to the beach.
Tom doesnt know if Mary will go with him tomorrow or not.
Tom doesnt know if he has enough money to buy school supplies.
Tom doesnt know if he will come or not.
Tom doesnt know if hell be able to visit us next Monday.
Tom doesnt know if it is true or not.
Tom doesnt know it yet, but hes going to get laid off.
Tom doesnt know much about Indonesia.
Tom doesnt know much about art.
Tom doesnt know much about guns.
Tom doesnt know much about his neighbors.
Tom doesnt know much about music.
Tom doesnt know much about pottery.
Tom doesnt know much about sailing, does he?
Tom doesnt know much about sports.
Tom doesnt know my name.
Tom doesnt know squat about Mary.
Tom doesnt know that Im Canadian.
Tom doesnt know that Mary is in love with him.
Tom doesnt know that Mary is still a high school student.
Tom doesnt know the answer yet.
Tom doesnt know the boy talking to Mary.
Tom doesnt know the details.
Tom doesnt know the difference between right and wrong.
Tom doesnt know the first thing about fishing.
Tom doesnt know the half of it.
Tom doesnt know the reason Mary is absent today.
Tom doesnt know the reason why Mary is absent.
Tom doesnt know the reason why Mary isnt coming.
Tom doesnt know the reason why Mary went to Boston.
Tom doesnt know the whole story.
Tom doesnt know what Im going to do.
Tom doesnt know what Mary does for a living.
Tom doesnt know what Mary expects from him.
Tom doesnt know what Mary is like.
Tom doesnt know what Mary is looking for.
Tom doesnt know what Mary means when she says that.
Tom doesnt know what Mary meant.
Tom doesnt know what Mary wants him to buy her for her birthday.
Tom doesnt know what Mary wants to do.
Tom doesnt know what Mary wants to eat for dinner.
Tom doesnt know what Mary wants.
Tom doesnt know what Marys doing now.
Tom doesnt know what Marys shoe size is.
Tom doesnt know what became of Mary after she graduated from high school.
Tom doesnt know what else to do.
Tom doesnt know what got into Mary.
Tom doesnt know what happened because he wasnt there.
Tom doesnt know what happened to Mary.
Tom doesnt know what happened.
Tom doesnt know what he did to make Mary so angry.
Tom doesnt know what he should do.
Tom doesnt know what hed do without Mary.
Tom doesnt know what hell do.
Tom doesnt know what hes supposed to do.
Tom doesnt know what hes talking about.
Tom doesnt know what kind of person Mary is.
Tom doesnt know what plan Mary will choose.
Tom doesnt know what the homework assignment is.
Tom doesnt know what this is called in English.
Tom doesnt know what time it is.
Tom doesnt know what to buy Mary for her birthday.
Tom doesnt know what to do anymore.
Tom doesnt know what to do either.
Tom doesnt know what to do first.
Tom doesnt know what to do next.
Tom doesnt know what to do now.
Tom doesnt know what to do with his money. He has so much of it.
Tom doesnt know what to do.
Tom doesnt know what to expect.
Tom doesnt know what to feed Marys dog.
Tom doesnt know what to order.
Tom doesnt know what to say to make Mary feel better.
Tom doesnt know what to say.
Tom doesnt know what to think.
Tom doesnt know what went wrong.
Tom doesnt know whatll happen.
Tom doesnt know whats bothering Mary.
Tom doesnt know whats in store for him.
Tom doesnt know when Mary came to Boston.
Tom doesnt know when Mary can come.
Tom doesnt know when Mary got back from Boston.
Tom doesnt know when Mary got married.
Tom doesnt know when Mary is supposed to come.
Tom doesnt know when Mary left.
Tom doesnt know when Mary will be here.
Tom doesnt know when Mary will come back.
Tom doesnt know when Mary will come.
Tom doesnt know when Mary will leave Boston.
Tom doesnt know when Mary will leave for Boston.
Tom doesnt know when Mary will visit Boston.
Tom doesnt know when it happened.
Tom doesnt know where Mary comes from.
Tom doesnt know where Mary graduated from.
Tom doesnt know where Mary has gone.
Tom doesnt know where Mary is now.
Tom doesnt know where Mary is right now.
Tom doesnt know where Mary is.
Tom doesnt know where Mary learned how to drive.
Tom doesnt know where Mary lives.
Tom doesnt know where Mary went.
Tom doesnt know where he was born.
Tom doesnt know where hes going to live next year.
Tom doesnt know where his umbrella is.
Tom doesnt know where to begin.
Tom doesnt know where to go.
Tom doesnt know where to look.
Tom doesnt know where to start.
Tom doesnt know where to wait for Mary.
Tom doesnt know whether Mary is dead or alive.
Tom doesnt know whether Mary is happy or not.
Tom doesnt know whether Mary is telling the truth or not.
Tom doesnt know whether Mary is younger or older than he is.
Tom doesnt know whether Mary likes him or not.
Tom doesnt know whether Mary will agree to go or not.
Tom doesnt know whether Mary will come by car or by bicycle.
Tom doesnt know whether Mary will come or not.
Tom doesnt know whether he can do it, but hell give it a try.
Tom doesnt know whether he should go to the party or not.
Tom doesnt know whether he should take on the job or not.
Tom doesnt know whether its new or not.
Tom doesnt know whether its true or not.
Tom doesnt know whether the concert went well or not.
Tom doesnt know whether to accept or to refuse Marys offer.
Tom doesnt know whether to turn left or right.
Tom doesnt know whether what Mary says is true or not.
Tom doesnt know which button to push.
Tom doesnt know which color to choose.
Tom doesnt know who I am.
Tom doesnt know who Mary is planning to go to the prom with.
Tom doesnt know who Mary is.
Tom doesnt know who Mary went to the zoo with.
Tom doesnt know who baked the cake.
Tom doesnt know who he can trust anymore.
Tom doesnt know who he should ask for advice.
Tom doesnt know who he should ask.
Tom doesnt know who painted that picture.
Tom doesnt know who to ask.
Tom doesnt know who to turn to.
Tom doesnt know who wrote the graffiti on the wall.
Tom doesnt know whos who.
Tom doesnt know why I called you.
Tom doesnt know why Mary and John are fighting.
Tom doesnt know why Mary called him.
Tom doesnt know why Mary didnt come to the party.
Tom doesnt know why Mary doesnt eat meat.
Tom doesnt know why Mary doesnt like him.
Tom doesnt know why Mary dropped out of college.
Tom doesnt know why Mary isnt here today.
Tom doesnt know why Mary quit her job.
Tom doesnt know why Mary was crying.
Tom doesnt know why Mary was in a bad mood this morning.
Tom doesnt know why Mary was late.
Tom doesnt know why it happened.
Tom doesnt know why the meeting was postponed.
Tom doesnt let Mary get near him.
Tom doesnt let Mary watch TV after 10:00 p.m.
Tom doesnt like Chinese food.
Tom doesnt like Irish coffee.
Tom doesnt like Mary very much.
Tom doesnt like Mary, but I like her.
Tom doesnt like Mary.
Tom doesnt like Marys attitude.
Tom doesnt like Marys boyfriend.
Tom doesnt like Marys idea very much.
Tom doesnt like Marys living there alone.
Tom doesnt like any kind of raw fish.
Tom doesnt like any kind of spicy food.
Tom doesnt like beef.
Tom doesnt like being asked to give to charity.
Tom doesnt like being cooped up in his small office every day.
Tom doesnt like being made a fool of.
Tom doesnt like being the first one to show up at any party.
Tom doesnt like being told what to do.
Tom doesnt like being treated like a child.
Tom doesnt like cats and Mary doesnt either.
Tom doesnt like cats.
Tom doesnt like cheese very much.
Tom doesnt like cheese.
Tom doesnt like city life.
Tom doesnt like classical music.
Tom doesnt like coffee with sugar.
Tom doesnt like controversy.
Tom doesnt like dark colors in his home.
Tom doesnt like discussing his work with Mary.
Tom doesnt like dogs.
Tom doesnt like doing homework.
Tom doesnt like eating vegetables.
Tom doesnt like either beer or wine.
Tom doesnt like girls like Mary.
Tom doesnt like girls who wear a lot of makeup.
Tom doesnt like girls who wear high heels.
Tom doesnt like grapefruit.
Tom doesnt like greasy food such as spareribs.
Tom doesnt like horror movies.
Tom doesnt like hot food.
Tom doesnt like it when Mary cracks her knuckles.
Tom doesnt like it when people cuss in front of his children.
Tom doesnt like it when people park in front of his house.
Tom doesnt like it when this kind of stuff happens.
Tom doesnt like living in the country.
Tom doesnt like me.
Tom doesnt like modern art.
Tom doesnt like my dog.
Tom doesnt like my family.
Tom doesnt like my friends.
Tom doesnt like not being able to control Mary.
Tom doesnt like people who dont show up on time.
Tom doesnt like people who dont take their jobs seriously.
Tom doesnt like people who get angry easily.
Tom doesnt like people who smoke in no smoking areas.
Tom doesnt like poker at all.
Tom doesnt like poker very much.
Tom doesnt like pork.
Tom doesnt like school.
Tom doesnt like speaking French.
Tom doesnt like studying.
Tom doesnt like summer. He says its too hot.
Tom doesnt like swimming in pools. He prefers swimming in lakes and rivers.
Tom doesnt like swimming in this river. He says its too polluted.
Tom doesnt like that kind of music.
Tom doesnt like the house that he lives in.
Tom doesnt like the rainy season.
Tom doesnt like the same kind of music as Mary does.
Tom doesnt like the way John looks at Mary.
Tom doesnt like the way Mary laughs.
Tom doesnt like the way Mary looks at him.
Tom doesnt like the way Mary talks.
Tom doesnt like the way Mary treats John.
Tom doesnt like the way Mary treats her dog.
Tom doesnt like the way Mary treats him.
Tom doesnt like this color.
Tom doesnt like this design.
Tom doesnt like this kind of movie.
Tom doesnt like this.
Tom doesnt like to be alone.
Tom doesnt like to be disturbed.
Tom doesnt like to be indebted to anyone.
Tom doesnt like to be kept waiting for a long time.
Tom doesnt like to eat fish.
Tom doesnt like to eat where people are smoking.
Tom doesnt like to go out after dark.
Tom doesnt like to hang out with people who smoke.
Tom doesnt like to lend his books to Mary.
Tom doesnt like to make mistakes.
Tom doesnt like to rely on others.
Tom doesnt like to repeat himself.
Tom doesnt like to speak in public.
Tom doesnt like to stay at home.
Tom doesnt like to talk about his work.
Tom doesnt like to travel.
Tom doesnt like to wear a watch.
Tom doesnt like traveling by air.
Tom doesnt like unsolicited advice.
Tom doesnt like washing dishes.
Tom doesnt like watching violent movies.
Tom doesnt like women who drink a lot.
Tom doesnt like women who wear way too much make up.
Tom doesnt like working here, does he?
Tom doesnt like working here.
Tom doesnt like working on an empty stomach.
Tom doesnt like working the graveyard shift.
Tom doesnt listen to advice.
Tom doesnt listen to what Mary says.
Tom doesnt live in Boston anymore.
Tom doesnt live in Boston now.
Tom doesnt live in Boston yet.
Tom doesnt live near his office.
Tom doesnt live too far from here.
Tom doesnt live too far from the station.
Tom doesnt live with Mary.
Tom doesnt look anything like his brother.
Tom doesnt look his age.
Tom doesnt look like John.
Tom doesnt look much like his father.
Tom doesnt look too good today. I wonder what the matter is.
Tom doesnt look very well. Is he sick?
Tom doesnt love Mary anymore.
Tom doesnt love Mary like he used to.
Tom doesnt love Mary, does he?
Tom doesnt make exceptions for anyone.
Tom doesnt make much money.
Tom doesnt mind cycling in the rain.
Tom doesnt mind devoting a lot of time to helping the homeless.
Tom doesnt mind doing that for you.
Tom doesnt mind getting up at dawn.
Tom doesnt mind getting wet.
Tom doesnt mind helping Mary occasionally.
Tom doesnt mind lending Mary money.
Tom doesnt mind swimming in the rain.
Tom doesnt mind the cold, but Mary cant stand it.
Tom doesnt mind waiting.
Tom doesnt mind walking in the rain.
Tom doesnt mind walking.
Tom doesnt mind what people say about Mary.
Tom doesnt necessarily have to go there by himself.
Tom doesnt need Marys help.
Tom doesnt need any money now.
Tom doesnt need any more soap. Mary gave him enough to last a lifetime.
Tom doesnt need money to have a good time.
Tom doesnt need to answer right away.
Tom doesnt need to apologize. He did nothing wrong.
Tom doesnt need to be told that.
Tom doesnt need to do that. Mary will do it.
Tom doesnt need to go there if he doesnt want to.
Tom doesnt need to go there unless he wants to.
Tom doesnt need to go to work today.
Tom doesnt need to go.
Tom doesnt need to hurry.
Tom doesnt need to know the details.
Tom doesnt need to wear glasses anymore.
Tom doesnt need to work. Hes rich.
Tom doesnt need to worry about Mary.
Tom doesnt need to worry about a thing. Mary will take care of everything.
Tom doesnt often wear a suit.
Tom doesnt owe me anything.
Tom doesnt particularly like Mary.
Tom doesnt particularly want to go swimming.
Tom doesnt pay any attention to Mary.
Tom doesnt pay attention to details.
Tom doesnt pay much attention to how he dresses.
Tom doesnt plan to go to Marys concert.
Tom doesnt play golf as much as he used to.
Tom doesnt play outdoors much.
Tom doesnt play the piano nowadays.
Tom doesnt put sugar in his coffee.
Tom doesnt quite agree with Mary.
Tom doesnt quite get it. Could you explain it to him again?
Tom doesnt read books in French.
Tom doesnt read many non-fiction books.
Tom doesnt realize how lucky he is.
Tom doesnt really enjoy hanging out with Mary.
Tom doesnt really enjoy translating.
Tom doesnt really like Mary all that much.
Tom doesnt really listen when Mary is talking to him.
Tom doesnt really seem to understand how to run meetings.
Tom doesnt really talk about his problems much.
Tom doesnt remember agreeing to help Mary.
Tom doesnt remember doing what everybody says he did.
Tom doesnt remember exactly what happened.
Tom doesnt remember having said that.
Tom doesnt remember his password.
Tom doesnt remember if he locked the door.
Tom doesnt remember my name.
Tom doesnt remember the first time he met Mary.
Tom doesnt remember the last time he saw Mary.
Tom doesnt remember too much about what happened that day.
Tom doesnt remember turning off the light.
Tom doesnt remember what happened.
Tom doesnt remember where he put his key.
Tom doesnt run as fast as Bill.
Tom doesnt see any reason why he cant go, too.
Tom doesnt see any reason why he has to go.
Tom doesnt see anything wrong with letting Mary learn to drive.
Tom doesnt see much of Mary.
Tom doesnt see why Mary needs a new bicycle.
Tom doesnt seem to be a Canadian.
Tom doesnt seem to be able to get started today.
Tom doesnt seem to be aware of the problem.
Tom doesnt seem to be happy.
Tom doesnt seem to be playing with a full deck.
Tom doesnt seem to be very tired.
Tom doesnt seem to have any luck at all.
Tom doesnt seem to have any self-confidence.
Tom doesnt seem to like anything.
Tom doesnt sing very well.
Tom doesnt smoke anymore.
Tom doesnt smoke.
Tom doesnt sound convinced.
Tom doesnt sound happy.
Tom doesnt speak French as fluently as Mary does.
Tom doesnt speak French at home.
Tom doesnt speak French.
Tom doesnt speak any French.
Tom doesnt speak to Mary.
Tom doesnt spend much time in Boston.
Tom doesnt spend much time studying.
Tom doesnt spend much time thinking about money.
Tom doesnt study as hard as Mary does.
Tom doesnt study as hard as he used to.
Tom doesnt take criticism well.
Tom doesnt take his job very seriously.
Tom doesnt take very good care of his children.
Tom doesnt take very good care of his dog.
Tom doesnt talk much about when he was young.
Tom doesnt talk much.
Tom doesnt think Im interested in what he does.
Tom doesnt think Mary can live without him.
Tom doesnt think Mary can speak French.
Tom doesnt think Mary is cut out to be a teacher.
Tom doesnt think Mary is fit for the job.
Tom doesnt think Mary is happy.
Tom doesnt think Mary is saying what she really thinks.
Tom doesnt think Mary should do that.
Tom doesnt think Mary should drive home since shes been drinking.
Tom doesnt think Mary should worry so much.
Tom doesnt think Mary wants to go.
Tom doesnt think Mary will do the job well.
Tom doesnt think Mary will say yes.
Tom doesnt think Mary would be willing to lend him her guitar.
Tom doesnt think Mary would do what you said she did.
Tom doesnt think Marys French pronunciation is very good.
Tom doesnt think Marys plan is feasible.
Tom doesnt think anybody else wants to come.
Tom doesnt think anything bad is ever going to happen.
Tom doesnt think before he speaks.
Tom doesnt think he can get along with Mary.
Tom doesnt think he can make the deadline.
Tom doesnt think he could do that.
Tom doesnt think he did anything wrong.
Tom doesnt think he has the time to help you today.
Tom doesnt think he is up to the job.
Tom doesnt think hell be able come tomorrow.
Tom doesnt think hell be able to finish the job by himself.
Tom doesnt think hell ever meet Mary.
Tom doesnt think hes ever met Mary.
Tom doesnt think hes ever met you.
Tom doesnt think it was Marys fault.
Tom doesnt think it was his fault.
Tom doesnt think it will snow this afternoon.
Tom doesnt think itll rain tomorrow.
Tom doesnt think itll rain, but he plans to carry an umbrella just in case.
Tom doesnt think itll snow tomorrow.
Tom doesnt think its a very good idea to go skinny dipping.
Tom doesnt think its his fault.
Tom doesnt think its such a big deal.
Tom doesnt think its such a big problem.
Tom doesnt think so.
Tom doesnt think that Mary did all her homework by herself.
Tom doesnt think that Mary is at home.
Tom doesnt think that Mary is right.
Tom doesnt think that Mary looks like her mother.
Tom doesnt think that Mary made a wise decision.
Tom doesnt think that Mary will come.
Tom doesnt think that Marys performance was very good.
Tom doesnt think that he has anything to do with the matter.
Tom doesnt think that he needs to use deodorant.
Tom doesnt think that is a good idea.
Tom doesnt think that itll rain tomorrow.
Tom doesnt think that will do any good.
Tom doesnt think that will ever happen.
Tom doesnt think that would be good.
Tom doesnt think that would be the right thing to do.
Tom doesnt think thats going to happen.
Tom doesnt think there is any advantage of doing it the way you suggest we do it.
Tom doesnt think there is any need for Mary to attend the meeting.
Tom doesnt think this is a coincidence.
Tom doesnt think this is such a good idea.
Tom doesnt think this makes any sense.
Tom doesnt think we can pull this off.
Tom doesnt think you understand me.
Tom doesnt trust Mary any longer.
Tom doesnt trust Mary anymore.
Tom doesnt trust Mary with his car.
Tom doesnt trust Mary with his children.
Tom doesnt trust a thing Mary says.
Tom doesnt trust anyone.
Tom doesnt trust what anyone says.
Tom doesnt understand French at all.
Tom doesnt understand French very well.
Tom doesnt understand French.
Tom doesnt understand Mary sometimes.
Tom doesnt understand Mary.
Tom doesnt understand Marys reluctance to go out with his brother.
Tom doesnt understand a thing.
Tom doesnt understand any French.
Tom doesnt understand because he wasnt paying attention.
Tom doesnt understand how Mary feels.
Tom doesnt understand how a computer works.
Tom doesnt understand how that could have happened.
Tom doesnt understand how to use a computer.
Tom doesnt understand that at all.
Tom doesnt understand the situation.
Tom doesnt understand the value of saving.
Tom doesnt understand this.
Tom doesnt understand what Mary is trying to say.
Tom doesnt understand what you said.
Tom doesnt understand what you want.
Tom doesnt understand what youre driving at.
Tom doesnt understand what youre saying.
Tom doesnt understand what youre talking about.
Tom doesnt understand whats going on.
Tom doesnt understand why Mary behaves the way she does.
Tom doesnt understand why Mary got angry with him.
Tom doesnt understand why Mary is so popular.
Tom doesnt understand why were doing this.
Tom doesnt use rinse. He only uses shampoo.
Tom doesnt use sunscreen.
Tom doesnt usually eat dessert.
Tom doesnt usually play backgammon.
Tom doesnt usually show his feelings.
Tom doesnt want Mary butting in.
Tom doesnt want Mary to do what he did.
Tom doesnt want Mary to get involved.
Tom doesnt want Mary to get too excited.
Tom doesnt want Mary to go to Boston.
Tom doesnt want Mary to go.
Tom doesnt want Mary to touch him.
Tom doesnt want Marys pity.
Tom doesnt want a ukulele made of plastic.
Tom doesnt want an iPad. He wants a portable device that supports Flash.
Tom doesnt want any coffee.
Tom doesnt want any kids.
Tom doesnt want any of Marys money.
Tom doesnt want any part of this.
Tom doesnt want any trouble.
Tom doesnt want anything to drink.
Tom doesnt want anything to eat.
Tom doesnt want dinner.
Tom doesnt want his picture taken.
Tom doesnt want his son to turn out like me.
Tom doesnt want pity.
Tom doesnt want the same thing to happen again.
Tom doesnt want the same thing to happen here.
Tom doesnt want the truth to come out.
Tom doesnt want to answer Marys message.
Tom doesnt want to appear weak.
Tom doesnt want to argue with Mary.
Tom doesnt want to argue with you.
Tom doesnt want to be a doctor, although hes very good in science.
Tom doesnt want to be around Mary.
Tom doesnt want to be disappointed.
Tom doesnt want to be involved.
Tom doesnt want to be late.
Tom doesnt want to be seen with Mary.
Tom doesnt want to break up with Mary.
Tom doesnt want to buy an expensive engagement ring for Mary.
Tom doesnt want to buy anything for Marys birthday.
Tom doesnt want to clean his room.
Tom doesnt want to deal with this problem now.
Tom doesnt want to do anything but swim.
Tom doesnt want to do anything but watch TV.
Tom doesnt want to eat lunch now.
Tom doesnt want to ever do that again.
Tom doesnt want to ever leave Boston.
Tom doesnt want to get his hands dirty.
Tom doesnt want to get married until hes in his thirties.
Tom doesnt want to give up his dream of becoming an astronaut.
Tom doesnt want to go alone.
Tom doesnt want to go anywhere in particular.
Tom doesnt want to go home.
Tom doesnt want to go out.
Tom doesnt want to go to bed right now.
Tom doesnt want to go to school today.
Tom doesnt want to go to such a dangerous place.
Tom doesnt want to go with Mary.
Tom doesnt want to hear anything more about Mary.
Tom doesnt want to hurt Mary.
Tom doesnt want to hurt Marys feelings.
Tom doesnt want to let Mary down.
Tom doesnt want to let Mary go.
Tom doesnt want to lie to Mary.
Tom doesnt want to live by himself.
Tom doesnt want to live in Boston for more than a year.
Tom doesnt want to live in Boston.
Tom doesnt want to look foolish.
Tom doesnt want to lose Mary.
Tom doesnt want to make Mary angry.
Tom doesnt want to miss his flight.
Tom doesnt want to read that book.
Tom doesnt want to see Mary again.
Tom doesnt want to see Mary at all.
Tom doesnt want to see Mary get hurt.
Tom doesnt want to see Marys face ever again.
Tom doesnt want to see anybody today.
Tom doesnt want to spend more than $300 for a used motorcycle.
Tom doesnt want to spend the rest of his life in jail.
Tom doesnt want to study French, but he has to.
Tom doesnt want to take a walk now.
Tom doesnt want to take any chances.
Tom doesnt want to take on any more work.
Tom doesnt want to take part in the ceremony.
Tom doesnt want to take that kind of risk.
Tom doesnt want to talk about his private life.
Tom doesnt want to talk about it.
Tom doesnt want to talk to Mary ever again.
Tom doesnt want to talk to Mary.
Tom doesnt want to wait any longer.
Tom doesnt want to wait that long.
Tom doesnt want to wear out his welcome.
Tom doesnt want to work tomorrow.
Tom doesnt watch TV except on Saturdays.
Tom doesnt watch TV very much nowadays.
Tom doesnt wear glasses, but he used to.
Tom doesnt wear pajamas. He sleeps in the nude.
Tom doesnt work as hard as he used to.
Tom doesnt work as much as he used to.
Tom doesnt work here anymore.
Tom doesnt yet know exactly when hell leave.
Tom doesnt yet know whether he can go or not.
Tom dog paddled toward the shallow end of the pool.
Tom donated $30,000 to charity last year.
Tom donated a kidney to somebody he didn't know.
Tom donated a kidney to someone he didn't know.
Tom donated a lot of money to us.
Tom donated a lot of money.
Tom donated all his books to the town library.
Tom donated all of his books to the city library.
Tom donated all of his winnings to charity.
Tom donated blood.
Tom donated his bone marrow to save the cancer victim's life.
Tom donated his entire fortune to charity.
Tom donated his estate to create a wildlife sanctuary.
Tom donated his winnings to charity.
Tom donated money to the Red Cross to help survivors of the earthquake.
Tom donated one-third of his liver, his wife left him, and then he drank himself to death.
Tom donated plasma.
Tom donated some unnecessary things to poor people.
Tom donated the prize money to charity.
Tom donated those books to the local library.
Tom donated three paintings to the museum.
Tom donates half his salary to his favorite charity.
Tom donates his time and resources to help his local community.
Tom donned his party hat.
Tom doodled in his notebook.
Tom doodled on a piece of paper as he talked to Mary.
Tom doodled on his notes during the meeting.
Tom double-checked his bank balance before writing the check.
Tom double-checked his bank balance before writing the cheque.
Tom double-checked his door to make sure it was locked.
Tom double-crossed Mary.
Tom double-crossed me.
Tom doubled his investment in a year.
Tom doubled over with pain.
Tom doubled up with pain.
Tom doubted Mary was as rich as she said she was.
Tom doubted Mary would call back.
Tom doubted Mary would keep her promise.
Tom doubted Mary.
Tom doubted everything, especially himself.
Tom doubted that Mary was as rich as she said she was.
Tom doubted that Mary would call back.
Tom doubted that Mary would keep her promise.
Tom doubts Mary can do that.
Tom doubts Mary can swim.
Tom doubts Mary can take care of herself.
Tom doubts Mary can win.
Tom doubts Mary loves you.
Tom doubts Mary will keep her promise.
Tom doubts Mary's sincerity.
Tom doubts Mary's story is true.
Tom doubts Marys sincerity.
Tom doubts Marys story is true.
Tom doubts he'll be able to get there on time.
Tom doubts if Mary will come on time.
Tom doubts if Mary will come to his birthday party.
Tom doubts if Mary will come to school today.
Tom doubts if Mary will come today.
Tom doubts if Mary will come tomorrow.
Tom doubts if Mary will keep her promise.
Tom doubts if it will rain.
Tom doubts that Mary can do that.
Tom doubts that Mary can swim.
Tom doubts that Mary can take care of herself.
Tom doubts that Mary can win.
Tom doubts that Mary loves you.
Tom doubts that Mary will keep her promise.
Tom doubts that he'll be able to get there on time.
Tom doubts that hell be able get there on time.
Tom doubts that what happened today will ever happen again.
Tom doubts what happened today will ever happen again.
Tom doubts whether Mary is honest.
Tom doubts.
Tom doused the campfire.
Tom dove into the bushes.
Tom dove into the cold water.
Tom dove into the food.
Tom dove into the pool.
Tom dove into the swimming pool.
Tom dove into the water and swam as fast as he could.
Tom dove into the water and swam to the other side.
Tom dove into the water and tried to rescue Mary.
Tom dove into the water.
Tom dove off the bridge.
Tom dove off the diving board.
Tom dove off the pier.
Tom dove under the ice.
Tom dove.
Tom downed his beer.
Tom downed his coffee.
Tom downed his drink and asked for another.
Tom downed his drink and got up to leave.
Tom downed his drink and left.
Tom downed his drink and ordered another one.
Tom downed his drink and ordered another.
Tom downed his drink and poured himself another one.
Tom downed his drink and poured himself another.
Tom downed his drink.
Tom downed his whiskey in one gulp.
Tom downed the glass of wine.
Tom downed the rest of his drink and left the bar.
Tom downed three cups of coffee and then got back to work.
Tom downed two sandwiches in one go.
Tom downloaded porn.
Tom downloaded several games today.
Tom downloaded some videos to watch over the weekend.
Tom dozed off briefly.
Tom dozed off during class.
Tom dozed off during his exam.
Tom dozed off during the exam.
Tom dozed off during the meeting.
Tom dozed off during the movie.
Tom dozed off in French class.
Tom dozed off in class.
Tom dozed off in the cinema.
Tom dozed off in the movie theater.
Tom dozed off sitting in the sun on his front porch.
Tom dozed off to sleep.
Tom dozed off under the tree.
Tom dozed off.
Tom dozed on the sofa.
Tom dozed.
Tom drafted the proposal.
Tom drafted the resolution.
Tom dragged Mary along to the concert. Will she like it?
Tom dragged Mary by her collar.
Tom dragged Mary into the room.
Tom dragged Mary onto the dance floor.
Tom dragged Mary's body away.
Tom dragged himself out of bed and put on his clothes.
Tom dragged himself out of bed.
Tom dragged me into it.
Tom dragged me outside.
Tom drained his glass.
Tom drank Mary under the table.
Tom drank Mary's coffee.
Tom drank Mary's wine while she wasn't looking.
Tom drank a Bloody Mary while watching the sunset with Mary.
Tom drank a Long Island iced tea and Mary drank a cosmopolitan.
Tom drank a beer on the porch.
Tom drank a beer.
Tom drank a couple of shots of tequila.
Tom drank a cup of coffee.
Tom drank a cup of decaf after dinner.
Tom drank a cup of hot chocolate.
Tom drank a cup of milk.
Tom drank a cup of radioactive coffee and died.
Tom drank a cup of tea.
Tom drank a few beers.
Tom drank a few cups of coffee to keep himself awake.
Tom drank a glass of juice.
Tom drank a glass of milk and went back to bed.
Tom drank a glass of milk.
Tom drank a glass of orange juice.
Tom drank a glass of red wine.
Tom drank a glass of schnapps before he went to the dentist.
Tom drank a glass of water.
Tom drank a glass of white wine, and so did Mary.
Tom drank a glass of wine.
Tom drank a large glass of water.
Tom drank a latte.
Tom drank a little bit more and then left.
Tom drank a little more than he should've.
Tom drank a little water.
Tom drank a lot at the party and ended up making a fool of himself.
Tom drank a lot at the party.
Tom drank a lot last night and is a bit hung over this morning.
Tom drank a lot last night.
Tom drank a lot more than I did.
Tom drank a lot more than me.
Tom drank a lot of beer last night.
Tom drank a lot of beer.
Tom drank a lot of coffee so he could stay awake.
Tom drank a lot of vodka on his trip to Russia.
Tom drank a lot of water.
Tom drank a lot tonight.
Tom drank a lot when he was in Boston.
Tom drank a lot when he was living in Boston.
Tom drank a lot yesterday.
Tom drank a lot.
Tom drank a milkshake.
Tom drank a non-alcoholic beer.
Tom drank a pot of coffee.
Tom drank a protein shake.
Tom drank a second cup of coffee and ate another doughnut.
Tom drank a shot of tequila.
Tom drank a shot of vodka and ate a pickle.
Tom drank a shot of whiskey.
Tom drank a shot.
Tom drank a sip of water.
Tom drank a smoothie.
Tom drank a sports drink.
Tom drank a strawberry milkshake.
Tom drank a swig of water from his canteen.
Tom drank a whole bottle of wine by himself.
Tom drank a whole bottle of wine.
Tom drank about as much as I did.
Tom drank about three times as much as Mary did.
Tom drank about three times as much as Mary drank.
Tom drank about three times as much as Mary.
Tom drank about twice as much as I did.
Tom drank absinthe, and Mary drank red wine.
Tom drank alcohol-free beer at the party because he had gotten there by car.
Tom drank alcohol-free beer at the party because he was the designated driver.
Tom drank all evening.
Tom drank all the juice in one gulp.
Tom drank all the milk.
Tom drank all the orange juice.
Tom drank all the water.
Tom drank all the wine.
Tom drank an energy drink.
Tom drank an entire bottle of vodka yesterday.
Tom drank and drank until he passed out.
Tom drank another beer.
Tom drank another cup of coffee and ate another donut.
Tom drank another mouthful of beer from his glass.
Tom drank away all his property.
Tom drank beer by the pool as he watched his children swim.
Tom drank beer.
Tom drank carrot juice.
Tom drank coconut milk.
Tom drank coffee and Mary drank tea.
Tom drank coffee and Mary smoked a cigarette.
Tom drank coffee while Mary smoked a cigarette.
Tom drank coffee, and Mary drank tea.
Tom drank coffee, but Mary drank tea.
Tom drank coffee.
Tom drank cognac.
Tom drank curdled milk.
Tom drank directly from the wine bottle.
Tom drank five beers too quickly and accidentally walked into the woman's room.
Tom drank from a flask.
Tom drank from my cup.
Tom drank from my mug.
Tom drank from the glass Mary handed him.
Tom drank from the glass that Mary handed him.
Tom drank from the hose.
Tom drank from the spring.
Tom drank from the tap.
Tom drank half a bottle of kefir and fell asleep early in the evening.
Tom drank heavily in his youth, but is now a teetotaller.
Tom drank heavily.
Tom drank himself into a stupor when Mary walked out on him.
Tom drank himself into oblivion.
Tom drank himself to death.
Tom drank his coffee with enjoyment.
Tom drank his coffee.
Tom drank his cup of coffee and also drank Mary's cup of coffee.
Tom drank his cup of coffee and also drank Mary's.
Tom drank his orange juice.
Tom drank his soda.
Tom drank his wine.
Tom drank in silence.
Tom drank instant coffee.
Tom drank lemonade and Mary drank tea.
Tom drank lemonade.
Tom drank less than Mary did.
Tom drank less than Mary.
Tom drank me under the table.
Tom drank milk.
Tom drank more than I did.
Tom drank more than Mary did.
Tom drank more than Mary.
Tom drank more than me.
Tom drank more than the rest of us did.
Tom drank more than the rest of us.
Tom drank more than the rest.
Tom drank most of the beer that we'd brought.
Tom drank my apple juice.
Tom drank my coffee.
Tom drank my orange juice.
Tom drank orange juice, and Mary drank grape juice.
Tom drank out of Mary's cup.
Tom drank out of Mary's glass by mistake.
Tom drank out of his coffee mug and read the newspaper.
Tom drank out of my cup.
Tom drank out of my glass.
Tom drank ouzo.
Tom drank poison.
Tom drank red wine and Mary drank white wine.
Tom drank red wine and Mary drank white.
Tom drank red wine, and Mary drank white.
Tom drank rum.
Tom drank some beer, didn't he?
Tom drank some beer.
Tom drank some juice.
Tom drank some milk.
Tom drank some of Mary's whiskey.
Tom drank some orange juice.
Tom drank some poison by mistake.
Tom drank some water to quench his thirst.
Tom drank some water.
Tom drank some wine.
Tom drank something he shouldn't have.
Tom drank something that he shouldn't have.
Tom drank something.
Tom drank straight from the bottle.
Tom drank straight from the can.
Tom drank tea.
Tom drank tequila and Mary drank wine.
Tom drank tequila.
Tom drank that entire bottle of wine by himself.
Tom drank that whole bottle of wine by himself.
Tom drank the Kool-Aid.
Tom drank the beer in one gulp.
Tom drank the cold water.
Tom drank the entire bottle of wine by himself.
Tom drank the glass of champagne that was given to him.
Tom drank the glass of vodka.
Tom drank the glass of water that Mary handed to him.
Tom drank the last bottle of wine by himself.
Tom drank the orange juice I poured for him.
Tom drank the potion.
Tom drank the rest of what was in the bottle.
Tom drank the shot of tequila down in one gulp.
Tom drank the water as it came out the hose.
Tom drank the water from the spring.
Tom drank the water slowly.
Tom drank the water that Mary gave him.
Tom drank the water that he was given.
Tom drank the white wine Mary poured for him.
Tom drank the whole bottle of milk by himself.
Tom drank the whole bottle of wine all by himself.
Tom drank the whole bottle of wine by himself.
Tom drank the whole bottle of wine.
Tom drank three beers.
Tom drank three bottles of beer.
Tom drank three bottles of wine by himself last night.
Tom drank three bottles of wine last night.
Tom drank three cans of beer.
Tom drank three cocktails.
Tom drank three cups of coffee and Mary didn't drink any.
Tom drank three cups of coffee before he left for work.
Tom drank three cups of coffee.
Tom drank three glasses of lemonade.
Tom drank three glasses of orange juice.
Tom drank three glasses of water.
Tom drank three glasses of wine at the party.
Tom drank three glasses of wine.
Tom drank too much at the party last night.
Tom drank too much beer last night.
Tom drank too much beer.
Tom drank too much brandy.
Tom drank too much last night.
Tom drank too much tea yesterday.
Tom drank too much wine.
Tom drank too much, didn't he?
Tom drank too much.
Tom drank twice as much beer as Mary did.
Tom drank vodka.
Tom drank water from the tap.
Tom drank water.
Tom drank way too much last night.
Tom drank way too much.
Tom drank whiskey as if it were water.
Tom drank whiskey.
Tom drank wine with his friend.
Tom drank wine with his friends.
Tom drank wine.
Tom drank with us until after midnight.
Tom drank.
Tom draped his arms protectively over Mary's shoulders.
Tom draped his arms protectively over her shoulders.
Tom draped his coat over Mary's shoulders.
Tom draws better than me.
Tom draws caricatures of friends.
Tom draws caricatures of me.
Tom draws comic books and earns money with this.
Tom draws comics.
Tom draws stoats in his spare time.
Tom draws very nice pictures.
Tom draws well.
Tom draws with coloured pens.
Tom dreaded having to spend Christmas in hospital.
Tom dreaded having to spend Christmas in the hospital.
Tom dreaded having to spend another weekend with Mary.
Tom dreaded the amount of tutorials required to master the new technology.
Tom dreads going to work every morning.
Tom dreads going to work tomorrow.
Tom dreamed Mary had abandoned him.
Tom dreamed about Mary.
Tom dreamed about doing that.
Tom dreamed about kissing Mary.
Tom dreamed about winning.
Tom dreamed about zebras.
Tom dreamed he was dreaming.
Tom dreamed he was flying.
Tom dreamed of Mary often.
Tom dreamed of becoming a race car driver.
Tom dreamed of becoming a rock star.
Tom dreamed of becoming a successful businessman.
Tom dreamed of becoming a writer.
Tom dreamed of becoming an astronaut.
Tom dreamed of becoming rich.
Tom dreamed of being a hero.
Tom dreamed of doing that.
Tom dreamed of going pro.
Tom dreamed of her often.
Tom dreamed of retiring in an adobe house, surrounded by tranquillity.
Tom dreamed of their future together.
Tom dreamed of winning.
Tom dreamed that Mary had abandoned him.
Tom dreamed that Mary had left him.
Tom dreamed that he had won the contest, but that his prize had been stolen.
Tom dreamed that he was dreaming.
Tom dreamed that he was flying.
Tom dreamed that he would become an astronaut.
Tom dreamed that he would one day walk on the moon.
Tom dreamed.
Tom dreams about a woman with gorgeous eyes and an attractive smile.
Tom dreams about living in the mountains.
Tom dreams his days away.
Tom dreams of Mary from time to time.
Tom dreams of banning anything he doesn't like.
Tom dreams of becoming a millionaire.
Tom dreams of being a warlord.
Tom dreams of financial solvency.
Tom dreams of leaving this place someday.
Tom dreams of owning a house in the center of Boston.
Tom dreams of setting the world on fire.
Tom dreams of the toilet when he has to go to the bathroom.
Tom dreams of world peace.
Tom dreamt he was a salaryman in Tokyo.
Tom dreamt he was deep in the depths of an unfamiliar tube station.
Tom dreamt of fountains of schnapps.
Tom dreamt that Mary was trying to discredit him.
Tom dreamt.
Tom dressed as a Pharaoh.
Tom dressed as a robot for Halloween.
Tom dressed as a skeleton for Halloween.
Tom dressed as a wizard.
Tom dressed as a zombie.
Tom dressed as an Egyptian mummy.
Tom dressed as an alien for Halloween.
Tom dressed as an ancient Egyptian priestess.
Tom dressed as an ancient Egyptian princess.
Tom dressed as an ancient Egyptian scribe.
Tom dressed as an ancient Egyptian slave.
Tom dressed as an astronaut.
Tom dressed casually.
Tom dressed for work.
Tom dressed himself quickly, then ran out the door.
Tom dressed himself quickly.
Tom dressed his dogs.
Tom dressed hurriedly.
Tom dressed like a girl for Halloween.
Tom dressed like a girl.
Tom dressed nicely.
Tom dressed up as Batman.
Tom dressed up as Santa Claus.
Tom dressed up as a doctor.
Tom dressed up as a fairy princess for Halloween.
Tom dressed up as a knight.
Tom dressed up as a pirate for Halloween.
Tom dressed up as a pirate.
Tom dressed up as a prince for Halloween.
Tom dressed up as a princess for Halloween.
Tom dressed up as a robot for Halloween.
Tom dressed up as a witch.
Tom dressed up as a woman.
Tom dressed up as a zombie.
Tom dressed up as cowboy for Halloween.
Tom dressed up for the meeting, but the Canadians hated his ideas.
Tom dressed up for the party.
Tom dressed up like a dog and started barking at me.
Tom dressed up like a maid.
Tom dressed well.
Tom dresses for comfort rather than to look nice.
Tom dresses like a cowboy.
Tom dresses like a girl.
Tom dresses like a grandfather.
Tom dresses nicely.
Tom dresses stylishly.
Tom dresses well.
Tom drew Mary's fursona.
Tom drew a beard on himself so he could impress his crush, Mary.
Tom drew a caricature of Mary.
Tom drew a circle in the sand with a stick.
Tom drew a circle in the sand.
Tom drew a circle on the chalkboard.
Tom drew a deep breath.
Tom drew a gun and fired a shot into Johns chest.
Tom drew a gun and shot Mary.
Tom drew a happy face on the cover of his notebook.
Tom drew a house and a tree.
Tom drew a large square.
Tom drew a line down the middle of the page.
Tom drew a long breath.
Tom drew a mustache on Mary's picture.
Tom drew a picture for me.
Tom drew a picture of Mary and gave it to her.
Tom drew a picture of Mary and her dog.
Tom drew a picture of Mary.
Tom drew a picture of a dog.
Tom drew a picture of a dolphin.
Tom drew a picture of a squirrel on the cake.
Tom drew a picture of a squirrel.
Tom drew a picture of his house.
Tom drew a revolver and shot John's hat off his head.
Tom drew a sharp breath.
Tom drew a sigil which means: "I'll pass the exam."
Tom drew a snowman.
Tom drew a spaceship.
Tom drew a straight line on the paper.
Tom drew a thin line.
Tom drew a tree.
Tom drew an apple.
Tom drew back a little.
Tom drew back the curtains.
Tom drew her into his arms.
Tom drew his gun and fired.
Tom drew his gun and shot one of the men.
Tom drew his gun and shot.
Tom drew his gun.
Tom drew his pistol and fired.
Tom drew his pistol.
Tom drew his sword.
Tom drew in a deep breath.
Tom drew in his breath.
Tom drew me a map to his house.
Tom drew me a picture.
Tom drew on the walls.
Tom drew that picture yesterday.
Tom drew the blinds so as not to be seen from the street.
Tom drew the curtains so he couldn't be seen from the street.
Tom drew the curtains.
Tom drew the short straw.
Tom drew the shortest straw.
Tom drew the sword.
Tom drew this picture.
Tom drew this.
Tom drew two squares on the blackboard.
Tom dribbled the ball down the court.
Tom dried Mary's tears.
Tom dried himself with a bath towel.
Tom dried himself with a towel.
Tom dried himself with the bath towel.
Tom dried himself with the new bath towel he got for Christmas.
Tom dried his clothes by the fire.
Tom dried his eyes.
Tom dried his face with a towel.
Tom dried his hair with a hair dryer.
Tom dried his hair with a towel.
Tom dried his hands with a small towel.
Tom dried his hands with a towel.
Tom dried his hands with the towel Mary gave him.
Tom dried his hands with the towel Mary handed him.
Tom dried his hands with the towel Mary handed to him.
Tom dried his hands with the towel that Mary handed him.
Tom dried his hands with the towel that Mary handed to him.
Tom dried his hands.
Tom dried his tears with a tissue.
Tom dried his tears with his handkerchief.
Tom dried his tears with his shirtsleeve.
Tom dried his tears.
Tom dried off with a large towel.
Tom dried off with a towel.
Tom dried the dishes.
Tom dried the silverware with a dishtowel.
Tom drifted downstream on the raft.
Tom drifted in and out of a coma.
Tom drifted in and out of sleep.
Tom drifted off to sleep.
Tom drilled a hole in the wall and hit a water pipe.
Tom drilled a hole in the wall and hit an electrical cable.
Tom drilled a hole in the wall and then collapsed.
Tom drilled a hole in the wall.
Tom drilled through the safe.
Tom drinks 100% pure orange juice every day.
Tom drinks 100% pure orange juice every morning.
Tom drinks a cup of coffee every morning.
Tom drinks a cup of tea or coffee in the morning.
Tom drinks a glass of water every morning before he eats breakfast.
Tom drinks a glass of water on an empty stomach every morning.
Tom drinks a little wine sometimes.
Tom drinks a little.
Tom drinks a lot of beer, and so does Mary.
Tom drinks a lot of beer.
Tom drinks a lot of coffee.
Tom drinks a lot of lemonade.
Tom drinks a lot of milk.
Tom drinks a lot of soda.
Tom drinks a lot of water.
Tom drinks a lot of whiskey.
Tom drinks a lot.
Tom drinks about a liter of coffee a day.
Tom drinks about three liters of water a day.
Tom drinks almost every day.
Tom drinks as much water as his body needs.
Tom drinks at least one cup of coffee every morning.
Tom drinks at least three cups of coffee a day.
Tom drinks at least three cups of coffee every day.
Tom drinks at least three liters of water every day.
Tom drinks at least two litres of water a day.
Tom drinks beer every day.
Tom drinks beer with his buddies at the local bar every weekend.
Tom drinks beer.
Tom drinks between three and six coffees a day.
Tom drinks black coffee without sugar.
Tom drinks chamomile tea.
Tom drinks coffee every day.
Tom drinks coffee every morning.
Tom drinks coffee to stay awake when he's studying at night.
Tom drinks coffee.
Tom drinks copious amounts of alcohol.
Tom drinks craft beer.
Tom drinks either a cup of tea or of a cup coffee every morning.
Tom drinks every day.
Tom drinks his coffee strong.
Tom drinks his tea with milk and no sugar.
Tom drinks instant coffee.
Tom drinks juice.
Tom drinks like a fish.
Tom drinks little alcohol.
Tom drinks lots of beer.
Tom drinks lots of water.
Tom drinks milk every morning.
Tom drinks milk, but Mary doesn't.
Tom drinks milk.
Tom drinks more than I do.
Tom drinks more than anyone else I know.
Tom drinks never in moderation, but always to excess.
Tom drinks only bottled water.
Tom drinks only coffee.
Tom drinks only twelve-degree beer.
Tom drinks orange juice and coffee at night and wine or beer in the morning.
Tom drinks quite a bit.
Tom drinks red wine.
Tom drinks several cups of coffee every morning before he goes to work.
Tom drinks several cups of tea a day.
Tom drinks several cups of tea every day.
Tom drinks six cups of coffee a day.
Tom drinks so he can put up with daily life and other people.
Tom drinks some wine, but never enough to get drunk.
Tom drinks tea and Mary drinks coffee.
Tom drinks tea every day.
Tom drinks tea every morning.
Tom drinks tea more often than coffee.
Tom drinks tea several times a day.
Tom drinks tea while Mary drinks coffee.
Tom drinks tea without sugar, but with milk.
Tom drinks tea, but Mary drinks coffee.
Tom drinks tea, but he doesn't drink coffee.
Tom drinks tequila almost every day.
Tom drinks three cups of coffee a day.
Tom drinks too much beer.
Tom drinks too much coffee.
Tom drinks too much these days.
Tom drinks too much when he's worried.
Tom drinks too much.
Tom drinks twice as much as Mary does.
Tom drinks twice as much as Mary.
Tom drinks two bottles of wine with each meal.
Tom drinks two or three cups of coffee every day.
Tom drinks unpasteurized beer.
Tom drinks very little.
Tom drinks water.
Tom drinks way too much beer.
Tom drinks way too much.
Tom drinks wine with his pinky out.
Tom drinks wine.
Tom drinks, but he isn't drunk this morning.
Tom drinks, but he's not drunk this morning.
Tom drinks.
Tom dripped with sweat.
Tom drives Mary to school.
Tom drives Mary up the wall.
Tom drives a BMW.
Tom drives a Datsun.
Tom drives a DeLorean.
Tom drives a Ford.
Tom drives a Japanese car, doesn't he?
Tom drives a Japanese car.
Tom drives a Rolls Royce.
Tom drives a Toyota.
Tom drives a beemer.
Tom drives a big sedan.
Tom drives a bin lorry.
Tom drives a black Mustang.
Tom drives a black car, doesn't he?
Tom drives a black car, doesnt he?
Tom drives a black car, eh?
Tom drives a black car, right?
Tom drives a black car.
Tom drives a black pick-up truck.
Tom drives a black sedan.
Tom drives a black van.
Tom drives a blue car.
Tom drives a blue van.
Tom drives a bus and Mary is a tour guide.
Tom drives a cab.
Tom drives a convertible.
Tom drives a cool car.
Tom drives a dustcart.
Tom drives a four-wheel drive van.
Tom drives a garbage truck.
Tom drives a gas guzzler.
Tom drives a green car.
Tom drives a hard bargain.
Tom drives a hybrid.
Tom drives a light truck.
Tom drives a lorry, and his wife drives an estate car.
Tom drives a minivan.
Tom drives a nice car.
Tom drives a pickup truck.
Tom drives a red Camaro.
Tom drives a red Ferrari.
Tom drives a red car.
Tom drives a red pickup.
Tom drives a red sports car.
Tom drives a red truck.
Tom drives a sports car, doesn't he?
Tom drives a sports car.
Tom drives a taxi.
Tom drives a tour bus.
Tom drives a tow truck.
Tom drives a trash truck.
Tom drives a truck and his wife drives a station wagon.
Tom drives a truck for a living.
Tom drives a truck for a moving company.
Tom drives a truck.
Tom drives a van.
Tom drives a very expensive car.
Tom drives a very nice car.
Tom drives a very old car.
Tom drives a white car.
Tom drives a yellow cab.
Tom drives an SUV.
Tom drives an ancient Saab 96.
Tom drives an electric car.
Tom drives an imported car I think.
Tom drives an imported car.
Tom drives an old Ford.
Tom drives an old diesel.
Tom drives an old pick-up that his grandfather gave him.
Tom drives an old pick-up truck.
Tom drives an old pick-up.
Tom drives an old truck.
Tom drives an older car.
Tom drives an orange Lamborghini.
Tom drives as carefully as Mary does.
Tom drives at 60 mph on the highway in order to save fuel.
Tom drives by Mary's house on his way to and from work.
Tom drives by Mary's house on his way to work.
Tom drives carefully.
Tom drives everybody up the wall.
Tom drives everywhere.
Tom drives fast.
Tom drives faster than Mary.
Tom drives his car to work every day.
Tom drives his children to school every day.
Tom drives his father home from work.
Tom drives his grandfather's car.
Tom drives his kids to school every day.
Tom drives his parents' car.
Tom drives like a maniac.
Tom drives me crazy.
Tom drives me mad.
Tom drives me nuts.
Tom drives me totally insane.
Tom drives more slowly than Mary.
Tom drives much faster than Mary does.
Tom drives much faster than Mary drives.
Tom drives much faster than Mary.
Tom drives really slow.
Tom drives safely.
Tom drives slower than I do.
Tom drives slower than Mary does.
Tom drives slower than Mary.
Tom drives slower than me.
Tom drives slowly.
Tom drives some sort of little white convertible.
Tom drives the automobile.
Tom drives the old car his grandfather gave him.
Tom drives the old car that his grandfather gave him.
Tom drives the way Mary taught him to drive.
Tom drives to school.
Tom drives to work every Monday.
Tom drives to work every day.
Tom drives to work three days a week.
Tom drives to work.
Tom drives too fast.
Tom drives very fast.
Tom drives very well.
Tom drives way too fast.
Tom drives with a raw onion beside him when he's been drinking, because a doctor once told him that, if he chewed and swallowed raw onion just before being breathalyzed, it would mask the alcohol on his breath.
Tom drives.
Tom drooled over Mary's new motorcycle.
Tom drooled.
Tom dropped Mary at day care.
Tom dropped Mary off at a hotel.
Tom dropped Mary off at her friend's house.
Tom dropped Mary off at her mom's house.
Tom dropped Mary off at school on his way to work.
Tom dropped Mary off at school.
Tom dropped Mary off at the airport.
Tom dropped Mary off at the bus station.
Tom dropped Mary off at the library.
Tom dropped Mary off at the mall.
Tom dropped Mary off at the station.
Tom dropped Mary off at the supermarket.
Tom dropped Mary off at the train station just before 2:30.
Tom dropped Mary off in front of John's.
Tom dropped Mary off in front of Johns.
Tom dropped Mary off in front of the bank.
Tom dropped Mary off in front of the mall.
Tom dropped a bombshell.
Tom dropped a box of test tubes, and most of them broke.
Tom dropped a coin into the beggar's cup.
Tom dropped a coin into the beggars cup.
Tom dropped a cup on the floor and it shattered into a thousand pieces.
Tom dropped a dish and it broke.
Tom dropped a handful of snow down Mary's back.
Tom dropped a handful of snow down Mary's collar.
Tom dropped a strawberry on the floor and Mary stepped on it.
Tom dropped by Mary's home every day for lunch.
Tom dropped by Mary's house just to say hello.
Tom dropped by Mary's house on his way home.
Tom dropped by Marys home every day for lunch.
Tom dropped by earlier.
Tom dropped by for a visit.
Tom dropped by to say thanks.
Tom dropped by to see Mary this afternoon.
Tom dropped by tosee how you were doing.
Tom dropped everything he was doing to help Mary.
Tom dropped his books in his locker.
Tom dropped his books in the hallway.
Tom dropped his books on the floor.
Tom dropped his books.
Tom dropped his children off at school on his way to work.
Tom dropped his children off at school.
Tom dropped his children off three hours ago.
Tom dropped his coffee cup on the kitchen floor.
Tom dropped his coffee cup.
Tom dropped his cup and broke it.
Tom dropped his daughter off at school.
Tom dropped his empty gun and started running.
Tom dropped his flashlight.
Tom dropped his fork on the floor. Please get him a clean one.
Tom dropped his fork.
Tom dropped his glass, but it didn't break.
Tom dropped his glass.
Tom dropped his gun into the river.
Tom dropped his gun.
Tom dropped his ice cream cone in the sand.
Tom dropped his ice cream cone on the ground.
Tom dropped his ice cream cone.
Tom dropped his jaw.
Tom dropped his kids off at school on his way to work.
Tom dropped his kids off at school.
Tom dropped his knife.
Tom dropped his monocle in shock.
Tom dropped his new smartphone.
Tom dropped his pencil.
Tom dropped his phone and broke it.
Tom dropped his phone in the water.
Tom dropped his phone.
Tom dropped his sandwich on the ground.
Tom dropped his son off at school.
Tom dropped his spoon on the floor and asked for another one.
Tom dropped his suitcase and ran away.
Tom dropped his weapon.
Tom dropped his wine glass.
Tom dropped in at my house.
Tom dropped in at the pub on his way home from work.
Tom dropped in on Mary last night.
Tom dropped in on a friend.
Tom dropped in on me last night.
Tom dropped in on me yesterday.
Tom dropped in on me.
Tom dropped in to see his grandparents on his way home from school.
Tom dropped in to see us.
Tom dropped it.
Tom dropped me off at my apartment.
Tom dropped me off at school on his way to work.
Tom dropped me off at the airport.
Tom dropped me off in front of my house.
Tom dropped me off in front of the train station.
Tom dropped off his kids at school.
Tom dropped off something for Mary.
Tom dropped off the kids at school.
Tom dropped one of his books.
Tom dropped one of the vases.
Tom dropped out of bartending school.
Tom dropped out of college and became a millionaire.
Tom dropped out of college and became a truck driver.
Tom dropped out of college and founded his own company.
Tom dropped out of college and moved to Australia.
Tom dropped out of college and moved to Boston.
Tom dropped out of college and started his own company.
Tom dropped out of college to start his own business.
Tom dropped out of college when he was a junior.
Tom dropped out of college.
Tom dropped out of high school.
Tom dropped out of school and started working when he was thirteen.
Tom dropped out of school to support his family.
Tom dropped out of school to work full-time.
Tom dropped out of school when he was thirteen.
Tom dropped out of school, so he attended night school after work to get his high school diploma.
Tom dropped out of school.
Tom dropped out of the basketball team to join the dance team.
Tom dropped out of the competition.
Tom dropped out of the race when he fell off his bike.
Tom dropped out of the race.
Tom dropped out of the tournament.
Tom dropped out of university and became a lorry driver.
Tom dropped snow down Mary's collar.
Tom dropped something.
Tom dropped the ball.
Tom dropped the book onto the table.
Tom dropped the box.
Tom dropped the children off at school.
Tom dropped the cup and it broke.
Tom dropped the cup.
Tom dropped the eggs and they all broke.
Tom dropped the glass.
Tom dropped the kids off at football practice.
Tom dropped the kids off at school.
Tom dropped the kids off at soccer practice.
Tom dropped the knife in surprise.
Tom dropped the spoon into his pocket.
Tom dropped the vase.
Tom dropped this.
Tom dropped to his knees and put his hands on his head.
Tom dropped to his knees.
Tom dropped to one knee.
Tom dropped to the ground.
Tom dropped two slices into the toaster.
Tom dropped us off in front of the station.
Tom dropped us off.
Tom drops by almost every Monday.
Tom drops by every once in a while.
Tom drops his kids off at school on his way to work every day.
Tom drove Mary all over the place.
Tom drove Mary back home.
Tom drove Mary back to her apartment.
Tom drove Mary back to her house.
Tom drove Mary back to her place.
Tom drove Mary crazy.
Tom drove Mary home from work.
Tom drove Mary home in his sports car.
Tom drove Mary home.
Tom drove Mary nuts.
Tom drove Mary over to John's house.
Tom drove Mary to Boston.
Tom drove Mary to ballet practice.
Tom drove Mary to her place.
Tom drove Mary to hospital.
Tom drove Mary to school.
Tom drove Mary to the airport.
Tom drove Mary to the bank.
Tom drove Mary to the grocery store.
Tom drove Mary to the hospital.
Tom drove Mary to the mall.
Tom drove Mary to the nearest hospital.
Tom drove Mary to the shopping mall.
Tom drove Mary to the station.
Tom drove Mary to the train station.
Tom drove Mary to work yesterday.
Tom drove Mary's car to Boston.
Tom drove Marys car to Boston.
Tom drove a blue car.
Tom drove a hard bargain.
Tom drove a school bus for many years.
Tom drove a sports car.
Tom drove a stake through the heart of the lead vampire.
Tom drove a truck for us.
Tom drove a truck to Boston.
Tom drove a truck.
Tom drove a van here today.
Tom drove a van.
Tom drove across the bridge.
Tom drove across town to Mary's place.
Tom drove across town to a supermarket that sold things at cheaper prices than the supermarket near his house.
Tom drove all day.
Tom drove all night from Boston.
Tom drove all night to get here for today's meeting.
Tom drove all night to get to Boston in time for John and Mary's wedding.
Tom drove all night to get to Boston in time for today's meeting.
Tom drove all night while Mary slept next to him.
Tom drove all night.
Tom drove all the way across town just to buy Mary a birthday cake.
Tom drove all the way across town just to buy a birthday cake for Mary.
Tom drove all the way from Boston just for my birthday party.
Tom drove all the way from Boston to Chicago in one day.
Tom drove all the way from Boston to Chicago.
Tom drove along a desert road.
Tom drove along the river.
Tom drove around for a little bit.
Tom drove around town, looking for Mary.
Tom drove around town.
Tom drove away from me.
Tom drove away in a hurry.
Tom drove away without looking back.
Tom drove away.
Tom drove back home by himself.
Tom drove back home to get something.
Tom drove back home.
Tom drove back to Boston by himself.
Tom drove back to Boston.
Tom drove back to Mary's house.
Tom drove back to his house to get something that he'd forgotten.
Tom drove back to his office.
Tom drove back to the farm.
Tom drove back to the hospital.
Tom drove by Mary's house and waved at her.
Tom drove by Mary's house every day on the way to work.
Tom drove by Mary's house.
Tom drove by, honking his horn.
Tom drove down the street Mary lives on, hoping to see her.
Tom drove down the street that Mary lives on, hoping to see her.
Tom drove during peak hour.
Tom drove everybody home.
Tom drove everyone home.
Tom drove fast.
Tom drove faster.
Tom drove for several hours and then pulled over and took a nap.
Tom drove for thirty minutes and then let Mary do the rest of the driving.
Tom drove for three hours.
Tom drove from Boston to Chicago by himself.
Tom drove from Boston to Chicago.
Tom drove her into safety.
Tom drove himself to hospital.
Tom drove himself to the hospital.
Tom drove his car off a bridge.
Tom drove his car off a cliff.
Tom drove his car off the overpass.
Tom drove his car straight into a light pole.
Tom drove his car to Boston.
Tom drove his car to his office downtown.
Tom drove his car to his office.
Tom drove his children to football practice.
Tom drove his children to school.
Tom drove his children to soccer practice.
Tom drove his children to the pool.
Tom drove his dad's car to the park.
Tom drove his family to the beach and they spent all day swimming.
Tom drove his father's car to the park.
Tom drove his father's car without permission.
Tom drove his golf cart into a sand trap.
Tom drove his kids to school.
Tom drove his sons to the pool.
Tom drove his truck up the hill.
Tom drove home at 2:30.
Tom drove home drunk.
Tom drove home from the gym.
Tom drove home, even though it was snowing heavily.
Tom drove home.
Tom drove in silence.
Tom drove into a ditch.
Tom drove into a lamppost.
Tom drove into a parked car.
Tom drove into a tree.
Tom drove into the town.
Tom drove into town to get a new part for his broken down tractor.
Tom drove like mad.
Tom drove like someone who had never driven a car before.
Tom drove me crazy.
Tom drove me here.
Tom drove me home.
Tom drove me nuts.
Tom drove me to the airport in his father's car.
Tom drove me to the airport.
Tom drove me to the hospital.
Tom drove me to the station.
Tom drove off in a hurry.
Tom drove off in a sports car.
Tom drove off into the night.
Tom drove off.
Tom drove out of the yard, tyres screeching.
Tom drove over a bump.
Tom drove over a mine.
Tom drove over the bridge, not knowing that it would be dangerous to do so.
Tom drove over to Mary's house.
Tom drove past Mary without even waving.
Tom drove past Mary without waving.
Tom drove past Mary's house and waved at her.
Tom drove past Mary's house on his way home from work.
Tom drove past Mary's house on his way to the supermarket.
Tom drove past Mary.
Tom drove past us.
Tom drove people away.
Tom drove really fast.
Tom drove right past Mary's house.
Tom drove slowly across the old bridge.
Tom drove slowly down the street.
Tom drove slowly up the hill.
Tom drove straight home, without stopping anywhere.
Tom drove straight home.
Tom drove straight off the cliff.
Tom drove straight to school.
Tom drove the boys to the pool.
Tom drove the bus.
Tom drove the car.
Tom drove the children to the pool.
Tom drove the first three hundred kilometers, and Mary drove the rest of the way.
Tom drove the getaway car.
Tom drove the injured bicyclist to the hospital.
Tom drove the injured cyclist to hospital.
Tom drove the kids to school.
Tom drove the medicine to the campsite.
Tom drove the streets for ten minutes in search of a parking place.
Tom drove the wolves away.
Tom drove them all out of his house.
Tom drove there by himself.
Tom drove through a red light, causing an accident.
Tom drove through the narrow tunnel at high speed.
Tom drove through town with his handbrake on, without noticing it.
Tom drove to Boston by himself.
Tom drove to Boston in a car that he borrowed from one of his friends.
Tom drove to Boston in three hours.
Tom drove to Boston last Monday.
Tom drove to Boston last weekend.
Tom drove to Boston to attend a conference.
Tom drove to Boston to meet Mary.
Tom drove to Boston to visit Mary.
Tom drove to Boston with Mary.
Tom drove to Boston.
Tom drove to Mary's home.
Tom drove to Mary's house.
Tom drove to school.
Tom drove to the airport to meet Mary.
Tom drove to the bank to deposit the money he'd just been paid.
Tom drove to the bank to deposit the money that he'd just been paid.
Tom drove to the city.
Tom drove to the dance in his father's jalopy.
Tom drove to the dance in his father's old car.
Tom drove to the hospital as fast as he could.
Tom drove to the hospital.
Tom drove to the hotel.
Tom drove to the house instead of the apartment because he had a senior moment.
Tom drove to the lake.
Tom drove to the mall.
Tom drove to the petrol station to fuel his car.
Tom drove to the police station and turned himself in.
Tom drove to the police station as fast as he could.
Tom drove to the post office.
Tom drove to the store and bought three cans of insect spray.
Tom drove to the supermarket to buy some milk and eggs.
Tom drove to the supermarket.
Tom drove to work this morning.
Tom drove to work.
Tom drove too fast in the curve and landed in the ditch.
Tom drove too quickly and had an accident.
Tom drove us around Boston.
Tom drove us back home.
Tom drove us crazy.
Tom drove us here.
Tom drove us home.
Tom drove us to Boston.
Tom drove us to school.
Tom drove very carefully.
Tom drove very fast.
Tom drove.
Tom drowned Mary's cat.
Tom drowned Mary.
Tom drowned his neighbor's cat.
Tom drowned in Lake Superior three years ago.
Tom drowned in his bathtub.
Tom drowned in his neighbor's pool.
Tom drowned in his neighbor's swimming pool.
Tom drowned in his own swimming pool.
Tom drowned in his pool last week.
Tom drowned in his pool.
Tom drowned in his swimming pool.
Tom drowned in the harbor.
Tom drowned in the ocean.
Tom drowned in the river.
Tom drowned in the swimming pool.
Tom drowned in this lake.
Tom drowned trying to swim to the other side of the river.
Tom drowned while skin diving in Australia.
Tom drowned while swimming in the river.
Tom drowned.
Tom drugged Mary with LSD.
Tom drugged Mary's drink.
Tom drugged Mary.
Tom drummed his fingers on the table nervously.
Tom drummed his fingers on the table.
Tom drummed on the desk.
Tom drummed on the table with his pencil, bored.
Tom drummed with his fingers.
Tom drummed.
Tom drunk too much last night.
Tom ducked Mary's punch.
Tom ducked behind a car.
Tom ducked behind the couch.
Tom ducked behind the door.
Tom ducked down behind his car.
Tom ducked down behind his desk.
Tom ducked down.
Tom ducked for cover.
Tom ducked his head.
Tom ducked into the alley.
Tom ducked into the restroom.
Tom ducked out the door.
Tom ducked under the low-hanging branches.
Tom ducked under the railing and stepped out into the alley.
Tom dug a big hole in his backyard.
Tom dug a big hole in the garden.
Tom dug a black hole.
Tom dug a deep hole in the forest.
Tom dug a deep hole in the garden.
Tom dug a deep hole.
Tom dug a grave for his cat.
Tom dug a grave for his dog.
Tom dug a hole in his backyard with the shovel Mary had given him.
Tom dug a hole in his backyard.
Tom dug a hole in his front yard.
Tom dug a hole in the backyard.
Tom dug a hole in the middle of his mashed potatoes.
Tom dug a hole in the sand.
Tom dug a hole to bury his dog.
Tom dug a hole with a pick and a shovel.
Tom dug a hole.
Tom dug a tunnel with a tea spoon from the prison.
Tom dug something up.
Tom dug three holes.
Tom dug through his closet looking for something.
Tom dug through his pockets looking for money.
Tom dug through the ashes to see what he could find.
Tom dug through the wall of his cell.
Tom dug up Mary's body.
Tom dug up something.
Tom dug up the potatoes.
Tom dumped Mary for Alice.
Tom dumped Mary for a younger woman.
Tom dumped Mary for another woman.
Tom dumped Mary on Valentine's Day.
Tom dumped Mary's body in the river.
Tom dumped Mary's body in the woods.
Tom dumped Mary's body into the hole he had dug previously.
Tom dumped Mary.
Tom dumped Marys body into the hole he had dug previously.
Tom dumped a bucket of water on Mary.
Tom dumped a bucket of water on the fire to put it out.
Tom dumped everything out of the box.
Tom dumped her.
Tom dumped his girlfriend.
Tom dumped me over the phone.
Tom dumped me.
Tom dumped out the contents of the box.
Tom dumped the contents of his briefcase out on the table.
Tom dumped the contents out of the box.
Tom dumped the puck in.
Tom dunked his croissant into his coffee.
Tom dunked the Oreo in milk for too long and it became soggy.
Tom duped us.
Tom dusted himself off.
Tom dusted off the coffee table.
Tom dusted off the old lamp.
Tom dusted the snow from his jacket.
Tom dusted the snow from his pants.
Tom dusted the snow from the sleeves of his jacket.
Tom dyed his hair black.
Tom dyed his hair blue.
Tom dyed his hair bright red.
Tom dyed his hair brown.
Tom dyed his hair dark brown.
Tom dyed his hair gray so he'd look older.
Tom dyed his hair green.
Tom dyed his hair the same color as Mary's.
Tom dyed his hair.
Tom dyed his old T-shirt blue.
Tom dyes his hair, doesn't he?
Tom dyes his hair.
Tom eagerly ate the apple I gave him.
Tom eagerly ate the sandwich that the fireman gave him.
Tom eagerly finished up what was left of the champagne and chicken pie.
Tom earned a degree in business.
Tom earned a full scholarship to college.
Tom earned a lot of money last year.
Tom earned a lot of money selling soap.
Tom earned a lot of money.
Tom earned a merit badge.
Tom earned good money when he lived in Australia.
Tom earned good money when he lived in Boston.
Tom earned good money working in Australia.
Tom earned good money.
Tom earned his doctorate at Harvard.
Tom earned his doctorate in 2013.
Tom earned his doctorate in Australia.
Tom earned his doctorate in Boston.
Tom earned his living as a carpenter.
Tom earned his living as a guitarist.
Tom earned his living as a teacher.
Tom earned it.
Tom earned money babysitting.
Tom earned money by delivering newspapers.
Tom earned money by mowing lawns in the neighborhood.
Tom earned money by mowing lawns in the neighbourhood.
Tom earned money by mowing lawns.
Tom earned money by playing his guitar on street corners.
Tom earned money by working at the local supermarket.
Tom earned money delivering newspapers.
Tom earned money.
Tom earned quite a lot of money doing that.
Tom earned quite a lot of money last summer.
Tom earned some money by mowing lawns.
Tom earns $300,000 a year.
Tom earns a good living doing that.
Tom earns a good living.
Tom earns a good salary.
Tom earns a great deal.
Tom earns a living as a writer.
Tom earns a lot more than I do.
Tom earns a lot more than me.
Tom earns a lot of money.
Tom earns a lot.
Tom earns a six-figure salary.
Tom earns about $300 a day.
Tom earns about $300 a month working part time.
Tom earns about $300,000 annually.
Tom earns about three hundred dollars a day.
Tom earns almost three thousand euros.
Tom earns double my salary.
Tom earns good money.
Tom earns his living as a carpenter.
Tom earns his living as a guitarist.
Tom earns his living as a street musician.
Tom earns his living as a teacher.
Tom earns his living by renting apartments.
Tom earns just under $3,000 a month.
Tom earns less than $1 million per year.
Tom earns less than $10,000 per year.
Tom earns less than $100,000 per year.
Tom earns money by mowing lawns.
Tom earns more money in a day than Mary earns in a year.
Tom earns more money in an hour than I do in a week.
Tom earns more money per hour than I do per week.
Tom earns more than $1 million per year.
Tom earns more than $10,000 per year.
Tom earns more than $100,000 per year.
Tom earns more than a million dollars a year.
Tom earns more than both of his parents combined.
Tom earns more than his parents.
Tom earns only a fraction of what Mary earns.
Tom earns the money, but it's managed by his wife Mary.
Tom earns thirty dollars an hour.
Tom earns three hundred dollars a day.
Tom earns three hundred dollars an hour.
Tom earns three thousand dollars a month.
Tom earns three times as much as I do.
Tom earns three times as much as Mary does.
Tom earns three times as much as Mary.
Tom earns three times as much as me.
Tom earns three times more than I do.
Tom earns three times more than me.
Tom earns three times what I do.
Tom earns twice as much as I do.
Tom earns twice as much as Mary does.
Tom earns twice as much as Mary.
Tom earns twice as much as me.
Tom earns twice my salary.
Tom easily convinced Mary that he was innocent.
Tom easily gets bored.
Tom easily gets distracted.
Tom easily got ahead of us.
Tom easily guessed Mary's password.
Tom easily guessed Marys password.
Tom easily learned the basic rules of the game.
Tom easily solved the problems.
Tom easily solved the puzzle.
Tom easily won.
Tom eats a banana.
Tom eats a big breakfast every morning.
Tom eats a healthy breakfast every morning.
Tom eats a lot despite appearances.
Tom eats a lot junk food.
Tom eats a lot more than Mary does.
Tom eats a lot more than Mary.
Tom eats a lot of Chinese food.
Tom eats a lot of brown rice.
Tom eats a lot of candy.
Tom eats a lot of chocolate.
Tom eats a lot of fast food.
Tom eats a lot of fish.
Tom eats a lot of fruit.
Tom eats a lot of ice cream.
Tom eats a lot of junk food.
Tom eats a lot of meat, which isn't good for his health.
Tom eats a lot of meat.
Tom eats a lot of popcorn.
Tom eats a lot of rice.
Tom eats a lot of seaweed.
Tom eats a lot of soup.
Tom eats a lot, doesn't he?
Tom eats a lot.
Tom eats a peanut butter sandwich for lunch every day.
Tom eats a plant-based diet.
Tom eats a sandwich every day for lunch.
Tom eats a sandwich for lunch every day.
Tom eats a standard American diet (SAD).
Tom eats a ton of plants every day.
Tom eats almost anything.
Tom eats almost everything.
Tom eats alone in front of his computer.
Tom eats an apple every day.
Tom eats an awful lot of junk food.
Tom eats an awful lot.
Tom eats an incredible amount.
Tom eats an orange.
Tom eats any vegetable except cabbage.
Tom eats anything Mary puts in front of him.
Tom eats anything his wife puts in front of him.
Tom eats anything that Mary puts on the table.
Tom eats anything.
Tom eats apples without peeling them.
Tom eats asparagus, but his brother doesn't.
Tom eats asparagus, but his brother doesnt.
Tom eats at his desk all day.
Tom eats at least three bowls of rice every day.
Tom eats bread much more often than I do.
Tom eats bread.
Tom eats breakfast at 6 in the morning every day.
Tom eats breakfast every morning at 6:00.
Tom eats breakfast every morning at six o'clock.
Tom eats breakfast every morning at six.
Tom eats breakfast every morning.
Tom eats breakfast with his kids every morning.
Tom eats breakfast with his mother.
Tom eats brown rice more often than Mary does.
Tom eats brown rice more often than he eats white rice.
Tom eats brown rice more often than white rice.
Tom eats cat food.
Tom eats cereal for breakfast.
Tom eats chocolate almost every day.
Tom eats chocolate every day.
Tom eats chocolate ice cream whenever he can.
Tom eats chocolate whenever he can.
Tom eats cup ramen every night.
Tom eats eggs for breakfast almost every day.
Tom eats eggs without salt or pepper.
Tom eats everything that his mother gives him.
Tom eats faster than Mary does.
Tom eats faster than Mary.
Tom eats fish at least once a week.
Tom eats fish on Fridays.
Tom eats fish twice a week.
Tom eats fish, but Mary doesn't.
Tom eats fish.
Tom eats food out of the trash.
Tom eats food when he is hungry. He thinks this is normal.
Tom eats from Mary's hand.
Tom eats fruit.
Tom eats ham, but Mary doesn't.
Tom eats healthier food now than he used to.
Tom eats here almost every day.
Tom eats hotdogs every chance he gets.
Tom eats hotdogs whenever he can.
Tom eats in the cafeteria three times a week.
Tom eats in the canteen every day.
Tom eats in the kitchen.
Tom eats instant ramen every day.
Tom eats instant ramen every night.
Tom eats junk food.
Tom eats just about anything.
Tom eats less than Mary does.
Tom eats less than Mary.
Tom eats less than you might think.
Tom eats like a bird.
Tom eats like a horse.
Tom eats like a mouse.
Tom eats like a pig and he looks like one, too.
Tom eats like a pig.
Tom eats lots of ice cream.
Tom eats lots of meat.
Tom eats lunch at his desk.
Tom eats lunch at home every day.
Tom eats lunch at noon.
Tom eats lunch at the school cafeteria two or three times a week.
Tom eats lunch at the small restaurant around the corner almost every day.
Tom eats lunch at this restaurant quite often.
Tom eats lunch by himself every day.
Tom eats lunch earlier than the rest of us.
Tom eats lunch every day at noon.
Tom eats lunch here at least once a week.
Tom eats lunch here from time to time.
Tom eats lunch here once a week.
Tom eats lunch here quite often.
Tom eats lunch here sometimes.
Tom eats lunch in the school cafeteria.
Tom eats lunch near the office where he works.
Tom eats lunch with Mary almost every day.
Tom eats lunch with Mary every day.
Tom eats lunch with Mary.
Tom eats mangoes without peeling them.
Tom eats meat with meat.
Tom eats meat, but Mary doesn't.
Tom eats meat.
Tom eats more bacon than Mary.
Tom eats more fish in a week than I eat in a year.
Tom eats more food than Mary does.
Tom eats more ice cream than I do.
Tom eats more than I do.
Tom eats more than Mary does.
Tom eats more than Mary.
Tom eats more than his father.
Tom eats mostly fruits and vegetables, and only eats meat about once a week.
Tom eats natt every morning.
Tom eats nothing but fruit.
Tom eats nothing but fruits and vegetables.
Tom eats nothing but his mother's cooking.
Tom eats nothing but his mothers cooking.
Tom eats nothing but vegetables.
Tom eats nothing but white meat.
Tom eats oatmeal for breakfast.
Tom eats only meat.
Tom eats only raw vegetables.
Tom eats only what he wants to eat.
Tom eats only white meat.
Tom eats out a lot.
Tom eats out all the time.
Tom eats out almost every day.
Tom eats out almost every evening.
Tom eats out almost every night.
Tom eats out at least three times a month.
Tom eats out of Mary's hand.
Tom eats out quite frequently.
Tom eats out three times a week.
Tom eats pizza whenever he can.
Tom eats pizza with a fork, but Mary eats it with her hands.
Tom eats plant-based sausages only.
Tom eats pork.
Tom eats potatoes almost every day.
Tom eats potatoes every day.
Tom eats protein after every workout.
Tom eats raspberries.
Tom eats rice almost every day, but Mary hardly ever eats rice.
Tom eats rice almost every day.
Tom eats rice at least once a day.
Tom eats rice at least twice a day.
Tom eats rice every day.
Tom eats rice with a spoon; Mary, in contrast, prefers chopsticks.
Tom eats rice.
Tom eats slowly.
Tom eats spinach, but Mary doesn't.
Tom eats steak every chance he gets.
Tom eats steak every chance that he gets.
Tom eats strawberries.
Tom eats the same food day in and day out.
Tom eats the same food every day.
Tom eats the same thing every day.
Tom eats the same thing for breakfast every day.
Tom eats the same thing for lunch every day.
Tom eats three dates a day.
Tom eats tofu quite often because he heard that it was healthy.
Tom eats too fast.
Tom eats too much candy.
Tom eats too much junk food.
Tom eats too much.
Tom eats too quickly.
Tom eats turnips raw.
Tom eats twice as much as Mary does.
Tom eats twice as much as Mary.
Tom eats very little.
Tom eats very quickly.
Tom eats way too much red meat.
Tom eats what we eat.
Tom eats when he is stressed.
Tom eats when he's nervous.
Tom eats when he's stressed.
Tom eats with his friends.
Tom eats with his left hand, but he writes with his right.
Tom eats with his left hand, but writes with his right.
Tom eats, sleeps and breathes baseball.
Tom eats, sleeps and breathes music.
Tom eavesdropped on Mary and John's conversation.
Tom edged backwards.
Tom edited the video and then uploaded it to his website.
Tom either plays the clarinet or the oboe. I can't remember which.
Tom either speaks French or he doesn't.
Tom either wears a gray suit or dark blue suit to work every day.
Tom elaborated on the point.
Tom elbowed his way through the crowd.
Tom elbowed me in the face.
Tom elbowed me in the ribs.
Tom eluded Mary.
Tom emailed Mary the pictures he took at her party.
Tom emailed Mary.
Tom emailed me.
Tom emailed the provost with his complaint.
Tom emancipated one of his slaves.
Tom embarrassed Mary.
Tom embarrassed himself.
Tom embarrassed me in front of my friends.
Tom embarrassed me.
Tom embezzled money from the company.
Tom embezzled more than a million dollars from his company.
Tom embraced Mary.
Tom embraced his father.
Tom embraced his son.
Tom embraces Marie.
Tom embraces the new.
Tom emerged from his slumber.
Tom emerged from the crash unharmed.
Tom emerged from the crowd.
Tom emerged from the door.
Tom emerged from the grave.
Tom emerged from the kitchen.
Tom emerged from the shadows.
Tom emerged the victor.
Tom emigrated to Australia in 2013.
Tom emigrated to Australia when he was thirty.
Tom emigrated to Australia.
Tom employed Mary to be his assistant.
Tom employed Vladimir at his company.
Tom employed a maid.
Tom employs a maid.
Tom employs more than thirty people.
Tom employs three people.
Tom emptied everything out of the box.
Tom emptied his bank account.
Tom emptied his glass.
Tom emptied his piggy bank to buy Mary a gift.
Tom emptied his pockets.
Tom emptied the ashtray.
Tom emptied the box of its contents.
Tom emptied the bucket of water.
Tom emptied the container.
Tom emptied the contents of the sack onto the table.
Tom emptied the garbage.
Tom emptied the sack.
Tom emptied the trash.
Tom emptied the waste basket.
Tom emptied the wastebasket into the incinerator.
Tom emptied the water out of the bottle before he refilled it with fresh water.
Tom enabled me to go there.
Tom enchanted Mary.
Tom encountered Mary for the first time three years ago.
Tom encountered some unexpected problems.
Tom encouraged Mary to apply for the job.
Tom encouraged Mary to apply to med school.
Tom encouraged Mary to buy a hybrid car.
Tom encouraged Mary to do her best.
Tom encouraged Mary to do that.
Tom encouraged Mary to get into frequent bar fights.
Tom encouraged Mary to go to Australia to visit her parents.
Tom encouraged Mary to go to Australia.
Tom encouraged Mary to go to Boston to visit her parents.
Tom encouraged Mary to go to Boston.
Tom encouraged Mary to go to college.
Tom encouraged Mary to keep writing.
Tom encouraged Mary to learn French.
Tom encouraged Mary to learn how to speak French.
Tom encouraged Mary to leave right away.
Tom encouraged Mary to stop doing that.
Tom encouraged Mary to stop smoking.
Tom encouraged Mary to study French.
Tom encouraged Mary to take ukulele lessons.
Tom encouraged Mary to try again.
Tom encouraged Mary to turn herself in to the police.
Tom encouraged Mary to work faster.
Tom encouraged Mary to write a letter to her parents.
Tom encouraged Mary to write a novel.
Tom encouraged Mary to write about her experiences.
Tom encouraged Mary to write songs.
Tom encouraged Mary.
Tom encouraged everybody to do their best.
Tom encouraged everyone to come.
Tom encouraged everyone to do their best.
Tom encouraged his son to study French.
Tom encouraged his students to speak French outside the classroom.
Tom encouraged his students.
Tom encouraged me to apply for the job.
Tom encouraged me to apply to Harvard.
Tom encouraged me to do that.
Tom encouraged me to give it another try.
Tom encouraged me to go there.
Tom encouraged me to go to Australia.
Tom encouraged me to go to Boston.
Tom encouraged me to learn French.
Tom encouraged me to speak French.
Tom encouraged me to study French.
Tom encouraged me to try again.
Tom encouraged our efforts.
Tom encouraged us to do that.
Tom encouraged us to do this.
Tom encouraged us to study French.
Tom encourages Mary to explore new subjects she's curious about.
Tom encourages his pupils.
Tom endangered our safety.
Tom ended his friendship with Maria.
Tom ended his letter, "Your dear friend."
Tom ended his life by jumping off a bridge.
Tom ended his own life.
Tom ended his relationship with Mary.
Tom ended his speech with a joke.
Tom ended in second place.
Tom ended it.
Tom ended the call.
Tom ended the relationship.
Tom ended the season with thirteen goals.
Tom ended their suffering.
Tom ended up agreeing to do that.
Tom ended up asking Mary to help him.
Tom ended up asking Mary to the dance, even though he said that he wouldn't.
Tom ended up becoming my best friend.
Tom ended up becoming the owner of the company.
Tom ended up behind bars.
Tom ended up being a freelancer.
Tom ended up calling Mary and asking her to help.
Tom ended up calling the police.
Tom ended up committing suicide.
Tom ended up crying.
Tom ended up dead.
Tom ended up despising Mary.
Tom ended up doing it.
Tom ended up doing that by himself.
Tom ended up doing that last night.
Tom ended up doing that the way Mary suggested.
Tom ended up doing that.
Tom ended up doing what he said he wouldn't do.
Tom ended up dying.
Tom ended up falling asleep.
Tom ended up falling back asleep.
Tom ended up getting Mary's job.
Tom ended up getting a good job.
Tom ended up getting arrested.
Tom ended up getting fired.
Tom ended up getting injured.
Tom ended up getting kicked off the team.
Tom ended up getting married to Mary.
Tom ended up getting paid much less than he expected.
Tom ended up going by himself.
Tom ended up going himself.
Tom ended up going to Harvard.
Tom ended up homeless.
Tom ended up in Australia.
Tom ended up in Boston.
Tom ended up in an inescapable situation.
Tom ended up in detention.
Tom ended up in jail.
Tom ended up in prison.
Tom ended up in second place.
Tom ended up in the emergency room.
Tom ended up in the hospital.
Tom ended up in third place.
Tom ended up inviting Mary to his party.
Tom ended up leaving early.
Tom ended up living on the streets.
Tom ended up looking like an idiot.
Tom ended up losing money.
Tom ended up losing that job.
Tom ended up losing.
Tom ended up marrying Mary after all.
Tom ended up moving back to Australia.
Tom ended up moving to Australia.
Tom ended up moving to Boston.
Tom ended up not buying that house on Park Street.
Tom ended up not buying the car he was considering buying.
Tom ended up not buying the car he was looking at last week.
Tom ended up not buying the car that he was looking at last week.
Tom ended up not buying the house he was thinking about buying.
Tom ended up not coming.
Tom ended up not doing what he said he was going to do.
Tom ended up not getting paid anything.
Tom ended up not getting paid as much as he expected.
Tom ended up not getting paid at all.
Tom ended up not going to Boston.
Tom ended up selling his car to a junkyard.
Tom ended up sitting next to Mary.
Tom ended up sleeping in his car.
Tom ended up stopping smoking.
Tom ended up studying French.
Tom ended up taking the job that they offered him.
Tom ended up walking all the way home.
Tom ended up walking home last night.
Tom ended up walking home.
Tom ended up winning the race.
Tom ended up winning.
Tom endured the pain.
Tom endured to the bitter end.
Tom endured years of suffering.
Tom enjoyed Australia.
Tom enjoyed Boston.
Tom enjoyed Mary's company.
Tom enjoyed Mary's story.
Tom enjoyed Marys company.
Tom enjoyed a glass of wine.
Tom enjoyed being a celebrity.
Tom enjoyed being at the beach.
Tom enjoyed conspiracies so much that he paid Mary to write them in her spare time.
Tom enjoyed cycling.
Tom enjoyed dancing with Mary.
Tom enjoyed diving into the deep blue ocean.
Tom enjoyed doing that.
Tom enjoyed doing this.
Tom enjoyed fishing with his father.
Tom enjoyed flirting with Mary.
Tom enjoyed game of beach volleyball with his friends at the park.
Tom enjoyed going for walks with Mary.
Tom enjoyed himself a lot at the party.
Tom enjoyed himself at the concert.
Tom enjoyed himself at the dance last weekend.
Tom enjoyed himself at the party.
Tom enjoyed himself.
Tom enjoyed his holiday in Spain.
Tom enjoyed his stay at our place.
Tom enjoyed his stay in Australia.
Tom enjoyed his stay in Boston.
Tom enjoyed his stay.
Tom enjoyed his time at the university program.
Tom enjoyed his trip to France much more because he had spent the summer brushing up his French.
Tom enjoyed his trip to France much more than Mary because his command of French was better than hers.
Tom enjoyed his vacation in Spain.
Tom enjoyed it.
Tom enjoyed kayaking along the coast.
Tom enjoyed learning French.
Tom enjoyed learning about the island's history from a local guide.
Tom enjoyed life.
Tom enjoyed looking at the paintings hanging on Mary's wall.
Tom enjoyed looking at the paintings hanging on Marys wall.
Tom enjoyed playing baseball with his friends.
Tom enjoyed playing baseball.
Tom enjoyed playing beach volleyball with his friends.
Tom enjoyed reading Mary's letters.
Tom enjoyed school.
Tom enjoyed spending time with Mary.
Tom enjoyed staying at his grandparents' farm.
Tom enjoyed studying French.
Tom enjoyed swimming in the lake.
Tom enjoyed taking photos of the colorful marine life.
Tom enjoyed talking to Mary.
Tom enjoyed talking with Mary.
Tom enjoyed that video.
Tom enjoyed that.
Tom enjoyed the challenge.
Tom enjoyed the corporate event.
Tom enjoyed the crackers.
Tom enjoyed the fresh seafood served by the beach.
Tom enjoyed the fresh tropical fruit served for breakfast.
Tom enjoyed the meal.
Tom enjoyed the movie.
Tom enjoyed the party.
Tom enjoyed the show.
Tom enjoyed the story Mary told him and the other children.
Tom enjoyed the story that Mary told him and the other children.
Tom enjoyed the time he spent in Australia with Mary.
Tom enjoyed the time he spent in Boston with Mary.
Tom enjoyed the trip.
Tom enjoyed visiting Boston.
Tom enjoyed working for Mary.
Tom enjoyed working on the farm.
Tom enjoys a glass of wine every now and then.
Tom enjoys a good challenge.
Tom enjoys babysitting.
Tom enjoys barbecuing.
Tom enjoys being a celebrity.
Tom enjoys being home with his family on weekends.
Tom enjoys being in Australia.
Tom enjoys being in Boston.
Tom enjoys being outdoors.
Tom enjoys being outside.
Tom enjoys being pegged.
Tom enjoys being the boss.
Tom enjoys being the center of attention.
Tom enjoys being with Mary.
Tom enjoys chess.
Tom enjoys cooking.
Tom enjoys cruising around in his car.
Tom enjoys dancing.
Tom enjoys discussing books with Mary to gain new perspectives.
Tom enjoys doing that kind of thing.
Tom enjoys doing that with his family.
Tom enjoys doing that.
Tom enjoys drinking with his friends.
Tom enjoys eating out.
Tom enjoys everything he does.
Tom enjoys evoking strong emotions from people.
Tom enjoys fishing on the river.
Tom enjoys fishing trips.
Tom enjoys fishing.
Tom enjoys flirting with Mary.
Tom enjoys gardening.
Tom enjoys giving people a hard time.
Tom enjoys going fishing with his father.
Tom enjoys going to concerts with Mary.
Tom enjoys going to concerts.
Tom enjoys going to school.
Tom enjoys going to the beach with his family.
Tom enjoys going to the beach.
Tom enjoys going to the theater.
Tom enjoys hanging out with Mary.
Tom enjoys helping people.
Tom enjoys himself at everything he does.
Tom enjoys his classes.
Tom enjoys his work.
Tom enjoys horseback riding.
Tom enjoys insulting people.
Tom enjoys kayaking.
Tom enjoys life to the fullest.
Tom enjoys listening to classical music.
Tom enjoys listening to heavy metal.
Tom enjoys listening to live music.
Tom enjoys listening to podcasts.
Tom enjoys listening to punk rock.
Tom enjoys manipulating people.
Tom enjoys mountain climbing.
Tom enjoys movies.
Tom enjoys playing baseball.
Tom enjoys playing chess with Mary.
Tom enjoys playing chess.
Tom enjoys playing computer games.
Tom enjoys playing golf.
Tom enjoys playing sports.
Tom enjoys playing tennis.
Tom enjoys playing the flute.
Tom enjoys playing the piano.
Tom enjoys playing the violin.
Tom enjoys playing tricks on me.
Tom enjoys reading French literature.
Tom enjoys reading books in French.
Tom enjoys reading books.
Tom enjoys reading comic books.
Tom enjoys reading detective stories.
Tom enjoys reading doom porn websites and now our home computer is infected.
Tom enjoys reading fairy tales.
Tom enjoys reading novels.
Tom enjoys reading.
Tom enjoys riding his bicycle.
Tom enjoys riding horses.
Tom enjoys rowing.
Tom enjoys sailing.
Tom enjoys school.
Tom enjoys sharing his latest discoveries with Mary.
Tom enjoys showing everyone how strong he is.
Tom enjoys singing.
Tom enjoys sitting on his porch, watching people walking by.
Tom enjoys skiing.
Tom enjoys skydiving and scuba diving.
Tom enjoys snorkeling in the clear blue water.
Tom enjoys speaking French.
Tom enjoys spending time alone.
Tom enjoys spending time in little space because he doesn't understand why adults are so drawn to conflict and anger.
Tom enjoys spending time with Mary.
Tom enjoys studying French.
Tom enjoys supporting his local football team.
Tom enjoys supporting his local soccer team.
Tom enjoys swimming almost as much as he enjoys skiing.
Tom enjoys swimming.
Tom enjoys taking a nap in the early afternoon.
Tom enjoys taking pictures.
Tom enjoys talking about himself.
Tom enjoys talking to Mary.
Tom enjoys teaching French.
Tom enjoys teaching teachers how to teach better.
Tom enjoys teasing Mary.
Tom enjoys telling jokes.
Tom enjoys that.
Tom enjoys the collaborative process of learning with Mary.
Tom enjoys the fresh air.
Tom enjoys traveling alone.
Tom enjoys traveling.
Tom enjoys travelling alone.
Tom enjoys travelling.
Tom enjoys trying new things.
Tom enjoys visiting Boston.
Tom enjoys walking his dog.
Tom enjoys walking to work.
Tom enjoys watching TV.
Tom enjoys watching baseball games on TV with his grandfather.
Tom enjoys watching baseball on TV.
Tom enjoys watching basketball games on TV.
Tom enjoys watching basketball.
Tom enjoys watching old black and white movies on YouTube.
Tom enjoys watching people do things that he can't do.
Tom enjoys watching people.
Tom enjoys watching spaghetti westerns.
Tom enjoys watching sports on TV.
Tom enjoys watching the athletics on the television.
Tom enjoys what he does.
Tom enjoys what he is doing.
Tom enjoys what he's doing.
Tom enjoys when Mary challenges his ideas in a constructive way.
Tom enjoys woodworking.
Tom enjoys working here, I think.
Tom enjoys working in the garden.
Tom enjoys working with wood.
Tom enjoys writing in French.
Tom enjoys your company.
Tom enlisted in the Army in 2013.
Tom enlisted in the Army.
Tom enlisted in the Marines after graduating from high school.
Tom enlisted in the Space Force Reserve.
Tom enlisted in the Space Force.
Tom enlisted in the army in 2013.
Tom enlisted in the army when he was 18 year old.
Tom enlisted in the army.
Tom enlisted in the service.
Tom enlisted.
Tom enrolled Mary in a karate class.
Tom enrolled his children in a Kabyle school.
Tom enrolled in a French course.
Tom enrolled in a language course. He wants to learn German.
Tom enrolled in night classes at a local college.
Tom enrolled me in that course without my consent.
Tom entered Mary's house.
Tom entered Mary's office after knocking.
Tom entered a not guilty plea.
Tom entered a plea of not guilty.
Tom entered a singing contest.
Tom entered his office and saw a box on his desk.
Tom entered his password.
Tom entered my house.
Tom entered the Church of Satan.
Tom entered the abandoned house.
Tom entered the bank.
Tom entered the bar and sat on the stool next to Mary.
Tom entered the bedroom quietly.
Tom entered the building through an unlocked window.
Tom entered the building unnoticed.
Tom entered the building.
Tom entered the bunker.
Tom entered the cafeteria.
Tom entered the cave.
Tom entered the church.
Tom entered the classroom, carrying his bicycle helmet.
Tom entered the conference room, carrying a clipboard.
Tom entered the conference room, carrying a large cardboard box full of documents.
Tom entered the country illegally.
Tom entered the crowded restaurant.
Tom entered the dark room and flipped the light switch.
Tom entered the dark room and turned on the lights.
Tom entered the dark room without hesitation.
Tom entered the dining room, carrying a tray.
Tom entered the empty room and immediately noticed a lit cigarette in the ashtray.
Tom entered the forest.
Tom entered the house silently because he was afraid to wake up Maria.
Tom entered the house through an open window.
Tom entered the house through the front door.
Tom entered the house through the window.
Tom entered the house.
Tom entered the kitchen carrying a box of groceries.
Tom entered the kitchen.
Tom entered the library.
Tom entered the lift and pressed the button for the second floor.
Tom entered the lobby and found Mary waiting.
Tom entered the office carrying an armload of mail.
Tom entered the password.
Tom entered the priesthood in 2013.
Tom entered the restaurant where he eats about three times a week.
Tom entered the restaurant.
Tom entered the room after Mary.
Tom entered the room after you left.
Tom entered the room and closed the door.
Tom entered the room and shut the door behind him.
Tom entered the room and turned on the lights.
Tom entered the room carrying a briefcase.
Tom entered the room first.
Tom entered the room nervously.
Tom entered the room with Mary.
Tom entered the room with a sheet of paper in his hand.
Tom entered the room with his arm in a sling.
Tom entered the room with his gun drawn.
Tom entered the room without hesitation.
Tom entered the room without knocking.
Tom entered the room, carrying a book.
Tom entered the room, carrying two pizzas.
Tom entered the room, holding a sheet of paper.
Tom entered the room.
Tom entered the shaft.
Tom entered the teachers' room even though students weren't supposed to.
Tom entered the tunnel.
Tom entered the unlocked apartment without knocking.
Tom entered through a columned portico.
Tom entered through the back door.
Tom entered through the window.
Tom entered without greeting me.
Tom entered without hesitation.
Tom entered without knocking.
Tom enters the park with the children.
Tom entertained Mary.
Tom entertained the children by singing.
Tom entertained the children by tap dancing.
Tom entertained the children by telling them some jokes.
Tom entertained the children.
Tom entertained us by telling us some funny stories.
Tom entertained us by telling us some ghost stories.
Tom entertained us by telling us some jokes.
Tom entertained us with a few funny stories.
Tom enticed them with promises.
Tom entrusted me with an important job.
Tom entrusted me with an important task.
Tom envied Mary's faith.
Tom envied Mary's good fortune.
Tom envied Mary's good luck.
Tom envied Mary's luck.
Tom envied Mary's patience.
Tom envied Mary's religious conviction.
Tom envied Mary's stamp collection.
Tom envied Mary's success.
Tom envied Mary.
Tom envied his friend.
Tom envied my success.
Tom envies Maria's professional success.
Tom envies Mary's professional success.
Tom envies Mary's success.
Tom envies Mary.
Tom envies his neighbors.
Tom envies you.
Tom equalised in the 25th minute.
Tom equalised in the twenty-fifth minute.
Tom equipped his bark with both sails and oars, so that even if there were no wind blowing, he could still row back to the dock.
Tom erased the sentence and rewrote it.
Tom erased what he had written.
Tom escaped a few minutes ago.
Tom escaped by the skin of his teeth.
Tom escaped easily.
Tom escaped from a state penitentiary.
Tom escaped from his cell.
Tom escaped from jail through a tunnel.
Tom escaped from prison about a year ago.
Tom escaped from prison after serving three years.
Tom escaped from prison through a tunnel that he dug himself.
Tom escaped from prison through a tunnel that he found.
Tom escaped from prison.
Tom escaped from several prisons.
Tom escaped from the castle, disguised as a woman.
Tom escaped from the danger.
Tom escaped from the dungeon.
Tom escaped from the hospital.
Tom escaped in a stolen car.
Tom escaped injury.
Tom escaped into the woods.
Tom escaped on Monday.
Tom escaped soon after being captured.
Tom escaped the attentions of bullies at secondary school because he was good at football.
Tom escaped the danger.
Tom escaped the gun battle alive and well.
Tom escaped through the back door.
Tom escaped through the window.
Tom escaped to Australia.
Tom escaped unhurt.
Tom escaped unscathed from the accident.
Tom escaped unscathed from the wreckage.
Tom escaped with Mary.
Tom escaped with a broken arm.
Tom escaped with minor injuries.
Tom escaped with only a few cuts and bruises.
Tom escaped with the briefcase.
Tom escaped with the help of a guard.
Tom escaped, but he was soon caught.
Tom escaped, but he was soon recaptured.
Tom escaped.
Tom escapes from his increasingly oppressive life by victimizing people worse off than him.
Tom escorted Mary home.
Tom escorted Mary out of the building.
Tom escorted Mary to her room.
Tom escorted Mary to the dance.
Tom escorted Mary to the door.
Tom escorted Mary to the party.
Tom escorted Mary.
Tom especially likes classical music.
Tom especially likes going to Italian restaurants.
Tom evaded the question.
Tom even argued with the judge.
Tom even attempted suicide.
Tom even learnt some Turkish in Germany.
Tom even likes cold pizza.
Tom even looked behind the door.
Tom even tried to learn how to play the bassoon.
Tom even worked as a taxi driver in Australia.
Tom even worked as a taxi driver in Boston.
Tom even wrote me poems.
Tom eventually admitted he'd done that.
Tom eventually admitted that he'd done that.
Tom eventually agreed.
Tom eventually asked the question he came here to ask.
Tom eventually became Mary's husband.
Tom eventually became a doctor.
Tom eventually became an instructor.
Tom eventually broke down and confessed.
Tom eventually called Mary back.
Tom eventually calmed down.
Tom eventually changed his mind.
Tom eventually confessed.
Tom eventually decided to do that.
Tom eventually decided to try doing that.
Tom eventually did everything that we asked him to do.
Tom eventually did everything we asked him to do.
Tom eventually did that.
Tom eventually did what we asked him to do.
Tom eventually divorced Mary.
Tom eventually fell asleep.
Tom eventually figured out how to do that.
Tom eventually figured out how to install a free database application on his computer.
Tom eventually figured out how to open the box.
Tom eventually found Mary.
Tom eventually found a job that he liked.
Tom eventually found a job to his liking.
Tom eventually found a way out of the situation.
Tom eventually found his way home.
Tom eventually found out that Mary was stealing from the cash register.
Tom eventually found out what the problem was.
Tom eventually found out who did it.
Tom eventually found the solution.
Tom eventually gave up and went home.
Tom eventually gave up.
Tom eventually got used to it.
Tom eventually got used to the heat.
Tom eventually joined the navy.
Tom eventually learned what Mary was up to.
Tom eventually left Australia.
Tom eventually left Boston.
Tom eventually left.
Tom eventually managed to get rid of Mary.
Tom eventually moved to Australia.
Tom eventually moved to Boston.
Tom eventually pleaded guilty.
Tom eventually plucked up the courage and entered the cave.
Tom eventually plucked up the courage and went into the cave.
Tom eventually quit trying to do that.
Tom eventually quit trying.
Tom eventually realized that Mary didn't like him.
Tom eventually realized that the umbrella he was using wasn't his own.
Tom eventually realized the umbrella he was using wasn't his own.
Tom eventually resigned.
Tom eventually retired.
Tom eventually settled in Boston.
Tom eventually showed his true colors.
Tom eventually showed his true colours.
Tom eventually signed the document.
Tom eventually told Mary about what he'd done.
Tom eventually told Mary that he'd done that.
Tom eventually told me what I had to do.
Tom eventually told me what I needed to do.
Tom eventually told me what I ought to do.
Tom eventually told me what I should do.
Tom eventually told me what had happened.
Tom eventually told the truth.
Tom eventually told us everything he'd done.
Tom eventually told us what he'd done.
Tom eventually turned himself in.
Tom eventually was able to do that.
Tom eventually went back to Australia.
Tom eventually went back to Boston.
Tom eventually will have to do that.
Tom eventually will need to do that.
Tom eventually wound up in Australia.
Tom eventually wound up in Boston.
Tom evicted Mary from the house.
Tom evidently was here early this morning.
Tom exactly knows how it is supposed to be.
Tom exaggerated.
Tom exaggerates everything.
Tom exaggerates.
Tom examined Marie from head to toe.
Tom examined Marie from her head to toe.
Tom examined Mary's injury.
Tom examined all the possibilities.
Tom examined it carefully.
Tom examined it closely.
Tom examined it from top to bottom.
Tom examined it in his own laboratory.
Tom examined the contents of the box.
Tom examined the contents of the metal box.
Tom examined the evidence.
Tom examined the feather closely.
Tom examined the map with a magnifying glass.
Tom examined the new purchase.
Tom examined the objects on the table.
Tom examined the photo with a magnifying glass.
Tom examined the photograph with a magnifying glass.
Tom examined the rock with a magnifying glass.
Tom examines the rock with a magnifying glass.
Tom exceeded my expectations.
Tom exceeded the speed limit.
Tom excelled in his studies.
Tom excels both academically and athletically.
Tom excels in his field.
Tom excels in math.
Tom exchanged glances with Mary.
Tom exchanged greetings by giving his business card.
Tom exchanged his cow for three goats.
Tom exchanged his traveler's checks for cash.
Tom exchanged money at the bank.
Tom exchanged seats with Mary.
Tom exchanged the documents.
Tom exchanged the red shirt Mary had given him for a blue one.
Tom exchanges Christmas gifts.
Tom excitedly ripped open his gifts.
Tom excused himself and left the room.
Tom excused himself and left the table.
Tom excused himself and left.
Tom excused himself for being late.
Tom excused himself from the table.
Tom excused himself suddenly.
Tom excused himself to answer a phone call.
Tom excused himself to go to the bathroom.
Tom excused himself, and got up from the table.
Tom excused himself, and left the room.
Tom excused himself.
Tom excused himself. He needed the loo.
Tom exercised.
Tom exercises at home.
Tom exercises every day to keep fit.
Tom exercises every day to stay in shape.
Tom exercises for an hour each day.
Tom exercises regularly.
Tom exercises.
Tom exhaled loudly.
Tom exhaled nervously.
Tom exhaled quietly.
Tom exhaled sharply.
Tom exhaled slowly.
Tom exhaled.
Tom exists.
Tom exited the store, carrying a couple of packages.
Tom exited the tunnel at 80 miles an hour.
Tom exited through the back door.
Tom exited through the gate.
Tom exoticizes Judaism.
Tom exoticizes Yiddishkeit.
Tom exoticizes foreign cultures.
Tom expected Mary to agree with him.
Tom expected Mary to be a little more helpful.
Tom expected Mary to be angry.
Tom expected Mary to be at his party.
Tom expected Mary to be in good spirits.
Tom expected Mary to be late.
Tom expected Mary to believe everything he said.
Tom expected Mary to come soon.
Tom expected Mary to come.
Tom expected Mary to cry.
Tom expected Mary to disagree with him, but she didn't.
Tom expected Mary to disagree.
Tom expected Mary to do something.
Tom expected Mary to do that.
Tom expected Mary to do things right.
Tom expected Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom expected Mary to explain the situation to him.
Tom expected Mary to get angry.
Tom expected Mary to help him.
Tom expected Mary to kiss him.
Tom expected Mary to leave early.
Tom expected Mary to leave town.
Tom expected Mary to lie.
Tom expected Mary to pass the exam.
Tom expected Mary to rebuff his advance.
Tom expected Mary to recommend him for the job.
Tom expected Mary to show up Monday afternoon.
Tom expected Mary to show up on Saturday afternoon.
Tom expected Mary to show up.
Tom expected Mary to sit with him at the concert.
Tom expected Mary to solve the problem.
Tom expected Mary to speak French.
Tom expected Mary to study French.
Tom expected Mary to take the bribe.
Tom expected Mary to win.
Tom expected Mary to wink at him, but she didn't.
Tom expected at least a ten percent return on his investment.
Tom expected better from Mary.
Tom expected it to cost a lot more.
Tom expected it.
Tom expected me to do that.
Tom expected me to go with him.
Tom expected me to help Mary.
Tom expected me to help him.
Tom expected me to pay for dinner.
Tom expected me to pay for everything.
Tom expected me to take him to the zoo.
Tom expected more of a fight.
Tom expected more of them.
Tom expected more.
Tom expected nothing from Mary.
Tom expected something else.
Tom expected the job to be challenging.
Tom expected the policemen to protect him.
Tom expected the worst.
Tom expected this to happen.
Tom expected to be killed by police.
Tom expected to be safe here.
Tom expected to get paid more.
Tom expected to hear back from Mary.
Tom expected to hear praise.
Tom expected to leave early in the morning, but he overslept.
Tom expected to marry Mary, but she didn't have to marry him and didn't.
Tom expected too much of his team.
Tom expected us do the same thing he did.
Tom expected us to do that yesterday.
Tom expected us to go with him yesterday.
Tom expected yesterday to be a regular day.
Tom expects Mary back by 2:30.
Tom expects Mary to agree to do that.
Tom expects Mary to arrive in Boston Monday afternoon.
Tom expects Mary to be on time.
Tom expects Mary to come at any moment.
Tom expects Mary to come back before lunch.
Tom expects Mary to come back soon.
Tom expects Mary to cry.
Tom expects Mary to do that again on Monday.
Tom expects Mary to do that again on October 20th.
Tom expects Mary to do that for him.
Tom expects Mary to do that.
Tom expects Mary to eat dinner with him.
Tom expects Mary to forgive him.
Tom expects Mary to obey him.
Tom expects Mary to show up.
Tom expects Mary to sit with him.
Tom expects Mary to stay in Australia until Monday.
Tom expects Mary to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom expects Mary to win.
Tom expects a lot from himself.
Tom expects a lot.
Tom expects all of us to participate.
Tom expects all three of us to be there.
Tom expects all three of us to do that with Mary.
Tom expects all three of us to do that with him.
Tom expects all three of us to do that.
Tom expects all three of us to do the same thing he's doing.
Tom expects all three of us to go with Mary.
Tom expects all three of us to go with him.
Tom expects everybody to go.
Tom expects everyone to go.
Tom expects me to be there.
Tom expects me to help Mary clean out the clogged pipe.
Tom expects me to help Mary do that.
Tom expects me to help Mary.
Tom expects me to help him do that.
Tom expects me to help him.
Tom expects so.
Tom expects that Mary will help us.
Tom expects the world to end soon.
Tom expects the worst.
Tom expects to be finished doing that in October.
Tom expects to be transferred to Australia.
Tom expects to be transferred to Boston.
Tom expects to die.
Tom expects to do that again on Monday.
Tom expects to do that again on October 20th.
Tom expects to do that soon.
Tom expects to finish it tomorrow.
Tom expects to finish the report by next week.
Tom expects to go home in a few weeks.
Tom expects to hear from Mary soon.
Tom expects to marry me, but I am not obliged to marry him.
Tom expects to marry me, but I don't have to marry him.
Tom expects to see his friend today.
Tom expects to win a prize.
Tom expects to win the prize.
Tom expects to win the race.
Tom expects to win.
Tom expects too much of Mary.
Tom expects us do the same thing he's doing.
Tom expects us to help him.
Tom expects us tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom expects you to do that before you go home.
Tom experienced a pain in his leg.
Tom experienced another sleepless night.
Tom experienced strong peer pressure to dabble in drugs when he was a teenager.
Tom experienced the school's cancel culture firsthand.
Tom experienced the whole gamut of emotions from sheer joy to utter despair during his relationship with Mary.
Tom explained everything in French.
Tom explained everything that had happened.
Tom explained everything to Mary, but I don't think she understood.
Tom explained everything to Mary.
Tom explained everything to me in a letter.
Tom explained everything to me.
Tom explained everything to the police.
Tom explained everything to us in French.
Tom explained everything.
Tom explained his bizarre theory to me.
Tom explained his decision.
Tom explained his plan in detail.
Tom explained his plan to Mary.
Tom explained his plan to both Mary and John.
Tom explained his plan to everyone in the room.
Tom explained his position to Mary.
Tom explained his position to me.
Tom explained his problem.
Tom explained his reasons clearly.
Tom explained his reasons to me.
Tom explained his reasons to us.
Tom explained his situation to Mary.
Tom explained how an internal-combustion engine worked.
Tom explained how he did that.
Tom explained how he lost his money.
Tom explained how the accident happened.
Tom explained how the ambush would work.
Tom explained how the system worked.
Tom explained how to make a fire.
Tom explained in detail but I don't understand it.
Tom explained in detail how to do it.
Tom explained in detail what he had seen.
Tom explained in detail, but I didn't quite understand.
Tom explained it again.
Tom explained it in detail, but I still don't get it.
Tom explained it in detail, but I still don't understand it.
Tom explained it to Mary in French.
Tom explained it to Mary very carefully.
Tom explained it to Mary.
Tom explained it to me in French.
Tom explained it to me in detail.
Tom explained it to me once more.
Tom explained it to me, but I didn't really understand his explanation.
Tom explained it to me, but I didn't understand anything.
Tom explained it to me, but I still couldn't understand it.
Tom explained it to me, but I'm still not sure I understand it.
Tom explained it to me.
Tom explained it.
Tom explained that he was the one who had done that.
Tom explained that in French, so I'd understand it.
Tom explained that in French, so that I'd understand it.
Tom explained that very well.
Tom explained the circumstances to Mary.
Tom explained the decision.
Tom explained the details to Mary.
Tom explained the differences to Mary.
Tom explained the joke to Mary.
Tom explained the matter in detail.
Tom explained the matter to Mary.
Tom explained the movie to Mary.
Tom explained the plan in detail.
Tom explained the plan to Mary.
Tom explained the plot to Mary.
Tom explained the problem in detail.
Tom explained the problem to Mary.
Tom explained the problem to me.
Tom explained the procedure to Mary.
Tom explained the process to Mary.
Tom explained the project to Mary.
Tom explained the purpose of the project to Mary.
Tom explained the reason he was late to Mary.
Tom explained the reasons for his decision.
Tom explained the results to Mary.
Tom explained the rules carefully.
Tom explained the rules in detail.
Tom explained the rules of the game to Mary.
Tom explained the rules to Mary in detail.
Tom explained the rules to Mary.
Tom explained the rules to me.
Tom explained the rules.
Tom explained the schedule to Mary.
Tom explained the situation superbly.
Tom explained the situation to Mary.
Tom explained the situation to me.
Tom explained the situation to the police.
Tom explained the situation to us.
Tom explained the situation well.
Tom explained the situation.
Tom explained the system to Mary.
Tom explained the whole thing to Mary.
Tom explained to Mary in detail how to do that.
Tom explained to Mary that dolphins were peaceful animals.
Tom explained to Mary the hidden messages in Scatman John's music.
Tom explained to Mary why he couldn't go to her party.
Tom explained to Mary why he needed to buy a new car.
Tom explained to Mary why he wasn't able to do that.
Tom explained to Mary why it wasn't advisable for her to do that.
Tom explained to Mary why it would be a good idea for her to do that.
Tom explained to Mary why she couldn't do that.
Tom explained to Mary why she had to do that.
Tom explained to Mary why she should do that.
Tom explained to Mary why she shouldn't do that.
Tom explained to his grandfather how to use a cash machine.
Tom explained to me everything.
Tom explained to me in detail how to do that.
Tom explained to me some English grammar.
Tom explained to me what furries are.
Tom explained to me what to do next.
Tom explained to us what needed to be done.
Tom explained to us why he couldn't do that.
Tom explained to us why he didn't want to do that.
Tom explained to us why he wasn't planning on attending tomorrow's meeting.
Tom explained what drove his decision.
Tom explained what had to be done.
Tom explained what happened.
Tom explained what he meant.
Tom explained what really happened.
Tom explained why he couldn't do that.
Tom explained why he did that.
Tom explained why he did this.
Tom explained why he didn't do that.
Tom explained why he didn't want to do that.
Tom explained why he was late.
Tom explained why he was there.
Tom explained why he wasn't able to do that.
Tom explained why his plan had failed.
Tom explained why it was a bad idea to do that.
Tom explained why it was a good idea to do that.
Tom explained why it would be a bad idea to do that.
Tom explained why it would be a good idea to do that.
Tom explained why we had to do that.
Tom explains math problems to his son.
Tom explains things better than Mary does.
Tom explains things better than Mary.
Tom explains to the Amazonian tribesman that jars, bottles, and cans are different containers for preserving food.
Tom explicitly told Mary not to do that.
Tom exploded in anger.
Tom exploded with laughter.
Tom explored Boston.
Tom explored every possibility.
Tom explored the cave on his own.
Tom explored the cave.
Tom explored the underwater cave.
Tom explored the world with his loyal dog, Buddy, at his side.
Tom exposed Mary as a fraud.
Tom exposed himself in a park.
Tom exposed himself in public.
Tom exposed himself to danger.
Tom expressed himself clearly.
Tom expressed himself in good English.
Tom expressed his appreciation.
Tom expressed his concern.
Tom expressed his condolences to Mary.
Tom expressed his condolences.
Tom expressed his desire to do that.
Tom expressed his disappointment.
Tom expressed his displeasure.
Tom expressed his dissatisfaction.
Tom expressed his doubts.
Tom expressed his gratitude.
Tom expressed his interest.
Tom expressed his sympathy.
Tom expressed his thanks to all of us.
Tom expressed his thanks to everybody in the room.
Tom expressed his thanks to everyone in the room.
Tom expressed his thanks to us all.
Tom expressed his thanks.
Tom expressed his wish to do that.
Tom expressed no remorse.
Tom expressed satisfaction.
Tom expressed similar concerns.
Tom expressed some skepticism.
Tom expresses himself badly.
Tom expresses himself through song.
Tom expresses himself very well.
Tom extended his hand to shake Mary's.
Tom extended his right arm.
Tom extended his stay by three days.
Tom extended his visit by two hours.
Tom extended his visit for three weeks.
Tom extends his hands to the sky.
Tom extinguished his cigarette.
Tom extinguished his torch.
Tom extinguished the fire.
Tom exuded an air of confidence.
Tom exuded confidence.
Tom exudes confidence.
Tom eyed Mary's plate.
Tom eyed Mary.
Tom eyed the stranger suspiciously.
Tom eyed the stranger warily.
Tom faced Mary.
Tom faced his fear.
Tom faced his opponent.
Tom faced the media scrum.
Tom faces 30 years to life in prison.
Tom faces a burglary charge.
Tom faces a challenging job.
Tom faces a conundrum.
Tom faces a dilemma.
Tom faces a long prison sentence.
Tom faces a mandatory life sentence.
Tom faces a possible life sentence.
Tom faces charges of attempted murder.
Tom faces criminal charges.
Tom faces deportation.
Tom faces life in prison if he's convicted.
Tom faces life in prison.
Tom faces many new challenges.
Tom faces the death penalty.
Tom faces three charges of assault.
Tom faces three to six months of rehab.
Tom faces three years in prison.
Tom faces up to three years if convicted.
Tom faces up to three years in prison.
Tom failed English last semester.
Tom failed French last semester.
Tom failed a field sobriety test.
Tom failed again.
Tom failed because he didn't study.
Tom failed biology.
Tom failed due to lack of effort.
Tom failed every subject.
Tom failed his A-levels.
Tom failed his French class.
Tom failed his French test.
Tom failed his driving exam.
Tom failed his driving test, as we expected.
Tom failed his driving test.
Tom failed his math class.
Tom failed horribly.
Tom failed in English.
Tom failed in his attempt to beat the world record.
Tom failed miserably.
Tom failed the French test.
Tom failed the breathalyzer test.
Tom failed the entrance exam.
Tom failed the exam.
Tom failed the examination again.
Tom failed the examination.
Tom failed the lie detector test.
Tom failed the polygraph test.
Tom failed the test, just like Mary predicted.
Tom failed the test.
Tom failed the vibe check.
Tom failed this time.
Tom failed to appear at his hearing.
Tom failed to appear.
Tom failed to come on time.
Tom failed to come yesterday.
Tom failed to come.
Tom failed to do that.
Tom failed to do what he said he would do.
Tom failed to do what he said he'd do.
Tom failed to escape.
Tom failed to finish the race.
Tom failed to follow through on his plans.
Tom failed to get nominated.
Tom failed to get the nomination.
Tom failed to heed warning signs.
Tom failed to impress the young lady.
Tom failed to keep his promise.
Tom failed to learn from his previous mistakes.
Tom failed to make a witty comment.
Tom failed to make us laugh.
Tom failed to meet the standard again.
Tom failed to pass his driving test.
Tom failed to pass the final exam.
Tom failed to persuade Mary.
Tom failed to read Mary's body language.
Tom failed to see what Mary needed.
Tom failed to show up at work yesterday.
Tom failed to show up.
Tom failed to solve the CAPTCHA.
Tom failed to take the exam.
Tom failed to understand that.
Tom failed to understand what Mary needed.
Tom failed to win.
Tom failed twice.
Tom failed, too.
Tom failed.
Tom fainted as soon as he saw the needle.
Tom fainted at school today.
Tom fainted at the sight of blood.
Tom fainted at the sight of the needle.
Tom fainted because of the heat.
Tom fainted on the school playground.
Tom fainted when he heard the news.
Tom fainted.
Tom faints all the time.
Tom faithfully performed his duties.
Tom faked an assassination attempt against himself.
Tom faked his death to collect the insurance money.
Tom faked his death.
Tom faked his own death again.
Tom faked his own death.
Tom falls asleep as soon as he gets into bed.
Tom falls asleep every night watching TV.
Tom falls for it every time.
Tom falls in love with every beautiful girl he meets.
Tom falls in love with every woman he meets.
Tom falls!
Tom falsified his CV.
Tom falsified his resume.
Tom falsified the reports.
Tom fancies himself an iconoclast, but he doesn't really understand anything, so the icons he shatters never existed.
Tom fancies himself something rotten.
Tom fanned himself with a magazine.
Tom fanned himself with his notebook.
Tom farted loudly while walking past a large vertical rock face on the trail, effectively amplifying the fart and sending it down into the valley.
Tom farted under the blankets.
Tom farted.
Tom farts.
Tom fascinated Mary.
Tom fascinated me.
Tom fascinates Mary.
Tom fasted for three days, only drinking water.
Tom fasted.
Tom fastened his seat belt.
Tom fastened his seatbelt.
Tom fatally shot himself.
Tom favorite saying is "You cant put two saddles on one horse."
Tom feared falling down.
Tom feared for his family's safety.
Tom feared for his safety.
Tom feared that his relationship with Mary would be published in the gossip columns of the daily press.
Tom feared the worst.
Tom fears a breakdown in law and order.
Tom fears a storm.
Tom fears almost anyone.
Tom fears for his life.
Tom fears neither God nor the devil.
Tom fears that he might be fired.
Tom fears tickling.
Tom fed Mary's cat.
Tom fed Mary's dog.
Tom fed Mary.
Tom fed his cats in the kitchen.
Tom fed his dog part of his sandwich.
Tom fed his dog table scraps.
Tom fed his dog the same thing he was eating.
Tom fed his dog.
Tom fed his horse.
Tom fed his hostage junk food.
Tom fed his leftovers to his dog.
Tom fed me samosas.
Tom fed the alpaca.
Tom fed the animals.
Tom fed the chickens.
Tom fed the cows.
Tom fed the dog.
Tom fed the dogs.
Tom fed the fish.
Tom fed the goats.
Tom fed the horse.
Tom fed the neighbor's cat while they were away.
Tom fed the neighbors cat while they were away.
Tom fed the pigeons in the park.
Tom fed the pigeons.
Tom fed the pigs.
Tom fed the sheep.
Tom fed the snails lettuce.
Tom fed the squirrel.
Tom fed the stray cat.
Tom fed the stray dog.
Tom feeds his cats in the kitchen.
Tom feeds his dog at the same time every day.
Tom feeds his dog table scraps.
Tom feeds his dog twice a day.
Tom feeds his fish once a day.
Tom feeds stray dogs.
Tom feeds table scraps to his dog.
Tom feeds the chickens.
Tom feeds the dog.
Tom feels a bit under the weather today.
Tom feels a little better after taking the medicine that the doctor prescribed.
Tom feels a little better after taking the medicine the doctor prescribed.
Tom feels a little better this morning.
Tom feels a little sorry for Mary.
Tom feels at home in the jungle.
Tom feels at home in the new house.
Tom feels bad.
Tom feels betrayed.
Tom feels better already.
Tom feels better now that he's taking medicine.
Tom feels better now.
Tom feels better this morning.
Tom feels comfortable here.
Tom feels completely at ease with Mary.
Tom feels exactly the same way as Mary does.
Tom feels guilty.
Tom feels he has done his part.
Tom feels he needs to do something.
Tom feels he offended Mary, and that's why she's not here.
Tom feels he's destined for bigger things.
Tom feels homesick.
Tom feels hostile towards his neighbours.
Tom feels hurt.
Tom feels ill because he drank too much beer last night.
Tom feels inferior to Mary.
Tom feels insecure about his future.
Tom feels left out.
Tom feels like he is trapped in a corner.
Tom feels like his parents are too strict and overbearing.
Tom feels like his work is meaningful.
Tom feels like his work is meaningless.
Tom feels most comfortable code-switching between his two main languages.
Tom feels much better now.
Tom feels nauseous.
Tom feels neglected.
Tom feels passionately about this.
Tom feels really bad about what happened.
Tom feels responsible for what happened.
Tom feels safe now.
Tom feels sorry for Mary.
Tom feels that he has done his part.
Tom feels that he is destined for bigger things.
Tom feels that he's destined for bigger things.
Tom feels that he's ready to play.
Tom feels that her parents don't understand her.
Tom feels that his girlfriend doesn't understand him.
Tom feels that his parents don't understand him.
Tom feels that his team will win the game.
Tom feels that his work is not useful to society.
Tom feels that learning together helps them grow as individuals.
Tom feels the same way about you.
Tom feels the same way as I do.
Tom feels the same way.
Tom feels the same.
Tom feels underappreciated.
Tom feels unwanted.
Tom feels very guilty about what happened.
Tom feels very strongly about this.
Tom feels well now.
Tom feigned concern.
Tom feigned ignorance.
Tom feigned indifference.
Tom feigned surprise.
Tom fell and broke his arm.
Tom fell and broke his hip.
Tom fell and broke his leg.
Tom fell and broke his thigh.
Tom fell and broke one of his arms.
Tom fell and hit his elbow.
Tom fell and hit his head.
Tom fell and hurt himself.
Tom fell and hurt his elbow.
Tom fell and hurt his hand.
Tom fell and hurt his knee.
Tom fell and hurt his leg.
Tom fell and injured his knee.
Tom fell and scraped his knee.
Tom fell apart.
Tom fell approximately 30 meters.
Tom fell asleep again.
Tom fell asleep almost as soon as he sat in the armchair.
Tom fell asleep almost as soon as the movie started.
Tom fell asleep almost instantly.
Tom fell asleep and missed the end of the movie.
Tom fell asleep and never woke up.
Tom fell asleep and started snoring.
Tom fell asleep as soon as he crawled into bed.
Tom fell asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.
Tom fell asleep as soon as the lights went out.
Tom fell asleep as soon as the movie began.
Tom fell asleep as soon as the movie started.
Tom fell asleep at the cinema.
Tom fell asleep at the movies.
Tom fell asleep at the table.
Tom fell asleep at the wheel and caused an accident.
Tom fell asleep at the wheel and had an accident.
Tom fell asleep at the wheel and hit a street lamp.
Tom fell asleep at the wheel.
Tom fell asleep at work.
Tom fell asleep before Mary got home.
Tom fell asleep crying.
Tom fell asleep during class and began snoring very loudly.
Tom fell asleep during class.
Tom fell asleep during sex ed class.
Tom fell asleep during the concert.
Tom fell asleep during the exam.
Tom fell asleep during the film.
Tom fell asleep during the lecture.
Tom fell asleep during the meeting.
Tom fell asleep during the movie.
Tom fell asleep during the show at the planetarium.
Tom fell asleep during the show.
Tom fell asleep halfway through the movie.
Tom fell asleep immediately.
Tom fell asleep in church.
Tom fell asleep in class and began snoring very loudly.
Tom fell asleep in class and started snoring.
Tom fell asleep in class today.
Tom fell asleep in class.
Tom fell asleep in front of the TV.
Tom fell asleep in his office.
Tom fell asleep in my arms.
Tom fell asleep in the car.
Tom fell asleep in the classroom.
Tom fell asleep in the meadow.
Tom fell asleep in the park.
Tom fell asleep just as the movie started.
Tom fell asleep last night.
Tom fell asleep on guard duty.
Tom fell asleep on my couch.
Tom fell asleep on my shoulder.
Tom fell asleep on the beach.
Tom fell asleep on the bus and missed his stop.
Tom fell asleep on the bus.
Tom fell asleep on the couch while watching TV.
Tom fell asleep on the couch.
Tom fell asleep on the floor.
Tom fell asleep on the job.
Tom fell asleep on the sofa and started snoring.
Tom fell asleep on the sofa.
Tom fell asleep on the train and missed the station he was going to get off at.
Tom fell asleep on the train and missed the station that he was going to get off at.
Tom fell asleep on the train.
Tom fell asleep on top of the covers.
Tom fell asleep quickly.
Tom fell asleep reading a book.
Tom fell asleep right away.
Tom fell asleep sitting up in the chair.
Tom fell asleep straight away.
Tom fell asleep the moment his head hit the pillow.
Tom fell asleep thinking about Mary.
Tom fell asleep under a tree.
Tom fell asleep under the shade of a palapa.
Tom fell asleep under the tree.
Tom fell asleep waiting for Mary.
Tom fell asleep watching TV.
Tom fell asleep watching the Olympics on TV.
Tom fell asleep while Mary was telling him a bedtime story.
Tom fell asleep while browsing the internet on his phone.
Tom fell asleep while driving and caused an accident.
Tom fell asleep while driving, causing an accident.
Tom fell asleep while driving.
Tom fell asleep while he was driving and caused an accident.
Tom fell asleep while he was watching a movie.
Tom fell asleep while reading a book.
Tom fell asleep while reading the evening newspaper.
Tom fell asleep while reading the newspaper.
Tom fell asleep while reading.
Tom fell asleep while telling Mary a bedtime story.
Tom fell asleep while waiting at a traffic light.
Tom fell asleep while watching TV.
Tom fell asleep while watching a movie.
Tom fell asleep with his clothes on.
Tom fell asleep with his glasses on.
Tom fell asleep with the TV on.
Tom fell asleep with the light on.
Tom fell asleep with the lights on.
Tom fell asleep with the window open.
Tom fell asleep, waiting for Mary's call.
Tom fell asleep.
Tom fell back asleep.
Tom fell back to sleep.
Tom fell backwards.
Tom fell behind.
Tom fell deeper and deeper into debt.
Tom fell desperately in love with Mary.
Tom fell desperately in love with her.
Tom fell down a YouTube rabbit hole and started hating French speakers.
Tom fell down an elevator shaft.
Tom fell down and hurt himself.
Tom fell down and hurt his knee.
Tom fell down and scraped his knee.
Tom fell down and skinned his knee on a rock.
Tom fell down and wasn't able to get up.
Tom fell down from the horse's back.
Tom fell down into the ravine.
Tom fell down on the floor.
Tom fell down the cliff to his death.
Tom fell down the cliff.
Tom fell down the hatch.
Tom fell down the mine shaft.
Tom fell down the ravine.
Tom fell down the stairs and broke his arm.
Tom fell down the stairs and broke his collarbone.
Tom fell down the stairs and broke his neck.
Tom fell down the stairs and hit his head.
Tom fell down the stairs and hurt himself.
Tom fell down the stairs.
Tom fell down the well.
Tom fell down two flights of stairs and is now in the hospital.
Tom fell down.
Tom fell eight meters.
Tom fell flat on his face and broke his glasses.
Tom fell flat on his face.
Tom fell flat on the floor.
Tom fell for Mary big time.
Tom fell for Mary's charms.
Tom fell for Mary.
Tom fell for a Kremlin information operation.
Tom fell for all of it.
Tom fell for it all.
Tom fell for it.
Tom fell for the oldest trick in the book.
Tom fell for the scam.
Tom fell forward.
Tom fell from a palm tree.
Tom fell from his bike.
Tom fell from his crutches. Fortunately, Mary helped him to get up again.
Tom fell from his hammock.
Tom fell from his horse.
Tom fell from the boat and was lost.
Tom fell from the horse.
Tom fell from the third floor.
Tom fell from the top bunk.
Tom fell from the trampoline.
Tom fell from the tree.
Tom fell hard for Mary.
Tom fell head over heels for Mary.
Tom fell head over heels in love with Mary.
Tom fell head-first from the roof.
Tom fell head-first.
Tom fell heavily and hit his head on a rock, causing life-threatening injuries.
Tom fell ill again.
Tom fell ill and within a month he was dead.
Tom fell ill.
Tom fell in love in Germany.
Tom fell in love with Germany.
Tom fell in love with Linda.
Tom fell in love with Maria, but she didn't return his feelings.
Tom fell in love with Mary and they got married three months later.
Tom fell in love with Mary at first sight.
Tom fell in love with Mary right then and there.
Tom fell in love with Mary the first time he met her.
Tom fell in love with Mary the first time he saw her.
Tom fell in love with Mary the first time she met him.
Tom fell in love with Mary the first time that he met her.
Tom fell in love with Mary the first time that he saw her.
Tom fell in love with Mary the first time that she met him.
Tom fell in love with Mary the moment he met her.
Tom fell in love with Mary's French accent.
Tom fell in love with Mary.
Tom fell in love with Venice.
Tom fell in love with a Russian girl he met online.
Tom fell in love with a beautiful Canadian woman.
Tom fell in love with a beautiful German girl.
Tom fell in love with a beautiful girl.
Tom fell in love with a beautiful young woman.
Tom fell in love with a girl he met in Boston.
Tom fell in love with a girl that he met in Boston.
Tom fell in love with a girl who is twenty years younger than him.
Tom fell in love with a girl who was much older than he was.
Tom fell in love with a girl who's three years younger than he is.
Tom fell in love with a girl who's three years younger than him.
Tom fell in love with a much older woman.
Tom fell in love with a pretty girl.
Tom fell in love with a woman half his age.
Tom fell in love with a woman twelve years his junior with whom he actually just wanted to have an affair.
Tom fell in love with a woman twice his age.
Tom fell in love with a young actress.
Tom fell in love with a younger woman.
Tom fell in love with his best friend's girlfriend.
Tom fell in love with his best friend's sister.
Tom fell in love with his best friend.
Tom fell in love with his next door neighbor.
Tom fell in love with his secretary.
Tom fell in love with his therapist.
Tom fell in love with his wife all over again.
Tom fell in love with one of Mary's sisters.
Tom fell in love with one of his students.
Tom fell in love with the captain's daughter.
Tom fell in love with the characters in his novel.
Tom fell in love with the preacher's daughter.
Tom fell in love.
Tom fell in the ditch.
Tom fell in the emergency room.
Tom fell in the pool.
Tom fell in the swimming pool.
Tom fell in with the wrong crowd.
Tom fell into a coma caused by his alcoholism in January 1983, and died in May without having regained consciousness, at St. Mary's Hospital in Herne.
Tom fell into a deep depression.
Tom fell into a deep dreamless sleep.
Tom fell into a deep sleep.
Tom fell into a deep slumber.
Tom fell into a hole.
Tom fell into a panic.
Tom fell into a vat of sulfuric acid.
Tom fell into an ambush.
Tom fell into bad company.
Tom fell into deep depression.
Tom fell into depression from working too hard.
Tom fell into depression.
Tom fell into his own trap.
Tom fell into oblivion.
Tom fell into the brambles.
Tom fell into the cold water.
Tom fell into the depths of despair.
Tom fell into the ditch.
Tom fell into the hole.
Tom fell into the ice-cold water of the river.
Tom fell into the lion enclosure.
Tom fell into the mud.
Tom fell into the pool and drowned.
Tom fell into the pool.
Tom fell into the river.
Tom fell into the same trap.
Tom fell into the water and drowned.
Tom fell into the water.
Tom fell into the well.
Tom fell madly in love with Mary.
Tom fell madly in love with his childhood friend, Mary.
Tom fell mysteriously ill.
Tom fell off a cliff.
Tom fell off a horse.
Tom fell off a ladder and broke both of his arms.
Tom fell off a ladder and broke his arm.
Tom fell off a ladder.
Tom fell off a swing and injured himself.
Tom fell off his bicycle and broke his arm.
Tom fell off his bicycle and injured himself.
Tom fell off his bicycle.
Tom fell off his bike.
Tom fell off his chair.
Tom fell off his horse and broke his arm.
Tom fell off his horse.
Tom fell off his mother's lap.
Tom fell off his pony.
Tom fell off of his motorcycle.
Tom fell off of the motorcycle.
Tom fell off the balcony.
Tom fell off the bridge.
Tom fell off the chair.
Tom fell off the diving board.
Tom fell off the dock because he wasn't looking where he was going.
Tom fell off the horse and broke his arm.
Tom fell off the horse.
Tom fell off the ladder when he was cleaning out his gutters.
Tom fell off the ladder.
Tom fell off the pier because he wasn't looking where he was going.
Tom fell off the roof and broke three ribs.
Tom fell off the roof and died.
Tom fell off the roof and killed himself.
Tom fell off the roof.
Tom fell off the scaffolding while he was painting the house.
Tom fell off the swing and started crying.
Tom fell off the truck while he was feeding the reindeer.
Tom fell off the turnip truck.
Tom fell off the wagon.
Tom fell on his hands and injured his wrist.
Tom fell on his head.
Tom fell on his knees.
Tom fell on the floor.
Tom fell on the street yesterday afternoon.
Tom fell out of a tenth-story window, killing himself.
Tom fell out of a third-floor window.
Tom fell out of a tree and broke his leg.
Tom fell out of a tree.
Tom fell out of bed.
Tom fell out of love with Mary.
Tom fell out of the lift chair.
Tom fell out of the top bunk.
Tom fell out of the tree.
Tom fell out of the treehouse and got the wind knocked out of him.
Tom fell out the window.
Tom fell over and landed flat on his face.
Tom fell over his dog when he was jogging and skinned his knee and the palm of his right hand.
Tom fell over jogging and broke his arm.
Tom fell over the cliff.
Tom fell overboard and drowned.
Tom fell overboard.
Tom fell silent.
Tom fell straight to sleep.
Tom fell through the ice into the frigid water.
Tom fell through the ice into the icy water.
Tom fell through the ice.
Tom fell to his death.
Tom fell to his knees.
Tom fell to the floor.
Tom fell to the ground.
Tom fell under Mary's spell.
Tom fell when the ladder broke.
Tom fell.
Tom fellated the banana.
Tom felled the tree.
Tom felt Mary trembling against him.
Tom felt Mary was lying.
Tom felt Mary wasn't being sincere.
Tom felt Mary wasnt being sincere.
Tom felt Mary's forehead to see if she had a fever.
Tom felt Mary's forehead.
Tom felt Mary's hand on his shoulder.
Tom felt a bit tired.
Tom felt a bit woozy.
Tom felt a chill go down his back.
Tom felt a chill go up his spine.
Tom felt a cold coming on.
Tom felt a hand on his shoulder.
Tom felt a headache coming on.
Tom felt a little bit tired.
Tom felt a little dazed.
Tom felt a little dizzy.
Tom felt a little guilty.
Tom felt a little intimidated.
Tom felt a little left out.
Tom felt a little light-headed.
Tom felt a little nauseated.
Tom felt a little nervous.
Tom felt a little scared.
Tom felt a little stupid.
Tom felt a little uneasy as he walked down the deserted street in the middle of the night.
Tom felt a little wobbly after drinking the three shots of ouzo.
Tom felt a little woozy.
Tom felt a lot of pain.
Tom felt a lump in his throat.
Tom felt a need to prove himself.
Tom felt a pain in his back.
Tom felt a pain in his chest.
Tom felt a pain in his side.
Tom felt a pang of jealousy.
Tom felt a sharp pain in his chest.
Tom felt a sharp pain in his sternum.
Tom felt a sharp pain in his stomach.
Tom felt a sinking feeling in his stomach.
Tom felt a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach.
Tom felt a stab of jealousy.
Tom felt a sudden urge to cry.
Tom felt a sudden urge to laugh.
Tom felt a sudden urge to leave the room.
Tom felt a sudden urge to smash the window with his fist.
Tom felt a tad awkward around Mary.
Tom felt a tap on his shoulder.
Tom felt a visceral feeling of disgust.
Tom felt abandoned.
Tom felt about for a torch that had fallen behind the sofa.
Tom felt absolutely nothing.
Tom felt all alone.
Tom felt alone in the bar.
Tom felt alone.
Tom felt amazing.
Tom felt an urge to kill Mary.
Tom felt an urge to kiss Mary.
Tom felt angry.
Tom felt anxious.
Tom felt around for the light switch.
Tom felt around the floor on his hands and knees, trying to find Mary's earring.
Tom felt as if a cinder block was dropped on his head.
Tom felt as if he had been punched in the gut.
Tom felt ashamed.
Tom felt at home.
Tom felt awkward.
Tom felt backed into a corner.
Tom felt bad for Mary.
Tom felt bad.
Tom felt betrayed.
Tom felt better after the conversation.
Tom felt better.
Tom felt blue.
Tom felt both betrayed and humiliated.
Tom felt brave.
Tom felt cheated.
Tom felt cold.
Tom felt comfortable inside his sleeping bag.
Tom felt comfortable.
Tom felt compelled to do that.
Tom felt compelled to say something.
Tom felt compelled to speak.
Tom felt completely at ease with Mary.
Tom felt completely at home.
Tom felt completely defenseless.
Tom felt completely helpless.
Tom felt completely powerless.
Tom felt completely trapped.
Tom felt confident that he could do that.
Tom felt conflicted.
Tom felt confused.
Tom felt daft wearing a hat and doffing it to the people he met, but to his father and grandfather, such behaviour was second nature.
Tom felt dazed for a moment.
Tom felt dazed.
Tom felt deep inside that Mary was still alive, and he didn't give up hope to find and rescue her.
Tom felt defeated.
Tom felt demoralised by his boss's intimidating behaviour.
Tom felt desperate.
Tom felt different from the other children.
Tom felt dirty.
Tom felt disappointed.
Tom felt dizzy after blowing up thirty balloons.
Tom felt dizzy from the heat.
Tom felt dizzy.
Tom felt embarrassed and humiliated.
Tom felt embarrassed by his mother.
Tom felt embarrassed.
Tom felt excluded.
Tom felt exhausted after chopping wood all afternoon.
Tom felt extraordinarily happy.
Tom felt extremely guilty.
Tom felt fantastic.
Tom felt fine.
Tom felt flattered when he got IDed while buying a six-pack of beer at the supermarket.
Tom felt flattered.
Tom felt foolish.
Tom felt frustrated and confused.
Tom felt frustrated.
Tom felt good.
Tom felt great relief after the verdict was read.
Tom felt great.
Tom felt guilty about leaving Mary alone.
Tom felt guilty about the way he'd treated Mary.
Tom felt guilty about yelling at his daughter.
Tom felt guilty.
Tom felt happier.
Tom felt happy.
Tom felt hated.
Tom felt he could make it in Australia.
Tom felt he could make it in Boston.
Tom felt he couldn't wait any longer.
Tom felt he didn't have a choice.
Tom felt he had done his duty.
Tom felt he had no chance to win the race.
Tom felt he had no other choice than to confess to police.
Tom felt he had to do something.
Tom felt he had to say something.
Tom felt he needed to make amends.
Tom felt he owed Mary an explanation.
Tom felt he owed Mary the truth.
Tom felt he was being followed.
Tom felt he was being watched.
Tom felt he was destined for bigger things.
Tom felt he was destined for greater things.
Tom felt he was going to die.
Tom felt he was ready for that.
Tom felt he was rejected.
Tom felt he wasn't ready to do that.
Tom felt he'd done something wrong.
Tom felt helpless and frightened.
Tom felt helpless.
Tom felt himself being carried.
Tom felt himself being lifted up.
Tom felt himself falling asleep.
Tom felt himself getting hungry.
Tom felt himself growing impatient.
Tom felt himself trembling.
Tom felt himself weakening.
Tom felt his cell phone vibrate in the inside pocket of his jacket.
Tom felt his face grow hot.
Tom felt his heart beat faster.
Tom felt his heart beating fast.
Tom felt his heart beating faster.
Tom felt his knees tremble.
Tom felt his phone vibrate.
Tom felt his phone vibrating.
Tom felt his strength leave him.
Tom felt his way in the dark.
Tom felt his way through the darkness.
Tom felt homesick during his stay in Boston.
Tom felt homesick.
Tom felt honored to be one of the feasts invited feasters.
Tom felt humiliated.
Tom felt hungry.
Tom felt hurt.
Tom felt ignored by Mary.
Tom felt ill at ease.
Tom felt ill.
Tom felt immensely relieved.
Tom felt in his pocket for his keys.
Tom felt in his pocket for his wallet.
Tom felt insignificant when he looked up at the night sky.
Tom felt insulted.
Tom felt intimidated.
Tom felt invincible.
Tom felt it necessary to explain himself.
Tom felt it was his duty to go.
Tom felt it was important that you know this.
Tom felt jealous.
Tom felt lackluster.
Tom felt left out.
Tom felt light-headed.
Tom felt lightheaded.
Tom felt like Mary had used him.
Tom felt like a caged animal.
Tom felt like a fish out of water.
Tom felt like a fool.
Tom felt like a million bucks.
Tom felt like a new man.
Tom felt like an interloper.
Tom felt like an outcast.
Tom felt like crawling under a rock.
Tom felt like crying.
Tom felt like dancing.
Tom felt like everyone was ignoring him.
Tom felt like everything was happening all at once.
Tom felt like getting drunk.
Tom felt like giving up.
Tom felt like going home and left without saying goodbye to anyone.
Tom felt like going out for a walk.
Tom felt like going to Australia again.
Tom felt like going to Boston again.
Tom felt like he could do anything.
Tom felt like he could do it.
Tom felt like he had been punched in the gut.
Tom felt like he had no choice.
Tom felt like he had no other choice.
Tom felt like he had to go to the bathroom, but he ignored it as he went to sleep.
Tom felt like he was being followed.
Tom felt like he was being treated as an "other."
Tom felt like he was between a rock and a hard place.
Tom felt like he was floating out of his body.
Tom felt like he was in over his head.
Tom felt like he was on his own.
Tom felt like he was out of place.
Tom felt like he was walking a tightrope and that the worst could happen if he made the wrong move.
Tom felt like he wasted his day waiting for something that never came.
Tom felt like he'd been betrayed.
Tom felt like he'd been hit by a truck.
Tom felt like he'd done something wrong.
Tom felt like hed been hit by a truck.
Tom felt like taking a walk.
Tom felt like the luckiest man on earth.
Tom felt lonely and abandoned.
Tom felt lonely.
Tom felt lost in the moment.
Tom felt loved.
Tom felt lucky.
Tom felt manipulated.
Tom felt more confused than ever.
Tom felt more than friendship for Mary.
Tom felt much happier.
Tom felt nausea coming on.
Tom felt nauseous.
Tom felt needed.
Tom felt neglected.
Tom felt nervous.
Tom felt no more than friendship for Mary.
Tom felt no remorse whatsoever.
Tom felt nostalgic.
Tom felt nothing except anger.
Tom felt nothing.
Tom felt obligated to help.
Tom felt obligated to say something.
Tom felt obliged to ask Mary's parents formally, wearing a suit and tie, for permission to go out with her.
Tom felt on edge.
Tom felt out of place.
Tom felt overwhelmed by all that he had to do.
Tom felt overwhelmed by anxiety.
Tom felt overwhelmed.
Tom felt panicky.
Tom felt perfectly content.
Tom felt persecuted.
Tom felt powerless.
Tom felt prepared for this.
Tom felt prepared.
Tom felt pretty comfortable with Mary.
Tom felt queasy.
Tom felt quite alone.
Tom felt quite threatened.
Tom felt rather guilty.
Tom felt really bad about what had happened.
Tom felt really bad about what he had done.
Tom felt really bad about what he'd done.
Tom felt really bad for Mary.
Tom felt really proud of himself.
Tom felt really tired.
Tom felt reassured.
Tom felt rejected.
Tom felt relief.
Tom felt relieved.
Tom felt remorse for what he had done.
Tom felt repulsed.
Tom felt responsible for Mary's accident.
Tom felt responsible for Marys accident.
Tom felt responsible.
Tom felt sad.
Tom felt safe with Mary.
Tom felt safe.
Tom felt scared.
Tom felt self-conscious.
Tom felt sick.
Tom felt sleepy because he'd only slept for three hours.
Tom felt sleepy because he'd only slept three hours.
Tom felt sleepy.
Tom felt snubbed.
Tom felt somebody touch his arm.
Tom felt somebody touch his shoulder.
Tom felt someone grab his arm.
Tom felt someone tap him on the shoulder.
Tom felt someone touch his arm.
Tom felt someone touch his shoulder.
Tom felt something crawling on his arm.
Tom felt something crawling up his leg.
Tom felt something like a thrill go through him.
Tom felt something touch his arm.
Tom felt something was wrong.
Tom felt somewhat confused.
Tom felt sorry for Mary.
Tom felt sorry for the stray dog, so he asked his mother if they could adopt it.
Tom felt sorry for them.
Tom felt strong.
Tom felt sympathy for Mary.
Tom felt taken advantage of.
Tom felt tempted.
Tom felt terrible after the argument he had with Mary.
Tom felt terrible when Mary told him she was fond of him but didn't love him.
Tom felt terrible when Mary told him that she was fond of him but didn't love him.
Tom felt terrible.
Tom felt terribly out of place.
Tom felt terrific.
Tom felt that Mary was lying.
Tom felt that Mary wasn't doing everything she should have been doing.
Tom felt that Mary wasn't doing everything she should've been doing.
Tom felt that could be dangerous.
Tom felt that he could make it in Australia.
Tom felt that he could make it in Boston.
Tom felt that he deserved an explanation.
Tom felt that he had a lot to offer.
Tom felt that he needed to explain why he was late.
Tom felt that he owed Mary an explanation.
Tom felt that he was being followed.
Tom felt that he was being watched.
Tom felt that he was destined for bigger things.
Tom felt that he was destined for greater things.
Tom felt that he was getting old.
Tom felt that he was loved.
Tom felt that he'd done something wrong.
Tom felt that it would be a waste of time to translate the letter for Mary.
Tom felt that something was about to happen.
Tom felt that something wasn't right.
Tom felt that that could be dangerous.
Tom felt that the attraction was mutual.
Tom felt that the criticism levelled against him was unjustified.
Tom felt that there was no need to hurry.
Tom felt that there was somebody behind him.
Tom felt that there was someone behind him.
Tom felt the attraction was mutual.
Tom felt the biscuit crumble in his hand.
Tom felt the cold rain on his face.
Tom felt the cool wind in his hair.
Tom felt the need to explain.
Tom felt the pangs of hunger.
Tom felt the rain on his face.
Tom felt the same way I did.
Tom felt the same way Mary did.
Tom felt the same way as I did.
Tom felt the same way we did.
Tom felt the same way.
Tom felt the stiffness in his joints as he stood up after sitting in the same position for a long time.
Tom felt the train begin to move.
Tom felt the urge to confess.
Tom felt the urge to laugh.
Tom felt the urge to run away.
Tom felt there was somebody behind him.
Tom felt there was someone behind him.
Tom felt threatened.
Tom felt tired after working all day planting corn.
Tom felt tired after working all day.
Tom felt tired.
Tom felt too enervated to resist.
Tom felt trapped by debt.
Tom felt trapped.
Tom felt tremendous guilt.
Tom felt tricked.
Tom felt uncomfortable around Mary.
Tom felt uncomfortable with the whole situation.
Tom felt uncomfortable, so he left.
Tom felt uncomfortable.
Tom felt uneasy talking to Mary about that matter.
Tom felt uneasy.
Tom felt unprepared for this.
Tom felt unprepared.
Tom felt unwanted.
Tom felt unwelcome.
Tom felt unwell because he'd had too many crafty spoonfuls of cake mixture.
Tom felt unwell.
Tom felt useless.
Tom felt utterly humiliated.
Tom felt utterly overwhelmed.
Tom felt very alone.
Tom felt very bad about what had happened.
Tom felt very confident.
Tom felt very dizzy.
Tom felt very guilty about what happened.
Tom felt very guilty.
Tom felt very happy.
Tom felt very isolated.
Tom felt very lonely.
Tom felt very nervous.
Tom felt very relieved.
Tom felt very sad.
Tom felt very safe in Australia.
Tom felt very safe in Boston.
Tom felt very sleepy.
Tom felt very tired after sleeping for so long.
Tom felt very tired.
Tom felt very uncomfortable about the whole thing.
Tom felt vindicated.
Tom felt vulnerable.
Tom felt weak after deeply inhaling a cat fart.
Tom felt weak.
Tom felt welcome.
Tom felt wonderful.
Tom felt woozy.
Tom felt wronged.
Tom fenced the stolen jewels.
Tom ferried the passengers across the river.
Tom fertilized some of his fields.
Tom fetishizes Judaism.
Tom fidgeted in his chair.
Tom fidgeted uncomfortably.
Tom fidgeted with his hands nervously.
Tom fights a lot.
Tom fights constantly with his parents.
Tom fights dirty.
Tom fights for human rights.
Tom fights tooth and nail.
Tom figured Mary would like to know the news.
Tom figured everybody needed a break.
Tom figured everyone needed a break.
Tom figured he could do that.
Tom figured he couldn't afford it.
Tom figured he had to do that.
Tom figured he'd be able to do that.
Tom figured if Mary could do that, he could too.
Tom figured it out all on his own.
Tom figured it out on his own.
Tom figured it out.
Tom figured it was over.
Tom figured it was worth a try.
Tom figured it would be easier to do that the way Mary was doing it.
Tom figured it would take him a full day to finish painting the garage.
Tom figured out a way to do that.
Tom figured out a way to get Mary to do that for him.
Tom figured out how to do that by himself.
Tom figured out how to do that.
Tom figured out how to fix the engine on his own.
Tom figured out how to solve the problem.
Tom figured out the cost and it was more than he could afford.
Tom figured out what the problem was.
Tom figured out what was going on.
Tom figured out why the machine wasn't working.
Tom figured out why the machine wasnt working.
Tom figured that Mary would like to know the news.
Tom figured that everybody needed a break.
Tom figured that everyone needed a break.
Tom figured that he could do that.
Tom figured that he couldn't afford it.
Tom figured that he had to do that.
Tom figured that he'd be able to do that.
Tom figured that if Mary could do that, he could too.
Tom figured that it was over.
Tom figured that it was worth a try.
Tom figured that it would be easier to do that the way Mary was doing it.
Tom figured that it would take him a full day to finish painting the garage.
Tom figured that there was no way he could do that.
Tom figures he isn't alone.
Tom figures he's not alone.
Tom figures that he isn't alone.
Tom figures that he's not alone.
Tom filed a complaint.
Tom filed a formal complaint.
Tom filed a lawsuit.
Tom filed a missing person's report.
Tom filed a patent for his invention.
Tom filed a patent.
Tom filed an access to information request.
Tom filed an official complaint.
Tom filed for bankruptcy in 2013.
Tom filed for bankruptcy.
Tom filed for divorce in 2013.
Tom filed for divorce in October.
Tom filed for divorce three months ago.
Tom filed for divorce.
Tom filed the patent.
Tom filled Mary in on all the salacious gossip.
Tom filled Mary in on what was going on.
Tom filled Mary in on what was happening.
Tom filled Mary's glass again.
Tom filled Mary's wine glass to the rim.
Tom filled a cup with water.
Tom filled a plastic bag with water and dropped it from the balcony on to the pavement below just as Mary was walking past.
Tom filled all the bottles with water.
Tom filled both bottles with water.
Tom filled both buckets with water.
Tom filled both glasses with wine.
Tom filled his and Mary's canteens with water.
Tom filled his and Mary's glasses with wine.
Tom filled his bag with walnuts.
Tom filled his bucket with sand and turned it over.
Tom filled his bucket with sand.
Tom filled his canteen with water.
Tom filled his cup to the brim.
Tom filled his glass again.
Tom filled his glass and then filled one for Mary.
Tom filled his glass with cold water.
Tom filled his glass with water.
Tom filled his glass with wine.
Tom filled his plate with food.
Tom filled his stainless steel coffee mug with coffee.
Tom filled his thermos bottle with coffee.
Tom filled his thermos bottle with hot coffee.
Tom filled his thermos with coffee.
Tom filled his thermos with hot coffee.
Tom filled his whole house with toilet paper.
Tom filled in the blanks.
Tom filled in the form.
Tom filled out a form.
Tom filled out an application for a credit card.
Tom filled out college applications.
Tom filled out his college application.
Tom filled out the application for me.
Tom filled out the application form for me.
Tom filled out the application form.
Tom filled out the application.
Tom filled out the form incorrectly.
Tom filled out the form wrong.
Tom filled out the form.
Tom filled out the job application form.
Tom filled out the paperwork for Mary.
Tom filled out the paperwork.
Tom filled the Mason jar with beans.
Tom filled the balloon with helium.
Tom filled the balloon with water.
Tom filled the balloons with helium.
Tom filled the bath with warm water.
Tom filled the bathtub up with hot water.
Tom filled the bathtub with hot water.
Tom filled the bathtub with warm water.
Tom filled the bathtub with water.
Tom filled the bathtub.
Tom filled the bird feeder.
Tom filled the bottle with drinking water.
Tom filled the bottle with water from the spring.
Tom filled the bottle with water.
Tom filled the bottles with water.
Tom filled the box with apples.
Tom filled the box with food.
Tom filled the bucket to the top.
Tom filled the bucket with cold water.
Tom filled the bucket with ice.
Tom filled the bucket with water.
Tom filled the buckets with water.
Tom filled the car with gas.
Tom filled the cooler with ice.
Tom filled the cup to the brim.
Tom filled the cup up to the brim.
Tom filled the empty glass with ice.
Tom filled the gas tank.
Tom filled the glass to the very brim and challenged Mary to carry it across the room without spilling a drop.
Tom filled the glass with water.
Tom filled the hole with concrete.
Tom filled the holes with sawdust.
Tom filled the kettle with water and put it on the stove.
Tom filled the kettle with water.
Tom filled the kettle.
Tom filled the pail with milk.
Tom filled the pitcher with water.
Tom filled the pool with water.
Tom filled the pot with water and put it on the stove.
Tom filled the pot with water.
Tom filled the room with cardboard boxes.
Tom filled the shopping cart with candy while his mother was at the meat counter.
Tom filled the shopping trolley with sweets while his mother stood at the meat counter.
Tom filled the sink with water.
Tom filled the tank.
Tom filled the teapot with water.
Tom filled the three glasses with orange juice.
Tom filled the trough.
Tom filled the tub with hot water.
Tom filled the tub with water.
Tom filled the vase with water.
Tom filled the water balloon.
Tom filled the wheelbarrow with sand.
Tom filled up his dog's water dish with milk.
Tom filled up his dog's water dish.
Tom filled up the bathtub with hot water.
Tom filled up the bottle with cold water.
Tom filled up the hole in the wall.
Tom filled up the hole.
Tom filled up the holes.
Tom filmed Mary's concert.
Tom filmed the tornado through his windshield.
Tom filtered the water.
Tom finally accomplished what he set out to do.
Tom finally achieved his goal.
Tom finally achieved what he set out to do.
Tom finally admitted he needed help and checked himself into detox.
Tom finally admitted that he needed help and checked himself into detox.
Tom finally admitted the truth.
Tom finally admitted to himself that he was never going to be able to do that.
Tom finally agreed to come.
Tom finally agreed to do that.
Tom finally agreed to help us.
Tom finally agreed to join the team.
Tom finally agreed to let Mary in on the secret.
Tom finally agreed to sign the contract.
Tom finally agreed to work for us.
Tom finally agreed.
Tom finally answered.
Tom finally arrived at 2:30.
Tom finally arrived.
Tom finally asked the question he wanted to ask.
Tom finally ate something.
Tom finally believes us.
Tom finally broke the horse.
Tom finally broke up with Mary.
Tom finally called me yesterday.
Tom finally came clean.
Tom finally came home.
Tom finally came to.
Tom finally came up with a solution to the problem.
Tom finally came up with the cash.
Tom finally came.
Tom finally caught the chicken.
Tom finally caught up to Mary.
Tom finally caught up with Mary.
Tom finally changed his name.
Tom finally confessed to the killing.
Tom finally confessed.
Tom finally contacted Mary by phone.
Tom finally convinced Mary to bake a birthday cake for John.
Tom finally convinced me that his life was more fucked up than mine.
Tom finally decided he would help us.
Tom finally decided to break up with Mary.
Tom finally decided to do something about it.
Tom finally decided to go to Australia.
Tom finally decided to go to Boston.
Tom finally decided to propose to Mary.
Tom finally decided to try doing this.
Tom finally decided to try jumping over the stream.
Tom finally did go away.
Tom finally did it.
Tom finally did something right.
Tom finally did that.
Tom finally did what he agreed to do.
Tom finally died on October 20th.
Tom finally discovered the truth.
Tom finally fell asleep.
Tom finally figured out the problem.
Tom finally figured out what he was supposed to do.
Tom finally figured out what he'd been doing wrong.
Tom finally figured out what hed been doing wrong.
Tom finally figured out where the treasure was hidden.
Tom finally finished doing that yesterday evening.
Tom finally found Mary in the library.
Tom finally found Mary.
Tom finally found a girlfriend, who doesn't want to take advantage of him.
Tom finally found a job after spending three weeks looking for one.
Tom finally found a job.
Tom finally found a way to convince Mary.
Tom finally found his keys.
Tom finally found his missing keys.
Tom finally found his way home.
Tom finally found out how to make it.
Tom finally found out why Mary hated him.
Tom finally found what he was looking for.
Tom finally found what he'd been looking for.
Tom finally found what was looking for.
Tom finally gathered up his courage and asked Mary out on a date.
Tom finally gave his consent.
Tom finally gave in.
Tom finally gave up smoking.
Tom finally gave up.
Tom finally got Mary's attention.
Tom finally got a driver's license when he was thirty.
Tom finally got a hold of Mary.
Tom finally got a job.
Tom finally got a text from Mary.
Tom finally got around to calling his grandmother. It turned out she was dead.
Tom finally got around to going to the dentist.
Tom finally got back on track.
Tom finally got back to sleep.
Tom finally got caught.
Tom finally got here around lunch time.
Tom finally got here.
Tom finally got his day in court.
Tom finally got his wish.
Tom finally got hold of the rare stamp he wanted.
Tom finally got home just after midnight.
Tom finally got it.
Tom finally got out of the pool, after spending all morning swimming.
Tom finally got the courage to ask Mary out.
Tom finally got the courage to ask Mary to marry him.
Tom finally got the courage to propose to his girlfriend.
Tom finally got the door open.
Tom finally got the hint.
Tom finally got the message and left.
Tom finally got the nerve to ask Mary out.
Tom finally got the window open.
Tom finally got to Australia.
Tom finally got up the courage to ask Mary out on a date.
Tom finally got up the courage to ask Mary out.
Tom finally got up.
Tom finally got what he wanted.
Tom finally graduated from college when he was thirty.
Tom finally had to get a restraining order because Mary kept stalking him.
Tom finally had to retire.
Tom finally hung up.
Tom finally learned to do that when he was thirty.
Tom finally left.
Tom finally looked at me.
Tom finally lost his temper.
Tom finally lost patience.
Tom finally made it to Boston just before dark.
Tom finally made it to the top of the stairs.
Tom finally made it.
Tom finally made up his mind to ask Mary out.
Tom finally made up his mind to leave Mary.
Tom finally made up his mind to marry Mary.
Tom finally managed to buy everything he needed.
Tom finally managed to buy what he needed.
Tom finally managed to do it.
Tom finally managed to do that.
Tom finally managed to do what he was trying to do.
Tom finally managed to get Mary's true opinion out of her.
Tom finally managed to get a hold of Mary.
Tom finally managed to get rid of Mary.
Tom finally managed to get the safe open.
Tom finally managed to make Mary laugh.
Tom finally managed to make Mary smile.
Tom finally managed to open the jar.
Tom finally managed to open the safe.
Tom finally managed to persuade Mary to do that.
Tom finally managed to persuade Mary to go to the dance with him.
Tom finally managed to persuade Mary to help him.
Tom finally managed to pry Mary's real opinion from her.
Tom finally managed to uncork the bottle.
Tom finally managed to win.
Tom finally married a Kabyle woman.
Tom finally met Mary.
Tom finally mustered up the courage to ask Mary out.
Tom finally mustered up the courage to ask Mary to go out with him.
Tom finally mustered up the courage to ask Mary to lend him the money he needed.
Tom finally mustered up the courage to ask Mary to marry him.
Tom finally mustered up the courage to say what needed to be said.
Tom finally mustered up the courage to talk to Mary.
Tom finally mustered up the courage to talk to her.
Tom finally mustered up the courage to tell Mary that he loved her.
Tom finally mustered up the courage to tell Mary the truth.
Tom finally noticed that Mary had a phone up to her ear.
Tom finally noticed that Mary was staring at him.
Tom finally noticed what Mary was doing.
Tom finally overcame his shyness and asked Mary if she' go out with him.
Tom finally overcame his shyness and asked Mary to go out with him.
Tom finally persuaded Mary to buy it.
Tom finally persuaded Mary with these words.
Tom finally quit smoking.
Tom finally reached the hotel.
Tom finally realized Mary didn't really like him.
Tom finally realized Mary was never going to consider him her boyfriend.
Tom finally realized Mary was right.
Tom finally realized he'd been wrong.
Tom finally realized that Mary didn't really like him.
Tom finally realized that Mary was never going to consider him her boyfriend.
Tom finally realized that Mary was right.
Tom finally realized that he shouldn't be doing that.
Tom finally realized that he'd been wrong.
Tom finally realized that there was something wrong.
Tom finally realized there was something wrong.
Tom finally regained consciousness.
Tom finally relented.
Tom finally returned home.
Tom finally said something.
Tom finally sat down.
Tom finally saw his chance to ask Mary to dance.
Tom finally saw his name on the front page.
Tom finally showed up after everyone else had left.
Tom finally showed up around 2:30.
Tom finally showed up.
Tom finally showered.
Tom finally smiled.
Tom finally snapped.
Tom finally solved the problem.
Tom finally solved the puzzle.
Tom finally spoke up.
Tom finally spoke.
Tom finally stood up.
Tom finally stopped laughing.
Tom finally stopped.
Tom finally succeeded in getting Mary to tell him how she really felt.
Tom finally succeeded in getting a job that he liked.
Tom finally succeeded in getting a job.
Tom finally succeeded in getting the door open.
Tom finally succumbed after weeks of suffering.
Tom finally surrendered.
Tom finally talked Mary into buying a new computer.
Tom finally talked Mary into lending him her accordion.
Tom finally talked Mary into selling him her old violin.
Tom finally told Mary the truth.
Tom finally told me the truth three years later.
Tom finally told me.
Tom finally told the truth.
Tom finally told us the truth.
Tom finally took off his coat.
Tom finally understood it.
Tom finally understood why.
Tom finally went to Australia last summer.
Tom finally went to Boston last summer.
Tom finally went to a doctor.
Tom finally went to sleep.
Tom finally woke up.
Tom finally won something.
Tom financed it.
Tom finds Australia very interesting.
Tom finds Mary attractive.
Tom finds Mary irritating.
Tom finds Mary's mother quite intimidating.
Tom finds Mary's mother to be quite intimidating.
Tom finds beauty in a balanced life.
Tom finds beauty in simplicity.
Tom finds doing that interesting.
Tom finds fault with everything I do.
Tom finds fault with everything I say.
Tom finds fault with everything.
Tom finds formalities tedious.
Tom finds it difficult to eat with his new dentures.
Tom finds it difficult to keep up with the rest of the class.
Tom finds it difficult to read small print.
Tom finds it difficult to trust people.
Tom finds it easier to have no chocolate, than to try to limit himself to a couple of pieces.
Tom finds it frustrating how it seems like nobody in the world can relate to his problems.
Tom finds it hard to live on his income.
Tom finds it hard to sit through a movie without going to sleep.
Tom finds it hard to trust people.
Tom finds it hard to unwind after work and has trouble getting to sleep.
Tom finds it much easier to speak English than French.
Tom finds it much easier to speak French than English.
Tom finds it really frustrating.
Tom finds it unnatural.
Tom finds joy in learning something new and then explaining it to Mary.
Tom finds joy in trolling others.
Tom finds that explaining things to Mary helps him organize his thoughts.
Tom finds that his daily visit to the gym is great for clearing the cobwebs in his head.
Tom finds that learning with Mary helps him stay motivated.
Tom finds value in every piece of feedback Mary shares with him.
Tom finished Mary's drink for her.
Tom finished Mary's drink.
Tom finished Mary's soup.
Tom finished Schubert's Symphony No. 8 in B minor.
Tom finished a novel.
Tom finished before anyone else.
Tom finished breakfast before 7:30.
Tom finished building his house three years ago.
Tom finished cleaning the kitchen and then started cleaning the living room.
Tom finished college last year.
Tom finished dinner just before Mary got home.
Tom finished doing his homework an hour ago.
Tom finished doing his homework before dinner.
Tom finished doing that about an hour ago.
Tom finished doing that about three hours ago.
Tom finished doing that an hour ago.
Tom finished doing that before noon.
Tom finished doing that by himself.
Tom finished doing that in October.
Tom finished doing that in three hours.
Tom finished doing that last month.
Tom finished doing that on October 20th.
Tom finished doing that very quickly.
Tom finished doing that yesterday.
Tom finished doing the dishes.
Tom finished drinking his beer and ordered another one.
Tom finished drying his face.
Tom finished eating all the ice cream that was in the freezer.
Tom finished eating and left the restaurant.
Tom finished eating before Mary got home.
Tom finished eating breakfast before Mary woke up.
Tom finished eating then washed the dishes.
Tom finished eating.
Tom finished everything he needed to do.
Tom finished everything on his plate.
Tom finished far behind, in last place.
Tom finished first.
Tom finished his beer and ordered another one.
Tom finished his beer and then got up to leave.
Tom finished his beer.
Tom finished his chores and then he did his homework.
Tom finished his chores faster than usual today.
Tom finished his chores in no time.
Tom finished his coffee and asked for a refill.
Tom finished his coffee and left for work.
Tom finished his coffee and put his mug down.
Tom finished his coffee and put the mug down.
Tom finished his coffee and went off to work.
Tom finished his coffee.
Tom finished his degree.
Tom finished his dessert.
Tom finished his drink and asked for another one.
Tom finished his drink and then ordered another one.
Tom finished his drink.
Tom finished his glass of milk.
Tom finished his glass of wine.
Tom finished his homework before dinner.
Tom finished his homework before going to sleep.
Tom finished his homework quickly.
Tom finished his homework, so he went to bed.
Tom finished his homework.
Tom finished his ice cream before Mary finished hers.
Tom finished his lunch.
Tom finished his meal and then left.
Tom finished his meal first.
Tom finished his meal.
Tom finished his plate almost as fast as I did.
Tom finished his sandwich.
Tom finished his shift and went home.
Tom finished his shopping before Mary finished hers.
Tom finished his soup.
Tom finished his speech.
Tom finished his wine.
Tom finished his work and went home.
Tom finished his work.
Tom finished in last place.
Tom finished in the top three.
Tom finished in third place.
Tom finished it.
Tom finished last.
Tom finished loading the truck.
Tom finished off the ice cream that was in the freezer.
Tom finished off the ice cream.
Tom finished off the soup.
Tom finished packing his suitcase.
Tom finished reading a book and went for a walk.
Tom finished reading that book in one night.
Tom finished reading that book last night.
Tom finished reading the book and returned it to Mary.
Tom finished reading the letter and put it in his desk drawer.
Tom finished reading the magazine and put it on the table.
Tom finished reading the newspaper and handed it to Mary.
Tom finished school in June.
Tom finished second-to-last.
Tom finished second.
Tom finished secondary school last year.
Tom finished talking to Mary on the phone.
Tom finished that job last month.
Tom finished the bottle of wine by himself.
Tom finished the cake.
Tom finished the dishes.
Tom finished the job as soon as he could.
Tom finished the job himself.
Tom finished the job in three days.
Tom finished the job in three hours.
Tom finished the job quickly.
Tom finished the job.
Tom finished the quiz early.
Tom finished the race.
Tom finished the report in time.
Tom finished the slave school; he'll be a human resource soon.
Tom finished the song he's been working on.
Tom finished the soup.
Tom finished the work by himself.
Tom finished the work in three days.
Tom finished the work without any difficulty.
Tom finished third in the race.
Tom finished third.
Tom finished washing the dishes.
Tom finished what he was doing and then came over to talk to us.
Tom finished with a withering burst and won the race by the smallest of margins.
Tom finished working and went home.
Tom finished writing the report in less than three hours.
Tom finished.
Tom finishes his shift at 2:30.
Tom fired John.
Tom fired Mary because she often showed up late for work.
Tom fired Mary yesterday.
Tom fired Mary.
Tom fired Vladimir and nobody knows why.
Tom fired Vladimir for serious breach of working discipline.
Tom fired a couple of rounds.
Tom fired a couple of shots in our direction.
Tom fired a shot at Mary.
Tom fired a shot.
Tom fired a third shot.
Tom fired a warning shot.
Tom fired and missed.
Tom fired as soon as he saw me.
Tom fired back at the police.
Tom fired first.
Tom fired his agent.
Tom fired his gun and hit what he was aiming at.
Tom fired his gun and missed.
Tom fired his gun as soon as he saw me.
Tom fired his gun at Mary.
Tom fired his gun at the rabbit.
Tom fired his gun three times.
Tom fired his gun.
Tom fired his maid.
Tom fired his pistol without hesitation.
Tom fired his pistol.
Tom fired his promoter, as attendance at his concerts had dropped sharply.
Tom fired his revolver at the man who had just killed Mary.
Tom fired his rifle.
Tom fired his secretary.
Tom fired his weapon.
Tom fired into the crowd.
Tom fired me.
Tom fired once.
Tom fired one of his maids.
Tom fired one shot at Mary.
Tom fired the attorney.
Tom fired the pistol three times.
Tom fired them all.
Tom fired three shots at Mary.
Tom fired three shots.
Tom fired without hesitation.
Tom fired.
Tom firmly believes this.
Tom first came out as a furry to Mary, and she said she'd support him.
Tom first came to Australia three years ago.
Tom first came to Australia when he was three years old.
Tom first came to Australia when he was three.
Tom first came to Boston three years ago.
Tom first came to Boston when he was three years old.
Tom first came to Japan when he was three years old.
Tom first came to visit us three years ago.
Tom first did that three years ago.
Tom first met Mary Australia.
Tom first met Mary at a cafe in Boston.
Tom first met Mary at a conference in Australia.
Tom first met Mary in Australia.
Tom first met Mary in Boston.
Tom first met Mary three years ago.
Tom first met Mary when he was thirteen years old.
Tom first met Mary when he was thirteen.
Tom first met Mary when they were college students.
Tom first met Mary when they were in high school.
Tom first met his wife Mary at a soccer game.
Tom first tried drugs at a frat party.
Tom first went to Australia in 2013.
Tom fished a key out of his pocket and unlocked the door.
Tom fished out his phone from his pocket.
Tom fished through his pockets for his keys.
Tom fishes alone in a skiff.
Tom fit in beautifully.
Tom fixed Mary a cocktail.
Tom fixed Mary something to eat.
Tom fixed Mary's bicycle for her.
Tom fixed Mary's bicycle.
Tom fixed Mary's broken doll.
Tom fixed Mary's car.
Tom fixed Mary's satellite receiver.
Tom fixed a watch.
Tom fixed everything.
Tom fixed himself a cocktail.
Tom fixed himself a cup of herbal tea.
Tom fixed himself a cup of tea.
Tom fixed his bicycle.
Tom fixed his car himself.
Tom fixed his car.
Tom fixed his clock.
Tom fixed his eyes on the ceiling.
Tom fixed his eyes on the target.
Tom fixed his hair.
Tom fixed it with a hammer.
Tom fixed it, and now it's as good as new.
Tom fixed it.
Tom fixed me a cup of tea.
Tom fixed me up with his cousin.
Tom fixed my bicycle for me.
Tom fixed my bicycle.
Tom fixed my bike for me.
Tom fixed my bike.
Tom fixed my car for me.
Tom fixed my car.
Tom fixed my computer.
Tom fixed my umbrella for me.
Tom fixed that bug last week.
Tom fixed that three weeks ago.
Tom fixed the TV.
Tom fixed the alarm.
Tom fixed the broken chair.
Tom fixed the broken clock.
Tom fixed the broken door.
Tom fixed the broken fan.
Tom fixed the broken radio.
Tom fixed the broken watch.
Tom fixed the bug.
Tom fixed the car all by himself.
Tom fixed the car himself.
Tom fixed the car.
Tom fixed the circuit breaker.
Tom fixed the dishwasher.
Tom fixed the door.
Tom fixed the dripping faucet.
Tom fixed the dripping tap.
Tom fixed the faucet that was dripping.
Tom fixed the fence.
Tom fixed the flat tire by himself.
Tom fixed the latch.
Tom fixed the lawnmower.
Tom fixed the leaky faucet.
Tom fixed the light switch.
Tom fixed the lock.
Tom fixed the mower.
Tom fixed the net.
Tom fixed the old chainsaw that he found at the dump.
Tom fixed the problem right away.
Tom fixed the problem.
Tom fixed the radio.
Tom fixed the roof of his house just yesterday.
Tom fixed the stove for Mary.
Tom fixed the wobbly chair.
Tom fixed us a snack.
Tom fixes computers for a living.
Tom fixes his bike.
Tom fixes things.
Tom flagged down a police officer.
Tom flagged down a taxi.
Tom flashed a disarming smile.
Tom flashed a smile at Mary.
Tom flashed a white-power sign.
Tom flashed his headlights at Mary.
Tom flashed his headlights.
Tom flashed his lights at Mary.
Tom flat out refused to speak to me.
Tom flatly refused.
Tom flaunts his wealth.
Tom fled from captivity several times.
Tom fled from the prisoner camp.
Tom fled from the scene.
Tom fled on foot.
Tom fled slavery by escaping to Canada.
Tom fled the country to Argentina.
Tom fled the country.
Tom fled the crime scene.
Tom fled the law and escaped to Brazil.
Tom fled the scene before the police arrived.
Tom fled the scene.
Tom fled to Australia.
Tom fled to Boston.
Tom fled to Canada before the war.
Tom fled to Canada during the war.
Tom fled to Canada.
Tom fled to Germany before he could be arrested.
Tom fled.
Tom flew a kite with his son.
Tom flew a kite.
Tom flew all to way to Boston just to see me.
Tom flew back to Australia for a funeral.
Tom flew back to Australia last week.
Tom flew for the first time in his life.
Tom flew from Boston to Chicago.
Tom flew home to Boston.
Tom flew in from Australia this morning.
Tom flew in from Boston that night.
Tom flew in from Boston this morning.
Tom flew in from Boston.
Tom flew in on the last flight from Boston.
Tom flew into a childish fit of rage and threw his glasses on the floor with enough force to break them.
Tom flew into a rage.
Tom flew into an uncontrollable rage.
Tom flew out of the saddle.
Tom flew over the parked car with his bicycle.
Tom flew to Atlantis on the back of a unicorn.
Tom flew to Australia last Monday.
Tom flew to Australia on Monday.
Tom flew to Australia on business.
Tom flew to Australia to attend his son's wedding.
Tom flew to Australia yesterday.
Tom flew to Australia.
Tom flew to Boston last Monday.
Tom flew to Boston on Monday.
Tom flew to Boston on October 20th.
Tom flew to Boston on business.
Tom flew to Boston to attend his daughter's wedding.
Tom flew to Boston to spend a few weeks with Mary.
Tom flew to Boston today.
Tom flew to Boston yesterday.
Tom flew to Boston.
Tom flew.
Tom flexed his arms.
Tom flexed his biceps.
Tom flexed his muscles in front of the mirror.
Tom flexed his muscles.
Tom flicked her wand.
Tom flicked his wand.
Tom flicked off the TV.
Tom flicked on the light.
Tom flicked the ant off him.
Tom flicked the ant off himself.
Tom flicked the switch and the lights came on.
Tom flicked the switch.
Tom flies a chopper.
Tom flies all over the world.
Tom flies economy class to save money.
Tom flies economy to save money.
Tom flinched involuntarily.
Tom flinched.
Tom flipped a coin.
Tom flipped furiously through the pages.
Tom flipped his phone open.
Tom flipped off the lights.
Tom flipped on the TV.
Tom flipped on the dining room light.
Tom flipped on the light.
Tom flipped on the lights as he entered the room.
Tom flipped on the lights.
Tom flipped on the radio.
Tom flipped open his cell phone and made a call.
Tom flipped out completely.
Tom flipped over the card and saw that it was the ace of spades.
Tom flipped the channels.
Tom flipped the coin and said, "Heads or Tails?"
Tom flipped the coin in the air and then caught it.
Tom flipped the coin.
Tom flipped the page and continued reading.
Tom flipped the switch and the lights came on.
Tom flipped the switch.
Tom flipped through the channels.
Tom flipped through the magazine.
Tom flipped through the pages of his notebook.
Tom flipped through the pages of the magazine.
Tom flipped through the pages.
Tom flipped through the photographs.
Tom flirted inappropriately with customers.
Tom flirted with Mary at work.
Tom flirted with Mary on the phone.
Tom flirted with Mary.
Tom flirted with both Mary and Alice all evening.
Tom flirted with many women in the office.
Tom flirted with me.
Tom flirted with the waitress.
Tom flirts with every woman he meets.
Tom floated down the river in a barrel.
Tom floated down the river on a raft.
Tom floated downstream on a raft.
Tom flopped down on his bed.
Tom flopped down on the couch, exhausted after a hard day's work.
Tom flopped onto his bed and was soon fast asleep.
Tom flosses his teeth at least once a day.
Tom flosses his teeth at least once a week.
Tom flosses his teeth at least three times a week.
Tom flosses his teeth every day.
Tom flosses his teeth several times a week.
Tom flosses his teeth.
Tom fluently speaks French and English.
Tom flung his arms around his brother's neck and hugged him.
Tom flung his satchel into the corner and went to his room without saying word.
Tom flung open the door.
Tom flung the door open.
Tom flunked algebra.
Tom flunked first grade.
Tom flunked his driving test.
Tom flunked out of college.
Tom flunked out of law school.
Tom flunked out of med school.
Tom flunked the exam.
Tom flunked third grade.
Tom flushed slightly.
Tom flushed the drugs down the toilet.
Tom flushed the pills down the toilet.
Tom flushed the toilet.
Tom focused on his work.
Tom focuses on the positive and doesn't dwell on the negative.
Tom folded an origami crane.
Tom folded his T-shirt carefully.
Tom folded his arms across his chest.
Tom folded his arms over his chest.
Tom folded his arms.
Tom folded his clothes and put them in his suitcase.
Tom folded his clothes carefully.
Tom folded his clothes.
Tom folded his handkerchief.
Tom folded his laundry.
Tom folded his sheets.
Tom folded his shirts and put them into his suitcase.
Tom folded his shirts.
Tom folded the blanket.
Tom folded the blankets and put them into the closet.
Tom folded the blankets.
Tom folded the folding chair.
Tom folded the letter and put it into the envelope.
Tom folded the letter.
Tom folded the map and put it back in the glove compartment.
Tom folded the map and put it back into the glove compartment.
Tom folded the map up and put it back in the glove compartment.
Tom folded the napkin into a crane.
Tom folded the napkins carefully.
Tom folded the napkins.
Tom folded the newspaper and put it back into his briefcase.
Tom folded the newspaper and put it into his pack.
Tom folded the newspaper and put it under his arm.
Tom folded the paper and put it in his pocket.
Tom folded the paper back up.
Tom folded the paper before handing it to Mary.
Tom folded the paper in half before handing it to Mary.
Tom folded the paper.
Tom folded the piece of paper in half.
Tom folded the piece of paper into a crane.
Tom folded the towels and put them on the shelf.
Tom folded up his umbrella.
Tom folded up the newspaper and put it on his desk.
Tom followed John across a cornfield.
Tom followed Mary around the store.
Tom followed Mary around the supermarket.
Tom followed Mary down the stairs.
Tom followed Mary down to the basement.
Tom followed Mary here.
Tom followed Mary home.
Tom followed Mary in.
Tom followed Mary inside.
Tom followed Mary into John's office.
Tom followed Mary into her office.
Tom followed Mary into the cave.
Tom followed Mary into the hall.
Tom followed Mary into the house.
Tom followed Mary into the kitchen, picked up a knife and threatened her with it.
Tom followed Mary into the kitchen.
Tom followed Mary into the library.
Tom followed Mary into the office.
Tom followed Mary into the room.
Tom followed Mary out into the hall.
Tom followed Mary out of the hospital.
Tom followed Mary out of the house.
Tom followed Mary out of the room.
Tom followed Mary out the door.
Tom followed Mary out.
Tom followed Mary over the bridge.
Tom followed Mary through the gate.
Tom followed Mary through the tunnel.
Tom followed Mary to Boston.
Tom followed Mary up the stairs.
Tom followed Mary upstairs.
Tom followed Mary with a hidden camera.
Tom followed Mary's advice and recommendations.
Tom followed Mary's advice.
Tom followed Mary's car across the streets of Boston.
Tom followed Mary's example.
Tom followed Mary's footprints in the snow.
Tom followed Mary's instructions.
Tom followed Mary's lead.
Tom followed Mary.
Tom followed Marys instructions.
Tom followed after Mary.
Tom followed behind Mary, carrying two suitcases.
Tom followed behind Mary.
Tom followed close behind Mary.
Tom followed closely behind Mary.
Tom followed his instincts.
Tom followed his intuition.
Tom followed his parents down the street.
Tom followed his passion fearlessly.
Tom followed in his father's footsteps and became a lawyer.
Tom followed in his father's footsteps.
Tom followed me here.
Tom followed me home.
Tom followed me night and day.
Tom followed me to the garage.
Tom followed me to the park.
Tom followed me.
Tom followed my advice.
Tom followed the assailant.
Tom followed the bus on his bicycle.
Tom followed the group out the door.
Tom followed the guidelines.
Tom followed the instructions.
Tom followed the moth outside the cabin.
Tom followed the procedure.
Tom followed the procedures.
Tom followed the rabbit's tracks.
Tom followed the recipe exactly.
Tom followed the river.
Tom followed the rules to the letter.
Tom followed the rules.
Tom followed the stream for a couple of kilometers.
Tom followed the suspect.
Tom followed them.
Tom followed us around.
Tom followed us everywhere.
Tom followed us here.
Tom followed us.
Tom followed you here.
Tom followed.
Tom follows Mary around.
Tom follows Mary on Twitter.
Tom follows Mary wherever she goes.
Tom follows a band around in a van with Mary, John, and Alice.
Tom follows a low-carb diet.
Tom follows a paleo diet.
Tom follows a raw vegan diet.
Tom follows a strict vegan diet.
Tom follows a vegan diet.
Tom follows me everywhere.
Tom follows me like a sheep.
Tom follows orders.
Tom fondled Mary's breasts.
Tom fooled Mary.
Tom fooled all of us.
Tom fooled around with one of his high school students and got her pregnant.
Tom fooled everybody, including me.
Tom fooled everybody.
Tom fooled everyone.
Tom fooled me.
Tom fooled them all.
Tom fooled them.
Tom fooled us all.
Tom fooled us.
Tom foolishly designed a coat of arms for his obnoxious cat.
Tom foolishly dove into shallow water.
Tom for Mary and Mary for Tom were alternatively the subject and the object.
Tom foraged through the forest.
Tom forced Mary to do it.
Tom forced Mary to do that.
Tom forced Mary to eat a frog.
Tom forced Mary to give false information to the police.
Tom forced Mary to give him the money.
Tom forced Mary to sign the contract.
Tom forced Mary to sign the document.
Tom forced Mary to sign the suicide note.
Tom forced Mary to sit down.
Tom forced Mary to watch a video of a woman being gang-raped.
Tom forced a smile.
Tom forced back the urge to scream.
Tom forced himself to do it.
Tom forced himself to do that.
Tom forced himself to get up early.
Tom forced himself to laugh.
Tom forced himself to smile.
Tom forced himself to speak.
Tom forced himself to stay alert.
Tom forced himself to stay focused.
Tom forced his way into Mary's house.
Tom forced his way into Mary's office.
Tom forced his way into my office.
Tom forced his way into the room.
Tom forced his way onto the boat.
Tom forced me to do his homework.
Tom forced me to do it.
Tom forced me to do that.
Tom forced me to do this.
Tom forced me to follow him to his room.
Tom forced me to go there.
Tom forced me to go.
Tom forced me to leave.
Tom forced me to open the box.
Tom forced me to send your wife that letter.
Tom forced open the door with a crowbar.
Tom forced the door open.
Tom forced them to do that.
Tom forced us to do it.
Tom forced us to do that.
Tom forced us to leave.
Tom forgave Mary breaking her promise.
Tom forgave Mary for breaking her promise.
Tom forgave Mary for killing his dog.
Tom forgave Mary for losing all his money.
Tom forgave Mary on his deathbed.
Tom forgave Mary.
Tom forgave me everything.
Tom forgave me for breaking my promise.
Tom forgave me for doing that.
Tom forgave me.
Tom forgave us.
Tom forgave you.
Tom forged Mary's signature.
Tom forged his boss's signature.
Tom forged his father's signature.
Tom forged his mother's signature.
Tom forged the signature on the document.
Tom forges his boss' signature.
Tom forgets Mary's birthday every year.
Tom forgives me.
Tom forgives you.
Tom forgot Mary's address.
Tom forgot Mary's birthday.
Tom forgot Mary's name.
Tom forgot Mary's phone number.
Tom forgot Mary.
Tom forgot Marys address.
Tom forgot Marys phone number.
Tom forgot about Mary.
Tom forgot about it.
Tom forgot about me as well.
Tom forgot about the meeting.
Tom forgot all about Mary's party.
Tom forgot all about Mary.
Tom forgot all about me.
Tom forgot all about the meeting.
Tom forgot all about them.
Tom forgot all about us.
Tom forgot almost everything that he had learned about it.
Tom forgot he'd promised to call Mary last night.
Tom forgot his French textbook at home.
Tom forgot his appointment.
Tom forgot his books at school.
Tom forgot his brolly in the car.
Tom forgot his coat downstairs.
Tom forgot his driver's license at home.
Tom forgot his glasses.
Tom forgot his grocery list.
Tom forgot his key so he crawled in through the window.
Tom forgot his key.
Tom forgot his keys at home.
Tom forgot his keys.
Tom forgot his laptop in his office.
Tom forgot his lunch box on his desk, but the teacher locked the classroom.
Tom forgot his lunch.
Tom forgot his mobile.
Tom forgot his name.
Tom forgot his own birthday.
Tom forgot his password.
Tom forgot his phone.
Tom forgot his reusable shopping bag.
Tom forgot his shopping list and only got half of what he had intended to get when he went shopping.
Tom forgot his suitcase inside the train.
Tom forgot his sweater.
Tom forgot his things.
Tom forgot his trumpet at school.
Tom forgot his umbrella at home.
Tom forgot his umbrella in Mary's car.
Tom forgot his umbrella in his car.
Tom forgot his umbrella in the car.
Tom forgot his umbrella on the bus.
Tom forgot his umbrella, so I lent him mine.
Tom forgot his umbrella.
Tom forgot his wallet at home.
Tom forgot his wedding anniversary and Mary was upset.
Tom forgot his wedding anniversary.
Tom forgot his wife's birthday.
Tom forgot how to prove that the square root of 2 is irrational.
Tom forgot my birthday again this year.
Tom forgot my birthday.
Tom forgot my name.
Tom forgot one important thing.
Tom forgot something.
Tom forgot that he once told Mary that only she gave his life any meaning.
Tom forgot that he was once an inventor.
Tom forgot that he'd promised to call Mary last night.
Tom forgot the address and got lost.
Tom forgot the address.
Tom forgot the anniversary of their first date.
Tom forgot the documents.
Tom forgot the ketchup.
Tom forgot the key in the lock.
Tom forgot the keys on the table.
Tom forgot the meaning of life.
Tom forgot the milk.
Tom forgot the name of the person he was talking to.
Tom forgot the rules.
Tom forgot the safe's combination.
Tom forgot the words to the second verse, so he sang the first verse again.
Tom forgot to apply for a safety school, and now he has nowhere to go.
Tom forgot to ask Mary for permission to do that.
Tom forgot to ask Mary the question John had asked him to ask her.
Tom forgot to ask Mary the question that John had asked him to ask her.
Tom forgot to ask Mary the question that John had asked him to ask.
Tom forgot to ask Mary what he had planned to ask her.
Tom forgot to ask for permission to do that.
Tom forgot to bring a change of clothes.
Tom forgot to bring a flashlight.
Tom forgot to bring a torch.
Tom forgot to bring an extra change of clothes.
Tom forgot to bring an umbrella.
Tom forgot to bring his bathing suit.
Tom forgot to bring his camera.
Tom forgot to bring his homework to school.
Tom forgot to bring his laptop.
Tom forgot to bring his lunch today.
Tom forgot to bring his swimsuit.
Tom forgot to bring his tennis racket.
Tom forgot to bring his textbook to class.
Tom forgot to buy Mary a Christmas present.
Tom forgot to buy Mary a birthday present.
Tom forgot to buy Mary a gift.
Tom forgot to buy Mary a present.
Tom forgot to buy a Christmas present for Mary.
Tom forgot to buy a birthday present for Mary.
Tom forgot to buy a gift for Mary.
Tom forgot to buy a present for Mary.
Tom forgot to buy batteries.
Tom forgot to buy bread.
Tom forgot to buy chicken.
Tom forgot to buy eggs.
Tom forgot to buy me lunch, as he had promised.
Tom forgot to buy milk.
Tom forgot to buy soap, so he had nothing to wash his hands with.
Tom forgot to buy toothpaste.
Tom forgot to buy what Mary asked him to buy.
Tom forgot to call Mary yesterday evening.
Tom forgot to call his mother.
Tom forgot to close the door.
Tom forgot to close the window.
Tom forgot to comb his hair.
Tom forgot to do his French homework.
Tom forgot to do his homework again.
Tom forgot to do his homework.
Tom forgot to do it.
Tom forgot to do something.
Tom forgot to do that.
Tom forgot to do this.
Tom forgot to do what Mary told him to do.
Tom forgot to do what he was supposed to do.
Tom forgot to equip fire-resistant armour before going up against the dragon.
Tom forgot to feed Mary's dog.
Tom forgot to feed Marys dog.
Tom forgot to feed his dog last night.
Tom forgot to feed his dog yesterday.
Tom forgot to feed his dog.
Tom forgot to feed the dog.
Tom forgot to feed the fish.
Tom forgot to file his taxes.
Tom forgot to fill the tank.
Tom forgot to flush the toilet.
Tom forgot to give Mary her gift.
Tom forgot to give Mary the message.
Tom forgot to give me back my dictionary.
Tom forgot to give the message to Mary.
Tom forgot to go to the meeting.
Tom forgot to go to yesterday's meeting.
Tom forgot to introduce Mary to John.
Tom forgot to invite Mary to his party.
Tom forgot to latch the pool gate.
Tom forgot to let the dog out.
Tom forgot to lock his bike up, and when he came back it was gone.
Tom forgot to lock his car.
Tom forgot to lock his door.
Tom forgot to lock his house.
Tom forgot to lock the back door.
Tom forgot to lock the bathroom door.
Tom forgot to lock the door to the house.
Tom forgot to lock the door.
Tom forgot to lock the front door when he left.
Tom forgot to lock the front door.
Tom forgot to lock the gate.
Tom forgot to mail the letter.
Tom forgot to mention that to me.
Tom forgot to mention that.
Tom forgot to order chocolate truffles for Mary's birthday.
Tom forgot to pay for his purchases.
Tom forgot to pay for that.
Tom forgot to pay for the goods.
Tom forgot to pay his credit card bill on time.
Tom forgot to pay his electric bill.
Tom forgot to pay his phone bill.
Tom forgot to pay his rent.
Tom forgot to pay his water bill.
Tom forgot to pay the bill.
Tom forgot to pay the electric bill.
Tom forgot to pay the electricity bill.
Tom forgot to pay the rent.
Tom forgot to pay the water bill.
Tom forgot to pay.
Tom forgot to pick me up from school.
Tom forgot to pick me up.
Tom forgot to put a stamp on the envelope.
Tom forgot to put on his underpants today.
Tom forgot to put on underpants today.
Tom forgot to put on underwear today.
Tom forgot to put the milk back in the fridge.
Tom forgot to put the milk back in the refrigerator.
Tom forgot to put the milk in the refrigerator.
Tom forgot to release the brake.
Tom forgot to remind Mary about the meeting.
Tom forgot to remind Mary to buy eggs.
Tom forgot to remind Mary to do that.
Tom forgot to remove the price tag.
Tom forgot to renew his passport.
Tom forgot to renew his visa.
Tom forgot to salute.
Tom forgot to say goodbye to Mary.
Tom forgot to say thank you to Mary.
Tom forgot to say thank you.
Tom forgot to send Mary a Christmas card.
Tom forgot to set his alarm clock.
Tom forgot to sign his name.
Tom forgot to sign the application.
Tom forgot to sign the check.
Tom forgot to sign the cheque.
Tom forgot to sign the contract.
Tom forgot to sign the form.
Tom forgot to stamp his train ticket at the station.
Tom forgot to switch off the light in the hall before he left his house.
Tom forgot to take care of all the tasks.
Tom forgot to take his Alzheimer medication.
Tom forgot to take his medication this morning.
Tom forgot to take his medication.
Tom forgot to take his medicine.
Tom forgot to take his meds this morning.
Tom forgot to take his umbrella with him.
Tom forgot to take out the garbage.
Tom forgot to tell Mary about the meeting.
Tom forgot to tell Mary about the party.
Tom forgot to tell Mary that John had called.
Tom forgot to tell Mary that he didn't eat meat.
Tom forgot to tell Mary to buy bread.
Tom forgot to tell Mary to take the bread out of the oven.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what he had planned to tell her.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what needed to be done.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what she had to do.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what she needed to bring.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what she needed to do.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what she should bring.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what she should do.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what she was supposed to do.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what time he'd be there.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what time the concert started.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what time the meeting was going to start.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what to do.
Tom forgot to tell Mary where to meet us.
Tom forgot to tell Mary why she was supposed to do that.
Tom forgot to tell me what time the concert begins.
Tom forgot to tell me where to meet Mary.
Tom forgot to tell me where to meet him.
Tom forgot to tell us not to drink the tap water.
Tom forgot to tell you.
Tom forgot to tip the waiter.
Tom forgot to turn his mic off.
Tom forgot to turn off the basement light.
Tom forgot to turn off the gas.
Tom forgot to turn off the light.
Tom forgot to turn off the lights.
Tom forgot to turn off the microphone when he turned to say something to Mary.
Tom forgot to turn off the stove.
Tom forgot to turn on the slow cooker.
Tom forgot to turn the basement light off.
Tom forgot to turn the light off.
Tom forgot to warn Mary.
Tom forgot to wash his hands.
Tom forgot to wash the forks.
Tom forgot to wash the lettuce.
Tom forgot to water the flowers.
Tom forgot to water the plants for a whole week.
Tom forgot to water the plants.
Tom forgot to wear a hat.
Tom forgot to wear gloves.
Tom forgot to wind the clock and it stopped.
Tom forgot to write Mary.
Tom forgot to write his name on the test paper.
Tom forgot to write to Mary.
Tom forgot we needed a spare tire.
Tom forgot what I asked him.
Tom forgot what day it was.
Tom forgot what he had wanted to ask.
Tom forgot what he was supposed to buy.
Tom forgot what he was supposed to do.
Tom forgot what he was talking about.
Tom forgot what to buy.
Tom forgot where he had parked his car.
Tom forgot where he left his umbrella.
Tom forgot where he put his cell phone.
Tom forgot where he put his glasses.
Tom forgot where he'd parked his car.
Tom forgot where he'd put his glasses.
Tom forgot who said it.
Tom forgot why he had come.
Tom forgot.
Tom formed a band with a couple of friends.
Tom formed a garage band called The Squirrels.
Tom formerly played percussion.
Tom formulated a plan to steal Mary's safe.
Tom forwarded John the email that he received from Mary.
Tom forwarded the email he received from Mary to John.
Tom forwarded the email message he received from Mary to John.
Tom forwarded the email message that he received from Mary to John.
Tom forwarded the email that he received from Mary to John.
Tom fought John.
Tom fought Mary.
Tom fought a good fight.
Tom fought alongside John.
Tom fought back his tears.
Tom fought back.
Tom fought bravely.
Tom fought for his life.
Tom fought hard.
Tom fought his way through the crowd.
Tom fought his way through the flames and rescued the child from the burning house.
Tom fought in Vietnam.
Tom fought in both world wars.
Tom fought in the War On Drugs on the side of drugs.
Tom fought like a cornered rat.
Tom fought off his assailant.
Tom fought off his attacker.
Tom fought off his attackers.
Tom fought off the attacker.
Tom fought the ticket in court.
Tom fought the urge to laugh.
Tom fought to hold back his tears.
Tom fought to protect you.
Tom fought well.
Tom fought with all his might.
Tom fought with all his strength.
Tom fought with the intruder.
Tom fought.
Tom found $5 in the dryer.
Tom found Boston on the map.
Tom found Christmas presents hidden under his parents' bed.
Tom found God in prison.
Tom found God when he was homeless; I stopped believing in God when I was.
Tom found Mary a good job in Australia.
Tom found Mary a good job in Boston.
Tom found Mary a good job.
Tom found Mary a job in a supermarket.
Tom found Mary a job not too far from where she lives.
Tom found Mary a job.
Tom found Mary a little strange.
Tom found Mary a little weird.
Tom found Mary a nice apartment.
Tom found Mary a seat.
Tom found Mary a taxi.
Tom found Mary an apartment not too far from where she works.
Tom found Mary and brought her home.
Tom found Mary attractive.
Tom found Mary crying in her room.
Tom found Mary crying in the bathroom.
Tom found Mary crying.
Tom found Mary dead in the bathroom.
Tom found Mary dressed in rags.
Tom found Mary face down on the ground.
Tom found Mary fascinating.
Tom found Mary fun to talk to.
Tom found Mary hiding in a closet.
Tom found Mary hiding in his closet.
Tom found Mary hiding in the closet.
Tom found Mary in her bedroom.
Tom found Mary in the emergency room.
Tom found Mary irresistible.
Tom found Mary lying unconscious on the kitchen floor.
Tom found Mary pretty.
Tom found Mary reading a book.
Tom found Mary repulsive.
Tom found Mary right where he'd left her.
Tom found Mary sitting on a bench in the park.
Tom found Mary very friendly.
Tom found Mary waiting for him on the porch.
Tom found Mary where he expected her to be.
Tom found Mary wonderful in bed.
Tom found Mary's ID.
Tom found Mary's address written on a page in John's notebook.
Tom found Mary's appointment book.
Tom found Mary's behavior suspicious.
Tom found Mary's car in John's driveway.
Tom found Mary's car next to her home.
Tom found Mary's constant criticism of him hard to cope with.
Tom found Mary's contact lens.
Tom found Mary's diary and read it.
Tom found Mary's diary and read the last three pages.
Tom found Mary's diary hidden behind some other books on the shelf.
Tom found Mary's diary in the bottom drawer of her dresser.
Tom found Mary's diary, but only the last three pages remained.
Tom found Mary's diary.
Tom found Mary's dog.
Tom found Mary's door partly open.
Tom found Mary's glasses on the floor.
Tom found Mary's house without difficulty.
Tom found Mary's necklace under the sofa.
Tom found Mary's necklace.
Tom found Mary's note taped to his door.
Tom found Mary's phone number in the phone book.
Tom found Mary's phone on the floor.
Tom found Mary's phone under the table.
Tom found Mary's purse under the sofa.
Tom found Mary's purse.
Tom found Mary's ring behind that couch.
Tom found Mary's ring under the couch.
Tom found Mary's secret diary.
Tom found Mary's story hard to believe.
Tom found Mary's story hard to swallow.
Tom found Mary's story interesting.
Tom found Mary's umbrella behind the sofa.
Tom found Mary's umbrella in the trunk of his car.
Tom found Mary, didn't he?
Tom found Mary, eventually.
Tom found Mary.
Tom found Marys story interesting.
Tom found a Roman coin.
Tom found a bottle with a note inside it washed up on the beach.
Tom found a box in the attic.
Tom found a box of old pictures in the attic.
Tom found a bunch of money.
Tom found a buried treasure.
Tom found a butt.
Tom found a cave big enough for him to sleep in.
Tom found a cave not too far from the beach.
Tom found a cave on the island.
Tom found a cave that was big enough for him to sleep in.
Tom found a chair and sat down.
Tom found a chest buried in the sand.
Tom found a counterexample which disproved Mary's assumption.
Tom found a crumpled piece of paper on the floor.
Tom found a dead bird in the chimney.
Tom found a dead body in the woods.
Tom found a dead body on the beach.
Tom found a dead cat in his garage.
Tom found a dead cockroach in his food.
Tom found a dead jellyfish on the beach.
Tom found a dessicated butterfly.
Tom found a diary, but he didn't know whose it was.
Tom found a dinosaur egg.
Tom found a dog's skull in his yard when he was planting a tree.
Tom found a dried-out butterfly.
Tom found a dusty box full of photos in his grandfather's attic.
Tom found a few coins on the floor.
Tom found a few good deals at the flea market.
Tom found a fly in his soup.
Tom found a fossil.
Tom found a four-leaf clover.
Tom found a golf ball in the garden.
Tom found a good hiding place.
Tom found a good job for Mary.
Tom found a good job near his house.
Tom found a good job.
Tom found a good place for me to live.
Tom found a good place for me.
Tom found a good place to hide the money that he'd stolen.
Tom found a good place to hide.
Tom found a good place to pitch the tent.
Tom found a good place to work.
Tom found a good restaurant not too far from our campus.
Tom found a good teaching job.
Tom found a gramophone in the attic.
Tom found a gun in Mary's purse.
Tom found a gun in the toilet tank.
Tom found a gun near the garbage can.
Tom found a gun.
Tom found a hair in his soup and complained to the waiter.
Tom found a hair in his soup.
Tom found a half-eaten apple behind the toaster.
Tom found a hoard.
Tom found a house that he wants to buy.
Tom found a hundred dollar bill on the street.
Tom found a job as a French teacher.
Tom found a job as a gardener.
Tom found a job as a high school French teacher.
Tom found a job as a mechanic.
Tom found a job at a supermarket.
Tom found a job for Mary.
Tom found a job for me.
Tom found a job in Australia.
Tom found a job in Boston.
Tom found a job not too far from where he lives.
Tom found a job that he can do.
Tom found a job that he likes.
Tom found a job with a good company.
Tom found a job.
Tom found a knife on the ground.
Tom found a knife.
Tom found a letter from Mary on his desk.
Tom found a loaded gun.
Tom found a lot of money.
Tom found a meteorite.
Tom found a need and he filled it.
Tom found a new job.
Tom found a new way to announce his news.
Tom found a nice apartment for Mary.
Tom found a nice apartment for me.
Tom found a nice flat for Mary.
Tom found a nice flat for me.
Tom found a nice tie for me.
Tom found a non-profit coffee shop in the university town.
Tom found a note from Mary on his desk.
Tom found a pair of rusty pliers behind his garage.
Tom found a part-time job near his home.
Tom found a pen.
Tom found a penny on the ground.
Tom found a phone in the classroom after everybody else had left.
Tom found a phone in the classroom after everyone else had left.
Tom found a picture of Mary and John.
Tom found a picture of Mary on John's phone.
Tom found a place for Mary to stay.
Tom found a place to live in Boston.
Tom found a place to live.
Tom found a place to park.
Tom found a place to stay.
Tom found a place where he could play golf for free.
Tom found a portal to another dimension.
Tom found a portal to the underworld.
Tom found a purse on the sidewalk.
Tom found a rattlesnake under the bed and quickly killed it.
Tom found a really old pair of boots in the attic.
Tom found a roommate.
Tom found a rusty hammer.
Tom found a sand dollar.
Tom found a seagull feather on the beach.
Tom found a seashell on the beach.
Tom found a seat near the door.
Tom found a seat.
Tom found a shovel in the shed.
Tom found a skeleton in the cave.
Tom found a snake in his tent.
Tom found a spoon.
Tom found a stack of lottery tickets in Mary's room.
Tom found a starfish.
Tom found a stray dog in the barn.
Tom found a suitcase full of money behind the library.
Tom found a suitcase full of money.
Tom found a surprise in his locker.
Tom found a taxi for Mary.
Tom found a treasure map.
Tom found a very old coin in the garden.
Tom found a wallet in the abandoned truck.
Tom found a wallet in the park.
Tom found a wallet lying on the sidewalk.
Tom found a wallet on the footpath.
Tom found a wallet on the pavement.
Tom found a wallet on the sidewalk.
Tom found a wallet.
Tom found a way to get it done.
Tom found a whole bunch of money.
Tom found a whole lot of money.
Tom found a woman's shawl on one of the park benches.
Tom found a wonderful spouse in Mary.
Tom found a worm hiding behind the rock.
Tom found abandoned fox cubs in the forest.
Tom found all these himself.
Tom found an abandoned young fox and adopted it.
Tom found an amazing job.
Tom found an ancient gold coin.
Tom found an ancient map.
Tom found an empty beer can in his daughter's bedroom.
Tom found an empty flask.
Tom found an empty pill bottle under the bed.
Tom found an envelope taped to his locker.
Tom found an error at the last minute in his presentation.
Tom found an error at the last minute.
Tom found an injured bird in the forest and nursed it back to health.
Tom found an injured bird.
Tom found an interesting book about Australia in the school library.
Tom found an interesting book about Boston in the school library.
Tom found an interesting piece of driftwood on the beach.
Tom found an oasis.
Tom found an old book in the attic going back to his school days.
Tom found an old book in the loft from his school days.
Tom found an old book.
Tom found an old camera in the attic.
Tom found an old coin just outside the back door.
Tom found an old map.
Tom found an old picture of his grandparents in the attic.
Tom found an old safe in his garage.
Tom found another job in his field.
Tom found another way of doing that.
Tom found another way to do it.
Tom found another way to do that.
Tom found bear tracks behind his house.
Tom found cigarette butts on the ground behind the school building.
Tom found comfort in the silence.
Tom found dragon eggs while spelunking.
Tom found everything he needed.
Tom found everything he was looking for.
Tom found evidence.
Tom found he was less depressed when he spent more time with happy, positive people who had a good sense of humour.
Tom found her.
Tom found himself a flatmate.
Tom found himself a girlfriend.
Tom found himself a housemate.
Tom found himself a job.
Tom found himself a new job.
Tom found himself a part-time job.
Tom found himself a place to pitch his tent.
Tom found himself a roommate.
Tom found himself a seat near the door.
Tom found himself a seat.
Tom found himself alone again.
Tom found himself at the emergency room.
Tom found himself bewildered.
Tom found himself chained to a huge pipe in an abandoned factory.
Tom found himself drawn to Mary.
Tom found himself face to face with his enemy.
Tom found himself in a Kafkaesque situation.
Tom found himself in a difficult situation.
Tom found himself in a pickle.
Tom found himself in a terrible fix.
Tom found himself in a tight spot.
Tom found himself in desperate financial trouble a few years ago.
Tom found himself out of work.
Tom found himself starting to hate his wife.
Tom found himself stranded on a small island.
Tom found himself struggling to keep his grades up after a romantic breakup.
Tom found himself stuck in Boston.
Tom found himself the center of attention.
Tom found his axe in a loot drop.
Tom found his bedroom unlocked.
Tom found his birth mother after a five-year search.
Tom found his car keys under the couch.
Tom found his car keys.
Tom found his contact lens near the table.
Tom found his dog near the river.
Tom found his dog waiting at the gate.
Tom found his dog.
Tom found his glasses and put them on.
Tom found his glasses.
Tom found his grandmother's old diary, which he came across after her death, fascinating reading.
Tom found his hat and put it on.
Tom found his hat in Mary's car.
Tom found his house vandalized.
Tom found his key under the sofa.
Tom found his key underneath the sofa.
Tom found his keys under the couch.
Tom found his keys under the settee.
Tom found his keys under the sofa.
Tom found his knife under the table.
Tom found his meaning of life in work with children.
Tom found his meaning of life working with children.
Tom found his missing shoe under the coffee table.
Tom found his new home here.
Tom found his new job interesting.
Tom found his niche in Boston.
Tom found his office door open.
Tom found his old camera in the back of his closet.
Tom found his old overcoat.
Tom found his phone.
Tom found his roommates annoying.
Tom found it confusing at first.
Tom found it confusing.
Tom found it difficult to answer the question.
Tom found it difficult to be cooperative.
Tom found it difficult to be impartial.
Tom found it difficult to be obedient.
Tom found it difficult to be objective.
Tom found it difficult to be punctual.
Tom found it difficult to be truthful.
Tom found it difficult to concentrate.
Tom found it difficult to decide which one to buy.
Tom found it difficult to finish all the work in just one day.
Tom found it difficult to get along with Mary.
Tom found it difficult to keep the conversation going.
Tom found it difficult to make friends.
Tom found it difficult to make himself understood in French.
Tom found it difficult to please Mary.
Tom found it difficult to please him.
Tom found it difficult to remain angry.
Tom found it difficult to remain annoyed.
Tom found it difficult to remain awake.
Tom found it difficult to remain impartial.
Tom found it difficult to remain mad.
Tom found it difficult to remain neutral.
Tom found it difficult to solve the problem.
Tom found it difficult to speak French.
Tom found it difficult to stay neutral.
Tom found it difficult to stay on his diet.
Tom found it difficult to understand Mary.
Tom found it easy to speak English with Mary.
Tom found it fairly easy to follow Mary without being seen.
Tom found it hard just to keep his composure.
Tom found it hard not to be impressed.
Tom found it hard to be cooperative.
Tom found it hard to be impartial.
Tom found it hard to be obedient.
Tom found it hard to be objective.
Tom found it hard to be punctual.
Tom found it hard to be truthful.
Tom found it hard to be unbiased.
Tom found it hard to believe Mary didn't like him at all.
Tom found it hard to believe that Mary didn't like him at all.
Tom found it hard to believe that Mary didnt like him at all.
Tom found it hard to concentrate.
Tom found it hard to do that.
Tom found it hard to hide the truth from Mary.
Tom found it hard to keep the conversation going.
Tom found it hard to make a living as a street musician.
Tom found it hard to make friends with his classmates.
Tom found it hard to make friends with his classmates. For much of the time, he stood alone in a corner of the school playground.
Tom found it hard to make friends.
Tom found it hard to pretend to be interested in doing that.
Tom found it hard to remain angry.
Tom found it hard to remain annoyed.
Tom found it hard to remain awake.
Tom found it hard to remain calm.
Tom found it hard to remain impartial.
Tom found it hard to remain mad.
Tom found it hard to remain neutral.
Tom found it hard to speak French.
Tom found it hard to stay angry.
Tom found it hard to stay awake.
Tom found it hard to stay mad.
Tom found it hard to stay neutral.
Tom found it hard to stay optimistic.
Tom found it impossible to persuade Mary.
Tom found it in the car.
Tom found it more and more difficult to ignore the pain.
Tom found it pretty enjoyable just to sit in the sun and listen to music.
Tom found it very difficult to breathe.
Tom found it very difficult to get along with Mary.
Tom found it very difficult.
Tom found it, didn't he?
Tom found it.
Tom found living with the guilt for what he had done, almost unbearable.
Tom found many more coins under the bed.
Tom found me a French teacher.
Tom found me a good job.
Tom found me a good place to live.
Tom found me a good seat.
Tom found me a job.
Tom found me a nice flat.
Tom found me a nice tie.
Tom found me a seat.
Tom found me a taxi.
Tom found me this apartment.
Tom found me this job.
Tom found me this place.
Tom found me, didn't he?
Tom found my bicycle.
Tom found my bike.
Tom found my contact lens.
Tom found my letters.
Tom found my necklace I thought I'd lost.
Tom found my necklace that I thought I'd lost.
Tom found my wallet and returned it to me.
Tom found new evidence.
Tom found no one in the house.
Tom found nothing to say in return.
Tom found nothing.
Tom found one of the Olmec spaceships.
Tom found one.
Tom found out I'm going to Boston.
Tom found out Mary couldn't read.
Tom found out Mary used to live in Australia.
Tom found out Mary was planning a surprise birthday party for him.
Tom found out Mary was stealing from the cash register.
Tom found out Mary was the one who had stolen his sunglasses.
Tom found out Mary wasn't really from Australia.
Tom found out Mary went out with his best friend.
Tom found out about it on his own.
Tom found out about it.
Tom found out about that.
Tom found out about the operation.
Tom found out about what we did.
Tom found out he had a son.
Tom found out he was intersex.
Tom found out he was supposed to be in Boston by Monday.
Tom found out his dad wasn't his real dad.
Tom found out later that the woman he met in the park was Mary.
Tom found out nothing had changed since his last visit.
Tom found out our secret.
Tom found out something about Mary that worried him.
Tom found out that I was the one who had stolen his bicycle.
Tom found out that I'm going to Boston.
Tom found out that John was a police informer.
Tom found out that Mary used to live in Australia.
Tom found out that Mary used to live in Boston.
Tom found out that Mary was Canadian.
Tom found out that Mary was a married woman.
Tom found out that Mary was cheating on him.
Tom found out that Mary was dating John.
Tom found out that Mary was married.
Tom found out that Mary was planning a surprise birthday party for him.
Tom found out that Mary was stealing from the cash register.
Tom found out that Mary was the one who had stolen his bicycle.
Tom found out that Mary was the one who had stolen his sunglasses.
Tom found out that Mary was the one who stole his wallet.
Tom found out that Mary was wealthy.
Tom found out that Mary wasn't doing what she was supposed to be doing.
Tom found out that Mary wasn't doing what she was supposed to do.
Tom found out that Mary wasn't really from Australia.
Tom found out that Mary wasn't really from Boston.
Tom found out that Mary went out with his best friend.
Tom found out that Vladimir had violated the company regulations.
Tom found out that he had been robbed.
Tom found out that he was supposed to be in Boston by Monday.
Tom found out that his father wasn't his real father.
Tom found out that his phone had been bugged.
Tom found out that his phone had been tapped.
Tom found out that life on the road wasn't as easy as he thought it would be.
Tom found out that nothing had changed since his last visit.
Tom found out that somebody had stolen his wallet.
Tom found out that the man he thought was his father wasn't his real father.
Tom found out the truth from Mary.
Tom found out the truth.
Tom found out too late who Mary was.
Tom found out what Mary did.
Tom found out what Mary expected him to do.
Tom found out what Mary was doing.
Tom found out what the problem was.
Tom found out what went wrong.
Tom found out where Mary lives.
Tom found out where Mary was.
Tom found out where Mary worked.
Tom found out who Mary was.
Tom found out why Mary didn't want to go on a picnic with him.
Tom found out why Mary doesn't like him.
Tom found out why Mary moved to Australia.
Tom found out why Mary moved to Boston.
Tom found out.
Tom found peace there.
Tom found several T-shirts he liked.
Tom found several T-shirts that he liked.
Tom found solace in music.
Tom found some bubblegum and bought it for his son.
Tom found some chocolate in Mary's desk drawer.
Tom found some empty beer cans in Mary's car.
Tom found some empty beer cans in his backyard.
Tom found some gold coins in his backyard.
Tom found some kittens under his house.
Tom found some money.
Tom found some old books in the attic.
Tom found some old coins in his backyard.
Tom found some old magazines in the attic.
Tom found some pizza in the refrigerator.
Tom found some skeletons in the cupboard when he was researching his family history.
Tom found someone to marry.
Tom found someone's business card in his pocket, but couldn't remember where he got it.
Tom found something amazing.
Tom found something behind the couch.
Tom found something better.
Tom found something hidden behind the chest of drawers.
Tom found something hidden behind the dresser.
Tom found something in the basement, but didn't know what it was.
Tom found something interesting in his backyard.
Tom found something on the front seat of his car.
Tom found something shiny.
Tom found something.
Tom found that a little bit odd.
Tom found that book difficult to read.
Tom found that difficult to believe.
Tom found that he actually liked working for Mary.
Tom found that he couldn't study with the TV on.
Tom found that he couldnt study with the TV on.
Tom found that his vacation ended all too quickly.
Tom found that very hard to accept.
Tom found that what Mary had said was true.
Tom found that.
Tom found the article interesting.
Tom found the basement door was ajar at the vacant house next to his.
Tom found the book Mary had given him quite boring.
Tom found the book he'd been looking for for a long time.
Tom found the book he'd been looking for.
Tom found the book that he'd been looking for.
Tom found the box just where Mary said it would be.
Tom found the bug.
Tom found the chair quite comfortable.
Tom found the child crying in the street.
Tom found the dead body of a young man in the forest.
Tom found the diamonds.
Tom found the door ajar.
Tom found the door closed.
Tom found the door locked.
Tom found the door of the safe open.
Tom found the door open.
Tom found the door to his office open.
Tom found the door wide open.
Tom found the drawer empty.
Tom found the entrance to a tomb.
Tom found the entrance to an ancient tomb.
Tom found the evidence we needed to convict Mary's killer.
Tom found the evidence we needed to convict Marys killer.
Tom found the exercise exhausting.
Tom found the exercise mentally draining.
Tom found the experience enjoyable.
Tom found the experience exhilarating.
Tom found the experience frustrating.
Tom found the experience terrifying.
Tom found the hammer that he thought he'd lost.
Tom found the hat Mary was looking for in the basement.
Tom found the information he was looking for online.
Tom found the key he had been looking for.
Tom found the key he'd been looking for.
Tom found the key that he thought he'd lost.
Tom found the key that he'd been looking for.
Tom found the key.
Tom found the keys he thought he had lost.
Tom found the keys he thought he'd lost.
Tom found the keys he thought that he'd lost.
Tom found the keys he was looking for.
Tom found the keys that he thought he'd lost.
Tom found the keys that he thought that he'd lost.
Tom found the leak and fixed it.
Tom found the leak.
Tom found the letter Mary had hidden.
Tom found the letter that Mary had hidden.
Tom found the letters Mary had hidden.
Tom found the letters that Mary had hidden.
Tom found the lost children.
Tom found the missing money.
Tom found the money gone.
Tom found the necklace Mary had lost.
Tom found the necklace Mary said she'd lost.
Tom found the necklace that Mary had lost.
Tom found the note that Mary had left for him.
Tom found the office door locked.
Tom found the perfect spot to set up their beach umbrella.
Tom found the person he was looking for.
Tom found the picture he was looking for.
Tom found the place he was looking for.
Tom found the problem.
Tom found the report on a current website.
Tom found the sheer size of the city bewildering at first.
Tom found the shoes he was looking for.
Tom found the solution.
Tom found the source of the problem.
Tom found the stolen jewelry in Mary's room.
Tom found the strength to smile.
Tom found the test difficult.
Tom found the treasure at the bottom of the lake.
Tom found the treasure.
Tom found the wallet he thought he'd lost after searching the house from top to bottom.
Tom found the watch he had lost.
Tom found the watch he'd lost.
Tom found the watch that he had lost.
Tom found the work easy.
Tom found them, didn't he?
Tom found them.
Tom found these in the park. What are they?
Tom found these on the porch.
Tom found this clock at a garage sale.
Tom found this confusing at first.
Tom found this confusing.
Tom found this in your yard.
Tom found this on the porch.
Tom found this three days ago.
Tom found this under his car.
Tom found this.
Tom found three gold coins in his backyard.
Tom found tire tracks in the mud.
Tom found two forks.
Tom found two pieces that fit together.
Tom found us, didn't he?
Tom found us.
Tom found what he wanted.
Tom found what he was looking for hidden behind the couch.
Tom found what he was looking for in his car.
Tom found what he was looking for in the back of the closet.
Tom found what he was looking for in the basement.
Tom found what he was looking for on the top shelf.
Tom found what he was looking for under the table.
Tom found what he was looking for.
Tom found work as a waiter.
Tom found work in Boston.
Tom found work in a lumber yard.
Tom found your cap.
Tom found your keys.
Tom fractured his ankle.
Tom fractured his arm.
Tom fractured his skull.
Tom fractured his wrist.
Tom fragged his CO.
Tom fragged the entire admiralty.
Tom framed Mary's picture.
Tom framed Mary.
Tom framed me.
Tom framed the photograph and hung it over the bed.
Tom framed the picture of Mary.
Tom frantically dialed 911.
Tom freaked out and ran away.
Tom freaked out and started screaming.
Tom freaked out when Mary said she loved him.
Tom freaked out when Mary said that she loved him.
Tom freaked out when he heard the news.
Tom freaked out when he heard what Mary had done.
Tom freaked out.
Tom freaks me out.
Tom freed Mary.
Tom freed himself from Mary's arms.
Tom freed himself from Mary's embrace.
Tom freed himself.
Tom freed one of his slaves.
Tom freed the bird.
Tom freed the hostages.
Tom freed us.
Tom frequently abused his wife and children.
Tom frequently appears on television.
Tom frequently borrows money from his friends.
Tom frequently comes to Australia.
Tom frequently comes to Boston.
Tom frequently does it.
Tom frequently does that alone.
Tom frequently does that before lunch.
Tom frequently does that by himself.
Tom frequently does that when he's scared.
Tom frequently does that.
Tom frequently downloads movies.
Tom frequently forgets to do that.
Tom frequently forgets to lock the door.
Tom frequently forgets to pay his rent.
Tom frequently goes to Australia.
Tom frequently goes to Boston.
Tom frequently has tantrums.
Tom frequently interrupts others.
Tom frequently makes mistakes.
Tom frequently makes witty remarks.
Tom frequently speaks with Mary.
Tom frequently talks in his sleep.
Tom frequently thought of Mary.
Tom frequently waits until the last minute to pay his bills.
Tom frequently walks to work.
Tom frequently wears a hat.
Tom frequently wins races.
Tom fried an egg for breakfast.
Tom fried an egg.
Tom fried himself an egg on his car bonnet.
Tom fried himself some eggs.
Tom fried three eggs in the pan and put in bacon too, which sizzled and smelled delicious.
Tom frightened Mary into remaining silent.
Tom frightened Mary.
Tom frightened me.
Tom frightened the small child.
Tom frightened us.
Tom frightens me.
Tom from Rome went to London.
Tom frowned and got to his feet.
Tom frowned and shook his head.
Tom frowned at Mary.
Tom frowned at me.
Tom frowned nervously.
Tom frowned slightly.
Tom frowned to himself.
Tom frowned, but he didn't say anything.
Tom frowned.
Tom froze in his tracks.
Tom froze in horror.
Tom froze in panic.
Tom froze in place.
Tom froze like a deer caught in the headlights.
Tom froze like a deer in headlights.
Tom froze to death.
Tom froze when Mary found him in front of the refrigerator at 3:00 AM in the morning.
Tom froze.
Tom fucked me.
Tom fucked the shit out of Mary.
Tom fucked up again.
Tom fumbled around in the darkness.
Tom fumbled for his keys.
Tom fumbled in his pocket for the keys.
Tom fumbled in his pockets.
Tom fumbled the ball.
Tom fumbled with his keys nervously.
Tom fumbled with his keys.
Tom fumbled with the doorknob.
Tom furrowed his brow.
Tom furtively glanced at his watch.
Tom gagged Mary.
Tom gained American citizenship.
Tom gained XP.
Tom gained a level.
Tom gained a lot of weight after he got married.
Tom gained experience points.
Tom gained nothing by doing that.
Tom gained one hundred pounds after drinking five milkshakes a day for a year.
Tom gained the respect and loyalty of his employees.
Tom gained three pounds this year.
Tom gained weight over the winter.
Tom gained weight.
Tom gallantly offered Mary an arm.
Tom gambled away a fortune in one night.
Tom gambled away all of the money that his grandfather gave him.
Tom gambled away everything he had.
Tom gambled away his life savings.
Tom gambles.
Tom gargled.
Tom gargles every day.
Tom garnished his soup with sour cream.
Tom gasped for air.
Tom gasped for breath.
Tom gasped in horror.
Tom gasped in pain.
Tom gasped in surprise.
Tom gasped.
Tom gathered all his resources to solve the problem.
Tom gathered evidence against them.
Tom gathered his belongings and headed for the door.
Tom gathered his books together.
Tom gathered his children around him.
Tom gathered his composure.
Tom gathered his dirty clothes and put them into the hamper.
Tom gathered his dirty clothes and put them into the laundry basket.
Tom gathered his kids around him.
Tom gathered his papers and put them in his briefcase.
Tom gathered his stuff and left.
Tom gathered his things and headed toward the door.
Tom gathered sticks for the fire.
Tom gathered together all his belongings.
Tom gathered up his things and left.
Tom gathered wood for the fire.
Tom gave $300 to each of his sons.
Tom gave John a fat lip.
Tom gave John some of his clothes.
Tom gave Maria a diamond ring.
Tom gave Mary $1,000 in a brown paper bag.
Tom gave Mary CPR and saved her life.
Tom gave Mary CPR.
Tom gave Mary John's message.
Tom gave Mary John's number.
Tom gave Mary John's phone number.
Tom gave Mary Narcan and saved her.
Tom gave Mary a $1000 in a brown paper bag.
Tom gave Mary a Christmas present.
Tom gave Mary a French dictionary.
Tom gave Mary a French-English dictionary.
Tom gave Mary a Lebkuchen.
Tom gave Mary a Valentine's Day card.
Tom gave Mary a back massage.
Tom gave Mary a bad time yesterday.
Tom gave Mary a banana.
Tom gave Mary a bicycle.
Tom gave Mary a big hug and a kiss.
Tom gave Mary a big hug.
Tom gave Mary a big kiss.
Tom gave Mary a big smile.
Tom gave Mary a big wink.
Tom gave Mary a birthday gift.
Tom gave Mary a birthday present.
Tom gave Mary a bit of food.
Tom gave Mary a black eye.
Tom gave Mary a blank stare.
Tom gave Mary a book about Australia.
Tom gave Mary a book.
Tom gave Mary a bottle of wine.
Tom gave Mary a box of apples.
Tom gave Mary a box of assorted chocolates.
Tom gave Mary a box of chocolates, and then ate all the chocolates himself.
Tom gave Mary a box of chocolates.
Tom gave Mary a bracelet for her birthday.
Tom gave Mary a bracelet.
Tom gave Mary a brief hug.
Tom gave Mary a brief kiss.
Tom gave Mary a brief outline of his plan.
Tom gave Mary a business card.
Tom gave Mary a calendar and she put it on her refrigerator.
Tom gave Mary a call.
Tom gave Mary a cat.
Tom gave Mary a cigarette.
Tom gave Mary a cold look.
Tom gave Mary a compliment.
Tom gave Mary a concerned look.
Tom gave Mary a copy of his manuscript.
Tom gave Mary a copy of the book he wrote.
Tom gave Mary a copy of the book that he wrote.
Tom gave Mary a copy of the speech he was planning to give.
Tom gave Mary a couple of tickets to his concert.
Tom gave Mary a cup of coffee.
Tom gave Mary a detailed explanation of how it worked.
Tom gave Mary a diamond bracelet for their wedding anniversary.
Tom gave Mary a diamond bracelet.
Tom gave Mary a diamond ring.
Tom gave Mary a dirty look and then left the room.
Tom gave Mary a dirty look.
Tom gave Mary a disapproving look.
Tom gave Mary a discount.
Tom gave Mary a dog on her birthday.
Tom gave Mary a doll.
Tom gave Mary a dollar.
Tom gave Mary a drink.
Tom gave Mary a driving lesson.
Tom gave Mary a few tips.
Tom gave Mary a fist bump.
Tom gave Mary a fist-bump.
Tom gave Mary a flashlight.
Tom gave Mary a foot massage.
Tom gave Mary a free tattoo.
Tom gave Mary a friendly hug.
Tom gave Mary a friendly pat on the back.
Tom gave Mary a friendly smile.
Tom gave Mary a friendly wave.
Tom gave Mary a fur coat.
Tom gave Mary a gentle push.
Tom gave Mary a gift card.
Tom gave Mary a gift certificate on her birthday.
Tom gave Mary a gift.
Tom gave Mary a gold bracelet.
Tom gave Mary a gun.
Tom gave Mary a ham and cheese sandwich.
Tom gave Mary a hand.
Tom gave Mary a handmade potholder.
Tom gave Mary a hard time.
Tom gave Mary a heart-shaped balloon.
Tom gave Mary a heart-shaped cookie.
Tom gave Mary a hearty welcome.
Tom gave Mary a high five.
Tom gave Mary a hint.
Tom gave Mary a hug and a kiss on the cheek.
Tom gave Mary a hug and a kiss.
Tom gave Mary a hug and kissed her.
Tom gave Mary a hug.
Tom gave Mary a huge hug.
Tom gave Mary a huge kiss.
Tom gave Mary a key on a silver chain.
Tom gave Mary a key to his apartment.
Tom gave Mary a kick in the ribs.
Tom gave Mary a kiss and got into his car.
Tom gave Mary a kiss and got on the bus.
Tom gave Mary a kiss and got out of the car.
Tom gave Mary a kiss on both cheeks.
Tom gave Mary a kiss on the cheek and then he left.
Tom gave Mary a kiss on the cheek.
Tom gave Mary a kiss on the forehead.
Tom gave Mary a kiss on the lips.
Tom gave Mary a kiss on the mouth.
Tom gave Mary a kiss.
Tom gave Mary a kitten.
Tom gave Mary a knife.
Tom gave Mary a knowing look.
Tom gave Mary a large green plush python with beady eyes and a large forked tongue.
Tom gave Mary a large green stuffed python with bead eyes and a large forked tongue.
Tom gave Mary a lift back to her place.
Tom gave Mary a lift home.
Tom gave Mary a lift into town.
Tom gave Mary a lift to the station.
Tom gave Mary a lift to work.
Tom gave Mary a lift.
Tom gave Mary a light jab in the ribs.
Tom gave Mary a light kiss on the cheek.
Tom gave Mary a list of all the victims.
Tom gave Mary a little encouragement.
Tom gave Mary a little kiss on her cheek.
Tom gave Mary a little money.
Tom gave Mary a little more time.
Tom gave Mary a little push.
Tom gave Mary a little shove.
Tom gave Mary a little time.
Tom gave Mary a lot of money.
Tom gave Mary a lot.
Tom gave Mary a lusty look.
Tom gave Mary a massage.
Tom gave Mary a mean look.
Tom gave Mary a meaningful look.
Tom gave Mary a message to give to John.
Tom gave Mary a message.
Tom gave Mary a mischievous smile.
Tom gave Mary a moment to think about it.
Tom gave Mary a mug.
Tom gave Mary a murderous look and left the room.
Tom gave Mary a music box.
Tom gave Mary a nasty look.
Tom gave Mary a necklace.
Tom gave Mary a nice present.
Tom gave Mary a nod.
Tom gave Mary a novelty pencil sharpener for her birthday.
Tom gave Mary a nudge.
Tom gave Mary a pair of diamond earrings.
Tom gave Mary a passionate kiss.
Tom gave Mary a pat on the shoulder.
Tom gave Mary a peck on the cheek.
Tom gave Mary a pedicure.
Tom gave Mary a pen.
Tom gave Mary a perfunctory kiss.
Tom gave Mary a picture that he had painted.
Tom gave Mary a piece of candy.
Tom gave Mary a piece of chocolate.
Tom gave Mary a piece of his mind.
Tom gave Mary a piece of pie.
Tom gave Mary a piggyback ride.
Tom gave Mary a potted plant.
Tom gave Mary a present.
Tom gave Mary a puppy for Christmas.
Tom gave Mary a puppy.
Tom gave Mary a push.
Tom gave Mary a quick kiss and got on the bus.
Tom gave Mary a quick kiss and walked out the door.
Tom gave Mary a quick kiss on her cheek.
Tom gave Mary a quick kiss on the cheek.
Tom gave Mary a quick kiss.
Tom gave Mary a quick peck on the cheek.
Tom gave Mary a quick smile.
Tom gave Mary a reassuring hug.
Tom gave Mary a ride back to town.
Tom gave Mary a ride home after the party.
Tom gave Mary a ride home yesterday.
Tom gave Mary a ride home.
Tom gave Mary a ride to Boston.
Tom gave Mary a ride to school.
Tom gave Mary a ride.
Tom gave Mary a ring that once belonged to his grandmother.
Tom gave Mary a ring.
Tom gave Mary a roll of film.
Tom gave Mary a romantic kiss.
Tom gave Mary a rose.
Tom gave Mary a sad puppy face.
Tom gave Mary a sandwich.
Tom gave Mary a second chance.
Tom gave Mary a shawl for her birthday.
Tom gave Mary a shove.
Tom gave Mary a sideways glance.
Tom gave Mary a sinister look.
Tom gave Mary a sip of water from his canteen.
Tom gave Mary a small gift.
Tom gave Mary a small wave.
Tom gave Mary a smile.
Tom gave Mary a stack of money.
Tom gave Mary a stern look.
Tom gave Mary a strange look.
Tom gave Mary a surprise gift.
Tom gave Mary a surprised look.
Tom gave Mary a sweater.
Tom gave Mary a task to do.
Tom gave Mary a tattoo.
Tom gave Mary a tea set for her birthday.
Tom gave Mary a teddy bear.
Tom gave Mary a tender kiss.
Tom gave Mary a threatening look.
Tom gave Mary a thumbs up.
Tom gave Mary a thumbs-up.
Tom gave Mary a ticket to his concert.
Tom gave Mary a tight hug.
Tom gave Mary a tip.
Tom gave Mary a tour of his house.
Tom gave Mary a towel.
Tom gave Mary a vague answer.
Tom gave Mary a very detailed answer.
Tom gave Mary a very expensive ring.
Tom gave Mary a very nice present.
Tom gave Mary a warm hug.
Tom gave Mary a warm smile.
Tom gave Mary a warning look.
Tom gave Mary a watch.
Tom gave Mary a wave.
Tom gave Mary a week to think it over.
Tom gave Mary a weird look.
Tom gave Mary a wink.
Tom gave Mary a wooden horse he made from a tree he chopped down himself.
Tom gave Mary advice on effective ways to study French.
Tom gave Mary advice.
Tom gave Mary all his money.
Tom gave Mary all of his money.
Tom gave Mary all the money he had on him.
Tom gave Mary all the money he had.
Tom gave Mary all the money she asked for.
Tom gave Mary all the money that he had in his pocket.
Tom gave Mary almost all the stamps he had collected, and kept only a few for himself.
Tom gave Mary an allowance.
Tom gave Mary an apologetic smile.
Tom gave Mary an apple.
Tom gave Mary an approving smile.
Tom gave Mary an encouraging smile.
Tom gave Mary an engagement ring last week.
Tom gave Mary an engagement ring.
Tom gave Mary an envelope containing three hundred dollars.
Tom gave Mary an envelope he wanted her to give to John.
Tom gave Mary an envelope that he wanted her to give to John.
Tom gave Mary an envelope.
Tom gave Mary an expensive bottle of wine.
Tom gave Mary an expensive doll.
Tom gave Mary an expensive gift.
Tom gave Mary an expensive watch.
Tom gave Mary an icy glare.
Tom gave Mary an icy look.
Tom gave Mary an icy stare.
Tom gave Mary an incredulous look.
Tom gave Mary an old coin.
Tom gave Mary an opal ring.
Tom gave Mary an ultimatum.
Tom gave Mary another chance.
Tom gave Mary another wink.
Tom gave Mary artificial flowers for Valentine's Day.
Tom gave Mary back the dictionary.
Tom gave Mary bad advice.
Tom gave Mary chocolate.
Tom gave Mary detailed instructions on how to do that.
Tom gave Mary directions to go to the car pound.
Tom gave Mary directions to his house.
Tom gave Mary even more money.
Tom gave Mary everything he had, but she still wasn't satisfied.
Tom gave Mary everything he owned.
Tom gave Mary everything she asked for.
Tom gave Mary everything she needed.
Tom gave Mary everything she wanted.
Tom gave Mary everything.
Tom gave Mary exactly what she asked for.
Tom gave Mary exactly what she needed.
Tom gave Mary exactly what she said she needed.
Tom gave Mary exactly what she said she wanted.
Tom gave Mary exactly what she told him she needed.
Tom gave Mary exactly what she told him that she needed.
Tom gave Mary exactly what she wanted.
Tom gave Mary flowers and chocolate on their anniversary.
Tom gave Mary flowers.
Tom gave Mary good advice, but she didn't follow it.
Tom gave Mary half of the apple.
Tom gave Mary her bag.
Tom gave Mary her first kiss.
Tom gave Mary her money back.
Tom gave Mary her name sign.
Tom gave Mary his address.
Tom gave Mary his business card.
Tom gave Mary his calling card.
Tom gave Mary his camera.
Tom gave Mary his card.
Tom gave Mary his credit cards.
Tom gave Mary his dog.
Tom gave Mary his dogs.
Tom gave Mary his flashlight.
Tom gave Mary his heart.
Tom gave Mary his home address.
Tom gave Mary his home number.
Tom gave Mary his jacket and she hung it up.
Tom gave Mary his kidney.
Tom gave Mary his knife.
Tom gave Mary his notebook.
Tom gave Mary his number.
Tom gave Mary his old camera.
Tom gave Mary his old drum set.
Tom gave Mary his permission to do that.
Tom gave Mary his phone number.
Tom gave Mary his telephone number.
Tom gave Mary massages.
Tom gave Mary money as well as food.
Tom gave Mary money to buy a ticket.
Tom gave Mary money to buy some chocolate.
Tom gave Mary money.
Tom gave Mary moral support.
Tom gave Mary more credit than she deserved.
Tom gave Mary more money.
Tom gave Mary mouth-to-mouth.
Tom gave Mary my number.
Tom gave Mary nothing.
Tom gave Mary one of his guitars.
Tom gave Mary one of the books that John had given him.
Tom gave Mary one of the puppies.
Tom gave Mary permission to do that.
Tom gave Mary permission to drive his car.
Tom gave Mary plenty of money.
Tom gave Mary plenty of time.
Tom gave Mary plenty to eat.
Tom gave Mary quite a lot of money.
Tom gave Mary roses on Valentine's Day.
Tom gave Mary roses.
Tom gave Mary some advice on how to pass multiple-choice tests.
Tom gave Mary some advice.
Tom gave Mary some beautiful roses.
Tom gave Mary some brandy.
Tom gave Mary some candy.
Tom gave Mary some chocolate turtles.
Tom gave Mary some chocolate.
Tom gave Mary some daisies.
Tom gave Mary some flowers he'd picked.
Tom gave Mary some flowers hed picked.
Tom gave Mary some flowers that he'd picked from his garden.
Tom gave Mary some flowers.
Tom gave Mary some food.
Tom gave Mary some good advice about how to write songs.
Tom gave Mary some good advice.
Tom gave Mary some homemade cookies.
Tom gave Mary some investment advice.
Tom gave Mary some jewelry.
Tom gave Mary some last minute instructions.
Tom gave Mary some medicine.
Tom gave Mary some money so she could buy herself some candy.
Tom gave Mary some money to buy chocolate.
Tom gave Mary some money to buy groceries.
Tom gave Mary some money to buy some chocolate.
Tom gave Mary some money to help her buy her mother a Christmas present.
Tom gave Mary some money.
Tom gave Mary some more medicine.
Tom gave Mary some more money.
Tom gave Mary some oranges.
Tom gave Mary some paper.
Tom gave Mary some practical advice.
Tom gave Mary some roses.
Tom gave Mary some tips on how to use chopsticks.
Tom gave Mary some useful information.
Tom gave Mary some water.
Tom gave Mary something cold to drink.
Tom gave Mary something hot to drink.
Tom gave Mary something she needed.
Tom gave Mary something that she needed.
Tom gave Mary something to do.
Tom gave Mary something to drink.
Tom gave Mary something to eat.
Tom gave Mary something to look at.
Tom gave Mary something to read.
Tom gave Mary something, but I don't know what.
Tom gave Mary something.
Tom gave Mary sound advice.
Tom gave Mary terrible advice.
Tom gave Mary that black eye.
Tom gave Mary that nickname.
Tom gave Mary that ring.
Tom gave Mary the OK sign.
Tom gave Mary the bad news.
Tom gave Mary the benefit of doubt.
Tom gave Mary the benefit of the doubt.
Tom gave Mary the book he was holding.
Tom gave Mary the book.
Tom gave Mary the cold shoulder.
Tom gave Mary the first piece of cake.
Tom gave Mary the gun.
Tom gave Mary the information she needed.
Tom gave Mary the key to his apartment.
Tom gave Mary the key to his house.
Tom gave Mary the key to his scooter.
Tom gave Mary the key to the Vespa.
Tom gave Mary the key.
Tom gave Mary the keys to the van.
Tom gave Mary the keys.
Tom gave Mary the knife.
Tom gave Mary the money she asked for.
Tom gave Mary the money she needed to pay off her debts.
Tom gave Mary the money that she asked for.
Tom gave Mary the money that she needed to pay off her debts.
Tom gave Mary the money.
Tom gave Mary the note I'd given him to give her.
Tom gave Mary the note.
Tom gave Mary the option of leaving.
Tom gave Mary the option to come with him.
Tom gave Mary the option to do that.
Tom gave Mary the picture.
Tom gave Mary the receipt and told her to put it in her purse.
Tom gave Mary the ring he'd bought for her.
Tom gave Mary the ring that he'd originally bought for Alice.
Tom gave Mary the signal to close the door.
Tom gave Mary the stability that she had never had.
Tom gave Mary the thumbs up sign.
Tom gave Mary the wrong book deliberately.
Tom gave Mary the wrong book.
Tom gave Mary the wrong key.
Tom gave Mary thirty bucks.
Tom gave Mary thirty dollars.
Tom gave Mary three boxes of old books.
Tom gave Mary three dollars and John thirty dollars.
Tom gave Mary three dollars.
Tom gave Mary three hundred dollars.
Tom gave Mary three options.
Tom gave Mary three thousand dollars.
Tom gave Mary two thumbs up.
Tom gave Mary up for dead.
Tom gave Mary what for.
Tom gave Mary what he hoped was a disarming smile.
Tom gave Mary what little money he had.
Tom gave Mary what she needed.
Tom gave Mary what she wanted.
Tom gave Mary's hand a friendly squeeze.
Tom gave Mary's hand a squeeze.
Tom gave Snapchat a try, but it wasn't his thing.
Tom gave Vladimir a job at his company.
Tom gave Vladimir a pay rise.
Tom gave a Christmas present to Mary.
Tom gave a French-English dictionary to Mary.
Tom gave a TED talk.
Tom gave a Vulcan salute.
Tom gave a banana to Mary.
Tom gave a barnstorming performance.
Tom gave a big yawn.
Tom gave a biscuit to his dog.
Tom gave a bitter laugh.
Tom gave a bone to his dog.
Tom gave a book to Mary.
Tom gave a bouquet of flowers to Mary.
Tom gave a box of apples to Mary.
Tom gave a bracelet to Mary.
Tom gave a brief talk.
Tom gave a chuckle when he realized the irony.
Tom gave a confident smile.
Tom gave a copy of his manuscript to Mary.
Tom gave a copy of the book he wrote to Mary.
Tom gave a copy of the book that he wrote to Mary.
Tom gave a cry of dismay.
Tom gave a cup of coffee to Mary.
Tom gave a deep sigh.
Tom gave a detailed answer.
Tom gave a diamond bracelet to Mary.
Tom gave a different answer.
Tom gave a disarming smile and continued talking.
Tom gave a dog to Mary on her birthday.
Tom gave a doll to Mary.
Tom gave a doll to me.
Tom gave a drum set to his son.
Tom gave a faint smile.
Tom gave a false address to the police.
Tom gave a famous singer ten thousand dollars to come to the restaurant to sing "Happy Birthday."
Tom gave a few questions which Maria did not want to answer.
Tom gave a first-class performance.
Tom gave a five-minute presentation about the influence of the Vikings on world history.
Tom gave a forced laugh.
Tom gave a fur coat to Mary.
Tom gave a gift to Mary.
Tom gave a good performance.
Tom gave a halfhearted smile.
Tom gave a kitten to Mary.
Tom gave a knife to Mary.
Tom gave a lip-sync performance at the school talent show.
Tom gave a little indulgent smile.
Tom gave a little snack to his dog.
Tom gave a lot of his old clothes to a homeless man that he met recently.
Tom gave a lot of his stuff away.
Tom gave a lot of money to Mary.
Tom gave a lot of suggestions, but I didn't like any of them.
Tom gave a lot of suggestions, but I didnt like any of them.
Tom gave a loud sigh.
Tom gave a low moan.
Tom gave a low whistle.
Tom gave a music box to Mary.
Tom gave a nice speech.
Tom gave a nod of approbation.
Tom gave a pair of diamond earrings to Mary.
Tom gave a phony smile.
Tom gave a picture that he had painted to Mary.
Tom gave a present to Mary.
Tom gave a presentation about camping in Australia.
Tom gave a presentation.
Tom gave a pretty good speech.
Tom gave a prompt reply.
Tom gave a puppy to Mary.
Tom gave a roll of film to Mary.
Tom gave a rose to Mary.
Tom gave a sandwich to Mary.
Tom gave a short speech.
Tom gave a short talk.
Tom gave a shrill cry.
Tom gave a sigh of content.
Tom gave a sigh of relief.
Tom gave a sigh.
Tom gave a sleeping bag to me a few weeks ago.
Tom gave a small nod of appreciation to Mary.
Tom gave a small squirrel statue to Mary.
Tom gave a sob of relief.
Tom gave a speech at a conference.
Tom gave a speech in French.
Tom gave a speech in class today.
Tom gave a speech in class.
Tom gave a speech.
Tom gave a terrific performance.
Tom gave a tie to his father.
Tom gave a toy his son.
Tom gave a tut of disapproval.
Tom gave a vague answer.
Tom gave a very good speech.
Tom gave a very long speech yesterday.
Tom gave a voluntary confession.
Tom gave a watch to me.
Tom gave a wide yawn.
Tom gave all his French books away.
Tom gave all his belongings away.
Tom gave all his books away.
Tom gave all his books to the city library.
Tom gave all his money away.
Tom gave all his money to Mary.
Tom gave all of his belongings away.
Tom gave all the money he had to Mary.
Tom gave almost all his money to charity.
Tom gave an acceptance speech.
Tom gave an all-knowing smile.
Tom gave an apple to Mary.
Tom gave an apple to his teacher.
Tom gave an apple to me.
Tom gave an apple to the teacher.
Tom gave an awkward smile.
Tom gave an evasive answer.
Tom gave an expensive gift to Mary.
Tom gave an expensive watch to Mary.
Tom gave an incendiary speech in a ramshackle old factory.
Tom gave an oral report.
Tom gave away Christmas presents to his family and went out to have a smoke.
Tom gave away a lot of his stuff.
Tom gave away all his belongings.
Tom gave away all his books.
Tom gave away all his money, then committed suicide.
Tom gave away all his money.
Tom gave away all his toys.
Tom gave away all of his belongings.
Tom gave away everything he had.
Tom gave away everything he owned.
Tom gave away most of his money before he died.
Tom gave back the money.
Tom gave birth to two foals.
Tom gave blood.
Tom gave both of us this bottle of wine.
Tom gave concerts until his death in 2013.
Tom gave each of his children a banana.
Tom gave each of his children a hug.
Tom gave each of his children three apples.
Tom gave each of his children three hundred dollars.
Tom gave each of his kids a hug.
Tom gave each of his sons $300.
Tom gave each of us a piece of chocolate.
Tom gave each one of them an apple.
Tom gave each student in his class a pencil.
Tom gave everything away.
Tom gave everything he had, but it wasn't enough.
Tom gave everything he had.
Tom gave everything he owned away.
Tom gave evidence against me.
Tom gave flowers to Mary.
Tom gave half his money to charity.
Tom gave her a sad puppy face.
Tom gave himself an enema.
Tom gave himself up to police.
Tom gave himself up to the police.
Tom gave himself up.
Tom gave himself up?
Tom gave his account of the murder to police.
Tom gave his all, but it wasn't enough.
Tom gave his camera to Mary.
Tom gave his cat some catnip.
Tom gave his cat some milk.
Tom gave his cat to Mary.
Tom gave his daughter a stuffed bunny.
Tom gave his dog a bath.
Tom gave his dog a biscuit.
Tom gave his dog a bone.
Tom gave his dog a good scratch behind the ears.
Tom gave his dog a hug.
Tom gave his dog a piece of leftover Christmas turkey.
Tom gave his dog a piece of meat.
Tom gave his dog a treat.
Tom gave his dog some food.
Tom gave his dog something to eat.
Tom gave his dog to Mary.
Tom gave his dog water.
Tom gave his dogs to Mary.
Tom gave his father a tie on Father's Day.
Tom gave his father a tie.
Tom gave his flashlight to Mary.
Tom gave his heart to Mary.
Tom gave his horse a few sugar lumps.
Tom gave his horse some oats.
Tom gave his jacket to Mary.
Tom gave his key to me.
Tom gave his knife to Mary.
Tom gave his life for his country.
Tom gave his mother everything he earned.
Tom gave his old camera to Mary.
Tom gave his old car to me.
Tom gave his old drum set to Mary.
Tom gave his seat to an elderly lady.
Tom gave his seat to an old man.
Tom gave his seat to an old woman.
Tom gave his seat to the old man.
Tom gave his seat to the old woman.
Tom gave his servants the afternoon off.
Tom gave his servants the night off.
Tom gave his son a drum set.
Tom gave his son a sparrow for Christmas.
Tom gave his son a toy.
Tom gave his son some fatherly advice.
Tom gave his son something to play with.
Tom gave his speech in French.
Tom gave his sunglasses to Mary.
Tom gave his support.
Tom gave his teacher an apple.
Tom gave his teachers a hard time.
Tom gave his three-year-old son a puppy as a Christmas present.
Tom gave his three-year-old son a puppy for Christmas.
Tom gave his wholehearted approval.
Tom gave his word that he'd do that.
Tom gave in rather than fight.
Tom gave in to temptation.
Tom gave in.
Tom gave into peer pressure.
Tom gave it a try.
Tom gave it back to Mary.
Tom gave it everything he had.
Tom gave it some thought.
Tom gave it to John.
Tom gave it to Mary.
Tom gave it to me before he died.
Tom gave it to me for nothing.
Tom gave it to me.
Tom gave it to the wrong person.
Tom gave it to us.
Tom gave me $300.
Tom gave me 300 dollars.
Tom gave me English lessons.
Tom gave me Mary's address.
Tom gave me Mary's phone number.
Tom gave me a $300 gift card for Christmas.
Tom gave me a French dictionary.
Tom gave me a Swiss Army knife.
Tom gave me a bad cold.
Tom gave me a bag full of money.
Tom gave me a bandana.
Tom gave me a bicycle for my birthday.
Tom gave me a bicycle.
Tom gave me a big bear hug.
Tom gave me a big hug.
Tom gave me a black eye.
Tom gave me a blue shirt.
Tom gave me a bonsai tree for my birthday, and it requires watering every three days because it is a thirsty little thing.
Tom gave me a book for Christmas.
Tom gave me a book to read on the plane.
Tom gave me a book.
Tom gave me a bottle of 151-proof rum.
Tom gave me a box full of apples.
Tom gave me a box of chocolates.
Tom gave me a brandy.
Tom gave me a chance.
Tom gave me a cold.
Tom gave me a computer game.
Tom gave me a couple of free tickets to his concert.
Tom gave me a couple of slices of toast and a glass of milk.
Tom gave me a dictionary.
Tom gave me a difficult task.
Tom gave me a dirty look.
Tom gave me a doll.
Tom gave me a dozen cookies in a plastic bag.
Tom gave me a facial.
Tom gave me a few dollars.
Tom gave me a fierce look.
Tom gave me a fifth of rum.
Tom gave me a foot massage.
Tom gave me a fountain pen.
Tom gave me a friendly piece of advice.
Tom gave me a funny look.
Tom gave me a gift.
Tom gave me a gun.
Tom gave me a handwritten note from Mary.
Tom gave me a hard time.
Tom gave me a harmonica for Christmas.
Tom gave me a head start.
Tom gave me a hint.
Tom gave me a hug.
Tom gave me a job.
Tom gave me a key.
Tom gave me a kick.
Tom gave me a kiss.
Tom gave me a knife instead of a gun.
Tom gave me a knowing look.
Tom gave me a lift home in his new sports car.
Tom gave me a lift home.
Tom gave me a lift, so I didn't have to go by bus.
Tom gave me a lift.
Tom gave me a light jab in the ribs.
Tom gave me a list of people who were at the party.
Tom gave me a list of things that he wanted me to buy at the supermarket.
Tom gave me a lot of money.
Tom gave me a meaningful look.
Tom gave me a native wildflower seed bomb.
Tom gave me a new fountain pen.
Tom gave me a nice Christmas present.
Tom gave me a nice gift.
Tom gave me a nice pair of boots.
Tom gave me a nice present.
Tom gave me a nice set of aluminum wheels, but he kept the tires.
Tom gave me a nice umbrella, but I lost it.
Tom gave me a nice umbrella, but I've lost it.
Tom gave me a notebook full of his favorite recipes.
Tom gave me a notebook with a blue cover.
Tom gave me a painting as a gift.
Tom gave me a pamphlet.
Tom gave me a pen.
Tom gave me a pencil to write with.
Tom gave me a pencil.
Tom gave me a penetrating gaze.
Tom gave me a playful punch in the shoulder.
Tom gave me a present at the last meeting.
Tom gave me a present the last time we met.
Tom gave me a present.
Tom gave me a pretty doll.
Tom gave me a pretty hard time.
Tom gave me a really cool gift.
Tom gave me a ride home.
Tom gave me a ride on his motorcycle.
Tom gave me a ride to school.
Tom gave me a ride to the airport.
Tom gave me a ride.
Tom gave me a run for my money.
Tom gave me a second chance.
Tom gave me a shirt.
Tom gave me a shove.
Tom gave me a slap.
Tom gave me a sleeping bag a few weeks ago.
Tom gave me a strange look.
Tom gave me a surfboard.
Tom gave me a tour of his house.
Tom gave me a vague answer.
Tom gave me a very nice Christmas present.
Tom gave me a warm hug.
Tom gave me a watch.
Tom gave me a wink.
Tom gave me a wonderful gift.
Tom gave me a wry smile.
Tom gave me advice on which car to buy.
Tom gave me advice on which stocks to buy.
Tom gave me advice.
Tom gave me all his money.
Tom gave me all the help I needed.
Tom gave me all the money I asked for.
Tom gave me all the money he had on him.
Tom gave me all the money he had.
Tom gave me all the money that I asked for.
Tom gave me an apple.
Tom gave me an example.
Tom gave me an interesting book for my birthday.
Tom gave me another chance.
Tom gave me another kiss.
Tom gave me back all the textbooks except for a dictionary.
Tom gave me back my dictionary.
Tom gave me back my money.
Tom gave me back the dictionary.
Tom gave me both money and advice.
Tom gave me confidence.
Tom gave me directions to the theater.
Tom gave me enough soap to last a lifetime.
Tom gave me everything I asked for.
Tom gave me everything I need.
Tom gave me everything I needed.
Tom gave me everything I wanted.
Tom gave me everything except what I wanted.
Tom gave me everything he had.
Tom gave me everything that I asked for.
Tom gave me exactly what I asked for.
Tom gave me exactly what I needed.
Tom gave me exactly what I told him I needed.
Tom gave me exactly what I wanted.
Tom gave me food as well as something to drink.
Tom gave me good advice.
Tom gave me his address.
Tom gave me his blue tie.
Tom gave me his cabin.
Tom gave me his card.
Tom gave me his key when I asked for it.
Tom gave me his key.
Tom gave me his look.
Tom gave me his notebook full of his favorite recipes.
Tom gave me his notebook with all his favorite recipes.
Tom gave me his notes.
Tom gave me his number.
Tom gave me his old car.
Tom gave me his old one.
Tom gave me his phone number and told me to call him.
Tom gave me his phone number.
Tom gave me his seat.
Tom gave me his word.
Tom gave me hope.
Tom gave me instructions.
Tom gave me invaluable advice.
Tom gave me investment advice.
Tom gave me just what I needed.
Tom gave me money as well as advice.
Tom gave me money.
Tom gave me moral support.
Tom gave me more money than I need.
Tom gave me more than I asked for.
Tom gave me more than I wanted.
Tom gave me my first job.
Tom gave me my money back.
Tom gave me no chance to do that.
Tom gave me no chance.
Tom gave me no choice.
Tom gave me no reason for his decision.
Tom gave me one crore rupees.
Tom gave me one lakh rupees.
Tom gave me one last chance.
Tom gave me one of his guitars.
Tom gave me permission to drive his car.
Tom gave me permission to go home early.
Tom gave me permission to go.
Tom gave me permission to use his car.
Tom gave me plenty to eat.
Tom gave me prasad.
Tom gave me prasada.
Tom gave me prasadam.
Tom gave me several books.
Tom gave me some advice.
Tom gave me some bad advice.
Tom gave me some balloons.
Tom gave me some books.
Tom gave me some friendly advice.
Tom gave me some good advice.
Tom gave me some helpful advice.
Tom gave me some instructions.
Tom gave me some money.
Tom gave me some old coins.
Tom gave me some pills.
Tom gave me some pointers.
Tom gave me some popcorn.
Tom gave me some practical advice.
Tom gave me some scotch.
Tom gave me some stamps.
Tom gave me some very sound advice.
Tom gave me something I didn't want.
Tom gave me something I needed.
Tom gave me something I really wanted for my birthday.
Tom gave me something for my birthday that I needed.
Tom gave me something for my birthday that I really needed.
Tom gave me something nice.
Tom gave me something that I didn't want.
Tom gave me something that I needed.
Tom gave me something to do.
Tom gave me something to read.
Tom gave me something.
Tom gave me that a few years back.
Tom gave me that book.
Tom gave me that idea.
Tom gave me that.
Tom gave me the answer I was expecting.
Tom gave me the brush off.
Tom gave me the chicken pox.
Tom gave me the cold shoulder.
Tom gave me the go-ahead.
Tom gave me the key and I still have it.
Tom gave me the key, but I lost it.
Tom gave me the key.
Tom gave me the keys.
Tom gave me the last piece of cake.
Tom gave me the leftovers.
Tom gave me the money personally.
Tom gave me the name of a guy who can probably repair my watch.
Tom gave me the news.
Tom gave me the oddest look.
Tom gave me the silent treatment.
Tom gave me the wrong answer.
Tom gave me these books.
Tom gave me these earrings.
Tom gave me these for my birthday.
Tom gave me these old coins.
Tom gave me these tickets.
Tom gave me these.
Tom gave me thirty dollars.
Tom gave me this CD for Christmas.
Tom gave me this a while back.
Tom gave me this apple.
Tom gave me this assignment.
Tom gave me this before he died.
Tom gave me this before he passed away.
Tom gave me this bicycle.
Tom gave me this book.
Tom gave me this candy.
Tom gave me this car.
Tom gave me this document.
Tom gave me this fish.
Tom gave me this for my birthday.
Tom gave me this game.
Tom gave me this guitar.
Tom gave me this hat for my birthday.
Tom gave me this idea.
Tom gave me this necklace as a memento.
Tom gave me this necktie.
Tom gave me this painting.
Tom gave me this ring.
Tom gave me this shirt.
Tom gave me this stuff.
Tom gave me this sword.
Tom gave me this tie.
Tom gave me this tonight.
Tom gave me this watch.
Tom gave me this.
Tom gave me three apples.
Tom gave me three good pieces of advice.
Tom gave me three hundred dollars.
Tom gave me three reasons why he couldn't help.
Tom gave me useful advice.
Tom gave me what I needed.
Tom gave me what I wanted.
Tom gave me your address.
Tom gave me your email address.
Tom gave me your number.
Tom gave milk to the cat.
Tom gave money to Mary.
Tom gave no additional details.
Tom gave no further details.
Tom gave no other details.
Tom gave no reason for his decision.
Tom gave off a foul, fetid stench, but Mary pretended not to notice.
Tom gave off a foul, fetid stench, but Mary pretended not to smell anything.
Tom gave one of the puppies to Mary.
Tom gave orders.
Tom gave out like stink when he heard what his son had been up to.
Tom gave out lozenges.
Tom gave police a firsthand account of what had happened.
Tom gave roses to Mary on Valentine's Day.
Tom gave several books to me.
Tom gave some beautiful roses to Mary.
Tom gave some books to me.
Tom gave some candy to his grandchildren.
Tom gave some chocolate to the crying child.
Tom gave some daisies to Mary.
Tom gave some flowers to Mary.
Tom gave some food to his dog.
Tom gave some milk to the cat.
Tom gave some money to Mary.
Tom gave some oats to his horse.
Tom gave some old coins to me.
Tom gave some oranges to Mary.
Tom gave some paper to Mary.
Tom gave some roses to Mary.
Tom gave some very sound advice.
Tom gave something to Mary, but I don't know what.
Tom gave something to Mary.
Tom gave something to me.
Tom gave thanks to God.
Tom gave that book to me.
Tom gave that question serious thought.
Tom gave that to me a few years back.
Tom gave that to me.
Tom gave that to us.
Tom gave the baby a bath.
Tom gave the ball a kick.
Tom gave the ball a spin.
Tom gave the beggar both food and money.
Tom gave the beggar some food and money.
Tom gave the beggar some food.
Tom gave the book back to Mary last week.
Tom gave the book to Mary.
Tom gave the cat some milk.
Tom gave the clerk thirty dollars.
Tom gave the commencement address.
Tom gave the dictionary back to Mary.
Tom gave the documents to the wrong person.
Tom gave the dog a piece of meat.
Tom gave the envelope to Mary.
Tom gave the eulogy at Mary's funeral.
Tom gave the eulogy.
Tom gave the film a rating of 7 out of 10.
Tom gave the flashlight to Mary.
Tom gave the girl his phone number.
Tom gave the homeless man some food.
Tom gave the hungry boy something to eat.
Tom gave the impression that he wasn't happy.
Tom gave the key to Mary.
Tom gave the key to me and I still have it.
Tom gave the key to me, but I lost it.
Tom gave the key to me.
Tom gave the keys to Mary.
Tom gave the keys to me.
Tom gave the knife to Mary.
Tom gave the last piece of cake to me.
Tom gave the man CPR.
Tom gave the man who came to the door both food and money.
Tom gave the manila envelope to Mary.
Tom gave the middle finger to the principal today.
Tom gave the money back to Mary.
Tom gave the money that he'd earned that day to Mary.
Tom gave the muggers what they wanted.
Tom gave the opening address.
Tom gave the package to the wrong guy.
Tom gave the picture to Mary.
Tom gave the police a detailed statement.
Tom gave the police a fake name.
Tom gave the police a false address.
Tom gave the police officer a bribe.
Tom gave the postman a present on his birthday.
Tom gave the puck away.
Tom gave the report in person.
Tom gave the robbers all the money he had.
Tom gave the robbers everything he had.
Tom gave the robbers everything they wanted.
Tom gave the robbers what they asked for.
Tom gave the robbers what they wanted.
Tom gave the rope a tug.
Tom gave the rope a yank.
Tom gave the same answer he always does.
Tom gave the sheet of paper to Mary.
Tom gave the small squirrel statue to Mary.
Tom gave the speech in French.
Tom gave the speech in a completely monotone voice.
Tom gave the squirrel CPR.
Tom gave the teacher an apple.
Tom gave the unfortunate woman ten dollars.
Tom gave the vote of confidence to Mary, wishing her good luck on her speech.
Tom gave the waiter a big tip.
Tom gave the waiter a very good tip.
Tom gave the watchword and was allowed in.
Tom gave the wrong answer.
Tom gave them a general idea of what he wanted.
Tom gave them all his food supplies.
Tom gave them to me.
Tom gave these earrings to me.
Tom gave these figs to us.
Tom gave these tickets to me.
Tom gave these to me.
Tom gave this apple to me.
Tom gave this book to me.
Tom gave this bottle of wine to both of us.
Tom gave this game to me.
Tom gave this guitar to me.
Tom gave this hat to me for my birthday.
Tom gave this necktie to me.
Tom gave this ring to me.
Tom gave this shirt to me.
Tom gave this to me before he died.
Tom gave this to me before he passed away.
Tom gave this to me for my birthday.
Tom gave this to me when I was little.
Tom gave this to me.
Tom gave this to us.
Tom gave this watch to me.
Tom gave three dollars to a mendicant.
Tom gave three reasons why he did it that way.
Tom gave up after his first try.
Tom gave up all his possessions.
Tom gave up all hope.
Tom gave up doing that for three months.
Tom gave up fighting.
Tom gave up his seat on the train to an old lady with a walking stick.
Tom gave up his seat on the train to an old man with a cane.
Tom gave up his spot for me and sat down closer to the exit.
Tom gave up his teaching job to become a full-time studio musician.
Tom gave up hope a long time ago.
Tom gave up hope.
Tom gave up learning Czech.
Tom gave up learning Finnish.
Tom gave up on doing that.
Tom gave up on everything after that.
Tom gave up on his dream of becoming a pilot.
Tom gave up running for class president.
Tom gave up running for mayor after pleading guilty to drunken driving.
Tom gave up smoking for three months.
Tom gave up smoking.
Tom gave up the idea of going to Boston.
Tom gave up too soon.
Tom gave up translating that book. It was too difficult for him.
Tom gave up trying to convince Mary to babysit his kids.
Tom gave up trying to get to sleep.
Tom gave up trying to persuade Mary to babysit his kids.
Tom gave up.
Tom gave us a book.
Tom gave us a bottle of champagne.
Tom gave us a lift in his truck.
Tom gave us a lift in his van.
Tom gave us a lift to town.
Tom gave us a lot of food.
Tom gave us a lot of money.
Tom gave us a lot of time to do that.
Tom gave us a lot to eat.
Tom gave us a pep talk.
Tom gave us a present.
Tom gave us a quick tour of his house.
Tom gave us a ride to the station.
Tom gave us a ride.
Tom gave us a snow job.
Tom gave us a tour of Boston.
Tom gave us a treat.
Tom gave us a vague answer.
Tom gave us a watermelon.
Tom gave us all a bite of his chocolate bar.
Tom gave us all something to eat.
Tom gave us all the money he had on him.
Tom gave us everything he had.
Tom gave us everything we needed.
Tom gave us exactly what we needed.
Tom gave us food when we needed it.
Tom gave us food, and money as well.
Tom gave us food, and money, too.
Tom gave us food.
Tom gave us his opinion.
Tom gave us his support.
Tom gave us his word.
Tom gave us lots to eat.
Tom gave us many chances.
Tom gave us money when we needed it.
Tom gave us money.
Tom gave us nothing.
Tom gave us our break.
Tom gave us permission to do this.
Tom gave us permission to leave.
Tom gave us permission to use his beach house.
Tom gave us permission.
Tom gave us plenty of food.
Tom gave us quite a lot of trouble.
Tom gave us some apples.
Tom gave us some eggs.
Tom gave us some food.
Tom gave us some good advice.
Tom gave us some refreshment.
Tom gave us some tasks to do.
Tom gave us some tasks.
Tom gave us some useful information.
Tom gave us something in a small box.
Tom gave us something to eat.
Tom gave us something to talk about.
Tom gave us terrible advice.
Tom gave us that.
Tom gave us the key.
Tom gave us these figs.
Tom gave us time to think about it.
Tom gave us what we needed.
Tom gave volleyball a shot, but he didn't like it.
Tom gave water to his dog.
Tom gave what he hoped was a disarming smile.
Tom gave your address to me.
Tom gave your number to me.
Tom gazed at Mary with love in his eyes.
Tom gazed at Mary.
Tom gazed at his reflection in the glass.
Tom gazed at his reflection in the mirror.
Tom gazed at the fire.
Tom gazed at the stars above.
Tom gazed at the stars through his telescope.
Tom gazed at the stars.
Tom gazed deeply into Mary's eyes.
Tom gazed into Mary's eyes.
Tom gazes wistfully over the rooftops to where his lover lives.
Tom generally does that around 2:30.
Tom generally does that at 2:30.
Tom generally does that in the evening.
Tom generally does that in the morning.
Tom generally does that on Mondays.
Tom generally gets home around 2:30.
Tom generally makes good decisions based on a realistic appraisal of the situation he's faced with.
Tom generally takes the bus to work.
Tom generously invited the whole department out for a meal.
Tom gently closed the door.
Tom gently hugged Mary.
Tom gently hugged her from behind.
Tom gently kissed his daughter on the forehead.
Tom gently nudged Mary.
Tom gently put his arms around Mary.
Tom gently shook Mary awake.
Tom gently took Mary's hands and squeezed them.
Tom gently touched Mary's shoulder.
Tom germinated the seeds in small pots before planting them.
Tom germinated the seeds in small pots.
Tom gestured Mary to go ahead.
Tom gestured for Mary to come help.
Tom gestured for Mary to enter.
Tom gestured for Mary to follow him.
Tom gestured for Mary to go ahead.
Tom gestured for Mary to go inside.
Tom gestured for Mary to sit down.
Tom gestured for me to leave.
Tom gestured.
Tom gets a generous salary.
Tom gets a good feeling inside when people laugh heartily at his jokes.
Tom gets a good salary.
Tom gets a haircut about three times a year.
Tom gets a haircut once a month.
Tom gets a headache just with hearing his name.
Tom gets a kick out of this kind of thing.
Tom gets a lot of help from his friends.
Tom gets a lot of help.
Tom gets a lot of satisfaction from his work.
Tom gets a physical once a year.
Tom gets a really high salary.
Tom gets a sense of fulfillment when he reaches one of his goals.
Tom gets a very good salary.
Tom gets along fine with Mary's stepfather.
Tom gets along fine with Mary.
Tom gets along fine with Marys stepfather.
Tom gets along very well with Mary.
Tom gets along very well with his classmates.
Tom gets along well with Mary's friends.
Tom gets along well with Mary.
Tom gets along well with all his classmates.
Tom gets along well with all of his classmates.
Tom gets along well with everyone in Mary's family except her younger brother.
Tom gets along well with his classmates.
Tom gets along well with his coworkers.
Tom gets along well with his father-in-law.
Tom gets along well with his stepfather.
Tom gets along with Mary.
Tom gets along with everybody.
Tom gets along with everyone.
Tom gets along with his in-laws.
Tom gets along with his neighbors.
Tom gets angry at the slightest hint of criticism.
Tom gets angry easily.
Tom gets angry if he's contradicted.
Tom gets angry over little things.
Tom gets angry quite easily.
Tom gets angry very easily.
Tom gets angry when he doesn't get his own way.
Tom gets angry when people don't do what they say they'll do.
Tom gets angry whenever Mary does that.
Tom gets angry whenever someone contradicts him.
Tom gets annoyed easily.
Tom gets annoyed having to constantly turn lights off that have been left on by his flatmate.
Tom gets annoyed when Mary straightens up his towel after he's hung it up.
Tom gets any girl he wants.
Tom gets anything he wants.
Tom gets around a lot.
Tom gets around on a scooter.
Tom gets around.
Tom gets asked about Mary all the time.
Tom gets beat up a lot.
Tom gets better grades than I do.
Tom gets bored easily.
Tom gets bored quickly.
Tom gets bullied a lot.
Tom gets bullied all the time.
Tom gets bullied at school.
Tom gets business advice from Mary and John.
Tom gets carsick all the time.
Tom gets carsick.
Tom gets confused and says silly things sometimes.
Tom gets cross easily.
Tom gets distracted easily.
Tom gets driven everywhere.
Tom gets drunk almost every day.
Tom gets drunk almost every evening.
Tom gets drunk every day.
Tom gets embarrassed easily.
Tom gets everything wrong.
Tom gets excellent grades.
Tom gets excited about everything.
Tom gets excited easily.
Tom gets good grades in French.
Tom gets good grades in school.
Tom gets good grades.
Tom gets good marks in French.
Tom gets good marks.
Tom gets grumpy when he's hungry.
Tom gets headaches.
Tom gets heartburn from drinking beer and eating too many candy bars.
Tom gets high just from saying the word 'stoat' over and over.
Tom gets himself in trouble because he says yes to everything.
Tom gets himself into trouble because he says yes to everything.
Tom gets his awesomeness from his father.
Tom gets his drinking water from a well on his property.
Tom gets his hair cut about three times a year.
Tom gets home after 10:00 p.m. every day except Sunday.
Tom gets home almost every day at 2:30.
Tom gets home at 2:30 almost every day.
Tom gets home at 2:30 every day but Monday.
Tom gets home at about 2:30 every day except Monday.
Tom gets home every Monday afternoon at about 2:30.
Tom gets home every Monday at about 2:30.
Tom gets home every day at 2:30.
Tom gets home late.
Tom gets immediate inflammation from gluten.
Tom gets impatient with his children.
Tom gets impatient with his kids.
Tom gets in a lot of fights.
Tom gets in trouble from time to time.
Tom gets indigestion and heartburn when he eats too much rich food.
Tom gets into trouble from time to time.
Tom gets into trouble quite often.
Tom gets irritated whenever Mary does that.
Tom gets it now.
Tom gets it.
Tom gets jealous when Mary talks to other guys.
Tom gets jealous whenever he sees Mary talking with John.
Tom gets lost easily.
Tom gets lost quite often.
Tom gets mad very easily.
Tom gets me everything I need.
Tom gets mean when he's drunk.
Tom gets my vote.
Tom gets nervous around Mary.
Tom gets nervous when Mary drives too fast.
Tom gets off on that kind of thing.
Tom gets off work at 5:00.
Tom gets off work at five.
Tom gets offended all the time.
Tom gets offended easily.
Tom gets on my nerves with his eternal "No desire!"
Tom gets on my nerves.
Tom gets on well with all his neighbors.
Tom gets on well with all his neighbours.
Tom gets on well with both of his sisters, but things are a bit strained with his brother.
Tom gets out of prison today.
Tom gets overemotional at times like these.
Tom gets overemotional, doesn't he?
Tom gets paid a lot to do that.
Tom gets paid a lot.
Tom gets paid in cash.
Tom gets paid more than Mary does.
Tom gets paid more than Mary.
Tom gets paid more than he deserves.
Tom gets paid much more than Mary does.
Tom gets paid much more than Mary.
Tom gets paid much more than the rest of us.
Tom gets paid once a week.
Tom gets paid thirty dollars an hour.
Tom gets paid to do it.
Tom gets paid to do nothing.
Tom gets paid to do that.
Tom gets paid to play basketball.
Tom gets paid to sing and to entertain people.
Tom gets paid to sing.
Tom gets paid very well.
Tom gets paid well to do that.
Tom gets plenty of rest.
Tom gets plenty of sun every day.
Tom gets pretty good grades.
Tom gets scared easily.
Tom gets seasick.
Tom gets sick quite often.
Tom gets smarter every day.
Tom gets stuff done.
Tom gets teased about being overweight.
Tom gets terrible grades in French.
Tom gets terrible grades.
Tom gets that from his mom.
Tom gets that from his mother.
Tom gets the best grades in our class.
Tom gets the better of me.
Tom gets the same salary as I do.
Tom gets things done.
Tom gets tired easily.
Tom gets tired faster than the rest of us.
Tom gets tired quickly.
Tom gets tired so easy now.
Tom gets to do anything he wants to do.
Tom gets to do whatever he wants to do.
Tom gets to do whatever he wants to.
Tom gets to do whatever he wants.
Tom gets tongue-tied when he's tired.
Tom gets tough at times.
Tom gets up a lot earlier in the morning than I do.
Tom gets up at 5:30 every morning.
Tom gets up at 6:30 every morning.
Tom gets up at 6:30 in the morning.
Tom gets up at 6:30.
Tom gets up at dawn.
Tom gets up at eight.
Tom gets up at eleven.
Tom gets up at nine o'clock.
Tom gets up at six every morning.
Tom gets up at six o'clock.
Tom gets up at six-thirty almost every day.
Tom gets up at six-thirty every morning.
Tom gets up at six-thirty on school days.
Tom gets up at six-thirty.
Tom gets up at six.
Tom gets up at the same time every morning.
Tom gets up before dawn most mornings.
Tom gets up before his parents do.
Tom gets up earlier than I do.
Tom gets up earlier than me.
Tom gets up early and so do I.
Tom gets up early every Monday and goes to the park to meditate.
Tom gets up early every day.
Tom gets up early every morning and goes out jogging.
Tom gets up early every morning and goes swimming.
Tom gets up early every morning.
Tom gets up early in the morning.
Tom gets up early.
Tom gets up every day at dawn.
Tom gets up late on Sunday mornings.
Tom gets up late.
Tom gets up much earlier in the morning than I do.
Tom gets up the earliest in his family.
Tom gets up very early.
Tom gets upset easily.
Tom gets upset very easily.
Tom gets upset when Mary doesn't do what he tells her to do.
Tom gets upset when Mary doesnt do what he tells her to do.
Tom gets upset when he loses.
Tom gets upset whenever Mary does that.
Tom gets very animated when he's watching rugby on TV.
Tom gets very argumentative with a few beers under his belt.
Tom gets very boisterous watching sport on TV.
Tom gets very emotional.
Tom gets very talkative when he's drunk.
Tom ghosted me.
Tom gifted Mary a vibrator on her birthday.
Tom giggled again.
Tom giggled and Mary smiled.
Tom giggled girlishly.
Tom giggled like a schoolgirl.
Tom giggled loudly.
Tom giggled.
Tom gives Christians a bad name.
Tom gives Democrats a bad name.
Tom gives Mary everything she asks for.
Tom gives Mary money.
Tom gives a great haircut.
Tom gives big tips.
Tom gives everyone a second chance.
Tom gives his children an allowance.
Tom gives his children too much money.
Tom gives his kids an allowance.
Tom gives his mother flowers on Mother's Day every year.
Tom gives it to John.
Tom gives me a lot of advice.
Tom gives me lots of advice.
Tom gives me the creeps.
Tom gives me the same thing for Christmas every year.
Tom gives me things from time to time.
Tom gives piano lessons to children.
Tom gives soup to homeless people for free at Christmas.
Tom gives tennis lessons.
Tom gives the cats something to eat.
Tom gives the crying child chocolate.
Tom gives to charities.
Tom gives to many charities.
Tom gives too much money to his children.
Tom gives up too easily.
Tom gives us everything we need.
Tom gives us everything we want.
Tom gives us exactly what we need.
Tom gives us good advice.
Tom gives us money.
Tom gives us something to eat whenever we visit him.
Tom gives us what we need.
Tom gives us what we want.
Tom gladly accepted Mary's gift.
Tom gladly accepted the invitation.
Tom gladly accepted the request.
Tom gladly accepted.
Tom gladly agreed.
Tom gladly undertook the request.
Tom glanced around in astonishment.
