I don't work today, I have a day off.
I don't work today.
I don't work tomorrow.
I don't work well in the mornings.
I don't work well under pressure.
I don't work with Tom anymore.
I don't work with Tom.
I don't work with him.
I don't work your land.
I don't work.
I don't worry about Tom anymore.
I don't worry about Tom.
I don't worry about anything.
I don't worry about her.
I don't worry about him.
I don't worry about it at all.
I don't worry about it.
I don't worry about it too much.
I don't worry about mistakes.
I don't worry about money.
I don't worry about my spelling - I rather go for speed typing.
I don't worry about that anymore.
I don't worry about that kind of stuff.
I don't worry about that stuff.
I don't worry about that.
I don't worry about the past.
I don't worry about the risk.
I don't worry about them.
I don't worry about things like that.
I don't worry about those kinds of things anymore.
I don't worry about those things.
I don't worry about you.
I don't worry so much about my resume.
I don't worship idols.
I don't write anymore.
I don't write as much poetry anymore.
I don't write letters anymore.
I don't write letters often.
I don't write letters.
I don't write many letters.
I don't write poems anymore.
I don't write poetry anymore.
I don't write poetry.
I don't write songs anymore.
I don't write the rules.
I don't write things like these.
I don't write to Tom anymore.
I don't yet have a bus ticket.
I don't yet have a graduate degree.
I don't yet have a job.
I don't yet have a present for Tom.
I don't yet have enough money to buy a house.
I don't yet have enough money to buy that.
I don't yet have enough money to buy the car I want.
I don't yet have everything I need.
I don't yet have three hundred dollars.
I don't yet know any of the details.
I don't yet know everybody's name.
I don't yet know everyone's name.
I don't yet know exactly what I have to do.
I don't yet know exactly what I need to do.
I don't yet know exactly what I should do.
I don't yet know exactly what to do.
I don't yet know exactly when I'm supposed to be there.
I don't yet know exactly when Tom got here.
I don't yet know how many days I'm going to be here.
I don't yet know how much it'll cost.
I don't yet know how much it's all going to cost.
I don't yet know how much it's going to cost.
I don't yet know how much money Tom will give me.
I don't yet know how much money Tom will lend me.
I don't yet know how much money we're going to need.
I don't yet know how to swim.
I don't yet know if I'll do that or not.
I don't yet know if Tom will be going to Boston on Monday or not.
I don't yet know if Tom will go camping with us or not.
I don't yet know if Tom will go with me tomorrow or not.
I don't yet know if we'll be going to Boston on Monday or not.
I don't yet know the answer.
I don't yet know the details.
I don't yet know the truth.
I don't yet know what I have to do.
I don't yet know what I need to do.
I don't yet know what I should do.
I don't yet know what I'll be doing tomorrow.
I don't yet know what I'll do.
I don't yet know what I'm going to do.
I don't yet know what I'm supposed to do.
I don't yet know what Tom and I are supposed to do.
I don't yet know what Tom and Mary want us to do.
I don't yet know what Tom is going to do.
I don't yet know what Tom wants to do.
I don't yet know what Tom wants us to do.
I don't yet know what Tom will do.
I don't yet know what needs to be done.
I don't yet know what the plan is.
I don't yet know what to do.
I don't yet know what we have to do.
I don't yet know what we need to do.
I don't yet know what we should do.
I don't yet know what we'll do on Monday.
I don't yet know what we'll do.
I don't yet know what we're going to do.
I don't yet know what we're supposed to do.
I don't yet know when Tom will arrive.
I don't yet know where I'm going to live next year.
I don't yet know whether I can go or not.
I don't yet know whether I have to do that or not.
I don't yet know whether I need to do that or not.
I don't yet know whether Tom can go or not.
I don't yet know whether Tom will be going to Boston on Monday or not.
I don't yet know whether Tom will go camping with us or not.
I don't yet know whether Tom will go with me tomorrow or not.
I don't yet know whether we'll be going to Boston on Monday or not.
I don't yet know who I'm going to vote for.
I don't yet know who has to do that.
I don't yet know who needs to do that.
I don't yet know who wants to do that.
I don't yet know who's going to do that.
I don't yet know why I'm here.
I don't yet know why Tom is here.
I don't, either.
I don't.
I don't. Do you?
I donate blood as much as I can.
I donate blood every three months.
I donate every month.
I donated blood for the first time yesterday.
I donated blood for the first time, and when I was done I nearly passed out.
I donated blood this afternoon.
I donned a hat yesterday, because it was very cold.
I donned my shoes.
I dont want to become a person like them.
I don’t agree to a young lady going there alone.
I don’t agree with him.
I don’t agree with segregation of people by race.
I don’t agree with the government’s policy on education.
I don’t agree with the theory that one should learn Latin in order to better understand English.
I don’t agree with violation of human rights.
I don’t agree with you on the matter.
I don’t agree with you on this point.
I don’t agree with you smoking.
I don’t agree with you.
I don’t agree.
I don’t always approve of his methods.
I don’t always brush my teeth after I eat.
I don’t always get up early.
I don’t approve of his decision.
I don’t approve of the way he bullies others.
I don’t approve of them dating each other.
I don’t approve of your going out with him.
I don’t approve of your wasting time.
I don’t approve your decision.
I don’t associate with Mr Tanaka any more.
I don’t associate with them.
I don’t believe I’ve ever heard of her.
I don’t believe I’ve heard that name.
I don’t believe Naomi. I think she’s lying.
I don’t believe a word of what people have been saying about her.
I don’t believe he is a lawyer.
I don’t believe him any longer.
I don’t believe him at all.
I don’t believe his story. Do you buy it?
I don’t believe in God.
I don’t believe in fairy tales.
I don’t believe in religion.
I don’t believe it any longer.
I don’t believe it!
I don’t believe just anyone.
I don’t believe my brother will be present tomorrow.
I don’t believe such a story.
I don’t believe such things exist.
I don’t believe that Santa Claus is imaginary.
I don’t believe that Tom could have said such a thing.
I don’t believe that black cats cause bad luck.
I don’t believe that ghosts exist.
I don’t believe that man is able to listen to nature.
I don’t believe that some day a majority of the world’s population will speak Esperanto.
I don’t believe that there is any evil person in this world.
I don’t believe the child came to Tokyo alone.
I don’t believe the rumours. Do you believe them?
I don’t believe there is anything in the whole earth that you can’t learn in Berlin except the German language.
I don’t believe we’ve been formally introduced.
I don’t believe you. You’re always telling lies.
I don’t believe you’ve met him.
I don’t belong to any club.
I don’t belong to the club.
I don’t blame you for doing that.
I don’t blame you for hitting him.
I don’t blame you for putting off our trip.
I don’t blame you for the accident. It wasn’t your fault.
I don’t blame you for the accident; it was not your fault.
I don’t blame you.
I don’t buy that.
I don’t care a bean.
I don’t care a bit about the future.
I don’t care a damn what people think of me.
I don’t care a fig about it!
I don’t care a rap.
I don’t care about English, I can’t even speak it!
I don’t care about English, I can’t even speak it.
I don’t care about my future.
I don’t care about the expense.
I don’t care about what they say.
I don’t care about your past.
I don’t care about your race or age or religion.
I don’t care as long as you are happy.
I don’t care for Alice.
I don’t care for alcoholic drinks.
I don’t care for beer.
I don’t care for coffee.
I don’t care for eggs.
I don’t care for flowers very much.
I don’t care for foreign food.
I don’t care for green tea.
I don’t care for him.
I don’t care for ice cream.
I don’t care for imitation.
I don’t care for meat.
I don’t care for moving pictures.
I don’t care for smoking; it’s bad for the health.
I don’t care for sports.
I don’t care for television very much.
I don’t care for that sort of thing.
I don’t care for the way he talks.
I don’t care for wealth and fame.
I don’t care for wine.
I don’t care how much it costs.
I don’t care how much it costs. I’m going to buy it anyway.
I don’t care how much you say you love me. I know your feelings for her haven’t changed.
I don’t care if it snows.
I don’t care if it’s a bit cold.
I don’t care if the early bird gets the worm, I want to sleep.
I don’t care if you don’t like your Aunt Mary. You’ll just have to grin and bear it while she’s here.
I don’t care much for coffee.
I don’t care to do it today.
I don’t care to have coffee after breakfast.
I don’t care too much for hot food.
I don’t care what color ink, just bring me a pen.
I don’t care what happens.
I don’t care what he does.
I don’t care what he says.
I don’t care what he says. I will never believe him again.
I don’t care what people say.
I don’t care what people think about the way I dress.
I don’t care what she eats.
I don’t care what they say.
I don’t care what will become of me.
I don’t care what you say. It’s not going to happen!
I don’t care what you were.
I don’t care where we eat dinner. It’s entirely up to you.
I don’t care whether he agrees or not.
I don’t care whether he leaves or stays.
I don’t care whether he’ll lend it to me or not.
I don’t care whichever you choose.
I don’t care.
I don’t carry much cash with me.
I don’t claim to be anything else.
I don’t consider him honest.
I don’t cry easily.
I don’t dare ask such a silly question.
I don’t dare tell him such a thing.
I don’t dig modern jazz.
I don’t dislike him at all.
I don’t dispute the facts you’ve presented but only the conclusion you draw from them.
I don’t do Tom’s.
I don’t do much study ahead for the English classes.
I don’t doubt but she will recover.
I don’t doubt but that he will come.
I don’t doubt but that he will do it.
I don’t doubt his ability to do it.
I don’t doubt that Tom will arrive on time.
I don’t doubt that he will help me.
I don’t doubt that he’s done it.
I don’t doubt that she is married.
I don’t doubt that she will come here.
I don’t drink alcohol.
I don’t drink all that much beer.
I don’t drink beer, only spirits.
I don’t drink coffee at all.
I don’t drink coffee.
I don’t drink much beer.
I don’t drink much wine.
I don’t drink or smoke.
I don’t drink that much beer.
I don’t earn enough money to buy clothes regularly.
I don’t earn enough to take a holiday.
I don’t eat apple cores.
I don’t eat at that restaurant because it’s expensive.
I don’t eat chicken skin.
I don’t eat meat, shellfish, poultry or gravy.
I don’t eat supper because I want to lose some weight.
I don’t eat the apple core.
I don’t eat the core of an apple.
I don’t enjoy hanging out with him.
I don’t enjoy his society.
I don’t enjoy tennis.
I don’t enjoy traveling in large groups.
I don’t entirely understand what he said.
I don’t especially feel like meeting him.
I don’t even butter my bread; I consider that cooking.
I don’t even have a single girlfriend.
I don’t even have time for a walk.
I don’t even have time to read.
I don’t even know if all of this will end up making a big difference eventually.
I don’t even know what to say to you!
I don’t even know who has stolen what.
I don’t ever want to see you again.
I don’t exist to you.
I don’t expect anything from you.
I don’t expect him to understand my innermost thoughts but I wonder what I can do to get him to hold an interest.
I don’t expect that they will support my view.
I don’t expect them to support my view.
I don’t fancy that idea.
I don’t fear the closeness between different peoples.
I don’t feed my dog in the morning.
I don’t feel at ease here.
I don’t feel at home in her company.
I don’t feel bold enough to reveal my real self.
I don’t feel comfortable here.
I don’t feel equal to doing the work.
I don’t feel hostile toward you.
I don’t feel inclined to play baseball today.
I don’t feel like anything.
I don’t feel like cooking. Why don't we get a pizza tonight?
I don’t feel like discussing my deep thoughts with him.
I don’t feel like doing anything tonight.
I don’t feel like doing my math homework now.
I don’t feel like drinking vodka.
I don’t feel like eating anything now.
I don’t feel like eating anything today.
I don’t feel like eating anything.
I don’t feel like eating at all this summer.
I don’t feel like eating at all.
I don’t feel like eating now.
I don’t feel like eating out this evening.
I don’t feel like eating supper tonight.
I don’t feel like eating sushi.
I don’t feel like eating.
I don’t feel like filling out this questionnaire. There are too many items.
I don’t feel like going out on such a day.
I don’t feel like going out right now.
I don’t feel like going out these days.
I don’t feel like going out this morning.
I don’t feel like going out tonight.
I don’t feel like going out.
I don’t feel like going to the movies. Let’s take a walk instead.
I don’t feel like having this meat.
I don’t feel like helping you.
I don’t feel like it.
I don’t feel like joking.
I don’t feel like meeting her now.
I don’t feel like sleeping just now.
I don’t feel like smoking today.
I don’t feel like studying English today.
I don’t feel like studying at all tonight.
I don’t feel like studying today. Let’s go to a soccer game.
I don’t feel like studying.
I don’t feel like taking a walk now.
I don’t feel like taking a walk this morning.
I don’t feel like talking about it.
I don’t feel like talking with anyone.
I don’t feel like telling her about it.
I don’t feel like telling her the truth.
I don’t feel like translating this sentence.
I don’t feel like waiting any longer.
I don’t feel like watching TV tonight.
I don’t feel like working today, so let’s go play soccer.
I don’t feel like working today.
I don’t feel like working. How about going to a movie instead?
I don’t feel like working; what about going to a cinema instead?
I don’t feel much like talking right now.
I don’t feel responsible for what happened.
I don’t feel safe walking in that neighborhood at night.
I don’t feel so good.
I don’t feel sorry for her.
I don’t feel strong enough to tell him.
I don’t feel that I can trust what he says.
I don’t feel up to eating anything tonight.
I don’t feel up to running to the station.
I don’t feel well after drinking that water.
I don’t feel well today. That well water is the reason.
I don’t feel well today. The well water is the cause of many illnesses.
I don’t feel well.
I don’t feel well. Could you give me some medicine?
I don’t feel well. Where is the office of the nearest doctor?
I don’t find your arguments convincing.
I don’t follow.
I don’t for a moment doubt your honesty.
I don’t forget turning out the light.
I don’t fully remember his name.
I don’t get along with that guy.
I don’t get enough challenge in this job.
I don’t get it.
I don’t get the joke.
I don’t get the mistake.
I don’t get the sense that remorse is in your vocabulary.
I don’t get to my office until ten thirty.
I don’t get up as early as my mother.
I don’t get what the author means there.
I don’t get what this is about.
I don’t get what you mean.
I don’t get why girls aren’t all lesbians.
I don’t get why not all girls are lesbians.
I don’t get why people like this, therefore it’s bad, and because somebody else agrees with me, I’m right.
I don’t give a damn about it!
I don’t give a damn about it.
I don’t give a damn about my CV.
I don’t give a damn about poetry.
I don’t give a damn about the stock market!
I don’t give a damn what they think.
I don’t give a fig about my CV.
I don’t give a fuck about what you say!
I don’t give a fuck about what you think.
I don’t give a fuck.
I don’t give a shit about it.
I don’t give a shit.
I don’t give a toss that you are tired.
I don’t give a toss.
I don’t gloat when you lose — as long as you play.
I don’t go by what he says.
I don’t go for men of his type.
I don’t go in for sports.
I don’t go in for that sort of thing.
I don’t go on QQ very often.
I don’t go to my office on Saturday.
I don’t go to school by bus.
I don’t go to school on Sunday.
I don’t go to school on Sundays.
I don’t go to the movies as often as I’d like.
I don’t happen to have your application on hand at the moment.
I don’t hate you, but I also don’t appreciate you. I have said this many times, I don’t need friends.
I don’t have a CD player, but I bought the CD anyway.
I don’t have a TV at my place.
I don’t have a bicycle, let alone a car.
I don’t have a bicycle.
I don’t have a big group of friends to spend nights with.
I don’t have a box.
I don’t have a brother.
I don’t have a car, but my sister does.
I don’t have a car.
I don’t have a care in the world.
I don’t have a cat.
I don’t have a cent, let alone a dollar.
I don’t have a clue how to play golf.
I don’t have a clue.
I don’t have a computer at home.
I don’t have a conscience, I only have a sensitivity.
I don’t have a decryption program.
I don’t have a definite vision for my life.
I don’t have a dime on me.
I don’t have a family.
I don’t have a good reference book to hand.
I don’t have a lot of money on me.
I don’t have a lot of money, but I get along somehow.
I don’t have a lot of money.
I don’t have a prejudice against foreign workers.
I don’t have a problem doing the laundry, but I hate folding the clothes.
I don’t have a problem with his attitude.
I don’t have a problem with this.
I don’t have a single enemy.
I don’t have a sister.
I don’t have a spare shirt.
I don’t have a stamp collection, but I have a Japanese postcard collection that I could use as an excuse to invite her.
I don’t have a stamp collection, but I have a Japanese postcard collection that I could use as an excuse to invite him.
I don’t have a sword.
I don’t have a thing to wear.
I don’t have a ticket.
I don’t have a very good dictionary.
I don’t have a washing machine at home, and so I have to go to the washing room in order to do the laundry.
I don’t have all the details.
I don’t have all the facts.
I don’t have an account at that branch of Tokai Bank.
I don’t have an ear for music.
I don’t have an excuse.
I don’t have an opportunity to get a new car.
I don’t have any brothers.
I don’t have any cash about me.
I don’t have any cavities.
I don’t have any change.
I don’t have any children.
I don’t have any classical music.
I don’t have any clothes for when I go clothes shopping.
I don’t have any enemies.
I don’t have any family to support.
I don’t have any friends.
I don’t have any good reference book at hand.
I don’t have any information on that subject.
I don’t have any money and I don’t have any friends either.
I don’t have any money in my pockets.
I don’t have any money on hand.
I don’t have any money on me.
I don’t have any money, but I have dreams.
I don’t have any money.
I don’t have any pens.
I don’t have any plans for tomorrow. I’m going to take it easy.
I don’t have any sisters.
I don’t have any time to watch TV.
I don’t have anyone who’d travel with me.
I don’t have anything about which to write.
I don’t have anything else to do but wait for you.
I don’t have anything particular to say.
I don’t have anything to declare.
I don’t have anything to do now.
I don’t have anything to give to you.
I don’t have anything to say on that subject.
I don’t have anything to say.
I don’t have as much money as he does.
I don’t have as much money as you think.
I don’t have classes today.
I don’t have contact recently from him.
I don’t have enough RAM.
I don’t have enough credits to graduate.
I don’t have enough cutlery for all my guests.
I don’t have enough money to advertise.
I don’t have enough money to buy food.
I don’t have enough money yet.
I don’t have enough money.
I don’t have enough time to eat lunch today.
I don’t have enough.
I don’t have four brothers.
I don’t have four sisters.
I don’t have good luck, so I don’t play pachinko or buy lottery tickets.
I don’t have money, but I have dreams.
I don’t have money.
I don’t have much belief in his abilities.
I don’t have much collaborative spirit.
I don’t have much desire for wealth.
I don’t have much faith in his ability.
I don’t have much in common with my left-handed boyfriend.
I don’t have much interest in cooking.
I don’t have much knowledge of physics.
I don’t have much money now.
I don’t have much money on me right now, but my card has some on it.
I don’t have much money on me.
I don’t have much money, but I can get along somehow.
I don’t have much money.
I don’t have much time now.
I don’t have much time, so I’m going to drop in at a fast-food restaurant.
I don’t have much time.
I don’t have much time. Could you hurry?
I don’t have secrets with you.
I don’t have the address now.
I don’t have the address with me.
I don’t have the authority to give you permission.
I don’t have the authority to give you the green light.
I don’t have the courage to ask my boss to lend me his car.
I don’t have the feeling for Chinese music in my body.
I don’t have the guts to talk to him about this.
I don’t have the heart to kill someone.
I don’t have the letter on me now.
I don’t have the numbers of my checks.
I don’t have the power to finish the work alone.
I don’t have the remotest idea what he will do next.
I don’t have the slightest idea what to do.
I don’t have the slightest idea.
I don’t have the strength to keep trying.
I don’t have the time or the money.
I don’t have this book.
I don’t have time for reading.
I don’t have time for that!
I don’t have time for this!
I don’t have time for you.
I don’t have time now.
I don’t have time right now.
I don’t have time to argue with you; I’m preparing the food.
I don’t have time to be bothered by such small things.
I don’t have time to be sick.
I don’t have time to finish my homework.
I don’t have time to read.
I don’t have time to take any more pupils.
I don’t have time to talk with you anymore.
I don’t have time to watch TV today.
I don’t have time.
I don’t have to apologize for what I said.
I don’t have to clean my room.
I don’t have to go to the doctor any more. I’m feeling much better.
I don’t have to go-I want to go.
I don’t have to study tonight. I think I’ll watch television for a while.
I don’t have to wear glasses any more.
I don’t have wide hips.
I don’t intend on arguing with you lot.
I don’t intend to be selfish.
I don’t intend to flatly reject suicide, but I really wish parents would not make their children join in with them.
I don’t intend to marry him.
I don’t know French, much less Greek.
I don’t know French.
I don’t know Luxembourgish.
I don’t know Russian.
I don’t know Spanish, but with the help of a Spanish-German dictionary, I nevertheless understood your letter to some extent.
I don’t know a thing about her.
I don’t know about that cinema. Is it far from here?
I don’t know about the USSR at all.
I don’t know about the others, but as for me, I’m for it.
I don’t know about the past, but now we have faxes and emails.
I don’t know about things like that.
I don’t know about you, but I can never find the right words at the right time.
I don’t know about you, but I feel pretty good today.
I don’t know all of the students.
I don’t know all of them.
I don’t know and neither does he.
I don’t know any French.
I don’t know any Tahmid.
I don’t know any blind men.
I don’t know any more about him. I know him, but only to say hello to.
I don’t know any of the five ladies.
I don’t know any other online dictionaries, but there is the 香港粵語詞典 in PDF format, you can download it at ishare.iask.sina.com.cn.
I don’t know any people in this group other than you.
I don’t know anybody by that name.
I don’t know anybody here in this town.
I don’t know anything about Japan.
I don’t know anything about her family.
I don’t know anything about him at all.
I don’t know anything about him, other than his name.
I don’t know anything about him.
I don’t know anything about his past.
I don’t know anything about their plan.
I don’t know anything about their relationship.
I don’t know anything as to his past.
I don’t know anything with respect to this area.
I don’t know anything.
I don’t know at all why he quit his job suddenly.
I don’t know because I wasn’t there.
I don’t know both of the sisters.
I don’t know both of your children.
I don’t know either boy.
I don’t know either girl.
I don’t know either of his brothers.
I don’t know either of the two sisters.
I don’t know either of them.
I don’t know either twin.
I don’t know enough about it yet.
I don’t know every one of you.
I don’t know everybody in this school.
I don’t know everything about the event.
I don’t know exactly how many visitors there were. I think three hundred something.
I don’t know exactly when I will be back.
I don’t know exactly when he will arrive.
I don’t know exactly where Kyoko lives, but it’s in the direction of Sannomiya.
I don’t know for certain what she is going to do.
I don’t know for certain when he will arrive.
I don’t know for certain when he will come.
I don’t know for certain when he’ll come back.
I don’t know for certain who he is.
I don’t know for certain yet.
I don’t know for certain.
I don’t know for sure.
I don’t know her address.
I don’t know her and I don’t think I want to.
I don’t know her at all.
I don’t know her name, but I do know her by sight.
I don’t know her telephone number.
I don’t know her, nor do I want to.
I don’t know her.
I don’t know him at all.
I don’t know him.
I don’t know his address for certain.
I don’t know his address.
I don’t know his name.
I don’t know how I should do it.
I don’t know how deep the lake is.
I don’t know how else to put it.
I don’t know how he can live with himself after what he did.
I don’t know how he received the news, but he certainly wasn’t happy about it.
I don’t know how long I’ll have to wait before I become more creative.
I don’t know how long I’ll have to wait before my creative ability improves.
I don’t know how long this situation is going to last.
I don’t know how many are going to endure this situation.
I don’t know how much this motorcycle is.
I don’t know how much those two bikes cost.
I don’t know how she puts up with the noise of a jet plane.
I don’t know how such a rumor got about.
I don’t know how things were a hundred or fifty years ago.
I don’t know how to buy a ticket.
I don’t know how to cook too many things.
I don’t know how to cook.
I don’t know how to demonstrate it, since it’s too obvious!
I don’t know how to express my gratitude.
I don’t know how to express my thanks.
I don’t know how to get along with those difficult people.
I don’t know how to get there.
I don’t know how to go there.
I don’t know how to handle children.
I don’t know how to handle it.
I don’t know how to interpret his words.
I don’t know how to legally get around those regulations.
I don’t know how to manage that large estate.
I don’t know how to operate a spinning wheel.
I don’t know how to operate this CD player.
I don’t know how to operate this computer.
I don’t know how to pay you this amount of money.
I don’t know how to pronounce his name.
I don’t know how to prove this math equation.
I don’t know how to put it in Japanese.
I don’t know how to reply to that question.
I don’t know how to ride a bicycle.
I don’t know how to satisfy his need for constant attention.
I don’t know how to say it.
I don’t know how to set about the work.
I don’t know how to spell the word.
I don’t know how to swim.
I don’t know how to thank you enough.
I don’t know how to thank you.
I don’t know how to use a VCR.
I don’t know how to use an art file (.art).
I don’t know how to use this compass.
I don’t know how, but I just picked it up naturally.
I don’t know if George is coming or not.
I don’t know if George is coming.
I don’t know if I have enough money.
I don’t know if I have the time.
I don’t know if I still have it.
I don’t know if I’ll have time to do it.
I don’t know if I’ll have time.
I don’t know if he has any special powers or not, but he’s probably stronger than a normal human.
I don’t know if he is a doctor.
I don’t know if he knows it.
I don’t know if he locked the door.
I don’t know if he will visit us next Sunday.
I don’t know if he would have done it for me.
I don’t know if her new shirt will go with her blue jeans.
I don’t know if it is a sin, but if you are not busy, you can listen.
I don’t know if it is good.
I don’t know if it is true.
I don’t know if it will be fine tomorrow, but if it is fine we’ll go on a picnic.
I don’t know if it will be fine tomorrow.
I don’t know if it will rain tomorrow or not.
I don’t know if it will rain tomorrow.
I don’t know if it’s a bug or not, but this software doesn’t work correctly.
I don’t know if modern technology increases unemployment, or rather decreases it.
I don’t know if she wants to go with me.
I don’t know if she will come.
I don’t know if she will go there with me.
I don’t know if there is time.
I don’t know if there’s time.
I don’t know if things happening here make me laugh or cry.
I don’t know if this is true.
I don’t know if you remember me.
I don’t know if you’d call it a hobby, but to stretch it a little, you could say music appreciation is my hobby.
I don’t know it. Nor does he.
I don’t know much about computers.
I don’t know much about painting, but I can tell that this brush has an excellent stroke feel to it.
I don’t know much about today’s revolutions.
I don’t know my address yet, I’m going to stay with my friend for a while.
I don’t know my father’s annual income.
I don’t know my way around in this neighborhood.
I don’t know that it’s a good strategy.
I don’t know that.
I don’t know the ABC of business.
I don’t know the Latin language.
I don’t know the day when he will come.
I don’t know the details.
I don’t know the exact length of this bridge.
I don’t know the exact place I was born.
I don’t know the exact place that I was born.
I don’t know the land where my father died, but it might be Choctaw country.
I don’t know the mayor but I’d like to meet him.
I don’t know the name of the birds that were singing such a merry song.
I don’t know the origin of the rumor.
I don’t know the reason for her absence.
I don’t know the reason he is absent today.
I don’t know the reason why he was absent.
I don’t know the reason why he went there.
I don’t know the reason why he will not go on to college.
I don’t know the reason why she isn’t coming.
I don’t know the theater play, but I know the author well.
I don’t know the word ’impossible’.
I don’t know them.
I don’t know this neighborhood too well.
I don’t know this problem altogether.
I don’t know this system, but the man in charge will explain.
I don’t know what I should say.
I don’t know what Mary is looking for.
I don’t know what day he’ll come.
I don’t know what happened to him.
I don’t know what has become of him.
I don’t know what has become of the boy.
I don’t know what has become of the hatchling.
I don’t know what has happened to him.
I don’t know what he is like.
I don’t know what he’s doing now, but it’s not her.
I don’t know what is in store for me in the future.
I don’t know what is worse.
I don’t know what it is.
I don’t know what kind of creature is making such a terrible noise outside tonight.
I don’t know what kind of person he is.
I don’t know what motivated me to come here.
I don’t know what plan he will try.
I don’t know what powers he’s developed by himself, but I do know he’s an expert at hypnosis and memory erasure already.
I don’t know what that word means, but I’ll try to find out.
I don’t know what the correct answer is.
I don’t know what the message of "Lost" is, but I know what Twitter’s is: everyone wants to be important.
I don’t know what the question means.
I don’t know what the time is.
I don’t know what the word ’impossible’ means.
I don’t know what this means.
I don’t know what this symbol stands for.
I don’t know what this word means.
I don’t know what this word means. I’ll look it up in the dictionary.
I don’t know what time it is.
I don’t know what to buy him for his birthday.
I don’t know what to do about his shoplifting.
I don’t know what to do about this difficult problem.
I don’t know what to do any more.
I don’t know what to do anymore.
I don’t know what to do either.
I don’t know what to do from now on.
I don’t know what to do next.
I don’t know what to do now.
I don’t know what to do with him.
I don’t know what to do with my leisure.
I don’t know what to do with that guy. No matter how mad I get at him he just takes it in stride and pays no attention.
I don’t know what to do without you.
I don’t know what to do.
I don’t know what to feed my dog.
I don’t know what to make of your actions.
I don’t know what to open it with.
I don’t know what to order.
I don’t know what to say to make you feel better.
I don’t know what to say to you anymore.
I don’t know what to say.
I don’t know what to study.
I don’t know what to think anymore.
I don’t know what to think.
I don’t know what to write in this sentence.
I don’t know what we would do without you.
I don’t know what went on last night, but they’re not speaking to each other this morning.
I don’t know what will pass.
I don’t know what you mean.
I don’t know what you want to do.
I don’t know what you’re talking about.
I don’t know what, but I felt in my heart something that gives me the chills.
I don’t know what’s got into her.
I don’t know when Bob came to Japan.
I don’t know when I’ll get around to visiting you.
I don’t know when Tom is planning to arrive.
I don’t know when Tom will leave Japan.
I don’t know when he decided to leave Rome.
I don’t know when he entered the building.
I don’t know when he got back from France.
I don’t know when he returned from France.
I don’t know when he will come.
I don’t know when he’ll be here.
I don’t know when he’ll come again.
I don’t know when he’ll come back.
I don’t know when he’ll come here.
I don’t know when he’ll come next time.
I don’t know when he’ll come, but when he does, he’ll do his best.
I don’t know when my father will come back.
I don’t know when my mother will come back.
I don’t know when she decided to leave Rome.
I don’t know when she got married.
I don’t know when she will leave for London.
I don’t know when the machine must be turned off.
I don’t know when the machine should be turned off.
I don’t know when you must turn off the device.
I don’t know when, but it’ll happen someday.
I don’t know where I should go.
I don’t know where he comes from.
I don’t know where he lives.
I don’t know where he went.
I don’t know where my watch is.
I don’t know where she lives.
I don’t know where they are.
I don’t know where to go or what to do.
I don’t know where to go.
I don’t know where to wait for her.
I don’t know where we’ll arrive.
I don’t know where you’re from, and neither does he.
I don’t know whether George will come or not.
I don’t know whether I can do it, but I’ll try.
I don’t know whether I can go there or not.
I don’t know whether I will win or lose.
I don’t know whether I’ve got the chutzpah to try it.
I don’t know whether he comes or not.
I don’t know whether he is dead or alive.
I don’t know whether he will agree to our plan or not.
I don’t know whether he will come or not.
I don’t know whether he will hang out or play basketball.
I don’t know whether he’ll come by train or by car.
I don’t know whether he’ll come or not.
I don’t know whether he’ll join us or not.
I don’t know whether he’s a college student or not.
I don’t know whether he’s younger or older than I am.
I don’t know whether it is true or not.
I don’t know whether it’s right or not.
I don’t know whether she believed me or not but in any case it seems she doesn’t automatically dismiss talk of the supernatural.
I don’t know whether she likes her coffee black.
I don’t know whether she will come.
I don’t know whether she will go to the movies or go home to watch movies.
I don’t know whether she will show up.
I don’t know whether the story is true or not.
I don’t know whether to accept or refuse.
I don’t know whether to cry or to laugh.
I don’t know whether to go away or to stay where I am.
I don’t know whether to go to the party or not.
I don’t know whether to turn left or right.
I don’t know whether you are telling the truth or not.
I don’t know whether you like her or not.
I don’t know which button to push.
I don’t know which doctor she meant.
I don’t know which dress to choose; it’s a toss up between the red one and the green one.
I don’t know which is which.
I don’t know which to choose.
I don’t know who created "Pokémon Go," but I want to figure out how to get them to have "Pokémon Go To The Polls."
I don’t know who he is.
I don’t know who made the cake.
I don’t know who my ancestors are. Our papers got lost during the Flood.
I don’t know who named this dog Pochi.
I don’t know who painted this picture.
I don’t know who should guide me.
I don’t know who that boy is.
I don’t know who that man is.
I don’t know who the man is.
I don’t know who to ask for advice.
I don’t know who to consult with.
I don’t know who to turn to.
I don’t know who wrote this letter.
I don’t know who.
I don’t know whom you want to see.
I don’t know why I bother repeating myself.
I don’t know why I’m in a bad mood this morning.
I don’t know why he can live above his means.
I don’t know why he quit the company.
I don’t know why he was late.
I don’t know why in my dreams, she isn’t there. Maybe she doesn’t want to be there not to disturb me.
I don’t know why it took me so long to get over my cold this time.
I don’t know why the management submitted to the striker’s demands so easily.
I don’t know why the meeting was postponed.
I don’t know why there are so many vegetarian products trying to imitate meat. Who knows if they will be healthy?
I don’t know why they are fighting.
I don’t know why they are so steamed off at us.
I don’t know why this infant needs a bier.
I don’t know why we say it like that, we just do.
I don’t know why you don’t like him.
I don’t know why, but I’m sure that Tom has his reasons for not hiring Mary.
I don’t know why, but he seems to have it in for me.
I don’t know yet.
I don’t know you.
I don’t know your preference, so please help yourself.
I don’t know, but I’ve got time before it.
I don’t know, nor do I care.
I don’t know, you tell me!
I don’t know.
I don’t know. Is there a nickname for Tokyo?
I don’t know. It all happened in an instant.
I don’t know. It depends on the price.
I don’t know. What do you think?
I don’t lend my books to any of the students.
I don’t like Alice.
I don’t like Bill, who gets angry easily.
I don’t like English.
I don’t like Tom very much; in fact, I detest him.
I don’t like a fat diet.
I don’t like a negative sort of man.
I don’t like a novel without a hero.
I don’t like a world where things change so slowly.
I don’t like all of them.
I don’t like all of these folk songs.
I don’t like any of them.
I don’t like any of these hats.
I don’t like any of these pictures.
I don’t like any of these records.
I don’t like anything like hard work.
I don’t like anything.
I don’t like apples.
I don’t like artificial flowers.
I don’t like bad boys.
I don’t like bad children.
I don’t like baseball at all.
I don’t like being asked to go shopping.
I don’t like being made a fool of.
I don’t like being treated like a child.
I don’t like being treated like this.
I don’t like being treated this way.
I don’t like both of them.
I don’t like both of you going to such a place.
I don’t like cheese for breakfast, nor does my wife.
I don’t like cheese very much.
I don’t like classical music.
I don’t like coffee too much, but I tend to have a cup once in a while.
I don’t like coffee.
I don’t like cold coffee.
I don’t like dogs.
I don’t like drinking.
I don’t like eggs.
I don’t like either hat.
I don’t like either of the boys.
I don’t like either of the pictures.
I don’t like either of them.
I don’t like either tea or coffee.
I don’t like either watch.
I don’t like families that quarrel amongst themselves.
I don’t like frisk searches.
I don’t like girls who put on airs.
I don’t like going out by myself at night.
I don’t like grilled fish, let alone raw fish.
I don’t like heavy makeup on a young girl.
I don’t like her face.
I don’t like her in some ways.
I don’t like her manner.
I don’t like her to go in such a dress.
I don’t like her, because she always puts on airs.
I don’t like her.
I don’t like him any more than he likes me.
I don’t like him because he is sly as a fox.
I don’t like him because he is too proud.
I don’t like him because he loses his temper easily.
I don’t like him coming to my house so often.
I don’t like him either.
I don’t like him much, in fact I hate him.
I don’t like him.
I don’t like his affected manner of speaking.
I don’t like his boasting of his success in business.
I don’t like his holier-than-thou attitude.
I don’t like his rude manner.
I don’t like his shallow personality.
I don’t like his smart way of talking.
I don’t like his taste in color.
I don’t like his way of talking.
I don’t like homework.
I don’t like iced coffee, and she doesn’t either.
I don’t like it at all.
I don’t like it when Tom borrows money from me.
I don’t like it when clothes are hung up here and there in the room.
I don’t like it when mathematicians who know much more than I do can’t express themselves explicitly.
I don’t like it, either.
I don’t like learning irregular verbs.
I don’t like living in the country.
I don’t like long drives.
I don’t like math, much less physics.
I don’t like meat. I prefer a vegetarian diet.
I don’t like meeting new people.
I don’t like men like him.
I don’t like movies.
I don’t like my brother climbing the mountains.
I don’t like my father’s attending the meeting.
I don’t like noisy music, such as rock.
I don’t like novels without heroes.
I don’t like other kinds of drinks.
I don’t like people who always insist on talking about politics.
I don’t like people who get angry easily.
I don’t like pepperoni pizza that much.
I don’t like pepperoni pizza very much.
I don’t like performing oral sex on men.
I don’t like pizza any more than I like spaghetti.
I don’t like pizza anymore.
I don’t like playing on a team.
I don’t like raw cut edges.
I don’t like running down members of the staff, but he’s the rudest man I’ve met.
I don’t like sad movies.
I don’t like sand. It’s coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere.
I don’t like school.
I don’t like seeing young girls with heavy makeup.
I don’t like sewing because I can’t thread the needle.
I don’t like shellfish.
I don’t like spicy food.
I don’t like spoiled children.
I don’t like spring.
I don’t like studying in this heat.
I don’t like studying.
I don’t like such sports as boxing and hockey.
I don’t like such sports as tennis and golf.
I don’t like such things as steaks and hamburgers.
I don’t like summer.
I don’t like sushi.
I don’t like sweet desserts.
I don’t like swimming in pools.
I don’t like tea.
I don’t like teachers who like students who don’t like asking questions.
I don’t like telling her the truth.
I don’t like telling him the truth.
I don’t like telling you the truth.
I don’t like that fat kid who ate your lunch.
I don’t like that he comes to my house so often.
I don’t like that house that he lives in.
I don’t like that idea much.
I don’t like that kind of music.
I don’t like the atmosphere of that school.
I don’t like the coffee.
I don’t like the house he lives in.
I don’t like the house in which he lives.
I don’t like the house which he lives in.
I don’t like the idea much.
I don’t like the idea that money is everything.
I don’t like the look of the weather today. I’m worried the hanami party might be cancelled.
I don’t like the new textbook for my English class; I prefer the original.
I don’t like the polluted atmosphere of big cities.
I don’t like the poor, they think only of money.
I don’t like the red jacket.
I don’t like the substitute teacher.
I don’t like the sun, I prefer the rain and dance under it.
I don’t like the taste of onions.
I don’t like the taste of tomatoes.
I don’t like the traffic.
I don’t like the way he speaks to me.
I don’t like the way he speaks.
I don’t like the way he talks.
I don’t like the way she laughs.
I don’t like the way she speaks.
I don’t like the way you laugh at her.
I don’t like the way you look.
I don’t like these remarks.
I don’t like this book.
I don’t like this camera.
I don’t like this hat.
I don’t like this idea at all.
I don’t like this jacket.
I don’t like this model but I’ll have to make do with it.
I don’t like this new upgrade.
I don’t like this one here you go.
I don’t like this one.
I don’t like this one; show me another.
I don’t like this place.
I don’t like this quiet necktie. Please show me a more colourful one.
I don’t like this shirt. Show me another.
I don’t like this skirt. It always rides up.
I don’t like this sweater.
I don’t like this tie. Show me a better one.
I don’t like this type of house.
I don’t like this watch.
I don’t like this.
I don’t like this. Show me another.
I don’t like those who say so.
I don’t like to be alone.
I don’t like to be disturbed.
I don’t like to be kept waiting for a long time.
I don’t like to be made a fuss about.
I don’t like to be spoken to.
I don’t like to carry a purse.
I don’t like to cook when it’s hot outside.
I don’t like to drink coffee.
I don’t like to drink water with ice.
I don’t like to eat fish with many bones.
I don’t like to go out after dark.
I don’t like to go out when it’s dark.
I don’t like to go out without a coat on such a cold day.
I don’t like to go outside when it’s raining.
I don’t like to have a doctor examine me.
I don’t like to inhale someone’s smoke while I’m working.
I don’t like to leave people hanging.
I don’t like to leave things up in the air.
I don’t like to make a mistake.
I don’t like to mix business with pleasure.
I don’t like to run a risk.
I don’t like to see animals cruelly treated.
I don’t like to see food go to waste.
I don’t like to see you shouting at her face.
I don’t like to send postcards when I’m on a trip.
I don’t like to sing in public.
I don’t like to speak in front of people.
I don’t like to speak in public.
I don’t like to swim in pools.
I don’t like to swim in the pool.
I don’t like to take on any more work.
I don’t like to take on such heavy responsibilities.
I don’t like to take on the heavy responsibilities.
I don’t like to travel in large groups.
I don’t like to travel with large groups.
I don’t like traveling by air.
I don’t like visiting big cities.
I don’t like walking home alone after dark.
I don’t like warm winters.
I don’t like watching television. I prefer listening to music.
I don’t like what he said.
I don’t like what they call a man of character.
I don’t like windy days.
I don’t like women without personalities.
I don’t like working at the bank.
I don’t like you any more than you like me.
I don’t like you anymore.
I don’t like you.
I don’t like your behavior.
I don’t like your coming late every day.
I don’t like your coming late every time.
I don’t like your friends at all.
I don’t like your girlfriend.
I don’t like your going out alone.
I don’t like your going there by yourself.
I don’t like your name.
I don’t like your taste in color.
I don’t live in Maigo now.
I don’t live in a very crowded area, so I haven’t had to learn to parallel park. But if I lived somewhere like downtown Boston, I’d definitely have to.
I don’t live in his pocket.
I don’t lose my appetite when I get stressed, rather I can’t calm down unless I eat something.
I don’t love her anymore.
I don’t love her, not even if she loves me.
I don’t love her.
I don’t love you anymore.
I don’t love you anymore; my feelings have changed over time.
I don’t make much of his opinion.
I don’t mean to be antisocial, but I’m tired.
I don’t mean to challenge your theory.
I don’t mean to make you worry.
I don’t mean to object to your proposal.
I don’t mean to poke my nose into your affairs.
I don’t mean to take it out on you.
I don’t mean you.
I don’t meet him so often.
I don’t menstruate.
I don’t mind being criticized when I am wrong.
I don’t mind doing the housework.
I don’t mind even if she doesn’t come.
I don’t mind getting up at six.
I don’t mind going for a drive, but please avoid really windy roads. I’d surely get car sick.
I don’t mind him touching my butt.
I don’t mind hot weather.
I don’t mind if I do!
I don’t mind if I get wet.
I don’t mind if it gets a little cold.
I don’t mind if it’s a little cold.
I don’t mind if it’s hot and spicy.
I don’t mind if it’s hot.
I don’t mind if the weather is hot.
I don’t mind if you go to bed before I get home.
I don’t mind if you smoke.
I don’t mind in the slightest who he is.
I don’t mind leaving at six o’clock.
I don’t mind lending some money to you.
I don’t mind lending you the money provided you pay it back within a month.
I don’t mind sharing the room with him.
I don’t mind since I’m used to it, but the first guy who thought about making a hearse with a golden roof on top of it, he must have had quite bad taste.
I don’t mind the cold, but I can’t stand the heat.
I don’t mind the cold.
I don’t mind the heat.
I don’t mind waiting for a while.
I don’t mind waiting.
I don’t mind walking in the rain.
I don’t mind walking.
I don’t mind your groping in the dark for a solution, but I wish you’d come to a decision.
I don’t mind your smoking.
I don’t mind your staying here.
I don’t mind.
I don’t much feel like working these days.
I don’t necessarily trust translations.
I don’t need an explanation.
I don’t need any bit of your charity.
I don’t need anything now.
I don’t need anything... just a new pair of pants.
I don’t need fake friends.
I don’t need him anymore.
I don’t need it.
I don’t need money at present.
I don’t need to go on and on about it.
I don’t need to have fun to drink.
I don’t need to sound like a native speaker, I just want to be able to speak fluently.
I don’t need you to take care of me.
I don’t need your help.
I don’t need your money. I just need your time.
I don’t object to your going out to work, but who will look after the children?
I don’t object to your plan.
I don’t often experience boredom.
I don’t often find myself with nothing to do.
I don’t ovulate.
I don’t owe you squat!
I don’t own any expensive jewelry.
I don’t own any real jewels.
I don’t own this sentence.
I don’t particularly like her.
I don’t particularly want to see the game.
I don’t plan to vote at the upcoming election.
I don’t pretend to love him.
I don’t pretend to understand global warming.
I don’t pretend to understand women.
I don’t put sugar in my coffee.
I don’t quite agree with you.
I don’t quite believe what he says.
I don’t quite follow you.
I don’t quite follow, but it looks like it will prove tricky. Ergh.
I don’t quite know how it happened.
I don’t quite know.
I don’t quite understand what he says.
I don’t quite understand what you are saying.
I don’t read newspapers much.
I don’t read this kind of book much.
I don’t really care for that sort of thing.
I don’t really care that much.
I don’t really feel like dating him.
I don’t really know why he wrote the book.
I don’t really know.
I don’t really like him, in a nutshell, I think he is an idiot.
I don’t really like the mall stores.
I don’t really like the stores there.
I don’t really look at it that way.
I don’t really think anything of it.
I don’t recall ever wanting to be a fireman or a baseball player as a youth.
I don’t recall seeing any cars parked outside.
I don’t recall.
I don’t receive on Sundays.
I don’t recognize this shirt. Whose is it?
I don’t recommend eating in that restaurant. The food is awful.
I don’t regret coming here.
I don’t regret it.
I don’t regret it. To tell you the truth, this has given me some publicity.
I don’t remember agreeing to that.
I don’t remember ever seeing Tom carrying a red bag.
I don’t remember exactly, but I suppose it was Friday last week.
I don’t remember exactly.
I don’t remember getting paid for the work.
I don’t remember having had any toys when I was young.
I don’t remember his name.
I don’t remember how tall you are.
I don’t remember how we ended up in Boston.
I don’t remember mailing the letter.
I don’t remember my father’s face accurately.
I don’t remember my grandmother’s face accurately.
I don’t remember playing with friends after school.
I don’t remember posting the letter.
I don’t remember seeing you two years ago.
I don’t remember the first time I met him.
I don’t remember the last time I climbed a tree.
I don’t remember what I was looking for.
I don’t remember what happened anymore.
I don’t remember what happened.
I don’t remember when I first met him.
I don’t remember when I met him before.
I don’t remember when and where I met you.
I don’t remember when the first time I met him was.
I don’t remember where I bought it.
I don’t remember where I put my key.
I don’t remember your name.
I don’t remember!
I don’t remember.
I don’t respond well to threats.
I don’t see Tom a whole lot.
I don’t see Tom much.
I don’t see Tom often.
I don’t see any content in his statements besides clowning, affectation, and pretentiousness.
I don’t see any difference.
I don’t see any issue.
I don’t see any point in going if the party is almost over.
I don’t see any point in persuading him.
I don’t see any reason why I have to apologize.
I don’t see anything.
I don’t see eye to eye with him on that matter.
I don’t see eye to eye with my father.
I don’t see him.
I don’t see how I can refuse.
I don’t see how you can eat that stuff.
I don’t see it.
I don’t see much of him.
I don’t see tears on your face, do I?
I don’t see that there’s any particular problem here, is there?
I don’t see the humor in anything.
I don’t see what he says.
I don’t see what's wrong with this.
I don’t see why I am in a bad humor this morning.
I don’t see why I have to go to your house at midnight.
I don’t see why I need to do this.
I don’t see why I should not do that.
I don’t see your point.
I don’t shampoo my hair in the morning.
I don’t ski, but I really like to skate.
I don’t smoke any more.
I don’t smoke now, but I used to.
I don’t smoke.
I don’t speak Catalan.
I don’t speak Chinese.
I don’t speak English as fluidly as Naomi does.
I don’t speak English well even though I took it for six years at school.
I don’t speak French very much.
I don’t speak French well enough!
I don’t speak French, but I understand it a little.
I don’t speak German.
I don’t speak Hebrew.
I don’t speak Japanese.
I don’t speak Spanish.
I don’t speak Swedish.
I don’t speak any Klingon.
I don’t speak fast.
I don’t spend much time preparing for English classes.
I don’t study after school.
I don’t study math as hard as English.
I don’t study regularly, so there’s no way that I’ll get a good grade on tomorrow’s test.
I don’t subscribe to your idea.
I don’t suffer from insanity - I enjoy it!
I don’t support his ideas.
I don’t suppose it’s going to be sunny.
I don’t suppose it’s going to rain.
I don’t suppose it’s possible to read a book by moonlight.
I don’t suppose you ever really get over the death of a child.
I don’t suppose you know anything about Tom, do you?
I don’t suppose you’d consider helping Tom.
I don’t switch on the light in my studio at night.
I don’t take after my father.
I don’t talk to anyone who’s that status-conscious.
I don’t think I can cut in working in America.
I don’t think I can get along with him.
I don’t think I can get through all this work by five.
I don’t think I could do that.
I don’t think I really matter to you.
I don’t think I shall get through all this work this afternoon.
I don’t think I want to go.
I don’t think I will get through all this work this afternoon.
I don’t think I would ever shop until I had to go into debt because of it.
I don’t think I’d mind eating Chinese food every day.
I don’t think I’ll be able to hold in my anger any longer.
I don’t think I’ll ever meet him.
I don’t think I’ll ever sound like a native speaker and I don’t really think I need to.
I don’t think I’ll ever sound like a native speaker no matter how much I try.
I don’t think I’ll ever sound like a native speaker.
I don’t think I’ll make the grade if I try to play professional baseball.
I don’t think I’ll succeed on this one.
I don’t think I’m cut out for city life.
I don’t think John is suited for the job.
I don’t think TV will ever take the place of books.
I don’t think Tom can deal with the situation.
I don’t think Tom is in the mood to work right now.
I don’t think Tom is particularly handsome.
I don’t think Tom was involved in the scandal.
I don’t think any more students want to come.
I don’t think any of those horses is going to win.
I don’t think being poor is anything to be ashamed of.
I don’t think children should drink beer.
I don’t think he can help you.
I don’t think he has anything to do with the matter.
I don’t think he is fit for the job.
I don’t think he is truthful.
I don’t think he killed those men.
I don’t think her story is true.
I don’t think he’ll be able to do it by himself.
I don’t think he’ll be able to do that work.
I don’t think he’ll come.
I don’t think he’ll know how to do that work.
I don’t think he’ll say yes.
I don’t think he’s a great actor.
I don’t think he’s playing with a full deck.
I don’t think his proposals amount to much.
I don’t think it is an irregular sentence.
I don’t think it makes him a bad person just because he’s decided he likes to eat horse meat.
I don’t think it will rain this afternoon.
I don’t think it will rain, but I’ll take an umbrella in case.
I don’t think it worthwhile doing such a thing.
I don’t think it’ll rain tomorrow.
I don’t think it’s always right for local governments to submit to the central government.
I don’t think it’s easy to form your own opinion on an issue.
I don’t think it’s funny at all.
I don’t think it’s his.
I don’t think it’s likely that Tom will come over this time of night.
I don’t think it’s necessary for me to sound like a native speaker. I just want to be able to speak fluently.
I don’t think it’s odd at all.
I don’t think it’s possible to finish that amount of work in one day.
I don’t think it’s strange at all.
I don’t think it’s weird at all.
I don’t think many people can say they are satisfied with their salary.
I don’t think much of him as a musician.
I don’t think my boyfriend and I will ever make up.
I don’t think my brother will be present tomorrow.
I don’t think my father is willing to lend us the car.
I don’t think people should make a mountain of a mole hill.
I don’t think she can speak French.
I don’t think she cares very much.
I don’t think she could spare the time because she is always busy with her work.
I don’t think she is capable of doing this job. To start with, she is far too old.
I don’t think she is fit for the job.
I don’t think she is happy.
I don’t think she takes after her mother.
I don’t think she will come back by five.
I don’t think so.
I don’t think television will take the place of books.
I don’t think that I deserved the punishment I got.
I don’t think that he will come.
I don’t think that he’ll come.
I don’t think that he’s right.
I don’t think that his performance was any good.
I don’t think that it will rain tomorrow.
I don’t think that it’s strange at all.
I don’t think that she looks like her mother.
I don’t think that she will come.
I don’t think that technology provides us with everything we need.
I don’t think that the Giants will be the champions this year.
I don’t think that there is any better way to learn English than by living in America.
I don’t think that they are valuable just because they have a large crop, but I’m glad when they sprout in great numbers - even when they are poison mushrooms.
I don’t think that this shirt suits a red tie.
I don’t think that those damn batteries are in this damn drawer.
I don’t think that was a wise decision.
I don’t think that will give you enough time to get there.
I don’t think that you did all this homework by yourself.
I don’t think that’s the case.
I don’t think the house is as big as we hoped.
I don’t think there is any excuse for his behavior. At the same time, we should listen to what he has to say.
I don’t think there is any need for you to explain.
I don’t think these ink stains will come off.
I don’t think they can behave themselves at the party.
I don’t think they’ve fully adapted to the working world yet. They still seem like students.
I don’t think this is a good approach to biology.
I don’t think this is a good idea.
I don’t think this is the box that this toy came in; it won’t fit in.
I don’t think this movie is interesting.
I don’t think this old car will make it to the top of the hill.
I don’t think this shirt goes with that red tie.
I don’t think we can keep the lid on the scandal much longer; people are bound to find out.
I don’t think we can really say that one is right and the other is wrong.
I don’t think we should do that.
I don’t think you can gain his ear.
I don’t think you ought to.
I don’t think your plan will work.
I don’t think your seeing him is good for you.
I don’t think, therefore I am not.
I don’t treat you as enemies.
I don’t trust businessmen.
I don’t trust him any longer.
I don’t trust him any more.
I don’t trust him; be careful what you say when he’s around.
I don’t trust his story.
I don’t typically go through periods of boredom.
I don’t understand Chinese, but I want to learn.
I don’t understand Dutch, because it’s difficult.
I don’t understand Dutch. It’s difficult.
I don’t understand English.
I don’t understand German at all.
I don’t understand German.
I don’t understand a thing about that result.
I don’t understand a thing you’re saying.
I don’t understand a word of French.
I don’t understand a word of what you’re saying.
I don’t understand all the soccer mania.
I don’t understand and I’m not used to not understanding. Please explain it once more.
I don’t understand electronics shoptalk.
I don’t understand him sometimes.
I don’t understand his reluctance to go.
I don’t understand his way of thinking at all.
I don’t understand his way of thinking.
I don’t understand how in the world they can take your stuff for safekeeping, but then the post office guy has the nerve to tell you "Sorry, we lost it" and expect that to be the end of it.
I don’t understand how this works.
I don’t understand much about it.
I don’t understand music.
I don’t understand the problem; I could make neither head nor tail of it.
I don’t understand the questions that the teacher asks.
I don’t understand the way that he thinks.
I don’t understand this novel’s plot.
I don’t understand this poem.
I don’t understand this word.
I don’t understand this.
I don’t understand those translations.
I don’t understand what it is that you’re trying to say, but I like it!
I don’t understand what the author is trying to say.
I don’t understand what the teacher said.
I don’t understand what you are saying.
I don’t understand what you are talking about.
I don’t understand what you are trying to say.
I don’t understand what you guys are saying.
I don’t understand what you’re saying.
I don’t understand what you’re trying to say.
I don’t understand why Germany won the Eurovision.
I don’t understand why pepperoni pizza is so popular.
I don’t understand why she is opposed to my opinion.
I don’t understand why they moved the soft sign in the Ukrainian alphabet; it seemed much more logical for me when it came at the end.
I don’t understand why this has to be done.
I don’t understand why this keeps coming loose.
I don’t understand why you don’t even want to talk to him.
I don’t understand you at all.
I don’t understand you.
I don’t understand your question.
I don’t understand.
I don’t use birth control.
I don’t use taxis unless it’s absolutely necessary.
I don’t usually eat red meat.
I don’t usually have to work on Sundays.
I don’t usually take long baths but you’re in and out in no time.
I don’t wanna clean up dog shit.
I don’t wanna go back.
I don’t wanna press you.
I don’t want Nuja to go to school all rumpled.
I don’t want a Ferrari bad enough to sell my house to get one.
I don’t want a nurse who swoons at the sight of blood.
I don’t want an apology. I want an explanation.
I don’t want any more!
I don’t want any more.
I don’t want any sandwiches.
I don’t want any sugar.
I don’t want any trouble.
I don’t want anything to drink.
I don’t want dinner.
I don’t want him to touch me.
I don’t want it anymore.
I don’t want it.
I don’t want lunch.
I don’t want meat.
I don’t want something like this to happen.
I don’t want that anymore.
I don’t want that until tomorrow.
I don’t want the investigation to burn out.
I don’t want there to be any misunderstanding.
I don’t want this news to be made public yet.
I don’t want this secret to be exposed.
I don’t want this shirt.
I don’t want to associate with Yumiko; she usually tells lies.
I don’t want to be any more burden to my parents.
I don’t want to be involved in that matter.
I don’t want to be involved in this affair.
I don’t want to be lame, I want to be cool!!
I don’t want to be lame; I want to be cool!!
I don’t want to be late for school.
I don’t want to be late.
I don’t want to be laughed at.
I don’t want to be left here frustrated.
I don’t want to be left holding the bag.
I don’t want to be made a cat’s paw.
I don’t want to be referred to in that way.
I don’t want to be seen in his company.
I don’t want to be seen with him.
I don’t want to be taken in.
I don’t want to be the one who breaks the news to her.
I don’t want to be tied to one company.
I don’t want to be used.
I don’t want to belong to the elite at all. It’s already enough for me to be the best.
I don’t want to bow down to him.
I don’t want to burden you with my troubles.
I don’t want to buy that durian.
I don’t want to buy the bicycle anymore.
I don’t want to buy this carpet.
I don’t want to buy this kind of sofa.
I don’t want to call the person a bad name.
I don’t want to celebrate my birthday.
I don’t want to discuss my emotions with you.
I don’t want to do anything risky.
I don’t want to do his work for him.
I don’t want to drink anything cold.
I don’t want to eat a live lobster.
I don’t want to eat any more.
I don’t want to eat here.
I don’t want to eat lunch now.
I don’t want to fail my exams.
I don’t want to fail the test.
I don’t want to feel blue.
I don’t want to get a full denture.
I don’t want to get a suntan.
I don’t want to get any older.
I don’t want to get involved in that business.
I don’t want to get involved in that sort of thing.
I don’t want to get married too early.
I don’t want to get my hands dirty.
I don’t want to get you into trouble.
I don’t want to give a bad name to the person.
I don’t want to give myself false hopes.
I don’t want to give out something bad.
I don’t want to go alone.
I don’t want to go any place.
I don’t want to go anywhere in particular.
I don’t want to go bald when I’m still young.
I don’t want to go by plane, if I can help it.
I don’t want to go if you don’t go with me.
I don’t want to go out on a limb.
I don’t want to go out.
I don’t want to go outside this afternoon.
I don’t want to go there in particular.
I don’t want to go there. He doesn’t want to go either.
I don’t want to go to Italy.
I don’t want to go to bed.
I don’t want to go to school today.
I don’t want to go to school.
I don’t want to go with you.
I don’t want to have an operation.
I don’t want to have another fight with you.
I don’t want to have children. Is that abnormal?
I don’t want to have you involved in the trouble.
I don’t want to hear any more excuses.
I don’t want to hear any more of your complaining.
I don’t want to hear you complain!
I don’t want to hear you speak.
I don’t want to hear your excuses.
I don’t want to hurt Tom again.
I don’t want to hurt her.
I don’t want to hurt his feelings.
I don’t want to hurt you.
I don’t want to hurt your feelings.
I don’t want to identify myself with that group.
I don’t want to imagine ever looking up "Viagra" on Wikipedia.
I don’t want to intrude on them if they’re busy.
I don’t want to jump the gun.
I don’t want to know that kind of story.
I don’t want to lead a dog’s life any more.
I don’t want to lend or borrow.
I don’t want to let my emotions out.
I don’t want to let myself go bad.
I don’t want to lie anymore.
I don’t want to live all by myself.
I don’t want to live alone.
I don’t want to live by myself.
I don’t want to live in a country that doesn’t want to defend my rights.
I don’t want to live in the city forever.
I don’t want to lose my ideas, even though some of them are a bit extreme.
I don’t want to lose this match.
I don’t want to make an issue of it.
I don’t want to miss my flight.
I don’t want to participate in the ceremony.
I don’t want to propose to you!
I don’t want to put her to even a small inconvenience.
I don’t want to raise false hopes.
I don’t want to read this book.
I don’t want to remember. I feel I’ll go mad through rage.
I don’t want to resign my job at present.
I don’t want to respect a man like him.
I don’t want to risk losing it.
I don’t want to risk missing the last train of the day.
I don’t want to risk my life.
I don’t want to run such a risk.
I don’t want to run the risk of losing it.
I don’t want to rush you, but let’s try to catch the next bus.
I don’t want to say a word against my own sister, but she was always meddlesome and hard to please.
I don’t want to see anybody today.
I don’t want to see him again.
I don’t want to see him at all.
I don’t want to see him, let alone go out with him.
I don’t want to see my future after 30 years.
I don’t want to see this either.
I don’t want to see your face ever again.
I don’t want to see your faces.
I don’t want to share the hotel room with a stranger.
I don’t want to shoot you, but I will if I have to.
I don’t want to sing, because I’m tone-deaf.
I don’t want to spend any more time than necessary cleaning the house.
I don’t want to spend more than $10.
I don’t want to spend the rest of my life regretting it.
I don’t want to spend the whole day talking about your health.
I don’t want to take a walk now.
I don’t want to take on any more work.
I don’t want to take risks.
I don’t want to talk about it.
I don’t want to talk about the weather.
I don’t want to talk to that bloke ever again.
I don’t want to talk to you.
I don’t want to think about anything anymore.
I don’t want to use aging as an excuse to go soft in the middle.
I don’t want to wait that long.
I don’t want to work.
I don’t want to write satire. However, satire is often the result.
I don’t want to write with this pen.
I don’t want you eating between meals.
I don’t want you to go out of your way or anything.
I don’t want you to ring me up all the time.
I don’t want you to support me.
I don’t want your pity.
I don’t watch TV.
I don’t watch a lot of movies, but I can’t resist a good documentary.
I don’t watch television in the afternoon.
I don’t wear chapstick.
I don’t wear glasses anymore.
I don’t wholly agree with you.
I don’t wish to reveal my intimate feelings to him.
I don’t work now and I lead a less hectic life.
I don’t work on Mondays.
I don’t work on Sunday.
I don’t work that much!
I don’t worry so much about my resume.
I don’t, either.
I double dare you.
I double-crossed Tom.
I doubled over with laughter.
I doubled up with a stranger that night.
I doubt I can do everything by myself.
I doubt I can do it.
I doubt I can do that, but I'll try.
I doubt I can get Tom to do it.
I doubt I can get Tom to do that for you.
I doubt I can get Tom to do that.
I doubt I can get Tom to swim.
I doubt I can get her to do it.
I doubt I can get him to do it.
I doubt I can get them to do it.
I doubt I can go with you tomorrow.
I doubt I can prove that Tom did that.
I doubt I can prove that Tom didn't do that.
I doubt I could do that.
I doubt I could help you with that.
I doubt I could swim across this river.
I doubt I have a single drop of noble blood running through my veins.
I doubt I know her.
I doubt I will finish it by the end of this week.
I doubt I'd be fired even if I did that.
I doubt I'd be fired if I did that.
I doubt I'll be able to do that.
I doubt I'll be able to sleep tonight with all those coffees that I drank.
I doubt I'll be successful this time.
I doubt I'll ever be able to do that as well as you.
I doubt I'll ever be able to do that.
I doubt I'll ever be able to forgive him.
I doubt I'll feel like doing that tomorrow.
I doubt I'll finish this by the end of the week.
I doubt I'll finish this today.
I doubt I'll get a chance to do that.
I doubt Mary would be that stupid.
I doubt Tom and Mary are really doctors.
I doubt Tom and Mary are really that gullible.
I doubt Tom and Mary are still married.
I doubt Tom and Mary are still sleeping.
I doubt Tom and Mary are still there.
I doubt Tom and Mary know how to fish.
I doubt Tom and Mary really have to do that.
I doubt Tom and Mary really need to do that.
I doubt Tom and Mary will ever get married.
I doubt Tom can actually do that.
I doubt Tom can comprehend what we're talking about.
I doubt Tom can deal with that.
I doubt Tom can do it.
I doubt Tom can do that unless somebody helps him.
I doubt Tom can do that unless someone helps him.
I doubt Tom can do that without some help.
I doubt Tom can do that.
I doubt Tom can help you.
I doubt Tom can play the violin as well as Mary can.
I doubt Tom can swim.
I doubt Tom can take care of himself.
I doubt Tom can wait much longer.
I doubt Tom can win.
I doubt Tom could do that by himself.
I doubt Tom could do that even if he tried.
I doubt Tom could do that.
I doubt Tom could get home by himself.
I doubt Tom could have done that any better.
I doubt Tom could make a speech in public.
I doubt Tom could've done that any better.
I doubt Tom did it alone.
I doubt Tom did that intentionally.
I doubt Tom did that on purpose.
I doubt Tom even knows my name.
I doubt Tom ever loved you.
I doubt Tom ever said that.
I doubt Tom had any enemies.
I doubt Tom had to sell his car in order to raise money for medical expenses.
I doubt Tom has actually done that.
I doubt Tom has any enemies.
I doubt Tom has done that.
I doubt Tom has finished his homework.
I doubt Tom has the confidence to do that.
I doubt Tom has the courage to cross the picket line.
I doubt Tom has the courage to do that.
I doubt Tom has the courage to do what really needs to be done.
I doubt Tom has the courage to stand up for what he believes in.
I doubt Tom has to do that again.
I doubt Tom has to do that by himself.
I doubt Tom has to do that.
I doubt Tom intentionally did that.
I doubt Tom is a ghost, John.
I doubt Tom is any better at cooking than Mary.
I doubt Tom is any smarter than Mary.
I doubt Tom is busy.
I doubt Tom is doing that now.
I doubt Tom is even interested in trying to learn Russian.
I doubt Tom is guilty.
I doubt Tom is happy with his new job.
I doubt Tom is happy.
I doubt Tom is hungry.
I doubt Tom is innocent.
I doubt Tom is really a doctor.
I doubt Tom is really that gullible.
I doubt Tom is still active.
I doubt Tom is still afraid.
I doubt Tom is still alive.
I doubt Tom is still alone.
I doubt Tom is still angry.
I doubt Tom is still asleep.
I doubt Tom is still awake.
I doubt Tom is still busy.
I doubt Tom is still cold.
I doubt Tom is still committed.
I doubt Tom is still desperate to do that.
I doubt Tom is still doing that.
I doubt Tom is still downstairs.
I doubt Tom is still here.
I doubt Tom is still home.
I doubt Tom is still homeless.
I doubt Tom is still homesick.
I doubt Tom is still hungry.
I doubt Tom is still in Australia.
I doubt Tom is still in Boston.
I doubt Tom is still interested in doing that.
I doubt Tom is still mad.
I doubt Tom is still married.
I doubt Tom is still motivated.
I doubt Tom is still nervous.
I doubt Tom is still poor.
I doubt Tom is still scared.
I doubt Tom is still single.
I doubt Tom is still sleepy.
I doubt Tom is still sore.
I doubt Tom is still there.
I doubt Tom is still tired.
I doubt Tom is still unbeatable.
I doubt Tom is still unconscious.
I doubt Tom is still unemployed.
I doubt Tom is still unmarried.
I doubt Tom is still up.
I doubt Tom is still upset.
I doubt Tom is still worried.
I doubt Tom is very hungry.
I doubt Tom knew that Mary was already married.
I doubt Tom knows Mary's phone number.
I doubt Tom knows Mary.
I doubt Tom knows how to do that.
I doubt Tom knows how to fish.
I doubt Tom loves you.
I doubt Tom meant any harm by it.
I doubt Tom meant any harm.
I doubt Tom needs to do that again.
I doubt Tom needs to do that by himself.
I doubt Tom needs to do that.
I doubt Tom planned to spend so much time on that project.
I doubt Tom really did that all by himself.
I doubt Tom really did that by himself.
I doubt Tom really did that.
I doubt Tom really enjoyed doing that by himself.
I doubt Tom really enjoyed doing that.
I doubt Tom really enjoys doing that by himself.
I doubt Tom really enjoys doing that.
I doubt Tom really had to do that again.
I doubt Tom really had to do that this morning.
I doubt Tom really had to do that yesterday morning.
I doubt Tom really had to do that yesterday.
I doubt Tom really has the time to do that.
I doubt Tom really has time to do that today.
I doubt Tom really has to do that again.
I doubt Tom really has to do that right now.
I doubt Tom really has to do that this afternoon.
I doubt Tom really has to do that.
I doubt Tom really intended to do that.
I doubt Tom really knows how to do that very well.
I doubt Tom really knows how to do that.
I doubt Tom really likes doing that very much.
I doubt Tom really meant to do that this morning.
I doubt Tom really meant what he said.
I doubt Tom really needed to do that again.
I doubt Tom really needed to do that alone.
I doubt Tom really needed to do that by himself.
I doubt Tom really needed to do that yesterday morning.
I doubt Tom really needed to do that yesterday.
I doubt Tom really needed to do that.
I doubt Tom really needs to do that again.
I doubt Tom really needs to do that by himself.
I doubt Tom really needs to do that today.
I doubt Tom really needs to do that.
I doubt Tom really planned on doing that.
I doubt Tom really planned to do that.
I doubt Tom really plans on doing that this week.
I doubt Tom really plans to do that this week.
I doubt Tom really plans to do that.
I doubt Tom really wanted to do that.
I doubt Tom really wants to do that again.
I doubt Tom really wants to do that by himself.
I doubt Tom really wants to do that here.
I doubt Tom really wants to do that today.
I doubt Tom really wants to do that.
I doubt Tom understands French.
I doubt Tom understands what I tried to tell him.
I doubt Tom understands what we're talking about.
I doubt Tom wanted to do that again.
I doubt Tom wanted to do that by himself.
I doubt Tom wanted to do that.
I doubt Tom wants to do that again.
I doubt Tom wants to do that by himself.
I doubt Tom wants to do that.
I doubt Tom was alone.
I doubt Tom was ever in any real danger.
I doubt Tom was the one who did that.
I doubt Tom was working alone.
I doubt Tom will admit he doesn't know how to do that.
I doubt Tom will admit he was wrong.
I doubt Tom will admit that he doesn't know how to do that.
I doubt Tom will admit that he was wrong.
I doubt Tom will agree to do that.
I doubt Tom will agree to that.
I doubt Tom will agree.
I doubt Tom will arrive on time.
I doubt Tom will be able to deal with that.
I doubt Tom will be able to do that without our help.
I doubt Tom will be able to do that.
I doubt Tom will be able to figure out how to do that.
I doubt Tom will be able to help us do that next week.
I doubt Tom will be able to seal the deal.
I doubt Tom will be absent.
I doubt Tom will be afraid.
I doubt Tom will be arrested for doing that.
I doubt Tom will be as careless the next time he does that.
I doubt Tom will be available.
I doubt Tom will be bossy.
I doubt Tom will be careless.
I doubt Tom will be concerned.
I doubt Tom will be confused.
I doubt Tom will be displeased.
I doubt Tom will be disrespectful.
I doubt Tom will be doing that anytime soon.
I doubt Tom will be early.
I doubt Tom will be fair.
I doubt Tom will be fined for doing that.
I doubt Tom will be fired for doing that.
I doubt Tom will be found guilty.
I doubt Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I doubt Tom will be here tomorrow.
I doubt Tom will be home on Monday.
I doubt Tom will be home on October 20th.
I doubt Tom will be home this evening.
I doubt Tom will be home.
I doubt Tom will be impartial.
I doubt Tom will be in.
I doubt Tom will be intoxicated.
I doubt Tom will be offended.
I doubt Tom will be optimistic.
I doubt Tom will be out.
I doubt Tom will be punished for doing that.
I doubt Tom will be punished for what he did.
I doubt Tom will be punished.
I doubt Tom will be pushy.
I doubt Tom will be ready to do that until next year.
I doubt Tom will be reasonable.
I doubt Tom will be sensible about that.
I doubt Tom will be supportive.
I doubt Tom will be surprised.
I doubt Tom will be the first.
I doubt Tom will be thirsty.
I doubt Tom will change his mind.
I doubt Tom will come to Australia this year.
I doubt Tom will come to Boston this year.
I doubt Tom will come to the party.
I doubt Tom will come.
I doubt Tom will consent to do that.
I doubt Tom will cry.
I doubt Tom will do it.
I doubt Tom will do that for Mary.
I doubt Tom will do that on October 20th.
I doubt Tom will do that tomorrow.
I doubt Tom will do that.
I doubt Tom will enjoy doing that as much as he thinks he will.
I doubt Tom will ever agree to do that.
I doubt Tom will ever come back home.
I doubt Tom will ever do that again.
I doubt Tom will ever do that.
I doubt Tom will ever forget that.
I doubt Tom will ever forgive Mary for doing that.
I doubt Tom will ever forgive me for doing that.
I doubt Tom will ever forgive me.
I doubt Tom will ever get married.
I doubt Tom will ever learn how to speak French properly.
I doubt Tom will ever leave Mary.
I doubt Tom will forget that.
I doubt Tom will get here on time.
I doubt Tom will go to Australia.
I doubt Tom will go to Boston.
I doubt Tom will have any problem doing that.
I doubt Tom will hear us.
I doubt Tom will keep his promise.
I doubt Tom will leave anytime soon.
I doubt Tom will lie to you.
I doubt Tom will like it.
I doubt Tom will like that.
I doubt Tom will remember.
I doubt Tom will run for president.
I doubt Tom will sing.
I doubt Tom will stick around.
I doubt Tom will tell Mary what really happened.
I doubt Tom will tell us the truth.
I doubt Tom will try to do that.
I doubt Tom will visit Australia.
I doubt Tom will visit Boston.
I doubt Tom will wait for you.
I doubt Tom will wait much longer.
I doubt Tom will wait until 2:30.
I doubt Tom will want to do that on October 20th.
I doubt Tom will want to go to Australia with you.
I doubt Tom will want to go to Boston with you.
I doubt Tom will win both races.
I doubt Tom will win.
I doubt Tom would agree.
I doubt Tom would allow you to do that by yourself.
I doubt Tom would be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I doubt Tom would be able to do that even if he tried.
I doubt Tom would be able to do that without our help.
I doubt Tom would be able to figure out how to do that.
I doubt Tom would be able to talk Mary into doing that.
I doubt Tom would be afraid to do that if you did it with him.
I doubt Tom would be foolish enough to do that.
I doubt Tom would be interested in joining the army.
I doubt Tom would be stupid enough to do that alone.
I doubt Tom would be stupid enough to do that by himself.
I doubt Tom would be stupid enough to do that.
I doubt Tom would be that foolish.
I doubt Tom would be that stupid.
I doubt Tom would behave in the way you suggested he did.
I doubt Tom would cry.
I doubt Tom would do something like that.
I doubt Tom would do that for Mary.
I doubt Tom would do that kind of thing.
I doubt Tom would do that sort of thing.
I doubt Tom would do that.
I doubt Tom would ever be allowed to do that.
I doubt Tom would ever consider asking Mary to marry him.
I doubt Tom would ever consider driving such a small car.
I doubt Tom would ever consider going to Australia.
I doubt Tom would ever consider going to Iraq.
I doubt Tom would ever consider leaving his wife.
I doubt Tom would ever consider selling his antique car.
I doubt Tom would ever do that kind of thing.
I doubt Tom would ever go out with Mary.
I doubt Tom would have cared if he'd known the truth.
I doubt Tom would help, but you should still ask him.
I doubt Tom would lie to you.
I doubt Tom would like to be the last one to do that.
I doubt Tom would mind showing you how to do that.
I doubt Tom would remember me.
I doubt Tom would try to do that without our help.
I doubt Tom would want one of those.
I doubt Tom would've done that for me.
I doubt Tom would've done that if Mary hadn't been there.
I doubt Tom would've had the courage to do that.
I doubt Tom would've tried doing that by himself.
I doubt Tom would've tried to do that by himself.
I doubt Tom's abilities even though I'll admit he's honest.
I doubt Tom's abilities even though I'll admit that he's honest.
I doubt Tom's story is true.
I doubt a cat can be happy.
I doubt a native speaker would say it like that.
I doubt a native speaker would say it that way.
I doubt anyone said that.
I doubt everything, even my own doubts.
I doubt he is qualified enough to manage such a team!
I doubt he knows what he's talking about.
I doubt he'll agree.
I doubt he'll attend my birthday party.
I doubt he's going out today.
I doubt her words.
I doubt his abilities even though I'll admit he is honest.
I doubt his ability to do the job.
I doubt his story.
I doubt his words.
I doubt if Bob will come on time.
I doubt if Bob will come to my birthday party.
I doubt if I could keep Tom from doing that.
I doubt if I could stop Tom from doing that.
I doubt if I could've done any better.
I doubt if I'll get a chance to do that.
I doubt if I'll go to work tomorrow.
I doubt if Mary will be very hungry when she gets home.
I doubt if Mary would do that if she were in your shoes.
I doubt if Tom and Mary have done that yet.
I doubt if Tom and Mary have the ability to do that.
I doubt if Tom and Mary speak French.
I doubt if Tom and Mary will be very hungry when they get home.
I doubt if Tom could find Boston on a map.
I doubt if Tom even noticed.
I doubt if Tom has done that yet.
I doubt if Tom has the ability to do that.
I doubt if Tom is going to get away with it.
I doubt if Tom is happy.
I doubt if Tom is single.
I doubt if Tom really intended to do that.
I doubt if Tom speaks French.
I doubt if Tom will agree to do that.
I doubt if Tom will agree with you.
I doubt if Tom will be absent.
I doubt if Tom will be afraid.
I doubt if Tom will be alone.
I doubt if Tom will be amused by what's going on.
I doubt if Tom will be angry.
I doubt if Tom will be arrested.
I doubt if Tom will be at the beach today.
I doubt if Tom will be back soon.
I doubt if Tom will be bored.
I doubt if Tom will be cooperative.
I doubt if Tom will be curious.
I doubt if Tom will be depressed.
I doubt if Tom will be desperate to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be desperate.
I doubt if Tom will be difficult to get along with.
I doubt if Tom will be discouraged.
I doubt if Tom will be disobedient.
I doubt if Tom will be drunk.
I doubt if Tom will be early.
I doubt if Tom will be embarrassed.
I doubt if Tom will be excited.
I doubt if Tom will be excused from doing that.
I doubt if Tom will be faster at doing that than Mary.
I doubt if Tom will be finished doing that by 2:30.
I doubt if Tom will be first.
I doubt if Tom will be forgiven for doing that.
I doubt if Tom will be forgiven.
I doubt if Tom will be frightened.
I doubt if Tom will be here.
I doubt if Tom will be hesitant to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be impressed.
I doubt if Tom will be in Australia next Monday.
I doubt if Tom will be in Australia this summer.
I doubt if Tom will be in Boston next Monday.
I doubt if Tom will be in Boston this summer.
I doubt if Tom will be interested in doing that.
I doubt if Tom will be interested.
I doubt if Tom will be irritated.
I doubt if Tom will be jealous.
I doubt if Tom will be last.
I doubt if Tom will be lonely.
I doubt if Tom will be mad.
I doubt if Tom will be motivated to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be nervous.
I doubt if Tom will be obedient.
I doubt if Tom will be objective.
I doubt if Tom will be pleased.
I doubt if Tom will be prepared.
I doubt if Tom will be present at the meeting tomorrow.
I doubt if Tom will be present.
I doubt if Tom will be punctual.
I doubt if Tom will be puzzled.
I doubt if Tom will be quicker at doing that than Mary.
I doubt if Tom will be ready when we get there.
I doubt if Tom will be ready.
I doubt if Tom will be reluctant to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be scared.
I doubt if Tom will be shy.
I doubt if Tom will be skeptical.
I doubt if Tom will be sleepy.
I doubt if Tom will be surprised.
I doubt if Tom will be suspended.
I doubt if Tom will be suspicious.
I doubt if Tom will be sympathetic.
I doubt if Tom will be tempted to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be the first one to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be the last one to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be the next one to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be through doing that yet.
I doubt if Tom will be through doing that.
I doubt if Tom will be tired.
I doubt if Tom will be troubled by what happened.
I doubt if Tom will be truthful.
I doubt if Tom will be unfair.
I doubt if Tom will be up this late at night.
I doubt if Tom will be upset.
I doubt if Tom will be very hungry when he gets home.
I doubt if Tom will believe us.
I doubt if Tom will come on time.
I doubt if Tom will come to my birthday party.
I doubt if Tom will come to school today.
I doubt if Tom will cry.
I doubt if Tom will do that again.
I doubt if Tom will do that anymore.
I doubt if Tom will do that.
I doubt if Tom will ever do that.
I doubt if Tom will kiss Mary.
I doubt if Tom will still be awake when we get there.
I doubt if Tom will wait for us.
I doubt if Tom would agree to do that.
I doubt if Tom would be willing to do that.
I doubt if Tom would be willing to stop doing that.
I doubt if Tom would do that if he were in your shoes.
I doubt if Tom would do that.
I doubt if Tom would have done that.
I doubt if Tom would let me do that.
I doubt if Tom would let me drive.
I doubt if Tom would let me sing with his band.
I doubt if Tom would see it that way.
I doubt if Tom would wait for us.
I doubt if Tom would want to go with us.
I doubt if Tom would've done that.
I doubt if a single individual could be found from the whole of mankind free from some form of insanity. The only difference is one of degree.
I doubt if anybody has told Tom what to do.
I doubt if anybody has told Tom yet.
I doubt if anyone even remembers his name now, except for me.
I doubt if anyone has told Tom what to do.
I doubt if anyone has told Tom yet.
I doubt if doing that will be difficult.
I doubt if doing that will be easy.
I doubt if doing that will be fun.
I doubt if doing that will be hard.
I doubt if doing that will be interesting.
I doubt if he is a lawyer.
I doubt if he is honest.
I doubt if he will come on time.
I doubt if he will come.
I doubt if he will succeed.
I doubt if he'll come to school today.
I doubt if he’ll come to school today.
I doubt if it really matters.
I doubt if it will.
I doubt if it would be OK to do that.
I doubt if it would be dangerous to do that.
I doubt if it would be fun to do that.
I doubt if it would be safe to do that.
I doubt if it'll rain today.
I doubt if it'll rain.
I doubt if it'll snow today.
I doubt if it'll snow.
I doubt if sanctions will work.
I doubt if something like that would make Tom angry.
I doubt if something like that would make Tom mad.
I doubt if something like that would upset Tom.
I doubt if that really matters.
I doubt if that would happen.
I doubt if that'll happen.
I doubt if that's true.
I doubt if this shop will ever pay its way.
I doubt if we can help Tom do that.
I doubt if we could have ridden near enough to the ostriches to bola them, so our plan was to make detours on the pampas until we had outflanked, encircled, and altogether puzzled our quarry.
I doubt if what Tom said is true.
I doubt if you'll know anyone at the party tonight.
I doubt if you'll know anyone there.
I doubt if you'll need to do that.
I doubt it came out yesterday.
I doubt it can be done.
I doubt it can get any worse.
I doubt it has to do with that.
I doubt it was Tom who did this.
I doubt it was released yesterday.
I doubt it'll be very hard for you to get your driver's license.
I doubt it'll please Tom.
I doubt it'll snow today.
I doubt it'll snow tomorrow.
I doubt it's Tom's fault.
I doubt it's possible.
I doubt it, too.
I doubt it.
I doubt many people actually like Tom.
I doubt many people know how to do that.
I doubt many people will be there.
I doubt my ability to handle this situation.
I doubt our new boss will be any worse than the old one.
I doubt seriously I'll ever study French again after I graduate.
I doubt seriously if I'll ever study French again after I graduate.
I doubt seriously it was Tom who broke the window.
I doubt seriously it was Tom who did this.
I doubt seriously that I'll ever study French again after I graduate.
I doubt seriously that it was Tom who broke the window.
I doubt seriously that it was Tom who did this.
I doubt she knows what she's talking about.
I doubt she loves me.
I doubt she loves you.
I doubt she will remember.
I doubt she'll come.
I doubt something like that would make Tom angry.
I doubt something like that would make Tom mad.
I doubt something like that would upset Tom.
I doubt that I can do everything by myself.
I doubt that I can do it.
I doubt that I can do that, but I'll try.
I doubt that I can get Tom to do it.
I doubt that I can get Tom to do that for you.
I doubt that I can get Tom to do that.
I doubt that I can get Tom to swim.
I doubt that I can go with you tomorrow.
I doubt that I can prove that Tom did that.
I doubt that I can prove that Tom didn't do that.
I doubt that I could do that.
I doubt that I could help you with that.
I doubt that I could swim across this river.
I doubt that I could've done any better.
I doubt that I'd be fired even if I did that.
I doubt that I'd be fired if I did that.
I doubt that I'll be able to do that.
I doubt that I'll be successful this time.
I doubt that I'll ever be able to do that as well as you.
I doubt that I'll ever be able to do that.
I doubt that I'll feel like doing that tomorrow.
I doubt that I'll finish this by the end of the week.
I doubt that I'll finish this today.
I doubt that I'll get a chance to do that.
I doubt that I'll have this job much longer.
I doubt that I'm a good writer.
I doubt that I’m a good writer.
I doubt that Mary can take care of herself.
I doubt that Mary could do that by herself.
I doubt that Mary could get home by herself.
I doubt that Mary will admit that she doesn't know how to do that.
I doubt that Mary will be punished for what she did.
I doubt that Mary would help, but you should still ask her.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are busy.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are doing that now.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are guilty.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are happy.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are hungry.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are innocent.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still afraid.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still alive.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still angry.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still asleep.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still awake.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still busy.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still cold.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still desperate to do that.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still doing that.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still downstairs.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still here.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still home.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still homeless.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still homesick.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still hungry.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still in Boston.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still interested in doing that.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still mad.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still married.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still nervous.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still poor.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still scared.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still sleeping.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still sleepy.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still tired.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still unconscious.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still unemployed.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still up.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still upset.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still worried.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are very hungry.
I doubt that Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I doubt that Tom and Mary could do that by themselves.
I doubt that Tom and Mary could get home by themselves.
I doubt that Tom and Mary have actually done that.
I doubt that Tom and Mary have any enemies.
I doubt that Tom and Mary have the confidence to do that.
I doubt that Tom and Mary have the courage to do what really needs to be done.
I doubt that Tom and Mary planned to spend so much time on that project.
I doubt that Tom and Mary understand French.
I doubt that Tom and Mary understand what we're talking about.
I doubt that Tom and Mary were ever in any real danger.
I doubt that Tom and Mary will admit that they don't know how to do that.
I doubt that Tom and Mary will be punished for what they did.
I doubt that Tom and Mary will ever get married.
I doubt that Tom and Mary would help, but you should still ask them.
I doubt that Tom can actually do that.
I doubt that Tom can comprehend what we're talking about.
I doubt that Tom can deal with that.
I doubt that Tom can do that unless somebody helps him.
I doubt that Tom can do that unless someone helps him.
I doubt that Tom can do that without some help.
I doubt that Tom can do that.
I doubt that Tom can help you.
I doubt that Tom can play the violin as well as Mary can.
I doubt that Tom can swim.
I doubt that Tom can take care of himself.
I doubt that Tom can wait much longer.
I doubt that Tom can win.
I doubt that Tom could do that by himself.
I doubt that Tom could do that even if he tried.
I doubt that Tom could do that.
I doubt that Tom could get home by himself.
I doubt that Tom could make a speech in public.
I doubt that Tom could've done that any better.
I doubt that Tom did that intentionally.
I doubt that Tom did that on purpose.
I doubt that Tom ever said that.
I doubt that Tom had any enemies.
I doubt that Tom had to sell his car in order to raise money for medical expenses.
I doubt that Tom has actually done that.
I doubt that Tom has any enemies.
I doubt that Tom has done that.
I doubt that Tom has ever read a book from cover to cover in his life.
I doubt that Tom has finished his homework.
I doubt that Tom has the confidence to do that.
I doubt that Tom has the courage to cross the picket line.
I doubt that Tom has the courage to do that.
I doubt that Tom has the courage to do what really needs to be done.
I doubt that Tom has the courage to stand up for what he believes in.
I doubt that Tom has to do that again.
I doubt that Tom has to do that by himself.
I doubt that Tom has to do that.
I doubt that Tom intentionally did that.
I doubt that Tom is any better at cooking than Mary.
I doubt that Tom is any smarter than Mary.
I doubt that Tom is busy.
I doubt that Tom is doing that now.
I doubt that Tom is even interested in trying to learn Russian.
I doubt that Tom is guilty.
I doubt that Tom is happy with his new job.
I doubt that Tom is happy.
I doubt that Tom is hungry.
I doubt that Tom is innocent.
I doubt that Tom is really a doctor.
I doubt that Tom is really that gullible.
I doubt that Tom is still active.
I doubt that Tom is still afraid.
I doubt that Tom is still alive.
I doubt that Tom is still alone.
I doubt that Tom is still angry.
I doubt that Tom is still asleep.
I doubt that Tom is still awake.
I doubt that Tom is still busy.
I doubt that Tom is still cold.
I doubt that Tom is still committed.
I doubt that Tom is still desperate to do that.
I doubt that Tom is still doing that.
I doubt that Tom is still downstairs.
I doubt that Tom is still here.
I doubt that Tom is still home.
I doubt that Tom is still homeless.
I doubt that Tom is still homesick.
I doubt that Tom is still hungry.
I doubt that Tom is still in Australia.
I doubt that Tom is still in Boston.
I doubt that Tom is still interested in doing that.
I doubt that Tom is still mad.
I doubt that Tom is still married.
I doubt that Tom is still motivated.
I doubt that Tom is still nervous.
I doubt that Tom is still poor.
I doubt that Tom is still scared.
I doubt that Tom is still single.
I doubt that Tom is still sleepy.
I doubt that Tom is still sore.
I doubt that Tom is still there.
I doubt that Tom is still tired.
I doubt that Tom is still unbeatable.
I doubt that Tom is still unconscious.
I doubt that Tom is still unemployed.
I doubt that Tom is still unmarried.
I doubt that Tom is still up.
I doubt that Tom is still upset.
I doubt that Tom is still worried.
I doubt that Tom is the only one that knows Mary's phone number.
I doubt that Tom is the only one who knows Mary's phone number.
I doubt that Tom is to blame.
I doubt that Tom is very hungry.
I doubt that Tom knew that Mary was already married.
I doubt that Tom knows Mary's phone number.
I doubt that Tom knows Mary.
I doubt that Tom knows how to do that.
I doubt that Tom knows how to fish.
I doubt that Tom loves you.
I doubt that Tom meant any harm by it.
I doubt that Tom meant any harm.
I doubt that Tom needs to do that again.
I doubt that Tom needs to do that by himself.
I doubt that Tom needs to do that.
I doubt that Tom planned to spend so much time on that project.
I doubt that Tom really did that all by himself.
I doubt that Tom really did that by himself.
I doubt that Tom really did that.
I doubt that Tom really enjoyed doing that by himself.
I doubt that Tom really enjoyed doing that.
I doubt that Tom really enjoys doing that by himself.
I doubt that Tom really enjoys doing that.
I doubt that Tom really had to do that again.
I doubt that Tom really had to do that this morning.
I doubt that Tom really had to do that yesterday morning.
I doubt that Tom really had to do that yesterday.
I doubt that Tom really has the time to do that.
I doubt that Tom really has time to do that today.
I doubt that Tom really has to do that again.
I doubt that Tom really has to do that right now.
I doubt that Tom really has to do that this afternoon.
I doubt that Tom really has to do that.
I doubt that Tom really intended to do that.
I doubt that Tom really knows how to do that very well.
I doubt that Tom really knows how to do that.
I doubt that Tom really likes doing that very much.
I doubt that Tom really meant to do that this morning.
I doubt that Tom really meant what he said.
I doubt that Tom really needed to do that again.
I doubt that Tom really needed to do that alone.
I doubt that Tom really needed to do that by himself.
I doubt that Tom really needed to do that yesterday morning.
I doubt that Tom really needed to do that yesterday.
I doubt that Tom really needed to do that.
I doubt that Tom really needs to do that again.
I doubt that Tom really needs to do that by himself.
I doubt that Tom really needs to do that today.
I doubt that Tom really needs to do that.
I doubt that Tom really planned on doing that.
I doubt that Tom really planned to do that.
I doubt that Tom really plans on doing that this week.
I doubt that Tom really plans to do that this week.
I doubt that Tom really plans to do that.
I doubt that Tom really wanted to do that.
I doubt that Tom really wants to do that again.
I doubt that Tom really wants to do that by himself.
I doubt that Tom really wants to do that here.
I doubt that Tom really wants to do that today.
I doubt that Tom really wants to do that.
I doubt that Tom understands French.
I doubt that Tom understands what I tried to tell him.
I doubt that Tom understands what we're talking about.
I doubt that Tom wanted to do that again.
I doubt that Tom wanted to do that by himself.
I doubt that Tom wanted to do that.
I doubt that Tom wants to do that again.
I doubt that Tom wants to do that by himself.
I doubt that Tom wants to do that.
I doubt that Tom was ever in any real danger.
I doubt that Tom was the one who did that.
I doubt that Tom will admit he doesn't know how to do that.
I doubt that Tom will admit he was wrong.
I doubt that Tom will admit that he doesn't know how to do that.
I doubt that Tom will admit that he was wrong.
I doubt that Tom will agree to do that.
I doubt that Tom will agree to that.
I doubt that Tom will arrive on time.
I doubt that Tom will be able to deal with that.
I doubt that Tom will be able to do that without our help.
I doubt that Tom will be able to do that.
I doubt that Tom will be able to figure out how to do that.
I doubt that Tom will be able to help us do that next week.
I doubt that Tom will be able to seal the deal.
I doubt that Tom will be absent.
I doubt that Tom will be afraid.
I doubt that Tom will be arrested for doing that.
I doubt that Tom will be as careless the next time he does that.
I doubt that Tom will be available.
I doubt that Tom will be bossy.
I doubt that Tom will be careless.
I doubt that Tom will be concerned.
I doubt that Tom will be confused.
I doubt that Tom will be displeased.
I doubt that Tom will be disrespectful.
I doubt that Tom will be doing that anytime soon.
I doubt that Tom will be early.
I doubt that Tom will be fair.
I doubt that Tom will be fined for doing that.
I doubt that Tom will be fired for doing that.
I doubt that Tom will be found guilty.
I doubt that Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I doubt that Tom will be here tomorrow.
I doubt that Tom will be home on Monday.
I doubt that Tom will be home on October 20th.
I doubt that Tom will be home this evening.
I doubt that Tom will be home.
I doubt that Tom will be impartial.
I doubt that Tom will be in.
I doubt that Tom will be intoxicated.
I doubt that Tom will be offended.
I doubt that Tom will be optimistic.
I doubt that Tom will be out.
I doubt that Tom will be punished for doing that.
I doubt that Tom will be punished for what he did.
I doubt that Tom will be punished.
I doubt that Tom will be pushy.
I doubt that Tom will be ready to do that until next year.
I doubt that Tom will be reasonable.
I doubt that Tom will be sensible about that.
I doubt that Tom will be supportive.
I doubt that Tom will be surprised.
I doubt that Tom will be the first.
I doubt that Tom will be the only one who won't do that.
I doubt that Tom will be thirsty.
I doubt that Tom will come to Australia this year.
I doubt that Tom will come to Boston this year.
I doubt that Tom will come to the party.
I doubt that Tom will come.
I doubt that Tom will consent to do that.
I doubt that Tom will cry.
I doubt that Tom will do that for Mary.
I doubt that Tom will do that on October 20th.
I doubt that Tom will do that tomorrow.
I doubt that Tom will do that.
I doubt that Tom will enjoy doing that as much as he thinks he will.
I doubt that Tom will ever agree to do that.
I doubt that Tom will ever come back home.
I doubt that Tom will ever do that again.
I doubt that Tom will ever do that.
I doubt that Tom will ever forget that.
I doubt that Tom will ever forgive Mary for doing that.
I doubt that Tom will ever forgive me for doing that.
I doubt that Tom will ever forgive me.
I doubt that Tom will ever get married.
I doubt that Tom will ever learn how to speak French properly.
I doubt that Tom will ever leave Mary.
I doubt that Tom will forget that.
I doubt that Tom will get here on time.
I doubt that Tom will go to Australia.
I doubt that Tom will go to Boston.
I doubt that Tom will have any problem doing that.
I doubt that Tom will keep his promise.
I doubt that Tom will leave anytime soon.
I doubt that Tom will lie to you.
I doubt that Tom will like it.
I doubt that Tom will like that.
I doubt that Tom will remember.
I doubt that Tom will run for president.
I doubt that Tom will sing.
I doubt that Tom will stick around.
I doubt that Tom will tell Mary what really happened.
I doubt that Tom will tell us the truth.
I doubt that Tom will try to do that.
I doubt that Tom will visit Australia.
I doubt that Tom will visit Boston.
I doubt that Tom will wait for you.
I doubt that Tom will wait much longer.
I doubt that Tom will wait until 2:30.
I doubt that Tom will want to do that on October 20th.
I doubt that Tom will want to go to Australia with you.
I doubt that Tom will want to go to Boston with you.
I doubt that Tom will win both races.
I doubt that Tom will win.
I doubt that Tom would agree.
I doubt that Tom would allow you to do that by yourself.
I doubt that Tom would be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I doubt that Tom would be able to do that even if he tried.
I doubt that Tom would be able to do that without our help.
I doubt that Tom would be able to figure out how to do that.
I doubt that Tom would be able to talk Mary into doing that.
I doubt that Tom would be afraid to do that if you did it with him.
I doubt that Tom would be afraid to do that.
I doubt that Tom would be foolish enough to do that.
I doubt that Tom would be interested in joining the army.
I doubt that Tom would be stupid enough to do that alone.
I doubt that Tom would be stupid enough to do that by himself.
I doubt that Tom would be stupid enough to do that.
I doubt that Tom would be that foolish.
I doubt that Tom would be that stupid.
I doubt that Tom would behave in the way you suggested he did.
I doubt that Tom would cry.
I doubt that Tom would do something like that.
I doubt that Tom would do that for Mary.
I doubt that Tom would do that kind of thing.
I doubt that Tom would do that sort of thing.
I doubt that Tom would do that.
I doubt that Tom would ever be allowed to do that.
I doubt that Tom would ever consider asking Mary to marry him.
I doubt that Tom would ever consider driving such a small car.
I doubt that Tom would ever consider going to Australia.
I doubt that Tom would ever consider going to Iraq.
I doubt that Tom would ever consider leaving his wife.
I doubt that Tom would ever consider selling his antique car.
I doubt that Tom would ever do that kind of thing.
I doubt that Tom would ever go out with Mary.
I doubt that Tom would have done that for me.
I doubt that Tom would help, but you should still ask him.
I doubt that Tom would lie to you.
I doubt that Tom would like to be the last one to do that.
I doubt that Tom would mind showing you how to do that.
I doubt that Tom would remember me.
I doubt that Tom would try to do that without our help.
I doubt that Tom would want one of those.
I doubt that Tom would've done that for me.
I doubt that Tom would've done that if Mary hadn't been there.
I doubt that Tom would've done that that way.
I doubt that Tom would've had the courage to do that.
I doubt that Tom would've tried doing that by himself.
I doubt that Tom would've tried to do that by himself.
I doubt that Tom's story is true.
I doubt that a native speaker would say it like that.
I doubt that a native speaker would say it that way.
I doubt that anyone said that.
I doubt that anything will change.
I doubt that branch can support your weight.
I doubt that he can make a speech in public.
I doubt that he'll keep his word.
I doubt that he'll succeed.
I doubt that he's a lawyer.
I doubt that his words are the truth.
I doubt that it can get any worse.
I doubt that it will please Tom.
I doubt that it works.
I doubt that it'll please Tom.
I doubt that it'll snow today.
I doubt that it'll snow tomorrow.
I doubt that it's Tom's fault.
I doubt that it's over.
I doubt that it's possible.
I doubt that many people actually like Tom.
I doubt that many people know how to do that.
I doubt that many people will be there.
I doubt that our new boss will be any worse than the old one.
I doubt that sanctions will work.
I doubt that she loves you.
I doubt that someone is going to look at every one of those.
I doubt that something like that would make Tom angry.
I doubt that something like that would make Tom mad.
I doubt that something like that would upset Tom.
I doubt that that branch can support your weight.
I doubt that that would be much fun.
I doubt that that'll ever change.
I doubt that that'll happen again.
I doubt that that'll happen.
I doubt that that'll work.
I doubt that that's just a coincidence.
I doubt that that's what really happened.
I doubt that the delay will be as long as you think it'll be.
I doubt that the new proposal will be accepted.
I doubt that the police are going to arrest Tom.
I doubt that the police are going to bust Tom.
I doubt that the police are going to catch Tom.
I doubt that the police are going to find Tom.
I doubt that the veracity of his statement.
I doubt that there will be anybody there.
I doubt that there will be anyone there.
I doubt that there's a market for that.
I doubt that there's anyone following me.
I doubt that these charges are reasonable.
I doubt that they'll fire me for doing that.
I doubt that things can get any worse.
I doubt that things will change.
I doubt that this is anything you'd be interested in.
I doubt that this is true.
I doubt that this utopian future will come to pass.
I doubt that this will work.
I doubt that those waders will last.
I doubt that we can catch up to Tom.
I doubt that we can prove it.
I doubt that we can prove that.
I doubt that we were ever in any real danger.
I doubt that we'll be able to do that today.
I doubt that we'll be able to go swimming today.
I doubt that we'll be able to prove it.
I doubt that we'll be able to prove that.
I doubt that we'll be allowed to do that here.
I doubt that we'll ever be invited back.
I doubt that will happen today.
I doubt that would be much fun.
I doubt that you are 40 percent fluent in French.
I doubt that you are as busy as you say you are.
I doubt that you can do that.
I doubt that you'd do that.
I doubt that you'd remember Tom.
I doubt that you'll be able to do that.
I doubt that you'll be happy with my report.
I doubt that you're as busy as you say you are.
I doubt that your girlfriend is happy.
I doubt that'll ever change.
I doubt that'll ever happen.
I doubt that'll happen again.
I doubt that'll happen today.
I doubt that'll happen.
I doubt that'll work.
I doubt that's just a coincidence.
I doubt that's what it is.
I doubt that's what really happened.
I doubt that.
I doubt the accuracy of the report.
I doubt the authenticity of the document.
I doubt the concept of "true love".
I doubt the new proposal will be accepted.
I doubt the police are going to arrest Tom.
I doubt the police are going to bust Tom.
I doubt the police are going to catch Tom.
I doubt the police are going to find Tom.
I doubt the truth of his report.
I doubt the truth of his statement.
I doubt the truth of his story.
I doubt the truth of the report.
I doubt the veracity of his statement.
I doubt the veracity of his story.
I doubt there will be any problems.
I doubt there will be anybody there.
I doubt there will be anyone there.
I doubt there's a market for that.
I doubt there's anyone following me.
I doubt these generalizations.
I doubt things can get any worse.
I doubt things will change.
I doubt this is anything you'd be interested in.
I doubt this will work.
I doubt those things.
I doubt very much I'll be there.
I doubt very much Tom will be interested.
I doubt very much Tom will do that.
I doubt very much that I'll be there.
I doubt very much that Tom will be interested.
I doubt very much that Tom will cry.
I doubt very much that Tom will do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom did that on purpose.
I doubt very seriously Tom said that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be absent today.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be afraid.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be alone.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be amused by what's going on.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be angry.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be annoyed by that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be arrested.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be available.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be awake at this time of night.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be awake.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be back anytime soon.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be bored.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be bossy.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be cold.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be confused.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be cooperative.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be curious.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be desperate to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be difficult to get along with.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be discouraged.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be disobedient.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be displeased.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be doing that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be early.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be embarrassed by that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be excited about that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be excused from doing that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be fair.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be faster at doing that than Mary.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be finished doing that by 2:30.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be first.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be forgiven for doing that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be forgiven.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be found guilty.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be frightened by that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be handcuffed.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be here tomorrow afternoon.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be here.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be hesitant to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be home on Monday.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be home on October 20th.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be home.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be impartial.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be impressed.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be in Australia next Monday.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be in Boston next Monday.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be in.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be interested in doing that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be interested.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be intoxicated.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be irritated.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be jealous.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be lonely.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be mad.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be motivated to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be nervous.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be obedient.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be objective.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be offended.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be optimistic.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be prepared.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be present at today's meeting.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be present.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be punctual.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be punished.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be quicker at doing that than Mary.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be ready.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be reasonable.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be reluctant to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be self-conscious.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be supportive.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be surprised.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be suspended.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be suspicious.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be sympathetic.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be tempted to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be the first one to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be the last one to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be the next one to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be through doing that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be troubled by what happened.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be truthful.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be unfair.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be up at this time of night.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be upset.
I doubt very seriously Tom will do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will do what you want him to do.
I doubt very seriously Tom will have to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will need to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will quit doing that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will stop doing that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will think it's a good idea to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will want to do that on October 20th.
I doubt very seriously Tom will want to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will win the race.
I doubt very seriously Tom would ever do that.
I doubt very seriously if Tom knows Mary's phone number.
I doubt very seriously that Mary will do what you want her to do.
I doubt very seriously that Tom and Mary will do what you want them to do.
I doubt very seriously that Tom did that on purpose.
I doubt very seriously that Tom said that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be absent today.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be afraid.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be alone.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be amused by what's going on.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be angry.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be annoyed by that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be arrested.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be available.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be awake at this time of night.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be awake.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be back anytime soon.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be bored.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be bossy.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be cold.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be confused.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be cooperative.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be curious.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be desperate to do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be difficult to get along with.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be discouraged.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be disobedient.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be displeased.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be doing that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be early.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be embarrassed by that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be excited about that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be excused from doing that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be fair.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be faster at doing that than Mary.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be finished doing that by 2:30.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be first.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be forgiven for doing that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be forgiven.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be found guilty.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be frightened by that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be handcuffed.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be here tomorrow afternoon.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be here.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be hesitant to do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be home on Monday.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be home on October 20th.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be home.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be impartial.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be impressed.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be in Australia next Monday.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be in Boston next Monday.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be in.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be interested in doing that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be interested.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be intoxicated.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be irritated.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be jealous.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be lonely.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be mad.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be motivated to do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be nervous.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be obedient.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be objective.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be offended.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be optimistic.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be prepared.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be present at today's meeting.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be present.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be punctual.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be punished.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be quicker at doing that than Mary.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be ready.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be reasonable.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be reluctant to do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be self-conscious.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be supportive.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be surprised.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be suspended.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be suspicious.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be sympathetic.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be tempted to do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be the first one to do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be the last one to do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be the next one to do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be through doing that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be troubled by what happened.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be truthful.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be unfair.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be up at this time of night.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be upset.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will do what you want him to do.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will have to do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will need to do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will quit doing that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will stop doing that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will think it's a good idea to do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will want to do that on October 20th.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will want to do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will win the race.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will win.
I doubt very seriously that Tom would ever do that.
I doubt very seriously that that will annoy Tom.
I doubt very seriously that that will embarrass Tom.
I doubt very seriously that that will frighten Tom.
I doubt very seriously that that will scare Tom.
I doubt very seriously that that'll embarrass Tom.
I doubt very seriously that that'll impress Tom.
I doubt very seriously that we could sell our old refrigerator.
I doubt very seriously that will annoy Tom.
I doubt very seriously that will embarrass Tom.
I doubt very seriously that will frighten Tom.
I doubt very seriously that will scare Tom.
I doubt very seriously that'll embarrass Tom.
I doubt very seriously that'll impress Tom.
I doubt we can catch up to Tom.
I doubt we can prove it.
I doubt we can prove that.
I doubt we were ever in any real danger.
I doubt we'll be able to do that today.
I doubt we'll be able to go swimming today.
I doubt we'll be able to prove it.
I doubt we'll be able to prove that.
I doubt we'll be allowed to do that here.
I doubt we'll ever be invited back.
I doubt we're going the right way.
I doubt what he said.
I doubt whether I can do it.
I doubt whether I could've done any better.
I doubt whether Tom will come in time.
I doubt whether Tom will come.
I doubt whether a native speaker would express himself this way.
I doubt whether a native speaker would say it like that.
I doubt whether he is honest.
I doubt whether he will win both races.
I doubt whether it is true or not.
I doubt whether this will improve.
I doubt which sentence is grammatically correct.
I doubt you are as busy as you say you are.
I doubt you can do that.
I doubt you know what you're talking about.
I doubt you really like me.
I doubt you will be happy with my report.
I doubt you'd be able to help.
I doubt you'd do that.
I doubt you'd remember Tom.
I doubt you'll be able to do that.
I doubt you'll be happy with my report.
I doubt you'll like it.
I doubt you're as busy as you say you are.
I doubt your ability to handle my emotions.
I doubt your good sense.
I doubt, because I think that the future will know better.
I doubt.
I doubted Tom needed to do that by himself.
I doubted Tom would be able to talk Mary into doing that.
I doubted Tom would do that.
I doubted his story.
I doubted my eyes.
I doubted that Tom needed to do that by himself.
I doubted that Tom would be able to talk Mary into doing that.
I doubted that Tom would do that.
I doused him with icy water.
I dove into the lake.
I dove into the pool.
I dove into the river.
I dove into the sea without warning.
I dove into the water.
I dove off the pier.
I dove.
I downloaded Autologon to my computer so as not to have to enter a password.
I downloaded Autologon to my computer so that I didn't have to enter a password.
I downloaded WhatsApp.
I downloaded an electronic multilingual dictionary.
I downloaded it.
I downloaded one.
I downloaded the best English-to-Berber dictionary I could find.
I downloaded the data to my computer.
I downloaded the file that Tom uploaded.
I downloaded the file to my computer.
I downloaded the file which Tom uploaded.
I downloaded the movie.
I downloaded them.
I downloaded this book from the Internet.
I dozed off a little.
I dozed off and dreamed that I was dead.
I dozed off for a while, but along toward sun-up I remembered that Red Chief had said I was to be burned at the stake at the rising of the sun. I wasn’t nervous or afraid; but I sat up and lit my pipe and leaned against a rock.
I dozed off for a while.
I dozed off in French class.
I dozed off in class.
I dozed off in the train and slept right past my station.
I dozed off on the couch.
I dozed off.
I dozed on a park bench.
I dozed on the couch.
I dozed on the sofa.
I dozed.
I dragged myself out of bed and went to work.
I dragged myself out of bed.
I dragged the heavy baggage to the airport.
I dragged them through the mud.
I drained the bathtub.
I drained the water out of the bathtub.
I drank Tom's beer.
I drank Tom's wine.
I drank a beer.
I drank a bottle of champagne.
I drank a can of beer.
I drank a coffee at the cafe.
I drank a cup of coffee at a café in Stockholm.
I drank a cup of coffee to stay awake.
I drank a cup of coffee to wake me up.
I drank a cup of coffee.
I drank a cup of milk and ate two pieces of bread with butter for breakfast.
I drank a cup of tea with honey.
I drank a cup of water.
I drank a drop of water.
I drank a few beers.
I drank a glass of milk this morning.
I drank a glass of milk.
I drank a glass of red wine after dinner.
I drank a liter of coffee.
I drank a liter of water after eating.
I drank a litre of coffee.
I drank a little beer.
I drank a little milk and put the rest in the fridge.
I drank a little too much wine.
I drank a little yesterday.
I drank a lot and can't remember much of what happened last night.
I drank a lot and can’t remember much of what happened last night.
I drank a lot of beer.
I drank a lot of coffee today, so I probably won't sleep well tonight.
I drank a lot of coffee.
I drank a lot of water.
I drank a lot of wine so now my stomach is hurting.
I drank a lot.
I drank a quart of water in three minutes.
I drank a shot.
I drank a very hot double espresso at the coffee shop this morning.
I drank about 20 beers but the cop couldn't tell I was drunk and let me go.
I drank about 20 beers but the cop couldn’t tell I was drunk and let me go.
I drank about three liters of water today.
I drank all my milk.
I drank all the milk.
I drank all the water from the bottle.
I drank all these glasses.
I drank all those glasses.
I drank an herbal infusion.
I drank another beer.
I drank another glass of wine.
I drank as much as I wanted.
I drank beer for the first time when I was thirteen years old.
I drank beer for the first time when I was thirteen.
I drank beer from a plastic cup.
I drank beer last night.
I drank beer out of a plastic cup.
I drank beer.
I drank ceremonial sake with gold leaf in it at the new year.
I drank coffee this morning.
I drank coffee with him.
I drank coffee.
I drank cold water.
I drank even the last drop.
I drank excessive amounts of beer.
I drank extraordinarily good beer from them.
I drank five bottles of diet coke.
I drank free mint tea with Nicolas this evening at the restaurant.
I drank from the bottle and before I noticed, I turned into a rabbit.
I drank from the bottle.
I drank from the tap.
I drank glass after glass of the wine—not that I enjoyed its flavor any more, but mechanically, as it were, and with a sort of hope thereby to drown unpleasant reminders.
I drank good beer.
I drank her beer.
I drank her wine.
I drank his wine.
I drank hot milk with honey.
I drank hot water.
I drank it at a draft.
I drank it in a gulp.
I drank it in one gulp.
I drank it.
I drank juice.
I drank lemonade.
I drank milk with chocolate at my friend's house.
I drank milk.
I drank more than I should've at last night's party.
I drank more than I was planning to.
I drank more than Tom did last night.
I drank much more than I should've.
I drank my beer. Can I have another one?
I drank one googolplex beers last night.
I drank one.
I drank only two bottles of beer.
I drank out of Tom's glass by mistake.
I drank out of your glass by mistake.
I drank plenty of lemon water.
I drank red wine.
I drank so much alcohol yesterday that my head feels like it will explode.
I drank so much orange juice and almost shit my pants on the tour bus.
I drank so much that I threw up.
I drank so much that I vomited.
I drank so much that the room started spinning.
I drank some beer.
I drank some beetroot extract today.
I drank some coffee at the cafe.
I drank some coffee to keep myself awake.
I drank some green tea.
I drank some juice.
I drank some milk.
I drank some of the milk and kept the rest in the refrigerator.
I drank some orange juice.
I drank some silly tea and now I'm silly.
I drank some tequila.
I drank some water.
I drank some wine.
I drank tea yesterday.
I drank tea.
I drank the coffee.
I drank the milk that was left from breakfast.
I drank the milk that was left over from breakfast.
I drank the tea all at once.
I drank the unicorn chocolate with water from the river.
I drank the water.
I drank the wine.
I drank three beers. That's enough!
I drank three cups of coffee this morning.
I drank too much again.
I drank too much and the ground seemed to spin under my feet.
I drank too much and was unsteady on my feet.
I drank too much at last night's party.
I drank too much at the party last night.
I drank too much beer yesterday.
I drank too much brandy.
I drank too much coffee last night and I couldn't get to sleep.
I drank too much coffee today.
I drank too much coffee.
I drank too much last night.
I drank too much today.
I drank too much water before I went to sleep.
I drank too much wine and got dizzy.
I drank too much wine, and became dizzy.
I drank too much wine.
I drank too much yesterday.
I drank too much.
I drank too much. My face is swollen!
I drank two cups of coffee.
I drank two pints of beer.
I drank water.
I drank way too much last night.
I drank way too much water.
I drank way too much.
I drank wine.
I drank yours by mistake.
I drank.
I draw a circle.
I draw a house.
I draw a mouse.
I draw almost every day.
I draw attention to essential points.
I draw for a hobby.
I draw pictures every day.
I dread being afflicted by that dangerous sickness.
I dread doing that.
I dread making mistakes.
I dread more the peril to my good name.
I dread nightfall finding me here.
I dread that.
I dread the idea of being apart from you.
I dread to think what Tom will come up with.
I dread to think what Tom will do next.
I dreaded his reply to my letter.
I dream a lot of going home.
I dream a lot when I sleep.
I dream a lot.
I dream about Marika almost every day.
I dream about Tom almost every night.
I dream about Tom every night.
I dream about a beautiful woman.
I dream about bugs.
I dream about going to Australia in a few years.
I dream about going to Tunisia in a few years.
I dream about her a lot.
I dream about her every night.
I dream about him almost every night.
I dream about him every night.
I dream about you every night.
I dream about you quite often.
I dream about you sometimes.
I dream about you with my eyes open.
I dream as soon as I fall asleep.
I dream every night.
I dream in Berber.
I dream in French.
I dream intensely.
I dream of a better future.
I dream of a better world.
I dream of a day when my family embraces all differences.
I dream of a quiet life in the country.
I dream of a society whose wealth is distributed fairly.
I dream of a time when your jealousy is a distant memory.
I dream of a world where everyone can be themselves.
I dream of becoming a YouTube star, but I'm too lazy to do video editing.
I dream of becoming a millionaire.
I dream of becoming a teacher.
I dream of being a teacher.
I dream of being happy one day.
I dream of being in Australia.
I dream of being in Japan.
I dream of exotic fruit.
I dream of going to Australia.
I dream of going to Japan.
I dream of going to Lithuania and living there.
I dream of going to Mexico.
I dream of going to the United States.
I dream of going to visit Israel.
I dream of having my own company.
I dream of holding you close.
I dream of living in Tel Aviv.
I dream of seeing him there.
I dream of spring every day.
I dream of the perfect Lebanese meal.
I dream of visiting Australia someday with my family.
I dream of visiting Australia someday.
I dream of visiting Switzerland with my family.
I dream of you being by my side.
I dream of you with open eyes.
I dream.
I dreamed I could fly.
I dreamed I had been abducted by aliens.
I dreamed I kissed Tom.
I dreamed I was a cat climbing a tree. I wonder what that's supposed to mean?
I dreamed I was a child again.
I dreamed I was eating an apple pie.
I dreamed I was flying.
I dreamed I was in Australia again.
I dreamed I was in Boston again.
I dreamed I was in a very strange situation.
I dreamed I was water skiing.
I dreamed I was your father.
I dreamed I won three million dollars.
I dreamed a strange dream.
I dreamed about Tatoeba.
I dreamed about Tom and Mary.
I dreamed about Tom last night.
I dreamed about Tom.
I dreamed about Yumi.
I dreamed about a bow.
I dreamed about attending my sister's wedding.
I dreamed about being sacked.
I dreamed about changing my job.
I dreamed about coming to class naked.
I dreamed about doing that.
I dreamed about kissing Tom.
I dreamed about my mother.
I dreamed about our town having an underground.
I dreamed about owls.
I dreamed about the girl I met yesterday whose name I do not know.
I dreamed about you last night.
I dreamed about you nearly every night last week.
I dreamed about you the day before yesterday.
I dreamed about you the other day.
I dreamed about you.
I dreamed last night that I was chased all around by a fearful goblin with a big layer cake for a head.
I dreamed of coming to class naked.
I dreamed of having won the race.
I dreamed of learning to play the harp, but I only had enough money for a harmonica.
I dreamed of my native village.
I dreamed of you last night.
I dreamed something wonderful last night.
I dreamed that I died.
I dreamed that I was being chased by a monster.
I dreamed that I was buying this guitar.
I dreamed that I was dreaming.
I dreamed that I was eating my granddaughter's wedding cake.
I dreamed that I was in a forest.
I dreamed that I was walking on an endless beach, and every step I took left a mark that turned into flowers.
I dreamed that I won three million dollars.
I dreamed that all my teeth fell out.
I dreamed that hundreds of hummingbirds surrounded my head, circling, and they started to implant corn silk in my bald spot. It tickled.
I dreamed that night of that enigmatical woman, Mary Cavendish.
I dreamed that you wanted to kill me.
I dreamed we were eating fish.
I dreamed you had an accident.
I dreamed you were in an accident.
I dreamt I found a million dinars.
I dreamt I had a really good vegan sirloin.
I dreamt I was a bird.
I dreamt I was a cat climbing a tree. I wonder what that's supposed to mean?
I dreamt I was a cat trying to tell humans something, but they didn't understand me.
I dreamt I was a fish in an ocean.
I dreamt I was a horse.
I dreamt I was back in school.
I dreamt I was doing blow.
I dreamt I was driving drunk.
I dreamt I was sleeping.
I dreamt I was your father.
I dreamt a dream last night, about silk and fine cloth or about equality and fair trial.
I dreamt a strange dream.
I dreamt about Adriano's steak last night.
I dreamt about Tom being my younger brother.
I dreamt about Tom rising from the dead.
I dreamt about being a very rich person.
I dreamt about being chased by a killer.
I dreamt about being fluent in Hungarian.
I dreamt about drugs last night.
I dreamt about fighting in a war.
I dreamt about making love with a beautiful girl.
I dreamt about my workmate's girlfriend.
I dreamt about stoats the other day.
I dreamt about taking the final exam.
I dreamt about them.
I dreamt about wild animals last night.
I dreamt about you the night before last.
I dreamt about you.
I dreamt last night that I was in a restaurant that served various dishes with cooked guinea pigs. The trigger might have been that yesterday, I saw a picture of "cuy chactado"—a Peruvian guinea pig dish.
I dreamt of coming to class naked.
I dreamt of flying while in bed.
I dreamt of her.
I dreamt of him.
I dreamt of you last night.
I dreamt that Congress effected sensible tax reform to improve the lot of the working class. I then woke up in a gutter with nothing but ragged clothes and a stolen guitar to my name.
I dreamt that I died.
I dreamt that I got worms.
I dreamt that we were at the beach.
I dreamt that, using nothing but a stick, you saved me from a giant squid monster.
I dreamt this early morning about conlanging, specifically modifying Esperanto, so that I would replace the letter J with the letter Î, and I would add Japanese vocables. My cousin Eileen was in the dream, and she thought that I should not pursue the project.
I dreamt you had an accident.
I dreamt you were eating fish.
I dreamt you were in an accident.
I dress lightly all the time.
I dress the way I want.
I dressed appropriately for the occasion.
I dressed for the occasion.
I dressed myself.
I dressed up as a girl for the school festival.
I dressed up as a vampire for Halloween.
I dressed up as a zombie for Halloween.
I dressed up for the Halloween party.
I dressed up like Tom.
I dressed up.
I drew Mina.
I drew a blank during the exam.
I drew a caricature of Tom.
I drew a cat.
I drew a circle with compasses.
I drew a moustache on Mary's picture.
I drew a mustache on Mary's picture.
I drew a picture of a pony.
I drew a picture of a spaceship.
I drew a picture of a tree.
I drew an ace.
I drew back the curtain.
I drew inspiration from your idea.
I drew it.
I drew my chair a little nearer.
I drew nothing.
I drew one.
I drew this picture myself.
I drew this when I was in kindergarten.
I drew this.
I drew up a contract.
I dried my face.
I dried myself off.
I dried myself with a large bath towel.
I dried myself with the towel Tom handed me.
I dried myself with the towel that Tom handed me.
I dried the dishes.
I dried the forks that were lying on the table.
I dried the sink with a dishrag and now it's dry.
I drink 1-2 cups of coffee a day.
I drink 1.7 liters of water each day.
I drink 5 or 6 cups of instant coffee every day. I take it black, and always hot, too, even in the summer.
I drink a bottle of Coke for breakfast. Is that healthy?
I drink a cup of coffee every morning.
I drink a cup of tea in bed in the morning.
I drink a glass of milk before I go to bed.
I drink a glass of milk before going to bed.
I drink a glass of milk every morning.
I drink a little.
I drink a lot of beer.
I drink a lot of coffee.
I drink a lot of fruit juice.
I drink a lot of wine.
I drink a lot.
I drink a soft drink.
I drink about three liters of water every day.
I drink alcohol.
I drink apple juice.
I drink at least three cups of coffee a day.
I drink at least three liters of water a day.
I drink at least two liters of water a day.
I drink beer every day.
I drink beer.
I drink bitter coffee.
I drink blood.
I drink broth in the morning.
I drink coconut water in the morning.
I drink coffee after dinner.
I drink coffee almost every morning.
I drink coffee at night, so I'm sleep deprived.
I drink coffee every day.
I drink coffee every morning.
I drink coffee in a cafe.
I drink coffee in the morning.
I drink coffee instead of milk.
I drink coffee more than water.
I drink coffee often, but not every day.
I drink coffee when I get up.
I drink coffee with milk every morning.
I drink coffee with milk.
I drink coffee without adding milk.
I drink coffee without sugar if I have chocolate.
I drink coffee.
I drink either coffee or tea every morning.
I drink everyday.
I drink far too little water.
I drink far too much coffee.
I drink five cups of coffee a day.
I drink fruit juice.
I drink gluten-free beer, but I don't really like it.
I drink green tea, not black.
I drink half a glass of milk in the morning.
I drink her beer.
I drink his beer.
I drink iced tea before I eat.
I drink it, because it's liquid. If it was solid, I would eat it.
I drink milk almost every day.
I drink milk because it's good for your bones.
I drink milk from my mother's breast.
I drink milk straight from the carton.
I drink milk.
I drink milk. Do you?
I drink my beer while it's cold.
I drink my black coffee so slowly that by the time that I almost finish it, it is already cold.
I drink my coffee bitter.
I drink my coffee black.
I drink my coffee with sugar.
I drink my tea without sugar.
I drink neither alcohol nor Coca-Cola.
I drink neither coffee nor tea.
I drink orange juice along with my breakfast every morning.
I drink orange juice.
I drink ouzo every day.
I drink quite a bit.
I drink so much coffee that I don't sleep well.
I drink soda.
I drink sweet milk.
I drink tea every day.
I drink tea with lemon.
I drink tea without sugar.
I drink tea, too.
I drink tea.
I drink the water.
I drink three cups of coffee every day.
I drink three liters of water a day.
I drink three or four cups of coffee a day.
I drink to forget my immense pain.
I drink to forget.
I drink to numb the pain.
I drink to relax.
I drink too much coffee.
I drink too much!
I drink too much.
I drink two cups of coffee.
I drink water because I am thirsty.
I drink water every day.
I drink water when I'm thirsty.
I drink water.
I drink way too much coffee.
I drink when I have occasion, and sometimes when I have no occasion.
I drink white wine.
I drink whole milk.
I drink wine every day.
I drink wine on weekends.
I drink wine.
I drink with a straw.
I drink your milkshake!
I drink.
I drive Tom to school on rainy days.
I drive a BMW.
I drive a Porsche.
I drive a black car.
I drive a black van.
I drive a blue van.
I drive a bus.
I drive a cab.
I drive a convertible.
I drive a delivery truck.
I drive a delivery van.
I drive a hybrid.
I drive a jeep.
I drive a limo.
I drive a lorry.
I drive a lot.
I drive a taxi.
I drive a truck.
I drive across that bridge every afternoon on my way home from work.
I drive almost every day.
I drive an SUV.
I drive badly.
I drive carefully.
I drive everywhere.
I drive fast.
I drive faster than Tom does.
I drive faster than Tom.
I drive my children to school every morning.
I drive my father's car.
I drive my kids to school every morning.
I drive my own car.
I drive my therapist so mad in love whenever he sees me.
I drive now.
I drive safely.
I drive small sedans.
I drive the car.
I drive through Tom's neighborhood on my way to work.
I drive to Tokyo every day.
I drive to school.
I drive to tala hamza.
I drive to the office.
I drive to work.
I drive to work. Cycling is not an option. It's too far.
I drive towards Béjaïa.
I drive very fast.
I drive.
I drooled.
I drop off my children at school every morning before going to work.
I dropped Rima off.
I dropped Tom off at daycare.
I dropped Tom off at his friend's house.
I dropped Tom off at school on my way to work.
I dropped Tom off at the airport.
I dropped Tom off at the bus stop.
I dropped Tom off at the library.
I dropped Tom off in front of the bank.
I dropped a boiled egg into my soup and seasoned it with some fish sauce.
I dropped a earring down the pipe. I must call the plumber.
I dropped a fork.
I dropped a piece of tofu and my cat ate it.
I dropped an earring on the floor and had to get down on all fours to find it.
I dropped an earring.
I dropped by Tom's on the way home and had a couple of drinks.
I dropped by just to say hello.
I dropped by the bookstore and I bought an interesting book.
I dropped by the bookstore and bought an interesting book.
I dropped everything and grabbed the first plane out of Boston for this.
I dropped everything and moved to Moscow.
I dropped everything and ran.
I dropped her a broad hint, but she didn't catch on.
I dropped her myself at school.
I dropped her off at the airport.
I dropped him off at his place.
I dropped it into the garbage chute and forgot about it.
I dropped it.
I dropped my apple.
I dropped my earring.
I dropped my flashlight.
I dropped my fork.
I dropped my fountain pen.
I dropped my key somewhere around here.
I dropped my keys.
I dropped my kids off at school.
I dropped my laptop.
I dropped my money on the way to Istanbul.
I dropped my new cell phone into the toilet bowl. Damn it!
I dropped my pen on the ground.
I dropped my pencil.
I dropped my phone on my face.
I dropped my phone.
I dropped my sandwich.
I dropped my shopping bag and broke all the eggs.
I dropped my spoon.
I dropped my torch on the floor, and now it doesn't work.
I dropped my torch.
I dropped my underwear on the ground.
I dropped one.
I dropped out of college.
I dropped out of high school when I was sixteen.
I dropped out of school when I was in the 7th grade.
I dropped out of school.
I dropped out of university.
I dropped out.
I dropped something.
I dropped the ball.
I dropped the controller.
I dropped the cup because it was too hot.
I dropped the cup.
I dropped the glass.
I dropped the glasses.
I dropped the gum wrapper on the sidewalk.
I dropped the pen on the ground.
I dropped the pencil I was holding.
I dropped the pitcher and it broke.
I dropped the plate accidentally.
I dropped the tray.
I dropped the vase and it broke.
I dropped the vase.
I dropped them off at Kanda.
I dropped them off at the airport.
I dropped to the floor.
I dropped your mug.
I drove Linda crazy.
I drove Rima to the village.
I drove Tom home.
I drove Tom to Boston.
I drove Tom to hospital.
I drove Tom to school on rainy days.
I drove Tom to school.
I drove Tom to the hospital.
I drove Tom to the party.
I drove Tom to the station.
I drove Tom's Prius once.
I drove Tom's car home for him.
I drove Tom's car to Boston.
I drove a Chevy.
I drove a Volvo.
I drove a cab for several years.
I drove a car to the beach today.
I drove a taxi for several years.
I drove a van.
I drove across the bridge.
I drove across town to pick up some things I needed.
I drove all around town looking for Tom.
I drove all around town to look for Jim.
I drove all night to get here in time for this meeting.
I drove all night.
I drove all the way from Boston.
I drove all the way to Boston just to give Tom a birthday gift.
I drove along a desert road.
I drove an hour to taste Adriano's famous steak.
I drove around the corner to park.
I drove around the neighborhood.
I drove around the neighbourhood.
I drove around town, looking for something interesting to do.
I drove as fast as I could.
I drove as fast as I legally could.
I drove away from that spot.
I drove away from the houses.
I drove away.
I drove back there with the people, over the meadow into the grain.
I drove back to Boston.
I drove back to my office.
I drove back to the village.
I drove back to work.
I drove by.
I drove down a narrow road.
I drove down that road.
I drove down the path.
I drove down to Algiers.
I drove downtown to meet Tom.
I drove downtown to meet her.
I drove downtown to meet him.
I drove downtown to meet them.
I drove from Boston to Chicago.
I drove from Germany to Italy.
I drove from Tokyo to Aomori, took my car on a ferry to Hokkaido, crossed Hokkaido, then returned to Tokyo.
I drove her home.
I drove her to the party.
I drove here from Boston as soon as I heard that you needed me.
I drove here from Boston as soon as I heard you needed me.
I drove here in my new car.
I drove here.
I drove home on Friday.
I drove home to change.
I drove home.
I drove my car off a bridge.
I drove my car to Boston.
I drove my car today.
I drove myself here.
I drove myself home.
I drove off.
I drove on a normal paved road.
I drove on the forest service road.
I drove one.
I drove over to Tom's place this morning.
I drove over to Tom's this morning.
I drove past Rima's house.
I drove past Tom's on the way home.
I drove past the hitchhiker
I drove past the metal barrier.
I drove past this town on the way home.
I drove really fast.
I drove slowly back home.
I drove the car into the garage.
I drove the car out.
I drove the car.
I drove the donkey to the field.
I drove the half-hour trip back home.
I drove the rest of the way home.
I drove the whole night.
I drove them home.
I drove there.
I drove those who killed my father into exile through legal judgments of their crimes, and then they waged war against the Republic; I defeated them twice on the battlefield.
I drove three hours to get here.
I drove to Algiers.
I drove to Boston by myself.
I drove to Boston in less than three hours.
I drove to Boston with Tom.
I drove to Boston.
I drove to Kabylie.
I drove to Kyoto.
I drove to Lagos four five days.
I drove to Potsdam.
I drove to Rome.
I drove to Tom's house as fast as I could.
I drove to a camping spot.
I drove to my house.
I drove to school.
I drove to the mall with Tom.
I drove to the mall.
I drove to the mosque.
I drove to the nearest gas station.
I drove to the place.
I drove to the post office.
I drove to the railway station to meet him.
I drove to the village.
I drove to town and went shopping.
I drove to work today.
I drove to work.
I drove today because it's raining.
I drove today.
I drove up to the house.
I drove uptown.
I drove us to a motel.
I drove while Tom slept in the back seat.
I drove!
I drove.
I drowned in the ocean.
I drowned one.
I drowned.
I drummed.
I dry my shirt.
I dub thee Sir Thomas.
I ducked into a local café for some respite.
I ducked just in time to avoid the punch aimed at me.
I dug a hole about a foot and a half deep.
I dug a hole in my backyard.
I dug a hole.
I dug a huge pit with my shovel in just one day.
I dug a pit.
I dug for about thirty minutes and then took a break.
I dug one up.
I dug one.
I dumped Tom.
I dumped the dishwater on the flowers so it wasn't wasted.
I dumped the trash in the woods.
I dumped the trash there.
I dumped water into the stream.
I dunno if it's a bug or what, but this software doesn't work right.
I dunno if it’s a bug or what, but this software doesn’t work right.
I dunno what's with ya these days.
I dusted myself off.
I dusted one off.
I dusted the furniture.
I dwell in the Lojbanic Soviet Federative Socialist Republic.
I dwell the longer upon this Subject from the Desire I have to make the Society of an English Yahoo by any Means not insupportable; and therefore I intreat those who have any Tincture of this absurd Vice, that they will not presume to appear in my Sight.
I dwelt in Quezon City.
I dye my hair.
I dyed my hair blonde.
I dyed my hair red.
I eagerly await hearing your opinion on this subject.
I eagerly await your arrival.
I eagerly await your decision.
I eagerly opened the envelope, hoping there'd be money in it.
I earn $300 a day.
I earn 100 Euros a day.
I earn 100 euros a day.
I earn a lot of money, but unfortunately, I don't get it.
I earn a lot of money, unfortunately I don't get it.
I earn about $300,000 a year.
I earn about as much as you do.
I earn about as much as you.
I earn enough money to support my family.
I earn money.
I earn more than Tom does.
I earn more than Tom.
I earn more than what Tom does.
I earn my living as best I can.
I earn the same as you.
I earn three hundred dollars a day.
I earned a PS5.
I earned a bachelor's degree.
I earned a lot of money this month.
I earned good money.
I earned it.
I earned money.
I earned some money for Tom.
I earned this.
I eased his heart.
I easily catch a large fish.
I easily fall asleep watching TV.
I easily found Mr. Harrington because I had seen him before.
I easily found his office.
I easily solved the problem.
I eat Chinese food once in a blue moon.
I eat Japanese food.
I eat Japanese pumpkin confectionaries.
I eat Thai food every chance I get.
I eat Thai food every chance that I get.
I eat Thai food whenever I can.
I eat a banana roll.
I eat a banana.
I eat a boiled egg for breakfast every day.
I eat a book.
I eat a bowl of oatmeal every morning.
I eat a lot junk food.
I eat a lot of Chinese food.
I eat a lot of beef.
I eat a lot of cake.
I eat a lot of carrots.
I eat a lot of corn.
I eat a lot of fish.
I eat a lot of fruit and I always have some in my fridge.
I eat a lot of fruit.
I eat a lot of meat.
I eat a lot of pasta.
I eat a lot of pork.
I eat a lot of rice.
I eat a lot of turkey.
I eat a lot of vegetables.
I eat a lot to de-stress.
I eat a lot whenever I am nervous.
I eat a lot.
I eat a meat bun every day at the convenience store.
I eat a sandwich.
I eat a slice of bread.
I eat a slice of watermelon.
I eat a whole chicken.
I eat after 7 p.m.
I eat after 7.00 pm.
I eat after seven in the evening.
I eat all day.
I eat alone.
I eat an apple and she eats bread.
I eat an apple.
I eat an egg every morning.
I eat and I get fat.
I eat and destroy.
I eat and drink.
I eat and read at the same time.
I eat anything.
I eat at her house.
I eat at home then I study Lao.
I eat at that restaurant about three times a week.
I eat at that restaurant at least once a week.
I eat at work.
I eat avocados with salt.
I eat bananas.
I eat bats, snakes and okra.
I eat beans.
I eat because I'm hungry.
I eat before 7 p.m.
I eat before seven in the evening.
I eat berries.
I eat between meals.
I eat blue pasta and drink apple cider.
I eat bread covered with flax seeds, which end up all over the table.
I eat bread every day.
I eat bread for my breakfast.
I eat bread more often than I eat rice.
I eat bread more often than rice.
I eat bread with jam for breakfast.
I eat bread without oil.
I eat bread without salt.
I eat bread.
I eat breakfast at eight o'clock.
I eat breakfast before work.
I eat breakfast every day.
I eat breakfast every morning.
I eat breakfast here normally.
I eat breakfast right when I get up.
I eat breakfast there, most of the time.
I eat carrots for better eyesight.
I eat cereal for breakfast.
I eat cheese, even though I don't like it.
I eat cheese.
I eat chicken every day.
I eat chicken more often than I eat beef.
I eat chicken more often than beef.
I eat chicken.
I eat chips.
I eat chocolate even though I know I shouldn't.
I eat chocolate even though I know that I shouldn't.
I eat chocolate.
I eat churros con chocolate with him.
I eat cornflakes for breakfast.
I eat couscous every Friday.
I eat couscous every day.
I eat couscous for lunch.
I eat couscous with eggs every day.
I eat couscous with fish.
I eat couscous.
I eat cucumber.
I eat dinner after work.
I eat dinner at quarter past seven.
I eat dinner every evening at six o'clock.
I eat eggs every morning.
I eat eggs for breakfast every morning.
I eat everything.
I eat fast.
I eat fat first to quench my appetite.
I eat fish at least once a week.
I eat fish at least once every week.
I eat fish daily.
I eat fish every day.
I eat fish every week.
I eat fish more than once a week.
I eat fish.
I eat flies.
I eat food.
I eat fresh fruit whenever I can get it.
I eat fresh fruit.
I eat fruit and drink water.
I eat fruit and yogurt for breakfast.
I eat fruit every day, but Tom and Mary don't.
I eat fruit every day, but Tom doesn't.
I eat fruit every day.
I eat fruit.
I eat fruits because I am hungry.
I eat ham.
I eat here all the time.
I eat here every day.
I eat here.
I eat honey instead of sugar.
I eat in secret.
I eat in the classroom.
I eat in the company cafeteria.
I eat in the house.
I eat in the kitchen.
I eat it.
I eat kale.
I eat late.
I eat less than I used to.
I eat less than you.
I eat like I eat.
I eat like a teenager.
I eat little meat.
I eat live rats.
I eat lots of okara donuts because they're healthy, and I still end up gaining weight.
I eat lots of vegetables.
I eat lunch at my desk.
I eat lunch at one thirty.
I eat lunch at one-thirty.
I eat lunch at the same time every day.
I eat lunch early.
I eat lunch every Friday at the pastry shop in the center of town.
I eat lunch every day at noon.
I eat lunch here two or three times a week.
I eat lunch in that restaurant every day.
I eat lunch with my manager almost every day.
I eat mashed potatoes with butter and onions.
I eat meat almost every day.
I eat meat every day.
I eat meat less often than fish.
I eat meat more rarely than fish.
I eat meat three times a week.
I eat meat, but my wife doesn't.
I eat meat.
I eat most of my meals at home.
I eat my breakfast at seven o'clock.
I eat my breakfast in the office.
I eat my meals at the hospital.
I eat my soup.
I eat my toast either with garlic or with bitter marmalade.
I eat noodles.
I eat normally.
I eat oatmeal every day.
I eat one bean.
I eat one egg every morning.
I eat only fresh vegetables.
I eat only three meals a day and don't eat between meals.
I eat only what I want to eat.
I eat only when I'm hungry.
I eat out a lot.
I eat pasta with a fork.
I eat pasta.
I eat pears.
I eat pineapple sherbert.
I eat pork with a fork.
I eat pork.
I eat raw kimchi whenever I'm taking antibiotics.
I eat raw sauerkraut whenever I'm taking antibiotics.
I eat red pasta and I drink apple cider.
I eat red potatoes while drinking tea.
I eat rice almost every day.
I eat rice every day.
I eat rice with every meal.
I eat rice.
I eat rocks.
I eat rosehip soup, often.
I eat sandwiches with margarine.
I eat sauerkraut every morning.
I eat slowly.
I eat so that I can get energy.
I eat soft bread.
I eat some cheese.
I eat steamed Satsuma potato bread.
I eat steamed banana bread.
I eat sunflower seeds all day.
I eat sushi every chance I get.
I eat sushi every chance that I get.
I eat sushi with chopsticks.
I eat tartine with jam.
I eat the crab.
I eat the same food every day.
I eat the sandwich with margarine.
I eat there every night.
I eat three times a day.
I eat to live.
I eat to the north of your house.
I eat toast and marmalade with tea for breakfast.
I eat toast with butter.
I eat tofu.
I eat tomatoes, but Tom doesn't.
I eat tomatoes.
I eat too much meat.
I eat up everything!
I eat using a utensil.
I eat vegetables and fruit every morning.
I eat vegetables.
I eat very quickly.
I eat what I can afford.
I eat when I eat.
I eat when I'm nervous.
I eat while listening to the radio.
I eat with my hands.
I eat with my mouth and smell with my nose.
I eat with my sister at noon.
I eat with the children every week.
I eat with the kids every week.
I eat.
I edged closer to the door.
I edit Wikipedia.
I edit this sentence.
I edited one.
I edited the video on Rima's computer.
I educate children about this subject.
I educated people about Islam.
I either can be crazily in love with you or I can be utterly disgusted with your whole being and hate every fiber of your being, there's just no middle ground with me.
I either don't dream or don't remember my dreams.
I either like you a lot or I just simply love you.
I either lost it or it was stolen.
I ejaculate in socks.
I email my pen pal every Saturday.
I emailed Mary and told her I'd be busy next week.
I emailed Tom about it.
I emailed Tom and Mary and told them I'd be busy next week.
I emailed Tom and told him I'd be busy next week.
I emailed Tom his homework.
I emailed Tom the pictures I took yesterday.
I emailed Tom.
I emailed customer support about the problem.
I emailed her the photo of the Kabyle dress.
I emailed you a couple of minutes ago.
I embarked on a journey of self-discovery.
I embarked on a thrilling adventure.
I embarrassed Tom.
I embarrassed him.
I embody the law!
I embrace change as a chance to evolve.
I embrace my flaws and strengths alike.
I embrace my flaws as part of my story.
I embrace my imperfections as if they are my reason to exist.
I embrace my uniqueness with pride.
I embrace my uniqueness, even if others don't always understand.
I embrace setbacks as opportunities for growth.
I embrace the journey of self-discovery.
I embrace the rush of inspiration.
I embrace the tiredness, knowing I lived fully today.
I embrace the unknown as a chance to grow.
I embraced Islam around April 2004.
I embraced Islam in 2004.
I embraced Islam in Canada.
I embraced Islam in a mosque in Algeria.
I embraced Islam when I was 24.
I embraced and kissed her.
I embraced change.
I embraced the power of storytelling through books.
I embraced the ups and downs of writing.
I embroider cityscapes.
I embroidered.
I emerged from the woods.
I emigrated from Portugal to England.
I emigrated to England.
I empathize strongly with the victims.
I empathize with him.
I empathize with you.
I employed your strategy.
I emptied the bucket.
I emptied the dishwasher.
I emptied water into the ditch.
I enchanted my sword with Sharpness II.
I enclose a photo.
I enclosed the receipt in the letter.
I encountered Tom when he came downstairs.
I encountered a problem.
I encountered a sobbing young girl, I erased her tears.
I encountered many difficulties in my life.
I encountered problems trying to understand what I myself was saying.
I encountered some people in the deep woods.
I encourage all my students.
I encourage both of you to participate.
I encourage everybody to get here early.
I encourage everybody to visit Palestine.
I encourage everyone to get here early.
I encourage my brother.
I encourage the French to learn German.
I encourage the translators of my books to take as much license as they feel that they need.
I encourage you both to participate.
I encourage you to be a Muslim.
I encourage you to be good and diligent.
I encourage you to come and kneel with me at the foot of Calvary's Cross and be washed in the blood of Our Savior Jesus Christ.
I encourage you to do so.
I encourage you to experience the thrill of adventure.
I encourage you to get here early.
I encourage you to go watch that movie.
I encourage you to participate.
I encourage you to seek out a more fulfilling activity instead of constantly making snide comments towards me.
I encourage you to smile as often as possible.
I encouraged Mary to be herself.
I encouraged Tom and Mary to be themselves.
I encouraged Tom to apply for that job.
I encouraged Tom to be himself.
I encouraged Tom to do it.
I encouraged Tom to do that.
I encouraged Tom to exercise more often.
I encouraged Tom to learn French.
I encouraged Tom to participate.
I encouraged Tom to stay in college.
I encouraged Tom to study French.
I encouraged Tom to study harder.
I encouraged Tom to try again.
I encouraged Tom to try doing that again.
I encouraged my pupils.
I encouraged them to learn Berber.
I encrypt my emails.
I end up unconsciously trying to get fit as summer draws near.
I endeavored to do my duty.
I ended my day feeling satisfied that I had helped people feel better.
I ended the book reading.
I ended the text writing.
I ended up agreeing to do that.
I ended up all alone.
I ended up apologizing to Tom for something I didn't do.
I ended up apologizing.
I ended up at Tom's place after walking around all day.
I ended up behind bars.
I ended up calling the police.
I ended up coming to the restaurant.
I ended up doing something I didn't want to do.
I ended up doing something I wish I hadn't done.
I ended up doing something that I wish I hadn't done.
I ended up finding out that he wasn't a teacher.
I ended up forgetting.
I ended up going over the top, drinking too much and having a terrible hangover the next day.
I ended up going with Tom.
I ended up helping Tom a lot.
I ended up helping Tom several times.
I ended up in Kabylie, Algeria.
I ended up in hospital last night.
I ended up in jail.
I ended up in prison.
I ended up in the forest.
I ended up in the lead.
I ended up in the pomo conversation from hell.
I ended up in the village.
I ended up in this shitty place.
I ended up marrying an Algerian girl from Kabylie.
I ended up on the street.
I ended up saying something stupid.
I ended up seeing it under bad circumstances.
I ended up sleeping all day.
I ended up sleeping in my car.
I ended up sleeping in the barn.
I ended up sleeping on the couch.
I ended up sleeping on the sofa with the TV on.
I ended up spending a couple of weeks in Boston.
I ended up spending a week in Kabylie.
I ended up spilling everything to Mom.
I ended up staying in Australia for three years.
I ended up staying in Boston for three years.
I ended up studying French.
I ended up telling Mary what Tom told me not to tell her.
I ended up telling Mary what you told me not to tell her.
I ended up telling Tom and Mary what John told me not to tell them.
I ended up telling Tom and Mary what you told me not to tell them.
I ended up telling Tom what Mary told me not to tell him.
I ended up telling Tom what you told me not to tell him.
I ended up tripping and skinning my knee while I was it in our game of blind man's bluff.
I ended up winning.
I ended up with Tom.
I ended your sleep.
I endured a painful experience of rape in my youth.
I endured the pain.
I enforce the rules even though I don't agree with them all.
I engage in deep conversations with friends.
I enjoy Tom's company.
I enjoy a challenge.
I enjoy a full and varied life.
I enjoy a good challenge.
I enjoy a good debate.
I enjoy a good hot-fudge sundae after church on Sundays.
I enjoy a variety of activities.
I enjoy a veggie burger with avocado.
I enjoy avocado toast for breakfast.
I enjoy baking, although I don’t make it often.
I enjoy being a part of this team.
I enjoy being a teacher.
I enjoy being by myself.
I enjoy being here.
I enjoy being honored by you.
I enjoy being in Australia.
I enjoy being in Boston.
I enjoy being in the village.
I enjoy being on my own.
I enjoy being single.
I enjoy being with Tom.
I enjoy being with her.
I enjoy being with him.
I enjoy being with my kids.
I enjoy being with you.
I enjoy belittling other people's shortcomings.
I enjoy biking in Algiers.
I enjoy bird-watching.
I enjoy both swimming and canoeing.
I enjoy bringing a smile on other's people faces.
I enjoy building snowmen and playing in the snow. I'll have to wait until it snows here.
I enjoy buttered corn.
I enjoy catching my boyfriend's eyes while he is driving on the road.
I enjoy chess.
I enjoy chickpeas in a spicy stew.
I enjoy classic styles that never go out of date.
I enjoy classical music.
I enjoy climbing trees every once in a while.
I enjoy collaborating with Carlos, my colleague from the IT department.
I enjoy collaborating with Carlos, my colleague who is always open to new ideas.
I enjoy collecting coins.
I enjoy collecting rare coins.
I enjoy coming to Australia.
I enjoy coming to Boston.
I enjoy communicating with people.
I enjoy contributing to Tatoeba.
I enjoy cooking, but I don't like the cleaning up afterwards.
I enjoy creating looks that reflect my personality.
I enjoy crunchy carrots at lunch.
I enjoy dancing to this kind of music.
I enjoy deep-wilderness camping.
I enjoy discovering new and original things.
I enjoy discovering rare things.
I enjoy diving into books.
I enjoy doing that.
I enjoy doing things like this.
I enjoy doing things with Tom.
I enjoy doing things with you.
I enjoy doing this sort of thing.
I enjoy doing this.
I enjoy driving.
I enjoy eating dinner with you.
I enjoy eating hot soup.
I enjoy eating many different kinds of food.
I enjoy eating out.
I enjoy eating with you.
I enjoy embroidering.
I enjoy especially the words written in Katakana glyphs from my speculative fiction books in Japanese. Kana glyphs are spiritual in a sense.
I enjoy every moment of it.
I enjoy exercising.
I enjoy experimenting with different foods.
I enjoy expressing my creativity.
I enjoy feeding the pigeons.
I enjoy fighting.
I enjoy fishing with Tom.
I enjoy fishing.
I enjoy gardening.
I enjoy giving her English lessons in my spare time.
I enjoy giving speeches.
I enjoy go on vacation to Algiers.
I enjoy going to Algiers.
I enjoy going to Australia.
I enjoy going to Boston.
I enjoy good health.
I enjoy haggling.
I enjoy hanging out with Tom.
I enjoy hanging out with my friends.
I enjoy hanging out with you.
I enjoy hard drugs.
I enjoy having breakfast pretty early in the morning.
I enjoy having deeply passionate and lively debates with him.
I enjoy hearing stories about inventors.
I enjoy her company.
I enjoy hiking.
I enjoy his company.
I enjoy horseback riding.
I enjoy imparting my wide knowledge on any subject and I like to think logically.
I enjoy intellectual conversations.
I enjoy it a lot.
I enjoy it here and always have.
I enjoy it in here.
I enjoy it more each time.
I enjoy it.
I enjoy learning Berber, too.
I enjoy learning Berber.
I enjoy learning Spanish.
I enjoy learning another language.
I enjoy learning languages.
I enjoy learning new vocabulary.
I enjoy learning other languages.
I enjoy life.
I enjoy listening to Russian speech.
I enjoy listening to classical music.
I enjoy listening to frogs at night.
I enjoy listening to jazz.
I enjoy listening to many kinds of music.
I enjoy listening to music and dancing.
I enjoy listening to music.
I enjoy listening to old songs.
I enjoy listening to the radio.
I enjoy living in Australia.
I enjoy living in Boston.
I enjoy living.
I enjoy long walks in the brisk winter air.
I enjoy long walks on the beach.
I enjoy looking at my old diary.
I enjoy looking at old family pictures.
I enjoy looking closely into my boyfriend's eyes and getting lost into them.
I enjoy making breakfast.
I enjoy making my boyfriend's eyes look deep into my stare.
I enjoy making new friends.
I enjoy making other people follow my lead.
I enjoy meals prepared by steaming.
I enjoy mountain climbing.
I enjoy movies.
I enjoy music.
I enjoy my husband's natural body odor.
I enjoy my own company and avoid socializing.
I enjoy my own company.
I enjoy myself very much at the beach.
I enjoy myself.
I enjoy photography.
I enjoy playing chess.
I enjoy playing doubles with Tom.
I enjoy playing table tennis, but I'm not a very good player.
I enjoy playing the blues.
I enjoy playing the piano.
I enjoy pointing out other people's defects and really make them obvious while in public.
I enjoy poker.
I enjoy pu-erh.
I enjoy reading Berber books.
I enjoy reading books in English.
I enjoy reading books in French.
I enjoy reading books in my bed.
I enjoy reading books.
I enjoy reading complex texts and understanding them fully.
I enjoy reading crime novels.
I enjoy reading detective novels.
I enjoy reading in my spare time.
I enjoy reading murder mysteries.
I enjoy reading my old diaries.
I enjoy reading novels.
I enjoy reading so much that I devour a book a week.
I enjoy reading your comments.
I enjoy reading, cuddling by the fireplace and slow dancing.
I enjoy reading.
I enjoy riding my bicycle.
I enjoy running.
I enjoy sailing. I also enjoy water skiing.
I enjoy salsa dancing.
I enjoy seeing her so happy.
I enjoy seeing you so happy.
I enjoy sharing all kinds of stories with you.
I enjoy singing, but I don't like dancing.
I enjoy sipping on a margarita with salt around the rim.
I enjoy situations that feel comfortable.
I enjoy skiing.
I enjoy snowboarding.
I enjoy soaking in a hot bath.
I enjoy socialising with my friends.
I enjoy solitude.
I enjoy speaking French with my friends.
I enjoy speaking French.
I enjoy speaking Hungarian.
I enjoy speaking in French.
I enjoy speaking with native speakers.
I enjoy spending time on Tatoeba.
I enjoy spending time with Tom.
I enjoy spending time with her.
I enjoy spending time with him.
I enjoy spending time with my friends.
I enjoy spending time with my pals.
I enjoy spending time with them.
I enjoy spending time with you.
I enjoy studying French, too.
I enjoy studying French.
I enjoy studying languages.
I enjoy studying with Tom.
I enjoy surfing the internet.
I enjoy swimming laps.
I enjoy swimming, but I don't want to swim here.
I enjoy swimming.
I enjoy taking pictures.
I enjoy talking about movies with Gustavo.
I enjoy talking to her.
I enjoy talking to him.
I enjoy talking to the ladies.
I enjoy talking with Tom.
I enjoy talking with her.
I enjoy talking with him.
I enjoy talking with them.
I enjoy talking with you.
I enjoy teaching French.
I enjoy teaching her French lessons to help her get better at French.
I enjoy that show.
I enjoy that.
I enjoy the Djurdjura's majestic views.
I enjoy the beauty of the natural world.
I enjoy the challenge of translating the untranslatable.
I enjoy the challenge.
I enjoy the comfort of the familiar.
I enjoy the company of men.
I enjoy the crisp air of cold weather.
I enjoy the history of literature.
I enjoy the humor of my region.
I enjoy the layers of blankets on a chilly night.
I enjoy the majestic views of the Djurdjura Mountains.
I enjoy the mild warmth of Italian autumns.
I enjoy the outdoors and love to watch sunsets.
I enjoy the slow buildup of progress in incremental games.
I enjoy the time we spend together.
I enjoy the universe of reading.
I enjoy the warm scent that comes from a man’s skin.
I enjoy the way hurdy-gurdy sounds a lot.
I enjoy the weather.
I enjoy the wisdom of Socrates, which was the basis for Plato.
I enjoy the work that they do.
I enjoy this music.
I enjoy translating longer sentences; it lets you feel that you're getting into the language, rather than just pottering about at the edges. It's good to get some reassurance now and then that I haven't got lost – motivates me to go further in.
I enjoy traveling by car.
I enjoy traveling by train.
I enjoy traveling in Kabylie.
I enjoy traveling.
I enjoy travelling by train.
I enjoy travelling.
I enjoy vegetables.
I enjoy visiting Algiers.
I enjoy visiting Australia.
I enjoy visiting Boston.
I enjoy visiting Kabylie.
I enjoy visiting castles.
I enjoy visiting exciting cities like New York, Chicago, and Boston.
I enjoy visiting museums to uncover historical secrets.
I enjoy visiting the village.
I enjoy waking up next to my partner in the morning.
I enjoy walking barefoot across the grass.
I enjoy walking in Algiers.
I enjoy walking in the forest.
I enjoy walking in the park.
I enjoy walking.
I enjoy walks and talks on the beach.
I enjoy warm weather, but this heat is too much for me!
I enjoy watching English movies without subtitles.
I enjoy watching Tom dance.
I enjoy watching Tom.
I enjoy watching baseball on TV.
I enjoy watching butterflies in the garden.
I enjoy watching butterflies.
I enjoy watching children play.
I enjoy watching documentaries about animals.
I enjoy watching documentaries on YouTube.
I enjoy watching dog racing.
I enjoy watching football on TV.
I enjoy watching golf.
I enjoy watching him sleep.
I enjoy watching movies in my free time.
I enjoy watching romantic movies.
I enjoy watching soccer on TV.
I enjoy watching sports on TV.
I enjoy watching synchronized swimming.
I enjoy what I do.
I enjoy what I'm doing.
I enjoy working here a lot.
I enjoy working here.
I enjoy working in a shop.
I enjoy working out in the gym.
I enjoy working with Carlos, my colleague who has a great sense of humor.
I enjoy working with Tom.
I enjoy working with you.
I enjoy working.
I enjoy your company.
I enjoyed Tom's company.
I enjoyed Tom's speech.
I enjoyed Tom's wit.
I enjoyed a peaceful walk in nature.
I enjoyed a quiet breakfast on the porch.
I enjoyed a quiet evening at home.
I enjoyed a slice of cake with a cup of coffee.
I enjoyed a slice of cake with my tea.
I enjoyed a warm, buttered bun.
I enjoyed being here tonight.
I enjoyed being here.
I enjoyed being in Australia.
I enjoyed being in Boston.
I enjoyed being single.
I enjoyed being there.
I enjoyed bread with bell pepper.
I enjoyed coffee in his company.
I enjoyed doing it.
I enjoyed doing that.
I enjoyed doing this today for a change.
I enjoyed doing this with you.
I enjoyed driving on the new highway.
I enjoyed every day of my vacation.
I enjoyed every minute of it.
I enjoyed every minute of the party.
I enjoyed every moment of that day, even if I had to look after the children all the time.
I enjoyed every second of it.
I enjoyed getting to know her.
I enjoyed getting to know him.
I enjoyed going on camping trips.
I enjoyed hanging out with Tom.
I enjoyed hanging out with you.
I enjoyed her unexpected visit.
I enjoyed it a great deal.
I enjoyed it a lot.
I enjoyed it for a while.
I enjoyed it very much.
I enjoyed it, too.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed last night's party.
I enjoyed learning Berber.
I enjoyed learning French.
I enjoyed learning Latin when I went to the university.
I enjoyed listening to Tom's band.
I enjoyed listening to them.
I enjoyed living in Australia.
I enjoyed living in Boston.
I enjoyed living there.
I enjoyed my French classes in high school.
I enjoyed my art classes with Mrs. Jackson.
I enjoyed my conversation with Tom.
I enjoyed my nap.
I enjoyed my stay in Australia.
I enjoyed my stay in Boston.
I enjoyed my time in Australia.
I enjoyed my time in Boston.
I enjoyed my time with Tom.
I enjoyed my trip to Europe.
I enjoyed my trip to Kabylie.
I enjoyed my trip to the museum very much.
I enjoyed my vacation.
I enjoyed myself a lot at your party.
I enjoyed myself a lot.
I enjoyed myself as a tourist but felt that I had to get down to business.
I enjoyed myself at Tom's party.
I enjoyed myself at the party last night.
I enjoyed myself at the party yesterday.
I enjoyed myself at the party.
I enjoyed myself at your party last weekend.
I enjoyed myself at your party.
I enjoyed myself enormously, believe me.
I enjoyed myself exceedingly, not disdaining the supper, everything being most delicious.
I enjoyed myself in Australia.
I enjoyed myself in Boston.
I enjoyed myself last night at the party.
I enjoyed myself last night.
I enjoyed myself today.
I enjoyed myself very much at the party last evening.
I enjoyed myself very much at the party last night.
I enjoyed myself very much at the party yesterday evening.
I enjoyed myself very much last night.
I enjoyed myself very much.
I enjoyed myself.
I enjoyed our trip together.
I enjoyed playing tennis over the weekend.
I enjoyed playing that game.
I enjoyed reading about your dreams.
I enjoyed reading the book Tom gave me.
I enjoyed reading the book that Tom gave me.
I enjoyed reading the book that you gave me.
I enjoyed reading the book you gave me.
I enjoyed reading this article.
I enjoyed reading this book.
I enjoyed reading this.
I enjoyed singing with Tom.
I enjoyed spending the afternoon with you.
I enjoyed spending time with Tom.
I enjoyed spending time with you.
I enjoyed staying in Australia.
I enjoyed staying in Boston.
I enjoyed swimming in the river.
I enjoyed swimming.
I enjoyed talking to Tom.
I enjoyed talking to her.
I enjoyed talking to him.
I enjoyed talking with Antonio.
I enjoyed talking with Tom.
I enjoyed talking with her.
I enjoyed talking with him at the party.
I enjoyed talking with him.
I enjoyed talking with my girlfriend.
I enjoyed talking with you this evening very much.
I enjoyed talking with you.
I enjoyed that movie a lot.
I enjoyed that movie.
I enjoyed that video.
I enjoyed that.
I enjoyed the attention.
I enjoyed the beautiful spring.
I enjoyed the book that Tom lent me.
I enjoyed the camping trip.
I enjoyed the challenge.
I enjoyed the concert a lot.
I enjoyed the concert except that the hall was cold.
I enjoyed the concert.
I enjoyed the conversation we had this afternoon.
I enjoyed the evening very much.
I enjoyed the food a lot.
I enjoyed the holiday all the better for being with you.
I enjoyed the meal a lot.
I enjoyed the movie.
I enjoyed the music to my heart's content.
I enjoyed the music to my heart’s content.
I enjoyed the nice weather.
I enjoyed the party a lot.
I enjoyed the party, but Tom didn't.
I enjoyed the party.
I enjoyed the performance.
I enjoyed the play.
I enjoyed the service.
I enjoyed the show.
I enjoyed the softness of the steamed bun.
I enjoyed the solitude.
I enjoyed the time I spent in Australia with you.
I enjoyed the time I spent with Tom.
I enjoyed the time we spent together.
I enjoyed the video.
I enjoyed the village.
I enjoyed the voyage across the Pacific.
I enjoyed this anime when I was little, and now I have introduced my nieces to it.
I enjoyed this article.
I enjoyed this book so much!
I enjoyed this book very much.
I enjoyed this book.
I enjoyed this conversation.
I enjoyed traveling around Europe.
I enjoyed traveling with you.
I enjoyed visiting Australia.
I enjoyed visiting Boston.
I enjoyed watching TV for two hours.
I enjoyed watching TV yesterday.
I enjoyed watching soccer last night.
I enjoyed watching the Easter Parade.
I enjoyed watching the circus parade.
I enjoyed watching the game.
I enjoyed watching the movie.
I enjoyed watching you fight each other earlier.
I enjoyed working with Mary.
I enjoyed working with Tom in Berlin.
I enjoyed working with Tom last month in Australia.
I enjoyed working with Tom last week in Boston.
I enjoyed working with Tom on that project.
I enjoyed working with Tom.
I enjoyed working with her.
I enjoyed working with him.
I enjoyed working with them.
I enjoyed working with you.
I enjoyed your article.
I enjoyed your company very much.
I enjoyed your company.
I enjoyed your speech.
I enjoyed your video.
I enlarged the letters in the browser.
I enlarged the photos.
I enlarged the text on my computer screen.
I enlisted in the Air Force.
I enlisted in the Space Force.
I enlisted in the navy.
I enlisted voluntarily.
I enlisted.
I enquired of a passer-by which road to take.
I enrolled in a bachelor's program in Letters and Classical Studies (Portuguese and Classical Greek) at Universidade Federal Fluminense, but did not obtain a degree.
I enrolled in a language class online.
I enrolled in an art school when I was eight.
I enter the market.
I enter the room, where I found an old man sleeping.
I enter the room.
I entered Mary's bedroom and saw her asleep in her bed.
I entered Tom's bedroom and saw him asleep in his bed.
I entered Tom's name on the list of candidates.
I entered Tom's office after knocking on the door.
I entered Tom's room.
I entered a coffee shop.
I entered a restaurant and had lunch.
I entered a singing contest sponsored by a pasta company and I made it to the semifinals.
I entered a singing contest.
I entered a speech contest.
I entered among them.
I entered her room.
I entered his room.
I entered my daughter in a girl's school.
I entered my daughter in a girl’s school.
I entered my house.
I entered someone else's room by mistake.
I entered someone else’s room by mistake.
I entered the aisle and saw her.
I entered the bookstore on the way.
I entered the building.
I entered the cafe to get something to drink.
I entered the café to get something to drink.
I entered the car workshop.
I entered the cave cautiously.
I entered the cave, too.
I entered the cave.
I entered the contest.
I entered the elevator.
I entered the forest.
I entered the highway.
I entered the house and saw a horrible scene.
I entered the house.
I entered the jungle.
I entered the museum through the wrong gate. I should have been more careful.
I entered the new office.
I entered the park.
I entered the password.
I entered the pond.
I entered the restaurant and had lunch.
I entered the room and shook hands with him.
I entered the room, which was full of people.
I entered the room.
I entered the school in regular clothes.
I entered the school.
I entered the shop, and a clerk said, "May I help you?"
I entered the store of Alexander.
I entered the vehicle.
I entered their room.
I entered this contest and wrote a jingle for them about rescue animals and I won $100,000.
I entered this school two years ago.
I entered without anyone seeing me.
I entered your room.
I entertained a shrewd suspicion that he would have preferred his mother to increase his allowance, which would have enabled him to have a home of his own.
I entertained the children.
I enthusiastically accepted.
I entice the enemy by imitating the mating call of a human female: "Ah, I'm so lonely, so lonely!"
I entirely approve of what you say.
I entreat you to go and see him.
I entreat your pardon.
I entrusted my money to Tom.
I entrusted my money to him.
I entrusted my property to Tom.
I entrusted my property to him.
I entrusted my property to the lawyer.
I entrusted my wife with the family finances.
I envied John. He not only attracted the unadulterated attention of every lady within his immediate vicinity, his educational performance was world-renowned as the cream of the crop.
I envied Silya.
I envied Tom his good fortune.
I envied him his good fortune.
I envied him his new house.
I envied his new house.
I envisage such a time when I could order a Schnitzel without disdain for my bad German.
I envision a future where we conquer challenges together, growing stronger as a team.
I envision us wrapped in each other's arms.
I envy Tom his independence.
I envy Tom his luck.
I envy Tom's abilities.
I envy Tom's ability to just move to another country whenever he wants, without having to worry about medications, doctors, etc..
I envy Tom's good fortune.
I envy Tom's good luck.
I envy Tom's job.
I envy Tom's lifestyle.
I envy Tom's luck.
I envy Tom's position.
I envy Tom's songwriting ability.
I envy Tom's way of life.
I envy Tom's way of living.
I envy Tom.
I envy her.
I envy him his luck.
I envy him.
I envy his calves and thighs; they're so thick and strong.
I envy it.
I envy the friendship Tom and Mary have.
I envy the way Tom can talk to girls.
I envy the way Tom is able to get people to seriously consider his ideas.
I envy the way that Tom can talk to girls.
I envy the way that Tom is able to get people to seriously consider his ideas.
I envy the way that you and Tom get along.
I envy the way you and Tom get along.
I envy the way you can do that.
I envy the world you live in.
I envy them.
I envy you and Tom.
I envy you so much.
I envy you your beauty.
I envy you your luck.
I envy you your optimism.
I envy you your peace of mind.
I envy you your power of imagination.
I envy you your success.
I envy you your talent.
I envy you.
I envy your beauty.
I envy your good health.
I envy your hair.
I envy your life.
I envy your lifestyle - living day-to-day like that.
I envy your luck.
I envy your optimism.
I envy your patience.
I envy your power of imagination.
I envy your strength.
I envy your success.
I envy your talent.
I erased all the evidence.
I erased my hard disk by accident.
I erased my name off the list.
I erased my name.
I erased one.
I erased the blackboard for the teacher.
I erected a stone house.
I erred in the calculation.
I erred in thinking him trustworthy.
I escaped Boston.
I escaped death.
I escaped from my husband.
I escaped from prison.
I escaped from the detention center.
I escaped from the fire with nothing but the clothes on my back.
I escaped from the sinking boat with difficulty.
I escaped the accident by the skin of my teeth.
I escaped the house.
I escaped to Australia under the alias of Tom Jackson.
I escaped unharmed from my drunken father's sexual advances.
I escaped upstairs.
I escaped.
I escorted my daughter to the school.
I especially like cloudy skies, why? I don't know.
I especially like licorice.
I especially like the flavour of the mushroom.
I especially like the smell of lilacs.
I especially like your chocolate cake.
I especially liked the last song you sang.
I especially liked the way you sang the second song.
I especially love painting in watercolour.
I especially want to thank our record-breaking sales team.
I established boundaries for her.
I esteem it an honor to address this audience.
I estimate that the work will cost more than $10,000.
I estimate that we'll need two days to finish the work.
I estimate that we’ll need two days to finish the work.
I estimate the production costs to be 36 percent of the budget.
I estimated it would take three hours.
I estimated it would take us three hours to do that.
I even considered raping her but never meant to do that for real.
I even knew your great-great-grandfather.
I even made Tom laugh.
I even missed Mom's bossiness.
I even remembered to bring an umbrella today.
I even spoke Berber on an American TV program.
I even surprise myself sometimes.
I even surprised myself sometimes.
I even thought that I could not live without her friendship.
I even tried writing a song about what happened.
I even use Berber with my girlfriend who is obviously an Arabic speaker.
I even wanted to shake his hand, but then I remembered that I had killed a man.
I even work on Sundays.
I even wrote Tom a letter.
I even wrote a letter to Tom.
I even wrote a letter to her.
I even wrote a letter to him.
I even wrote a letter to them.
I even wrote a speech just in case I was asked to give one.
I eventually agreed.
I eventually collapsed.
I eventually did that.
I eventually died.
I eventually found out who did that.
I eventually got caught.
I eventually got to the camping spot.
I eventually got used to it.
I eventually got used to living alone.
I eventually got used to the cold.
I eventually got used to the noise.
I eventually got used to the smell.
I eventually left Australia.
I eventually left Boston.
I eventually left the village.
I eventually located Tom's house.
I eventually moved to the village.
I eventually reached home.
I eventually settled in the village.
I eventually turned myself in.
I eventually want to be fluent in French.
I eventually want to be fluent in German.
I eventually want to become fluent in French.
I eventually want to become regional manager.
I eventually wound up in Australia.
I eventually wound up in Boston.
I evidently don't get out enough.
I exacerbated the problem.
I exactly knew where to find Tom.
I exactly know what people like them want.
I exaggerated a little.
I exaggerated.
I examined one.
I examined the purse again, and found it empty.
I examined the skulls.
I exceed you in height.
I exceeded my limits.
I exchange letters with her.
I exchanged a camera for a guitar.
I exchanged places with Tom.
I exchanged seats with Tom.
I exchanged seats with her.
I exchanged some yen for dollars at the bank.
I exchanged stamps with him.
I exchanged yen for dollars.
I excited her.
I exclusively drink bottled water.
I excused myself and left the room.
I excused myself and left.
I excused myself for a minute.
I excused myself for being late.
I excused myself from the table.
I excused myself suddenly.
I excused myself.
I exempted her from working overtime.
I exercise almost every day.
I exercise because I want to stay healthy.
I exercise during the day and at night, but I prefer to exercise in the morning.
I exercise every day.
I exercise for 1 hour every day.
I exercise for an hour every day.
I exercise for an hour every morning.
I exercise for two hours every day.
I exercise my rights.
I exercise to relieve stress.
I exercise whenever I can.
I exercise whenever I get a chance to.
I exercise.
I exercised like I used to, and now I'm all worn out.
I exercised.
I exerted myself to pass the examination.
I exhaled.
I exhausted myself by walking a long distance.
I exist to drive important transformations.
I exist.
I exist. This is very good in my eyes.
I existed yesterday, I exist today, tomorrow is a mystery!
I exited the store as quickly as I could.
I exited through the back door.
I expand my knowledge by reading books.
I expanded the house.
I expect I won't get an answer, but I'll ask anyway.
I expect I'll have to buy that for Tom.
I expect I'll have to do that for Tom.
I expect I'll swim.
I expect Mary has her reasons for doing that.
I expect Mary to take care of herself.
I expect Tom and Mary have their reasons for doing that.
I expect Tom and Mary to take care of themselves.
I expect Tom back by 2:30.
I expect Tom back shortly.
I expect Tom back soon.
I expect Tom has his reasons for doing that.
I expect Tom is crying right now.
I expect Tom to agree to do that.
I expect Tom to be back by 2:30.
I expect Tom to be back on Monday.
I expect Tom to be back on October 20th.
I expect Tom to be here before lunch.
I expect Tom to be here by 2:30.
I expect Tom to be here tomorrow.
I expect Tom to be here tonight.
I expect Tom to be late.
I expect Tom to be on time.
I expect Tom to be there.
I expect Tom to cry.
I expect Tom to do that for me.
I expect Tom to do that later today.
I expect Tom to do that on Monday.
I expect Tom to do that on October 20th.
I expect Tom to do that tomorrow.
I expect Tom to do that.
I expect Tom to explain to me his behavior.
I expect Tom to get here on time.
I expect Tom to get home on Monday.
I expect Tom to go to Australia.
I expect Tom to go to Boston.
I expect Tom to help me do that.
I expect Tom to help me.
I expect Tom to help us do that.
I expect Tom to help us.
I expect Tom to help.
I expect Tom to leave at about 2:30 this afternoon.
I expect Tom to leave early today.
I expect Tom to participate.
I expect Tom to pass the examination.
I expect Tom to pass the test.
I expect Tom to stay in Australia until Monday.
I expect Tom to stay in Boston until Monday.
I expect Tom to take care of himself.
I expect Tom to wait.
I expect Tom to win.
I expect Tom will be a finalist.
I expect Tom will be back soon.
I expect Tom will be late.
I expect Tom will be seeing Mary again this evening.
I expect Tom will do that at about 2:30.
I expect Tom will do that tomorrow.
I expect Tom will do that.
I expect Tom will get home at about 2:30.
I expect Tom will go to Australia next month.
I expect Tom will go to Boston next month.
I expect Tom will help us.
I expect Tom will know what to do.
I expect Tom will pass the examination.
I expect Tom will swim.
I expect Tom will win.
I expect Tom won't swim.
I expect Tom won't want to do that.
I expect a detailed report.
I expect a lot from Tom.
I expect a lot from him.
I expect a lot from our meeting.
I expect a lot from you.
I expect a lot out of myself.
I expect a lot.
I expect a phone call this morning.
I expect a subway station will be here in the future.
I expect a tough fight.
I expect a very good crowd.
I expect all three of you to do the same thing I'm doing.
I expect an apology.
I expect details.
I expect every day is chaos for families with small children.
I expect everybody will do that tomorrow.
I expect everyone knows what this means.
I expect everyone to work hard.
I expect everyone will do that tomorrow.
I expect everything from life.
I expect everything will go according to plan.
I expect he'll pass the examination.
I expect her back by six o'clock.
I expect her back by six o’clock.
I expect her to come back before lunch.
I expect her to pass the examination easily.
I expect he’ll pass the examination.
I expect high-quality work.
I expect him to be here by three.
I expect him to come along any day now.
I expect him to come at any moment.
I expect him to come every moment.
I expect him to come soon.
I expect him to come to our aid.
I expect him to come.
I expect him to get over the shock of his failure.
I expect him to help me.
I expect him to pass the examination.
I expect him to take care of my younger brother.
I expect it to be a lot of fun.
I expect it'll start raining soon.
I expect it's his lousy personality that drives off the ladies.
I expect it’s his lousy personality that drives off the ladies.
I expect much better.
I expect much of him.
I expect no special treatment.
I expect nothing in return.
I expect nothing less than perfection.
I expect respect in every interaction I have.
I expect she slammed the door in your face.
I expect some people will disagree with this.
I expect that I will see him on Monday.
I expect that I'll do that.
I expect that I'll have to do that for Tom.
I expect that Mary will wait until Tom gets there before she starts doing that.
I expect that Mary won't do what you want her to do.
I expect that Tom and Mary are doing that right now.
I expect that Tom and Mary are eating right now.
I expect that Tom and Mary will wait until John gets there before they start doing that.
I expect that Tom and Mary won't do what you want them to do.
I expect that Tom is crying right now.
I expect that Tom is doing that right now.
I expect that Tom is eating right now.
I expect that Tom will be late.
I expect that Tom will be ready to leave by the time we get there.
I expect that Tom will cry.
I expect that Tom will do more.
I expect that Tom will do that before we get there.
I expect that Tom will do that tomorrow.
I expect that Tom will do that.
I expect that Tom will eat before he comes.
I expect that Tom will go to Australia next month.
I expect that Tom will pass the exam.
I expect that Tom will swim.
I expect that Tom will wait until Mary gets there before he starts doing that.
I expect that Tom will win.
I expect that Tom won't do that.
I expect that Tom won't do what you want him to do.
I expect that Tom won't swim.
I expect that Tom won't win.
I expect that as well.
I expect that everybody will do that tomorrow.
I expect that everyone will do that tomorrow.
I expect that he will help us.
I expect that he will pass the exam.
I expect that in the far future, you will know about every day.
I expect that to continue.
I expect the U.S. to be hypocritical, and am not surprised when it happens.
I expect the best.
I expect the board to issue a new directive that cancels the old one.
I expect the rest of the money by the end of the day.
I expect the truth from you.
I expect the worst.
I expect there'll be an underground station here in the future.
I expect this is your first time for this.
I expect this time things will go more smoothly.
I expect this to continue happening.
I expect to be a farmer like my father.
I expect to be back before 2:30.
I expect to be back by 2:30.
I expect to be back by the 20th.
I expect to be back next Monday.
I expect to be busy.
I expect to be called away soon.
I expect to be done with training this week.
I expect to be home by 2:30.
I expect to be in Australia soon.
I expect to be in Boston soon.
I expect to be in Zurich by the end of this month.
I expect to be paid for doing this.
I expect to be paid for this work by tomorrow.
I expect to be paid.
I expect to be regarded with seriousness.
I expect to be very successful in my studies.
I expect to come.
I expect to do it soon.
I expect to do that soon.
I expect to do that tomorrow.
I expect to get there on time.
I expect to hear from Tom soon.
I expect to receive an email from the company today.
I expect to see Mr Jones next week.
I expect to see Tom again next month.
I expect to see Tom next week.
I expect to see Tom next weekend.
I expect to see her again next summer.
I expect to sing better next time.
I expect to stay in Australia a month or two.
I expect to stay in Boston a day or so.
I expect to take a vacation in May.
I expect to take a vacation in October.
I expect to win today's race.
I expect to win.
I expect you all to do your best.
I expect you can tell from the quoted text, but this is a book written in a colloquial style.
I expect you had a hard time finding this house.
I expect you know all about it.
I expect you realised that without being conscious of it.
I expect you to arrive on time.
I expect you to arrive punctually.
I expect you to be here by 2:30.
I expect you to be on time.
I expect you to be punctual.
I expect you to be ready by 2:30.
I expect you to be there on time.
I expect you to be there.
I expect you to behave like an adult.
I expect you to do that right away.
I expect you to do that today.
I expect you to do that.
I expect you to do the same thing I did.
I expect you to do the same thing I'm doing.
I expect you to do the same thing Tom did.
I expect you to do the same thing Tom does.
I expect you to do your best.
I expect you to follow my orders.
I expect you to get back home in time for Tom's birthday party.
I expect you to give me an answer by this afternoon.
I expect you to help.
I expect you to keep the appointment.
I expect you to make all the necessary arrangements.
I expect you to pay off all your debts.
I expect you to reply.
I expect you to tell me the truth.
I expect you to treat Tom with respect.
I expect you to wait.
I expect you to work harder.
I expect you to work on Saturday.
I expect you to write good academic papers.
I expect you'll be able to buy as many of those as you want.
I expect you're right.
I expect you've chanted "kuwabara kuwabara" after a lightning flash, or have seen somebody do so.
I expect your help.
I expect you’ve chanted "kuwabara kuwabara" after a lightning flash, or have seen somebody do so.
I expected Mary to call, but she didn't.
I expected Mary to do that, but she didn't.
I expected Mary to get home on Monday, but she's still in Boston.
I expected Tom and Mary to do that, but they didn't.
I expected Tom and Mary to do the same thing I did.
I expected Tom and Mary to get home on Monday, but they're still in Boston.
I expected Tom to agree to do that.
I expected Tom to agree with me.
I expected Tom to at least offer to help.
I expected Tom to be alone.
I expected Tom to be at my party.
I expected Tom to be happy.
I expected Tom to be here earlier.
I expected Tom to be here.
I expected Tom to be late.
I expected Tom to be more friendly.
I expected Tom to be more polite.
I expected Tom to be politer.
I expected Tom to be there.
I expected Tom to bring his girlfriend to the party.
I expected Tom to call, but he didn't.
I expected Tom to come earlier.
I expected Tom to cry.
I expected Tom to do more for us.
I expected Tom to do more.
I expected Tom to do that for me.
I expected Tom to do that on Monday.
I expected Tom to do that on October 20th.
I expected Tom to do that yesterday.
I expected Tom to do that, but he didn't.
I expected Tom to do that.
I expected Tom to do the same thing I did.
I expected Tom to drop by for a visit.
I expected Tom to finish first.
I expected Tom to get home on Monday, but he's still in Australia.
I expected Tom to get home on Monday, but he's still in Boston.
I expected Tom to give up.
I expected Tom to go swimming with us yesterday.
I expected Tom to help me paint the ceiling.
I expected Tom to help me.
I expected Tom to help us do that.
I expected Tom to help us.
I expected Tom to know how to do that.
I expected Tom to leave early yesterday morning.
I expected Tom to make the team.
I expected Tom to offer to help.
I expected Tom to participate.
I expected Tom to speak better French.
I expected Tom to win the race.
I expected Tom to win.
I expected Tom would be late.
I expected Tom wouldn't do anything.
I expected Yoko to give up smoking.
I expected a better explanation.
I expected a big crowd.
I expected a bit more cooperation.
I expected a bit more.
I expected a job offer.
I expected a little privacy.
I expected a lot from life.
I expected a lot more from you.
I expected a raise.
I expected better from you, Tom.
I expected better from you.
I expected better of Tom.
I expected better of her.
I expected better of him.
I expected better of you.
I expected better than this.
I expected difficulties.
I expected her to call me.
I expected her to come and visit us this afternoon.
I expected her to have come yesterday.
I expected him to be furious again.
I expected him to come back. It was just a slight tiff.
I expected him to come.
I expected him to fail the exam.
I expected him to love me for so long that you would be surprised.
I expected him to offer some help.
I expected it a bit.
I expected it to be harder to do that.
I expected it to cost more.
I expected it.
I expected more classical features, but hers is a beauty that would do well even in this age.
I expected more from you.
I expected more of Tom.
I expected more.
I expected much less from you.
I expected nothing from people.
I expected problems.
I expected somebody to be there.
I expected someone to be there.
I expected something bad to happen.
I expected something else.
I expected something like that.
I expected something like this might happen.
I expected something like this to happen.
I expected something more from Tom.
I expected something more from you.
I expected something quite different to happen.
I expected such behavior from Tom.
I expected that I would visit him, but I couldn't.
I expected that I would visit him, but I couldn’t.
I expected that Tom wouldn't do anything.
I expected that answer from him.
I expected that from Tom.
I expected that he would come.
I expected that he would visit me.
I expected that to happen.
I expected that.
I expected the concert to last a little longer.
I expected the job to be easier.
I expected the meeting to last longer.
I expected the park to be more crowded.
I expected the test to be easier.
I expected them to tell the truth.
I expected these results.
I expected this question.
I expected this result.
I expected this to be a lot more fun.
I expected this to be more fun.
I expected this to happen sooner.
I expected this to happen yesterday.
I expected this to happen.
I expected this.
I expected to be asked to sing.
I expected to be busier than this.
I expected to be busy.
I expected to be chosen captain.
I expected to be here all afternoon.
I expected to be home by 2:30.
I expected to be paid more than this.
I expected to find Tom here.
I expected to find you in bed.
I expected to finish this work, but I couldn't.
I expected to finish this work, but I couldn’t.
I expected to get a call from him.
I expected to get an A in biology, but I only got a C.
I expected to get here sooner.
I expected to get paid for doing that.
I expected to get paid more than this.
I expected to make new friends when I moved to Australia.
I expected to make new friends when I moved to Boston.
I expected to pay at least thirty dollars.
I expected to see Tom at the party, but he wasn't there.
I expected to see Tom here.
I expected to see Tom yesterday.
I expected to see you there last night.
I expected to travel.
I expected to win the race, but I lost.
I expected worse.
I expected you at 11 o'clock.
I expected you at 2:30.
I expected you home an hour ago.
I expected you home three hours ago.
I expected you thirty minutes ago.
I expected you to be alone.
I expected you to be here for dinner.
I expected you to be here for lunch.
I expected you to betray me.
I expected you to come.
I expected you to do that yesterday.
I expected you to do the same thing I did.
I expected you to get here earlier.
I expected you to say more.
I expected you to stay three months.
I expected you to stay two months.
I experience a sense of rebirth.
I experience a subtle pleasure in suffering.
I experience nausea when I go on too many rides.
I experience relaxation when surrounded by nature.
I experience sadness in the winter months.
I experience tingling in my hands.
I experienced a feeling of antipathy towards the speaker.
I experienced a pain in my leg.
I experienced a sense of well-being and was neither hungry nor thirsty.
I experienced feelings of deep despair.
I experienced horse riding.
I experienced intense cold at the South Pole last year.
I experienced it firsthand.
I experienced it when I was young.
I experienced no struggle in getting what I wanted.
I experienced problems when I tried to grasp what I myself had said.
I experienced real love.
I experienced rejection.
I experienced sexual assault as a child.
I experienced the power of Jesus love.
I experimented on animals.
I experimented with puff pastry pizza by adding a mix of roasted vegetables and goat cheese.
I explain.
I explained briefly to him how it happened.
I explained everything to Tom, but he wouldn't understand.
I explained everything to her.
I explained everything to him.
I explained everything.
I explained him the procedures.
I explained it the best I could.
I explained it to Tom.
I explained it to her.
I explained it to him properly.
I explained it to him, only to make him confused.
I explained it to him.
I explained it to them mathematically.
I explained it.
I explained my predicament.
I explained one.
I explained that in Berber.
I explained the accident to Tom.
I explained the accident to him.
I explained the agreement to Tom.
I explained the importance of knocking on doors.
I explained the incident to Tom.
I explained the lesson.
I explained the matter to Tom.
I explained the matter to him.
I explained the movie.
I explained the mystery to him.
I explained the procedure to Tom.
I explained the procedure to him.
I explained the procedures to him.
I explained the process to Tom.
I explained the process to him.
I explained the reason in detail.
I explained the rule to Tom.
I explained the rule to him.
I explained the rules of the game to him.
I explained the rules of the game to them.
I explained the rules to Tom.
I explained the rules to her.
I explained the situation to Tom.
I explained the situation to him.
I explained the situation, as this, that and such and such, but they just nodded along without showing much interest.
I explained the synonyms of commonly misunderstood words.
I explained to Tom what needed to be done.
I explained to Tom why we had to do it.
I explained to Tom why we had to do that.
I explained to Tom why we had to go to Australia.
I explained to Tom why we had to go to Boston.
I explained to her what the matter was.
I explained to him that we were not responsible for his mistake, but he didn't listen.
I explained to him why he was starting to get on my nerves, and since then he hasn't talked to me.
I explained to the host that I had been delayed by a traffic jam.
I explained to you what to say.
I explained to you why he's not coming.
I explained what happened.
I explained what the matter was.
I explained what the problem was.
I explained why we had to do it.
I explained why we had to do that.
I explicitly told Tom not to do that.
I explicitly told Tom not to sing.
I explore the concept of life's meaning.
I explore the foundation of life itself.
I explored Paris with a friend until 5 in the morning.
I explored every little part of Kabylie.
I explored the cave by myself.
I explored the cave.
I explored the earth.
I explored the enormous house.
I explored the river.
I explored the village.
I exposed Mina.
I exposed myself to danger.
I exposed myself.
I expostulated with him on his dishonesty.
I express my cordial thanks for what you have done for this city.
I express my love for you each day.
I express my love to you sincerely.
I express myself without fear.
I expressed a warm thanks.
I expressed my gratitude for what he did for me.
I expressed my surprise.
I expressed my thanks.
I extend heartfelt congratulations to you and the people of Algeria as you celebrate Independence Day.
I extended my hand to her.
I extended my hand to shake Tom's.
I extended my holiday.
I extracted the money from my pocket.
I eyed Tom's plate.
I face a dilemma.
I face adversity head-on.
I face nothing but hindrances.
I face serious dangers every day.
I faced a dilemma.
I faced a heavy snowfall in Kansas when I went to visit my grandparents.
I faced a traumatic event in my childhood involving sexual violence.
I faced the champion.
I faced the field.
I faced various problems during my childhood.
I faced worse.
I fact-checked Tom on the spot.
I fact-checked Tom.
I fail to see how that's the same.
I fail to see the difference.
I fail to see the reason.
I fail to see what's so amusing.
I fail to see what's so funny.
I fail to see your point.
I fail to see.
I fail to understand his true aim.
I fail to understand how that's going to help.
I fail to understand how these two things are related.
I fail to understand what the problem is.
I fail.
I failed Mathematics for the third time.
I failed after all.
I failed again.
I failed because I never went to any of my classes.
I failed because I was doing it while someone was talking to me.
I failed chemistry.
I failed horribly.
I failed in finding his house.
I failed maths.
I failed miserably.
I failed my blood test.
I failed my chemistry exam.
I failed my driver's test.
I failed my exam.
I failed on purpose.
I failed the Berber test.
I failed the driving test.
I failed the entrance exam.
I failed the exam because I didn't study.
I failed the exam because I didn’t study.
I failed the exam.
I failed the jump.
I failed the test because I didn't study hard enough.
I failed the test because I didn't study.
I failed the test miserably.
I failed the test.
I failed the tests.
I failed the written test.
I failed three times.
I failed to catch the last bus, and came home by taxi.
I failed to come on account of a heavy snowfall.
I failed to find Mary's house.
I failed to find Tom's house.
I failed to get the position I wanted.
I failed to get there in time.
I failed to go there in time.
I failed to go to his birthday party.
I failed to make a cake.
I failed to make my children eat.
I failed to meet my quota today.
I failed to move it for it was very heavy.
I failed to persuade her.
I failed to put film in my camera.
I failed to recall the song's title.
I failed to recall the song’s title.
I failed to understand what was happening.
I failed.
I faint at the sight of blood.
I fainted from the heat, and when I came to, I was in a life raft.
I fainted.
I faked it.
I fall and I plunge down.
I fall asleep by ten o'clock.
I fall asleep easily while watching television.
I fall asleep in the class every now and then.
I fall behind him in this respect.
I fall for it every time.
I fall in love too easily.
I falsely accused him.
I fancied eating an authentic pretzel.
I fancied myself an expert.
I fancied that I heard a noise.
I fancied that he was angry.
I fancied that it would not be very difficult to thrash him, but found that I had made a great mistake.
I fancied that, if one really knew him well, one could have a deep affection for him.
I fancy I know this feeling of relief.
I fancy a pint.
I fancy going to the cinema tomorrow.
I fancy going to the cinema.
I fancy he is a doctor.
I fancy some doughnuts.
I fancy some pasta.
I fancy some tiramisu.
I fancy some traditional bread.
I fancy something Indian for dinner.
I fancy that I heard a noise.
I fancy that most people who think at all have done a great deal of their thinking in the first fourteen years.
I fancy those arrows did not come from your quiver. Who told you how to answer so cleverly?
I fancy we've met before.
I fancy we’ve met before.
I fantasize about a life that doesn't so closely resemble hell.
I fantasized about Janet Jackson.
I fart.
I farted in class and the teacher threw me out.
I farted in class, and the teacher threw me out.
I farted in the car.
I farted.
I fast every day for twenty-three hours.
I fast in Ramadan.
I fasted.
I fastened my belt.
I fastened my seatbelt.
I fastened the box tight with a rope so that it wouldn't break up.
I fastened the box tight with a rope so that it wouldn’t break up.
I favor buying pre-owned cars.
I favor experiences I'm used to.
I favored the hypothesis.
I faxed Mary the information she asked for.
I faxed Tom a copy of my receipt.
I faxed Tom a copy of the contract.
I faxed Tom the information he asked for.
I faxed a map to Tom.
I faxed a map to her.
I faxed a map to him.
I faxed a map to them.
I fear Allah.
I fear God, and making mistakes.
I fear I'll be dismissed from my job.
I fear Tom is dead.
I fear abandonment.
I fear catching that serious illness.
I fear death.
I fear disappointing those around me.
I fear everything.
I fear for Tom's safety.
I fear for my life.
I fear for the future of humanity.
I fear for the future of mankind.
I fear for the worst.
I fear for your safety.
I fear having remorse.
I fear he's plotting against me.
I fear his reaction.
I fear it's rather rude to speak the truth.
I fear making a commitment and regretting it later.
I fear making errors.
I fear my loose tongue has belied any pretentions I had of sagacity.
I fear neither his violence nor his weapons.
I fear night will catch me here.
I fear no one.
I fear nothing.
I fear she thinks I've forgotten her.
I fear so.
I fear solitude.
I fear something bad will happen.
I fear something may have happened to her.
I fear something may have happened to him.
I fear that I might not be able to help you.
I fear that Tom will run away from his responsibilities again.
I fear that he may be late for the train.
I fear that he may fall.
I fear that he may not fall.
I fear that is the truth.
I fear that it will rain tomorrow.
I fear that she won't want me to go on holidays in July.
I fear that something bad will happen.
I fear that the ghost exists. It has been well known for three centuries, since 1584 in fact, and always makes its appearance before the death of any member of our family.
I fear that there would be complications.
I fear that there's been some misunderstanding.
I fear that this generation will never appreciate those moments where we can physically spend time together, and not just through a screen.
I fear that this may be partly true.
I fear that we are late.
I fear the dark.
I fear the darkness.
I fear the day when technology will surpass our human interaction. The world will have a generation of idiots.
I fear the problem won't slide or slip.
I fear the raised seat.
I fear the rooster.
I fear the wife.
I fear the woman.
I fear the worst.
I fear there aren't many people in the audience who have the same viewpoint.
I fear there has been some misunderstanding.
I fear there would be complications.
I fear there's been some misunderstanding.
I fear they're going to split up.
I fear this has come too late for us.
I fear this won't end well.
I fear this work will take up most of my time.
I fear tomorrow, I fear the tomb, I fear what cannot come back.
I fear we are too late.
I fear we may have a problem.
I fear we're too late.
I fear what may happen should Tom find out the truth.
I feared Tom was dead.
I feared clowns as a child.
I feared for my life.
I feared for my safety.
I feared of the first day.
I feared that I might be late for the bus.
I feared the dark.
I feared the worst.
I feared they might injure themselves.
I feared this would happen.
I feasted on bread and pepper.
I fed Tom's dog while he was out of town.
I fed jellyfish at the aquarium.
I fed my dog what I thought was good quality dog food.
I fed my dog.
I fed some meat to my dog.
I fed the cat.
I fed the chickens every morning before I went to school.
I fed the chickens.
I fed the dog about an hour ago.
I fed the dog.
I fed the dogs about an hour ago.
I fed the dogs.
I fed the goats.
I fed the horse.
I fed the horses.
I fed the leftovers to my dog.
I fed the pigs and poultry.
I fed the pigs and the chickens.
I fed the pigs.
I fed your fish for you.
I feed a goose.
I feed data into a computer.
I feed meat to my dog.
I feed my cat every morning and every evening.
I feed my cat in the morning and in the evening.
I feed my cats at least twice a day.
I feed my dog at the same time every day.
I feed my dog in the morning.
I feed my dog just before I eat dinner.
I feed my dog meat at least once a week.
I feed my dog once a day.
I feed my dog twice a day.
I feed my dog two cups of dog food every evening.
I feed my hares with grass.
I feed myself.
I feel Algerian.
I feel Coke.
I feel I can do that.
I feel I can help.
I feel I can tell you anything.
I feel I can trust you.
I feel I can't breathe.
I feel I could do anything.
I feel I could have done better.
I feel I could've done better.
I feel I have been hit by a truck.
I feel I have to do that.
I feel I made a mistake.
I feel I must do something.
I feel I need a whole new lexicon, as my language fails me.
I feel I ought to leave.
I feel I owe you an explanation.
I feel I should at least get some use out of it.
I feel I should help you.
I feel I was able to get back to nature on this trip.
I feel I was taken for a ride.
I feel I'm a good person.
I feel I'm growing out of pop music.
I feel I'm playing Russian roulette with my life.
I feel I'm ready to take my shahada.
I feel I'm wasting my time here.
I feel I'm wasting my time.
I feel I've already won.
I feel I've been betrayed!
I feel I’m growing out of pop music.
I feel I’m oversleeping these days.
I feel I’ve been betrayed!
I feel OK about it.
I feel OK.
I feel Tom and I are going to get better.
I feel Tom knows something.
I feel Tom's presence here.
I feel a big difference.
I feel a bit better today.
I feel a bit cold.
I feel a bit depressed.
I feel a bit dizzy.
I feel a bit embarrassed about the mistake.
I feel a bit feverish tonight.
I feel a bit hungry.
I feel a bit jealous.
I feel a bit lonely.
I feel a bit nauseous.
I feel a bit nervous.
I feel a bit relieved.
I feel a bit ridiculous.
I feel a bit scared.
I feel a bit shy.
I feel a bit sleepy.
I feel a bit sluggish.
I feel a bit sorry for Tom.
I feel a bit strange today.
I feel a bit stressed.
I feel a bit thirsty.
I feel a bit tired.
I feel a bit uncomfortable.
I feel a bit uneasy.
I feel a bit upset now.
I feel a bit vulnerable.
I feel a bit weak.
I feel a bit wobbly.
I feel a bit woozy.
I feel a bit worried.
I feel a bond with him.
I feel a burning in my stomach.
I feel a change within me.
I feel a chill seeing the blizzard outside.
I feel a connection with you.
I feel a dark presence.
I feel a deep affection for you.
I feel a deep connection to him.
I feel a deep love for Japan.
I feel a draft.
I feel a good cry coming on.
I feel a great bond with him.
I feel a great deal of regret.
I feel a great joy for this job.
I feel a great love for all of humanity.
I feel a great sadness.
I feel a guilty conscience when I think only of myself.
I feel a headache coming on.
I feel a lack of confidence because I still have a ton of things to do.
I feel a little awkward.
I feel a little bad today.
I feel a little better now after crying all I had.
I feel a little better now.
I feel a little better this morning.
I feel a little better.
I feel a little bit better.
I feel a little bit disappointed.
I feel a little bit dizzy.
I feel a little bit hungry.
I feel a little bit uncomfortable.
I feel a little breathless.
I feel a little carsick.
I feel a little closer to Tom now.
I feel a little confused.
I feel a little dazed.
I feel a little disappointed.
I feel a little dizzy.
I feel a little drowsy.
I feel a little foolish now.
I feel a little guilty that I didn't invite him to join the celebration.
I feel a little guilty that I didn’t invite him to join the celebration.
I feel a little guilty.
I feel a little hot.
I feel a little hungry.
I feel a little hurt.
I feel a little indisposed.
I feel a little insecure.
I feel a little intimidated.
I feel a little jealous.
I feel a little less scared now.
I feel a little lightheaded.
I feel a little nauseous, but I'm unable to throw up.
I feel a little nervous.
I feel a little overdressed.
I feel a little responsible.
I feel a little scared now.
I feel a little scared.
I feel a little sleepy.
I feel a little sore.
I feel a little sorry for him.
I feel a little tipsy.
I feel a little tired now.
I feel a little tired.
I feel a little uncomfortable bringing this up, but I love you.
I feel a little uncomfortable.
I feel a little under the weather today.
I feel a little underdressed.
I feel a little uneasy about Tom.
I feel a little unwell.
I feel a little vulnerable.
I feel a little weak today.
I feel a little weak.
I feel a little weird.
I feel a little woozy.
I feel a little worried.
I feel a lot better now, but I know Dad's going to be real upset.
I feel a lot better now, but I know Dad’s going to be real upset.
I feel a lot better now, thanks.
I feel a lot better now.
I feel a lot better than before.
I feel a lot better today.
I feel a lot better.
I feel a lot closer to Tom now.
I feel a lot more confident now.
I feel a lot of excitement about my birthday coming up.
I feel a lot safer now.
I feel a pain deep inside my heart.
I feel a pain here.
I feel a pain in my back.
I feel a pain in the back.
I feel a sense of duty.
I feel a sense of regret for my past actions.
I feel a sense of shame.
I feel a sharp pain when I bend my knee.
I feel a sort of longing, but for what, I don't know.
I feel a sort of spasm in my left leg.
I feel a strange presence in my house.
I feel a strong affinity for her.
I feel a strong attachment to this house.
I feel a strong attraction to the music of Beethoven.
I feel a strong desire to embrace my true identity.
I feel a terrible loneliness.
I feel a thousand times better today.
I feel a ting of sadness coming all through my mind.
I feel a ting of sadness getting all through me.
I feel a tinge of sadness taking all over my mind.
I feel a tingling in my hand.
I feel a true connection to God for the first time.
I feel a very bad vibe about this place.
I feel a wave of sadness coming over me.
I feel a whole lot better today.
I feel a whole lot better.
I feel a whole lot calmer.
I feel a yearning for the university.
I feel abandoned by the only woman I love.
I feel abashed at my mistake.
I feel absolutely nothing at all.
I feel accomplished, even though my eyes are heavy.
I feel admiration for his talent.
I feel agitated.
I feel alienated from my family.
I feel alive.
I feel all hopeful about...
I feel all right.
I feel all warm and fuzzy.
I feel almost myself again.
I feel alone beside my husband.
I feel alone even when you're beside me.
I feel alone in the world.
I feel alone inside.
I feel alone without Tom.
I feel alone without her.
I feel alone without him.
I feel alone, you know.
I feel alone. That's why I have so many friends on Facebook.
I feel always restricted here.
I feel amazing thanks to Tom's special orange juice.
I feel amazing!
I feel amazing.
I feel an army in my fist.
I feel an aversion toward all this exhibitionism.
I feel an obligation to intervene.
I feel an overbearing emptiness inside of me.
I feel angry.
I feel anguish knowing you were unfaithful.
I feel annoyance towards your person.
I feel anxious about letting Mary go just by herself, so would you go with her, Tom?
I feel anxious for some reason.
I feel apathetic.
I feel as I can rely on things now.
I feel as good as I've ever felt.
I feel as if I am laging behind.
I feel as if I could fly.
I feel as if I knew nothing about Esperanto.
I feel as if I know you.
I feel as if I was between a rock and a hard place.
I feel as if I were aboard a great ship.
I feel as if I were another person.
I feel as if I were dreaming.
I feel as if I'm alone.
I feel as if I'm catching cold.
I feel as if I'm getting a cold.
I feel as if I'm in control of the situation.
I feel as if I'm not wanted.
I feel as if I've been here before.
I feel as if I've been reborn.
I feel as if I've been thrown into oblivion.
I feel as if I've known Tom for ever.
I feel as if I've known Tom for years.
I feel as if I've woken up from a nightmare.
I feel as if I’ve woken up from a nightmare.
I feel as if the band had never experienced major problems.
I feel as if we have already met.
I feel as if we've already met.
I feel as light as air.
I feel as old as Methuselah.
I feel as old as the hills.
I feel as sick as a dog.
I feel as though I haven't slept for days.
I feel as though I understand.
I feel as though I'm on vacation already.
I feel as though I've committed rape, although I know that that makes no sense.
I feel as though I've seen you somewhere before. Could that be?
I feel as though there are never enough hours in the day to get everything done.
I feel as tired as if I'd walked dozens of kilometres.
I feel ashamed for living on now.
I feel ashamed of having lost my temper.
I feel ashamed that I got such bad marks in the examination.
I feel ashamed.
I feel at ease about it.
I feel at ease around Tom.
I feel at ease around him.
I feel at ease.
I feel at home here.
I feel at home in this room.
I feel at home throughout Scandinavia, but I feel most at home in Norway.
I feel at home whenever the unknown surrounds me.
I feel at home.
I feel at one with the universe.
I feel at peace again.
I feel at peace here.
I feel at peace in your presence.
I feel at peace when I'm in nature.
I feel at peace with myself now.
I feel at peace.
I feel awful about forgetting your birthday.
I feel awful about it.
I feel awful about that.
I feel awful about what I said.
I feel awful.
I feel awful. I think I need to be sick.
I feel awfully dizzy.
I feel awfully lonely.
I feel awfully sorry for you.
I feel awfully stupid.
I feel awkward about asking him again.
I feel awkward here.
I feel awkward in his presence.
I feel awkward right now.
I feel bad I do not know who I am.
I feel bad about having made you wait so long.
I feel bad about hitting Tom.
I feel bad about it.
I feel bad about kicking Tom.
I feel bad about leaving early.
I feel bad about leaving my old workplace behind. I learned a lot there.
I feel bad about lying to Tom.
I feel bad about lying to him.
I feel bad about lying.
I feel bad about missing that, so bad that it's taken me a while to email you.
I feel bad about not having gone to his funeral.
I feel bad about our misunderstanding.
I feel bad about ruining your party.
I feel bad about shooting Tom.
I feel bad about skipping class.
I feel bad about that.
I feel bad about the way things happened.
I feel bad about this.
I feel bad about what I did.
I feel bad about what I said.
I feel bad about what I've done.
I feel bad about what happened.
I feel bad and I am not even the person who gets bent out of shape by celebrities.
I feel bad because of difficulties.
I feel bad enough already.
I feel bad for Tom.
I feel bad for being unfair to him because I was mad.
I feel bad for everybody.
I feel bad for her.
I feel bad for him.
I feel bad for people that try to be professional on the internet.
I feel bad for saying that.
I feel bad for that guy.
I feel bad for them.
I feel bad for those people.
I feel bad for what I did.
I feel bad for you, Tom.
I feel bad that I can't come today.
I feel bad that I haven't paid you yet.
I feel bad that I refused to help him.
I feel bad that Tom and Mary aren't here.
I feel bad that Tom isn't here.
I feel bad that she failed the examination.
I feel bad today.
I feel bad.
I feel badly that she failed her test.
I feel beholden.
I feel below par.
I feel best when I'm playing guitar.
I feel betrayed, and that causes me pain.
I feel betrayed, but I still like her.
I feel betrayed.
I feel better after that.
I feel better already.
I feel better at the thought of making some progress.
I feel better every day.
I feel better for now.
I feel better in the meantime.
I feel better in well-known situations.
I feel better now in the morning.
I feel better now, I could no longer keep certain things inside.
I feel better now.
I feel better than I did.
I feel better than before.
I feel better than ever.
I feel better than yesterday.
I feel better today than yesterday.
I feel better today, but I am not well enough to work.
I feel better today, but I'm not feeling well enough to go to work.
I feel better today, but I'm not well enough to work.
I feel better today.
I feel better when I drink hot lemon juice.
I feel better when I’m not interacting with people.
I feel better when you're with me.
I feel better.
I feel black (in color).
I feel blessed to be a Muslim.
I feel blessed.
I feel bloated after eating a plate of Pad Thai.
I feel bloated.
I feel blue.
I feel bored out of my mind.
I feel bored.
I feel both excited and anxious about my birthday coming up.
I feel broken.
I feel burdened by expectations in our relationship.
I feel calm and relaxed.
I feel cautious about trusting you with my heart.
I feel certain Tom will do that.
I feel certain of it.
I feel certain that Tom will do that.
I feel cheated.
I feel cheerful.
I feel cheese is best eaten on pizza.
I feel chilled to the bone today.
I feel chills.
I feel clean after taking a bath.
I feel closer to you than ever.
I feel cold now.
I feel cold this morning.
I feel cold without a jacket.
I feel cold.
I feel cold. Do you mind closing the window?
I feel cold. Would you shut the window, please?
I feel comfortable around Tom.
I feel comfortable around her.
I feel comfortable around him.
I feel comfortable being naked in front of you, since we're friends.
I feel comfortable here.
I feel comfortable in awkward situations.
I feel comfortable in her company.
I feel comfortable in here.
I feel comfortable in his company.
I feel comfortable in my place of work.
I feel comfortable with him.
I feel comfortable.
I feel compassion for him.
I feel compassion for you.
I feel compelled to do that.
I feel completely disoriented.
I feel completely fluent in Berber.
I feel completely helpless.
I feel completely isolated here.
I feel completely lost without you.
I feel completely refreshed after spending a week in the country.
I feel completely restored after a week in the country.
I feel completely useless here.
I feel confident again.
I feel confident.
I feel confined, only free to expand myself within boundaries.
I feel confused about what I think.
I feel confused, but I don't know why.
I feel connected to nature and the cycles of life.
I feel connected.
I feel cooler already.
I feel cooler now.
I feel cooler standing in the shade, rather than out in the sun.
I feel dark.
I feel dead inside.
I feel dead tired.
I feel dead.
I feel deep sympathy for you.
I feel deeply for you.
I feel depressed already.
I feel depressed because there are a lot of things I have to do.
I feel depressed because there were a lot of things I had to do.
I feel depressed often.
I feel depressed when I am stuck in traffic.
I feel depressed whenever I'm stuck in traffic.
I feel depressed.
I feel deprived of dignity and raped.
I feel different after I've been in Tom's house, like a portion of my mind that was previously busy finding ways for me to enjoy myself when I didn't have to be working is now fully focused on thinking about stoats all day long, and indeed I find that much more efficient, for stoats entertain me now every moment without fail.
I feel different from my family.
I feel different from others.
I feel different today.
I feel different.
I feel differently about this.
I feel differently now.
I feel differently.
I feel disappointed by myself when I don’t meet my goals.
I feel disappointed when I procrastinate instead of taking action.
I feel disconnected from my body's movements.
I feel disenchanted by the limited capacity of the computer.
I feel disgusted with myself.
I feel dizzy all the time.
I feel dizzy already.
I feel dizzy and lose consciousness.
I feel dizzy every time I get up.
I feel dizzy every time I stand up.
I feel dizzy right now.
I feel dizzy.
I feel dizzy. I need to sit down for a few minutes.
I feel dizzy. I think I'm going to faint.
I feel dizzy. The whole world is spinning around.
I feel doing this is wrong.
I feel down during the wintertime.
I feel down in the dumps today.
I feel drained by the constant repetition.
I feel drawn to you like a magnet.
I feel drowsy again.
I feel drowsy.
I feel dull inside.
I feel ecstatic, I want you close to me all the time, I will never leave you.
I feel embarrassed just thinking about it.
I feel embarrassed speaking in another language.
I feel embarrassed taking off my clothes in front of others.
I feel embarrassed when I meet somebody for the first time.
I feel embarrassed when I speak in front of people.
I feel embarrassed, too.
I feel emotional today.
I feel emotionally drained.
I feel empowered.
I feel empty inside.
I feel empty.
I feel energetic and happy.
I feel envious of people able to speak English skilfully.
I feel envious of people able to speak skilfully in English.
I feel envious of people able to speak skilfully in the English language.
I feel envious of people able to speak the English language skilfully.
I feel envious of you.
I feel envious of your success.
I feel especially good today.
I feel even lonelier now.
I feel everything is ready.
I feel everything is wrong.
I feel exactly the opposite.
I feel exactly the same as Mr Isoda.
I feel exactly the same as Mr. Isoda.
I feel exactly the same as Tom.
I feel exactly the same thing.
I feel exactly the same way I did three years ago.
I feel exactly the same way about that.
I feel exactly the same way as you do about all this.
I feel exactly the same way as you do.
I feel exactly the same way.
I feel exceedingly thirsty.
I feel excited.
I feel exhausted and unable to handle any responsibilities.
I feel exhausted because of jet lag.
I feel exhausted today.
I feel extraordinarily happy.
I feel extremely confident.
I feel extremely happy.
I feel extremely lonely.
I feel extremely regretful.
I feel extremely uncomfortable.
I feel extremely vulnerable.
I feel faint.
I feel fairly optimistic at this time.
I feel fantastic.
I feel fat and ugly.
I feel feverish.
I feel fine now, really.
I feel fine now.
I feel fine this morning, but I was very tired last night.
I feel fine today.
I feel fine.
I feel first-class tonight.
I feel fit.
I feel flattered.
I feel for my father, who has to work on Sundays.
I feel for what you're going through.
I feel for what you’re going through.
I feel for you deeply.
I feel for you.
I feel fortunate to have known you.
I feel fragile, as if the slightest touch could break me into a thousand pieces.
I feel free like a bird.
I feel free.
I feel freer than ever before.
I feel freer than ever.
I feel fresh after a walk.
I feel frightened.
I feel frustrated because I want to help my parents, but there's only so much that I can do to help them.
I feel fulfilled when I pursue my passions wholeheartedly.
I feel funny today.
I feel funny.
I feel generous today.
I feel giddy.
I feel good about it.
I feel good about my decision.
I feel good about our team.
I feel good about that.
I feel good about the decision.
I feel good about things.
I feel good about this.
I feel good after a workout.
I feel good after exercising.
I feel good after one hour workout.
I feel good after the exercises.
I feel good after the training.
I feel good already.
I feel good at this point.
I feel good enough.
I feel good here.
I feel good if a room is clean.
I feel good in a special way.
I feel good in my own skin.
I feel good just by watching someone get a massage.
I feel good right now.
I feel good this morning.
I feel good today.
I feel good when I'm with him.
I feel good when I'm with you.
I feel good when a room is clean.
I feel good with him.
I feel good.
I feel grateful to be alive.
I feel grateful to hear that she has got well.
I feel greasy and sweaty after going to the gym.
I feel great about this.
I feel great and I feel healthy.
I feel great in Algiers.
I feel great in the good place.
I feel great now.
I feel great right now.
I feel great sadness at the thought that the human species and all life could be wiped off the face of the earth by the explosion of weapons manufactured by man himself.
I feel great today.
I feel great!
I feel great.
I feel groggy and lethargic.
I feel gross on the inside.
I feel gross.
I feel guilty about all this.
I feel guilty about forgetting my friend's birthday.
I feel guilty about having told a lie.
I feel guilty about it.
I feel guilty about that.
I feel guilty about what I've done.
I feel guilty enough already.
I feel guilty for lying.
I feel guilty.
I feel half sick.
I feel happier than I've ever felt before.
I feel happier than I’ve ever felt before.
I feel happiest when I am at home with my family.
I feel happiest when I am in school.
I feel happiest when I'm at home with my family.
I feel happiest when I'm at school.
I feel happiest when I'm in school.
I feel happiest when I'm running.
I feel happiest when I’m running.
I feel happy and at peace with myself.
I feel happy and satisfied.
I feel happy because I am quit of that trouble.
I feel happy for you.
I feel happy giving you presents.
I feel happy here.
I feel happy in her firm.
I feel happy when I write.
I feel happy when I'm with you.
I feel happy when I’m with you.
I feel happy with myself.
I feel happy.
I feel harmony when I’m outside.
I feel he is trying to force me out.
I feel he isn't sharing everything he knows.
I feel he may be holding back details.
I feel healthy.
I feel heaps better after a sound sleep.
I feel heartache.
I feel heavy in the head.
I feel helpless most of the time.
I feel helpless right now.
I feel helpless sometimes.
I feel helpless.
I feel her pain.
I feel his pain.
I feel homesick when I remember my family.
I feel homesick.
I feel honored to be here.
I feel honored to have known you.
I feel honored to make your acquaintance.
I feel honored.
I feel honoured to be awarded this prize.
I feel honoured to be in your life.
I feel hooked on you.
I feel hopeful about the future.
I feel horny.
I feel horrible about it.
I feel horrible about that.
I feel horrible now.
I feel horrible today.
I feel horrible.
I feel humble.
I feel hungry after a long walk.
I feel hungry all the time.
I feel hungry even though I just ate lunch an hour ago.
I feel hungry.
I feel hurt because I know you broke my trust.
I feel hurt because you chose to betray me.
I feel hurt.
I feel ill at ease in her company.
I feel ill at ease with her.
I feel ill.
I feel impatient when waiting.
I feel important.
I feel in my bones that the party will be a great success.
I feel in my bones that they will never get along well together.
I feel inclined to agree with Tom.
I feel inclined to agree with her.
I feel inclined to agree with you.
I feel incredible right now.
I feel incredibly sleepy.
I feel indebted to you for your help during my illness.
I feel insecure about showing my true nature.
I feel insecure now.
I feel insecure sometimes.
I feel insecure.
I feel inspired already.
I feel invincible.
I feel invisible here.
I feel it in my bones.
I feel it in my legs.
I feel it now.
I feel it unfortunate that there is little of this kind of humble attitude amongst Japanese debaters.
I feel it was my fault.
I feel it's a tad risky to do that.
I feel it's a waste of time.
I feel it's my duty to do that.
I feel it's my duty to go.
I feel it's my duty to warn Tom about what might happen.
I feel it's my duty to warn Tom.
I feel it's preferable to refrain from doing that.
I feel it's something I can do.
I feel it's still not too late to act.
I feel it's the right time.
I feel it.
I feel it: tomorrow the weather will change, it's already stuffy outside.
I feel itchy everywhere.
I feel itchy.
I feel jealous of people that can speak English well.
I feel just as I did before about you.
I feel just awful about that.
I feel just awful about this.
I feel just fine.
I feel just like Tom.
I feel just like a kid in a candy shop, here!
I feel just terrible.
I feel just the opposite.
I feel just the same.
I feel kind of apprehensive.
I feel kind of ashamed.
I feel kind of bad for Tom.
I feel kind of cold.
I feel kind of dizzy.
I feel kind of embarrassed.
I feel kind of foolish.
I feel kind of frustrated.
I feel kind of goofy.
I feel kind of hungry.
I feel kind of jealous.
I feel kind of nauseous.
I feel kind of nervous.
I feel kind of scared.
I feel kind of sick.
I feel kind of sleepy.
I feel kind of sorry for Tom.
I feel kind of sorry for him.
I feel kind of stupid.
I feel kind of tense.
I feel kind of tipsy.
I feel kind of tired.
I feel kind of weird.
I feel kind of woozy myself.
I feel kind of woozy.
I feel lazy.
I feel left out.
I feel less shy now.
I feel let down because you broke the trust we shared.
I feel let down by you.
I feel let down when I don’t follow through on my promises.
I feel let down.
I feel lethargic when I diet, what should I do?
I feel lethargic.
I feel light as a feather.
I feel light-headed.
I feel lighter than air.
I feel lightheaded.
I feel like I am being forced to help her.
I feel like I am being watched.
I feel like I can do anything.
I feel like I can never do anything right, even when I do succeed.
I feel like I can tell you anything.
I feel like I can walk through fire.
I feel like I can't do anything right.
I feel like I can't do enough.
I feel like I can't say no.
I feel like I can’t go on.
I feel like I could cry.
I feel like I could fly.
I feel like I could sleep all day.
I feel like I could use another hour of sleep.
I feel like I did nothing but eat these past two days.
I feel like I disappointed you.
I feel like I don't belong here.
I feel like I don't belong on either side of the border.
I feel like I don't even know her anymore.
I feel like I don’t know my family.
I feel like I finally have a grasp at Mathematics.
I feel like I finally have some understanding of how Tom felt in that moment.
I feel like I have been here before.
I feel like I have been thrown into the deep end of the pool.
I feel like I have to be there.
I feel like I have to go pee!
I feel like I have to walk on eggshells around you.
I feel like I haven't eaten all week.
I feel like I haven't slept for days.
I feel like I haven't slept in days.
I feel like I hit the spot.
I feel like I just joined a cult.
I feel like I know my way around.
I feel like I know you already.
I feel like I know you.
I feel like I let everybody down.
I feel like I let the team down.
I feel like I let you down.
I feel like I look childish when I speak in English.
I feel like I lost something I'll never get back.
I feel like I might throw up.
I feel like I misplaced something.
I feel like I missed something.
I feel like I need to do something to help Tom.
I feel like I owe you an apology.
I feel like I owe you an explanation.
I feel like I saw a ghost last night.
I feel like I should apologize.
I feel like I should be doing something to help.
I feel like I should go.
I feel like I should help.
I feel like I should say something to Tom.
I feel like I should say something, but I don't know what.
I feel like I should stay.
I feel like I understand your feelings.
I feel like I want to do this alone.
I feel like I want to kiss you.
I feel like I was born in the wrong era.
I feel like I was born in the wrong time period.
I feel like I was born in the wrong time.
I feel like I was never meant to love somebody else.
I feel like I was stabbed in the heart.
I feel like I won the lottery.
I feel like I'll be ready.
I feel like I'll never catch up to Tom, even if it takes a whole lifetime.
I feel like I'm a companion.
I feel like I'm a teenager again.
I feel like I'm about to collapse.
I feel like I'm always being watched.
I feel like I'm always in a hurry.
I feel like I'm always in a rush.
I feel like I'm always rushed.
I feel like I'm always walking on eggshells when I'm with Tom.
I feel like I'm being crushed by it all.
I feel like I'm being drawn into your eyes.
I feel like I'm being used.
I feel like I'm being watched from somewhere.
I feel like I'm being watched.
I feel like I'm bothering you.
I feel like I'm close to a solution.
I feel like I'm coming down with something.
I feel like I'm completely delirious!
I feel like I'm doing a good job.
I feel like I'm doing this for the first time.
I feel like I'm dreaming.
I feel like I'm dying.
I feel like I'm falling in love with you.
I feel like I'm forgetting something.
I feel like I'm going insane.
I feel like I'm going mad.
I feel like I'm going to be OK.
I feel like I'm going to be lucky tonight.
I feel like I'm going to cry.
I feel like I'm going to faint.
I feel like I'm going to go crazy.
I feel like I'm going to throw up.
I feel like I'm growing every day.
I feel like I'm home again.
I feel like I'm improving, and then I get criticism and my self-confidence comes tumbling back down.
I feel like I'm improving.
I feel like I'm in Jurassic Park.
I feel like I'm in a dream.
I feel like I'm in a fantasy novel.
I feel like I'm in a furnace.
I feel like I'm in a nightmare.
I feel like I'm in trouble.
I feel like I'm invincible.
I feel like I'm just getting comfortable with my homemaking chores.
I feel like I'm just starting.
I feel like I'm losing my mind.
I feel like I'm losing my strength.
I feel like I'm making progress.
I feel like I'm making you uncomfortable.
I feel like I'm not getting anywhere.
I feel like I'm not good enough.
I feel like I'm not meant to live the life I'm actually living, that's not the kind of life I had imagined to live.
I feel like I'm not wanted.
I feel like I'm part of a community.
I feel like I'm ready for that.
I feel like I'm ready.
I feel like I'm running in circles.
I feel like I'm seeing the light for the first time.
I feel like I'm stealing your sentences.
I feel like I'm suffocating.
I feel like I'm the heroine of a romance novel.
I feel like I'm thirty years old.
I feel like I'm trapped in a nightmare I can't wake up from.
I feel like I'm treading water.
I feel like I'm wasting my time.
I feel like I've already been here sometime.
I feel like I've already met you.
I feel like I've already seen this movie.
I feel like I've become someone else.
I feel like I've been cheated.
I feel like I've been here before.
I feel like I've been reborn.
I feel like I've been thrown in the deep end.
I feel like I've been transported back to the Dark Ages.
I feel like I've done all I can. Now all there is to do is wait and see what comes of it.
I feel like I've done that.
I feel like I've forgotten something.
I feel like I've heard that conversation before.
I feel like I've heard that somewhere before.
I feel like I've known Tom for years.
I feel like I've known Tom forever.
I feel like I've known her forever.
I feel like I've known him forever.
I feel like I've known you forever.
I feel like I've lived through so many past lives before I was born and had so many roles to play out and had taken on so many roles in my past lives.
I feel like I've met her somewhere before.
I feel like I've never belonged in this place.
I feel like I've seen her before.
I feel like I've seen him before.
I feel like I've seen that guy before.
I feel like I've seen this scenery somewhere before.
I feel like I've stayed the same in a world that has changed so fast.
I feel like I've won the lottery.
I feel like I’m being drawn into your eyes.
I feel like I’m forgeting something.
I feel like I’m just getting comfortable with my homemaking chores.
I feel like I’ve done all I can. Now all there is to do is wait and see what comes of it.
I feel like I’ve known you my whole life.
I feel like Tom got the short end of the stick.
I feel like Tom is getting better.
I feel like Tom is just using me.
I feel like Tom is lying.
I feel like Tom is using me.
I feel like Tom needs me.
I feel like a bad person.
I feel like a bee on the flower.
I feel like a beginner again.
I feel like a beluga whale!
I feel like a bird flying in the bright blue morning sky.
I feel like a black sheep.
I feel like a blessed man.
I feel like a brand new person.
I feel like a brandy.
I feel like a burden on my family because I'm unemployed.
I feel like a burden to everyone.
I feel like a champion.
I feel like a complete idiot.
I feel like a different person.
I feel like a dope.
I feel like a drink.
I feel like a failure.
I feel like a fish out of water.
I feel like a fool.
I feel like a fraud.
I feel like a good cup of coffee.
I feel like a hamster on a wheel.
I feel like a heavy fatigue is falling on me.
I feel like a heel.
I feel like a hostage here.
I feel like a hunted animal.
I feel like a hypocrite.
I feel like a kid again.
I feel like a kid who suddenly realizes that Santa Claus doesn't exist.
I feel like a leper.
I feel like a little kid.
I feel like a man.
I feel like a million bucks.
I feel like a million dollars.
I feel like a millionaire.
I feel like a new man.
I feel like a new person.
I feel like a nice hot bath.
I feel like a normal person!
I feel like a pioneer.
I feel like a pizza.
I feel like a princess from a fairy tale.
I feel like a prisoner here.
I feel like a puppet, with strings pulled by unseen forces.
I feel like a rest.
I feel like a rock star.
I feel like a siesta.
I feel like a slave.
I feel like a stranger in my country.
I feel like a teenager.
I feel like a thirteen-year-old.
I feel like a total idiot.
I feel like a tourist here.
I feel like a volcano ready to erupt at any moment.
I feel like a walk. Wanna come along?
I feel like a weight has been lifted.
I feel like a white whale!
I feel like a winner already.
I feel like a winner.
I feel like a woman.
I feel like aliens are always setting up traps for me to fall in.
I feel like an amateur.
I feel like an amoeba.
I feel like an angel tonight.
I feel like an idiot for believing you.
I feel like an idiot now.
I feel like an idiot.
I feel like an imposter.
I feel like an impostor.
I feel like an intern again.
I feel like an old lady who can't look after herself.
I feel like an old lady.
I feel like an old man.
I feel like an old person.
I feel like an old woman.
I feel like an old wreck.
I feel like an outcast.
I feel like an outsider in his circle.
I feel like an outsider in my family.
I feel like an outsider.
I feel like another beer.
I feel like another person.
I feel like anything is possible.
I feel like being alone.
I feel like breaking down in tears.
I feel like bursting into tears.
I feel like camping here.
I feel like can't have my own personal intimity, I need to have a bedroom all by myself.
I feel like celebrating today.
I feel like celebrating.
I feel like chicken.
I feel like crap.
I feel like crying now.
I feel like crying out loud as if I were a little girl.
I feel like crying, but I don't know why.
I feel like crying.
I feel like dancing in the fields.
I feel like dancing now.
I feel like dancing right now.
I feel like dancing tonight.
I feel like dancing whenever I hear this song.
I feel like dancing.
I feel like dating a smaller guy doesn't make me feel protected, but rather like I'm going on a trip with a middle schooler. But most people don't really care about height anymore, do they?
I feel like death.
I feel like doing it but I don't have any money.
I feel like doing something different today.
I feel like doing something new.
I feel like doing something.
I feel like doing that again.
I feel like doing that now.
I feel like doing that right now.
I feel like doing that today.
I feel like doing that.
I feel like drinking a beer.
I feel like drinking coffee.
I feel like drinking some more.
I feel like drinking tonight.
I feel like drinking wine.
I feel like drinking. Got any beer?
I feel like eating chicken.
I feel like eating out today.
I feel like eating out tonight.
I feel like eating popcorn.
I feel like eating right now.
I feel like eating some fruit.
I feel like eating some roast chestnuts.
I feel like eating some roasted chestnuts.
I feel like eating something sweet.
I feel like eating something that isn't sweet.
I feel like eating something.
I feel like even if I translated that Japanese into English, it would turn into something really normal-sounding, so there might not be much point in translating it.
I feel like everybody's watching me.
I feel like everyone is ignoring me.
I feel like everyone is talking about me behind my back.
I feel like everything I do is mediocre.
I feel like everything is a lie.
I feel like garbage right now.
I feel like getting drunk today.
I feel like getting drunk.
I feel like getting some cake, but I had some already yesterday, and I don't want to put on weight, so I'll just chalk it up to the little demon in my head trying to make life hard for me and ignore it.
I feel like getting some fresh air.
I feel like giving her a thousand kisses.
I feel like giving up.
I feel like giving you a thousand kisses.
I feel like going for a walk this morning.
I feel like going for a walk.
I feel like going home.
I feel like going jogging.
I feel like going on a trip.
I feel like going out for a walk.
I feel like going out rather than staying at home today.
I feel like going out today.
I feel like going out tonight.
I feel like going out with her.
I feel like going out with him.
I feel like going out.
I feel like going out. I got no money, though.
I feel like going outside.
I feel like going swimming.
I feel like going to Australia again.
I feel like going to Boston again.
I feel like going to bed early tonight.
I feel like going to bed.
I feel like going to sleep right now.
I feel like going to sleep.
I feel like going to the bathroom.
I feel like going to the beach today.
I feel like going to the cinema.
I feel like going to the movies, but I still have to do my homework.
I feel like going to the movies.
I feel like going to the pool.
I feel like having a cup of tea.
I feel like having a drink.
I feel like having a party.
I feel like having a pizza.
I feel like having an ice cream.
I feel like having an ice-cream.
I feel like having pizza.
I feel like having some dumplings.
I feel like having some ice cream, but I'll just say it's my brain trying to play tricks on me.
I feel like having some kebab.
I feel like having some pizza tonight.
I feel like he has something nasty in the back of his mind.
I feel like he is just using me.
I feel like he resembles a poet in some way.
I feel like he's grown cold toward me lately.
I feel like he's up to something quite fishy and I can't put a finger on it as of yet.
I feel like he’s grown cold toward me lately.
I feel like hitting someone.
I feel like holding hands now would be incredibly boorish.
I feel like hugging everybody.
I feel like hugging everyone.
I feel like it was cheaper before.
I feel like it's gotten faster after the update.
I feel like it's my place.
I feel like it's my responsibility.
I feel like it's safe.
I feel like killing my neighbour.
I feel like kissing her a thousand times.
I feel like kissing you a thousand times.
I feel like laughing.
I feel like learning Esperanto.
I feel like learning another language.
I feel like leaving.
I feel like life is passing me by.
I feel like listening to music.
I feel like love is always running away from me no matter what.
I feel like men who, on dates, let you think "maybe I'm a really great woman!" are good at taking the lead, so if anything, men who make you feel like you're pitiful whenever you're together, or make you lose your confidence, are completely unsuitable as dating partners.
I feel like my English teacher gave me a copy of Pride and Prejudice with small print inside just to troll me.
I feel like my day is going to be difficult.
I feel like my fellow school counterparts didn't see my worth and I felt like I didn't bring much value to the group of students I was studying with.
I feel like my head is going to explode.
I feel like my opinion doesn't matter to him.
I feel like my opinions are constantly shifting.
I feel like my own greatness isn't recognized as fully as it should be.
I feel like myself again.
I feel like nothing on earth.
I feel like partying.
I feel like people are staring at me.
I feel like people that are better-off have a moral obligation to help those in need, whether it be out of compassion or otherwise.
I feel like pizza.
I feel like playing golf on such a lovely day.
I feel like playing, too.
I feel like puking. Do you have any medicine?
I feel like quitting the team.
I feel like quitting.
I feel like reading the book "Aculpa é das Estrelas".
I feel like scum.
I feel like seeing you.
I feel like sending Tom a letter.
I feel like she has misunderstood me.
I feel like she is hiding something from me.
I feel like she is just using me.
I feel like shit.
I feel like singing in the rain.
I feel like singing.
I feel like sleeping all day.
I feel like sleeping is a waste of time.
I feel like smashing you in the face.
I feel like smiling.
I feel like some important idea always slips away from me, and I can't catch it.
I feel like some rice and beans.
I feel like somehow I've stopped thinking of translation as something enjoyable.
I feel like someone is watching me.
I feel like someone is watching us.
I feel like someone just walked over my grave.
I feel like something is wrong.
I feel like something terrible has happened.
I feel like something terrible is about to happen.
I feel like something's bothering you.
I feel like something's missing.
I feel like sometimes you punish me for having disappointed you.
I feel like speaking French today.
I feel like speaking Italian!
I feel like stretching my legs.
I feel like such a fool.
I feel like such a klutz.
I feel like such a teenager.
I feel like such an idiot.
I feel like taking a bath now.
I feel like taking a break from everything.
I feel like taking a day off tomorrow.
I feel like taking a dip.
I feel like taking a hot spring bath tonight.
I feel like taking a rest.
I feel like taking a shower.
I feel like taking a trip.
I feel like taking a walk now.
I feel like taking a walk.
I feel like talking a walk.
I feel like talking a walk. Would you like to come along?
I feel like telling Tom the truth.
I feel like telling him what I think of him.
I feel like that I have seen you before.
I feel like that could happen.
I feel like that might not be the right thing to do.
I feel like that would be a waste of time.
I feel like the happiest person in the world.
I feel like the hours they have given are way too low.
I feel like the luckiest man in the world.
I feel like the luckiest man on earth.
I feel like the most important person in the world because of him.
I feel like the music I like is the best, and everything else is tasteless or just bad.
I feel like the right to freedom of speech is being encroached on.
I feel like the window was open all night.
I feel like the world has collapsed on me.
I feel like there are some similarities between some Latino cultures and certain Asian cultures, that they don't have in common with Anglo-Americans.
I feel like there haven't been any interesting dramas recently.
I feel like they add water to the beer in this tavern.
I feel like things are getting better.
I feel like this every day.
I feel like this is a good time to leave.
I feel like this is all my fault.
I feel like this is going to end badly.
I feel like this is not going to end well.
I feel like this is the hundredth time I've told you this!
I feel like this isn't going to end well.
I feel like this sentence is probably better left untranslated.
I feel like throwing everything away.
I feel like throwing up.
I feel like time is standing still.
I feel like today is going to be one of those days.
I feel like translating has become very unenjoyable.
I feel like turning back.
I feel like visiting Australia.
I feel like visiting Boston.
I feel like vomiting.
I feel like waiting.
I feel like walking home.
I feel like walking.
I feel like watching TV.
I feel like watching a movie.
I feel like watching television.
I feel like we belong together.
I feel like we can do that.
I feel like we collectively don't get paid enough for the work we do.
I feel like we forgot something.
I feel like we haven't hung out in ages.
I feel like we missed something.
I feel like we misunderstood.
I feel like we need help.
I feel like we need more.
I feel like we need that.
I feel like we really connected.
I feel like we should go.
I feel like we should stay.
I feel like we shouldn't be doing this.
I feel like we're connecting.
I feel like we're done.
I feel like we're making a big mistake.
I feel like we're never going to see each other again.
I feel like we've done this before.
I feel like we've done this.
I feel like we've forgotten something.
I feel like we've met before.
I feel like we've met.
I feel like wearing black.
I feel like wearing red.
I feel like we’re going in circles and getting nowhere.
I feel like writing a letter.
I feel like you are laughing at us.
I feel like you could be really close friends with him.
I feel like you don't really care about me.
I feel like you should have to work a little harder.
I feel like you still haven't explained everything to me.
I feel like you think you're not part of the world - rather that the world is a part of you, but you're wrong.
I feel like you understand me.
I feel like you're keeping something from me.
I feel like you're not taking me seriously.
I feel like you've been a good friend to me and I'm glad to know you.
I feel listless and have a throbbing headache.
I feel loads better now.
I feel lonely all the time.
I feel lonely and misunderstood.
I feel lonely at times.
I feel lonely in the big house.
I feel lonely in this city.
I feel lonely in this town.
I feel lonely sometimes.
I feel lonely tonight.
I feel lonely when I look for a hand and only find fists.
I feel lonely when you're not around.
I feel lonely when you're not here.
I feel lonely whenever you're not here.
I feel lonely without you around.
I feel lonely.
I feel lost and confused.
I feel lost regarding my goals in life.
I feel lost without you.
I feel lost.
I feel lousy today.
I feel lousy.
I feel love isn't for me.
I feel lucky this time.
I feel lucky to be alive.
I feel lucky to have been chosen.
I feel lucky to have her.
I feel lucky to have him.
I feel lucky to have you.
I feel lucky today.
I feel lucky, too.
I feel lucky.
I feel malnourished.
I feel marvelous.
I feel melancholy.
I feel miserable right now.
I feel miserable today.
I feel miserable without you.
I feel misunderstood all the time. What a sad life.
I feel misunderstood and different from everyone around me.
I feel morally indebted to her.
I feel more Scottish than ever before.
I feel more alert after drinking a cup of coffee.
I feel more alive when I'm surrounded by others.
I feel more at home in Algiers.
I feel more at home in Boston than I where I grew up.
I feel more awake after a cup of coffee.
I feel more comfortable behind the wheel.
I feel more comfortable doing this now.
I feel more comfortable indoors.
I feel more comfortable now.
I feel more confident now.
I feel more dead than alive.
I feel more energetic now.
I feel more energized.
I feel more humble now.
I feel more independent.
I feel more relaxed already.
I feel more relaxed now.
I feel more relaxed.
I feel more secure now.
I feel more tired in the wintertime.
I feel much better already.
I feel much better now that you know my secret.
I feel much better now.
I feel much better than I felt yesterday.
I feel much better today than I did yesterday.
I feel much better today.
I feel much better wearing lenses than glasses.
I feel much better.
I feel much calmer now.
I feel much happier now.
I feel much more motivated now.
I feel much safer now.
I feel much worse today than I did yesterday.
I feel much worse today than yesterday.
I feel much, much better.
I feel my age.
I feel my head so stupid, my hand so disobedient, my pen so execrable, my ink such a mudpond, that I ought in mercy to save you the trouble of deciphering more.
I feel my pulse racing.
I feel my second year of junior high school was the most fun.
I feel naked without accessories.
I feel naked without my gun.
I feel nauseated, but I can't be sick.
I feel nauseated, but I'm unable to be sick.
I feel nauseous and dizzy.
I feel nauseous.
I feel nauseous. I feel like vomiting.
I feel negative feelings towards you.
I feel nervous about the result.
I feel nervous about this.
I feel nervous and confused.
I feel nervous around Tom.
I feel nervous enough already.
I feel nervous now.
I feel nervous right now.
I feel nervous when I am a passenger on a bus.
I feel nervous when I speak English.
I feel nervous with you here.
I feel nervous, too.
I feel nervous.
I feel nice doing something good.
I feel no emotion from his kitsch tapestries.
I feel no one tells me the truth.
I feel no pity for people who procrastinate.
I feel no regret for leaving my land.
I feel no shame.
I feel no sympathy for Tom.
I feel normal.
I feel nostalgia for Yugoslavia.
I feel not quite up to snuff when I meet my relatives.
I feel nothing at all.
I feel nothing but contempt for such behavior.
I feel nothing but contempt for such dishonest behavior.
I feel nothing.
I feel now as if a weight has lifted from me.
I feel numb.
I feel obligated to do that for Tom.
I feel obligated to do that.
I feel obligated to help.
I feel offended.
I feel old and useless.
I feel old sometimes, but I guess I can't be that old if Tom Brady is still playing in Super Bowls.
I feel old whenever I find myself forgetting things so easily.
I feel old.
I feel on top of the world today!
I feel on top of the world!
I feel on top of the world.
I feel one with the universe.
I feel out of breath.
I feel out of place among his friends.
I feel out of place in my own family.
I feel out of sorts today.
I feel out of sorts today. That well water is why.
I feel outcast.
I feel overheated.
I feel overloaded with anger.
I feel overwhelmed by everything I have to do.
I feel overwhelmed by the responsibility of caring for my elderly parents.
I feel overwhelmed with my thoughts.
I feel overwhelmed.
I feel pain everywhere.
I feel pain in my legs.
I feel pain in my stomach.
I feel partially responsible for that.
I feel partially responsible.
I feel particularly sensitive to his charm.
I feel partly responsible for this.
I feel partly responsible for what happened.
I feel partly responsible.
I feel passionately alive.
I feel peckish.
I feel perfectly fine.
I feel perfectly safe here.
I feel personally attacked by this.
I feel personally responsible.
I feel physically sick.
I feel pity for you, you poor woman.
I feel pleasure.
I feel pooped.
I feel poorly.
I feel positive about it.
I feel powerless.
I feel pretty ashamed.
I feel pretty bummed.
I feel pretty comfortable here.
I feel pretty comfortable tonight.
I feel pretty comfortable.
I feel pretty confident about it.
I feel pretty confident about this.
I feel pretty confident of that.
I feel pretty confident.
I feel pretty embarrassed about that.
I feel pretty exposed.
I feel pretty good about it.
I feel pretty good about the decision.
I feel pretty good right now.
I feel pretty good so far.
I feel pretty good this morning.
I feel pretty good today.
I feel pretty good.
I feel pretty groggy.
I feel pretty lousy today.
I feel pretty lucky.
I feel pretty normal.
I feel pretty off today.
I feel pretty safe here.
I feel pretty safe.
I feel pretty stupid.
I feel pretty sure of that.
I feel pretty thirsty.
I feel pretty tired.
I feel pretty uncomfortable.
I feel pretty well.
I feel pretty wiped out.
I feel privileged to be a Muslim.
I feel privileged to be with you.
I feel privileged to have met you.
I feel profound sympathy for the victims.
I feel protected when you hold me in your arms.
I feel protected.
I feel proud of my English skills every day.
I feel proud when I stand up for my values and beliefs.
I feel punch-drunk.
I feel queasy in my stomach.
I feel queasy.
I feel quite at ease among strangers.
I feel quite at ease when I sit in this chair.
I feel quite bad.
I feel quite depressed.
I feel quite dizzy.
I feel quite drunk.
I feel quite embarrassed.
I feel quite frustrated.
I feel quite hungry.
I feel quite nervous.
I feel quite put out about it.
I feel quite refreshed after taking a bath.
I feel quite relieved.
I feel quite rested this morning.
I feel quite rested.
I feel quite safe here.
I feel quite sure of that.
I feel quite uncomfortable.
I feel quite warm.
I feel quite weird.
I feel quite well.
I feel quite worn out.
I feel rather off today.
I feel rather tired.
I feel ready for the challenge.
I feel ready to go.
I feel ready.
I feel real good about it.
I feel real good about that.
I feel real good today.
I feel really alert right now.
I feel really annoyed.
I feel really anxious.
I feel really at peace.
I feel really awkward right now.
I feel really awkward.
I feel really bad about that.
I feel really bad about this.
I feel really bad about what happened yesterday.
I feel really bad about what happened.
I feel really bad for you.
I feel really bad today.
I feel really bad.
I feel really bloated.
I feel really bored.
I feel really buzzed.
I feel really calm.
I feel really cold.
I feel really comfortable around you.
I feel really comfortable here.
I feel really comfortable.
I feel really confident right now.
I feel really confident.
I feel really conflicted about it.
I feel really conflicted.
I feel really confused.
I feel really depressed.
I feel really dizzy now.
I feel really dizzy.
I feel really downtrodden.
I feel really drained.
I feel really drowsy.
I feel really drunk.
I feel really embarrassed.
I feel really excited today.
I feel really excited.
I feel really fat.
I feel really frightened.
I feel really good about it.
I feel really good about this.
I feel really good here.
I feel really good now.
I feel really good right now.
I feel really good to have that splinter out of my finger.
I feel really good today.
I feel really good tonight.
I feel really good.
I feel really great.
I feel really guilty.
I feel really happy.
I feel really hopeful.
I feel really horrible.
I feel really hot.
I feel really humiliated.
I feel really hungry.
I feel really hurt.
I feel really inspired right now.
I feel really lonely right now.
I feel really lousy.
I feel really loved right now.
I feel really lucky right now.
I feel really lucky.
I feel really miserable right now.
I feel really nauseous.
I feel really old.
I feel really overdressed.
I feel really prepared.
I feel really proud.
I feel really rattled.
I feel really relaxed now.
I feel really relieved.
I feel really respected.
I feel really sad, too.
I feel really sad.
I feel really safe now.
I feel really safe with you.
I feel really safe.
I feel really scared.
I feel really short of breath.
I feel really sick.
I feel really sick. I want to puke.
I feel really silly.
I feel really sorry about that.
I feel really sorry about this.
I feel really sorry for you.
I feel really sorry.
I feel really special now.
I feel really special.
I feel really strongly about it.
I feel really strongly about this.
I feel really stupid now.
I feel really stupid right now.
I feel really stupid.
I feel really successful.
I feel really terrible about it.
I feel really terrible about this.
I feel really terrible.
I feel really tired.
I feel really ugly.
I feel really uneasy.
I feel really useless.
I feel really vulnerable.
I feel really weird about this.
I feel really weird right now.
I feel really weird tonight.
I feel really weird, spacey, and fatigued.
I feel refreshed after a good night's sleep.
I feel refreshed after taking a walk.
I feel refreshed already.
I feel refreshed now.
I feel refreshed.
I feel rejuvenated now.
I feel relaxed now.
I feel relaxed with Tom.
I feel relaxed with him.
I feel relaxed with you.
I feel relaxed.
I feel relieved after having said all that I wanted to say.
I feel relieved.
I feel reluctant and upset.
I feel resentment against your unwarranted criticism.
I feel responsible for Tom's accident.
I feel responsible for all this.
I feel responsible for everything.
I feel responsible for protecting myself and others.
I feel responsible for this.
I feel responsible for what happened.
I feel responsible somehow.
I feel responsible.
I feel rested now.
I feel rested.
I feel restless tonight.
I feel restless when I have to wait too long for my friend to show up.
I feel restless.
I feel revolted.
I feel ridiculous in this dress.
I feel ridiculous.
I feel right at home here.
I feel romantic today.
I feel rotten now.
I feel rotten.
I feel run down.
I feel sad all of a sudden.
I feel sad all the time.
I feel sad and lonely.
I feel sad every now and then.
I feel sad for some reason.
I feel sad knowing that my trust in you was broken.
I feel sad right now.
I feel sad sometimes.
I feel sad when I think about all the people who die in wars.
I feel sad, but I don't know why.
I feel sad.
I feel sadness coming over me.
I feel safe and loved when I'm with you.
I feel safe and secure.
I feel safe around you.
I feel safe by his side.
I feel safe here with you.
I feel safe here.
I feel safe in here.
I feel safe in your arms.
I feel safe in your presence.
I feel safe now.
I feel safe right now.
I feel safe sharing my thoughts with him, knowing he cares.
I feel safe walking the streets at night with him by my side.
I feel safe when I'm with you.
I feel safe with Tom.
I feel safe with him.
I feel safe with you here.
I feel safe with you.
I feel safe, our country did everything to make this transition pleasant and safe for every woman behind the wheel. I am really thankful to witness this historic moment and I am so happy for all the women in Saudia Arabia, especially my daughters.
I feel safe.
I feel safer already.
I feel safer here.
I feel safer in Algeria.
I feel safer now.
I feel safer when Tom is here.
I feel safer with you here.
I feel safer with you.
I feel satisfied now.
I feel scared here.
I feel seasick.
I feel secure in my new job.
I feel secure now.
I feel secure when I invest in stocks but not bonds.
I feel secure with him.
I feel sexy.
I feel she doesn't love me any longer.
I feel she's still in love with me.
I feel sheltered there, protected by the love of all those dear to me.
I feel shy.
I feel sick and painful. I feel hot and cold.
I feel sick at heart.
I feel sick at the thought of what lies ahead.
I feel sick every morning.
I feel sick in my stomach.
I feel sick to my stomach.
I feel sick when I get up in the morning.
I feel sick whenever I see blood.
I feel sick.
I feel sick. What should I do?
I feel silly.
I feel sleepy and hungry.
I feel sleepy as soon as I finish eating dinner.
I feel sleepy because I'm not doing anything.
I feel sleepy myself.
I feel sleepy now.
I feel sleepy when I listen to soft music.
I feel sleepy, too.
I feel sleepy.
I feel slightly better.
I feel slightly sick.
I feel slow.
I feel sluggish.
I feel smart today, to a degree that is in proportion to the amount of good rest I had yesterday.
I feel smart... Pity... It's just a feeling...
I feel smarter already.
I feel so alive right now.
I feel so all alone.
I feel so alone now.
I feel so alone right now.
I feel so alone.
I feel so ashamed.
I feel so awful.
I feel so awfully terrible about my misconduct.
I feel so bad I want to vomit...
I feel so bad for Tom.
I feel so bad for him.
I feel so bad for the baritone saxes, who often have 200 measures of nothing but whole notes.
I feel so bad today.
I feel so bad.
I feel so betrayed.
I feel so close to this family.
I feel so cold.
I feel so confused right now.
I feel so confused.
I feel so darn lonely.
I feel so dizzy right now.
I feel so dizzy to lose all of this, so giddy to shatter all of this!
I feel so dizzy when I'm losing my way.
I feel so embarrassed now.
I feel so embarrassed.
I feel so excited.
I feel so fat.
I feel so foolish now.
I feel so fortunate.
I feel so frustrated.
I feel so funny these days.
I feel so good right now.
I feel so good when I'm with her.
I feel so good when you're around.
I feel so good!
I feel so good.
I feel so happy today.
I feel so happy tonight.
I feel so happy when I'm with you.
I feel so helpless.
I feel so helpless. My son is fighting between life and death on a hospital bed and I can't do anything to help him.
I feel so hopeless.
I feel so hot.
I feel so lonely at night.
I feel so lonely here.
I feel so lonely sometimes.
I feel so lonely that I want someone to talk with.
I feel so lonely tonight.
I feel so lonely when you're not here.
I feel so lonely without you.
I feel so lonely.
I feel so lost.
I feel so lucky that I was chosen.
I feel so lucky to have William as a friend, he's such a wonderful person.
I feel so lucky.
I feel so motivated.
I feel so much better already.
I feel so much better here.
I feel so much better now.
I feel so much better today.
I feel so much better.
I feel so much calmer now.
I feel so much happier now.
I feel so much love here.
I feel so much safer now.
I feel so much stronger now.
I feel so old.
I feel so out of place.
I feel so pretty.
I feel so refreshed after my bath.
I feel so small.
I feel so sorry for Tom.
I feel so sorry for him.
I feel so sorry for people who live in countries without buttercups!
I feel so stupid.
I feel so terribly alone.
I feel so terribly lonely.
I feel so terribly unhappy.
I feel so tired but so grateful.
I feel so tired. I just need to relax and unwind.
I feel so uplifted.
I feel so vulnerable.
I feel somehow linked to that place.
I feel someone is watching us.
I feel someone watching us.
I feel something bad is going to happen.
I feel something bad might happen.
I feel something fishy is going on.
I feel something for you.
I feel something happened.
I feel something happening here.
I feel something horrible is going to happen.
I feel something horrible will happen.
I feel something in my mouth.
I feel something might happen.
I feel something special between us.
I feel something very off about this place that I just can't shake off my mind and nobody will tell me otherwise and nobody will prove me otherwise.
I feel something's missing.
I feel something.
I feel somewhat differently.
I feel somewhat indisposed.
I feel somewhat obligated.
I feel somewhat relieved now.
I feel somewhat responsible for what happened.
I feel somewhat responsible.
I feel somewhat sad.
I feel somewhat strange.
I feel somewhat suspicious.
I feel somewhat uncomfortable.
I feel somewhat uneasy when I sit on a chair with Japanese clothes. I feel like the wind is blowing in from the cuff of my trousers.
I feel somewhat uneasy.
I feel somewhat upset.
I feel sore all over.
I feel sorry for Mary because she always has to do that.
I feel sorry for Tom and Mary because they always have to do that.
I feel sorry for Tom because he always has to do that.
I feel sorry for Tom's family.
I feel sorry for Tom's parents.
I feel sorry for Tom's widow.
I feel sorry for Tom, but I cannot help him.
I feel sorry for Tom, but not for Mary.
I feel sorry for Tom.
I feel sorry for anybody who still thinks that way.
I feel sorry for everybody.
I feel sorry for everyone.
I feel sorry for her.
I feel sorry for him.
I feel sorry for his mom; he really puts her through the wringer.
I feel sorry for myself.
I feel sorry for that dog.
I feel sorry for that horse.
I feel sorry for the children.
I feel sorry for the guy that lost.
I feel sorry for the loser.
I feel sorry for the patient whose fish was taken away.
I feel sorry for them.
I feel sorry for these children.
I feel sorry for those children.
I feel sorry for whoever does not like him.
I feel sorry for whoever doesn't like him.
I feel sorry for you.
I feel sorry for your kids.
I feel sorry for your parents.
I feel sorry for your patients.
I feel sorry.
I feel sort of dizzy and I feel like throwing up.
I feel sort of nervous.
I feel sort of tired.
I feel sort of weird.
I feel special because of him.
I feel spring in the air.
I feel stark naked.
I feel stiff all over.
I feel strange about it.
I feel strange today and I don't understand why.
I feel strange today and I don’t understand why.
I feel strange.
I feel strong.
I feel stronger already.
I feel stronger every day.
I feel stronger now.
I feel strongly about this.
I feel strongly that men and women are equal.
I feel stuffy.
I feel stupid dressed like this.
I feel stupid for asking.
I feel stupid in this outfit.
I feel stupid just sitting here.
I feel stupid now.
I feel stupid sometimes.
I feel stupid wearing this shirt.
I feel stupid.
I feel such a rush of excitement about my birthday coming along pretty quickly now.
I feel suffocated by the weight of your jealousy.
I feel sure Tom will cry.
I feel sure that Tom and Mary have already done that.
I feel sure that Tom has already done that.
I feel sure that Tom will cry.
I feel sure that Tom will do that.
I feel surprisingly good.
I feel sympathy for Tom.
I feel sympathy for people with that disease.
I feel tempted to do that.
I feel ten pounds lighter.
I feel ten years older.
I feel ten years younger.
I feel tense and agitated when I have too much work to do.
I feel terrible about all this.
I feel terrible about it.
I feel terrible about last night.
I feel terrible about my mistake.
I feel terrible about ruining your party.
I feel terrible about that.
I feel terrible about the way things happened.
I feel terrible about this.
I feel terrible about what happened.
I feel terrible every day.
I feel terrible for Tom.
I feel terrible just thinking about making love to him.
I feel terrible that that happened.
I feel terrible today.
I feel terrible, but I've just broken your ashtray.
I feel terrible, but I’ve just broken your ashtray.
I feel terrible.
I feel terribly alone.
I feel terribly ashamed.
I feel terribly embarrassed.
I feel terribly happy.
I feel terribly lonely.
I feel terribly nervous.
I feel terribly sad.
I feel terribly sick.
I feel terribly sorry for your loss.
I feel terribly thirsty.
I feel terribly upset.
I feel terrific today.
I feel terrific.
I feel terrified by that doll.
I feel thankful for that.
I feel that I am a burden to everyone, that no one will ever love me.
I feel that I am free.
I feel that I am living in a post-apocalyptic Hollywood movie.
I feel that I belong.
I feel that I don't really belong here.
I feel that I don’t really belong here.
I feel that I have a lot to offer.
I feel that I have to do that.
I feel that I make time to do various things.
I feel that I need therapy.
I feel that I owe Tom an explanation.
I feel that I owe such a lot to you.
I feel that I owe you an explanation.
I feel that I should apologize.
I feel that I should be doing something else right now.
I feel that I should explain.
I feel that I should help you.
I feel that I understand your feelings.
I feel that I was taken for a ride.
I feel that I would be too far from the reality of this person.
I feel that I'm a burden to everyone, that no one will ever love me, that I'm better off dead, because that way I wouldn't hurt anyone. However, on the other hand, I want to keep living and show everyone that I'm strong.
I feel that I've done that before.
I feel that I've wasted your time.
I feel that Tatoeba has become a very warm and cozy place for us language lovers; especially for all those of us who can grasp and learn languages relatively easily and quickly.
I feel that Tom will do that.
I feel that aspirin works better for me than paracetamol.
I feel that books written by authors is a way for the author to "talk" with others.
I feel that he loves me, even if it's still light and quivering.
I feel that if I can look forward to an enjoyable weekend, I will be able to give my all at work.
I feel that it is better to stay single than to get married.
I feel that it will rain.
I feel that my heart is anchored in the mosque.
I feel that she's here somewhere.
I feel that she's somewhere around here.
I feel that someone tapped my shoulder.
I feel that something is going to happen really soon.
I feel that something is missing.
I feel that something is wrong.
I feel that something might happen.
I feel that the German language can be very difficult.
I feel that the incorporation of sex education in schools is a great step forward.
I feel that the previous one was cheaper.
I feel that this is a good point.
I feel that this is a serious problem.
I feel that this poses a problem.
I feel that was good.
I feel that way as well.
I feel that way myself.
I feel that way, too.
I feel that we belong together.
I feel that we can trust Tom.
I feel that we did a great job.
I feel that we forgot someone.
I feel that we forgot something.
I feel that we've already met.
I feel that what both of them are saying is correct.
I feel that would be a waste of time.
I feel that you don't love me anymore.
I feel that you should go.
I feel that you should leave.
I feel that you're lying.
I feel that you're wasting your time into foolish endeavors too wastefully.
I feel that's only fair.
I feel that's the case.
I feel the cold very much.
I feel the cold water and the warm air.
I feel the desire to renew my ties with my native country.
I feel the distance between us.
I feel the distance.
I feel the earth beneath my feet, steady and grounding.
I feel the exact same way about Tom.
I feel the flow of tears that I want to retain; the past torments me, and I fear the future.
I feel the happiest when I'm at school.
I feel the hunger of a 1000 devils.
I feel the need for a little exercise.
I feel the need for a new experience.
I feel the need to celebrate.
I feel the need to do something different today.
I feel the need to help others.
I feel the need to take a step back.
I feel the need, the need for speed!
I feel the same thing.
I feel the same today.
I feel the same way Tom does.
I feel the same way about Tom.
I feel the same way about it as you do.
I feel the same way about that as Tom does.
I feel the same way about this.
I feel the same way about you as you do about me.
I feel the same way about you.
I feel the same way as you do.
I feel the same way myself.
I feel the same way sometimes.
I feel the same way that you do about this.
I feel the same way you do about this.
I feel the same way you do.
I feel the same way, too.
I feel the same way.
I feel the same.
I feel the situation is getting worse.
I feel the soft sand under my bare feet.
I feel the tension in my neck, where it gets sore and stiff.
I feel the tires sliding.
I feel the uncertainty of life.
I feel the urge to do that.
I feel the urge to leave.
I feel the want of money.
I feel the way I feel.
I feel the world has changed.
I feel their pain.
I feel there is just no way out.
I feel there's something wrong.
I feel thirsty.
I feel this is a good point.
I feel this is my fault.
I feel this is unfair.
I feel this is wrong.
I feel this poses a problem.
I feel this way around the same time every year.
I feel threatened right now.
I feel tired all of a sudden.
I feel tired all the time.
I feel tired already.
I feel tired and exhausted.
I feel tired of believing in people.
I feel tired out.
I feel tired the whole time.
I feel tired.
I feel too lazy to do my homework.
I feel too much inspired to get inside my bed right now.
I feel too old.
I feel totally destroyed.
I feel totally refreshed.
I feel totally relaxed.
I feel totally safe with you.
I feel trapped in this cycle of unhappiness.
I feel trapped in this relationship.
I feel trapped, too.
I feel trapped.
I feel tremendously lonely.
I feel ugly.
I feel unappreciated.
I feel uncertain about the best methods for language learning.
I feel uncomfortable about living alone so far away from my parents home.
I feel uncomfortable around Tom.
I feel uncomfortable here.
I feel uncomfortable in this chair.
I feel uncomfortable in this kind of situation.
I feel uncomfortable sitting here.
I feel uncomfortable talking about this.
I feel uncomfortable with change.
I feel uncomfortable with the unfamiliar.
I feel uncomfortable with those people.
I feel uncomfortable, too.
I feel uncomfortable.
I feel under the weather.
I feel underappreciated at work.
I feel uneasy about my future.
I feel uneasy about this.
I feel uneasy here.
I feel uneasy in my father's presence.
I feel uneasy in my father’s presence.
I feel uneasy sharing my vulnerabilities with you.
I feel uneasy staying in this place. I need to get out as quickly as possible.
I feel uneasy, too.
I feel unenergetic.
I feel unique compared to others.
I feel unsafe walking around at night.
I feel unsure about what to do.
I feel unusually awake despite it being the middle of the night.
I feel unusually good today.
I feel unwell.
I feel upset about the current situation.
I feel upset and disappointed.
I feel upset, too.
I feel useless.
I feel utterly alone.
I feel utterly ridiculous.
I feel very alive right now.
I feel very alive.
I feel very alone right now.
I feel very alone.
I feel very ambivalent about this.
I feel very angry.
I feel very anxious.
I feel very ashamed.
I feel very at home here.
I feel very bad about that.
I feel very bad when I hurt someone I love.
I feel very bad, I must see a doctor.
I feel very bad.
I feel very betrayed.
I feel very blessed.
I feel very calm.
I feel very chilly.
I feel very close to you.
I feel very cold tonight.
I feel very cold.
I feel very comfortable around you.
I feel very comfortable here.
I feel very comfortable now.
I feel very comfortable with you.
I feel very comfortable working here.
I feel very comfortable.
I feel very confident.
I feel very contented.
I feel very disappointed.
I feel very dizzy.
I feel very embarrassed right now.
I feel very embarrassed.
I feel very excited.
I feel very exposed.
I feel very feverish.
I feel very flattered.
I feel very fortunate.
I feel very good about it.
I feel very good about that.
I feel very good about this.
I feel very good right now.
I feel very good.
I feel very grateful.
I feel very groggy.
I feel very grown up.
I feel very guilty about that.
I feel very guilty about what happened.
I feel very guilty.
I feel very happy about that.
I feel very happy about this.
I feel very happy now.
I feel very happy today.
I feel very happy tonight.
I feel very happy.
I feel very honored.
I feel very hot.
I feel very humbled.
I feel very hungry, too.
I feel very hungry.
I feel very ill.
I feel very isolated here.
I feel very lonely here.
I feel very lonely in this world.
I feel very lonely these days.
I feel very lonely.
I feel very low today.
I feel very lucky right now.
I feel very lucky.
I feel very miserable.
I feel very much at home here.
I feel very nervous now.
I feel very nervous.
I feel very obligated to you.
I feel very offended.
I feel very old right now.
I feel very old.
I feel very peaceful.
I feel very prepared.
I feel very proud about that.
I feel very proud of you.
I feel very refreshed.
I feel very relaxed.
I feel very relieved.
I feel very sad tonight.
I feel very sad.
I feel very safe here as a Muslim.
I feel very safe here.
I feel very safe with you.
I feel very safe.
I feel very scared.
I feel very seasick.
I feel very shy.
I feel very sick.
I feel very sick. I think I'm going to throw up.
I feel very sick. I want to throw up.
I feel very sleepy, too.
I feel very sleepy.
I feel very sorry about that.
I feel very sorry about this.
I feel very sorry for Tom, poor fellow.
I feel very sorry for Tom.
I feel very sorry for him.
I feel very sorry for that boy.
I feel very sorry for that.
I feel very sorry for what happened.
I feel very sorry for you.
I feel very sorry for your sister.
I feel very sorry that I had put them to so much trouble.
I feel very special.
I feel very strong today.
I feel very strong.
I feel very strongly about it.
I feel very strongly about that.
I feel very strongly about this.
I feel very stupid.
I feel very tense.
I feel very thirsty.
I feel very tired tonight.
I feel very tired, too.
I feel very tired.
I feel very tired. Because of this, I do a small amount of being good to things.
I feel very uncomfortable about this.
I feel very uncomfortable being here.
I feel very uncomfortable in here.
I feel very uncomfortable.
I feel very uneasy.
I feel very unhappy.
I feel very unsafe.
I feel very unsatisfied.
I feel very unsettled.
I feel very unwell.
I feel very upset.
I feel very useful in my own job position.
I feel very well now.
I feel very well.
I feel victorious.
I feel vindicated by the ruling.
I feel violated a little bit.
I feel vulnerable, yet safe with you.
I feel vulnerable.
I feel warm all over.
I feel warm inside.
I feel warm now.
I feel warm.
I feel warmer already.
I feel warmer now.
I feel warmth in his smile when we meet.
I feel way better already.
I feel way better now.
I feel way more comfortable now.
I feel we belong together.
I feel we could be better.
I feel we did a great job.
I feel we must do something.
I feel we need to do that.
I feel we shall win.
I feel we should get married.
I feel we speak a different language.
I feel we speak different languages.
I feel we speak two different languages.
I feel we started off on the wrong foot.
I feel we understand each other.
I feel we're going to get better.
I feel we're prepared.
I feel we're speaking a different language.
I feel we're speaking different languages.
I feel we're speaking two different languages.
I feel we're up to the task.
I feel weak and dizzy.
I feel weak and vulnerable.
I feel weak today.
I feel weak.
I feel weird for some reason.
I feel weird. Maybe I should stop drinking.
I feel welcome here.
I feel well enough to get out of bed.
I feel well now.
I feel well today.
I feel well.
I feel when I enter an argument, I can intrinsically see the two sides of the argument.
I feel wholly responsible.
I feel wonderful.
I feel woozy.
I feel worn out by my repetitive days.
I feel worse every day.
I feel worse now than I did yesterday.
I feel worse now.
I feel worse than before.
I feel worse than you do.
I feel worse than you.
I feel worse today than I did yesterday.
I feel worse today than yesterday.
I feel worse today.
I feel worthless.
I feel wrong talking about Tom like this when he's not here to defend himself.
I feel years younger now.
I feel you can do well.
I feel you can help me.
I feel you can win.
I feel you haven't told me everything.
I feel you looking at me.
I feel you ought to go.
I feel you understand me.
I feel you watching me.
I feel you'll do well.
I feel you're ignoring me.
I feel you're not honest enough with me.
I feel you, buddy.
I feel you.
I feel young again.
I feel young and full of energy.
I feel young at heart.
I feel young today.
I feel young.
I feel younger already.
I feel younger when I'm with you.
I feel your absence deeply.
I feel your bitterness.
I feel your breath.
I feel your disapproval.
I feel your disgust on that one.
I feel your excitement.
I feel your frustration.
I feel your loneliness.
I feel your loss.
I feel your nervousness.
I feel your pain and loneliness.
I feel your pain, buddy.
I feel your pain.
I feel your rage.
I feel your sadness.
I feel your sorrow.
I feel your suffering.
I feel your weakness.
I feel your weariness.
I fell against the radiator.
I fell and Tom did, too.
I fell and broke my arm.
I fell and broke my hand.
I fell and broke my some bones in my right hand.
I fell and broke one of my ribs.
I fell and hit my tailbone.
I fell as I was walking down the street.
I fell asleep a few minutes into the movie.
I fell asleep almost at once.
I fell asleep and I started snoring.
I fell asleep around 2:30.
I fell asleep around midnight.
I fell asleep as soon as I hit the bed.
I fell asleep as soon as I sat down.
I fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow.
I fell asleep at 10 p.m.
I fell asleep at once.
I fell asleep at the wheel.
I fell asleep before I saw your last message.
I fell asleep before Tom got home.
I fell asleep before father came back home.
I fell asleep before my father came home.
I fell asleep before the end of the movie.
I fell asleep during class.
I fell asleep during the concert.
I fell asleep during the film.
I fell asleep during the lesson.
I fell asleep during the movie.
I fell asleep first.
I fell asleep for a few hours.
I fell asleep for a second.
I fell asleep in class yesterday.
I fell asleep in class.
I fell asleep in front of the TV.
I fell asleep in front of the television.
I fell asleep in front of the telly.
I fell asleep in history class.
I fell asleep in the bus.
I fell asleep in the middle of class.
I fell asleep in the middle of the lecture.
I fell asleep in the middle of the lesson.
I fell asleep listening to an audiobook.
I fell asleep listening to music.
I fell asleep listening to the radio.
I fell asleep on Tom's sofa.
I fell asleep on her shoulder.
I fell asleep on his shoulder.
I fell asleep on the beach.
I fell asleep on the bed.
I fell asleep on the bus and missed my stop.
I fell asleep on the couch today.
I fell asleep on the couch.
I fell asleep on the ground.
I fell asleep on the sofa today.
I fell asleep on the sofa.
I fell asleep on the subway and went all the way to end of the line.
I fell asleep on the train and when I woke up, the train was dark and all the doors were locked.
I fell asleep on the train.
I fell asleep on the tram and missed my stop.
I fell asleep on top of Sami.
I fell asleep quickly last night.
I fell asleep quickly.
I fell asleep reading a book.
I fell asleep right after my returning home.
I fell asleep right away.
I fell asleep round midnight.
I fell asleep soon after eating.
I fell asleep soon.
I fell asleep that night.
I fell asleep the moment I sat down.
I fell asleep there for a second.
I fell asleep this afternoon at the office.
I fell asleep to the soothing sound of raindrops.
I fell asleep watching TV.
I fell asleep while I was doing my homework.
I fell asleep while I was doing that.
I fell asleep while I was driving.
I fell asleep while I was listening to an audiobook.
I fell asleep while I was reading.
I fell asleep while I was waiting.
I fell asleep while I was watching TV.
I fell asleep while listening to the radio.
I fell asleep while reading a book.
I fell asleep while reading.
I fell asleep while studying at my desk.
I fell asleep while watching TV.
I fell asleep with a sweater on.
I fell asleep with my clothes on.
I fell asleep with my clothes still on.
I fell asleep with my contacts in.
I fell asleep with my laptop on.
I fell asleep with the radio on.
I fell asleep.
I fell back asleep.
I fell back on the reserve tank when the gas ran out.
I fell back.
I fell backwards.
I fell because I went down too fast.
I fell behind a little.
I fell behind on my tour group.
I fell behind the rest of the tour group.
I fell down a rabbit hole.
I fell down and bruised my knee.
I fell down and hurt my wrist.
I fell down and hurt myself.
I fell down on the ice.
I fell down outside.
I fell down really hard and got a black bruise on my knee.
I fell down the conlang rabbit hole after learning Esperanto, moving on to Interlingua, Ido, Toki Pona, and eventually Klingon.
I fell down the stairs and broke one of my legs.
I fell down the stairs and hit my back very hard.
I fell down the stairs and hit my head.
I fell down the stairs and received a serious blow to the back.
I fell down the stairs in my haste.
I fell down the stairs.
I fell down the steps.
I fell down.
I fell for Tom's lies.
I fell for her immediately.
I fell for her the first moment I saw her.
I fell for her.
I fell for him immediately.
I fell for him the first moment I saw him.
I fell for it.
I fell from a height.
I fell from a ladder yesterday.
I fell from a tree.
I fell from the first rung of the ladder.
I fell hook, line and sinker. I’m a million miles away.
I fell hopelessly in love with him.
I fell ill last week.
I fell ill last year.
I fell ill.
I fell in love at the first glance.
I fell in love in an unlikely place.
I fell in love with Berber.
I fell in love with Clarie.
I fell in love with Emily.
I fell in love with Islam.
I fell in love with Islamic architecture.
I fell in love with Jean Reno.
I fell in love with Mary and was so happy for a time.
I fell in love with Mary at first sight.
I fell in love with Mary long before she even knew who I was.
I fell in love with Mary the first time I saw her.
I fell in love with Mary the very first time I saw her.
I fell in love with Mary the very first time that I saw her.
I fell in love with Mary.
I fell in love with Tom and was so happy for a time.
I fell in love with Tom the day I met him.
I fell in love with Tom the first time I saw him.
I fell in love with Tom the first time that I saw him.
I fell in love with Tom.
I fell in love with a Canadian girl.
I fell in love with a girl I met in Australia last year.
I fell in love with a girl I met in Boston last year.
I fell in love with a girl from Boston.
I fell in love with a girl from Vienna.
I fell in love with a girl that I met in Australia last year.
I fell in love with a married man.
I fell in love with a matryoshka.
I fell in love with a woman.
I fell in love with an AI that misreads "binyuu" as "horochichi".
I fell in love with her at first sight.
I fell in love with her immediately.
I fell in love with her on first sight.
I fell in love with her the moment I met her.
I fell in love with her which sucks because I love my wife.
I fell in love with her, but she didn't fall in love with me.
I fell in love with her, but she wasn't in love with me.
I fell in love with her.
I fell in love with him at first sight.
I fell in love with him immediately.
I fell in love with him instantly.
I fell in love with him, and I don't care what you think.
I fell in love with him.
I fell in love with someone my parents didn't like.
I fell in love with that lady.
I fell in love with the Berber language.
I fell in love with the French language.
I fell in love with the charming female engineer.
I fell in love with the place.
I fell in love with the pure message of Islam.
I fell in love with you the first day we met.
I fell in love with you the instant I laid eyes on you.
I fell in love with you the instant I saw you.
I fell in love with you the moment I saw you.
I fell in love with you.
I fell in love.
I fell in the bathroom and lost my memory.
I fell in the pool.
I fell in the stream.
I fell into a deep depression.
I fell into a hole.
I fell into a trap.
I fell into company with him.
I fell into his arms.
I fell into his hands.
I fell into the black spiral of suffering.
I fell into the mud.
I fell into the pool.
I fell into the spikes.
I fell into the water.
I fell into the well.
I fell into your arms.
I fell madly in love with Tom.
I fell madly in love with her.
I fell madly in love with him.
I fell off as I was riding my bike and scraped my knee.
I fell off my bicycle.
I fell off my bike and scraped my knee.
I fell off my bike yesterday.
I fell off my bike, so my shoulder hurts.
I fell off my bike.
I fell off my chair.
I fell off my horse.
I fell off the boat.
I fell off the chair.
I fell off the ladder when I was picking apples.
I fell off the ladder.
I fell off the porch.
I fell off the roof.
I fell off the stage.
I fell off the tree but ended up hanging by the feet.
I fell on my back.
I fell on my knees and burst into tears.
I fell on the floor.
I fell out of the window when I was painting.
I fell out with Tom over money.
I fell over a ledge of rock into a gully below.
I fell over backwards.
I fell over in the school playground.
I fell over it and broke my leg.
I fell over.
I fell quickly asleep.
I fell sound asleep because I was very tired.
I fell sound asleep before I knew it.
I fell to the ground, and cried for the first time in my life.
I fell to the ground.
I fell very hard.
I fell very much in love with the Berber language.
I fell when I was running.
I fell while I was walking along the street.
I fell while walking along the street.
I fell, but no one tried to pull me up.
I fell.
I felled one.
I felt I came into the world to live among people, filling my days with human contact.
I felt I could tell him everything.
I felt I could trust Tom.
I felt I couldn't wait any longer.
I felt I didn't have a choice.
I felt I didn't need the money.
I felt I had hit the jackpot.
I felt I had no alternative.
I felt I had no choice but to do that.
I felt I had no choice.
I felt I had suddenly strayed into another world.
I felt I had to do something.
I felt I had to do that.
I felt I had to expose the whole truth, I just couldn't keep it hidden inside me.
I felt I had to intervene.
I felt I had to say something.
I felt I had to stay.
I felt I had to tell the plain truth, I just couldn't keep it all bloated inside me.
I felt I had to wait.
I felt I just had to get off the ship.
I felt I needed to break the routine.
I felt I needed to do something about that.
I felt I needed to do something.
I felt I needed to do that.
I felt I needed to help Tom.
I felt I needed to make amends.
I felt I owed Tom an explanation.
I felt I owed Tom the truth.
I felt I should apologize.
I felt I was being spied on.
I felt I was being used.
I felt I was being watched.
I felt I was completely alone.
I felt I was going to die.
I felt I was ready for that.
I felt I was safe there.
I felt I was unproperly and badly favored by fate.
I felt Tom trembling.
I felt Tom's forehead to see if he had a fever.
I felt Tom's forehead.
I felt Tom's sadness.
I felt a big disappointment.
I felt a bit better after I took a nap.
I felt a bit exhausted.
I felt a bit guilty.
I felt a bit jealous.
I felt a bit left out.
I felt a bit lonely.
I felt a bit nervous.
I felt a bit overcome by the scale of the implications.
I felt a bit pressured.
I felt a bit queasy.
I felt a bit shaken.
I felt a bit silly for asking him, but I always wanted to know how Tom puts on his pants, even though he uses a wheelchair.
I felt a bit sorry for Tom.
I felt a bit tired from swimming all morning.
I felt a bit tired.
I felt a bit uncomfortable at Tom's party.
I felt a bit woozy.
I felt a burden lifting from me.
I felt a burning sensation all over.
I felt a certain anxiety in my chest.
I felt a chill down my spine.
I felt a chill go down my spine.
I felt a chill when I went out of the house.
I felt a cold wind on my face.
I felt a deep pain.
I felt a deep sorrow.
I felt a drop of rain on my head.
I felt a drop of rain.
I felt a hand on my shoulder.
I felt a happiness I'd never felt before.
I felt a light touch on my shoulder.
I felt a little ashamed of myself.
I felt a little awkward.
I felt a little bit lonely.
I felt a little carsick.
I felt a little confused.
I felt a little disappointed.
I felt a little discouraged.
I felt a little dizzy.
I felt a little drowsy.
I felt a little guilty because I'd seen very little of my parents in the last few weeks.
I felt a little guilty.
I felt a little hungry.
I felt a little hurt.
I felt a little intimidated.
I felt a little jealous.
I felt a little left out.
I felt a little nervous.
I felt a little out of place.
I felt a little scared.
I felt a little sleepy.
I felt a little stiff.
I felt a little stressed.
I felt a little tired.
I felt a little under the weather.
I felt a little weak.
I felt a little weird.
I felt a little woozy.
I felt a lot better when we talked about it.
I felt a lot better.
I felt a lot of guilt.
I felt a lot of pain.
I felt a lot of pressure.
I felt a lot of sadness.
I felt a lump in my throat.
I felt a mix of excitement and guilt.
I felt a pang of guilt and regret inside me, but the giddiness of getting away with something so bold quickly overpowered that dread.
I felt a rush of energy.
I felt a sense of camaraderie between us.
I felt a sense of empathy towards the book's protagonist.
I felt a sense of isolation.
I felt a sense of relief.
I felt a severe pain in the shoulder.
I felt a severe pain on the shoulder.
I felt a sharp pain and I don't know what came next.
I felt a sharp pain in my chest.
I felt a sharp pain in my side.
I felt a sharp pain in my stomach all of a sudden.
I felt a sharp pain in my stomach.
I felt a sharp pain in the stomach.
I felt a sharp pain.
I felt a sharp sense of regret.
I felt a shiver run down my spine.
I felt a small tremor, but rather than an earthquake, it was just a truck driving by.
I felt a stab of jealousy.
I felt a sudden pain in my side.
I felt a sudden pain.
I felt a sudden urge to leave.
I felt a surge of liberation coursing through my veins.
I felt a tap on my shoulder.
I felt a terrible pain in my heart.
I felt a thrill of joy at the thought of seeing her soon.
I felt a touch of pain in my head.
I felt a twinge in my chest.
I felt a very sharp pain in my head, and I remember thinking to myself, this doesn’t feel right.
I felt a very sharp pain.
I felt a wave of dizziness, and when I looked up, Tom was gone.
I felt a wave of nausea when he appeared.
I felt absolutely foolish.
I felt afraid of being left alone, and for three whole days I wandered about the town in profound dejection, not knowing what to do with myself.
I felt afraid.
I felt after the switch in the dark.
I felt agitated.
I felt all alone.
I felt all on fire.
I felt all right.
I felt all the more sad to hear that.
I felt alone in Boston.
I felt alone in the bar.
I felt alone.
I felt amazing.
I felt an adrenaline rush.
I felt an impulse to cry out loud.
I felt an inexplicable jealous rage.
I felt an uncomfortable tightness in my chest.
I felt an urge to kiss Mary.
I felt angry.
I felt annoyed, as I didn't speak French.
I felt anxious.
I felt as calm as ever.
I felt as happy as if I were still dreaming.
I felt as if I had no choice.
I felt as if I were an uninvited guest.
I felt as if I were dreaming.
I felt as if I were floating.
I felt as if I were in a dream.
I felt as if I'd been punched in my stomach.
I felt as if a cold hand was touching me.
I felt as if a lorry had run over me.
I felt as if a million eyes were looking at me.
I felt as if he shrank from meeting me.
I felt as if my face were on fire.
I felt as if my life had been shortened.
I felt as though there were no higher bliss.
I felt ashamed because I couldn't do that.
I felt ashamed.
I felt at ease.
I felt at home.
I felt at the time like I was in love with Sami.
I felt attracted to Tom.
I felt attracted to her.
I felt attracted to him.
I felt awful.
I felt awkward around them.
I felt awkward.
I felt bad about canceling my appointment.
I felt bad about it all day.
I felt bad about picking on him.
I felt bad about that.
I felt bad about what I did.
I felt bad after eating.
I felt bad afterwards.
I felt bad for Tom.
I felt bad for leaving her.
I felt bad leaving you alone.
I felt bad, so I was admitted into the hospital. However, it turned out that there was nothing really wrong with me.
I felt bad.
I felt beautiful.
I felt betrayed and humiliated.
I felt betrayed.
I felt better after I took a rest.
I felt better after I took the medicine that Tom gave me.
I felt better after a short break.
I felt better after eating something sugary.
I felt better after taking a short break.
I felt better after taking the medicine the doctor had prescribed.
I felt better after talking to Tom.
I felt better right away.
I felt better the next morning.
I felt better to hear that.
I felt better.
I felt bored.
I felt bullied.
I felt calm and relaxed.
I felt cheated.
I felt cold and uncomfortable all night.
I felt cold and uncomfortable the entire night.
I felt cold and uneasy all night.
I felt cold.
I felt coldness even though I was sitting in the sun.
I felt comfortable there.
I felt comfortable with Tom.
I felt comfortable.
I felt compelled to do something.
I felt compelled to do that.
I felt compelled to go.
I felt compelled to say something.
I felt compelled to speak.
I felt compelled to write Tom a letter.
I felt completely happy.
I felt completely helpless.
I felt completely humiliated.
I felt completely out of my element.
I felt completely petrified.
I felt confident about my direction ahead.
I felt confused.
I felt constrained to help her.
I felt cornered.
I felt cramped sitting in the back seat with all the luggage.
I felt dazed when I got up.
I felt deep sorrow at his death.
I felt defeated.
I felt depressed.
I felt desperate.
I felt different.
I felt dirty after helping him.
I felt dirty and ashamed.
I felt disappointed.
I felt disgust at his behavior.
I felt disoriented.
I felt disrespected.
I felt disturbed at the sad news.
I felt dizzy and fainted.
I felt dizzy and nauseous.
I felt dizzy when I got up.
I felt dizzy.
I felt drawn to his story.
I felt drawn toward Tom.
I felt drawn toward her.
I felt drawn toward him.
I felt dreadful watching Serial Experiments Lain, but I believe it's one of the best animes ever made.
I felt drowsy, so I decided to take a nap.
I felt drowsy.
I felt dumb.
I felt embarrassed at first.
I felt embarrassed yet relieved.
I felt embarrassed.
I felt empty inside.
I felt encouraged to hear what he said.
I felt even smaller.
I felt everyone's glare land on me all at once.
I felt exactly the same way.
I felt excited.
I felt excluded.
I felt excruciating pain in my left big toe.
I felt exhausted when the game was over.
I felt exhausted.
I felt extremely embarrassed.
I felt extremely intimidated.
I felt extremely sorry for Tom.
I felt extremely vulnerable.
I felt faint with hunger.
I felt fantastic.
I felt fear.
I felt feelings of guilt at the things I did.
I felt fine this morning until I noticed what they'd done to me. I'm feeling so aggrieved.
I felt fine.
I felt followed.
I felt foolish.
I felt for Tom, who was away from home, when he said in a lonely voice, "It doesn't snow here."
I felt for the light switch in the dark.
I felt for the poor dog.
I felt for the switch in the dark.
I felt for the torch.
I felt frozen with fear.
I felt frustrated.
I felt giddy.
I felt good about that.
I felt good about what happened today.
I felt good at practice today.
I felt good today.
I felt good tonight.
I felt good, I saw so much white light, I felt surrounded by angels.
I felt good.
I felt gratitude.
I felt great all day.
I felt great.
I felt guilty about it.
I felt guilty about what I'd done.
I felt guilty and sad.
I felt guilty, even though I didn't do anything wrong.
I felt guilty, even though I hadn't done anything wrong.
I felt guilty.
I felt happy for the rest of the day.
I felt happy.
I felt helpless.
I felt her eyes on my back.
I felt him hesitate in responding to my embrace.
I felt his hand graze my hair.
I felt his presence near me.
I felt his silence insulting me.
I felt homesick.
I felt horrible.
I felt hot and sticky.
I felt hot.
I felt humiliated and wanted to leave.
I felt humiliated when he spat me on my face.
I felt humiliated.
I felt hungry after the long walk.
I felt hungry, so I went into the kitchen to get something to eat.
I felt hungry.
I felt hurt by your words.
I felt hurt.
I felt ignored.
I felt ill and was admitted to the hospital, but in the event, it was nothing serious.
I felt ill at ease in the presence of the principal.
I felt ill at ease.
I felt ill.
I felt ill. Why?
I felt immediately a bit better.
I felt in my pocket for my keys.
I felt in my pocket for my wallet.
I felt in my pockets for my keys.
I felt inadequate to the task.
I felt incredible.
I felt incredibly awkward.
I felt incredibly comfortable.
I felt incredibly happy.
I felt incredibly nervous.
I felt incredibly stupid.
I felt incredibly thankful when I saw those hikers coming to his help.
I felt insecure.
I felt insulted when he kept silent.
I felt insulted.
I felt intense pain.
I felt intimidated at the beginning when I heard them speaking Berber around me.
I felt intimidated.
I felt invincible.
I felt invisible in her presence sometimes.
I felt irritated.
I felt isolated and embattled.
I felt isolated and unwelcome amongst those racists.
I felt isolated.
I felt it my duty to do so.
I felt it was a relatively difficult jigsaw puzzle.
I felt it was fair.
I felt it was love right away.
I felt it was my duty to come.
I felt it was my duty to do it.
I felt it was my duty to do that.
I felt it was necessary to do it.
I felt it was necessary to do that.
I felt it was necessary, so I did it.
I felt it was necessary, so I did that.
I felt it was safe there.
I felt it was worth the risk.
I felt it wasn't safe there either.
I felt it wasn't safe there.
I felt it would be better to come alone.
I felt it.
I felt jealous.
I felt kind of awestruck.
I felt kind of envious.
I felt kind of guilty.
I felt kind of intimidated.
I felt kind of jealous.
I felt kind of nervous.
I felt kind of sleepy.
I felt kind of sorry for Tom.
I felt kind of sorry for her.
I felt kind of sorry for him.
I felt kind of sorry for them.
I felt kind of sorry for you.
I felt kind of strange.
I felt kind of stupid.
I felt kind of tense.
I felt kind of tipsy.
I felt kind of weird.
I felt kind of woozy.
I felt left out.
I felt lied to and cheated.
I felt light as a feather.
I felt lightheaded when I stood up.
I felt lightheaded.
I felt like God.
I felt like I belonged there.
I felt like I could do anything.
I felt like I couldn't breathe.
I felt like I deserved it.
I felt like I didn't belong there.
I felt like I had always lived in Algeria.
I felt like I had no choice but to do that.
I felt like I had no choice.
I felt like I had no other choice but to end my life.
I felt like I had to do that.
I felt like I had to say something.
I felt like I have never been away.
I felt like I might throw up when I saw him.
I felt like I needed to say something.
I felt like I really belonged there.
I felt like I understood him, even though we didn't see eye to eye.
I felt like I was a bit overdressed since everyone else was wearing jeans.
I felt like I was alone.
I felt like I was being ignored.
I felt like I was being pushed aside.
I felt like I was being targeted by the teacher.
I felt like I was betraying Tom.
I felt like I was dead.
I felt like I was dying.
I felt like I was dying. I got under the covers and shivered. Kidney stones are nothing to joke about.
I felt like I was floating in space.
I felt like I was flying.
I felt like I was going crazy.
I felt like I was going to be sick.
I felt like I was going to die.
I felt like I was going to puke.
I felt like I was going to throw up.
I felt like I was going to vomit.
I felt like I was in a dream.
I felt like I was in church.
I felt like I was in heaven.
I felt like I was intruding.
I felt like I was living in a fairy tale.
I felt like I was never welcome in any group of people when I was still a student.
I felt like I was on my own.
I felt like I was petrified with fear.
I felt like I was spinning my wheels and not getting anywhere.
I felt like I was spinning my wheels and not making any progress.
I felt like I was spinning my wheels.
I felt like I was unstoppable.
I felt like I was very ugly.
I felt like I would die.
I felt like I'd been hit by a truck.
I felt like I've been betrayed.
I felt like a big fool.
I felt like a bird in a cage.
I felt like a deer in the headlights.
I felt like a fish out of water at this firm.
I felt like a fish out of water.
I felt like a fool.
I felt like a king.
I felt like a moron.
I felt like a rock star.
I felt like a rubberneck as I watched the firefighters battle the blaze.
I felt like a shudder was sent through me.
I felt like a slumlord.
I felt like a sucker.
I felt like a victim.
I felt like an animal.
I felt like an idiot.
I felt like an impostor.
I felt like an outcast among those people.
I felt like an outcast.
I felt like an outsider there.
I felt like being alone.
I felt like coming alone.
I felt like crawling under a rock.
I felt like crying at the news.
I felt like crying when I heard the news.
I felt like crying.
I felt like dancing.
I felt like doing that yesterday.
I felt like doing that.
I felt like dying at the idea.
I felt like evil came over me and I couldn't stop until I was done beating Layla to death.
I felt like giving up.
I felt like going out for a walk.
I felt like going out, but I had no money at all.
I felt like hearing his voice again.
I felt like hitting him when he tried to cheat me.
I felt like it was a good choice.
I felt like killing myself.
I felt like laughing, but I didn't dare.
I felt like laughing.
I felt like my head was about to explode.
I felt like my life was over.
I felt like reading the detective story.
I felt like running away.
I felt like screaming and crying.
I felt like screaming.
I felt like seven suns have risen inside of me.
I felt like singing loudly when the exam was over.
I felt like slapping her in the face.
I felt like smiling.
I felt like something bad was about to happen.
I felt like staying in bed for three days straight.
I felt like such an idiot.
I felt like swearing, but I contained myself.
I felt like swimming at the sight of the pool.
I felt like talking to somebody then.
I felt like talking to someone.
I felt like tearing my hair out.
I felt like the luckiest man in the world.
I felt like the luckiest man on earth.
I felt like the whole school was at me.
I felt like throwing up.
I felt like walking home.
I felt lonely without her.
I felt lonely without him.
I felt lonely.
I felt lost without Tom.
I felt lost without her.
I felt lost without him.
I felt lost without you.
I felt lousy nonetheless.
I felt lousy.
I felt loved.
I felt lucky.
I felt manipulated.
I felt miserable for a few days.
I felt miserable.
I felt more than ever that these people knew something of the matter.
I felt motivated to do that.
I felt much better after a hot bath.
I felt much better.
I felt much more relaxed.
I felt much relieved to hear the news.
I felt my anxiety rise.
I felt my face getting red.
I felt my face grow red.
I felt my face turn pale when I heard that sound.
I felt my face turn red.
I felt my hands shaking and my heart beating fast.
I felt my hands tremble.
I felt my head spinning.
I felt my heart beat violently.
I felt my heart beating fast.
I felt my heart beating rapidly.
I felt my heart beating violently.
I felt my heart beating wildly.
I felt my heart beating.
I felt my heart pound after running a little.
I felt my heart pounding.
I felt my heart quicken.
I felt my heart race while I was strolling.
I felt my heartaches, I was afraid of following you.
I felt my leg shaking.
I felt my life was in danger.
I felt my phone start to vibrate.
I felt my phone vibrate and pulled it out of my pocket.
I felt my phone vibrate in my pocket.
I felt my phone vibrating in my pocket.
I felt my way forwards and found a light switch.
I felt my way in the dark.
I felt my way to the door.
I felt my whole body tremble.
I felt myself being lifted up.
I felt myself dying while saying it.
I felt myself flush.
I felt myself getting hungry.
I felt myself getting sleepy.
I felt myself getting stronger.
I felt myself getting weaker.
I felt myself growing stronger.
I felt myself insulted when he kept silence.
I felt myself lifted up.
I felt myself slipping into the abyss of shame.
I felt myself touched on the shoulder.
I felt myself weakening.
I felt naked in a strange world. I felt as perhaps a bird may feel in the clear air, knowing the hawk wings above and will swoop.
I felt naked without my gun.
I felt naked.
I felt nauseous and dizzy.
I felt nauseous.
I felt neglected.
I felt nervous with so many people watching me.
I felt nervous.
I felt no guilt at all.
I felt no pain when the nurse gave me the injection.
I felt no pressure to do that.
I felt nothing at all.
I felt nothing.
I felt numb.
I felt obligated to do that.
I felt obligated to help Tom.
I felt obligated to help.
I felt obligated to say something.
I felt obligated.
I felt obliged to write Tom a letter.
I felt offended.
I felt on top of the world when I saw Ali again.
I felt on top of the world.
I felt out of breath.
I felt out of place in the expensive restaurant.
I felt out of place with my ratty pants and wrinkled shirt.
I felt out of place.
I felt overdressed.
I felt overflowing with love for my daughter.
I felt overwhelmed by all I had to do.
I felt overwhelmed.
I felt pain all over.
I felt pain.
I felt passion from that good presentation.
I felt perfectly happy.
I felt persecuted.
I felt pity for the boy.
I felt positive about my journey ahead.
I felt powerless.
I felt pressure on my shoulder and turned around.
I felt pressured to do that.
I felt pretty alone.
I felt pretty bad.
I felt pretty comfortable there.
I felt pretty comfortable.
I felt pretty good about it.
I felt pretty good actually.
I felt pretty good.
I felt pretty happy.
I felt pretty lucky.
I felt pretty ripped off.
I felt pretty sure I was right.
I felt pretty sure that I was right.
I felt pretty uncomfortable.
I felt profound reverence for the courageous mother.
I felt protected, I felt wrapped up, I felt welcomed.
I felt proud.
I felt quite alone.
I felt quite relieved after I had said all I wanted to say.
I felt quite relieved.
I felt quite threatened.
I felt rage mounting inside me.
I felt rather lucky.
I felt rather puzzled.
I felt ready to give in because of my miserable failure.
I felt really alone.
I felt really anxious.
I felt really awful when I realized what I'd done.
I felt really awkward.
I felt really bad about what I'd done.
I felt really bad about what had happened.
I felt really bad for Tom.
I felt really bad when I realized what I'd done.
I felt really bad.
I felt really depressed.
I felt really dumb.
I felt really embarrassed.
I felt really excited.
I felt really fit and strong.
I felt really good.
I felt really intimidated.
I felt really left out.
I felt really lonely after Tom left.
I felt really lonely once Tom left.
I felt really lonely.
I felt really miserable.
I felt really positive.
I felt really proud.
I felt really scared.
I felt really stupid.
I felt really tense.
I felt really terrible about that.
I felt really threatened.
I felt really uncomfortable there.
I felt really uncomfortable.
I felt really uneasy.
I felt reassured.
I felt reborn.
I felt refreshed after a swim in the pool.
I felt refreshed after showering.
I felt refreshed.
I felt rejected.
I felt rejection.
I felt rejuvenated.
I felt relaxed.
I felt relieved when all the troubles were taken care of.
I felt relieved when my plane landed safely.
I felt relieved.
I felt remorse for what I had done.
I felt repulsed.
I felt resentment against my uncle for deceiving me.
I felt responsible for Tom's accident.
I felt responsible for Tom.
I felt responsible.
I felt rested.
I felt rushed.
I felt sad and lonely.
I felt sad and you were far away.
I felt sad for no reason.
I felt sad rather than angry.
I felt sad.
I felt safe as soon as I got home.
I felt safe in his strong arms.
I felt safe in the house.
I felt safe inside the cave.
I felt safe once I got home.
I felt safe there.
I felt safe when he was with me.
I felt safe.
I felt safer.
I felt satisfied.
I felt scared all the time.
I felt scared.
I felt seasick.
I felt sick all day long.
I felt sick and went to the hospital.
I felt sick as soon as he told me he was a caprophage.
I felt sick to my stomach.
I felt sick when I saw him.
I felt sick.
I felt sleepy in the lethargic air of Sunday afternoon.
I felt small and insignificant.
I felt snubbed.
I felt so alone for a while.
I felt so alone.
I felt so angry.
I felt so ashamed of myself.
I felt so ashamed.
I felt so bad.
I felt so betrayed.
I felt so embarrassed.
I felt so encouraged when I heard that.
I felt so exposed, so I put something back on.
I felt so good as I lazed in the sunshine that I drifted off to sleep.
I felt so good.
I felt so guilty about it.
I felt so guilty.
I felt so helpless.
I felt so humiliated.
I felt so isolated.
I felt so lonely.
I felt so out of place.
I felt so refreshed after a swim in the pool.
I felt so sleepy that I could hardly keep my eyes open.
I felt so stupid.
I felt so uncomfortable.
I felt so violated.
I felt so weird.
I felt somebody pat me on the shoulder.
I felt somebody patting on my shoulder from behind.
I felt somebody tap me on the shoulder.
I felt somebody touch my shoulder.
I felt someone hit me from behind.
I felt someone touch my arm.
I felt something crawling across my foot.
I felt something crawling on my arm.
I felt something crawling on my back.
I felt something crawling up my arm.
I felt something crawling up my leg.
I felt something good was about to happen.
I felt something hit me in the stomach.
I felt something important was going to happen.
I felt something move in the house.
I felt something moving on my back.
I felt something touch me.
I felt something touch my feet.
I felt something touch my foot.
I felt something was about to happen.
I felt something was off.
I felt something was wrong with her.
I felt something was wrong.
I felt something wasn't right.
I felt sore when I got out of bed this morning.
I felt sorry for Layla's family.
I felt sorry for Skura.
I felt sorry for Tom's family.
I felt sorry for Tom.
I felt sorry for her when I heard her story.
I felt sorry for her.
I felt sorry for him as I listened to his story.
I felt sorry for him.
I felt sorry for the boy.
I felt sorry for the poor dog.
I felt sorry for this poor dog.
I felt sorry for you.
I felt special.
I felt strangely calm.
I felt stressed.
I felt strong.
I felt strongly embarrassed.
I felt stunned.
I felt stupid trying to help Tom with his homework.
I felt stupid.
I felt sure this would happen.
I felt sympathy for Tom.
I felt sympathy for him.
I felt tears come into my eyes.
I felt tears welling up in my eyes.
I felt tempted.
I felt terrible that day.
I felt terrible.
I felt terribly guilty.
I felt terribly insecure.
I felt terrific.
I felt terrified.
I felt thankful for that.
I felt that I had a lot to offer.
I felt that I had no alternative.
I felt that I had no choice but to do that.
I felt that I needed to do something.
I felt that I owed Tom an explanation.
I felt that I should apologize.
I felt that I should help Tom.
I felt that I should help her.
I felt that I was being spied on.
I felt that I was being treated unfairly.
I felt that I was being watched.
I felt that I was ready for that.
I felt that I was safe there.
I felt that Tom wasn't doing everything he should have been doing.
I felt that Tom wasn't doing everything he should've been doing.
I felt that he could teach me to read.
I felt that he skirted around the most important issues.
I felt that he was a kindred spirit as soon as ever I saw him.
I felt that it was necessary to do that.
I felt that it was safe there.
I felt that it wasn't fair.
I felt that it wasn't safe there either.
I felt that it wasn't safe there.
I felt that it would be rude if I held her hand now.
I felt that my honor was at stake.
I felt that my life was in danger.
I felt that something was amiss.
I felt that something was off.
I felt that that somewhere in this world a mission which I knew nothing about yet was waiting for me.
I felt that that was too good a chance to miss.
I felt that that wasn't fair.
I felt that the plan was unwise.
I felt that the timing wasn't right.
I felt that they were wrong.
I felt that was too good a chance to miss.
I felt that wasn't fair.
I felt that way, too.
I felt that we could've done better.
I felt that we were going to die.
I felt that.
I felt the brush of her hand against me.
I felt the cat's pretty, white fur.
I felt the cold snow on my face.
I felt the cold wind come into the hall.
I felt the earth shake under my feet.
I felt the earth shake.
I felt the earthquake.
I felt the engine running.
I felt the exact same way.
I felt the floor shake.
I felt the ground shake.
I felt the house shake a little. Didn't you?
I felt the house shake a little. Didn’t you?
I felt the house shake.
I felt the house shaking terribly.
I felt the house shaking.
I felt the house was haunted.
I felt the leaves.
I felt the loss.
I felt the need to apologise.
I felt the need to apologize.
I felt the need to do something.
I felt the need to do that, even though everyone said it wasn't necessary.
I felt the rain on my face.
I felt the richer for having read the book.
I felt the same way Tom did.
I felt the same way about Tom.
I felt the same way about that as Tom did.
I felt the same way when I first saw Japan from a plane.
I felt the same way you did about that.
I felt the same way.
I felt the same.
I felt the sweat trickle down my brow.
I felt the tension grow between us.
I felt the tension in the air.
I felt the terror of my neighbors after the earthquake.
I felt the timing wasn't right.
I felt the train begin to move as soon as I sat down.
I felt the urge to leave.
I felt the wind blowing on my face.
I felt their pain, and suffered with them.
I felt there was no need to do that.
I felt thoroughly lost in the crowded Ginza.
I felt threatened by them.
I felt threatened.
I felt tired after having worked for hours.
I felt tired after working all day on the farm.
I felt tired after working all day.
I felt tired all the time.
I felt tired and run down.
I felt tired from having worked for hours.
I felt tired last night.
I felt tired.
I felt totally alone.
I felt totally clueless.
I felt totally helpless.
I felt trapped.
I felt tricked.
I felt unappreciated.
I felt uncomfortable and wanted to leave, but I stayed.
I felt uncomfortable because I couldn't speak French.
I felt uncomfortable because everyone was staring at me.
I felt uncomfortable there.
I felt uncomfortable with the whole situation.
I felt uncomfortable with those kids loitering around in the train.
I felt uncomfortable, so I left.
I felt uncomfortable, so I went home.
I felt uncomfortable.
I felt underdressed.
I felt understood by him.
I felt uneasy.
I felt unfulfilled.
I felt unsatisfied.
I felt unwanted.
I felt unwell and I went to hospital, but it turned out to be nothing serious.
I felt unwell.
I felt used.
I felt utterly humiliated.
I felt utterly out of place among those sophisticated people.
I felt utterly overwhelmed.
I felt very anxious.
I felt very awkward.
I felt very bad about what had happened.
I felt very bad for Tom.
I felt very bad.
I felt very cold.
I felt very comfortable taking charge.
I felt very comfortable with Tom.
I felt very confident.
I felt very disappointed.
I felt very dizzy.
I felt very embarrassed.
I felt very guilty about what happened.
I felt very happy.
I felt very helpless.
I felt very insecure.
I felt very insulted.
I felt very intimidated.
I felt very isolated.
I felt very light on my feet afterwards.
I felt very lonely there.
I felt very lonely.
I felt very motivated when I woke up today.
I felt very neglected.
I felt very nervous.
I felt very peaceful.
I felt very proud.
I felt very relieved for an instant.
I felt very relieved when I heard the news.
I felt very sad when I heard the news.
I felt very sad.
I felt very safe.
I felt very scared.
I felt very sleepy.
I felt very sorry about the delay.
I felt very sorry about the sudden death of my friend's father.
I felt very sorry about the sudden death of my friend’s father.
I felt very sorry for Tom.
I felt very sorry that I had put them to so much trouble.
I felt very strange.
I felt very strongly about it.
I felt very tired.
I felt very troubled by the news.
I felt very uncomfortable.
I felt very uneasy.
I felt very unhappy.
I felt very unsafe.
I felt very vulnerable.
I felt vindicated.
I felt violated.
I felt vulnerable.
I felt weak in the knees.
I felt weak.
I felt weird about using two accounts, even though I wasn't the only one.
I felt winded after running up the stairs.
I felt wonderful.
I felt woozy.
I felt worried.
I felt wronged.
I felt your body shake when I kissed you. You still love me, Layla. Don't lie to me... I can still feel that you love me.
I felt your lips.
I ferociously smashed my phone on the floor.
I fight almost every day.
I fight badly.
I fight for justice.
I fight for my family.
I fight for my life.
I fight for peas.
I fight forest fires.
I fight in the cause of justice.
I fight my own battles.
I fight, life fights!
I figure it'll take one or two days.
I figure it's about time we were going.
I figure it's about time we're going.
I figure it's because when I'm driving around, my zip code keeps changing.
I figure it’s because when I’m driving around, my zip code keeps changing.
I figure my vote won't change anything.
I figure that it'll take one or two days.
I figure that it's about time we were going.
I figure that my vote won't change anything.
I figure that my vote won’t change anything.
I figure that she will succeed in her business.
I figure that there is no point in trying to persuade him.
I figure that there isn't any point in trying to persuade Tom.
I figure that there's no point in trying to persuade Tom to do that.
I figure that there's no point in trying to persuade Tom.
I figure that we have a day or two before Tom gets here.
I figure there's no point in trying to persuade Tom to do that.
I figure there's no point in trying to persuade Tom.
I figure there's something wrong with Tom.
I figure we have a day or two before Tom and Mary get here.
I figure we have a day or two before Tom gets here.
I figured I could be of some help.
I figured I could count on you.
I figured I could do that.
I figured I could trust Tom.
I figured I could trust her.
I figured I could trust him.
I figured I could trust them.
I figured I could trust you.
I figured I had enough money.
I figured I might be able to help.
I figured I might find you here.
I figured I should start watching.
I figured I'd be able to do that.
I figured I'd be safe here.
I figured I'd find you here.
I figured Tom and Mary were asleep.
I figured Tom and Mary were sleeping.
I figured Tom and Mary weren't old enough.
I figured Tom could do that.
I figured Tom might be interested in helping.
I figured Tom needed help.
I figured Tom probably did it.
I figured Tom probably did that.
I figured Tom was asleep.
I figured Tom was sleeping.
I figured Tom wasn't going to go, so I went.
I figured Tom wasn't old enough.
I figured Tom would be here.
I figured Tom would be older.
I figured Tom would be worried.
I figured Tom would do that.
I figured Tom would like Mary.
I figured Tom would mess up again.
I figured Tom would never find it.
I figured Tom would panic.
I figured Tom would say that.
I figured Tom would win.
I figured Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
I figured Tom wouldn't come.
I figured Tom wouldn't know the answer.
I figured a change of scenery might do us good.
I figured everybody knew that.
I figured everybody was busy.
I figured everybody was happy.
I figured everybody was hungry.
I figured everyone knew that.
I figured everyone was busy.
I figured everyone was happy.
I figured everyone was hungry.
I figured he would ignore the response.
I figured if Tom could do it, I could too.
I figured if Tom could do that, I could too.
I figured it couldn't hurt.
I figured it had to be good.
I figured it might be better if I didn't talk to Tom.
I figured it out alone.
I figured it out by myself.
I figured it out myself.
I figured it out on my own.
I figured it out.
I figured it was an omen.
I figured it was better not to do anything without your permission.
I figured it was better not to go without you.
I figured it was better not to interrupt you.
I figured it was easier to ask Tom to do that than to do it myself.
I figured it was easier to do it this way.
I figured it was love at first glance.
I figured it was something like that.
I figured it was worth a try.
I figured it would be difficult to do.
I figured it would be easy to do.
I figured it would be hard to do.
I figured it wouldn't hurt to wait for a few more minutes.
I figured it wouldn’t hurt to wait for a few more minutes.
I figured out a way to make more money.
I figured out every word in the crossword puzzle except the last one.
I figured out how to do that by myself.
I figured out how to do that on my own.
I figured out how to do that.
I figured out how to solve the problem.
I figured out she was American by her accent.
I figured out what I did wrong last time.
I figured out what I need to do.
I figured out what the problem is.
I figured out what we need to do.
I figured out what we should do.
I figured out where Tom is.
I figured out where Tom was.
I figured out why the machine wouldn't work.
I figured out why the machine wouldn’t work.
I figured something like this was going to happen.
I figured something was up.
I figured something was wrong.
I figured that I could be of some help.
I figured that I could count on you.
I figured that I could do that.
I figured that I could trust Tom.
I figured that I could trust you.
I figured that I had enough money.
I figured that I might be able to help.
I figured that I might find you here.
I figured that I should start watching.
I figured that I'd be able to do that.
I figured that I'd be safe here.
I figured that I'd find you here.
I figured that Tom could do that.
I figured that Tom might be interested in helping.
I figured that Tom needed help.
I figured that Tom probably did it.
I figured that Tom probably did that.
I figured that Tom was asleep.
I figured that Tom was sleeping.
I figured that Tom wasn't going to go, so I went.
I figured that Tom wasn't old enough.
I figured that Tom would be here.
I figured that Tom would be older.
I figured that Tom would do that.
I figured that Tom would like Mary.
I figured that Tom would mess up again.
I figured that Tom would never find it.
I figured that Tom would panic.
I figured that Tom would say that.
I figured that Tom would win.
I figured that Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
I figured that Tom wouldn't come.
I figured that Tom wouldn't know the answer.
I figured that a change of scenery might do us good.
I figured that everybody knew that.
I figured that everybody was busy.
I figured that everybody was happy.
I figured that everybody was hungry.
I figured that everyone knew that.
I figured that everyone was busy.
I figured that everyone was happy.
I figured that everyone was hungry.
I figured that if Tom could do it, I could too.
I figured that if Tom could do that, I could too.
I figured that it couldn't hurt.
I figured that it had to be good.
I figured that it might be better if I didn't talk to Tom.
I figured that it was better not to do anything without your permission.
I figured that it was better not to go without you.
I figured that it was better not to interrupt you.
I figured that it was easier to ask Tom to do that than to do it myself.
I figured that it was easier to do it this way.
I figured that it was worth a try.
I figured that it would be difficult to do.
I figured that it would be easy to do.
I figured that it would be hard to do.
I figured that it wouldn't hurt to wait for a few more minutes.
I figured that might be the case.
I figured that much out for myself.
I figured that out a long time ago.
I figured that out pretty quickly.
I figured that out.
I figured that something like this was going to happen.
I figured that something was up.
I figured that that might be the case.
I figured that that would be your answer.
I figured that that would make you laugh.
I figured that they would enjoy that.
I figured that this might come in handy.
I figured that this would happen eventually.
I figured that this would happen.
I figured that would be a problem.
I figured that would be your answer.
I figured that would make you laugh.
I figured that you already knew that.
I figured that you could use some help.
I figured that you might be busy now.
I figured that you might be hungry by now.
I figured that you might change your mind.
I figured that you might know who Tom went with.
I figured that you might know why Tom left early.
I figured that you might need some help.
I figured that you might want a drink.
I figured that you might want this.
I figured that you must be hungry by now.
I figured that you should know.
I figured that you weren't coming.
I figured that you would understand.
I figured that you wouldn't come.
I figured that you wouldn't want Tom to know about this.
I figured that you wouldn't want the teacher to know you hadn't done your homework yet.
I figured that you wouldn't want to drink coffee so late at night.
I figured that you wouldn't want to go there without me.
I figured that you'd be dealing with it.
I figured that you'd be here.
I figured that you'd be impressed.
I figured that you'd enjoy this movie.
I figured that you'd probably never want to see me again.
I figured that you'd tell me when you wanted to.
I figured that you'd understand.
I figured that you'd want to know.
I figured they would enjoy that.
I figured this might come in handy.
I figured this would happen eventually.
I figured this would happen.
I figured you already knew that.
I figured you could use some help.
I figured you might be busy now.
I figured you might be hungry by now.
I figured you might be hungry.
I figured you might change your mind.
I figured you might know who Tom went with.
I figured you might know why Tom left early.
I figured you might need some help.
I figured you might want a drink.
I figured you might want this.
I figured you must be hungry by now.
I figured you should know.
I figured you were hungry.
I figured you weren't coming.
I figured you would understand.
I figured you wouldn't come.
I figured you wouldn't want Tom to know about this.
I figured you wouldn't want the teacher to know you hadn't done your homework yet.
I figured you wouldn't want to drink coffee so late at night.
I figured you wouldn't want to go there without me.
I figured you'd be dealing with it.
I figured you'd be here.
I figured you'd be impressed.
I figured you'd enjoy this movie.
I figured you'd get there eventually.
I figured you'd probably never want to see me again.
I figured you'd tell me when you wanted to.
I figured you'd understand.
I figured you'd want to know.
I figured, why not?
I figured.
I file suits against them all.
I filed a criminal complaint against Tom.
I filed a missing persons report.
I filed a patent.
I filed charges against him for assault.
I fill my pockets with candy when I go to see the kids.
I fill up my humidifier, pull down the blind over my window, and tuck myself in between a pair of well-worn, scratchy cotton sheets.
I filled a glass.
I filled a vase with water.
I filled both glasses with water.
I filled both glasses with wine.
I filled in a questionnaire.
I filled in my name on the form.
I filled in my name on the paper.
I filled in my own name on the form.
I filled in the blanks.
I filled in the form carefully.
I filled it with garlic for her.
I filled my glass once more with wine, and was again about to drink, when the face reappeared at the window.
I filled my shopping basket with fruits.
I filled one.
I filled out the form carefully.
I filled the bath with water.
I filled the bathtub.
I filled the bucket with water.
I filled the cup.
I filled the cups quickly.
I filled the form in carefully.
I filled the glass.
I filled the jug to the brim.
I filled the pail with water.
I filled the pool with water.
I filled the tank up.
I filled the tub.
I filled this glass with milk.
I filled three thick notebooks with German sentences.
I filled up the bathtub and got in.
I filled up the form.
I filled up the jacuzzi with hot water.
I filled up the tank.
I filled up the vase with water.
I film all my videos in Berber.
I film my videos in Berber.
I filmed a video speaking in Berber.
I filmed that.
I filmed this in Algeria.
I filmed this video in Kabylie, Algeria.
I finally agreed to do that.
I finally agreed to join Tom's band.
I finally agreed.
I finally arrived at Rima's house.
I finally ate something substantial.
I finally beat Tom at chess.
I finally beat Tom.
I finally beat her.
I finally beat him.
I finally beat the odds.
I finally beat them.
I finally bought the toy.
I finally broke down and bought the game my son had been asking me for.
I finally bumped into someone who speaks English.
I finally called it a night.
I finally came back home.
I finally came up with a great idea.
I finally caught my breath five minutes after I finished the footrace.
I finally caught up with my friends.
I finally caught up with the others.
I finally completed my long-awaited book.
I finally completed one hundred sentences on Tatoeba!
I finally contacted him by phone.
I finally convinced Tom to leave.
I finally could sleep.
I finally crossed the threshold of that house.
I finally decided to go and see Tom.
I finally defeated Tom.
I finally did that.
I finally escaped.
I finally feel appreciated.
I finally feel like I am adjusting now.
I finally feel like I can take some time off.
I finally feel like everything's going my way.
I finally feel like everything's under control.
I finally feel like myself again.
I finally feel rested.
I finally fell asleep.
I finally finished a drawing that I started about a month ago.
I finally finished reading the grammar book.
I finally finished the job.
I finally finished the test.
I finally finished writing the report.
I finally finished writing this essay.
I finally found Tom.
I finally found a home.
I finally found a job.
I finally found a mechanic who could fix my car.
I finally found a pair of shoes that fit.
I finally found a place where we can be alone.
I finally found a use for this old thing.
I finally found his house.
I finally found it.
I finally found my keys.
I finally found my way out of the confusing maze.
I finally found out the truth yesterday.
I finally found out what had been causing the pain in my leg.
I finally found out what happened.
I finally found out what was wrong with my TV.
I finally found out where Tom spends all his free time.
I finally found out where you were last night.
I finally found something worth doing.
I finally found the answer in Islam.
I finally found the answer to that question.
I finally found the answer.
I finally found the courage to ask Tom not to do that.
I finally found the courage to ask Tom to do that.
I finally found the key I'd been looking for.
I finally found the solution to the problem.
I finally found time to sit down and read the newspaper.
I finally found you.
I finally gave up smoking.
I finally gave up trying to fall asleep.
I finally gave up.
I finally got Tom on the phone.
I finally got Tom's attention.
I finally got a call back.
I finally got a chance to talk to Tom.
I finally got a driver's license.
I finally got a driving licence.
I finally got a job!
I finally got a job.
I finally got across the river.
I finally got an answer.
I finally got her on the phone.
I finally got him on the phone.
I finally got hold of that book I wanted.
I finally got home.
I finally got it done.
I finally got it.
I finally got past the outer gates.
I finally got rid of Tom.
I finally got the call I was waiting for.
I finally got the call that I was waiting for.
I finally got the job!
I finally got the opportunity.
I finally got them on the phone.
I finally got through the test.
I finally got what I wanted.
I finally graduated from junior high school.
I finally have enough money to buy Tom that camera he's wanted.
I finally have enough money to buy the kind of car I've always wanted.
I finally have enough money, and all the time I need.
I finally have everything I need.
I finally have the strength to do what must be done.
I finally have time to reply to the mail that I have received these past three weeks.
I finally landed in Tunis.
I finally left.
I finally lost my patience and said, "Leave me alone!"
I finally made a decision.
I finally made it home.
I finally made it to graduation.
I finally made the connection.
I finally managed to do that.
I finally managed to escape.
I finally managed to find my lost wallet.
I finally managed to get to sleep.
I finally managed to get two tickets to that concert.
I finally managed to persuade Tom to do that.
I finally managed to persuade her siblings to accept my plan.
I finally met Tom today.
I finally met Tom.
I finally met her today.
I finally met her.
I finally met him today.
I finally met him.
I finally met the right woman.
I finally met them today.
I finally opened up the box.
I finally ordered one.
I finally overcame my shyness and asked him out on a date.
I finally passed that test.
I finally passed the aptitude test for higher management studies.
I finally penetrated the meaning of the riddle.
I finally persuaded Tom to buy one of those.
I finally persuaded him to buy it.
I finally pulled myself together and made a Herculean effort to improve my sock situation: I bought 15 pairs of identical black socks, and threw away my old ones.
I finally quit smoking.
I finally reached the river again.
I finally reached the trail head.
I finally realized I wasn't in love with you.
I finally realized that I should leave.
I finally realized that I wasn't in love with you.
I finally realized that vampires exist.
I finally realized what was happening.
I finally received my National Insurance!
I finally received the call I had been waiting for for weeks.
I finally received the call I'd been waiting for for weeks.
I finally saw the ocean after getting out on the balcony. Should I say that this room has an ocean view?
I finally started summer vacation on August 1st, but I only get ten days off.
I finally stopped trying to persuade Tom to clean his room.
I finally succeeded in convincing Tom to help us.
I finally succeeded.
I finally talked Tom into lending me his bicycle.
I finally talked her into lending me the book.
I finally understand the basic principles of calculus.
I finally understand the skeletal system.
I finally understand what Mary was trying to tell me.
I finally understand what Tom was telling me.
I finally understand what you have been trying to tell me all along.
I finally understand what you tried to tell me.
I finally understand what you were trying to do.
I finally understand what you were trying to tell me.
I finally understand what you're saying.
I finally understand.
I finally understood the importance of foreign languages.
I finally understood why he was acting strange yesterday.
I finally visited Australia last October.
I finally visited Boston last October.
I finally was able to contact Tom.
I finally was able to do it.
I finally was able to find out where Tom and Mary live.
I finally was able to find out where Tom lives.
I finally was able to persuade Tom to leave.
I finally was allowed to know the truth.
I finally washed the car.
I finally went back home.
I finally went to Boston this summer.
I finally went to England this summer.
I finally woke up energetic and refreshed.
I finally woke up.
I finally won.
I find Berber languages very beautiful.
I find Berber really interesting.
I find Berber very hard to learn.
I find English boring.
I find French boring.
I find French much easier than English to speak.
I find French pronunciation challenging.
I find French to be a difficult language.
I find Freudianism fascinating in the same way as I find other religions fascinating.
I find I get pretty tired when I do that.
I find Italian food very desirable.
I find Kabyle girls really attractive.
I find Mary disturbing.
I find Sumerian characters interesting.
I find Tom abrasive.
I find Tom funny.
I find Tom intriguing.
I find Tom irresistible.
I find Tom very annoying.
I find Tom very easy to talk to.
I find Tom's accent very appealing. I like the way he speaks.
I find Tom's irrelevant comments annoying.
I find Tom's voice irritating.
I find Turkish hard to speak.
I find a good rival in him.
I find a good way of testing myself is to enter the questions and answers into a spreadsheet; I enter the answers as white text on a white background so they are invisible unless the cell is selected and I can then read the answer in the formula bar.
I find agates really pretty.
I find bad smells hard to tolerate.
I find beauty in the stillness of a calm morning.
I find clarity in the quiet of dawn.
I find clowns much scarier than vampires or ghosts.
I find coffee sweet, at one point, even though I've been drinking it without sugar for years.
I find collecting stamps to be a useful pastime because it's often very interesting to me.
I find comfort in the thought that my own father is doing all fine in Morocco right now.
I find crumpets totally repulsive and disgusting.
I find doing that disagreeable.
I find everything on that website.
I find fishing to be extremely boring; my brother really adores it.
I find foreign languages very interesting.
I find fulfillment in utilizing my time effectively.
I find funnel cake a bit too sweet.
I find her appearance attractive.
I find her attractive in a Kabyle dress.
I find her beautiful.
I find her cute in a Kabyle dress.
I find her intriguing.
I find her irresistible.
I find her manner a little hard to take.
I find her opinions odd but interesting.
I find her story hard to swallow.
I find her to be kind.
I find her very easy to talk to.
I find her very impressive.
I find her very pretty.
I find him attractive.
I find him exciting, not like you.
I find him extremely intelligent.
I find him intelligent.
I find him intriguing.
I find him irresistible.
I find him pretty fascinating.
I find him pretty funny.
I find him to be quite intriguing.
I find him to be very nice.
