I wonder why Tom is so cruel.
I wonder why Tom is so curious.
I wonder why Tom is so depressed.
I wonder why Tom is so desperate to do that.
I wonder why Tom is so determined to do that.
I wonder why Tom is so dirty.
I wonder why Tom is so disappointed.
I wonder why Tom is so drunk.
I wonder why Tom is so excited.
I wonder why Tom is so exhausted.
I wonder why Tom is so fat.
I wonder why Tom is so filthy.
I wonder why Tom is so frustrated.
I wonder why Tom is so greedy.
I wonder why Tom is so happy.
I wonder why Tom is so hungry.
I wonder why Tom is so impatient.
I wonder why Tom is so interested.
I wonder why Tom is so irresponsible.
I wonder why Tom is so jittery.
I wonder why Tom is so late.
I wonder why Tom is so lazy.
I wonder why Tom is so lonely.
I wonder why Tom is so mad at Mary.
I wonder why Tom is so mad.
I wonder why Tom is so motivated to do that.
I wonder why Tom is so nervous.
I wonder why Tom is so popular here.
I wonder why Tom is so popular.
I wonder why Tom is so quicker at doing that than Mary.
I wonder why Tom is so reluctant to do that.
I wonder why Tom is so scared.
I wonder why Tom is so shy.
I wonder why Tom is so skeptical.
I wonder why Tom is so skinny.
I wonder why Tom is so sleepy today.
I wonder why Tom is so sleepy.
I wonder why Tom is so stubborn.
I wonder why Tom is so suspicious.
I wonder why Tom is so sympathetic.
I wonder why Tom is so thin.
I wonder why Tom is so thirsty.
I wonder why Tom is so timid.
I wonder why Tom is so tired.
I wonder why Tom is so upset.
I wonder why Tom is so weak.
I wonder why Tom is so worried.
I wonder why Tom is staring at me.
I wonder why Tom is still awake.
I wonder why Tom is still here.
I wonder why Tom is studying French.
I wonder why Tom is such a good cook.
I wonder why Tom is supposed to do that.
I wonder why Tom is suspicious.
I wonder why Tom is tired.
I wonder why Tom is unmarried.
I wonder why Tom is upset.
I wonder why Tom is worried.
I wonder why Tom isn't answering his phone.
I wonder why Tom isn't at home.
I wonder why Tom isn't busy.
I wonder why Tom isn't going with us.
I wonder why Tom isn't happy here.
I wonder why Tom isn't here today.
I wonder why Tom isn't here yet.
I wonder why Tom isn't here.
I wonder why Tom isn't home.
I wonder why Tom isn't hungry.
I wonder why Tom isn't planning to do that.
I wonder why Tom isn't ready.
I wonder why Tom isn't supposed to do that.
I wonder why Tom isn't very happy here.
I wonder why Tom isn't wearing a lab coat.
I wonder why Tom isn't wearing his glasses today.
I wonder why Tom just didn't ask us to help.
I wonder why Tom kept doing that.
I wonder why Tom kept quiet.
I wonder why Tom killed himself.
I wonder why Tom left Australia.
I wonder why Tom left Boston.
I wonder why Tom left Mary.
I wonder why Tom left early.
I wonder why Tom left me.
I wonder why Tom left so early.
I wonder why Tom left that there.
I wonder why Tom left.
I wonder why Tom let Mary do that.
I wonder why Tom lied to Mary about that.
I wonder why Tom lied to us about what he'd done.
I wonder why Tom lied to us about when he did that.
I wonder why Tom lied to us about where he'd been.
I wonder why Tom lied to us.
I wonder why Tom lies so much.
I wonder why Tom likes doing that.
I wonder why Tom likes this school so much.
I wonder why Tom likes to do that.
I wonder why Tom looks so depressed.
I wonder why Tom looks so miserable.
I wonder why Tom looks so sleepy.
I wonder why Tom needed to do that.
I wonder why Tom needs that.
I wonder why Tom needs to be finished doing that by 2:30.
I wonder why Tom needs to do that.
I wonder why Tom never calls me anymore.
I wonder why Tom never does that.
I wonder why Tom never learned how to drive.
I wonder why Tom never learned to do that.
I wonder why Tom never learned to drive.
I wonder why Tom never told me about that.
I wonder why Tom plans to do that.
I wonder why Tom pretended he didn't understand French.
I wonder why Tom quit his job.
I wonder why Tom quit.
I wonder why Tom refused to do that.
I wonder why Tom refused to help Mary do that?
I wonder why Tom refused to help us do that.
I wonder why Tom refused to kiss Mary.
I wonder why Tom resigned.
I wonder why Tom said he doesn't know Mary.
I wonder why Tom said that he doesn't know Mary.
I wonder why Tom said that.
I wonder why Tom sang that song, even though Mary asked him not to.
I wonder why Tom should do that.
I wonder why Tom shouldn't do that.
I wonder why Tom speaks French so well.
I wonder why Tom spills so much.
I wonder why Tom stayed in Australia.
I wonder why Tom stayed in Boston.
I wonder why Tom still drives that old car.
I wonder why Tom still lives in that old house.
I wonder why Tom studied French.
I wonder why Tom suggested I do that by myself.
I wonder why Tom suggested I do that.
I wonder why Tom suggested that I do that by myself.
I wonder why Tom suggested we do that today.
I wonder why Tom suggested we do that together.
I wonder why Tom suggested we do that.
I wonder why Tom suggested we sing together.
I wonder why Tom suggested we travel together.
I wonder why Tom thinks I have to do that.
I wonder why Tom thinks I need to do that.
I wonder why Tom thinks Mary has to do that.
I wonder why Tom thinks Mary needs to do that.
I wonder why Tom thinks Mary wants to do that.
I wonder why Tom thinks we have to do that.
I wonder why Tom thinks we need to do that.
I wonder why Tom thinks you're biased.
I wonder why Tom thought I had to do that.
I wonder why Tom thought I needed to do that.
I wonder why Tom thought I should do that.
I wonder why Tom thought Mary had to do that.
I wonder why Tom thought he had to do that.
I wonder why Tom thought it was a bad idea to do that.
I wonder why Tom thought it was a good idea to do that.
I wonder why Tom thought it wasn't a good idea to do that.
I wonder why Tom thought that we should do that.
I wonder why Tom thought we had to do that.
I wonder why Tom thought we needed to do that.
I wonder why Tom thought we should do that.
I wonder why Tom thought you had to do that.
I wonder why Tom told Mary that.
I wonder why Tom told me I didn't have to do that.
I wonder why Tom told me I didn't need to do that.
I wonder why Tom told me I had to do that.
I wonder why Tom told me I needed to do that.
I wonder why Tom told me I shouldn't do that.
I wonder why Tom told me not to do that.
I wonder why Tom told me to do that.
I wonder why Tom told me we had to do that.
I wonder why Tom told me we needed to do that.
I wonder why Tom told you that.
I wonder why Tom turned down that job.
I wonder why Tom waited so long before he told Mary what had happened.
I wonder why Tom waited.
I wonder why Tom wanted me to be here today.
I wonder why Tom wanted me to do that.
I wonder why Tom wanted to buy that for Mary.
I wonder why Tom wanted to buy that.
I wonder why Tom wanted to do that.
I wonder why Tom wanted us to be here.
I wonder why Tom wanted us to watch this video.
I wonder why Tom wants that job.
I wonder why Tom wants that.
I wonder why Tom wants to buy one of those.
I wonder why Tom wants to buy that car.
I wonder why Tom wants to buy that for Mary.
I wonder why Tom wants to buy that house.
I wonder why Tom wants to do that.
I wonder why Tom wants to go to Australia.
I wonder why Tom wants to go to Boston.
I wonder why Tom wants to stay home.
I wonder why Tom was arrested.
I wonder why Tom was disobedient.
I wonder why Tom was fired.
I wonder why Tom was in my room.
I wonder why Tom was in such a bad mood.
I wonder why Tom was in such a foul mood.
I wonder why Tom was kept after school.
I wonder why Tom was late.
I wonder why Tom was murdered.
I wonder why Tom was picked to be the manager.
I wonder why Tom was planning on doing that.
I wonder why Tom was planning to do that.
I wonder why Tom was so afraid.
I wonder why Tom was so angry.
I wonder why Tom was so careless.
I wonder why Tom was so confused.
I wonder why Tom was so embarrassed.
I wonder why Tom was so late.
I wonder why Tom was supposed to do that.
I wonder why Tom was surprised.
I wonder why Tom was suspended.
I wonder why Tom was tempted to do that.
I wonder why Tom was thrown off the bus.
I wonder why Tom was yelling at Mary.
I wonder why Tom wasn't at Mary's party.
I wonder why Tom wasn't at school today.
I wonder why Tom wasn't at the meeting yesterday.
I wonder why Tom wasn't at the meeting?
I wonder why Tom wasn't here yesterday.
I wonder why Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
I wonder why Tom wasn't there.
I wonder why Tom wasn't wearing his glasses.
I wonder why Tom went and did something like that.
I wonder why Tom went to Australia.
I wonder why Tom went to Boston.
I wonder why Tom won't do that.
I wonder why Tom won't let Mary do that.
I wonder why Tom won't sit next to me anymore.
I wonder why Tom won't talk to me anymore.
I wonder why Tom wouldn't cooperate with us.
I wonder why Tom wouldn't do that.
I wonder why Tom wouldn't help Mary.
I wonder why Tom wouldn't tell me what I wanted to know.
I wonder why Tom's dogs didn't bark.
I wonder why Tom's friends wouldn't help him.
I wonder why Tom's skint.
I wonder why Ukraine wanted NATO's help. It surely had nothing to do with the 2014 Russian invasion of Ukraine.
I wonder why Yidir is not happy with me.
I wonder why anybody would want to do that.
I wonder why anyone would want to do something like that.
I wonder why anyone would want to do that.
I wonder why birds migrate.
I wonder why cats like climbing on high places.
I wonder why didn't Tom come to meet us.
I wonder why eggs are sold by the dozen.
I wonder why everybody left so early.
I wonder why he asked.
I wonder why he did not come to the party.
I wonder why he did that.
I wonder why he didn't eat the apple that fell on his head.
I wonder why he didn’t eat the apple that fell on his head.
I wonder why he doesn't want to answer my question.
I wonder why he is hiding from me?
I wonder why he is late.
I wonder why he is so angry.
I wonder why he said it.
I wonder why he said that.
I wonder why he talks a lot about his father.
I wonder why he was absent.
I wonder why he was so rude.
I wonder why he was suddenly dropped from the team half way through.
I wonder why he wasn't there.
I wonder why his dog is so aggressive.
I wonder why is Tom doing that.
I wonder why is Tom lying.
I wonder why it feels good when the underdog wins.
I wonder why it is so.
I wonder why it is that since I met them, I haven't once felt that they were a stranger.
I wonder why it is that some plants become annuals and others perennials?
I wonder why it is that the coffee Tom makes is nicer than the coffee that I make?
I wonder why it is that the sound of waves is so pleasant to the ear.
I wonder why it took Japan 3 months to distribute cloth masks?
I wonder why it took Tom that long to do that?
I wonder why it was necessary to do that.
I wonder why it's always Tom and Mary who show up in Tatoeba sentences.
I wonder why it's easier to translate longer texts compared to shorter ones?
I wonder why it's so crowded here today.
I wonder why it’s so crowded here today.
I wonder why karaoke is so popular.
I wonder why most husbands sleep on the right side of the bed.
I wonder why my computer crashed.
I wonder why my name is no longer on the list.
I wonder why my name isn't on the list anymore.
I wonder why my name isn't on the list.
I wonder why no one has bought this yet.
I wonder why no one has dared to translate this sentence until now.
I wonder why no one has dared translate this sentence until now.
I wonder why no one has thought about this before.
I wonder why no one has until now dared to translate this sentence.
I wonder why no one has written this until now.
I wonder why no one is talking.
I wonder why no one likes me.
I wonder why no one tells the truth.
I wonder why no one told me that.
I wonder why no one trusts Tom.
I wonder why nobody does that anymore.
I wonder why nobody has thought about this before.
I wonder why nobody is talking.
I wonder why nobody likes me.
I wonder why nobody told me that.
I wonder why nobody told me.
I wonder why people always want to know the truth.
I wonder why people join a club like that.
I wonder why people keep fighting over and over again.
I wonder why people thought that was so funny.
I wonder why people vote for thieves and liars.
I wonder why school isn't being canceled in this cold.
I wonder why school isn't being canceled when it's this cold.
I wonder why she didn't come.
I wonder why she didn't tell him about it.
I wonder why she didn't tell me.
I wonder why she didn’t tell him about it.
I wonder why she is so worried.
I wonder why she made such a careless mistake.
I wonder why she will be so angry.
I wonder why so many of these nails are bent.
I wonder why so many people were in the park this afternoon.
I wonder why some people think black cats are unlucky.
I wonder why some people think black cats bring bad luck.
I wonder why tennis is played in mini-skirts.
I wonder why that happened.
I wonder why that is.
I wonder why that sentence, translated into so many languages, has not been adopted yet.
I wonder why the bus hasn't come.
I wonder why the bus is almost empty today.
I wonder why the bus is late.
I wonder why the bus isn't here yet.
I wonder why the dogs are barking.
I wonder why the names Tom and Mary are often used in sentences that are in the Tatoeba Corpus.
I wonder why the police didn't find the gun.
I wonder why the sky is so pretty after a typhoon.
I wonder why the train is late today.
I wonder why the train is late.
I wonder why there are so many people here today.
I wonder why there are so many wars.
I wonder why there weren't many people at the party.
I wonder why there's school even when it's this cold.
I wonder why they abandoned me.
I wonder why they aren't showing up.
I wonder why they chose Tom for the job.
I wonder why they chose Tom to be the manager.
I wonder why they chose Tom.
I wonder why they chose her.
I wonder why they chose him.
I wonder why they chose them.
I wonder why they didn't make Mary do what she was supposed to do.
I wonder why they didn't make Tom do what he was supposed to do.
I wonder why they drained the pool.
I wonder why they hate Algeria so much.
I wonder why they kept quiet.
I wonder why they left my name off the list.
I wonder why they left so suddenly.
I wonder why they picked Tom for the job.
I wonder why they picked Tom to be the manager.
I wonder why they picked Tom.
I wonder why they ran away from me.
I wonder why they want this document translated into French?
I wonder why this happened.
I wonder why this is happening.
I wonder why this is so expensive.
I wonder why we didn't get a newspaper today.
I wonder why we didn't have any customers today.
I wonder why we don't have to do that.
I wonder why we feel scared when those around us feel scared.
I wonder why we get wetter when we run in the rain than when we just walk.
I wonder why we got married.
I wonder why we have ear lobes.
I wonder why we have to do that.
I wonder why we have to do this.
I wonder why we have to study math when we won't be using it in the future.
I wonder why we haven't heard from Tom yet.
I wonder why we haven't run into each other before.
I wonder why we play tennis in miniskirts.
I wonder why we were born? Maybe it's just to have offspring.
I wonder why we're here.
I wonder why when we get tired, we want to eat a lot of junk food.
I wonder why women don't go bald.
I wonder why women don’t go bald.
I wonder why women live longer than men.
I wonder why women outlive men.
I wonder why women survive for men.
I wonder why would you say that.
I wonder why you feel it's necessary to create these near-duplicate sentences.
I wonder why you had to do that.
I wonder why you have to do that.
I wonder why you need to do that.
I wonder why you needed to do that.
I wonder why you never got married.
I wonder why you never told me about it.
I wonder why you work so hard when you don't make much money.
I wonder why you would like so much to learn English.
I wonder why you would like to learn English.
I wonder why you would love so much to learn English.
I wonder why you would say something like that to me.
I wonder why you would say that.
I wonder why your dog didn't bark when I came to the door.
I wonder why your name isn't on the list.
I wonder why your name isn't on this list.
I wonder why, at least in English, the term "autistic person" is preferred over "person with autism".
I wonder why, right. It irritates, do you agree?
I wonder why.
I wonder, did he think of that by himself?
I wonder, did she think of that by herself?
I wonder, did you think of that by yourself?
I wonder, did you think of that yourself?
I wonder, do they enjoy teasing juniors?
I wonder, do they enjoy teasing younger people?
I wonder, how can I find him?
I wonder, if this isn't dodgy door-to-door sales, then could it be a new kind of technique for picking up ladies?
I wonder, is Tom still hungry?
I wonder, is something being filmed.
I wonder, is something being photographed.
I wonder, shall I stay up late, or give it a pass?
I wonder, what should I ask for?
I wonder, what should I order?
I wonder, what should I request?
I wonder, when would your father return?
I wonder.
I wonder: What is the point of asking such questions of the students?
I wonder: Why is she late?
I wondered about that.
I wondered aimlessly to find something fun to do.
I wondered at his perseverance.
I wondered at the sight.
I wondered how I could make a difference in the world.
I wondered how I would cope with this.
I wondered how Tom and Mary were.
I wondered how Tom did that.
I wondered how Tom had learned to speak French so well.
I wondered how Tom was.
I wondered how long it would take you.
I wondered how many times I'd have to ask Tom to clean his room before he finally did it.
I wondered if Anna would love me.
I wondered if I could be dreaming.
I wondered if I could do such a thing.
I wondered if I could help Tom.
I wondered if I had ever really understood anyone.
I wondered if I'd ever really understood anyone.
I wondered if Tom could speak French.
I wondered if Tom could understand French.
I wondered if Tom had to do that by himself.
I wondered if Tom needed to do that by himself.
I wondered if Tom should do that by himself.
I wondered if Tom wanted to do that by himself.
I wondered if Tom was going to do that by himself.
I wondered if Tom would do that.
I wondered if Tom would win.
I wondered if he did this often or if it was just a one-time thing.
I wondered if her story was true.
I wondered if my love was enough for you, or was it my assets?
I wondered if we ever would meet Tom.
I wondered the same thing myself.
I wondered the same thing.
I wondered to hear her talking of death, when, to all appearance, she seemed as well as we had ever seen her.
I wondered vaguely what foul villainy it might be that the Morlocks did under the new moon.
I wondered what Greek ouzo tasted like. I don't often drink alcohol, but I was curious about its anise flavour.
I wondered what I should do.
I wondered what Tom and Mary were going to say.
I wondered what Tom had in mind.
I wondered what Tom had to do.
I wondered what Tom wanted.
I wondered what Tom was doing out so late.
I wondered what Tom was doing.
I wondered what Tom was going to say.
I wondered what Tom was thinking.
I wondered what Tom's real reason for being here was.
I wondered what had happened to Tom.
I wondered what had happened to you.
I wondered what happened to it.
I wondered what happened to you.
I wondered what he was doing.
I wondered what kind of person you'd become.
I wondered what lay ahead for me.
I wondered what the problem was.
I wondered what time the concert would begin.
I wondered what was going on.
I wondered what was going to happen.
I wondered what was taking you so long.
I wondered what you were doing.
I wondered when I'd see you again.
I wondered when you would come.
I wondered when you'd get here.
I wondered where Tom and Mary were.
I wondered where Tom had gone.
I wondered where Tom had studied French.
I wondered where Tom was.
I wondered where Tom went.
I wondered whether I could help Tom.
I wondered whether Tom told Mary to do that or not.
I wondered whether Tom wanted to dance or not.
I wondered whether Tom wanted to dance.
I wondered whether Tom wanted to do that or not.
I wondered whether Tom wanted to sing or not.
I wondered whether Tom wanted us to be here or not.
I wondered whether Tom would come or not.
I wondered whether or not Tom had told Mary not to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom had told Mary she didn't have to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom had told Mary she didn't need to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom had told Mary she had to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom had told Mary she needed to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom thought Mary had to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom thought Mary needed to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom thought Mary wanted to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom thought he had to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom thought we had to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom thought we should do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom thought you had to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom wanted to go to Boston with Mary.
I wondered whether or not Tom wanted to go to Boston with us.
I wondered whether or not Tom wanted to sing.
I wondered whether or not we should buy a car.
I wondered whether other ones wondered as much as I did.
I wondered whether we could do that.
I wondered which road I should take.
I wondered who Tom's French teacher was.
I wondered who it was.
I wondered why Tom and Mary were absent from school.
I wondered why Tom and Mary were studying French.
I wondered why Tom didn't do that.
I wondered why Tom didn't have a girlfriend.
I wondered why Tom didn't seem to enjoy fishing with us.
I wondered why Tom didn't win.
I wondered why Tom gave his speech in French.
I wondered why Tom had changed his mind.
I wondered why Tom had to do that.
I wondered why Tom never told me about that.
I wondered why Tom spoke in French.
I wondered why Tom was absent from school.
I wondered why Tom was studying French.
I wondered why Tom wasn't drinking.
I wondered why Tom wasn't eating anything.
I wondered why Tom wasn't there.
I wondered why he didn't have a girlfriend.
I wondered why people stared at me.
I wondered why people were staring at me.
I wondered why she didn't have a boyfriend.
I wondered why that was happening.
I wondered why you didn't come.
I won’t ask you anything else today.
I won’t attempt to use aegis in a sentence: I have no idea what it means.
I won’t be able to attend.
I won’t be able to finish it unless I receive your help.
I won’t be responsible for my actions.
I won’t be running for mayor.
I won’t be the last to leave the office.
I won’t be your friend as long as you treat me like that.
I won’t bother you.
I won’t buy that house even if I am rich.
I won’t disappoint you.
I won’t do it again.
I won’t do that. I’d rather die.
I won’t eat breakfast today.
I won’t ever talk in class again.
I won’t forgive you unless you apologise sincerely.
I won’t forsake you.
I won’t give up because I have something worth fighting for.
I won’t give up, no matter what you say.
I won’t go back there.
I won’t go down there.
I won’t go in.
I won’t go out until it stops raining.
I won’t go skating today.
I won’t go with you unless you tell me where we’re going.
I won’t leave you behind.
I won’t let him come here again.
I won’t let you down.
I won’t let you speak to me that way.
I won’t lose anything.
I won’t lose!
I won’t lower myself to his level.
I won’t mislead you, I won’t betray you, I won't shirk!
I won’t mislead you, I won’t betray you, I won’t shirk!
I won’t need to go to school anymore.
I won’t open my heart to you.
I won’t open up about my emotions.
I won’t put up with this any longer.
I won’t see her again.
I won’t see her anymore.
I won’t sell this tree shade.
I won’t smoke from today on.
I won’t stoop down to his level.
I won’t stoop to his level.
I won’t talk to him anymore.
I won’t talk with him anymore.
I won’t wait for you for any more than ten minutes in the corner at eight. You have to be punctual.
I won’t welcome the guests.
I won’t work overtime today.
I wore a beautiful dress.
I wore a coat lest I catch a cold.
I wore a coat so I wouldn't catch a cold.
I wore a hard hat.
I wore a hat yesterday because it was very cold.
I wore a hat yesterday.
I wore a hat.
I wore a hoody.
I wore a mask.
I wore a shirt.
I wore a suit and she wore a dress.
I wore a vampire costume, and had fake fangs.
I wore a white shirt yesterday.
I wore a white shirt.
I wore black pants and a white T-shirt yesterday.
I wore dirty clothes to blend into the woods.
I wore dirty clothes.
I wore glasses when I was a teenager, but I don't any more.
I wore glasses when I was a teenager, but I don't anymore.
I wore gloves and I still got burned.
I wore gloves.
I wore my best clothes.
I wore my favorite dress all day long.
I wore my favorite dress.
I wore my favourite dress.
I wore my footwear.
I wore my new shoes all day long and they were comfortable.
I wore my new suit on Monday.
I wore my ring.
I wore nice clothes.
I wore one.
I wore out two pairs of jogging shoes last year.
I wore several hats at my last office so I'd like to specialize this time.
I wore several hats at my last office so I’d like to specialize this time.
I wore sunglasses to protect my eyes from the sun.
I wore the earrings that you gave me for my birthday.
I wore the scarf that you made for me.
I wore the white dress.
I wore thick clothes.
I wore this tie yesterday.
I wore this yesterday.
I wore tightly fitted jeans.
I wore worn and dirty clothes.
I work 3 hours every Sunday morning.
I work a lot harder than I used to.
I work a lot to make ends meet.
I work a lot.
I work afternoons.
I work all day long.
I work all day.
I work alone these days.
I work alone.
I work among friends, and I live among books.
I work among friends.
I work and always labor very much.
I work and study.
I work as Mr Eliot's assistant.
I work as Mr Eliot’s assistant.
I work as Mr. Eliot's assistant.
I work as a bartender.
I work as a bouncer.
I work as a bus driver.
I work as a carpenter in a furniture factory.
I work as a cashier in a supermarket.
I work as a consultant.
I work as a cook on Tuesdays.
I work as a cook.
I work as a freelancer translator.
I work as a guide.
I work as a hotel inspector.
I work as a locksmith.
I work as a manager.
I work as a museum attendant.
I work as a porter for this transportation company.
I work as a salesman.
I work as a salesperson.
I work as a secretary on a farm.
I work as a security guard at a museum.
I work as a slave 10 hours a day.
I work as a speech therapist.
I work as a teacher in a public school.
I work as a teacher.
I work as a tourist guide at Iguazú Falls, in Argentina.
I work as a video game developer for a big tech company.
I work as a web consultant on the side.
I work as an air traffic controller.
I work as an ambulance driver.
I work as an announcer on television.
I work as an undercover agent.
I work as hard as Tom does.
I work as hard as Tom.
I work as many hours as Tom does.
I work as many hours as Tom.
I work as many hours as you do.
I work as much as I can, but never as much as I would want.
I work as much as Tom does.
I work as much as Tom.
I work as much as possible.
I work as much as you.
I work as much or more than you.
I work as well as you, neither better nor worse.
I work at Chuck's Bar and Grill.
I work at Chuck's Diner.
I work at Harvard.
I work at McDonald's.
I work at Tatoeba.
I work at a Welsh school.
I work at a bakery.
I work at a bank.
I work at a bar.
I work at a book store.
I work at a cram school.
I work at a donut shop.
I work at a gas station.
I work at a hotel in Boston.
I work at a language school.
I work at a library.
I work at a movie theater.
I work at a record shop.
I work at a salon.
I work at a school in Wales.
I work at a small supermarket in a nearby village.
I work at a sports shop.
I work at a supermarket.
I work at a travel agency.
I work at a winery.
I work at a zoo.
I work at an airport information desk.
I work at an auto shop.
I work at an embassy.
I work at an information counter at the airport.
I work at an office in a tall building.
I work at home.
I work at my friend's shop.
I work at my house.
I work at night.
I work at school.
I work at the Boston Wine Emporium.
I work at the Foreign Ministry.
I work at the airport information desk.
I work at the airport.
I work at the bus station.
I work at the cinema.
I work at the computer listening to piano and harpsichord pieces by Handel and Rameau.
I work at the consulate.
I work at the embassy.
I work at the hospital as a paediatrician.
I work at the hospital.
I work at the laboratory of microbiology.
I work at the planetarium.
I work at the post office.
I work at the same place Tom does.
I work at the same place that Tom does.
I work at the same supermarket where Tom and Mary work.
I work at the same supermarket where Tom works.
I work at the supermarket on the weekends.
I work at the thrift shop.
I work at the train station.
I work at the university. I am in the Berber language department.
I work at the zoo.
I work at this company.
I work best under pressure.
I work better alone than in a group.
I work better alone.
I work better in a team.
I work better under pressure.
I work by shifts.
I work delivering pizzas.
I work different hours every day.
I work during the day.
I work during the night.
I work eight hours a day.
I work eight hours every day.
I work even on Sunday.
I work even though I'm on vacation.
I work every day but Monday.
I work every day but Sunday.
I work every day except Monday.
I work every day except Saturday.
I work every day except Sunday.
I work every day except for Sundays.
I work every day except on Sunday.
I work every day from 9:00 to 5:00.
I work every day from nine to five.
I work every day save Sundays.
I work every morning in Central Park at 6 a.m.
I work every other day: Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
I work every other day: Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.
I work extremely hard.
I work fast.
I work faster alone.
I work five days a week.
I work for McDonald's.
I work for McDonald’s.
I work for Microsoft.
I work for Tatoeba.
I work for Tom now.
I work for Tom.
I work for a Canadian company.
I work for a Canadian lawyer.
I work for a bank.
I work for a firm of publishers.
I work for a guy named Tom.
I work for a hospital.
I work for a large company.
I work for a newspaper.
I work for a research laboratory.
I work for a shipping company.
I work for a small company.
I work for a stock company.
I work for a trading company.
I work for a travel agency.
I work for a university.
I work for an airline company as a flight attendant.
I work for an insurance company.
I work for an oil company.
I work for free.
I work for her.
I work for him.
I work for much time.
I work for my family.
I work for myself.
I work for public welfare.
I work for seven hours.
I work for somebody else now.
I work for the Algerian embassy.
I work for the Canadian embassy.
I work for the FBI.
I work for the department of health.
I work for the department of sanitation.
I work for the government.
I work for them.
I work for this company.
I work for three hours every Saturday morning.
I work for three hours every Sunday morning.
I work for you.
I work four days a week.
I work from 2:30 in the morning.
I work from 6am every morning in Central Park.
I work from Monday through Saturday.
I work from home.
I work from nine to five every day.
I work from nine to six.
I work full time.
I work hard all the time.
I work hard and play hard.
I work hard at a hotel every day.
I work hard at what I do.
I work hard every day to achieve my goals in school.
I work hard for my money.
I work hard in a hotel every day.
I work hard in the garden in the morning.
I work hard in the garden.
I work hard to catch up with the class.
I work hard, and I'm highly motivated.
I work hard, and play hard. I do all of the semester's work in the last week, and then during the break afterwards, I turn my brain off and super relax.
I work hard.
I work harder than everyone else here.
I work here in Australia.
I work here now.
I work here, I'm not a guest.
I work here.
I work here. I am not a guest.
I work here. I'm no guest.
I work here. I'm not a guest.
I work here. I’m no guest.
I work in Algeria.
I work in Algiers.
I work in Australia.
I work in Boston a lot.
I work in Boston now.
I work in Boston.
I work in Central Park every morning at six.
I work in Central Park every morning starting at six.
I work in Egypt.
I work in Luxembourg.
I work in Mandaluyong City.
I work in Milan.
I work in Switzerland.
I work in a Welsh school.
I work in a bank.
I work in a call center.
I work in a car company.
I work in a chemist's.
I work in a children's clinic.
I work in a clinic.
I work in a company that sells tires.
I work in a company.
I work in a factory.
I work in a flower shop.
I work in a gas station.
I work in a hospital laboratory.
I work in a hospital.
I work in a hotel.
I work in a language school.
I work in a pharmacy.
I work in a post office during the summer holidays.
I work in a restaurant.
I work in a shop.
I work in a special unit.
I work in a tourist agency.
I work in a travel agency.
I work in a windowless office.
I work in an accounting office.
I work in an automobile company.
I work in an office.
I work in an outpatient clinic.
I work in catering.
I work in customer service.
I work in home office.
I work in hospitality.
I work in logistics.
I work in marketing.
I work in media.
I work in our Algiers office.
I work in retail.
I work in shifts.
I work in telecommunications.
I work in the Boutique of my friend.
I work in the State Department.
I work in the Times Square area.
I work in the field of art.
I work in the hospital.
I work in the hotel industry.
I work in the morning.
I work in the nighttime.
I work in the same place as you.
I work in the shop.
I work in the subway.
I work in the village.
I work in this building.
I work in town.
I work indoors.
I work like a slave 10 hours a day.
I work like a slave!
I work like a slave.
I work long hours.
I work more than you do.
I work more than you.
I work much more than you do.
I work my ass off all day long.
I work my ass off.
I work my tail off all day.
I work near Central Park.
I work nights as a paramedic.
I work nights.
I work not so much for money as for the work itself.
I work on Ceres, but I live in a space community orbiting it.
I work on Monday.
I work on Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays.
I work on Mondays.
I work on Sunday.
I work on Sundays, too.
I work on Sundays.
I work on a building site.
I work on a collective farm.
I work on a farm.
I work on an assembly line.
I work on my own.
I work on that side of town.
I work on the computer all day.
I work on the other side of town.
I work on weekends.
I work only to go on vacation.
I work out almost every day.
I work out every other day.
I work out in a gym two or three times a week.
I work out to stay in shape.
I work out whenever I can.
I work out.
I work outside.
I work part-time as a receptionist at a dentist's office.
I work part-time as a receptionist at a dentist’s office.
I work part-time at a bookstore.
I work part-time at a convenience store.
I work part-time.
I work parttime.
I work seven days a week.
I work shifts.
I work simply because I like to work.
I work so that my children can eat.
I work terrible hours.
I work the morning shift.
I work the night shift.
I work there.
I work three days a week.
I work to live, but I don't live to work.
I work to the extent my disability allows.
I work tomorrow morning.
I work too hard.
I work too much in order to achieve my goals.
I work too much, and my wife feels sexually neglected.
I work too much.
I work two jobs.
I work under Tom.
I work under challenging conditions.
I work under her.
I work until I can't anymore.
I work until Sunday.
I work until very late.
I work very hard at my job.
I work very hard.
I work very little... I'd like to work more.
I work where you work.
I work with Tom and Mary.
I work with Tom every day.
I work with Tom.
I work with a computer all day.
I work with a computer.
I work with a group of Algerian expatriates.
I work with a lot of Canadians.
I work with a lot of Greek people.
I work with children.
I work with dangerous materials.
I work with dangerous substances.
I work with her boyfriend.
I work with him.
I work with homeless people every day.
I work with lots of Canadians.
I work with you.
I work with your boyfriend.
I work with your friend.
I work with your son.
I work!
I work, therefore I am.
I work.
I worked a bit at my computer.
I worked a couple of years as a farm hand.
I worked a lot because of this.
I worked a lot this week.
I worked a lot today.
I worked a lot yesterday.
I worked all day and was very tired.
I worked all day yesterday.
I worked all day, so I'm very tired.
I worked all night and all day.
I worked all night so as to meet the deadline.
I worked all night so to meet the deadline.
I worked all night.
I worked all this week.
I worked alone.
I worked alongside Tom.
I worked and studied.
I worked as a driver for some time.
I worked as a guide.
I worked as a journalist in Algeria four decades ago.
I worked as a piano tuner for many years.
I worked as a teacher for fifteen years.
I worked as a waiter for three years.
I worked as a waiter to put myself through college.
I worked as a waiter when I was a student.
I worked as an obstetrician in Africa for three years.
I worked as hard as I could so I didn't fail.
I worked as hard as I could so I didn’t fail.
I worked as hard as possible.
I worked as if there were no tomorrow.
I worked as usual.
I worked at McDonald's for about two years.
I worked at a bank.
I worked at a car wash when I lived in Boston.
I worked at a restaurant during summer vacation.
I worked at a restaurant.
I worked at different restaurants.
I worked at it.
I worked at that restaurant for four months.
I worked at the hospital.
I worked at the town's pizza shop.
I worked enough on my German today.
I worked extra shifts.
I worked far into the night.
I worked for Tom.
I worked for a bank.
I worked for a firefighting company.
I worked for a full 24 hours without getting any sleep.
I worked for her.
I worked for him for ten years.
I worked for him.
I worked for them.
I worked for twenty years. Now I am a retiree.
I worked from Monday to Friday, from morning to evening.
I worked from six PM until midnight.
I worked hand in hand with him.
I worked hard all day long yesterday.
I worked hard all day yesterday.
I worked hard all day, so I was very tired.
I worked hard day after day.
I worked hard for it.
I worked hard for this money.
I worked hard in expectation of promotion.
I worked hard in order to pass the math test.
I worked hard in order to support my family.
I worked hard in school.
I worked hard in the garden.
I worked hard last month.
I worked hard on that.
I worked hard preparing the materials for the presentation. Someone please tell me I did a good job.
I worked hard the whole day today.
I worked hard this winter.
I worked hard till late last night, so I'll have to catch some z's after lunch if it's possible.
I worked hard till late last night, so I’ll have to catch some z’s after lunch if it’s possible.
I worked hard to compensate for the loss.
I worked hard to get into my preferred school.
I worked hard to succeed.
I worked hard to support my family.
I worked hard today.
I worked hard without taking a break.
I worked hard yesterday.
I worked hard.
I worked here last year.
I worked here.
I worked in Australia for just over three years.
I worked in Australia for three years.
I worked in Australia last year.
I worked in Australia.
I worked in Boston for three years.
I worked in Boston last year.
I worked in Boston.
I worked in Rio de Janeiro for two years.
I worked in a bank.
I worked in a nursing home in Kabylie, Algeria.
I worked in a post office during the summer vacation.
I worked in a post office.
I worked in a restaurant.
I worked in construction.
I worked in my office yesterday.
I worked in my study after my wife had gone to bed.
I worked in the village.
I worked in this company for three decades.
I worked in this factory.
I worked just as hard as Tom did.
I worked last night.
I worked late last night.
I worked more than eight hours yesterday.
I worked my ass off on that project.
I worked my butt off to get into that university.
I worked my butt off.
I worked my way into their midst.
I worked my way through college.
I worked nonstop for the entire day.
I worked on Mr Wood's farm when I was young.
I worked on Mr Wood’s farm when I was young.
I worked on Mr. Wood's farm when I was young.
I worked on Sunday, so I had Monday off.
I worked on a farm last summer.
I worked on a farm when I lived in Australia.
I worked on a farm when I was younger.
I worked on a farm.
I worked on a yearly contract.
I worked on an equal footing with everyone.
I worked on it day after day.
I worked on it until the last minute.
I worked on the farm all day.
I worked on this alone.
I worked overtime.
I worked part-time doing housekeeping in a hotel, but found out that it was just not for me.
I worked part-time during the summer.
I worked really hard on this.
I worked really hard to get this done on time.
I worked so hard on it.
I worked so hard to be fluent in Berber.
I worked ten years in Canada.
I worked that night.
I worked the whole day yesterday.
I worked there for three months.
I worked there for three weeks.
I worked there for three years.
I worked there.
I worked this morning.
I worked three years as Tom's assistant.
I worked three years on "Tom Jackson".
I worked together with your father.
I worked two shifts today.
I worked until 2:30.
I worked until seven yesterday.
I worked up a good sweat at the gym.
I worked up a good sweat playing tennis.
I worked up a good sweat running to the bus stop.
I worked up a good sweat while working out.
I worked very hard.
I worked while studying.
I worked with Mr Spencer for a year in New York.
I worked with Mr. Spencer for a year in New York.
I worked with Tom for a long time.
I worked with Tom for many years.
I worked with Tom for three years in Australia.
I worked with Tom for three years in Boston.
I worked with Tom.
I worked with her at that restaurant.
I worked with someone named Tom.
I worked with those guys.
I worked yesterday evening.
I worked yesterday, but Tom and Mary weren't.
I worked yesterday, but Tom didn't.
I worked.
I worried I wouldn't be able to do that.
I worried about Tom's health.
I worried about it a little.
I worried about that.
I worried, of course.
I worry about Tom, too.
I worry about Tom.
I worry about her too.
I worry about her.
I worry about him.
I worry about his privacy and personal space.
I worry about his psychological well-being.
I worry about it.
I worry about making the wrong choice.
I worry about my friend.
I worry about my future.
I worry about myself.
I worry about that all the time.
I worry about that sometimes.
I worry about that.
I worry about the future.
I worry about the kids.
I worry about the risk.
I worry about things like that.
I worry about what's going on outside.
I worry about whether I'll be a good father.
I worry about you all the time.
I worry about you, too.
I worry about you.
I worry about your health.
I worry as much as you do.
I worry more about you than the future of Japan.
I worry so much that I can't sleep.
I worry that I have caught a cold.
I worry that the enemy may unleash a biological weapon on our country.
I worry that the pastries aren't all vegetarian.
I worry that, because the Japanese lines in this site are written with furigana, they take up a lot of space, and the people who don't even care about them in the first place might find them annoying.
I worry too much about the mistakes I make.
I worry too much.
I worship God, the creator of everything.
I worship God.
I worship Satan.
I worship the goddess Astarte.
I worship the ground you walk on.
I worship you.
I worshipped the idols.
I woud risk my life for a good cause.
I would abolish all slaughterhouses if I could.
I would absolutely trust Tom.
I would accept be it small, be it big.
I would accept that torture willingly.
I would act differently in your place.
I would admire to attend the party.
I would adore living in Paris.
I would advise against it.
I would advise against translating French word for word.
I would advise against translating from French literally.
I would advise you strongly to do what Tom advised.
I would advise you strongly to do what the boss asked you to do.
I would advise you strongly to quit doing that.
I would advise you to get to the airport on time.
I would agree wholeheartedly.
I would already be bored.
I would also like to get into the WhatsApp Group.
I would also like to go traveling with them.
I would also like to join the WhatsApp Group.
I would also like to know what Tom thinks of this.
I would also like to know.
I would also like to rent a car.
I would also like to see the ocean.
I would also really like to learn Japanese.
I would also take a lot of money.
I would always go swimming in the sea when I was little.
I would always go to his at New Year, and he would usually come to mine in summer.
I would always like to know what Marika thinks about me.
I would answer no to all three questions.
I would appreciate a reply as soon as possible.
I would appreciate a reply.
I would appreciate any help.
I would appreciate any information you can send to us.
I would appreciate hearing from you soon.
I would appreciate if you didn't mention this to anyone.
I would appreciate it if I had the opportunity to meet with Mr Brown again during his stay in Chicago.
I would appreciate it if you could agree to my plan.
I would appreciate it if you could book a room at a convenient location for visiting your office.
I would appreciate it if you could find a more worthwhile pursuit instead of continuously peppering our interactions with dismissive comments.
I would appreciate it if you could find time to see Mr Fukuoka, or to introduce him to one of your associates.
I would appreciate it if you could give me some alone time and just buzz off.
I would appreciate it if you could reserve a room at a convenient location for visiting your office.
I would appreciate it if you didn't come any closer.
I would appreciate your help.
I would as soon stay where I am as go to such a place.
I would as soon walk as take a taxi.
I would ask Tom for help if I were you.
I would ask him if I were you.
I would ask the question differently.
I would ask you only one favor: Get out of my life, please.
I would attend the meeting but I'm afraid it's impossible.
I would bake some bread, but we don't have any flour.
I would be a bad expert if I wasn't able to date it accurately to a decade.
I would be a fool not to tell him yes.
I would be a lot more productive if I didn't waste time on the internet.
I would be a singer.
I would be bored if I had to count to five hundred twenty-four thousand three hundred seventy-two.
I would be delighted to have breakfast with you.
I would be eager to buy a house.
I would be glad to do that for you.
I would be glad to help you, but I am very busy.
I would be glad to read the novel, but I don't have the time.
I would be good, if I didn't have this headache.
I would be grateful for any help you could give me.
I would be grateful for your approval of this request.
I would be grateful if you could do that for me.
I would be grateful if you could give him some information on local conditions.
I would be happy if you came.
I would be happy to be of any service to you.
I would be happy to be of help.
I would be happy to do it.
I would be happy to do so.
I would be happy to do that for you.
I would be happy to explain it to you.
I would be happy to help you.
I would be happy to speak to Tom about that matter.
I would be happy to teach you that song.
I would be happy to translate it, but I don't speak Dutch.
I would be hard-pressed to make up a sentence out of thin air.
I would be honored to give you a showing in my gallery.
I would be honored to have you as my bride.
I would be honoured.
I would be indignant (whenever people spoke hardly of me).
I would be interested in that.
I would be interested in the First Nations and Indigenous Studies in my university.
I would be interested to hear your opinion.
I would be interested to hear your thoughts.
I would be loved.
I would be more careful if I were you.
I would be more than happy to pay.
I would be more than happy to share my profit with my workers.
I would be more than happy to share my wife with my workers.
I would be more than willing to do that.
I would be most obliged if you would shut up!
I would be much obliged if you could keep quiet.
I would be sad, but I would not commit suicide.
I would be surprised if Tom had never had any extramarital affairs.
I would be surprised.
I would be thankful to you if you stayed until tomorrow.
I would be the happiest if it weren't true.
I would be very concerned about Tom trying to rig the German election.
I would be very happy if someone would help me translate this sentence correctly.
I would be very happy that he came.
I would be very happy to hear from her.
I would be very pleased if you did this for me.
I would be very pleased to go with you.
I would be very sad if I lost you.
I would be very thankful if you could make a reservation for a room that is near your company.
I would be willing to help you.
I would be willing to lend you money.
I would be wise to run the experiment again.
I would beg to differ.
I would behave more bravely than he.
I would bury it in the garden.
I would buy Fadil cupcakes everyday.
I would buy a waffle towel.
I would buy him a beer.
I would buy him.
I would buy it if it weren't so expensive.
I would buy it, except that it costs too much.
I would buy no more than three.
I would buy the car, but I am poor.
I would buy them if they weren't so expensive.
I would buy this towel.
I would buy this watch, except it's too expensive.
I would buy this watch, except it’s too expensive.
I would call my parents.
I would certainly vote for Tom.
I would challenge you to a battle of wits, but I see you are unarmed.
I would change a few things.
I would change it if I could, but it's impossible.
I would choose honor before money.
I would choose the exact same thing.
I would class my garden as medium in size.
I would come to see you if I had the time.
I would come to see you if I had time.
I would complain.
I would consider Boston a very big city.
I would cry, too, if that happened to me.
I would cuddle the heck out of Tom.
I would define, in brief, the poetry of words as the Rhythmical Creation of Beauty.
I would definitely not recommend Tom for the job.
I would definitely recommend doing that.
I would definitely recommend it.
I would definitely say that.
I would demand a statue for myself, if I had contrived any such thing.
I would demand a statue of myself, if I’d pulled off a stunt like that.
I would describe Linda as aromantic, but she personally hates using labels to describe herself.
I would describe his level as beginning or intermediate rather than advanced.
I would die before I live on in shame.
I would die for Tom.
I would die for her.
I would die for him.
I would die for my principles.
I would die for them.
I would die for you.
I would disagree with that.
I would discuss it endlessly with him; it was exhausting for me.
I would do anything but kill.
I would do anything but that.
I would do anything for Tom.
I would do anything for her.
I would do anything for him.
I would do anything for love.
I would do anything for them.
I would do anything for those kids.
I would do anything for you.
I would do anything just to hold you in my arms.
I would do anything to get a job.
I would do anything to help you both.
I would do anything to make her laugh.
I would do anything to meet Øystein Dolmen.
I would do anything to protect my family.
I would do anything to protect you.
I would do it again if I had to.
I would do it again.
I would do it for Tom again.
I would do it for free.
I would do it if I could.
I would do it if I had more time on my hands.
I would do it if Tom asked me to.
I would do it in a different way than you did.
I would do it, but I lack motivation.
I would do it, but Tom won't let me.
I would do many things.
I would do that at once if I were you.
I would do that differently.
I would do that if I could.
I would do that if I had more time.
I would do that if I were you.
I would do that right away if I were you.
I would do that right now if I were you.
I would do that, too.
I would do that.
I would do the same elsewhere.
I would do the same exact thing.
I would do the same for what you did for me, but unfortunately I find myself in a difficult and disastrous situation.
I would do the same thing.
I would do the same.
I would download a car.
I would drink some jasmine green tea.
I would drive Tom to school on rainy days.
I would eat coconut cake every day if I could.
I would eat the apple if I were hungry.
I would eat the apple.
I would enjoy it if we could stop at the nearest coffee shop to enjoy drinking a cup of coffee together before we both head off to work.
I would enjoy that.
I would even simply leave the word "strangely".
I would even simply leave the word "странно".
I would expect better behaviour from Tom.
I would expect nothing less.
I would feel ashamed to do this.
I would feel honored if I could take you home.
I would feel like doing it but I have no time.
I would feel more optimistic about a bright future for man if he spent less time proving that he can outwit Nature and more time tasting her sweetness and respecting her seniority.
I would feel weird about using those, too.
I would file a police report if I were you.
I would fish.
I would get beat.
I would get the analyses.
I would get up, but I can't wake Cookie.
I would give anything to be able to be there.
I would give anything to see that team play football.
I would give anything to win her back.
I would give everything to have her.
I would give it to them.
I would give more, but I don't have any left.
I would give more, but that's all I've got.
I would give more, but this is all I have.
I would give my life for a kiss from someone who was once my love.
I would give my life for him.
I would give up my own life if it would save hers.
I would give you anything.
I would give you the moon if I could.
I would gladly fly to the moon.
I would gladly go to the beach with you, but I don't have the time today.
I would gladly go with you.
I would gladly help you, only I am too busy now.
I would gladly kick his ass myself.
I would gladly translate this, but I don't speak Dutch.
I would gladly translate this, but I don’t speak Dutch.
I would go at 10.
I would go except for my headache.
I would go if I were you.
I would go out.
I would go so far as to lie for you.
I would go to the library if I had a car to get there.
I would go to the mountains when young.
I would go to the movies if I had the time.
I would go with Tom.
I would go with you, but I don't have any money.
I would greatly appreciate it if we could change our appointment to 3:00 pm on March 6.
I would greatly appreciate it if we could change our appointment to March 6 at 3:00 pm.
I would greatly appreciate it if you took me back to the hotel now.
I would greatly appreciate your help.
I would hate that.
I would hate to be in Tom's shoes right now.
I would hate to be in his shoes right now.
I would hate to become just a housewife.
I would hate to do that.
I would hate to find myself alone with Tom.
I would hate to have a disease named after me.
I would hate to see him mess up one of his butterfly knife tricks.
I would hate to work as an undertaker and be around dead bodies all day.
I would hate to work shifts.
I would have advised Tom not to do that.
I would have advised Tom to do that.
I would have advised you not to do that.
I would have also done it for you.
I would have always wished I had done that.
I would have an addition to propose.
I would have another cup of coffee if I were you.
I would have another cup of coffee.
I would have apologized to Tom if I'd thought I needed to.
I would have arrived earlier if there hadn't been a traffic jam on Park Street.
I would have asked about it, but he was absent.
I would have at least asked you for the name, but my father's presence has been an impediment.
I would have at the least used it.
I would have been able to do that if Tom had helped me.
I would have been able to do that if somebody had shown me how.
I would have been able to do that if someone had shown me how.
I would have been better off dead.
I would have been happier wearing a mask.
I would have been happy to go with you.
I would have been happy to help Tom.
I would have been in real trouble but for your help.
I would have been late if Tom hadn't given me a ride.
I would have been loved.
I would have been shocked.
I would have been shot.
I would have been surprised if the translation had been "I hate... " :)
I would have been surprised if you could have done it at first.
I would have been there by now if my car hadn't broken down.
I would have been unable to do that if you hadn't helped.
I would have been unable to do that without Tom's help.
I would have been unable to do that without your help.
I would have been worried if Tom hadn't been there.
I would have bet my life on it.
I would have bought it at once.
I would have bought it.
I would have bought more clothes if I had had the money.
I would have bought that car if I'd had the money.
I would have bought that for you.
I would have bought that if the price had been a little lower.
I would have bought this watch if it wasn't this expensive.
I would have called Tom if I'd had his phone number.
I would have called you, but I didn't know your number.
I would have come back.
I would have come even if you hadn't invited me.
I would have come to Boston with you if I could've.
I would have come to see you if I had had the time.
I would have come to see you if I had had time.
I would have come to the cinema with you all, but unfortunately, I had a headache.
I would have come to you yesterday if I had been able to.
I would have come.
I would have died if you hadn't saved me.
I would have done anything in the world to help Tom.
I would have done anything in the world to help her.
I would have done anything in the world to help him.
I would have done anything.
I would have done exactly what you did.
I would have done it at that time.
I would have done it by myself if Tom hadn't been there.
I would have done it differently.
I would have done it if you hadn't stopped me.
I would have done it without your help.
I would have done it, but you beat me to it.
I would have done it.
I would have done that a different way.
I would have done that anyway.
I would have done that by myself if I'd known how.
I would have done that by myself if Tom hadn't been there.
I would have done that by myself if Tom hadn't helped me.
I would have done that by myself if Tom hadn't volunteered to help me.
I would have done that differently.
I would have done that for Tom if I'd had more time.
I would have done that for you if I'd had more time.
I would have done that for you.
I would have done that if I could've.
I would have done that if I'd had more time.
I would have done that if I'd had the chance to.
I would have done that if I'd had the chance.
I would have done that if I'd known how.
I would have done that if I'd known it was necessary.
I would have done that if Tom had asked me to.
I would have done that if Tom hadn't stopped me.
I would have done that if my parents had let me.
I would have done that if you had asked me to.
I would have done that if you'd asked me to.
I would have done that myself if I'd had known how to.
I would have done that myself if I'd had more time.
I would have done that myself if I'd known how.
I would have done that right the first time if you'd helped me.
I would have done that, but you beat me to it.
I would have done that.
I would have done the same for Tom.
I would have done the same thing Tom did.
I would have done the same thing you did.
I would have done the same thing, I think.
I would have done the same thing.
I would have driven if Tom had let me.
I would have drowned if you hadn't saved me.
I would have eaten more if I hadn't been sick.
I would have encouraged my students.
I would have enjoyed that.
I would have failed but for his help.
I would have failed but for his kind help.
I would have failed without Tom's help.
I would have failed without his help.
I would have fetched the analyses.
I would have finished the sentence, if you hadn't interrupted me.
I would have forgiven myself for eating meat while homeless.
I would have given Tom some money if I had had any to give.
I would have given Tom some money if I'd had any to give.
I would have given up.
I would have gladly come!
I would have gladly gone abroad during high school, but my parents didn't want me to.
I would have gone through with it if you hadn't stopped me.
I would have gone to Boston if I could've.
I would have gone to Boston if I'd had the chance.
I would have gone to Boston with you if my parents had let me.
I would have gone to prison if I hadn't had such a good lawyer.
I would have gone to the mountains had I had the money.
I would have gone to the movies if I had had the time.
I would have gone to the movies if I'd had the time.
I would have gone to the party, but I was really busy.
I would have gone to where I should have gone, had I had the time, but I couldn't have had the time, so I didn't go.
I would have gone with you if you'd invited me.
I would have gotten conceited.
I would have had a good time.
I would have had to throw him out a higher window.
I would have helped you if you had asked.
I would have helped you if you'd only asked.
I would have helped you.
I would have helped you. I didn't know you needed help.
I would have hugged Tom if I'd thought he'd let me.
I would have just given up.
I would have left a note.
I would have left before Tom got here if I'd known he was coming.
I would have left early if I could've.
I would have left on my trip if the weather hadn't been bad.
I would have let Tom do it.
I would have let Tom do that.
I would have let Tom drive if I'd known he wanted to.
I would have let Tom win.
I would have liked it if you had come with us.
I would have liked it if you'd come with us.
I would have liked that Tom succeeded.
I would have liked that.
I would have liked to buy those gloves.
I would have liked to come along, but I had no time.
I would have liked to come with you, but I didn't have time.
I would have liked to do that, but I couldn't.
I would have liked to do that.
I would have liked to go with you.
I would have liked to have been able to see him grow.
I would have liked to have been here.
I would have liked to have been there.
I would have liked to have done that again.
I would have liked to have gone there with you.
I would have liked to have seen 'Casablanca' when the movie was discussed.
I would have liked to have seen ’Casablanca’ when the movie was discussed.
I would have liked to meet him.
I would have liked to see the ending of the film, but I had to leave the theater.
I would have liked to stay longer.
I would have liked to study at the university.
I would have liked to talk with you.
I would have logged in to Skype if my computer had not gotten unresponsive.
I would have long ago lost track of how many sentences I contributed to Tatoeba, were it not for the count.
I would have loved going to Boston with you.
I would have loved to bring him a gift.
I would have loved to have seen her performance.
I would have loved to meet Tom.
I would have loved to see her performance.
I would have missed the train if I'd stopped to buy something to eat.
I would have needed help.
I would have never done such a thing.
I would have never done that if Tom had asked me not to.
I would have never done that if Tom hadn't asked me to.
I would have never done that if Tom hadn't been there.
I would have never done that that way.
I would have never done that.
I would have never done this.
I would have never done what Tom did.
I would have never expected that from you!
I would have never gone there without you.
I would have never guessed that Tom was from Boston.
I would have never known you.
I would have never lied to you.
I would have never met you if I hadn't broken my leg.
I would have never met you.
I would have never thought of that.
I would have never thought that he would have reacted so violently.
I would have never thought that this would be needed.
I would have paid my debts if I had had money.
I would have paid.
I would have participated in the meeting if I hadn't been ill.
I would have played longer.
I would have preferred not to be here.
I would have preferred you do it.
I would have rather played tennis.
I would have really liked it if I was born 10 years earlier.
I would have repaired the car.
I would have replied to him, but I'm busy.
I would have said it exactly like this.
I would have said it some other way.
I would have said no.
I would have said nothing.
I would have said something like "John is in the bathroom" as an excuse.
I would have said something.
I would have said the same thing.
I would have said yes, if I had the time.
I would have said yes.
I would have sent Tom money.
I would have sent roses.
I would have set aside the day for it if you'd told me ahead of time.
I would have set aside the day for it if you’d told me ahead of time.
I would have shown you how to do if you'd asked me.
I would have shown you how to do it right.
I would have shown you how to do that if you'd asked me to.
I would have shown you how to do that if you'd asked.
I would have shown you how to do that.
I would have shut my phone off.
I would have somebody sweep this room clean.
I would have spared her, perhaps, for all my madness, but she threw her arms round him, crying out to him, and calling him ‘Alec.’
I would have split with Tom, if I had wanted to.
I would have stayed in Boston longer if I could've.
I would have stayed longer if I could've.
I would have stopped doing that if Tom had asked me to.
I would have stopped doing that if you had asked me to.
I would have succeeded if I'd tried harder.
I would have succeeded if I'd worked harder.
I would have taken care of Tom.
I would have taken care of him if I had known that he was ill with a fever.
I would have talked to Tom instead of just ignoring him.
I would have thee to understand this, and would tell thee before all that sit here, and before the ancients of my people. If thou wilt take possession of it by the right of kindred: buy it, and possess it: but if it please thee not, tell me so, that I may know what I have to do. For there is no near kinsman besides thee, who art first, and me, who am second. But he answered: I will buy the field.
I would have thought about looking up a sci mag on here.
I would have thrown you out.
I would have to agree with Tom.
I would have to agree.
I would have to pass by the store. In the house there isn't anything.
I would have to take precautionary steps to keep him out.
I would have to vote for Tom.
I would have told Tom if I had known.
I would have told her earlier, but I didn't think she would understand.
I would have told him earlier, but I didn't think he would understand.
I would have told you before, but I didn't think you'd understand.
I would have told you earlier, but I didn't think you'd understand.
I would have told you earlier, but I didn't want to ruin dinner.
I would have told you how to do it right.
I would have told you if I'd known.
I would have told you this before, but I didn't think you'd understand.
I would have told you, but Tom made me promise not to tell.
I would have told you, but Tom made me promise not to.
I would have tried to stop you.
I would have tripped.
I would have understood.
I would have visited Boston if I'd had the chance.
I would have visited Tom if I had had more time.
I would have visited you if I had had the time.
I would have visited you if I had had time.
I would have volunteered.
I would have waited.
I would have wanted to be a famous soccer player.
I would have wanted to cross him off of the list.
I would have wanted to do that with you.
I would have wanted to do that, too.
I would have won if I hadn't sprained my ankle.
I would have won if I hadn't tripped.
I would have written a longer letter if I'd had more time.
I would have written a longer letter if I’d had more time.
I would have you apply yourself to your studies.
I would have you apply yourself to your study.
I would help you if you were in trouble.
I would highly recommend it.
I would hope that my teachers were eager to work.
I would if I could, but I'm taking sailing lessons this week.
I would if I could, but I’m taking sailing lessons this week.
I would inaugurate the new era; I would set the example of supreme heroism in science; and all the world, and all future ages, should preserve my name with reverent homage, and enwreath it with laurels of undying fame.
I would just as soon not make a big deal out of this.
I would just as soon stay at home as go to the party.
I would just like to congratulate Tom for his work.
I would just like to say one thing.
I would just like to thank all of you for your work.
I would just like to thank you for translating my sentences.
I would just look it up, honestly.
I would keep coming late to work.
I would keep waiting for you if I had to stay awake past midnight.
I would kill for a plate of polo right now.
I would kill for this.
I would kill to be American.
I would know if you told me.
I would know if you were to tell me.
I would lay down my life for you.
I would learn English.
I would learn Hungarian, but I don't have time.
I would leave early if I were you.
I would leave if I were you.
I would leave.
I would lick him in the ear.
I would like 500 grams of meat please.
I would like Quim Monzó to sign my book, but I'm embarrassed to ask.
I would like Tom to apologize to me.
I would like a bottle of cough mixture.
I would like a can of Diet Coke.
I would like a chance to answer you, because the essence of democracy is that you have the obligation to listen to other people, as well as the right to speak yourself.
I would like a chocolate ice cream.
I would like a chocolatine.
I would like a coffee with milk and sugar.
I would like a coffee.
I would like a cup of coffee, please.
I would like a cup of coffee.
I would like a day pass.
I would like a drink.
I would like a glass of tequila.
I would like a glass of water.
I would like a glass of wine, please.
I would like a glass of your finest beer, please.
I would like a large slice of cake and a cup of coffee.
I would like a less expensive double room.
I would like a list of the Italian words that don't appear in the corpus yet.
I would like a little more tea.
I would like a little wine.
I would like a new one.
I would like a pain au chocolat.
I would like a piece of cheese.
I would like a piña colada.
I would like a quart of milk.
I would like a ratatouille, please.
I would like a room with two beds for a night, please.
I would like a room.
I would like a salami sandwich.
I would like a sandwich with salami.
I would like a short-sleeved dress for summer.
I would like a steak and a mixed salad.
I would like a steak with a baked potato.
I would like a sugar bowl like hers!
I would like a sugar bowl like his!
I would like a ticket to Trier.
I would like a tourist visa.
I would like a trial by combat.
I would like a week off with pay.
I would like a window seat.
I would like a word with Tom.
I would like a word with you.
I would like an air-conditioned room.
I would like an apple.
I would like another beer.
I would like another car.
I would like another cup of tea before I go.
I would like another glass of Coca-Cola.
I would like batteries for this device.
I would like chicken soup.
I would like every sentence in Tatoeba, even if written in a well-known language, to be accompanied by at least one translation.
I would like everyone to win.
I would like everything to be as it was before.
I would like everything to be like before.
I would like for him to write more often.
I would like for you to be my husband.
I would like for you to be someone whose disposition is more gentile, if that's possible.
I would like for you to do it yourself.
I would like fruit juice.
I would like help.
I would like her to give me an explanation.
I would like her to remain just the way she is.
I would like her to stay with us.
I would like him to stay with us.
I would like him to write more often.
I would like if this didn't happen.
I would like it if that didn't happen.
I would like it if we could spend more time together.
I would like it if we had more money.
I would like it if you and I could spend more time together.
I would like it if you did it yourself.
I would like it if you didn't tell this story to my mom.
I would like it if you kneel for me.
I would like it to rain.
I would like it very much if the place where I live were less polluted.
I would like marinated fish and sea food.
I would like marinated fish and seafood.
I would like mine rare.
I would like my breakfast in my room at eight o'clock sharp.
I would like my hair in this style.
I would like my name to be Tom.
I would like red wine.
I would like scampi and chips, please.
I would like shoes like that.
I would like some bread and butter please.
I would like some envelopes.
I would like some fish.
I would like some further details.
I would like some hot tea, please.
I would like some information about museums.
I would like some macarons.
I would like some macaroons.
I would like some more water.
I would like some peace and quiet.
I would like some perfume.
I would like some pineapple juice, please.
I would like some sugar.
I would like some tequila.
I would like some water.
I would like some white bread.
I would like some wine.
I would like something to drink.
I would like something to read.
I would like steak with a baked potato.
I would like tea or coffee.
I would like ten cookies.
I would like that kind.
I would like that.
I would like the blue dress that you have in the showcase.
I would like the least expensive one.
I would like this book.
I would like this meeting to last less than ten minutes.
I would like this one.
I would like to abolish grammatical gender from Spanish.
I would like to add at least one sentence to Tatoeba every day.
I would like to address two questions.
I would like to agree on a meeting between noon and 1:30PM.
I would like to apologize for the way I acted.
I would like to apply for asylum.
I would like to apply for that job.
I would like to apply for the vacant teaching position you have advertised.
I would like to arrive.
I would like to ask a favor of you.
I would like to ask a favour of you.
I would like to ask a question.
I would like to ask about the price of that model in the window.
I would like to ask for a translator.
I would like to ask for your daughter's hand in marriage.
I would like to ask for your support.
I would like to ask two questions.
I would like to ask you a favor.
I would like to ask you a question.
I would like to ask you to consider this possibility.
I would like to ask.
I would like to attend that lecture.
I would like to attend the party on November 1st.
I would like to be Picasso.
I would like to be a pilot in the future.
I would like to be a teacher rather than an engineer.
I would like to be a veterinarian.
I would like to be able to help you.
I would like to be able to join the WhatsApp Group.
I would like to be able to speak English with confidence.
I would like to be adopted.
I would like to be alone now.
I would like to be alone.
I would like to be an English teacher.
I would like to be baptized.
I would like to be in Paris.
I would like to be like you.
I would like to be reimbursed.
I would like to be remembered as a person who wanted to be free.
I would like to be there in good time.
I would like to be there to see you.
I would like to be there, but unfortunately I cannot.
I would like to be viewed as well-intentioned.
I would like to be wished a happy birthday in person.
I would like to be your pen pal.
I would like to become a Christian.
I would like to become a famous soccer player.
I would like to become a journalist.
I would like to become a poet.
I would like to become a top model and travel all over the world.
I would like to become an astronaut.
I would like to become fluent in English.
I would like to become multilingual.
I would like to become your wife.
I would like to belatedly wish you a happy birthday.
I would like to believe you.
I would like to believe.
I would like to book a bedroom.
I would like to book a flight to Brazil.
I would like to book a room with a double bed.
I would like to book a room, please.
I would like to book a room.
I would like to book a table for Wednesday evening!
I would like to book a table for tomorrow evening.
I would like to book a trip to Australia.
I would like to book a trip to New Zealand.
I would like to borrow fifty dollars from you.
I would like to bring you to a good place for our honeymoon.
I would like to brush up my English.
I would like to but I have a required course tonight.
I would like to buy a Picasso.
I would like to buy a dog.
I would like to buy a dress.
I would like to buy a drink.
I would like to buy a horse.
I would like to buy a kimono for my next visit to Japan.
I would like to buy a new coat at that department store.
I would like to buy a new hair tie.
I would like to buy a present for my wife. I thought about a scarf.
I would like to buy a sofa.
I would like to buy a strapless dress.
I would like to buy an electric bicycle, but they are quite expensive.
I would like to buy myself a new computer; show me the best model.
I would like to buy some aspirin.
I would like to buy some cheese.
I would like to buy some postcards.
I would like to buy some things.
I would like to buy this watch, but unfortunately it's just too expensive.
I would like to buy.
I would like to call my embassy.
I would like to call on you one of these days.
I would like to call.
I would like to carry out the plan.
I would like to carve a wooden dolphin.
I would like to change money.
I would like to change my American dollars to euros please.
I would like to change my appearance.
I would like to change my job. I am not satisfied either with my salary or working conditions.
I would like to charter a yacht.
I would like to chat with you by e-mail.
I would like to check yesterday's stock prices...
I would like to clarify a few things.
I would like to clean up the house before my parents come.
I would like to come and see you.
I would like to come but you know that I can't.
I would like to come in.
I would like to come to see you.
I would like to come to your party.
I would like to confirm the following for our meeting at our office on February 27.
I would like to congratulate you.
I would like to consider the implications we can draw from the application of Emmet's theory to chemistry.
I would like to consider the implications we can draw from the application of Emmet’s theory to chemistry.
I would like to consider various options if necessary.
I would like to contribute my sentences under the CC0 1.0 license, so my sentences can be used in the Common Voice project.
I would like to contribute.
I would like to convert a thousand kronor to dollars.
I would like to correspond with her.
I would like to dance with you today.
I would like to discuss a few details.
I would like to discuss about the price with you.
I would like to do a course in Arabic.
I would like to do more.
I would like to do something else today.
I would like to drastically decrease the amount of time it takes me to clean the house.
I would like to draw a tree.
I would like to draw your attention to this.
I would like to draw.
I would like to drink a coffee.
I would like to drink some soda.
I would like to drink something.
I would like to earn more money.
I would like to eat a fruit salad.
I would like to eat a hot soup.
I would like to eat breakfast with you.
I would like to eat ice cream.
I would like to eat now.
I would like to eat rice and fish.
I would like to eat something, but not here.
I would like to eat something.
I would like to eat sushi.
I would like to eat there.
I would like to eat your heart while you're still alive.
I would like to eat.
I would like to emphasize the Confucian values that exist within this group.
I would like to emphasize this.
I would like to engage in foreign trade in the future.
I would like to exchange American dollars for rupnu.
I would like to exchange money.
I would like to exchange this dress that I bought yesterday.
I would like to exchange this shirt that I bought yesterday.
I would like to exchange this watch for a cheaper one.
I would like to exchange this watch with a cheaper one.
I would like to excuse Tom's absence.
I would like to excuse myself from receiving the Akutagawa Prize.
I would like to explain it to you, but I do not understand it myself.
I would like to explain it to you, but I don't understand it myself.
I would like to explain this subject to you.
I would like to explicitly emphasize this.
I would like to express my gratitude for what you have done for this town.
I would like to express my gratitude to her.
I would like to express our thanks on behalf of my colleagues.
I would like to express to you my deepest gratitude for having been a guest at your party.
I would like to extend our best wishes on your marriage.
I would like to extend to all of you my heartfelt thanks.
I would like to feel the warmth of your hand searching for mine.
I would like to fly like a bird.
I would like to focus attention on the particular design that best represents Emmet's concept.
I would like to focus attention on the particular design that best represents Emmet’s concept.
I would like to focus on sharing why it is important to localize tools into the Swahili language.
I would like to follow up on our conversation about global warming.
I would like to forget you.
I would like to get a blouse to go with this blazer.
I would like to get a camera like this.
I would like to get a feel for your rapport with the customer.
I would like to get a robe as a Christmas present.
I would like to get better at speaking French.
I would like to get rid of Tom for good.
I would like to get to know her better.
I would like to get to know him better.
I would like to get to know you better.
I would like to get to know you some day.
I would like to get your latest catalogue.
I would like to give him a present for his birthday.
I would like to give it to her.
I would like to give you a bicycle as a present for your birthday.
I would like to give you a piece of advice.
I would like to give you a suggestion.
I would like to go abroad.
I would like to go and get my stuff.
I would like to go and have a drink.
I would like to go and see Tom.
I would like to go back in time to see what the dinosaurs looked like.
I would like to go fishing, if possible.
I would like to go for a swim.
I would like to go home now.
I would like to go out tonight.
I would like to go skateboarding on the weekend.
I would like to go there right now.
I would like to go there.
I would like to go to America one day.
I would like to go to America someday.
I would like to go to America.
I would like to go to Australia sometime.
I would like to go to Australia.
I would like to go to Austria in order to study music.
I would like to go to Austria to study music.
I would like to go to Boston.
I would like to go to Egypt.
I would like to go to France.
I would like to go to Japan.
I would like to go to Russia sometime.
I would like to go to Tom's concert.
I would like to go to a business school.
I would like to go to sleep now.
I would like to go to sleep, but someone stole my mattress.
I would like to go to the USA.
I would like to go to the United States one day.
I would like to go to the United States.
I would like to go to the beach with you but today I don't have time.
I would like to go to the concert with you.
I would like to go with you.
I would like to go, but I don't have a car.
I would like to go, too.
I would like to have a DNA test done.
I would like to have a beer.
I would like to have a body like that.
I would like to have a chat with you.
I would like to have a cream for the hands.
I would like to have a cup of coffee.
I would like to have a discussion with Mr. Zhang and Mr. Li.
I would like to have a glass of tea.
I would like to have a little house with a sea view.
I would like to have a look at your collection of stamps.
I would like to have a man examine me.
I would like to have a photo of you.
I would like to have a picture of you.
I would like to have a piece of cheese, please.
I would like to have a rest here.
I would like to have a room of my own.
I would like to have a small coffee.
I would like to have a toast for our dear friend, Michael.
I would like to have a woman examine me.
I would like to have a word with you.
I would like to have another cup of coffee.
I would like to have breakfast.
I would like to have cleaner teeth!
I would like to have dinner.
I would like to have five pineapples.
I would like to have lunch.
I would like to have my hair cut.
I would like to have my teeth straightened.
I would like to have seen him before he left the country.
I would like to have some more tea.
I would like to have some more water.
I would like to have some pancakes now.
I would like to have some water.
I would like to have something to munch on with my beer.
I would like to have this camera.
I would like to have this car repaired as soon as possible.
I would like to have this key copied.
I would like to have this soup.
I would like to hear you play the piano.
I would like to hear your honest opinion.
I would like to hear your opinion.
I would like to hear your voice, too.
I would like to help a very special person for me.
I would like to help her.
I would like to help him and his whole family.
I would like to help him.
I would like to help someone very special.
I would like to help too.
I would like to help you do that.
I would like to help you, but I can't stay here any longer.
I would like to help you.
I would like to help your family.
I would like to help your whole family.
I would like to hire a car.
I would like to illustrate children's books for a living.
I would like to illustrate children’s books for a living.
I would like to improve my English pronunciation.
I would like to improve my French but I really have no time.
I would like to improve my French pronunciation.
I would like to improve my French.
I would like to improve my Spanish.
I would like to improve myself.
I would like to increase the price.
I would like to inquire about your services and prices.
I would like to inspect your work for myself – not that I doubt your skill, or anything like that. It's just that, as director, I have to keep track of these things, you know.
I would like to insure this package.
I would like to introduce my friend to you.
I would like to introduce my husband and my sons to you.
I would like to introduce myself.
I would like to introduce you to my wife.
I would like to invite you to a cup of tea.
I would like to invite you to a ride which you will never forget.
I would like to invite you to dinner.
I would like to join the WhatsApp Group.
I would like to join the club.
I would like to join the summer camp.
I would like to keep this.
I would like to kill time with you, against me.
I would like to kiss you.
I would like to know Tom better.
I would like to know as well.
I would like to know her name.
I would like to know his story.
I would like to know how much it costs.
I would like to know how much money there is in my account.
I would like to know how much money you have on you.
I would like to know how these substances are absorbed by the body.
I would like to know how to play the piano.
I would like to know how to write more phrases about chess in Toki Pona.
I would like to know how you will proceed in this matter.
I would like to know if Mary has been here.
I would like to know if he knows that Mary lives near here.
I would like to know more about science.
I would like to know more about superstitions in the area.
I would like to know more about the technology which was used in the construction of the Egyptian pyramids.
I would like to know more about you.
I would like to know the name of this movie.
I would like to know them too.
I would like to know three languages.
I would like to know today.
I would like to know what happened to you...
I would like to know what happened.
I would like to know what you have done this summer.
I would like to know what you intend to do now.
I would like to know where he went.
I would like to know whether or not my luggage was reshipped to Tokyo.
I would like to know which bus you take.
I would like to know who my parents are.
I would like to know why women live longer than men.
I would like to know you.
I would like to know your origin.
I would like to learn Berber.
I would like to learn English faster.
I would like to learn English for international travel.
I would like to learn English for job opportunities.
I would like to learn English for several reasons.
I would like to learn English for work.
I would like to learn English to be able to communicate with the whole world.
I would like to learn English to have a better resume in the job market.
I would like to learn English to have more freedom to be able to travel the world.
I would like to learn English to know new cultures.
I would like to learn English to know other cultures around the world.
I would like to learn English to know other cultures.
I would like to learn English to know other different cultures.
I would like to learn English to know the United States.
I would like to learn Esperanto.
I would like to learn French someday; it sounds very elegant.
I would like to learn German.
I would like to learn Latvian.
I would like to learn Russian, but my friends told me that it is difficult.
I would like to learn a thousand new German words in one month.
I would like to learn all the European languages.
I would like to learn faster.
I would like to learn how to dance.
I would like to learn more about this job.
I would like to learn something about you.
I would like to learn standard English.
I would like to learn the Na'vi language.
I would like to learn to dance.
I would like to learn to play the piano, guitar and flute.
I would like to learn to play the piano, guitar or flute.
I would like to learn to speak English with confidence.
I would like to learn what your favorite quotes are.
I would like to learn what your hobbies and favorite quotes are.
I would like to learn which places you recommend visiting, and why.
I would like to learn your language.
I would like to leave this girl with you.
I would like to leave this town and never come back.
I would like to leave work early today if possible.
I would like to leave.
I would like to live a century.
I would like to live here.
I would like to live in Brazil.
I would like to live in France.
I would like to live in Iceland.
I would like to live in a castle.
I would like to live in a large city.
I would like to live in luxury.
I would like to live in the house that's closest to the sea.
I would like to live in the quiet country.
I would like to look like him.
I would like to make a few remarks before turning to a close examination of the theory.
I would like to make a phone call.
I would like to make a request.
I would like to make a reservation for one person.
I would like to make a reservation for tonight.
I would like to make a reservation, please.
I would like to make an appointment to see you this afternoon.
I would like to make an appointment with the doctor.
I would like to make an offering to myself.
I would like to make an offering.
I would like to make him happy.
I would like to make myself useful.
I would like to make reservations for a trip to Australia.
I would like to make this toast to all those who have given their time to this project. I thank them warmly.
I would like to make use of this opportunity to thank you.
I would like to marry a virgin.
I would like to marry somebody like her.
I would like to meet her father.
I would like to meet her.
I would like to meet him.
I would like to meet his father.
I would like to meet my friend by next week.
I would like to meet them.
I would like to meet with him one-on-one to discuss the matter.
I would like to meet you.
I would like to mention one more thing.
I would like to move to Australia.
I would like to nominate Don Jones as chairman.
I would like to nominate myself.
I would like to offer you the position.
I would like to open Tom's eyes.
I would like to open a checking account.
I would like to order a sandwich.
I would like to order drinks now.
I would like to order one coffee machine (Model 25-A) and have enclosed your order form.
I would like to order.
I would like to participate in the WhatsApp Group.
I would like to participate.
I would like to pay in cash.
I would like to pay with a credit card.
I would like to pay with cash.
I would like to pay with cash. Is breakfast included in the price?
I would like to pay, please.
I would like to place an order for the following.
I would like to place particular emphasis on this point.
I would like to play chess tonight.
I would like to play football.
I would like to play golf.
I would like to play tennis with Judy.
I would like to play with you on the bed.
I would like to point out that not all of us are like that.
I would like to propose "putinous" as a synonym for "cretinous".
I would like to propose a toast on your birthday.
I would like to punch Tom in the head.
I would like to purchase a magazine.
I would like to purchase a wooden deck panel that can be laid on the porch.
I would like to purchase some boots.
I would like to purchase your latest mail order catalogue.
I would like to put Tom out of his misery.
I would like to put special emphasis on the concept that social ecology is the second school of contemporary environmentalism.
I would like to quote someone.
I would like to read Latin literature.
I would like to read books on Japanese history.
I would like to read more.
I would like to read some books about Lincoln.
I would like to read the last novel written by my neighbor.
I would like to remind everyone to try to stick to time.
I would like to remind you that you swore an oath.
I would like to remind you that you're under oath.
I would like to rent a bike, please.
I would like to rent a car.
I would like to rent it.
I would like to repay him for his kindness.
I would like to repay your kindness in the near future.
I would like to report a crime.
I would like to report a theft.
I would like to report someone missing.
I would like to request a short recess.
I would like to reserve a seat.
I would like to reserve a table for Wednesday evening!
I would like to retract my previous statement.
I would like to return it to you for replacement.
I would like to return this cat.
I would like to ride Miroslav's horse.
I would like to say a few words.
I would like to say something.
I would like to say thank you on behalf of Mr Smith.
I would like to say that I understand you, but I don't.
I would like to see English sentences that still aren't translated into Czech.
I would like to see Kylie Minogue.
I would like to see Mr Holmes.
I would like to see Mr Smith.
I would like to see Mr Terry Tate.
I would like to see Mr. Kosugi.
I would like to see Mr. Smith.
I would like to see Tom once more.
I would like to see Tom one more time.
I would like to see Tom.
I would like to see a giraffe in its habitat.
I would like to see a house 50 meters from here.
I would like to see another race.
I would like to see her every day.
I would like to see how much time went by between the orders.
I would like to see it again.
I would like to see it.
I would like to see my art teacher this afternoon.
I would like to see my father.
I would like to see sentences that forefront common, everyday usage.
I would like to see that.
I would like to see the blue sky again.
I would like to see the car repaired as quickly as possible.
I would like to see the contract.
I would like to see the festival.
I would like to see the king once in my life.
I would like to see the trees from which you picked these apples.
I would like to see them now.
I would like to see you again some day.
I would like to see you again sometime.
I would like to see you again!
I would like to see you again.
I would like to see you before I leave.
I would like to see you before leaving for Europe.
I would like to see your driving license.
I would like to see your mother.
I would like to see your products.
I would like to see your vagina.
I would like to sell my books!
I would like to send a package to Japan.
I would like to serve.
I would like to set some goals for the new year.
I would like to set the record straight.
I would like to set up a geothermal installation.
I would like to share a short story with you.
I would like to share my story of how I converted to Islam.
I would like to show you my beautiful city.
I would like to show you something.
I would like to sing a song.
I would like to sit around the middle.
I would like to sit in the non-smoking section.
I would like to sleep with her.
I would like to speak English fluently.
I would like to speak English with confidence.
I would like to speak English.
I would like to speak a refined Kabyle language.
I would like to speak to Johano.
I would like to speak to Tom.
I would like to speak to a lawyer.
I would like to speak to the head nurse.
I would like to speak with Johann.
I would like to speak with Tom.
I would like to speak with you very much.
I would like to speak with your manager.
I would like to spend more time with my aunt.
I would like to spend more time with my family.
I would like to spend the rest of my life with you.
I would like to spend the whole morning like this.
I would like to start.
I would like to stay informed about new vacancies.
I would like to stay longer.
I would like to stay young forever.
I would like to store something in the hotel safe.
I would like to stress that it is more convenient to control tariffs as a bloc rather than country by country.
I would like to study Arabic.
I would like to submit my report for your perusal.
I would like to subscribe to your newsletter.
I would like to take a seat over there.
I would like to take a walk, but the day is too hot.
I would like to take that trip with you.
I would like to take you out to dinner.
I would like to talk to Miss Mary, please.
I would like to talk to Tom.
I would like to talk to him face to face.
I would like to talk to you about that.
I would like to talk to you if you wouldn't mind.
I would like to talk to you the day after tomorrow.
I would like to talk to your manager.
I would like to talk with him in person.
I would like to talk with you about this matter.
I would like to talk with you again.
I would like to talk.
I would like to taste them.
I would like to tell him the truth.
I would like to tell you about my cat, Leonidas. We would simply call him The 'Nidas for short, and he was the best cat in the world. The one who loved me most of all. The closer I paid attention to The 'Nidas, the better I felt. Unfortunately, he ran away a year ago.
I would like to tell you something.
I would like to test your capacity for logical thinking.
I would like to thank Ana-Maria Mihalca, who put incredible effort into this book.
I would like to thank Fadil for offering me such a great chance.
I would like to thank Margit Maly, who expertly and sensitively supervised the editing.
I would like to thank many people for helping me win this award, but I won't.
I would like to thank my parents, Tom and Mary.
I would like to thank you for accepting my invitation.
I would like to thank you for your collaboration.
I would like to thank you for your cooperation.
I would like to thank you for your great job.
I would like to thank you from the bottom of my heart for all your help.
I would like to thank you in advance for any help that you are able to give her.
I would like to thank you in advance for the information.
I would like to thank you very much for your special support.
I would like to thank you.
I would like to think hard about it first.
I would like to travel abroad in company with my colleague.
I would like to travel abroad.
I would like to travel alone.
I would like to travel and visit new places.
I would like to travel around the world.
I would like to travel in foreign countries while the yen is strong.
I would like to travel, but I don't have any money.
I would like to try it.
I would like to try it. Where is the fitting room?
I would like to try the Tatoeba platform.
I would like to try the blue striped skirt.
I would like to try this dress on.
I would like to understand one thing.
I would like to understand why you decided to do this.
I would like to understand your home country.
I would like to upload several photos to the forum. Could you tell me how?
I would like to use this moment to beseech our government to prioritize the return of all nationals kidnapped or wrongfully detained abroad.
I would like to use this opportunity to thank you.
I would like to use your word processor.
I would like to visit Argentina.
I would like to visit Boston.
I would like to visit Brazil.
I would like to visit Egypt, one day.
I would like to visit England one day.
I would like to visit France someday.
I would like to visit Greece off-season.
I would like to visit Hungary, but it is not possible now.
I would like to visit New York someday.
I would like to visit New York.
I would like to visit South Korea.
I would like to visit the Great Wall this year.
I would like to visit the secret archives of the Vatican.
I would like to visit you.
I would like to visit your country.
I would like to volunteer to teach introductory courses.
I would like to wait another half an hour.
I would like to walk along the river.
I would like to work in Germany.
I would like to work less and make more money.
I would like to work this summer.
I would like to work with your company.
I would like to write a book about Cyprus.
I would like to write a book.
I would like to write hundreds of words more at Tatoeba but I have to go back to my work.
I would like to, but I have a previous appointment.
I would like two cannoli, each with both candied fruit and raisins.
I would like white chocolate.
I would like you to add my name to your mailing list for the course.
I would like you to answer my questions.
I would like you to assist me with my gardening.
I would like you to attend to my request.
I would like you to be here.
I would like you to behave yourself at table.
I would like you to close the door when you go outside.
I would like you to close your eyes.
I would like you to come with me.
I would like you to cut my hair.
I would like you to get to know Tom.
I would like you to give me money in exchange for a few of my things.
I would like you to go home with me.
I would like you to go instead of me.
I would like you to have this Kabyle dress.
I would like you to introduce me to her.
I would like you to know how important you are to me.
I would like you to know how much you mean to me.
I would like you to leave as soon as possible.
I would like you to leave immediately if possible.
I would like you to leave my home.
I would like you to look over these documents.
I would like you to make tea for me.
I would like you to meet a friend of mine.
I would like you to meet my new boyfriend.
I would like you to meet my new girlfriend.
I would like you to meet my parents.
I would like you to move in with me.
I would like you to post this letter.
I would like you to rely on me.
I would like you to see it.
I would like you to sing a song.
I would like you to speak Spanish.
I would like you to stay with me.
I would like you to stop personalizing disputes.
I would like you to tell me something about Einstein's general theory of relativity.
I would like you to think about what you would have done in my place.
I would like you to translate this book into English.
I would like you to trust me.
I would like you to understand.
I would like you to wear this.
I would like your attention, please.
I would like your permission to date your daughter.
I would like your picture.
I would literally rather do anything else.
I would live here with you if I could.
I would live here.
I would lodge a complaint.
I would love a cold beer.
I would love a cold glass of beer.
I would love even a dictionary with less than a hundred thousand entries.
I would love if the tapes could be made available.
I would love it, if someone would talk to me right now.
I would love not having to work.
I would love nothing more, trust me.
I would love nothing more.
I would love that to happen.
I would love that.
I would love to attend the party.
I would love to be able to buy that guitar.
I would love to be able to read French effortlessly.
I would love to bend you over the counter.
I would love to buy myself some sunglasses.
I would love to buy you a drink.
I would love to buy you dinner sometime.
I would love to come here for the usual morning coffee break before I set off to work.
I would love to come with you all, but I don't have any money.
I would love to come with you all, but I don’t have any money.
I would love to come!
I would love to do an engineering course.
I would love to do more.
I would love to do that.
I would love to drive the car but I'm only 14.
I would love to drive the car but I’m only 14.
I would love to fish with Tom again.
I would love to fly to the moon.
I would love to go shopping.
I would love to go to the dance with you.
I would love to go.
I would love to have dinner with Tom.
I would love to have met Carl Sagan.
I would love to hear about how your wedding planning is going!
I would love to hear it.
I would love to help you, but I'm very busy right now.
I would love to help, but I have too much on my plate at the moment.
I would love to know what Proto-Indo-European sounded like.
I would love to live in Greenland.
I would love to live in a room like this.
I would love to marry my fiancé, if only he wanted to as well.
I would love to meet a philosopher like Nietzsche on a train or boat and to talk with him all night. Incidentally, I don't consider his philosophy long-lived. It is not so much persuasive as full of bravura.
I would love to meet an Esperantist and spend the whole day asking, "What is this?".
I would love to read a book on the history of laughter.
I would love to see it.
I would love to see my old flame again.
I would love to see the Northern Lights.
I would love to see you torn apart by sharks.
I would love to see you.
I would love to see your son!
I would love to sing with your band.
I would love to stop here for a morning coffee break with you for a casual conversation and chitchat together before I head to work.
I would love to take the car for a test drive.
I would love to try that out.
I would love to visit Moscow with you tomorrow.
I would love to write hundreds of sentences on Tatoeba, but I've got things to do.
I would love to write hundreds of sentences on Tatoeba, but I’ve got things to do.
I would love to.
I would lower the minimum age of criminal responsibility.
I would maintain with my last breath that he is innocent.
I would marry you without hesitation.
I would miss food stalls, the lilt of the Thai language, the constant bombardment of cheesy advertisements.
I would much rather be safe.
I would much rather live in a slum than in a building.
I would need a good teacher of Hungarian.
I would need some advice.
I would need the papers that I've lost.
I would need to remove Tom from my life.
I would need to take a break from Tom.
I would never abandon Tom.
I would never abandon my beloved Claire.
I would never adhere to a secret society.
I would never admit that.
I would never agree to do that.
I would never agree to such a thing.
I would never agree to that.
I would never allow Tom to do that again.
I would never allow Tom to do that.
I would never allow that to happen.
I would never allow that.
I would never ask Tom to walk my dog.
I would never be your husband.
I would never be your wife.
I would never betray my partner.
I would never betray you!
I would never betray you.
I would never blame you.
I would never break a promise.
I would never buy a house on Park Street.
I would never cheat on Sami.
I would never cheat on my husband.
I would never climb Mount Etna.
I would never condone doing such a thing.
I would never confide in Tom.
I would never consider building a house in this area.
I would never consider doing that.
I would never consider marrying someone like that.
I would never cross that line.
I would never dare cheat on my wife with another woman.
I would never dare to do what Tom did.
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong.
I would never do anything like that to Tom.
I would never do anything like that.
I would never do anything that could endanger Tom.
I would never do anything to hurt you.
I would never do anything to intentionally hurt you.
I would never do it again.
I would never do it that way.
I would never do something behind your back.
I would never do something like that.
I would never do such a thing.
I would never do that to Tom.
I would never do that to her.
I would never do that to him.
I would never do that to them.
I would never do that to you.
I would never do that.
I would never do what Tom did.
I would never do what Tom just did.
I would never doubt his honour.
I would never dream of doing that.
I would never dream of leaving you.
I would never dream of lying to my grandmother.
I would never dream of trying to do this without your help.
I would never eat anything that Tom and Mary make.
I would never eat anything that Tom makes.
I would never ever betray you.
I would never ever do anything like that.
I would never ever do something like that.
I would never feed my dog commercial dog food.
I would never force you to marry someone you don't love.
I would never forget something like that.
I would never forget that.
I would never forgive Tom if he did that.
I would never forgive myself if anything happened to you.
I would never forgive you if you did that.
I would never get any work done then and my ass would be fat.
I would never go against the will of the Lord.
I would never go camping again.
I would never go on a hunger strike for anything.
I would never go there by myself.
I would never go there.
I would never harm Tom.
I would never harm you.
I would never have agreed to do that.
I would never have agreed to that.
I would never have allowed that.
I would never have believed that such a thing could ever happen to me.
I would never have done it that way.
I would never have done something like that.
I would never have done such a thing.
I would never have done that.
I would never have expected anything else.
I would never have expected her to just quit her job like that and leave without a word.
I would never have found as short an explanation.
I would never have gone for coffee with him if I'd known that I'd have to rebuff his advances all afternoon.
I would never have guessed that Tom and Mary would fall in love with each other.
I would never have guessed that Tom could speak French so well.
I would never have guessed that Tom couldn't swim.
I would never have guessed that Tom couldn’t swim.
I would never have guessed that you could buy butter for such a low price.
I would never have guessed that you'd tell me about it.
I would never have guessed that.
I would never have guessed.
I would never have let that happen.
I would never have thought Tom was capable of committing a crime.
I would never have thought Tom was capable of doing something like that.
I would never have thought of it on my own.
I would never have thought of such a thing.
I would never have thought of that.
I would never have thought that of Tom.
I would never have thought that the murderer was the butler.
I would never have thought that.
I would never have told you that.
I would never have worked it out.
I would never hit Tom.
I would never hurt Tom.
I would never hurt a child.
I would never hurt anyone.
I would never hurt her.
I would never hurt him.
I would never hurt them.
I would never hurt you.
I would never in a million years actually do that.
I would never in a million years have expected something like this to happen.
I would never insult you.
I would never join a secret society.
I would never kill Tom.
I would never kill anyone.
I would never kill myself.
I would never kiss Tom.
I would never kiss her.
I would never kiss him.
I would never kiss you.
I would never leave you.
I would never lend Tom any money.
I would never lend money to anyone.
I would never let him touch the Porsche.
I would never let that happen.
I would never let you down.
I would never lie to Tom.
I would never lie to her.
I would never lie to him.
I would never lie to them.
I would never lie to you.
I would never make a mistake like that.
I would never make fun of you.
I would never make that kind of mistake.
I would never offer Tom anything bad.
I would never paint my house bright green.
I would never pay Tom for such a sloppy job.
I would never permit Tom to do that.
I would never question his honesty.
I would never say anything like that.
I would never say anything to intentionally hurt you, you know.
I would never say something like that.
I would never say such a thing.
I would never say that.
I would never sing it.
I would never slap my teacher.
I would never sleep in class.
I would never sleep with her.
I would never speak French to Tom.
I would never speak to you that way.
I would never stab you in the back.
I would never tell her the most intimate stuff.
I would never tell you what to do.
I would never trust a banker, Mr. Holmes.
I would never try that.
I would never try to do something like that without your help.
I would never try to do that without some help.
I would never try to do that.
I would never use a previously used tissue again.
I would never use an emoji in a business email.
I would never use emojis in business emails.
I would never vote for Tom.
I would never want this to change.
I would never want to belong to any club that had someone like me for a member.
I would never want to belong to any club that would have someone like me for a member.
I would never want to harm you.
I would never want to hurt you.
I would never wear a hat that looked like that.
I would never wear light green shoes.
I would never wear that color shirt.
I would never wear that jacket.
I would never wear that tie.
I would never willingly harm him.
I would never.
I would no longer call this maximalism, but obsession.
I would normally be showing three-to-five properties a day and writing several offers a day, and my staff, my agents, would be, too.
I would not advise staring at the sun.
I would not ask if I knew the answer.
I would not ask you if I were not interested.
I would not be alive today were it not for the intercession of my guardian angel.
I would not be here if I had not been a nutcase.
I would not be the same without you.
I would not do that because it depletes the battery.
I would not do that.
I would not go if it rains tomorrow.
I would not go skating today.
I would not go so far as to call Finland a paradise.
I would not have asked you if I was not interested.
I would not have been able to do that.
I would not have believed that the President would personally respond to my letter.
I would not have called you today, but there was a problem.
I would not have done that.
I would not have known him.
I would not have said such a nonsense.
I would not have said such nonsense.
I would not have you other than you are.
I would not leave you for all the world.
I would not like to be stuck at the bottom of this cave.
I would not meddle in such a thing.
I would not miss it for anything.
I would not open the door to this weird neighbor.
I would not part with it for the whole world.
I would not part with that picture for all the world.
I would not put a thief in my mouth to steal my brains.
I would not recommend it.
I would not serve this cheese to my guests.
I would not trade my conversion to Islam for anything.
I would not understand.
I would not want her to remember me with unkind words.
I would not want to be in your place.
I would not want to be in your shoes.
I would not yield the chair.
I would now wish to be there, with you.
I would offer you a coffee if you had the time.
I would often go fishing in the lake.
I would often go skating on the lake.
I would often go swimming in the sea when a child.
I would often play tennis with him.
I would often sit reading far into the night.
I would often swim in this river when I was young.
I would often take a walk before breakfast.
I would often take naps on Sundays.
I would often take part in an English speech contest in my school days.
I would often take the bus home after sports.
I would often visit the museum when I lived in Kyoto.
I would only believe in a God that knows how to dance.
I would pay for something like this.
I would pay to see that.
I would play tennis with him on Sunday.
I would play tricks on my brother.
I would prefer Tom to do it.
I would prefer a room with a southern exposure.
I would prefer an honorable death.
I would prefer any alternative to a lawsuit.
I would prefer not to get drunk.
I would prefer not to.
I would prefer tea to coffee.
I would prefer that she come.
I would prefer that you didn't submit this.
I would prefer that you didn’t submit this.
I would prefer that you spoke English to the children.
I would prefer the black one, there.
I would prefer the second sentence.
I would prefer the second.
I would prefer things not to change.
I would prefer to do it myself.
I would prefer to get a divorce.
I would prefer to go out than stay in.
I would prefer to have a list of Italian words which aren't in the corpus.
I would prefer to have a list of Italian words which aren’t in the corpus.
I would prefer to have beer rather than wine.
I would prefer to live in a residential area, not downtown.
I would prefer to meet Tom in person rather than talk to him via phone.
I would prefer to not leave tonight.
I would prefer to speak to you in private.
I would prefer to spend six months in jail rather than getting busted.
I would prefer to stay home rather than go out.
I would prefer to take a contributory role.
I would prefer to work alone rather than working with Tom.
I would prefer today over tomorrow.
I would prefer you to speak English with the children.
I would probably have done the same thing.
I would proudly carry the title of nerd.
I would put a semicolon.
I would quit before I would do that job in this company.
I would rather Tom didn't come.
I would rather Tom hadn't come.
I would rather be a bird than a fish.
I would rather be apart.
I would rather be dead than a music critic.
I would rather be deceived than to deceive.
I would rather be healthy than wealthy.
I would rather be killed than live in disgrace.
I would rather be poor than be rich by taking advantage of others.
I would rather be poor than make money by dishonest means.
I would rather buy one well-constructed high-quality brassiere than a bunch of cheap ones that fall apart quickly.
I would rather die misunderstood than spend the rest of my life explaining myself.
I would rather die than conceal my belief.
I would rather die than disgrace myself.
I would rather die than do it.
I would rather die than do such a thing.
I would rather die than do such an unfair thing.
I would rather die than have such a terrible experience.
I would rather die than leave you, Tom!
I would rather die than live in disgrace.
I would rather die than live in dishonor.
I would rather die than marry her.
I would rather die than marry him.
I would rather die than relinquish my virginity before marriage.
I would rather die than steal from others.
I would rather die than submit.
I would rather die than surrender.
I would rather die than watch something so shameful.
I would rather die than yield.
I would rather die.
I would rather divorce him.
I would rather eat moussaka in a seaside Greek city.
I would rather eat worms than sit with you.
I would rather endure the poverty of Wolf's Crag than be pestered with the wealth of Ravenswood Castle.
I would rather fail than copy.
I would rather feed my dog before we eat.
I would rather go on foot than stay here waiting for the bus.
I would rather go out than stay at home.
I would rather go out.
I would rather go swimming.
I would rather go there by bike than walk.
I would rather go to the art museum than to the movie theater.
I would rather go to the mountains than to the beach.
I would rather go to the movie alone than have Bob come with me.
I would rather have a cat than a dog.
I would rather have a coffee.
I would rather have a sandwich than a toast.
I would rather have been born in Japan.
I would rather have beer than wine.
I would rather have not left the office now.
I would rather have tea than coffee.
I would rather just have fun with my friends, the people who have made it clear that they are interested in a shared experience, than deal with things that are purely performed due to some sense of obligation.
I would rather kill myself than reconcile myself to my fate.
I would rather leave early than travel on rush-hour trains.
I would rather let him have his own way.
I would rather live alone in a village.
I would rather live alone in the country.
I would rather live by myself than do as he tells me to do.
I would rather live by myself than do what he tells me to do.
I would rather live in hell than in America.
I would rather live in hell than in the US.
I would rather live in hell than in the United States.
I would rather not do that.
I would rather not eat the same food again today.
I would rather not go out today.
I would rather not go shopping alone.
I would rather not go there alone.
I would rather not go to school today.
I would rather not go.
I would rather not invite Tom to lunch.
I would rather not limit myself to just one relationship.
I would rather not talk about it.
I would rather order beer.
I would rather our uncle visited us.
I would rather play tennis than swim.
I would rather play the drums than sing.
I would rather quit than work under him.
I would rather read a book at home than go out tonight.
I would rather read a nice novel than study vocabulary.
I would rather remain single than live an unhappy life with him.
I would rather say no more.
I would rather sing than dance.
I would rather sit reading in the library than go home.
I would rather starve than start stealing.
I would rather starve than steal.
I would rather starve than work under him.
I would rather starve to death than steal something.
I would rather starve to death than steal.
I would rather stay at home and watch TV than to go to a movie theater.
I would rather stay at home than go alone.
I would rather stay at home than go fishing.
I would rather stay at home than go out for a walk.
I would rather stay at home than go out in the rain.
I would rather stay at home than go out in this hot weather.
I would rather stay at home than go out on such a cold day.
I would rather stay at home than go out today.
I would rather stay at home than go out.
I would rather stay at home than go shopping.
I would rather stay at home than go to the movies tonight.
I would rather stay at home than go to the movies.
I would rather stay at home.
I would rather stay here.
I would rather stay home than go out with him.
I would rather stay home than go out.
I would rather study than play today.
I would rather take a political risk in pursuit of peace than to risk peace in pursuit of politics.
I would rather take night shifts for a month than work a single day with Tom.
I would rather talk about pleasant things.
I would rather talk to a nerd.
I would rather that Tom didn't come.
I would rather that the people should wonder why I wasn't President than why I am.
I would rather that you never returned than know that you wanted to leave.
I would rather throw the money away than give it to him.
I would rather walk than go by taxi.
I would rather walk than wait for the next bus.
I would rather watch an exciting thriller.
I would rather work for any company than waste another year.
I would rather you came on Friday than on Thursday.
I would rather you had a day off.
I would rather you hadn't told him the truth.
I would rather you hadn’t told him the truth.
I would rather, much rather, not know who my father was than know he had been a tyrant to my mother.
I would react very badly.
I would read the novel if it were interesting.
I would read this book, but I don't have the time.
I would read this book, but I don’t have the time.
I would really appreciate a glass of cold beer.
I would really hate to be you right now.
I would really like for you to go there.
I would really like to explore this cave.
I would really like to go there.
I would really like to hear this.
I would really like to help you, but my hands are tied.
I would really like to know why he did something like that.
I would really like to know why he did such a thing.
I would really like to know your daughter's name.
I would really like to learn English.
I would really like to learn more about your country.
I would really like to see you.
I would really like to study French.
I would really like to travel the world.
I would really like to visit Greece and Romania.
I would really like you to go.
I would recommend not doing that.
I would recommend otherwise.
I would recommend the opposite.
I would recommend this book even more than the first.
I would recommend to everyone that can speak German that they read "Liebesgeschichte" by Hans Peter Richter.
I would rehang the mirror on the opposite wall.
I would respond to him, but I'm busy.
I would say exactly the same.
I would say it exactly like this.
I would say it's a gray area.
I would say it's working.
I would say that I tolerate cold better than heat.
I would say that I'm healthy at the moment, but I don't want to jinx myself.
I would say that Mary is an ENFJ.
I would say that Tom is more than a friend but less than a boyfriend.
I would say that Yamada is more of an "herbivore".
I would say that Yamada is passive towards women.
I would say that a verse is a structural unit, whereas a passage or excerpt can consist of parts of multiple verses or a small part of a verse.
I would say that it's a gray area.
I would say that normal people would be needed.
I would say that we have a full belly, right?
I would say the worst is over.
I would say this is a sentence.
I would say we're all here.
I would scream very loudly if I saw a scorpion in my room.
I would see Mr White.
I would sell this dog if it was taller.
I would send my son rather than go myself.
I would so love to see you.
I would so much love to see you.
I would sometimes study late at night in my youth.
I would sometimes travel abroad alone.
I would sooner die than get up early every morning.
I would sooner die than give up.
I would sooner starve than betray him.
I would sooner stay than go.
I would split with Tom if I wanted to.
I would stain my fingers red.
I would stay here with you if I could.
I would stay longer if I could.
I would still like a cup of coffee. Could you please make me one?
I would still like to hear Tom's opinion before coming to a conclusion.
I would strongly advise you to stop doing that.
I would strongly recommend you to read the Quran.
I would suggest another approach entirely.
I would suggest the following change.
I would sure like to see one of them.
I would swap their places.
I would swim through the ocean just to see your smile again.
I would take French, for choice.
I would take it as a sign.
I would take this brown tie.
I would take this dress before that one.
I would talk to Tom if I were you.
I would tell Sami anything, no matter what it is.
I would tell Tom about that if I were you.
I would tell you if I could.
I would tell you if you would just listen quietly.
I would tend to agree with that.
I would tend to disagree.
I would therefore like to draw attention to the Report of the Committee on Invisible Members of Parliament.
I would think Tom would appreciate your help.
I would think Tom would be very glad to do that for you.
I would think of you.
I would think that Tom would appreciate your help.
I would think that Tom would be very glad to do that for you.
I would think you have other things to keep you busy.
I would totally love that.
I would travel to Turkey if I spoke Turkish.
I would truly appreciate your kind understanding of my reasons.
I would trust Skura with my life.
I would trust Tom with my life.
I would trust her with my life.
I would trust him with my life.
I would understand if you cannot talk about it.
I would understand you.
I would unite with anybody to do right, and with nobody to do wrong.
I would urge caution.
I would very much appreciate it if you would help me, not Tom.
I would very much appreciate receiving a copy of the book.
I would very much like not to have to talk to him at all.
I would very much like the place where I live to be less polluted.
I would very much like to go.
I would very much like to see her again.
I would very much like to see them again.
I would very much like to talk to you.
I would visit you if I had the time.
I would visit you if I had time.
I would voluntarily help you, but I'm occupied at the moment.
I would volunteer.
I would vote for Tom if I could.
I would vote for that.
I would walk along the river.
I would walk in the woods when I was a boy.
I would walk, except it's too hot.
I would walk, except it’s too hot.
I would want a suitcase.
I would want all bombers in the world to carry on board not bombs, but flowers.
I would want to eat breakfast.
I would want to finish my studies next spring.
I would want to.
I would wholeheartedly agree.
I would've accepted Tom's offer.
I would've accepted that.
I would've acted differently.
I would've advised Tom not to do that.
I would've advised Tom to do that.
I would've advised against that.
I would've advised you not to do that.
I would've agreed with you.
I would've alerted you somehow.
I would've anticipated that.
I would've apologized to Tom if I'd thought I needed to.
I would've apologized.
I would've appreciated a call.
I would've appreciated a heads-up.
I would've appreciated knowing that.
I would've arrived earlier if there hadn't been a traffic jam on Park Street.
I would've arrived earlier if there hadn't been a traffic jam.
I would've asked Tom to do that if I'd thought he could do it.
I would've asked for permission.
I would've asked more questions.
I would've asked some questions.
I would've been able to do that if Tom had helped me.
I would've been able to do that if somebody had shown me how.
I would've been able to do that if someone had shown me how.
I would've been afraid to do that.
I would've been disappointed.
I would've been embarrassed.
I would've been frightened.
I would've been happier if I had stayed there.
I would've been happier if I'd stayed there.
I would've been happy to get a gift.
I would've been happy to go with you.
I would've been happy to help Tom.
I would've been heartbroken.
I would've been here sooner if I could've been.
I would've been late if Tom hadn't given me a ride.
I would've been lost without you.
I would've been more patient.
I would've been more prepared.
I would've been really angry.
I would've been really embarrassed.
I would've been really worried.
I would've been shocked.
I would've been surprised.
I would've been there by now if my car hadn't broken down.
I would've been there sooner if I could've been.
I would've been too scared to do that.
I would've been unable to do that if you hadn't helped.
I would've been unable to do that without Tom's help.
I would've been unable to do that without your help.
I would've been worried if Tom hadn't been there.
I would've bet my life on it.
I would've bought it.
I would've bought more clothes if I had had the money.
I would've bought that car if I'd had the money.
I would've bought that for you.
I would've bought that if the price had been a little lower.
I would've brought my banjo if I'd known you were going to bring your guitar.
I would've called Tom if I'd had his phone number.
I would've chosen Tom.
I would've come even if you hadn't invited me.
I would've come to Boston with you if I could have.
I would've come to Boston with you if I could've.
I would've come to see you if I'd had the time.
I would've come to see you if I'd had time.
I would've come to you yesterday if I'd been able to.
I would've come yesterday if I could've.
I would've cooked something different.
I would've definitely noticed that.
I would've died if you hadn't saved me.
I would've died if you'd left me.
I would've died of embarrassment.
I would've done anything for you.
I would've done anything in the world to help Tom.
I would've done anything.
I would've done better than he did.
I would've done better than he.
I would've done better than him.
I would've done better than you.
I would've done better.
I would've done exactly what you did.
I would've done it at that time.
I would've done it by myself if Tom hadn't been there.
I would've done it differently.
I would've done it for you if you'd asked me to.
I would've done it for you if you'd asked.
I would've done it if you hadn't stopped me.
I would've done it that way, too.
I would've done it, but you beat me to it.
I would've done it.
I would've done that a different way.
I would've done that anyway.
I would've done that by myself if I'd known how.
I would've done that by myself if Tom hadn't been there.
I would've done that by myself if Tom hadn't helped me.
I would've done that by myself if Tom hadn't volunteered to help me.
I would've done that differently.
I would've done that for Tom if I'd had more time.
I would've done that for you if I'd had more time.
I would've done that for you if you'd asked.
I would've done that for you.
I would've done that if I could have.
I would've done that if I could've.
I would've done that if I'd had more time.
I would've done that if I'd had the chance to.
I would've done that if I'd had the chance.
I would've done that if I'd had the time.
I would've done that if I'd known how.
I would've done that if I'd known it was necessary.
I would've done that if Tom had asked me to.
I would've done that if Tom hadn't stopped me.
I would've done that if my parents had let me.
I would've done that if you had asked me to.
I would've done that if you'd asked me to.
I would've done that myself if I'd had known how to.
I would've done that myself if I'd had more time.
I would've done that myself if I'd known how.
I would've done that right the first time if you'd helped me.
I would've done that, but you beat me to it.
I would've done that.
I would've done the same for Tom.
I would've done the same if I were you.
I would've done the same thing Tom did.
I would've done the same thing if I were you.
I would've done the same thing you did.
I would've done the same thing, I think.
I would've done the same thing.
I would've done things differently.
I would've driven if Tom had let me.
I would've drowned if you hadn't saved me.
I would've eaten more if I hadn't been sick.
I would've eaten the apple.
I would've enjoyed that.
I would've expected Tom to behave more politely.
I would've expected better behaviour from Tom.
I would've extended my vacation.
I would've failed without Tom's help.
I would've failed without your advice.
I would've feigned interest.
I would've felt awful.
I would've felt awkward.
I would've felt happy.
I would've felt terrible.
I would've finished the job.
I would've fired Tom.
I would've fired you.
I would've followed you anywhere.
I would've forgotten that.
I would've found out anyway.
I would've found out eventually.
I would've given Tom some money if I'd had any to give.
I would've given up.
I would've given you anything.
I would've given you everything.
I would've given you permission.
I would've gladly kicked his ass myself.
I would've gone swimming if I'd had the chance to.
I would've gone swimming if I'd had time.
I would've gone to Australia if I could've.
I would've gone to Australia if I'd had the chance.
I would've gone to Australia with you if my parents had let me.
I would've gone to Boston if I could have.
I would've gone to Boston if I could've.
I would've gone to Boston if I'd had the chance.
I would've gone to Boston with you if my parents had let me.
I would've gone to prison if I hadn't had such a good lawyer.
I would've gone to the movies if I'd had the time.
I would've gone with you if you'd invited me.
I would've got fired.
I would've gotten bored by now.
I would've gotten caught eventually.
I would've had a good time.
I would've had a problem.
I would've had to take so many exams if I went to medical school.
I would've handled it differently.
I would've helped you if you had asked.
I would've helped you if you'd asked.
I would've helped you if you'd let me know you needed help.
I would've helped you if you'd only asked.
I would've helped you sooner if you'd let me know you needed help.
I would've helped you.
I would've hired Tom.
I would've hugged Mary if I'd thought she'd let me.
I would've hugged Tom and Mary if I'd thought they'd let me.
I would've hugged Tom if I'd thought he'd let me.
I would've introduced you to Tom if I'd known you wanted to be introduced.
I would've just given up.
I would've just laughed.
I would've just run away.
I would've just stayed home.
I would've kept your secret.
I would've left a note.
I would've left before Tom got here if I'd known he was coming.
I would've left early if I could have.
I would've left early if I could've.
I would've left on my trip if the weather hadn't been bad.
I would've left.
I would've let Mary drive if I'd known she wanted to.
I would've let Tom and Mary do that.
I would've let Tom do it.
I would've let Tom do that.
I would've let Tom drive if I'd known he wanted to.
I would've let Tom win.
I would've let her do it.
I would've let him do it.
I would've let them do it.
I would've let you do it.
I would've liked it if you'd come with us.
I would've liked that.
I would've liked to come with you, but I didn't have time.
I would've liked to do that, but I couldn't.
I would've liked to do that.
I would've liked to go with you.
I would've liked to have been here.
I would've liked to have been there.
I would've liked to have continued the conversation.
I would've liked to have done that again.
I would've liked to have gone there with you.
I would've liked to say goodbye to you. Where were you?
I would've liked to see you off. Where were you?
I would've liked to sing.
I would've liked to stay longer.
I would've liked to stay.
I would've liked to wish you happy birthday in person.
I would've listened more carefully than Tom did.
I would've lost my job if I'd done what Tom did.
I would've loved going to Australia with you.
I would've loved going to Boston with you.
I would've loved to meet Tom.
I would've loved to see that happen.
I would've loved to see what Tom had in his suitcase.
I would've made it in time if my zipper hadn't gotten stuck.
I would've made the same mistake.
I would've missed the train if I'd stopped to buy something to eat.
I would've needed more time.
I would've never believed that.
I would've never complained.
I would've never done such a thing.
I would've never done that if Tom had asked me not to.
I would've never done that if Tom hadn't asked me to.
I would've never done that if Tom hadn't been there.
I would've never done that that way.
I would've never done that.
I would've never done this.
I would've never done what Tom did.
I would've never expected something like this to happen.
I would've never expected this to happen.
I would've never gone there without you.
I would've never guessed Tom was from Australia.
I would've never guessed that Tom and Mary were from Boston.
I would've never guessed that Tom was from Australia.
I would've never guessed that Tom was from Boston.
I would've never guessed that.
I would've never guessed.
I would've never kissed Tom.
I would've never lied to you.
I would've never managed without you.
I would've never met you if I hadn't broken my leg.
I would've never noticed that.
I would've never thought of that!
I would've never thought of that.
I would've noticed that immediately.
I would've paid attention.
I would've paid more attention.
I would've paid.
I would've picked Tom.
I would've played longer.
I would've preferred Tom to do it.
I would've preferred doing something else.
I would've preferred it if you'd told me that earlier.
I would've preferred not to be here.
I would've preferred something else.
I would've preferred to go to Boston.
I would've preferred you do it.
I would've probably gotten killed.
I would've probably lost.
I would've pulled the trigger.
I would've rather done something else.
I would've rather played tennis.
I would've rather said nothing.
I would've read that book if Tom had told me it was interesting.
I would've read the novel if it'd been interesting.
I would've really liked that.
I would've remembered your smile.
I would've said it some other way.
I would've said no.
I would've said nothing.
I would've said something.
I would've said the same thing.
I would've said yes.
I would've sent Tom money.
I would've sent her money.
I would've sent him money.
I would've sent roses.
I would've sent someone else.
I would've sent them money.
I would've sent you money.
I would've shown you how to do if you'd asked me.
I would've shown you how to do it right.
I would've shown you how to do that if you'd asked me to.
I would've shown you how to do that if you'd asked.
I would've shown you how to do that.
I would've shut my phone off.
I would've spent whatever it took.
I would've stayed a while.
I would've stayed at home.
I would've stayed behind.
I would've stayed home.
I would've stayed if I'd had the time.
I would've stayed in Australia longer if I could've.
I would've stayed in Boston longer if I could have.
I would've stayed in Boston longer if I could've.
I would've stayed in bed.
I would've stopped doing that if Tom had asked me to.
I would've stopped doing that if you had asked me to.
I would've succeeded if I'd tried harder.
I would've succeeded if I'd worked harder.
I would've taken care of Tom.
I would've taken care of her.
I would've taken care of him.
I would've taken care of them.
I would've taken care of you.
I would've talked to Tom instead of just ignoring him.
I would've testified.
I would've thought Tom would do that.
I would've thought Tom would enjoy doing that.
I would've thought Tom would enjoy that.
I would've thought Tom would've been here.
I would've thought Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that.
I would've thought Tom wouldn't enjoy that.
I would've thought Tom wouldn't like doing that.
I would've thought Tom's French would be better.
I would've thought that Tom would do that.
I would've thought that Tom would enjoy doing that.
I would've thought that Tom would enjoy that.
I would've thought that Tom would've been here.
I would've thought that Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that.
I would've thought that Tom wouldn't enjoy that.
I would've thought that Tom wouldn't like doing that.
I would've thought that Tom's French would be better.
I would've thought that you would've done that.
I would've thought that you'd be unhappy.
I would've thought that you'd do that.
I would've thought that you'd have been happy.
I would've thought you would've done that.
I would've thought you'd be unhappy.
I would've thought you'd do that.
I would've thought you'd have been happy.
I would've thrown in the towel and quit a long time ago.
I would've thrown you out.
I would've told Tom if I had known.
I would've told Tom.
I would've told you before, but I didn't think you'd understand.
I would've told you earlier, but I didn't think you'd understand.
I would've told you earlier, but I didn't want to ruin dinner.
I would've told you eventually.
I would've told you everything.
I would've told you how to do it right.
I would've told you how to do that if you'd asked me to.
I would've told you how to do that if you'd asked me.
I would've told you if I'd known.
I would've told you this before, but I didn't think you'd understand.
I would've told you, but Tom made me promise not to tell.
I would've told you, but Tom made me promise not to.
I would've told you.
I would've treated you better than that.
I would've treated you better.
I would've tried to stop you.
I would've understood Tom.
I would've understood that.
I would've understood.
I would've visited Australia if I'd had the chance.
I would've visited Boston if I'd had the chance.
I would've visited Tom if I'd had more time.
I would've visited you if I'd had the time.
I would've visited you if I'd had time.
I would've volunteered.
I would've waited all night.
I would've waited.
I would've wanted to do that with you.
I would've wanted to do that, too.
I would've won if I hadn't sprained my ankle.
I would've won if I hadn't tripped.
I would've won the fight.
I would've worried about it.
I would've written a longer letter if I'd had more time.
I would've written about it.
I would've written that down.
I would, but I can't.
I wouldn't accept that job.
I wouldn't accept that offer if I were you.
I wouldn't accept this bribe.
I wouldn't advise doing that.
I wouldn't advise it.
I wouldn't advise that.
I wouldn't agree to that.
I wouldn't allow Mary to do what she wanted to do.
I wouldn't allow Tom and Mary to do what they wanted to do.
I wouldn't allow Tom to do that again.
I wouldn't allow Tom to do that if I were you.
I wouldn't allow Tom to do what he wanted to do.
I wouldn't allow Tom to go to Australia if I were you.
I wouldn't allow Tom to go to Boston if I were you.
I wouldn't allow Tom to talk with Mary.
I wouldn't allow that to happen.
I wouldn't allow that.
I wouldn't allow you to go.
I wouldn't argue with Tom if I were you.
I wouldn't ask Tom for money if I were you.
I wouldn't ask Tom to do anything that he doesn't really want to do.
I wouldn't ask it if I knew it.
I wouldn't ask this of you if it weren't important.
I wouldn't ask you if it wasn't important.
I wouldn't ask you to do anything that you couldn't do.
I wouldn't ask you to do it if I could find anyone else.
I wouldn't ask you to do it if I didn't think you could.
I wouldn't ask you to do that.
I wouldn't ask you to do this if I knew anyone else who could do it.
I wouldn't bank on it if I were you.
I wouldn't be able afford to live in this neighborhood.
I wouldn't be able to afford that.
I wouldn't be able to afford to live in that neighborhood.
I wouldn't be able to answer something like that.
I wouldn't be able to deal with that.
I wouldn't be able to do that any better myself.
I wouldn't be able to do that even if I tried.
I wouldn't be able to do that even if I wanted to.
I wouldn't be able to do that for a living.
I wouldn't be able to do that.
I wouldn't be able to do this without your help.
I wouldn't be able to explain it to you as well as Tom could.
I wouldn't be able to forget you even if I tried.
I wouldn't be able to get Tom to do that.
I wouldn't be able to go even if I wanted to.
I wouldn't be able to live in this neighborhood.
I wouldn't be able to live with Tom.
I wouldn't be able to live without music.
I wouldn't be able to solve the problem even if I tried.
I wouldn't be able to solve the problem if I tried.
I wouldn't be able to solve the problem, even if I tried.
I wouldn't be able to solve this problem even if I tried.
I wouldn't be able to speak.
I wouldn't be able to tell how we came up with it, but it was the best idea we've had.
I wouldn't be able to tell what color it was.
I wouldn't be able to tell why I turned into a unicorn.
I wouldn't be afraid to do that.
I wouldn't be allowed to do that even if I wanted to.
I wouldn't be calling if it weren't important.
I wouldn't be caught dead buying something like this.
I wouldn't be caught dead wearing that tie.
I wouldn't be caught dead with you.
I wouldn't be doing that if I didn't have to.
I wouldn't be doing that if I didn't need to.
I wouldn't be doing this if I didn't enjoy it.
I wouldn't be doing this if I didn't have to.
I wouldn't be happy if I had to do that.
I wouldn't be here if I didn't have to be.
I wouldn't be here if I didn't need to be.
I wouldn't be here if I didn't want to be.
I wouldn't be here if Tom hadn't invited me.
I wouldn't be here today if Tom hadn't asked me to come.
I wouldn't be here today without you.
I wouldn't be in a big hurry to do that.
I wouldn't be in this mess if I had planned better.
I wouldn't be in this situation if I had been more careful.
I wouldn't be opposed to doing that.
I wouldn't be opposed to going to Australia.
I wouldn't be opposed to going to Boston.
I wouldn't be outside in this kind of weather if I didn't have to be.
I wouldn't be pleased with that.
I wouldn't be so optimistic if I were in your position.
I wouldn't be so optimistic if I were you.
I wouldn't be so optimistic.
I wouldn't be so sure about that.
I wouldn't be so sure of that.
I wouldn't be so sure.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom and Mary are late.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom did that.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom didn't come.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom didn't do that.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom didn't go to Australia.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom didn't go to Boston.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom got kicked out of school.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom is late.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom left early.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom needed to do that.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom stayed in Australia all winter.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom stayed in Boston all winter.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom wanted to do that.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom wanted to go to Australia.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom wanted to go to Boston.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom were late.
I wouldn't be surprised if he resigns his seat.
I wouldn't be surprised if his wife were a mail-order bride. He's that awful.
I wouldn't be surprised if it rained.
I wouldn't be surprised if it rains this afternoon.
I wouldn't be surprised if it snowed tonight.
I wouldn't be surprised if it snowed.
I wouldn't be surprised if it snows tonight.
I wouldn't be surprised if lots of Tatoeba members were Scrabble addicts as well.
I wouldn't be surprised if some Republican influencer's next move was to kick puppies on video to trigger the libs.
I wouldn't be surprised if that happened.
I wouldn't be surprised if that happens.
I wouldn't be surprised if they couldn't find Tom.
I wouldn't be surprised if you also ended up six feet under.
I wouldn't be surprised if you didn't have to pay anything.
I wouldn't be surprised.
I wouldn't be that optimistic if I were you.
I wouldn't be that surprised if Tom did that.
I wouldn't be that surprised if that happened.
I wouldn't be the same without you.
I wouldn't be too sure about it.
I wouldn't be too sure about that.
I wouldn't be too sure if I were you.
I wouldn't be too surprised if Tom didn't get a good TOEFL score.
I wouldn't be too surprised if Tom didn't show up on time.
I wouldn't be too surprised if this song became a hit.
I wouldn't be too surprised if you saw a snake.
I wouldn't believe everything Tom says if I were you.
I wouldn't believe everything Tom says.
I wouldn't believe that happened the way he said it did.
I wouldn't believe that that happened the way he said it did.
I wouldn't believe that that happened the way that he said it did.
I wouldn't believe that that happened the way that he said that it did.
I wouldn't bet against Tom.
I wouldn't bet against her.
I wouldn't bet against him.
I wouldn't bet against them.
I wouldn't bet on it.
I wouldn't bet on that horse if I were you.
I wouldn't bet on that if I were you.
I wouldn't bet on that.
I wouldn't blame Tom if he did that.
I wouldn't blame Tom.
I wouldn't blame her.
I wouldn't blame him.
I wouldn't blame them.
I wouldn't blame you if you did that.
I wouldn't blame you if you didn't do that.
I wouldn't blame you if you didn't want to do that.
I wouldn't blame you if you hated me.
I wouldn't blame you if you preferred to leave.
I wouldn't blame you.
I wouldn't bother to fix that if I were you.
I wouldn't buy a house in that part of town.
I wouldn't buy anything in this store.
I wouldn't buy it either.
I wouldn't buy one of those even if I had enough money.
I wouldn't buy one of those.
I wouldn't buy that beer, but I'll drink it.
I wouldn't buy that either.
I wouldn't buy that even if I had enough money.
I wouldn't buy that for Tom.
I wouldn't buy that if I were you.
I wouldn't buy that used car. It has a broken crank shaft.
I wouldn't buy that.
I wouldn't call it a horror movie, I wasn't scared even once during the whole movie.
I wouldn't call it a radical solution.
I wouldn't call myself a bilingual speaker.
I wouldn't call myself a sentimental person, but it brought tears to my eyes.
I wouldn't call that an improvement.
I wouldn't call them idiots.
I wouldn't call them veterans.
I wouldn't call this an improvement.
I wouldn't care about it if I were alone.
I wouldn't care either way.
I wouldn't care if Tom did that.
I wouldn't care if Tom didn't do that.
I wouldn't care.
I wouldn't categorize Tom that way.
I wouldn't celebrate just yet.
I wouldn't change a thing.
I wouldn't change anything.
I wouldn't change much.
I wouldn't change places with him for the world.
I wouldn't choose this life.
I wouldn't complain about that if I were you.
I wouldn't consider myself a conservative.
I wouldn't consider myself a liberal.
I wouldn't consider this as a mistake.
I wouldn't contradict Tom if I were you.
I wouldn't count Tom out just yet.
I wouldn't count anything out.
I wouldn't count on him for anything.
I wouldn't count on him if I were you.
I wouldn't count on it.
I wouldn't count on that happening if I were you.
I wouldn't count on that happening.
I wouldn't dare ask for a raise.
I wouldn't dare come and visit you now.
I wouldn't dare do that.
I wouldn't dare have my friends come over because my mom is an awful cook.
I wouldn't dare have my friends over because my mom is a horrible cook.
I wouldn't dare to question your prowess in video games.
I wouldn't dare to touch that frog.
I wouldn't date Tom even if he were the last man on earth.
I wouldn't date Tom if he was the last man on earth.
I wouldn't date anyone just for sex and booze.
I wouldn't date her even if she was the last girl on earth.
I wouldn't describe myself as successful.
I wouldn't disagree with that either.
I wouldn't do anything different.
I wouldn't do anything for Tom if I were you.
I wouldn't do anything like that.
I wouldn't do anything to hurt you.
I wouldn't do anything without Tom's consent.
I wouldn't do business with Tom.
I wouldn't do business with him.
I wouldn't do it any differently.
I wouldn't do it any other way.
I wouldn't do it even if I could.
I wouldn't do it for all the money in the world.
I wouldn't do it for all the tea in China.
I wouldn't do it for the world.
I wouldn't do it if I were you.
I wouldn't do it that way if I were you.
I wouldn't do it that way.
I wouldn't do it.
I wouldn't do otherwise.
I wouldn't do something like that.
I wouldn't do that again if I were you.
I wouldn't do that again.
I wouldn't do that anymore if I were you.
I wouldn't do that by myself.
I wouldn't do that either.
I wouldn't do that even if I could.
I wouldn't do that even if I were rich.
I wouldn't do that even if I were very bored.
I wouldn't do that even if Tom asked me to.
I wouldn't do that even if Tom asked me.
I wouldn't do that even if they paid me.
I wouldn't do that even if you offered to help me.
I wouldn't do that even if you paid me.
I wouldn't do that for Tom.
I wouldn't do that for a million bucks.
I wouldn't do that for all the money in the world.
I wouldn't do that here.
I wouldn't do that if I didn't have to.
I wouldn't do that if I were in your shoes.
I wouldn't do that if I were you.
I wouldn't do that if you paid me.
I wouldn't do that in a million years.
I wouldn't do that that way if I were Tom.
I wouldn't do that that way if I were you.
I wouldn't do that that way.
I wouldn't do that the way Tom suggested.
I wouldn't do that to Tom.
I wouldn't do that to anybody.
I wouldn't do that to you.
I wouldn't do that today if I were you.
I wouldn't do that with Tom if I were you.
I wouldn't do that with Tom.
I wouldn't do that with you.
I wouldn't do that without Tom.
I wouldn't do that without their consent.
I wouldn't do that without you.
I wouldn't do that, even if Tom asked me to.
I wouldn't do that.
I wouldn't do this for just anybody.
I wouldn't do this if I didn't have to.
I wouldn't do what you do.
I wouldn't dream of asking Tom for money.
I wouldn't dream of asking Tom to do that.
I wouldn't dream of asking you to do that.
I wouldn't dream of contradicting you.
I wouldn't dream of doing that.
I wouldn't dream of going on a picnic on such a rainy day.
I wouldn't dream of it.
I wouldn't dream of letting you do that.
I wouldn't dream of preventing you from watching the match!
I wouldn't dream of selling my guitar.
I wouldn't dream of stopping now.
I wouldn't dream of telling Tom.
I wouldn't drink from a water fountain during a pandemic.
I wouldn't drink that if I were you.
I wouldn't drive, I'd walk.
I wouldn't drop out of school if I were you.
I wouldn't eat anything Tom cooked if I were you.
I wouldn't eat that if I were you.
I wouldn't encourage anyone to do this.
I wouldn't enjoy doing that again.
I wouldn't enjoy doing that.
I wouldn't entrust Tom with such an important task.
I wouldn't even accept kielbasa from a bastard like that.
I wouldn't even accept sausage from a bastard like that.
I wouldn't even consider doing that.
I wouldn't even consider trying to do that.
I wouldn't even know where to start looking for Tom.
I wouldn't even last a day in such cold weather!
I wouldn't even take a glass of water in the desert from you.
I wouldn't even talk to Tom if I were you.
I wouldn't even think about it.
I wouldn't even try crossing that bridge.
I wouldn't ever consider doing that.
I wouldn't ever do that by myself.
I wouldn't ever do that to you.
I wouldn't ever do that.
I wouldn't ever forget something like that.
I wouldn't ever get a tattoo.
I wouldn't ever kiss my husband in public.
I wouldn't ever kiss my wife in public.
I wouldn't ever really do that where I live.
I wouldn't ever want to cross him.
I wouldn't ever wear a pink hat.
I wouldn't exactly call that lying.
I wouldn't expect too much.
I wouldn't expect you to admit it.
I wouldn't expect you to understand.
I wouldn't feel comfortable asking Tom to do that for us.
I wouldn't feel comfortable doing that.
I wouldn't feel comfortable talking about that.
I wouldn't feel right about it.
I wouldn't feel right about that.
I wouldn't feel safe here by myself.
I wouldn't feel so bad about it.
I wouldn't feel too bad about it.
I wouldn't forgive Mary even if she apologized.
I wouldn't forgive Mary if she did that.
I wouldn't forgive Tom and Mary even if they apologized.
I wouldn't forgive Tom and Mary if they did that.
I wouldn't forgive Tom even if he apologized.
I wouldn't forgive Tom if he did that.
I wouldn't get a cat if I were you. I'd suggest getting a dog.
I wouldn't get involved in their argument.
I wouldn't get involved.
I wouldn't get my hopes up.
I wouldn't give it any thought.
I wouldn't give up if I were you.
I wouldn't give up so easily.
I wouldn't go camping with Tom if I were you.
I wouldn't go in if I were you.
I wouldn't go in there if I were you.
I wouldn't go in there.
I wouldn't go near it if I were you.
I wouldn't go near it, it's explosive after all.
I wouldn't go out in this weather.
I wouldn't go out with her even if she were the only girl in the world!
I wouldn't go out with you even if you were the last woman on earth.
I wouldn't go so far as to say your theory is completely wrong.
I wouldn't go so far as to say your theory is wrong.
I wouldn't go that far.
I wouldn't go that way if I were you.
I wouldn't go that way.
I wouldn't go there all alone.
I wouldn't go there by myself.
I wouldn't go there if I were you.
I wouldn't go there on my own.
I wouldn't go there so long as I could.
I wouldn't go there to live, but probably eventually would go to Australia for that.
I wouldn't go there today if I were you.
I wouldn't go there.
I wouldn't go to Australia if I were you.
I wouldn't go to Australia with Tom.
I wouldn't go to Australia without you.
I wouldn't go to Boston if I were you.
I wouldn't go to Boston with Tom.
I wouldn't go to Boston with you.
I wouldn't go to Boston without you.
I wouldn't go to Kabylie in this time of the year.
I wouldn't go under any circumstances.
I wouldn't go with you for anything.
I wouldn't guarantee it yet.
I wouldn't have agreed to do that if I'd know how much time it was going to take.
I wouldn't have an arranged marriage.
I wouldn't have anything against a drink.
I wouldn't have anything to say.
I wouldn't have asked you for help if I could have done that by myself.
I wouldn't have asked you for help if I could've done that by myself.
I wouldn't have asked you to come if it weren't absolutely necessary.
I wouldn't have asked you to do that if I could have done it myself.
I wouldn't have asked you to do that if I could've done it myself.
I wouldn't have asked you to do that if I didn't think you could do it.
I wouldn't have been a good engineer.
I wouldn't have been able to do it without you all.
I wouldn't have been able to do it without you.
I wouldn't have been able to do that if Tom hadn't helped me.
I wouldn't have been able to do that if Tom hadn't helped.
I wouldn't have been able to do that if you hadn't helped.
I wouldn't have been able to do that without Tom's help.
I wouldn't have been able to do that without you.
I wouldn't have been able to do that without your help.
I wouldn't have been able to do that.
I wouldn't have been able to do this without your help.
I wouldn't have been able to finish the job without your help.
I wouldn't have been able to pretend I didn't care.
I wouldn't have been able to pretend that I didn't care.
I wouldn't have been late if I hadn't had to wait for Tom.
I wouldn't have been ready yet.
I wouldn't have believed that if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes.
I wouldn't have bought that.
I wouldn't have bought this if I'd known it had been made by slave labor.
I wouldn't have called you if it wasn't important.
I wouldn't have changed anything.
I wouldn't have come all the way out here if I didn't really need your help.
I wouldn't have come here if Tom hadn't asked me to.
I wouldn't have come here if Tom hadn't invited me.
I wouldn't have come if I'd known Tom was going to be here.
I wouldn't have dared to dream that!
I wouldn't have done it any differently.
I wouldn't have done it for my own sake.
I wouldn't have done it if you hadn't helped.
I wouldn't have done it without Tom's consent.
I wouldn't have done it without your help.
I wouldn't have done it.
I wouldn't have done something like this last year.
I wouldn't have done such a thing.
I wouldn't have done that alone.
I wouldn't have done that any differently.
I wouldn't have done that by myself.
I wouldn't have done that even if I'd wanted to.
I wouldn't have done that if I didn't have to.
I wouldn't have done that if I hadn't been drunk.
I wouldn't have done that if I were you.
I wouldn't have done that if I'd known it would make Tom angry.
I wouldn't have done that if I'd known that I wasn't supposed to.
I wouldn't have done that if I'd known.
I wouldn't have done that if Tom had asked me not to.
I wouldn't have done that if Tom hadn't been there.
I wouldn't have done that if Tom hadn't insisted that I do.
I wouldn't have done that if Tom hadn't made me.
I wouldn't have done that if Tom hadn't told me to.
I wouldn't have done that if you had asked me not to.
I wouldn't have done that if you hadn't told me to.
I wouldn't have done that in your place.
I wouldn't have done that kind of a thing.
I wouldn't have done that myself.
I wouldn't have done that that way.
I wouldn't have done that the way Tom did it.
I wouldn't have done that the way Tom did.
I wouldn't have done that without their consent.
I wouldn't have done that.
I wouldn't have done the same thing.
I wouldn't have done things that way.
I wouldn't have dreamed of it.
I wouldn't have dreamt of it.
I wouldn't have dyed my hair that color.
I wouldn't have eaten that.
I wouldn't have even tried to do that if you hadn't been there to help me.
I wouldn't have ever expected that to happen.
I wouldn't have expected Tom to be able to do that.
I wouldn't have expected any less from Tom.
I wouldn't have expected anything else.
I wouldn't have expected it to be that tall.
I wouldn't have expected you to say something like that.
I wouldn't have fired Tom.
I wouldn't have given up like Tom did.
I wouldn't have given up so easily.
I wouldn't have gone there by myself.
I wouldn't have gone there.
I wouldn't have gone to Australia if I didn't have to.
I wouldn't have gone to Australia if Tom hadn't told me to.
I wouldn't have gone to Boston if I didn't have to.
I wouldn't have gone to Boston if Tom hadn't told me to.
I wouldn't have gotten here on time if you hadn't given me a ride.
I wouldn't have gotten the job if you hadn't recommended me.
I wouldn't have had to keep that secret.
I wouldn't have handled it that way.
I wouldn't have helped Tom and Mary do that.
I wouldn't have helped Tom do that.
I wouldn't have him on the other side in a negotiation.
I wouldn't have hit Tom.
I wouldn't have it any other way.
I wouldn't have kissed Mary if I'd know she was your girlfriend.
I wouldn't have kissed Tom if I hadn't been drunk.
I wouldn't have kissed Tom if I'd know he was your boyfriend.
I wouldn't have known that if Tom hadn't told me.
I wouldn't have known that if you hadn't told me.
I wouldn't have lasted a day.
I wouldn't have left early if Tom hadn't told me I could.
I wouldn't have let Tom and Mary do that.
I wouldn't have let Tom do that.
I wouldn't have let Tom drive if I'd been you.
I wouldn't have let anything happen to Tom.
I wouldn't have lied if Tom hadn't insisted that I do.
I wouldn't have made it without you.
I wouldn't have made that mistake.
I wouldn't have missed it for anything.
I wouldn't have missed your party for anything.
I wouldn't have overcome that crisis without your help.
I wouldn't have passed without your help.
I wouldn't have recognized Tom if he hadn't been with Mary.
I wouldn't have risked it.
I wouldn't have said anything to Tom about that.
I wouldn't have said anything.
I wouldn't have said it like that.
I wouldn't have said it that way.
I wouldn't have succeeded without Tom's help.
I wouldn't have succeeded without his help.
I wouldn't have succeeded without your help.
I wouldn't have such a good job if you hadn't helped me find it.
I wouldn't have sung that song if I'd known it would make Tom cry.
I wouldn't have the cheek to say such a thing.
I wouldn't have the courage to do what Tom did.
I wouldn't have the guts to do that.
I wouldn't have the nerve to do that.
I wouldn't have thought I would get this far.
I wouldn't have thought I would someday look up "Viagra" in Wikipedia.
I wouldn't have thought Tom would fall in love with Mary.
I wouldn't have thought that tofu tastes this good.
I wouldn't have to do that if Tom and Mary were here.
I wouldn't have to do that if Tom were here.
I wouldn't have told Tom if I didn't have to.
I wouldn't have tried doing that by myself.
I wouldn't have tried to do that by myself.
I wouldn't have trusted Tom either.
I wouldn't have visited Australia if Tom hadn't told me to.
I wouldn't have visited Boston if Tom hadn't told me to.
I wouldn't have waited.
I wouldn't have worried about that.
I wouldn't help Tom and Mary do that if I were you.
I wouldn't help Tom anymore if I were you.
I wouldn't help Tom do that if I were you.
I wouldn't help Tom if I were you.
I wouldn't help you even if I could.
I wouldn't hold my breath if I were you.
I wouldn't hold my breath.
I wouldn't hurt Tom.
I wouldn't hurt a fly.
I wouldn't hurt her.
I wouldn't hurt him.
I wouldn't hurt them.
I wouldn't hurt you.
I wouldn't impugn your integrity simply because we have different value systems.
I wouldn't include it.
I wouldn't know about that.
I wouldn't know how to begin.
I wouldn't know how to help you.
I wouldn't know how to thank you enough.
I wouldn't know what to do at home all the time.
I wouldn't know what to do with it.
I wouldn't know what to do with that.
I wouldn't know what to do without you.
I wouldn't know what to do.
I wouldn't know what to say to Tom.
I wouldn't know where to begin.
I wouldn't know where to look.
I wouldn't know where to plug them in.
I wouldn't know where to start.
I wouldn't know, I can't drive yet.
I wouldn't leave Tom.
I wouldn't leave without you.
I wouldn't lend Tom any money if I were you.
I wouldn't lend Tom money if I were you.
I wouldn't let Mary do what she wanted to do.
I wouldn't let Tom and Mary do that if I were you.
I wouldn't let Tom and Mary do that.
I wouldn't let Tom and Mary do what they wanted to do.
I wouldn't let Tom die.
I wouldn't let Tom do that if I were you.
I wouldn't let Tom do that.
I wouldn't let Tom do what he wanted to do.
I wouldn't let Tom drive if I were you.
I wouldn't let Tom hear you say that.
I wouldn't let Tom near my cats.
I wouldn't let a goof-up like that get to you. People have short memories and the one good thing about gossip is that it's short-lived.
I wouldn't let anybody hurt you.
I wouldn't let my children do that.
I wouldn't let my daughter pierce her nose.
I wouldn't let that bother you.
I wouldn't let that happen.
I wouldn't let that money go to Skura.
I wouldn't let you do that.
I wouldn't let you win.
I wouldn't lie to Tom.
I wouldn't lie to you.
I wouldn't like being a judge.
I wouldn't like everyone acting like me.
I wouldn't like everyone behaving like me.
I wouldn't like everyone being like me.
I wouldn't like that either.
I wouldn't like that very much.
I wouldn't like that.
I wouldn't like to answer this question.
I wouldn't like to be a sailor because I'm afraid of water.
I wouldn't like to be in Tom's shoes.
I wouldn't like to be in Tom's skin.
I wouldn't like to be in her shoes.
I wouldn't like to be in his position, for all his wealth.
I wouldn't like to be like him.
I wouldn't like to cash in on other people's misfortunes.
I wouldn't like to do it any longer.
I wouldn't like to do that here.
I wouldn't like to do that.
I wouldn't like to get into a self-propelled computer; I'd rather drive myself.
I wouldn't like to have to do this again.
I wouldn't like to have to redo it.
I wouldn't like to have to redo this.
I wouldn't like to help those who don't need help.
I wouldn't like to justify my decision.
I wouldn't like to lie to her.
I wouldn't like to live alone.
I wouldn't like to live there.
I wouldn't like to meet him in a dark place.
I wouldn't like to tell her the truth.
I wouldn't like to work in a hospital.
I wouldn't like us to be seen together.
I wouldn't like you to do that.
I wouldn't like you to stop doing that.
I wouldn't live in Australia.
I wouldn't live in Boston.
I wouldn't live in this flat even if it cost nothing.
I wouldn't lose a lot of sleep over it.
I wouldn't lose any sleep over it.
I wouldn't lower myself to borrow money.
I wouldn't make a big deal out of it.
I wouldn't make any sudden moves.
I wouldn't make you do something like that.
I wouldn't make you do that.
I wouldn't marry Tom even if he were the richest man in the world.
I wouldn't mention it.
I wouldn't mess with Tom if I were you.
I wouldn't mess with Yanni if I were you.
I wouldn't mess with Yanni.
I wouldn't mind a beer right now.
I wouldn't mind a compliment from time to time.
I wouldn't mind a cup of coffee.
I wouldn't mind a drink.
I wouldn't mind a pint now.
I wouldn't mind answering a few questions.
I wouldn't mind buying that for you.
I wouldn't mind doing it again.
I wouldn't mind doing that again.
I wouldn't mind doing that at all.
I wouldn't mind doing that for you.
I wouldn't mind doing that.
I wouldn't mind finding a Singaporean wife.
I wouldn't mind going out for a while.
I wouldn't mind going someplace else.
I wouldn't mind going to the cinema.
I wouldn't mind having such angelic patience, either.
I wouldn't mind helping Tom.
I wouldn't mind helping her.
I wouldn't mind helping him.
I wouldn't mind helping them.
I wouldn't mind helping you do that.
I wouldn't mind helping you.
I wouldn't mind if I didn't win.
I wouldn't mind if Tom borrowed my car.
I wouldn't mind if Tom came to my party.
I wouldn't mind if Tom did that.
I wouldn't mind if Tom didn't do that.
I wouldn't mind if you did that.
I wouldn't mind if you left early.
I wouldn't mind losing a few pounds.
I wouldn't mind making them pay dearly.
I wouldn't mind not having seen that.
I wouldn't mind raw carrots if they weren't so crunchy.
I wouldn't mind some company.
I wouldn't mind spending some quality time with my best students.
I wouldn't mind stopping for a while now.
I wouldn't mind stretching my legs a little.
I wouldn't mind that.
I wouldn't mind waiting just a little while longer.
I wouldn't mind working for a company like that.
I wouldn't miss it for anything.
I wouldn't miss it for the world!
I wouldn't miss it for the world.
I wouldn't miss it.
I wouldn't miss that for anything.
I wouldn't miss this for all the tea in China.
I wouldn't miss this for anything.
I wouldn't miss this for the world.
I wouldn't miss your concert for anything.
I wouldn't miss your concert for the world.
I wouldn't miss your party for anything.
I wouldn't miss your wedding for anything.
I wouldn't move to Australia if I were you.
I wouldn't object if you wanted to do that.
I wouldn't object if you wanted to go with Tom.
I wouldn't object if you wanted to go with her.
I wouldn't part with that book at any price.
I wouldn't permit Tom to do that if I were you.
I wouldn't permit such familiarity.
I wouldn't pitch my tent there if I were you.
I wouldn't play along.
I wouldn't press the matter any further, if I were you.
I wouldn't push him too far. You don't know what he might do. I'd say you can't be too careful. They say even a doomed mouse will bite a cat if he has no choice.
I wouldn't put anything past Tom.
I wouldn't put it in quite those words.
I wouldn't put it past Tom.
I wouldn't put it past her.
I wouldn't put it past him to cheat if it served his interests.
I wouldn't put it past him.
I wouldn't put it past the guy who killed Tom.
I wouldn't put it past them.
I wouldn't put it that way.
I wouldn't put that in the back of the kitchen.
I wouldn't put too much trust in Tom.
I wouldn't put up with that.
I wouldn't quit if I were you.
I wouldn't quit.
I wouldn't read too much into it.
I wouldn't really call Tom a friend.
I wouldn't really call Tom and Mary friends.
I wouldn't really call him a florist if tulips are the only flowers that he sells.
I wouldn't recommend a trypophobe to read about Sukima-onna.
I wouldn't recommend doing that.
I wouldn't recommend going to Boston by bus.
I wouldn't recommend it for everyone.
I wouldn't recommend it.
I wouldn't recommend reading this book.
I wouldn't recommend that book.
I wouldn't recommend that right now.
I wouldn't recommend that.
I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone.
I wouldn't recommend watching this movie home alone at night.
I wouldn't refuse to do that if I were you.
I wouldn't regret this later.
I wouldn't repeat that.
I wouldn't rule anything out.
I wouldn't rule it out.
I wouldn't rule out the possibility of moving to another country if I get a good job offer.
I wouldn't rule that out.
I wouldn't rush things if I were you.
I wouldn't say I'm radical. I'm just passionate about my beliefs and believe moderates aren't doing enough.
I wouldn't say anything if I were you.
I wouldn't say it like that.
I wouldn't say it that way.
I wouldn't say it this way, but I know what you mean.
I wouldn't say it this way.
I wouldn't say it was unimportant.
I wouldn't say it's correct and I wouldn't say either it's incorrect.
I wouldn't say it's unimportant.
I wouldn't say it's wrong, but it's not really good.
I wouldn't say no to a drink.
I wouldn't say no to a pizza.
I wouldn't say no to that.
I wouldn't say no.
I wouldn't say that I don't want to talk with my friend - it's just that I'm really shy.
I wouldn't say that Mary is gorgeous, but she isn't ugly either.
I wouldn't say that around Tom if I were you.
I wouldn't say that if I were you.
I wouldn't say that right now.
I wouldn't say that that's absolutely correct.
I wouldn't say that that's absolutely sure.
I wouldn't say that they were wrong.
I wouldn't say that to Tom if I were you.
I wouldn't say that's absolutely correct.
I wouldn't say that's the best one.
I wouldn't say that.
I wouldn't say they were wrong.
I wouldn't say this is a good solution, but it's not as bad.
I wouldn't say this is bad news.
I wouldn't say we've achieved our goal yet, but we're within striking distance.
I wouldn't sell that at any price.
I wouldn't send a dog out on a night like that.
I wouldn't show you how to do that even if I knew.
I wouldn't sit so close to Tom if I were you.
I wouldn't spend my life here.
I wouldn't stay over five minutes in this strange place to save my life.
I wouldn't support changing the system.
I wouldn't survive the night.
I wouldn't sweat it.
I wouldn't swim in this lake.
I wouldn't take a glass of water in the desert from you.
I wouldn't take his job for the world.
I wouldn't take his word for anything, he's a born liar.
I wouldn't take it personally.
I wouldn't take it too personally.
I wouldn't take my eyes off Tom if I were you.
I wouldn't take my girlfriend there.
I wouldn't take that bet.
I wouldn't take that risk if I were you.
I wouldn't take that risk.
I wouldn't talk to Tom anymore if I were you.
I wouldn't talk to Tom if I were you.
I wouldn't tell Tom about that if I were you.
I wouldn't tell Tom anything if I were you.
I wouldn't tell Tom everything if I were you.
I wouldn't tell Tom how to do that.
I wouldn't tell Tom the truth if I were you.
I wouldn't tell anybody if I were you.
I wouldn't tell anyone if I were you.
I wouldn't tell that to anyone else.
I wouldn't tell them what they wanted to know.
I wouldn't tell you even if I knew.
I wouldn't tell you how to do that even if I knew.
I wouldn't tell you who did that even if I knew.
I wouldn't think of doing that.
I wouldn't think of it.
I wouldn't think so.
I wouldn't throw him out of bed for eating crackers.
I wouldn't touch that if I were you.
I wouldn't touch that stock with a ten-foot pole.
I wouldn't touch that thing with a ten-foot pole.
I wouldn't touch that with a ten foot pole.
I wouldn't touch that.
I wouldn't trade places with anybody.
I wouldn't trade places with anyone in the world.
I wouldn't trade places with anyone.
I wouldn't trust Mary an inch.
I wouldn't trust Tom if I were you.
I wouldn't trust Tom.
I wouldn't trust anyone else.
I wouldn't trust anyone here.
I wouldn't trust anything that came out of Tom's mouth.
I wouldn't trust her.
I wouldn't trust him if he told me the sun was going to rise tomorrow.
I wouldn't trust him.
I wouldn't trust that website, it doesn't seem very kosher.
I wouldn't trust them.
I wouldn't trust you one bit with my entire life.
I wouldn't trust you.
I wouldn't try doing that if I were drunk.
I wouldn't try doing that without some help.
I wouldn't try that again.
I wouldn't try to do that without some help.
I wouldn't try to take away the food from a dog that's eating.
I wouldn't turn my back on Fadil.
I wouldn't turn my back on Sami.
I wouldn't turn my back on Tom if I were you.
I wouldn't use a washing machine whose switch isn't completely in order.
I wouldn't use that even if they let me.
I wouldn't visit Australia if I were you.
I wouldn't visit Boston if I were you.
I wouldn't wait any longer if I were you.
I wouldn't wait for Tom any longer if I were you.
I wouldn't wait for Tom if I were you.
I wouldn't wait if I were you.
I wouldn't wait much longer if I were you.
I wouldn't want Tom as a friend because he's very selfish.
I wouldn't want Tom to get the wrong idea.
I wouldn't want Tom to think we're not taking his proposal seriously.
I wouldn't want a pet turtle.
I wouldn't want anybody to see us.
I wouldn't want anyone to read my diary.
I wouldn't want anyone to see us.
I wouldn't want anything to happen to you.
I wouldn't want everyone acting like me.
I wouldn't want everyone behaving like me.
I wouldn't want him to feel bad about that.
I wouldn't want it any other way.
I wouldn't want it even if they were giving it away.
I wouldn't want my girlfriend pretending to be someone else to try to impress me.
I wouldn't want nobody to see us.
I wouldn't want that to happen.
I wouldn't want to ask Tom that question.
I wouldn't want to be Tom's roommate.
I wouldn't want to be a brain surgeon.
I wouldn't want to be a judge.
I wouldn't want to be a teacher.
I wouldn't want to be an imposition.
I wouldn't want to be in Tom's shoes.
I wouldn't want to be in his shoes.
I wouldn't want to be late for school.
I wouldn't want to be seen together.
I wouldn't want to be the butt of the joke.
I wouldn't want to be the one who has to do that.
I wouldn't want to be twenty again. The first time was enough for me.
I wouldn't want to bother Tom and Mary.
I wouldn't want to bother Tom.
I wouldn't want to bother her.
I wouldn't want to bother him.
I wouldn't want to bother them.
I wouldn't want to bother you guys.
I wouldn't want to bother you.
I wouldn't want to die here.
I wouldn't want to disappoint Tom.
I wouldn't want to disappoint you.
I wouldn't want to do anything against the law.
I wouldn't want to do anything that would make Tom angry.
I wouldn't want to do anything that would make Tom mad.
I wouldn't want to do anything that's illegal.
I wouldn't want to do something like that.
I wouldn't want to do that again.
I wouldn't want to do that by myself.
I wouldn't want to do that for a living.
I wouldn't want to do that here.
I wouldn't want to do that if it's illegal.
I wouldn't want to do that unless you did it with me.
I wouldn't want to do that with Tom.
I wouldn't want to do that without some help.
I wouldn't want to do that.
I wouldn't want to find myself in such a situation.
I wouldn't want to get caught up in a situation like that.
I wouldn't want to get in Tom's way.
I wouldn't want to get thrown into a situation like that.
I wouldn't want to go there by myself.
I wouldn't want to go there if I were you.
I wouldn't want to go there with anybody except Tom.
I wouldn't want to go to Australia with Tom.
I wouldn't want to go to Boston with Tom.
I wouldn't want to have a javelin thrown at me.
I wouldn't want to have someone else break down our love relationship in a matter of seconds.
I wouldn't want to have someone else steal our relationship away.
I wouldn't want to have to do something like that.
I wouldn't want to have to do that.
I wouldn't want to hurt Tom.
I wouldn't want to intrude.
I wouldn't want to keep Tom waiting.
I wouldn't want to kiss Tom.
I wouldn't want to live forever.
I wouldn't want to live here.
I wouldn't want to live in Australia.
I wouldn't want to live in Boston.
I wouldn't want to live in a flat on the top floor.
I wouldn't want to live in a top-floor flat.
I wouldn't want to live in a world without love.
I wouldn't want to live like that.
I wouldn't want to live near an airport.
I wouldn't want to live there.
I wouldn't want to live with Tom.
I wouldn't want to live with you.
I wouldn't want to lose my job.
I wouldn't want to lose you as a customer.
I wouldn't want to make you feel uncomfortable in your own skin.
I wouldn't want to marry someone who's lazy.
I wouldn't want to meet Tom now.
I wouldn't want to mess with Tom.
I wouldn't want to miss Tom's concert.
I wouldn't want to miss a thing.
I wouldn't want to miss the deadline.
I wouldn't want to miss the party.
I wouldn't want to miss this.
I wouldn't want to miss your concert.
I wouldn't want to put a single foot into this place, it looks so uninviting.
I wouldn't want to risk my life doing that.
I wouldn't want to run into Tom now.
I wouldn't want to run into him in a dark alley.
I wouldn't want to say that.
I wouldn't want to see Tom get hurt.
I wouldn't want to see Tom naked.
I wouldn't want to see you get hurt.
I wouldn't want to show you up.
I wouldn't want to speculate.
I wouldn't want to spend my vacation doing that.
I wouldn't want to spend my vacation here.
I wouldn't want to spoil the surprise.
I wouldn't want to sully your good name.
I wouldn't want to take that risk.
I wouldn't want to take the chance.
I wouldn't want to tell him the truth.
I wouldn't want to try doing that without some help.
I wouldn't want to use that tub.
I wouldn't want to work for Tom again.
I wouldn't want to work for you.
I wouldn't want to work here.
I wouldn't want to work in a hospital.
I wouldn't want to work with Tom.
I wouldn't want to work with you.
I wouldn't want you even if you were the only woman on earth.
I wouldn't want you to be late for class.
I wouldn't want you to be late.
I wouldn't want you to get fired.
I wouldn't want you to get hurt.
I wouldn't want you to get the wrong impression about me.
I wouldn't want you to leave too soon.
I wouldn't want you to think I was crazy.
I wouldn't want you to think I was mean.
I wouldn't want you to think I was stupid.
I wouldn't want you to think I wasn't happy to see you.
I wouldn't want your mother to think I'm having an affair.
I wouldn't waste any more time trying to fix that.
I wouldn't wear that ugly coat even if I were very cold.
I wouldn't wear that.
I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy.
I wouldn't wish that on anybody.
I wouldn't wish that on anyone.
I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy.
I wouldn't wish this on anybody.
I wouldn't work for Tom again, no matter how much he paid me.
I wouldn't work for Tom again.
I wouldn't work for Tom again. Not at any price.
I wouldn't work in Australia even if you paid me double.
I wouldn't work in Boston even if you paid me double.
I wouldn't worry about Tom.
I wouldn't worry about her.
I wouldn't worry about him.
I wouldn't worry about it if I were you.
I wouldn't worry about it too much.
I wouldn't worry about it.
I wouldn't worry about that too much.
I wouldn't worry about that.
I wouldn't worry about them.
I wouldn't worry about this.
I wouldn't worry about unpacking. You probably won't be here long.
I wouldn't worry about unpacking. You probably won't be here very long.
I wouldn't worry about what Tom might do.
I wouldn't worry so much about that.
I wouldn't worry too much about it.
I wouldn't turn down an offer like that.
I wouldn't turn down such a good offer.
I wouldn’t ask this of you if it weren’t important.
I wouldn’t be so sure about that.
I wouldn’t be surprised if lots of Tatoeba members were Scrabble addicts as well.
I wouldn’t be too surprised if Tom didn’t get a good TOEFL score.
I wouldn’t be too surprised if Tom didn’t show up on time.
I wouldn’t be too surprised if this song became a hit.
I wouldn’t be too surprised if you saw a snake.
I wouldn’t bet on that horse if I were you.
I wouldn’t come yesterday.
I wouldn’t do it for the world.
I wouldn’t do it if I were you.
I wouldn’t do that if I were you.
I wouldn’t dream of going on a picnic on such a rainy day.
I wouldn’t dream of letting you do that.
I wouldn’t even accept kielbasa from a bastard like that.
I wouldn’t even accept sausage from a bastard like that.
I wouldn’t ever want to cross him.
I wouldn’t feel comfortable wearing something old-fashioned.
I wouldn’t go so far as to say your theory is completely wrong.
I wouldn’t go there for all the tea in China!
I wouldn’t go there if I were you.
I wouldn’t go to that restaurant if I were you. The one next door is much better.
I wouldn’t go with you for anything.
I wouldn’t have done that if I were you.
I wouldn’t have done that in your place.
I wouldn’t have him on the other side in a negotiation.
I wouldn’t have the cheek to say such a thing.
I wouldn’t have thought I would someday look up "Viagra" in Wikipedia.
I wouldn’t have worried about that.
I wouldn’t let a goof-up like that get to you. People have short memories and the one good thing about gossip is that it’s short-lived.
I wouldn’t like being a judge.
I wouldn’t like to be in Tom’s shoes.
I wouldn’t like to be in her shoes.
I wouldn’t like to be in his position, for all his wealth.
I wouldn’t like to cash in on other people’s misfortunes.
I wouldn’t like to live there.
I wouldn’t lower myself to borrow money.
I wouldn’t mind a cup of coffee.
I wouldn’t mind a drink.
I wouldn’t miss it for the world!
I wouldn’t object if you wanted to go with her.
I wouldn’t profess myself to be an avid follower of the Ellen show, though I do watch it on occasion when I’m in the US.
I wouldn’t push him too far. You don’t know what he might do. I’d say you can’t be too careful. They say even a doomed mouse will bite a cat if he has no choice.
I wouldn’t rule out the possibility of moving to another country if I get a good job offer.
I wouldn’t sell that at any price.
I wouldn’t spend my life here.
I wouldn’t take his job for the world.
I wouldn’t touch that stock with a ten-foot pole.
I wouldn’t want to be a judge.
I wouldn’t wish that on my worst enemy.
I wound back the cassette.
I wound up in the hospital.
I wounded myself in the foot.
I wounded their foot.
I wrap you in a warm and soft embrace.
I wrapped a towel around me.
I wrapped a towel around myself.
I wrapped my arms around his neck.
I wrapped my arms around his waist.
I wrapped myself in a blanket.
I wrapped myself in a towel.
I wrapped myself in the warm blankets on the bed.
I wrapped scallops in bacon.
I wrapped the plate of leftovers in plastic wrap.
I wrapped up a burrito for lunch.
I wrenched open the door.
I wrenched open the passenger doors and jumped into her car.
I wrested the sword from his hands.
I wrestle.
I write Berber every day.
I write Berber in its Kabyle vernacular form.
I write Chinese characters very slowly.
I write Chinese.
I write French every day.
I write a letter for John.
I write a letter to a friend overseas every month.
I write a letter.
I write a lot about myself these days.
I write about myself.
I write all the lyrics.
I write almost every day.
I write and then I read.
I write articles regularly.
I write books.
I write daily in my diary.
I write down everything I spend in this notebook.
I write every chance I get.
I write every chance that I get.
I write every evening.
I write everything down; I feel uneasy without my notebook.
I write everything in Berber.
I write exclusively in my mother tongue.
I write fantasy.
I write for a newspaper.
I write for people not for myself.
I write for the local newspaper.
I write gibberish.
I write in Berber on social media.
I write in Tatar.
I write in correct Italian.
I write in my diary every day.
I write in the morning and at night.
I write just to pass the time.
I write kanji.
I write letters almost every day.
I write letters that I never send.
I write letters to my friends.
I write letters which I never send.
I write letters.
I write lyrics from time to time.
I write much better now than I used to.
I write my diary in French.
I write my notes in Berber.
I write nonsense.
I write on my blog every Thursday.
I write poems in my free time.
I write poems in my spare time.
I write poems, but they're really bad.
I write poems.
I write poetry in Berber.
I write poetry in my free time.
I write poetry in my leisure time.
I write poetry out of love, not out of duty.
I write poetry.
I write reviews not only of films, but also of cartoons.
I write reviews not only of ordinary films, but also of cartoons.
I write reviews not only of regular films, but also of cartoons.
I write sentences in several languages in Tatoeba because I trust the teachers who are here willing to correct my mistakes.
I write sentences on Tatoeba once in a blue moon.
I write short sentences in Swedish.
I write so people understand me.
I write songs.
I write stories every day.
I write stories.
I write things in pencil.
I write this letter to my wife.
I write to Erwan Le Bourdonnec.
I write to Tom at least twice a week.
I write to Tom once a month.
I write to Tom two or three times a week.
I write to express my discontent.
I write to her once a month.
I write to my mother once a month.
I write to the young man.
I write using the Amazigh keyboard.
I write what I want.
I write what bothers me.
I write when I can.
I write with my left hand because it's more convenient for me.
I write with my left hand.
I write with the Amazigh keyboard to advance our language.
I write with the red pen.
I write, therefore I am.
I write.
I wronged him.
I wrote Mary a letter.
I wrote Mary to say I was sorry.
I wrote Tom a PM.
I wrote Tom a card.
I wrote Tom a check.
I wrote Tom a friendly reply.
I wrote Tom a letter and asked him to come visit us this summer.
I wrote Tom a letter in French.
I wrote Tom a letter.
I wrote Tom a long letter last night.
I wrote Tom a long letter.
I wrote Tom a note.
I wrote Tom a postcard.
I wrote Tom a song.
I wrote Tom a three-page letter.
I wrote Tom back to let him know that I'd be there.
I wrote Tom back.
I wrote Tom three letters last month.
I wrote Tom to ask him why he wasn't at yesterday's meeting.
I wrote Tom's address in my notebook.
I wrote a beautiful story.
I wrote a book about Algiers.
I wrote a book about Australia.
I wrote a book about China.
I wrote a book about it.
I wrote a book about this exact topic.
I wrote a book about this.
I wrote a book on it.
I wrote a book three years ago.
I wrote a book two years ago.
I wrote a book, but it wasn't very good.
I wrote a book.
I wrote a bunch of sentences last night.
I wrote a composition about the monuments in the forum.
I wrote a cookbook.
I wrote a couple of songs last night.
I wrote a couple of songs last week.
I wrote a few children's books... not on purpose.
I wrote a friend of mine a letter yesterday.
I wrote a letter asking him to return a bit earlier.
I wrote a letter in English language.
I wrote a letter in English.
I wrote a letter in French.
I wrote a letter last night.
I wrote a letter to Anna, but it came back.
I wrote a letter to Anna, but it was returned to me.
I wrote a letter to Jim.
I wrote a letter to Mary.
I wrote a letter to Mireille.
I wrote a letter to Tom.
I wrote a letter to her last month, but I haven't received a reply yet.
I wrote a letter to her.
I wrote a letter to him.
I wrote a letter to my friend.
I wrote a letter to my mother last night.
I wrote a letter to my mother.
I wrote a letter to my parents at home.
I wrote a letter to my parents back home.
I wrote a letter to my parents.
I wrote a letter to my teacher in French.
I wrote a letter to my teacher.
I wrote a letter to them.
I wrote a letter yesterday.
I wrote a letter.
I wrote a letter. - Did you write it completely? - Yes.
I wrote a long email to Tom.
I wrote a long letter to Tom last night.
I wrote a long letter to Tom.
I wrote a long letter to her.
I wrote a long letter to him.
I wrote a lot in my diary yesterday.
I wrote a lot of sentences.
I wrote a love letter last night.
I wrote a memo.
I wrote a message on the piece of paper and put it in the bottle.
I wrote a new book.
I wrote a novel exactly as I wanted to write it.
I wrote a novel.
I wrote a poem about animals.
I wrote a poem in French.
I wrote a poem in memory of my dad.
I wrote a post to my blog encouraging men to report experiences with domestic abuse.
I wrote a postcard to Tom.
I wrote a program in C.
I wrote a reply, but I forgot to press send.
I wrote a romance novel.
I wrote a sentence in Portuguese that I thought was interesting, and I wanted to translate it into other languages. But sadly, my knowledge of foreign languages is too limited.
I wrote a short story and won the competition prize.
I wrote a song about Tatoeba.
I wrote a song about it.
I wrote a song about what happened here last year.
I wrote a song about you.
I wrote a song for Tom.
I wrote a song for her.
I wrote a song for you.
I wrote a song in Berber.
I wrote a song in Berber. Do you want to hear it?
I wrote a song poem.
I wrote a text about it.
I wrote a thousand sentences!
I wrote a ton of sentences last night.
I wrote a very wordy email to some local officials asking for better bicycle infrastructure.
I wrote a wrong address on the envelope.
I wrote about Tom last month.
I wrote about the incident between that boy and the teacher.
I wrote all those books.
I wrote an arrangement of this piece for a symphony orchestra.
I wrote an article about neoliberal policies.
I wrote an article about neoliberal politics.
I wrote an e-mail in Spanish with help from translations in Tatoeba.
I wrote an email to my friend and he praised me for my writing skills.
I wrote an essay today.
I wrote an essay.
I wrote another poem this morning.
I wrote back to Tom.
I wrote back to her.
I wrote back to him.
I wrote back to them.
I wrote comments.
I wrote different versions of the test to prevent students from cheating.
I wrote down Tom's phone number.
I wrote down every phrase in his speech that he stressed.
I wrote down everything I needed to buy on a scrap of paper.
I wrote down everything Tom said.
I wrote down everything that I needed to buy on a scrap of paper.
I wrote down her address so as not to forget it.
I wrote down her address so that I wouldn't forget it.
I wrote down her address so that I wouldn’t forget it.
I wrote down her name so as not to forget it.
I wrote down her phone number.
I wrote down his address on a piece of paper.
I wrote down his name so I wouldn't forget it.
I wrote down his name so I wouldn’t forget it.
I wrote down his name so that I wouldn't forget it.
I wrote down his phone number lest I should forget it.
I wrote down his phone number on a scrap of paper.
I wrote down his phone number so I wouldn't forget it.
I wrote down his phone number so I wouldn’t forget it.
I wrote down his phone number.
I wrote down his telephone number so that I might remember it.
I wrote down that telephone number.
I wrote down the address for you.
I wrote down the information.
I wrote down their names and numbers.
I wrote down what Tom said.
I wrote down where I was working.
I wrote everything down because I can't remember anything.
I wrote five letters before I went to bed.
I wrote five letters to her.
I wrote her a letter every day.
I wrote her a letter.
I wrote her a long letter.
I wrote her a love letter.
I wrote her a message.
I wrote her a note that I'll be out.
I wrote her a song in Berber.
I wrote her a song.
I wrote her love letters in Berber.
I wrote her name down so I wouldn't forget it.
I wrote her to ask why.
I wrote him a friendly reply.
I wrote him a letter and asked him to return home soon.
I wrote him a letter asking him to come home soon.
I wrote him a letter yesterday morning.
I wrote him a letter.
I wrote him a long letter, but he sent me no reply.
I wrote him to ask why.
I wrote his name down for fear I should forget it.
I wrote it all down.
I wrote it alone.
I wrote it down in my notebook.
I wrote it down on a napkin.
I wrote it down somewhere.
I wrote it down.
I wrote it for Tom.
I wrote it for her.
I wrote it for him.
I wrote it for them.
I wrote it myself.
I wrote it.
I wrote last week to Mr. Wood and I asked him to give you a job on the farm.
I wrote many phrases in Esperanto.
I wrote many sentences in Esperanto.
I wrote many sentences.
I wrote more today than yesterday.
I wrote my dissertation about that.
I wrote my dissertation about this.
I wrote my first sentence in German.
I wrote my mother a letter.
I wrote my name in the sand.
I wrote my name in the snow.
I wrote my name on a piece of paper.
I wrote my name on the cover of all my notebooks.
I wrote my name on the paper.
I wrote my songs myself.
I wrote my teacher a love letter and he read it in front of the whole class.
I wrote my thesis about it.
I wrote my thesis about that.
I wrote my thesis about this.
I wrote my thesis on amphipathic molecules at the university.
I wrote off for an application form.
I wrote on the sand at the beach.
I wrote one.
I wrote quite a few sentences.
I wrote sentence no. 777777 on Tatoeba.
I wrote some letters last night.
I wrote some poems last weekend.
I wrote some postcards to my friends.
I wrote some postcards.
I wrote that book.
I wrote that down wrong.
I wrote that down.
I wrote that for Tom.
I wrote that for her.
I wrote that for him.
I wrote that for them.
I wrote that last Monday evening.
I wrote that letter three times.
I wrote that letter three weeks ago.
I wrote that letter.
I wrote that myself.
I wrote that.
I wrote the address on the back of the envelope.
I wrote the address on the envelope incorrectly.
I wrote the algorithm in Pascal.
I wrote the answers carefully.
I wrote the article in Berber.
I wrote the book.
I wrote the comments in Berber.
I wrote the composition in haste, so it must be full of mistakes.
I wrote the four millionth sentence in Tatoeba.
I wrote the note.
I wrote the phone number on the writing pad.
I wrote the recipes on a note.
I wrote the report.
I wrote the same things.
I wrote the song for her.
I wrote the user manual for this software.
I wrote the wrong address on the envelope.
I wrote them a letter.
I wrote them about my issue but they haven't answered me yet.
I wrote these songs myself.
I wrote this book after I had suffered from a great loss.
I wrote this book.
I wrote this late at night, and my mind wasn't very clear.
I wrote this letter in French.
I wrote this letter.
I wrote this poem during class.
I wrote this poem for Eva.
I wrote this poem for Tom.
I wrote this poem for my mum.
I wrote this poem for you, Tom.
I wrote this report.
I wrote this song for Mayas.
I wrote this song for Tom.
I wrote this song for you.
I wrote this song just for you guys.
I wrote this song just for you.
I wrote this three months ago.
I wrote this yesterday when I was half sleep, so it's full of spelling mistakes.
I wrote three chapters in two hours.
I wrote three letters last night.
I wrote three letters yesterday.
I wrote three songs last week.
I wrote to Mary to say I was sorry.
I wrote to Mr Wood last week and asked him to give you a job on the farm.
I wrote to Mr. Wood last week and asked him to give you a job on the farm.
I wrote to Tom a while ago, but he hasn't replied yet.
I wrote to Tom about this.
I wrote to Tom from Australia.
I wrote to Tom in prison.
I wrote to Tom last month.
I wrote to Tom to say I was sorry.
I wrote to Tom yesterday.
I wrote to Tom, and my sister also wrote to him.
I wrote to Tom.
I wrote to all my friends, some of whom didn't answer.
I wrote to ask Tom to come.
I wrote to everybody inquiring after their health in the hot season.
I wrote to her last month.
I wrote to her.
I wrote to him and asked him why.
I wrote to him for quite another reason.
I wrote to him that he needs to come immediately.
I wrote to him to come immediately.
I wrote to him to come straight away.
I wrote to him, and my sister also wrote to him.
I wrote to him.
I wrote to inform him of my decision.
I wrote to my French teacher in English.
I wrote to my French teacher in French.
I wrote to my teacher in English.
I wrote to my teacher in French.
I wrote to my uncle, who wrote back to me soon.
I wrote to them.
I wrote to you a fortnight ago. Could you get round to replying, please?
I wrote to you from Iraq.
I wrote to you.
I wrote where I was working.
I wrote you a letter.
I wrote you a sonnet.
I wrote you ten letters.
I wrote you three letters.
I wrote.
I wrung out my clothes.
I xeroxed the document.
I yawn a lot.
I yawn because I'm tired.
I yawn.
I yawned.
I yearn for moments spent just with you.
I yearn for the days when we communicated effortlessly.
I yearn for the reassurance and warmth that only the presence of another person can provide.
I yearn for the sensation of your touch, as we explore the depths of pleasure together.
I yearn for the university.
I yearn for victory.
I yearn for your voice.
I yearn to see you again.
I yearn to unravel your secrets.
I yearned for the glades of the New Forest or the shingle of Southsea.
I yearned to eat a real pretzel.
I yelled and scared the stray dogs away from the cat.
I yelled at Tom in French.
I yelled at Tom to be careful.
I yelled at Tom to be more careful.
I yelled at Tom.
I yelled at her.
I yelled at him by mistake and I felt really bad.
I yelled at him to speak Berber.
I yelled at him.
I yelled at my computer.
I yelled at the kids for smoking.
I yelled at them.
I yelled for help.
I yelled out the window at Mary.
I yelled.
I yet lingered half-an-hour longer, hoping to see some sign of amity: but she gave none.
I yield to no one in abhorrence of violence.
I'd accept that offer.
I'd accept.
I'd advise against doing that.
I'd advise against it.
I'd advise against that.
I'd advise caution.
I'd advise doing that.
I'd advise not staying at that hotel.
I'd advise starting at once.
I'd advise staying away from Tom today.
I'd advise studying French.
I'd advise waiting until at least Monday.
I'd advise you against doing that.
I'd advise you not to buy that house.
I'd advise you not to buy that.
I'd advise you not to eat it.
I'd advise you not to eat that.
I'd advise you not to say anything.
I'd advise you not to start anything that you can't finish.
I'd advise you not to start anything you can't finish.
I'd advise you to accept the offer.
I'd advise you to buy your ticket now.
I'd advise you to change clothes.
I'd advise you to cooperate.
I'd advise you to do that as soon as you can.
I'd advise you to do that right away.
I'd advise you to do the same.
I'd advise you to get out of here while you still can.
I'd advise you to get out of here.
I'd advise you to go.
I'd advise you to lay low.
I'd advise you to leave.
I'd advise you to let Tom go.
I'd advise you to let her go.
I'd advise you to let him go.
I'd advise you to let me go.
I'd advise you to let them go.
I'd advise you to let us go.
I'd advise you to listen to Tom's advice.
I'd advise you to lock your doors.
I'd advise you to mind your own business.
I'd advise you to not drink that water.
I'd advise you to not eat any of the mushrooms that Tom gathered.
I'd advise you to not eat that.
I'd advise you to reconsider.
I'd advise you to stay away from Tom today.
I'd advise you to stay indoors today.
I'd advise you to stay.
I'd advise you to stick to your principles rather than give in so quickly to her demands.
I'd advise you to stop doing that.
I'd advise you to wait.
I'd advise you to wear a suit.
I'd agree with that.
I'd agree with you, but then we'd both be wrong.
I'd agree.
I'd almost fallen asleep.
I'd almost forgotten about that.
I'd almost forgotten all about what happened.
I'd almost forgotten.
I'd already bought my ticket by the time Tom arrived.
I'd already bought my ticket by the time Tom got to the station.
I'd already coped with Mum's death.
I'd already eaten lunch by the time Tom got here.
I'd already gone to bed when the telephone rang.
I'd already heard about her engagement.
I'd already noticed that.
I'd already planned on doing that for you.
I'd already planned to do that for you.
I'd already pressed the red button but nothing happened.
I'd already seen that movie.
I'd already sent you the letter when you called.
I'd already spotted you from afar.
I'd already thought of that.
I'd already told you.
I'd already tried quite a few methods that had proved totally ineffective.
I'd also contribute to Tatoeba if I knew how to read and write.
I'd also like the same, please.
I'd also like to go to Boston.
I'd also like to go.
I'd also like to have a try.
I'd also like to hire a car.
I'd also like to know what Tom and Mary think of this.
I'd also like to know what Tom thinks of this.
I'd also like to know what Tom's opinion is.
I'd also like to know what your opinion is.
I'd also like to know your opinion.
I'd also taken that into consideration.
I'd always believed I was invincible.
I'd always planned on going back.
I'd always prefer to fool myself into thinking that life isn't as hard as it seems to make my personal conscience feel lighter.
I'd always said it was a long shot.
I'd answer no to all three questions.
I'd appreciate a little privacy.
I'd appreciate an answer ASAP.
I'd appreciate an answer as soon as possible.
I'd appreciate an answer.
I'd appreciate an explanation.
I'd appreciate an invitation.
I'd appreciate any help you can give me.
I'd appreciate hearing your opinion.
I'd appreciate hearing your thoughts on this dress.
I'd appreciate insights for personal growth.
I'd appreciate it if someone translated my comment.
I'd appreciate it if someone translated my sentences.
I'd appreciate it if you could come early and help me get ready for the party.
I'd appreciate it if you could come.
I'd appreciate it if you could do that for me.
I'd appreciate it if you could do that.
I'd appreciate it if you could get here a little early.
I'd appreciate it if you could give me some advice.
I'd appreciate it if you could help Tom and I move some furniture.
I'd appreciate it if you could help me.
I'd appreciate it if you could pay in cash.
I'd appreciate it if you did that for me.
I'd appreciate it if you did this for me.
I'd appreciate it if you didn't mention this to anyone.
I'd appreciate it if you didn’t insult me.
I'd appreciate it if you don't do that again.
I'd appreciate it if you sent me your latest catalog.
I'd appreciate it if you stopped provoking political discussions in a language learning forum.
I'd appreciate it if you stopped teasing me.
I'd appreciate it if you took your shoes off outside.
I'd appreciate it if you two could get along.
I'd appreciate it if you would be quiet.
I'd appreciate it if you would help me this evening.
I'd appreciate it if you would open a window.
I'd appreciate it if you would turn off the lights.
I'd appreciate it if you would turn out the lights.
I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't do that anymore.
I'd appreciate it if you'd come with me.
I'd appreciate it if you'd do that for me.
I'd appreciate it if you'd help me convince Tom to help us.
I'd appreciate it if you'd help me do this.
I'd appreciate it if you'd help me.
I'd appreciate it if you'd leave.
I'd appreciate it if you'd turn off the lights.
I'd appreciate it if you'd wait a little bit longer.
I'd appreciate it if you'd wait a little while longer.
I'd appreciate it very much if you did that for me.
I'd appreciate it.
I'd appreciate some advice.
I'd appreciate some help now.
I'd appreciate some help.
I'd appreciate that.
I'd appreciate you giving me a hand with this.
I'd appreciate you waiting a little longer, if you don't mind.
I'd appreciate your advice.
I'd appreciate your help.
I'd appreciate your opinion.
I'd appreciate your support in this matter.
I'd approve both things.
I'd approve.
I'd ask Tom if I were you.
I'd ask Tom to do it.
I'd ask Tom to do that.
I'd ask Tom to do this.
I'd ask Tom to help if I were you.
I'd ask Tom to wait if I were you.
I'd ask Tom.
I'd ask her.
I'd ask him.
I'd ask them.
I'd assumed Tom went back inside.
I'd avoid Tom if I were you.
I'd avoid doing that at all costs.
I'd barely taken my coat off when Tom told me it was time to leave.
I'd be OK with that.
I'd be a fool not to do that.
I'd be a fool to do that.
I'd be a good teacher, I think.
I'd be a great football player if I were bigger, faster, stronger, more athletic, and better at football.
I'd be a great mathematician if I were better at math.
I'd be a really good coach, I think.
I'd be a terrible father.
I'd be a terrible mother.
I'd be able to do it if you helped me.
I'd be able to do that if Tom helped me.
I'd be able to do that.
I'd be afraid if I were you.
I'd be afraid something might happen.
I'd be afraid to do that by myself.
I'd be afraid to do that.
I'd be almost there by now if I'd left right after breakfast.
I'd be angry, too.
I'd be arrested if I did that.
I'd be ashamed of myself if I did such a thing.
I'd be capable of killing for love.
I'd be careful if I were you.
I'd be careful with that if I were you.
I'd be careful.
I'd be chuffed if you translated some of my sentences with no translation at all.
I'd be chuffed if you translated some of my sentences.
I'd be content if you paid me with cash.
I'd be crazy to do that.
I'd be crazy to expect such a thing.
I'd be curious to know what Tom and Mary have to say.
I'd be curious to know what Tom has to say.
I'd be curious to know what both Tom and Mary have to say.
I'd be curious to know where Tom went.
I'd be dead by now if it wasn't for him.
I'd be delighted if that happened again.
I'd be delighted if they asked me to give a speech.
I'd be delighted if you could come with us.
I'd be delighted if you could join us for dinner.
I'd be delighted if you'd come with me.
I'd be delighted to come.
I'd be delighted to join you.
I'd be delighted to sing for you.
I'd be delighted.
I'd be depressed if that happened again.
I'd be depressed if they asked me to quit the team.
I'd be devastated.
I'd be disappointed if I couldn't come.
I'd be disappointed if I saw you do that.
I'd be disappointed if I saw you doing that.
I'd be disappointed if Tom and Mary don't come to our party.
I'd be disappointed if Tom and Mary don't come with us.
I'd be disappointed if Tom did that.
I'd be disappointed if Tom didn't do that.
I'd be disappointed if Tom didn't win.
I'd be disappointed if Tom doesn't come to our party.
I'd be disappointed if Tom doesn't come with us.
I'd be disappointed if that happened.
I'd be disappointed if that happens.
I'd be disappointed if you did that.
I'd be disappointed if you didn't come to my party.
I'd be disappointed if you didn't do that.
I'd be disappointed if you were to disobey these orders.
I'd be embarrassed to do that here.
I'd be expelled from the country.
I'd be fired if I did that.
I'd be fired if I kissed Tom during working hours.
I'd be foolish not to do that.
I'd be forever grateful if you could help me fix this thing.
I'd be glad to buy that for you.
I'd be glad to do it tomorrow.
I'd be glad to do that for you tomorrow.
I'd be glad to do that for you.
I'd be glad to do that.
I'd be glad to go in your place.
I'd be glad to go to Australia with you.
I'd be glad to go to Boston with you.
I'd be glad to help you, but I'm very busy.
I'd be glad to help.
I'd be glad to sing the song you wrote.
I'd be glad to teach you Berber.
I'd be glad to teach you French.
I'd be glad to tell Tom everything I know about that.
I'd be glad to tell Tom how to do that.
I'd be glad to.
I'd be grateful for any help you could give me.
I'd be grateful for any help you could offer.
I'd be grateful if you could help me move these boxes.
I'd be grateful if you could help me.
I'd be grateful if you could take a look when you've got time sometime.
I'd be grateful if you did that for me.
I'd be grateful if you did that for us.
I'd be grateful if you did that.
I'd be grateful if you didn't do that again.
I'd be grateful if you didn't do that anymore.
I'd be grateful if you didn't do that.
I'd be grateful if you'd buy some bread on the way back.
I'd be grateful if you'd do that for me.
I'd be grateful to you if you can do that for me.
I'd be grateful to you if you could teach me how to drive.
I'd be grateful to you if you could teach me to do that.
I'd be grateful to you if you could teach me to drive.
I'd be grateful to you if you did that for me.
I'd be grateful.
I'd be happy here, I think.
I'd be happy if I was healthy.
I'd be happy if I were healthier.
I'd be happy if Tom didn't come. That'd suit me down to the ground.
I'd be happy if that happened again.
I'd be happy if that happened.
I'd be happy if you came.
I'd be happy if you could come with us.
I'd be happy if you could do that for me.
I'd be happy if you'd call me Tom.
I'd be happy if you'd come.
I'd be happy if you'd help me.
I'd be happy if you'd let me do that.
I'd be happy to add your name to the list.
I'd be happy to answer any questions.
I'd be happy to answer your questions.
I'd be happy to assist.
I'd be happy to attend your party.
I'd be happy to buy that for you.
I'd be happy to come in.
I'd be happy to cooperate.
I'd be happy to discuss it.
I'd be happy to discuss that with you.
I'd be happy to do it.
I'd be happy to do that for Tom.
I'd be happy to do that for you.
I'd be happy to do that with you.
I'd be happy to do that.
I'd be happy to do whatever I can.
I'd be happy to get it for you.
I'd be happy to give it a try.
I'd be happy to give you a ride.
I'd be happy to go there with you.
I'd be happy to go with you this evening.
I'd be happy to go with you.
I'd be happy to go.
I'd be happy to have you along.
I'd be happy to help you if I can.
I'd be happy to help you if you're having trouble.
I'd be happy to help you wash the dishes.
I'd be happy to help you with your homework.
I'd be happy to help you.
I'd be happy to help.
I'd be happy to join you.
I'd be happy to keep it.
I'd be happy to lend you a hand.
I'd be happy to see that happen.
I'd be happy to show it to you.
I'd be happy to show you around.
I'd be happy to show you how to do that.
I'd be happy to show you.
I'd be happy to sing for you.
I'd be happy to stay.
I'd be happy to take care of your baby.
I'd be happy to talk about this later.
I'd be happy to teach you French.
I'd be happy to teach you German free of charge.
I'd be happy to tell Tom.
I'd be happy to tell her.
I'd be happy to tell him.
I'd be happy to tell them.
I'd be happy to tell you.
I'd be happy to translate all that, but I don't know Dutch.
I'd be happy to volunteer.
I'd be happy to work with you.
I'd be happy, if Tom succeeded.
I'd be hesitant to agree to do that.
I'd be hesitant to do that.
I'd be honored to be able to tell you I love you every day of my life.
I'd be honored.
I'd be honoured.
I'd be impressed if Tom did that.
I'd be impressed if you could do that.
I'd be impressed if you did that.
I'd be in Australia right now if I could be.
I'd be in Boston now if I could be.
I'd be in Boston right now if I could be.
I'd be in favor of that.
I'd be interested in an international career.
I'd be interested in buying one of those.
I'd be interested in doing that.
I'd be interested in learning how to do that.
I'd be interested in reading a book about the history of laughter.
I'd be interested in seeing how Tom handles that.
I'd be interested in seeing the house you used to live in.
I'd be interested in that, too.
I'd be interested in that.
I'd be interested in trying to do that.
I'd be interested in volunteering.
I'd be interested to know how you'd say that in German.
I'd be interested to know what Tom and Mary think.
I'd be interested to know what Tom thinks.
I'd be interested to know what Tom's and Mary's opinions are.
I'd be interested to know what Tom's opinion is.
I'd be interested, too.
I'd be lonely without you.
I'd be lost without it.
I'd be lost without you.
I'd be lying if I said I didn't like Tom.
I'd be lying if I said I didn't like you.
I'd be lying if I said I didn't love you.
I'd be lying if I said I had never smoked before.
I'd be lying if I said I haven't thought about doing that.
I'd be lying if I said I love you.
I'd be lying if I said I loved him.
I'd be lying if I said I was sorry.
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't worried.
I'd be lying if I said no.
I'd be lying to say I was surprised it happened.
I'd be more careful if I were you.
I'd be more interested in going to the zoo than to an art museum.
I'd be more scared of the woman in the bath!
I'd be more than glad to do that for you.
I'd be more than glad to help.
I'd be more than happy to do it.
I'd be more than happy to drive you home.
I'd be more than happy to help you clean out your garage.
I'd be more than happy to help.
I'd be most happy to assist you.
I'd be much obliged if you could give me a lift into town.
I'd be nervous doing that.
I'd be nervous, too.
I'd be only too glad to help you.
I'd be only too happy to help with getting the kids to school.
I'd be only too pleased to help you!
I'd be opposed to doing that.
I'd be paid on Friday, and by Saturday I'd have spent it all.
I'd be perfect for that job.
I'd be permitted to do that if I wanted to.
I'd be pleased to do that.
I'd be pretty leery of walking along the docks at night.
I'd be proud to join your crew.
I'd be quiet if I were you.
I'd be really grateful.
I'd be really happy if you could do that for me.
I'd be reluctant to do that for Tom.
I'd be reluctant to do that.
I'd be scared if I was you.
I'd be scared if I were you.
I'd be scared to do that.
I'd be self-conscious if I had to do that.
I'd be sorry if I were rude to you.
I'd be surprised by that.
I'd be surprised if Mary could do that.
I'd be surprised if Mary wanted to see her.
I'd be surprised if Tom agreed with Mary.
I'd be surprised if Tom and Mary don't do that.
I'd be surprised if Tom and Mary don't win.
I'd be surprised if Tom and Mary got married.
I'd be surprised if Tom asked Mary to help him.
I'd be surprised if Tom asked Mary to the dance.
I'd be surprised if Tom could do that by himself.
I'd be surprised if Tom could do that.
I'd be surprised if Tom could speak French.
I'd be surprised if Tom did that.
I'd be surprised if Tom didn't do that.
I'd be surprised if Tom didn't let you do that.
I'd be surprised if Tom doesn't do that.
I'd be surprised if Tom doesn't win.
I'd be surprised if Tom got here on time.
I'd be surprised if Tom knew French.
I'd be surprised if Tom let you do that.
I'd be surprised if Tom made it here on time.
I'd be surprised if Tom refused to do that.
I'd be surprised if Tom said he didn't want to do that.
I'd be surprised if Tom said yes.
I'd be surprised if Tom taught me English.
I'd be surprised if Tom taught me French.
I'd be surprised if Tom volunteered.
I'd be surprised if Tom won.
I'd be surprised if all this rain didn't cause flooding.
I'd be surprised if it were English.
I'd be surprised if that happened.
I'd be surprised if they asked me to give a speech.
I'd be surprised if you could do that.
I'd be surprised if you were able to do that.
I'd be surprised.
I'd be taking a loss at that price.
I'd be tempted to do that now.
I'd be tempted to do that.
I'd be terrible at doing that.
I'd be terribly disappointed if you didn't come to my party.
I'd be thankful if you gave me a second chance.
I'd be thankful if you'd do that for me.
I'd be thankful if you'd let me do that.
I'd be the happiest person in the world if I was next to you.
I'd be thrilled if I were invited.
I'd be thrilled to do that.
I'd be too scared to do that.
I'd be unhappy if that happened again.
I'd be unhappy if that happened.
I'd be unhappy, but I wouldn't kill myself.
I'd be up for that.
I'd be very careful if I were you.
I'd be very disappointed if I didn't get into college.
I'd be very disappointed if I saw you do that.
I'd be very disappointed if I saw you doing that.
I'd be very disappointed if Tom did that.
I'd be very disappointed if Tom didn't do that.
I'd be very disappointed if that happened.
I'd be very disappointed if you did that.
I'd be very disappointed if you didn't come to my party.
I'd be very disappointed if you didn't do that.
I'd be very glad if Tom did that.
I'd be very glad if you came.
I'd be very glad if you could come.
I'd be very glad if you'd come.
I'd be very grateful if you could do that.
I'd be very grateful if you could help me move this sofa.
I'd be very grateful if you could help me tomorrow.
I'd be very grateful if you could help me.
I'd be very grateful if you did that for me.
I'd be very grateful if you would do that for me.
I'd be very grateful if you'd help me do that.
I'd be very grateful if you'd help me.
I'd be very grateful.
I'd be very happy if you could do that.
I'd be very happy if you did that for me.
I'd be very happy if you did that.
I'd be very happy if you'd help me.
I'd be very happy to do that for you.
I'd be very happy to help you.
I'd be very interested in doing that.
I'd be very interested in knowing what Tom and Mary were talking about in the parking lot.
I'd be very pleased if that happened.
I'd be very proud of you if you did that.
I'd be very surprised if Tom and Mary aren't at the party tonight.
I'd be very surprised if Tom did that.
I'd be very surprised if Tom didn't come to help us.
I'd be very surprised if Tom didn't do that.
I'd be very surprised if Tom didn't let you do that.
I'd be very surprised if Tom isn't at the party tonight.
I'd be very surprised if Tom showed up.
I'd be very surprised if Tom won.
I'd be very surprised if that happened.
I'd be very thankful if I could make a reservation for a room that has good access to your company.
I'd be very thankful if you could do that.
I'd be very thankful if you did that for me.
I'd be very uncomfortable doing that.
I'd be very upset if that happened.
I'd be willing to bet Tom will be late.
I'd be willing to do almost anything Tom and Mary ask me to do.
I'd be willing to do almost anything Tom asks me to do.
I'd be willing to do almost anything for Tom.
I'd be willing to do anything for you.
I'd be willing to do anything to get that job.
I'd be willing to do that for Tom.
I'd be willing to do that for free.
I'd be willing to do that for you.
I'd be willing to do that.
I'd be willing to give it a try.
I'd be willing to help if you need help.
I'd be willing to help you do that.
I'd be willing to help you for a couple of hours.
I'd be willing to help.
I'd be willing to lend you money.
I'd be willing to lie for Tom.
I'd be willing to lie for you.
I'd be willing to pay you.
I'd be willing to pay.
I'd be willing to sell this to you.
I'd be willing to take that chance.
I'd be willing to take that risk.
I'd be willing to try it again.
I'd be willing to try something new.
I'd be willing to try that again.
I'd be with you now if I could be.
I'd be worried if I were you.
I'd become a shitty father.
I'd been a selfish bastard.
I'd been cheated out of my life savings!
I'd been drinking and couldn’t drive home.
I'd been glad to receive some advice.
I'd been incarcerated before.
I'd been on my own all week and was starving for conversation.
I'd been reading for an hour when the lights went out.
I'd been there before.
I'd been waiting for that day for a long time.
I'd been wanting to ask that for a long time.
I'd been warned not to do that.
I'd been working for hours and was beginning to get tired.
I'd been working for two hours when I suddenly felt sick.
I'd behave differently if I were you.
I'd best be writing other things.
I'd bet my life on it.
I'd bet the farm on it.
I'd better ask Mary and see what she thinks.
I'd better ask Tom and Mary and see what they think.
I'd better ask Tom and see what he thinks.
I'd better ask Tom.
I'd better ask her.
I'd better ask him.
I'd better ask them.
I'd better be getting home.
I'd better be going now.
I'd better be going.
I'd better be more careful what I say.
I'd better be on my bicycle.
I'd better be on my way.
I'd better call Tom again.
I'd better call Tom first.
I'd better call Tom.
I'd better call a taxi.
I'd better call her again.
I'd better call her first.
I'd better call him again.
I'd better call him first.
I'd better call them again.
I'd better call them first.
I'd better call you back.
I'd better clean up now.
I'd better come and see you.
I'd better come tomorrow.
I'd better do as Tom says.
I'd better do everything she says.
I'd better do it now so I can get it over with.
I'd better do it right now.
I'd better do something before the problem gets any worse.
I'd better do that right now.
I'd better do that today.
I'd better do that.
I'd better drive you home.
I'd better get Tom.
I'd better get back home.
I'd better get back inside.
I'd better get back to my desk.
I'd better get back to work now.
I'd better get back to work.
I'd better get busy.
I'd better get going before it starts raining.
I'd better get going.
I'd better get going. It's getting late.
I'd better get going. My father is really strict.
I'd better get going. My father is very strict.
I'd better get home.
I'd better get moving.
I'd better get my act together.
I'd better get out of here.
I'd better get some sleep.
I'd better get started.
I'd better get to bed soon.
I'd better get to work.
I'd better go and see Tom.
I'd better go away.
I'd better go before Tom gets here.
I'd better go check on Tom.
I'd better go check on her.
I'd better go check on him.
I'd better go check on them.
I'd better go find Tom.
I'd better go find her.
I'd better go find him.
I'd better go find them.
I'd better go get ready.
I'd better go home.
I'd better go look for Tom.
I'd better go look for her.
I'd better go look for him.
I'd better go look for them.
I'd better go myself.
I'd better go now.
I'd better go see what Tom and Mary have done.
I'd better go see what Tom found out.
I'd better go see what Tom has done.
I'd better go see who that is.
I'd better go study.
I'd better go take a nap.
I'd better go talk to Tom.
I'd better go talk to her.
I'd better go talk to him.
I'd better go talk to them.
I'd better go to Boston with you.
I'd better go to bed early.
I'd better go to bed now.
I'd better go to bed.
I'd better go to sleep. That's enough internet for today.
I'd better go with Tom.
I'd better go with her.
I'd better go with him.
I'd better go with them.
I'd better go with you.
I'd better go, too.
I'd better go.
I'd better have a look at it.
I'd better have a talk with Tom.
I'd better head off to work.
I'd better help Tom out.
I'd better hurry.
I'd better keep quiet.
I'd better leave Tom alone.
I'd better leave before Tom and Mary get here.
I'd better leave before Tom gets here.
I'd better leave early today.
I'd better leave early.
I'd better leave.
I'd better let you get to bed.
I'd better lie down for a bit.
I'd better not eat that.
I'd better not go.
I'd better not tell you about that now.
I'd better not tell you how the novel ends. It's so good that I don't want to spoil it for you.
I'd better not to say.
I'd better not use the argument "Duden recommends" - it could indeed be used against me.
I'd better report this to Tom.
I'd better report this to her.
I'd better report this to him.
I'd better report this to them.
I'd better rest first before I drive home.
I'd better return this.
I'd better rewrite this paper.
I'd better run.
I'd better say goodbye.
I'd better scoot.
I'd better see Tom.
I'd better see a doctor.
I'd better see him.
I'd better see what Tom is up to.
I'd better see what's going on.
I'd better see you about this tomorrow.
I'd better solve this problem quickly.
I'd better start getting used to solitude.
I'd better start looking for another job.
I'd better stay home.
I'd better stay out of that debate, as I don't want any trouble.
I'd better stay quiet.
I'd better stay silent.
I'd better stay with Tom for a while.
I'd better take a look at it.
I'd better take care of it.
I'd better take you back home.
I'd better take you home.
I'd better take you to the hospital.
I'd better talk to Tom.
I'd better talk to her.
I'd better talk to him.
I'd better talk to them.
I'd better tell Tom.
I'd better tell her.
I'd better tell him.
I'd better tell the others.
I'd better tell them.
I'd better tell you the truth.
I'd better think this over.
I'd better try saving the battery.
I'd better turn over.
I'd better turn the engine off.
I'd better wait until Tom and Mary get here.
I'd better wait until Tom gets here.
I'd better wake Tom up.
I'd better wake her up.
I'd better wake him up.
I'd better wake them up.
I'd better warn Tom.
I'd better warn her.
I'd better warn him.
I'd better warn the others.
I'd better warn them.
I'd better watch out then.
I'd better work on my dissertation.
I'd better write that down.
I'd bought it the week before.
I'd bring my own food if I were you.
I'd burn down the whole city for some sodomy right now.
I'd buy Tom a beer, but I think he's still too young to drink.
I'd buy a bonsai tree if I had the room for it.
I'd buy a car, but it's very expensive.
I'd buy a house if I had enough money.
I'd buy a house if I had the money.
I'd buy a larger TV if I had room for it.
I'd buy a new house if I had the money.
I'd buy again from this shop with pleasure.
I'd buy it If I wasn't skint.
I'd buy it If I weren't skint.
I'd buy it if I weren't broke.
I'd buy it.
I'd buy new tires for your car if I were you.
I'd buy one of those.
I'd buy that.
I'd buy you lunch if I had enough money.
I'd call Tom Monday evening if I were you.
I'd call Tom right back if I were you.
I'd call a doctor if I were you.
I'd call that a coincidence.
I'd call this a declaration of war.
I'd caught him red-handed.
I'd certainly buy one.
I'd certainly like to go and watch the match; it's just that I'm not sure if I have time.
I'd change everything.
I'd change nothing.
I'd change the tires already if I were you.
I'd change the tyres if I were you.
I'd change their places.
I'd change this if I could.
I'd choose Berber as he language of my children's education.
I'd come here again.
I'd come to Australia if I could.
I'd come to Boston if I could.
I'd come, but I can't.
I'd completely forgotten that Tom used to be a vegetarian.
I'd completely forgotten that.
I'd consider Tom dangerous.
I'd consider buying that if you'd sell it to me for a reasonable price.
I'd consider doing that if I were you.
I'd consider doing that.
I'd consider myself lucky if that happened.
I'd consider that a real favor.
I'd cut down those trees if I were you.
I'd cut down those trees.
I'd cut through the alley, but I'm a little nervous about walking through there in the dark.
I'd decided not to do that again.
I'd decided not to do that anymore.
I'd decided to throw that away.
I'd defeated the four sub-bosses and got through the damn long underground labyrinth.
I'd definitely ask Tom to help if I were you.
I'd definitely buy one of those if I were you.
I'd definitely consider doing that.
I'd definitely consider doing this again.
I'd definitely do that if I were you.
I'd definitely do that today if I were you.
I'd definitely go there tomorrow if I were you.
I'd definitely like to do that someday.
I'd definitely like to do that.
I'd definitely like to see Tom again.
I'd definitely like to try to do that someday.
I'd definitely like to try to do that.
I'd definitely recommend it to others.
I'd definitely recommend it.
I'd definitely say it's nerve wracking.
I'd definitely say so.
I'd definitely say that.
I'd definitely think about that carefully if I were you.
I'd definitely try that.
I'd definitely try to buy one of those if I were you.
I'd definitely vote for Tom.
I'd describe him as a middle-aged man in a yellow jacket, orange tie and a pink shirt.
I'd describe him as a middle-aged man wearing a yellow jacket, orange tie and pink shirt.
I'd die before I lied to you.
I'd die for some bagels and burritos.
I'd die if anything happened to you.
I'd die if that happened to me.
I'd die if you left me.
I'd die without you.
I'd do almost anything Tom asked me to do.
I'd do almost anything for you.
I'd do almost anything in the world for you.
I'd do almost anything.
I'd do any damn thing for you.
I'd do anything for Mary.
I'd do anything for Tom.
I'd do anything for her.
I'd do anything for him.
I'd do anything for our future.
I'd do anything for them.
I'd do anything for those kids.
I'd do anything for us.
I'd do anything for you, Mary.
I'd do anything for you, Tom.
I'd do anything for you.
I'd do anything just to hold you in my arms.
I'd do anything to avoid that.
I'd do anything to be with you.
I'd do anything to get Tom back.
I'd do anything to get there.
I'd do anything to get you back.
I'd do anything to have you here again.
I'd do anything to help Tom.
I'd do anything to help her.
I'd do anything to help him.
I'd do anything to help them.
I'd do anything to help you both.
I'd do anything to help you.
I'd do anything to protect Tom.
I'd do anything to protect my family.
I'd do anything to protect you.
I'd do anything to see them happy.
I'd do anything to win.
I'd do everything I could to keep him alive.
I'd do it again if I had the chance.
I'd do it again in a second.
I'd do it again.
I'd do it all again in a heartbeat.
I'd do it all over again.
I'd do it differently if I were you.
I'd do it differently.
I'd do it if I could, but I can't.
I'd do it if I could.
I'd do it if I had more time on my hands.
I'd do it myself if I knew how.
I'd do it myself if I were you.
I'd do it myself, but I'm a little busy right now.
I'd do it myself, but I'm busy.
I'd do it, but I can't.
I'd do it.
I'd do just about anything for you.
I'd do my homework by myself if I could.
I'd do my homework now if I were you.
I'd do that again if I had the chance to.
I'd do that again if I had the chance.
I'd do that again if I had to.
I'd do that again if I were you.
I'd do that again if Tom asked me to.
I'd do that again if you asked me to.
I'd do that again.
I'd do that differently.
I'd do that for Mary if she asked me to.
I'd do that for Mary if she wanted me to.
I'd do that for Tom and Mary if they asked me to.
I'd do that for Tom and Mary if they wanted me to.
I'd do that for Tom if he asked me to.
I'd do that for Tom if he wanted me to.
I'd do that for Tom.
I'd do that for you if I could.
I'd do that for you if I had the time.
I'd do that for you if you want me to.
I'd do that for you if you wanted me to.
I'd do that for you.
I'd do that if I could.
I'd do that if I had more time on my hands.
I'd do that if I had more time.
I'd do that if I had the chance to.
I'd do that if I had time.
I'd do that if I knew how.
I'd do that if I were allowed to.
I'd do that if I were you.
I'd do that if Tom asked me to.
I'd do that if Tom let me.
I'd do that if Tom told me to.
I'd do that if you asked me to.
I'd do that myself if I knew how.
I'd do that myself if I were you.
I'd do that tomorrow if I were you.
I'd do that whenever I could.
I'd do that without hesitation.
I'd do that.
I'd do the same for Tom.
I'd do the same for you.
I'd do the same in your shoes.
I'd do the same thing for Tom.
I'd do the same thing for you.
I'd do the same thing if I were in your place.
I'd do the same thing in your shoes.
I'd do the same thing.
I'd do this again if I had the chance to.
I'd do this every day.
I'd do what Tom advises if I were you.
I'd do what Tom asked if I were you.
I'd double-check that.
I'd dozed off before I knew it.
I'd drive if Tom let me.
I'd drunk so much coffee that I couldn't fall asleep.
I'd duck if I were you.
I'd eat cheese if I had some.
I'd eat cheese, if I had some.
I'd enjoy doing that.
I'd enjoy that immensely.
I'd even go so far as to say that Phoenician and Hebrew are basically the same language.
I'd expect nothing less.
I'd expected Tom not to do that.
I'd expected Tom not to win.
I'd expected Tom to agree to do that.
I'd expected Tom to be at my party.
I'd expected Tom to be here yesterday.
I'd expected Tom to do that for me.
I'd expected Tom to do that on Monday.
I'd expected Tom to do that on October 20th.
I'd expected Tom to do that yesterday.
I'd expected Tom to do that.
I'd expected Tom to go hiking with us yesterday.
I'd expected Tom to help me.
I'd expected Tom to help us do that.
I'd expected Tom to know how to do that.
I'd expected Tom to lie about that.
I'd expected Tom to say no, but to my surprise, he agreed.
I'd expected Tom to wait for us.
I'd expected Tom to win.
I'd expected to be able to finish this work, but I couldn't.
I'd explain it to you, but your brain would explode.
I'd feel a lot better if Tom could stay with you.
I'd feel a lot better if we didn't do that.
I'd feel a lot better if you were here.
I'd feel bad, but I wouldn't kill myself.
I'd feel better if Tom knew about this.
I'd feel better if you weren't going there alone.
I'd feel better if you'd wait for me.
I'd feel comfortable doing that.
I'd feel happier if you three went outside again.
I'd feel honored to take you home.
I'd feel like doing it but I don't have any time.
I'd feel like doing that, but I've no time.
I'd feel more comfortable somewhere else.
I'd feel the same way if I were in your shoes.
I'd feel the same way.
I'd feel uncomfortable asking Tom to do that.
I'd feel very honored to have you as my wife.
I'd fight back.
I'd follow Tom anywhere.
I'd follow you anywhere.
I'd foreseen that happening.
I'd forgive Tom if I were you.
I'd forgotten I'd promised to do that.
I'd forgotten I'd promised you that.
I'd forgotten about everything.
I'd forgotten about it.
I'd forgotten about that.
I'd forgotten all about that.
I'd forgotten how arrogant you are.
I'd forgotten how beautiful Mary was.
I'd forgotten how dreadful he could be.
I'd forgotten how much I like Tom.
I'd forgotten how much I liked Tom.
I'd forgotten how much fun doing this is.
I'd forgotten how much fun it is to dance.
I'd forgotten how much fun it is to tap dance.
I'd forgotten how much fun it is.
I'd forgotten how much fun it was.
I'd forgotten how much fun swimming was.
I'd forgotten how small babies can be.
I'd forgotten how tall Tom was.
I'd forgotten how unbearable he could be.
I'd forgotten that I'd been asked to do that.
I'd forgotten that I'd done that.
I'd forgotten that I'd promised to do that.
I'd forgotten that I'd promised you that.
I'd forgotten that I'd put this here.
I'd forgotten that you'd forgotten.
I'd forgotten that.
I'd forgotten to put it on the list.
I'd gained weight during the holidays, but I lost it fast.
I'd get a soup plate and then slide the glass very carefully over to the edge of the table, and let the water run into the soup plate - it doesn't have to run onto the floor.
I'd get angry if you did that.
I'd get arrested if I did that.
I'd get cleaned up if I were you.
I'd get fired if I did that.
I'd get fired if I didn't do that.
I'd get in trouble if I did that.
I'd get into trouble if I did that.
I'd get into trouble if I didn't do that.
I'd get it dry-cleaned if I were you.
I'd get my son to go instead of going myself.
I'd get to bed early tonight if I were you.
I'd give anything to get to meet you in person.
I'd give anything to go out with him.
I'd give anything to have peace in my life.
I'd give anything to make love to her one last time.
I'd give anything to trade places with you.
I'd give everything I have to one who could capture those images.
I'd give everything to see her mischievous smile again.
I'd give everything to see his mischievous smile again.
I'd give him a chance.
I'd give it some time.
I'd give more, but I can't.
I'd give my life for him.
I'd give my right arm for a house as nice as Tom's.
I'd give my right arm to be able to do that.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
I'd give this city an eight out of ten.
I'd give you a chance, but I don't trust you enough.
I'd give you a raise if it were up to me.
I'd give you more details if I could.
I'd give you more if I could.
I'd give you one of these if I could.
I'd give you the moon if you asked for it.
I'd given up hope.
I'd gladly change places with Tom.
I'd gladly change places with him.
I'd gladly do it.
I'd gladly give you the key, but I can't.
I'd gladly go with you.
I'd gladly help you if I could.
I'd gladly help you, only I'm too busy now.
I'd gladly pay $500 for it.
I'd gladly pay more for something if it's of high quality.
I'd gladly speak with you on this subject.
I'd gladly tell you that I miss you, but I'm scared you'd make fun of me.
I'd gladly work for you.
I'd go about my business if I were you.
I'd go along with that.
I'd go anywhere with you.
I'd go back home soon if I were you.
I'd go camping with you if my leg didn't hurt.
I'd go crazy if you left me.
I'd go home straight away if I were you.
I'd go if my parents let me, but they won't.
I'd go myself, but I don't have any time.
I'd go nuts if we stay here.
I'd go outside.
I'd go right away.
I'd go swimming if I could.
I'd go there if you want.
I'd go through fire and water for him.
I'd go to Australia if I could.
I'd go to Australia if I had the chance.
I'd go to Australia if I were you.
I'd go to Australia right away if I were you.
I'd go to Australia with you if I had the time.
I'd go to Boston again if I had the chance to.
I'd go to Boston if I had the chance.
I'd go to Boston if I had the time.
I'd go to Boston if I were you.
I'd go to Boston right away if I were you.
I'd go to Boston with you if I had the time.
I'd go to Tom's party if I were you.
I'd go to bed, but I have to add new sentences on Tatoeba.
I'd go to the ends of the earth with him.
I'd go to the goth club more often, but my outfits are depressingly cheerful, not cheerfully depressing.
I'd go to the left.
I'd go visit Tom in the hospital if I were you.
I'd go with you if I didn't have such a bad headache.
I'd go, but I can't.
I'd go.
I'd gone out to get some air.
I'd guess it's more likely to be near the refrigerated pasta section than the fake meat section of the supermarket.
I'd guess our science teacher is over thirty years old.
I'd handle everything differently.
I'd hang the people who did this to me on a meat hook.
I'd hardly checked into the hotel when Tom called me.
I'd hardly closed the door when someone knocked.
I'd hardly fallen asleep when the telephone rang.
I'd hardly got into bed when the telephone began to ring.
I'd hardly gotten home before the telephone rang.
I'd hardly hung up when the telephone rang again.
I'd hardly put the phone down when it rang again.
I'd hardly reached the school when the bell rang.
I'd hardly started to work when it began to rain.
I'd hardly started working when it began to rain.
I'd hardly walked a mile when it began to thunder.
I'd hate myself if I did that.
I'd hate to be a gossip, but I heard that Tom is planning on proposing to Mary in a few days.
I'd hate to be disappointed.
I'd hate to be in Tom's shoes right now.
I'd hate to be in Tom's shoes.
I'd hate to be in your shoes.
I'd hate to be misunderstood.
I'd hate to be the one who has to make that decision.
I'd hate to be wrong.
I'd hate to be you.
I'd hate to die young.
I'd hate to disappoint Tom.
I'd hate to disappoint you.
I'd hate to do that.
I'd hate to have a roommate that snored.
I'd hate to have to go there with Tom.
I'd hate to leave now.
I'd hate to offend someone.
I'd hate to pay again.
I'd hate to see Tom leave.
I'd hate to see anything happen to your pretty face.
I'd hate to see that happen again.
I'd hate to see that happen to you.
I'd hate to see that happen.
I'd hate to see you leave.
I'd hate to waste that.
I'd hate to waste this opportunity.
I'd have a problem with that.
I'd have advised you not to do that.
I'd have another cup of coffee if I were you.
I'd have another cup of coffee.
I'd have apologized to Tom if I'd thought I needed to.
I'd have been able to do that if somebody had shown me how.
I'd have been able to do that if someone had shown me how.
I'd have been here earlier if I could have.
I'd have been here earlier if I could've.
I'd have been here sooner except for some trouble on the way.
I'd have been late if Tom hadn't given me a ride.
I'd have been shocked.
I'd have been there by now if my car hadn't broken down.
I'd have been unable to do that if Tom hadn't helped.
I'd have been unable to do that without Tom's help.
I'd have been worried if Tom hadn't been there.
I'd have called Tom if I'd had his phone number.
I'd have come if you'd invited me.
I'd have come to Australia with you if I could've.
I'd have come to Boston with you if I could have.
I'd have come to Boston with you if I could've.
I'd have come yesterday if I could've.
I'd have done it myself if I'd had known how.
I'd have done it myself if I'd had more time.
I'd have done it to please you.
I'd have done that by myself if I could have.
I'd have done that by myself if I could've.
I'd have done that by myself if I'd known how.
I'd have done that by myself if Tom hadn't been there.
I'd have done that by myself if Tom hadn't helped me.
I'd have done that by myself if Tom hadn't volunteered to help me.
I'd have done that for Tom if I'd had more time.
I'd have done that for you if I'd had more time.
I'd have done that if I could have.
I'd have done that if I could've.
I'd have done that if I'd been there.
I'd have done that if I'd had more time.
I'd have done that if I'd had the chance to.
I'd have done that if I'd known I had to.
I'd have done that if I'd known I needed to.
I'd have done that if I'd known I was supposed to.
I'd have done that if I'd known Tom wanted me to.
I'd have done that if I'd known how.
I'd have done that if I'd known you wanted me to.
I'd have done that if I'd thought it was necessary.
I'd have done that if Tom had asked me to.
I'd have done that if Tom hadn't stopped me.
I'd have done that if Tom hadn't.
I'd have done that if my parents had let me.
I'd have done that if you had asked me to.
I'd have done that if you'd asked me to.
I'd have done that myself if I'd had known how to.
I'd have done that myself if I'd had more time.
I'd have done that myself if I'd had the time.
I'd have done that myself if I'd known how.
I'd have done that right the first time if you'd helped me.
I'd have done that.
I'd have done the same thing Tom did.
I'd have done the same thing you did.
I'd have done the same thing.
I'd have driven if Tom had let me.
I'd have eaten more if I hadn't been sick.
I'd have expected that.
I'd have figured it out eventually.
I'd have figured it out.
I'd have given Tom some money if I'd had any to give.
I'd have given anything to be there.
I'd have given my life for you.
I'd have gone if I could have.
I'd have gone if I could've.
I'd have gone swimming if I'd had the chance to.
I'd have gone to Australia if I could've.
I'd have gone to Australia with you if my parents had let me.
I'd have gone to Boston if I could have.
I'd have gone to Boston if I could've.
I'd have gone to Boston with you if my parents had let me.
I'd have gone to prison if I hadn't had such a good lawyer.
I'd have gone with Tom if I could have.
I'd have gone with Tom if I could've.
I'd have gone with you if you'd invited me.
I'd have gotten away with it if Tom hadn't seen me do that.
I'd have had a heart attack and died.
I'd have handled everything differently.
I'd have helped Tom if I could have.
I'd have helped Tom if I could've.
I'd have helped you if I could have.
I'd have helped you if I could've.
I'd have helped you if you'd asked me to.
I'd have helped you if you'd asked me.
I'd have helped you if you'd asked.
I'd have helped you.
I'd have just stayed put.
I'd have just stayed where I was.
I'd have left a note.
I'd have lent you money if you'd asked me to.
I'd have let you know if I had known.
I'd have liked for you to stay, but your parents must be worried sick about you.
I'd have liked it if you'd come with us.
I'd have liked to be with you.
I'd have liked to go to Spain, but I hadn't found the right company.
I'd have liked to have been here.
I'd have liked to share every moment with you.
I'd have loved to see you at the party I organised yesterday.
I'd have missed the train if I'd stopped to buy something to eat.
I'd have never done that if Tom had asked me not to.
I'd have never done that if Tom hadn't asked me to.
I'd have never managed without you.
I'd have no trouble doing that.
I'd have noticed if anything were missing.
I'd have picked him if he hadn't been injured.
I'd have preferred you do that.
I'd have said no.
I'd have said nothing.
I'd have sex from morning till night.
I'd have shown you how to do that if you'd asked me to.
I'd have shown you how to do that if you'd asked.
I'd have stayed if I could have.
I'd have stayed if I could've.
I'd have stopped doing that if Tom had asked me to.
I'd have stopped doing that if you had asked me to.
I'd have stopped doing that if you'd asked me to.
I'd have succeeded if I'd tried harder.
I'd have succeeded if I'd worked harder.
I'd have thought about planning a trip all together to visit him.
I'd have thrown you out.
I'd have to agree with that.
I'd have to agree with you.
I'd have to answer yes.
I'd have to ask permission.
I'd have to be an idiot to do that.
I'd have to be pretty stupid to do that.
I'd have to concur.
I'd have to do that if Tom asked me to.
I'd have to do that if Tom told me to.
I'd have to say no.
I'd have to say yes.
I'd have to take a look at it first.
I'd have told you that.
I'd have tried to stop you.
I'd have understood.
I'd have waited a little bit longer than Tom did.
I'd have waited a little bit longer.
I'd have waited another year if I'd had to.
I'd have waited for you.
I'd have wanted to do that with you.
I'd have wanted to do that, too.
I'd have won if I hadn't sprained my ankle.
I'd have won if I hadn't tripped.
I'd head south if I were you.
I'd heard she was too far out for most people.
I'd heard what had happened.
I'd heard you were on the waiting list.
I'd heard you'd changed.
I'd heard you'd moved to Australia.
I'd heard you'd moved to Boston.
I'd heard you'd moved.
I'd help Mary do that if she wanted me to.
I'd help Mary if she wanted me to.
I'd help Tom and Mary do that if they wanted me to.
I'd help Tom do that if he wanted me to.
I'd help Tom if he asked nicely.
I'd help Tom if he wanted me to.
I'd help if I could, but it's beyond my reach.
I'd help if I could.
I'd help if Tom wanted me to.
I'd help if you wanted me to.
I'd help you if I could, but I can't.
I'd help you if I could.
I'd help you if I had the time.
I'd help you if I had time.
I'd help you if you asked me to.
I'd help you if you want me to.
I'd help you if you wanted me to.
I'd help you if you were in trouble.
I'd help you, but I don't have time.
I'd hide if I were you.
I'd high five you if I could.
I'd highly advise against doing that.
I'd highly recommend doing that right away.
I'd highly recommend this.
I'd hold your hand if you let me.
I'd honestly like to know what happened.
I'd hope that the test would be easier.
I'd hoped I could learn how to do that.
I'd hoped I could stay in Australia for three more weeks.
I'd hoped I could stay in Boston for three more days.
I'd hoped I'd be able to do that today.
I'd hoped I'd be able to go swimming today.
I'd hoped I'd be allowed to do that.
I'd hoped Tom could learn how to do that.
I'd hoped Tom would be able to prevent that from happening.
I'd hoped Tom would find somebody else to help him.
I'd hoped Tom would find someone else to help him.
I'd hoped for better from you, and your actions have left me feeling profoundly disappointed.
I'd hoped that Tom would be able to do that.
I'd hoped that Tom would be able to prevent that from happening.
I'd hoped that Tom would do that for me.
I'd hoped that Tom would find somebody else to help him.
I'd hoped that Tom would find someone else to help him.
I'd hoped that Tom would've changed his habits by now, but I see that everything's still the same.
I'd hoped that this would cheer Tom up.
I'd hoped that we could do that without Tom's help.
I'd hoped that we could do without Tom's help.
I'd hoped that we'd become friends.
I'd hoped that you could do that.
I'd hoped that you'd tell me everything yourself.
I'd hoped that you'd understand.
I'd hoped the zine would connect all sort of people who understood how much cooler it was to thrift than to buy new junk.
I'd hoped this would cheer Tom up.
I'd hoped to avoid this problem.
I'd hoped to catch an earlier train.
I'd hoped to convince you to stay a little longer.
I'd hoped to meet Tom there.
I'd hoped to see Tom again.
I'd hoped to see Tom in Australia.
I'd hoped to see Tom in Boston.
I'd hoped to see Tom there.
I'd hoped to see her in Boston.
I'd hoped to see him in Boston.
I'd hoped to see them in Boston.
I'd hoped to see you in Boston.
I'd hoped to speak with Tom.
I'd hoped to speak with her.
I'd hoped to speak with him.
I'd hoped to speak with them.
I'd hoped to talk to Tom.
I'd hoped we could do that without Tom's help.
I'd hoped we could do without Tom's help.
I'd hoped we'd be there by 2:30.
I'd hoped we'd become friends.
I'd hoped you could do that.
I'd hoped you might be here.
I'd hoped you'd be finished by the time I got back.
I'd hoped you'd tell me everything yourself.
I'd hoped you'd understand.
I'd hug you if you were here.
I'd ignore Tom if I were you.
I'd intended to be here early today.
I'd intended to do that yesterday, but it rained so I couldn't.
I'd intended to have my homework finished by now.
I'd intended to visit Boston last year.
I'd intended to visit the temple last week.
I'd jump through hoops for you.
I'd jump.
I'd just be able to give up better than if you were taken by some other woman.
I'd just come home, when I was called again.
I'd just come in the door when the phone rang.
I'd just forgotten about it.
I'd just got back from a trip.
I'd just hate to see anything happen to Tom.
I'd just like a job.
I'd just like some coffee.
I'd just like some peace and quiet.
I'd just like to ask Tom a few more questions.
I'd just like to ask Tom one question.
I'd just like to ask if you saw or heard anything last night that could cast some light on this mysterious affair.
I'd just like to ask some questions first.
I'd just like to be able to save a little money.
I'd just like to be ignored.
I'd just like to eat my breakfast in peace.
I'd just like to find Tom and talk to him.
I'd just like to find out what happened.
I'd just like to give you a little history about our project.
I'd just like to go home.
I'd just like to go.
I'd just like to have a quick conversation with Tom before we leave.
I'd just like to interject for a moment. What you're referring to as Linux is, in fact, GNU/Linux, or as I've recently taken to calling it, GNU plus Linux.
I'd just like to know how Tom did that.
I'd just like to know if you're coming or not.
I'd just like to know what I did wrong.
I'd just like to know what you knew and when you knew it.
I'd just like to know what you think.
I'd just like to know what you want me to do.
I'd just like to know what's going on here.
I'd just like to point out a few potential problems.
I'd just like to say I'm sorry.
I'd just like to talk with Tom before we leave.
I'd just like to talk.
I'd just like to thank all of you for what you've done for us.
I'd just never do that.
I'd just order pizza.
I'd just run away.
I'd just started to work when it began to rain.
I'd just started when it began to rain.
I'd just started working when it began to rain.
I'd just woken up and was still drowsy.
I'd kill for a beer right now.
I'd kill for a bite of that sandwich.
I'd kill for a shower.
I'd kill for that job.
I'd kill for that.
I'd kill for your legs.
I'd kill myself first.
I'd kill to be American.
I'd kill to live in a home this nice.
I'd kill you if I could.
I'd know if you told me.
I'd know if you were lying.
I'd know if you were to tell me.
I'd know that voice anywhere.
I'd know you anywhere.
I'd known Tom for years.
I'd known that for a long time.
I'd laugh at those idiot politicians if I didn't cry because of them.
I'd leave a message.
I'd leave at 2:30 if I were you.
I'd leave early if I were allowed to.
I'd leave early if I were you.
I'd leave her too if I were him.
I'd leave him if I was you.
I'd leave him if I were you.
I'd leave immediately if I were you.
I'd leave it alone if I were you.
I'd leave it be if I were you.
I'd leave it that way.
I'd leave on Monday if I were you.
I'd leave quietly if I were you.
I'd leave things as they are to avoid problems.
I'd leave things the way they are to avoid problems.
I'd leave.
I'd lend you money if I could.
I'd lend you money if I had any to spare.
I'd lend you money if I had any.
I'd lend you money if I had it.
I'd lend you some of my brother's books.
I'd let Tom seize my means of production.
I'd let you do it, but apparently I can't trust you anymore.
I'd like 300 grams of this.
I'd like Quim Monzo to autograph my book, but I'm too ashamed to ask him.
I'd like Thousand Island dressing on my salad.
I'd like Tom to apologize to me.
I'd like Tom to be happy.
I'd like Tom to be on my team.
I'd like Tom to demonstrate how to do the butterfly.
I'd like Tom to do that for me.
I'd like Tom to do that for us.
I'd like Tom to do that, but he's busy doing something else.
I'd like Tom to do this investigation.
I'd like Tom to handle this investigation.
I'd like Tom to help us.
I'd like Tom to meet Mary.
I'd like Tom to read what's written on that paper aloud.
I'd like Tom to rest.
I'd like Tom to spend some more time with our children.
I'd like Tom to spend some time with our children.
I'd like Tom to stay with us.
I'd like Tom to take me home.
I'd like Tom's opinion on this matter.
I'd like a Bloody Mary.
I'd like a Cobb salad without blue cheese and bacon.
I'd like a Manhattan.
I'd like a Toyota.
I'd like a baby from you.
I'd like a beer.
I'd like a book.
I'd like a bottle of cough syrup.
I'd like a bottle of soda.
I'd like a bottle of water.
I'd like a box of cookies.
I'd like a bus route map.
I'd like a camomile.
I'd like a cappuccino.
I'd like a car like yours.
I'd like a car. I don't mind what colour it is.
I'd like a chamomile.
I'd like a chance to explain why I did that.
I'd like a chance to explain why I did what I did.
I'd like a chance to explain why I made this choice.
I'd like a chance to learn more.
I'd like a chance to make myself clear.
I'd like a chance to set the record straight.
I'd like a cheese roll and a jam roll, if that's possible.
I'd like a cheeseburger and a coke.
I'd like a cherry.
I'd like a chilled one.
I'd like a chocolate shake.
I'd like a chocolatine.
I'd like a city map, please.
I'd like a city map.
I'd like a closer look at that.
I'd like a coat with the wooly side in, please.
I'd like a coffee with milk and sugar.
I'd like a coffee, please.
I'd like a coffee.
I'd like a copy of that document as soon as possible.
I'd like a copy of the autopsy report.
I'd like a corner room.
I'd like a couple of kilos of loquats.
I'd like a cup of coffee, please.
I'd like a cup of coffee, too, please.
I'd like a cup of coffee.
I'd like a cup of decaffeinated coffee.
I'd like a cup of tea, please.
I'd like a cup of tea.
I'd like a daiquiri.
I'd like a dessert please.
I'd like a discount.
I'd like a doll, a new bicycle..... and peace on earth!
I'd like a double for four nights starting tonight for about fifty dollars a night.
I'd like a double room.
I'd like a double with a bath.
I'd like a drink, too.
I'd like a drink.
I'd like a first-class ticket.
I'd like a fish.
I'd like a flat with a sea view.
I'd like a flat with a view of the sea.
I'd like a fork.
I'd like a full tank of regular unleaded.
I'd like a gift for my wife.
I'd like a gin and tonic.
I'd like a glass of Pepsi.
I'd like a glass of beer.
I'd like a glass of brandy.
I'd like a glass of champagne.
I'd like a glass of cold water.
I'd like a glass of red wine, please.
I'd like a glass of tequila.
I'd like a glass of water, please.
I'd like a glass of water.
I'd like a glass of wine, please.
I'd like a glass of wine.
I'd like a glass.
I'd like a guitar for my birthday.
I'd like a half a kilogram of these and a half a kilogram of those.
I'd like a hamburger and a cola.
I'd like a hamburger and fries.
I'd like a hat like that.
I'd like a hot cup of tea.
I'd like a hot tea with honey.
I'd like a hotdog.
I'd like a hotel near the airport.
I'd like a hotel reservation.
I'd like a house like this.
I'd like a hug.
I'd like a jump rope with wooden handles.
I'd like a kilo of grapes, please.
I'd like a kilogram of sugar, too.
I'd like a lager.
I'd like a large coffee with three creams and three sugars.
I'd like a large decaf coffee with two creams and two sugars.
I'd like a large decaf double-double.
I'd like a large portion of chips.
I'd like a large portion of rice, please.
I'd like a large portion, please.
I'd like a large triple-triple.
I'd like a large vegan pepperoni pizza.
I'd like a little bit of cake.
I'd like a little bit of help.
I'd like a little bit of pie.
I'd like a little help.
I'd like a little less reverb on the lead singer's voice.
I'd like a little more information.
I'd like a little more tea.
I'd like a little more time.
I'd like a little more water.
I'd like a little privacy.
I'd like a loaf of white bread.
I'd like a long-sleeved shirt in yellow, medium.
I'd like a luggage locker.
I'd like a map of the city, please.
I'd like a map of the city.
I'd like a map of the town, please.
I'd like a martini.
I'd like a medium size.
I'd like a minute with Tom.
I'd like a moment alone with Tom.
I'd like a moment of your time.
I'd like a money order for ten dollars.
I'd like a muffin.
I'd like a new Berber dictionary.
I'd like a new car.
I'd like a new shovel.
I'd like a nonstop flight to Boston.
I'd like a nonstop flight to New York.
I'd like a packet of aspirin.
I'd like a pain au chocolat.
I'd like a pastry and a cappuccino.
I'd like a pear.
I'd like a phone that supports fast charging.
I'd like a piece of cake.
I'd like a piece of cheese.
I'd like a pint.
I'd like a piña colada.
I'd like a popsicle.
I'd like a present for my wife.
I'd like a quote for the following.
I'd like a rain check.
I'd like a raise.
I'd like a receipt, please.
I'd like a red one.
I'd like a refill?
I'd like a refund.
I'd like a replacement.
I'd like a revolution that would wipe out the hypocrites.
I'd like a road map.
I'd like a roll with butter and a galão.
I'd like a room facing the garden.
I'd like a room facing the ocean instead.
I'd like a room for tonight.
I'd like a room in the back.
I'd like a room in the front.
I'd like a room that looks out on the sea.
I'd like a room with a good view, please.
I'd like a room with a good view.
I'd like a room with a sea view.
I'd like a room with a seaside window.
I'd like a room with a view of the sea.
I'd like a round-trip ticket from Boston to Chicago.
I'd like a round-trip ticket from Boston to New York.
I'd like a round-trip ticket to Boston.
I'd like a safety check on my car.
I'd like a salad.
I'd like a salami sandwich.
I'd like a sandwich, please.
I'd like a sandwich.
I'd like a seat over a wing.
I'd like a second chance.
I'd like a second opinion.
I'd like a serving of Iberian Ham.
I'd like a shave.
I'd like a shot of tequila.
I'd like a shrimp cocktail.
I'd like a single from the 24th for two nights.
I'd like a single room for three nights.
I'd like a single room with breakfast.
I'd like a single room with shower.
I'd like a single room.
I'd like a single with a shower, please.
I'd like a skipping rope with wooden handles.
I'd like a slice of bread with jam.
I'd like a slice of pizza.
I'd like a smaller one.
I'd like a soda.
I'd like a steak.
I'd like a steaming hot cup of tea.
I'd like a straight answer.
I'd like a subway map, please.
I'd like a suite.
I'd like a table by the window.
I'd like a table near the window.
I'd like a table outside.
I'd like a taxi at nine in the morning.
I'd like a taxi now.
I'd like a tea.
I'd like a ten-pound bag of potatoes.
I'd like a ticket to Boston.
I'd like a ticket to Trier.
I'd like a ticket to Warsaw, please.
I'd like a turnover, please.
I'd like a twin room, please.
I'd like a twin with an extra bed.
I'd like a vodka and tonic.
I'd like a wake-up call at seven tomorrow morning.
I'd like a wake-up call at six tomorrow morning.
I'd like a week off with pay.
I'd like a whiskey sour.
I'd like a window seat, please.
I'd like a window seat.
I'd like a word with Tom concerning Mary.
I'd like a word with Tom in private.
I'd like a word with Tom.
I'd like a word with her.
I'd like a word with him.
I'd like a word with them.
I'd like a word with you if I may.
I'd like a word with you in private.
I'd like a word with you.
I'd like about three kilograms of potatoes.
I'd like an 80-yen stamp, please.
I'd like an air-conditioned room.
I'd like an aisle seat, please.
I'd like an apartment with three bedrooms.
I'd like an apology.
I'd like an avocado ice cream with sprinkles.
I'd like an earnest word with you.
I'd like an explanation.
I'd like an honest answer.
I'd like an iceberg lettuce wedge salad.
I'd like an invitation.
I'd like an omelet, juice and coffee.
I'd like an opportunity to explain my plan.
I'd like an opportunity to explain my reasons.
I'd like an orange juice.
I'd like another beer.
I'd like another cup of coffee.
I'd like another cup of tea before I go.
I'd like another cup of tea.
I'd like another doctor.
I'd like another glass of oolong tea.
I'd like another glass of water, please.
I'd like another one of these.
I'd like another sandwich.
I'd like another sip.
I'd like beer.
I'd like both sugar and milk.
I'd like bread and butter, please.
I'd like breakfast in my room at 8 sharp.
I'd like breakfast.
I'd like climb Mt. Fuji again.
I'd like coffee rather than tea, please.
I'd like coffee, please.
I'd like everybody except Tom to leave, please.
I'd like everyone to wear nice clothes.
I'd like everything to go smoothly without a hitch.
I'd like five meat balls.
I'd like five meatballs.
I'd like five tickets, please.
I'd like for Mary to tell you why she did what she did.
I'd like for Tom to never come back here again.
I'd like for Tom to tell you what he did on Friday night.
I'd like for Tom to tell you where he was two nights ago.
I'd like for Tom to tell you who he was with on Saturday night.
I'd like for Tom to tell you why he did what he did.
I'd like for us to discuss these results.
I'd like for us to work together.
I'd like for you to do it yourself.
I'd like for you to do something for Tom.
I'd like for you to do something for me.
I'd like for you to do something.
I'd like for you to do that.
I'd like for you to go.
I'd like for you to help me get my car running.
I'd like for you to help me paint my garage.
I'd like for you to help me.
I'd like for you to leave.
I'd like for you to tell me exactly what happened.
I'd like four tickets, please.
I'd like grape juice.
I'd like guidance to give up smoking.
I'd like half board.
I'd like help.
I'd like her to be happy.
I'd like her to come with me.
I'd like her to meet her.
I'd like her to rest.
I'd like her to stop smoking.
I'd like her to take me home.
I'd like him to be happy.
I'd like him to go there.
I'd like him to meet her.
I'd like him to rest.
I'd like him to take me home.
I'd like inexpensive seats, if possible.
I'd like it above my ears.
I'd like it here if it didn't get so cold in the winter.
I'd like it here if it didn't get so hot in the summer.
I'd like it if it wasn't so hot in the summer.
I'd like it if somebody did that for me.
I'd like it if someone did that for me.
I'd like it if this kind of thing didn't keep happening all the time.
I'd like it if we could spend more time together.
I'd like it if we had more money.
I'd like it if you did it yourself.
I'd like it if you did that by yourself.
I'd like it if you did that for me.
I'd like it if you did that yourself.
I'd like it if you did that.
I'd like it if you didn't do that.
I'd like it if you stayed longer.
I'd like it if you were always honest with me.
I'd like it if you would clean this room before I get back.
I'd like it if you would cook dinner for me.
I'd like it if you would keep an eye on Tom.
I'd like it in a brighter color.
I'd like it to stay that way.
I'd like it very much if you would repeat that dance.
I'd like it very much if you'd stay.
I'd like it, but I don't have enough courage.
I'd like lemon meringue pie for dessert.
I'd like lettuce and tomatoes on my sandwich, please.
I'd like mapo tofu, and two bowls of rice.
I'd like meatloaf.
I'd like more detailed information.
I'd like more than that.
I'd like more wine.
I'd like my children to learn French.
I'd like my coffee after the meal.
I'd like my coffee weak.
I'd like my egg very, very soft boiled.
I'd like my friend Tom to be there when we're writing my treatment plan.
I'd like my hair trimmed.
I'd like my keys back.
I'd like my money back.
I'd like my name to be put back on the list.
I'd like my old job back.
I'd like my own room.
I'd like my steak rare.
I'd like my steak well done.
I'd like my things back.
I'd like my umbrella back.
I'd like not to do it.
I'd like nothing better than to do that.
I'd like nothing better than to fire Tom, but I can't do that.
I'd like nothing better.
I'd like nothing more.
I'd like one more blanket.
I'd like one of each, please.
I'd like one of everything, please.
I'd like one of those scarves.
I'd like one of those.
I'd like one on the aisle, please.
I'd like one stamp, please.
I'd like one ticket, please.
I'd like orange juice, please.
I'd like orange juice.
I'd like permission to borrow your car.
I'd like red wine.
I'd like scrambled eggs.
I'd like seats about fifty yards from the court.
I'd like seats on the first floor.
I'd like seats right next to the court.
I'd like shoes like that.
I'd like some advice on something.
I'd like some advice to understand myself more.
I'd like some advice.
I'd like some aspirin.
I'd like some bananas.
I'd like some beer.
I'd like some black coffee.
I'd like some bread and jam.
I'd like some cheese.
I'd like some chocolate cake.
I'd like some cider, please.
I'd like some cigarettes.
I'd like some cocoa.
I'd like some coffee if you are making some.
I'd like some coffee.
I'd like some extra Schezwan sauce with my order of chicken lollipops.
I'd like some feedback.
I'd like some fish.
I'd like some fresh fruit.
I'd like some fries without salt.
I'd like some fruit juice.
I'd like some further details.
I'd like some help, please.
I'd like some help.
I'd like some honey.
I'd like some hot tea, please.
I'd like some hot tea.
I'd like some ice cream.
I'd like some information about hotels in Boston.
I'd like some information about museums.
I'd like some information about your new computers.
I'd like some information on motels.
I'd like some information.
I'd like some input.
I'd like some macarons.
I'd like some macaroons.
I'd like some milk and sugar with coffee.
I'd like some more bread, please.
I'd like some more butter.
I'd like some more coffee.
I'd like some more mushrooms.
I'd like some more rice.
I'd like some more water.
I'd like some more.
I'd like some motion sickness medicine for children.
I'd like some noodles with scrambled eggs, please.
I'd like some of that cake.
I'd like some paper.
I'd like some pepper.
I'd like some plum jam.
I'd like some pop.
I'd like some popcorn, please.
I'd like some popcorn.
I'd like some poundcake.
I'd like some powidl.
I'd like some privacy now.
I'd like some privacy.
I'd like some pudding.
I'd like some red wine.
I'd like some rum.
I'd like some salad.
I'd like some shoes.
I'd like some spinach.
I'd like some sugar, please.
I'd like some sugar.
I'd like some sugared milk, please.
I'd like some tea, please.
I'd like some time alone, please.
I'd like some time to consider before I make a decision.
I'd like some time to talk with Tom.
I'd like some time to think about it.
I'd like some toast if you are making some.
I'd like some unsweetened tea, please.
I'd like some vanilla ice cream.
I'd like some walnuts.
I'd like some water to drink.
I'd like some water.
I'd like some white bread.
I'd like some white wine, please.
I'd like some wine, please.
I'd like some wine.
I'd like some yogurt.
I'd like someone to ask Tom that.
I'd like something cheaper.
I'd like something cold to drink.
I'd like something cold.
I'd like something hot to drink.
I'd like something light.
I'd like something new.
I'd like something refreshing to drink.
I'd like something stronger.
I'd like something sweet to eat.
I'd like something sweet.
I'd like something to drink.
I'd like something to eat please.
I'd like something to eat that's not sweet.
I'd like something to eat.
I'd like something to read on the train.
I'd like something to write on.
I'd like somewhere to write where I can have peace.
I'd like spring rolls as a starter.
I'd like stay longer, but I have to leave.
I'd like that a lot.
I'd like that beer, please.
I'd like that very much.
I'd like that, too.
I'd like that.
I'd like the Hungarian goulash.
I'd like the bill, please.
I'd like the cheapest room you've got for four nights.
I'd like the government to respond resolutely so as to not end up looking timid.
I'd like the help.
I'd like the most inexpensive room you have for four nights.
I'd like the same style as this one.
I'd like the sauce on the side.
I'd like them to be happy.
I'd like them to rest.
I'd like them to take me home.
I'd like things between us to be as they were before.
I'd like things to go smoothly all the time.
I'd like this done as soon as possible.
I'd like this fight to end.
I'd like this jacket.
I'd like this meeting to last no more than twenty minutes.
I'd like three bags of potato chips.
I'd like three boxes of strawberries.
I'd like three cans of tomatoes.
I'd like three dozen donuts.
I'd like three kilos of onions.
I'd like three lumps of sugar in the milk.
I'd like three of these.
I'd like three oranges.
I'd like three pounds of chicken.
I'd like three sugar cubes in my tea.
I'd like three sugar cubes in the milk.
I'd like three tickets, please.
I'd like three twenties, six fives, and the rest in ones.
I'd like to accompany you.
I'd like to act.
I'd like to add a new language in Tatoeba, what do I have to do?
I'd like to add a sentence, but I don't know how to do it.
I'd like to add some information to my report.
I'd like to add something.
I'd like to answer that question.
I'd like to apologise on behalf of my son.
I'd like to apologise to Volgograd's police.
I'd like to apologize for being late.
I'd like to apologize for the behavior of my passion.
I'd like to apologize for the way I handled the situation.
I'd like to apologize for this morning.
I'd like to apologize on behalf of my son.
I'd like to apologize.
I'd like to apply for a job.
I'd like to apply for a visa.
I'd like to apply for citizenship.
I'd like to apply for that job.
I'd like to apply for that position.
I'd like to arrive before everyone else.
I'd like to arrive before the rest.
I'd like to ask Mary to the prom.
I'd like to ask Tom a few questions if I may.
I'd like to ask Tom a question or two.
I'd like to ask Tom a question.
I'd like to ask Tom about that myself.
I'd like to ask Tom if he feels the same way.
I'd like to ask Tom that myself.
I'd like to ask Tom to answer a few questions.
I'd like to ask Tom to answer some questions.
I'd like to ask Tom to join our group.
I'd like to ask Tom what he means.
I'd like to ask Tom what his thoughts are.
I'd like to ask a favor of you.
I'd like to ask a favor.
I'd like to ask a favour of you.
I'd like to ask a few more questions.
I'd like to ask a grammarian, isn't it possible to think of 'be + participle' like you do V C and such?
I'd like to ask a question.
I'd like to ask for something to drink.
I'd like to ask for your daughter's hand in marriage.
I'd like to ask one or two questions myself.
I'd like to ask something.
I'd like to ask the speakers to be brief.
I'd like to ask you a couple of questions.
I'd like to ask you a couple questions.
I'd like to ask you a favor but this has to be discreet.
I'd like to ask you a favor.
I'd like to ask you a favour.
I'd like to ask you a few more questions.
I'd like to ask you a few questions about Tom.
I'd like to ask you a few questions about what happened at school today.
I'd like to ask you a few questions about what you did last weekend.
I'd like to ask you a few questions if you don't mind.
I'd like to ask you a few questions.
I'd like to ask you a question, but if this is a bad time, I can come back at another time.
I'd like to ask you a question.
I'd like to ask you about Tom.
I'd like to ask you about a car you repaired.
I'd like to ask you about a patient you treated.
I'd like to ask you about a student of yours.
I'd like to ask you about her.
I'd like to ask you about him.
I'd like to ask you about how to do that.
I'd like to ask you about them.
I'd like to ask you for a favor.
I'd like to ask you for a favour.
I'd like to ask you for an explanation.
I'd like to ask you for some advice.
I'd like to ask you for some legal advice.
I'd like to ask you how you did that.
I'd like to ask you if you can reveal a little more about that meeting.
I'd like to ask you one question.
I'd like to ask you some questions about some of the people who work for you.
I'd like to ask you some questions about some of the people you have working for you.
I'd like to ask you some questions about some of the people you've been working for.
I'd like to ask you some questions now.
I'd like to ask you some questions.
I'd like to ask you something.
I'd like to ask you the same question once more.
I'd like to ask you to consider this possibility.
I'd like to ask you to help me.
I'd like to ask you to reconsider.
I'd like to ask you to write one more letter...
I'd like to ask your opinion about something.
I'd like to ask your opinion.
I'd like to ask your permission to date your daughter.
I'd like to attend the party.
I'd like to attend.
I'd like to avoid anything that causes burnout; it'd make me a demotivated runt.
I'd like to avoid this problem in the future.
I'd like to be Chinese.
I'd like to be Picasso.
I'd like to be Tom's girlfriend, but he already has a girlfriend.
I'd like to be Tom's girlfriend, but he already has one.
I'd like to be a Canadian.
I'd like to be a French teacher.
I'd like to be a dentist in the future.
I'd like to be a famous footballer.
I'd like to be a freelance.
I'd like to be a guitarist.
I'd like to be a millionaire.
I'd like to be a part of your group.
I'd like to be a sailor.
I'd like to be a speaker.
I'd like to be a teacher.
I'd like to be a veterinarian.
I'd like to be a writer.
I'd like to be able to cook better.
I'd like to be able to dance like that.
I'd like to be able to do something like that, too!
I'd like to be able to fly.
I'd like to be able to help you.
I'd like to be able to lend you some money, but I haven't got a brass razoo on me at the moment.
I'd like to be able to make something like this, too.
I'd like to be able to order Thai food in Thai.
I'd like to be able to play an instrument.
I'd like to be able to read books faster.
I'd like to be able to read fantasy and science fiction in other languages.
I'd like to be able to run faster.
I'd like to be able to sing better.
I'd like to be able to speak French fluently.
I'd like to be able to speak French more fluently.
I'd like to be able to speak French.
I'd like to be able to speak Thai when I go to Thailand.
I'd like to be able to speak more quickly.
I'd like to be able to tell Tom that he has nothing to worry about.
I'd like to be able to tell people my real name.
I'd like to be able to understand everything.
I'd like to be able to understand graffiti in French.
I'd like to be able to understand graffiti in my target language.
I'd like to be able to understand the impolite conversation of my coworkers as much as the polite conversation of my boss.
I'd like to be able to understand tweets in French without automatically translating them.
I'd like to be able to understand tweets in my target language without automatically translating them.
I'd like to be able to understand whatever comes on the TV in French.
I'd like to be able to understand whatever comes on the TV in my target language.
I'd like to be able to understand why people think the way they do.
I'd like to be able to write as fast as ChatGPT.
I'd like to be alone for a few minutes, please.
I'd like to be alone for a while.
I'd like to be alone if you don't mind.
I'd like to be alone now.
I'd like to be alone.
I'd like to be an American.
I'd like to be an astronaut when I grow up.
I'd like to be an employee in a company.
I'd like to be as intelligent as you.
I'd like to be as rich as Tom and Mary are.
I'd like to be as rich as Tom is.
I'd like to be as rich as Tom.
I'd like to be as rich as him.
I'd like to be as tall as Tom is.
I'd like to be as tall as Tom.
I'd like to be by myself.
I'd like to be called Tom.
I'd like to be called Yanni.
I'd like to be considered for the job.
I'd like to be consulted.
I'd like to be cremated.
I'd like to be excused.
I'd like to be famous.
I'd like to be fluent in French.
I'd like to be friends with Tom.
I'd like to be friends.
I'd like to be happy.
I'd like to be heard.
I'd like to be helpful in any way I can.
I'd like to be here with Tom.
I'd like to be in Australia right now.
I'd like to be in Boston next Monday.
I'd like to be in Boston right now.
I'd like to be in Boston.
I'd like to be in Paris.
I'd like to be in a band.
I'd like to be informed if anything bad happens.
I'd like to be informed.
I'd like to be left alone for a while, if you don't mind.
I'd like to be left alone.
I'd like to be like Tom.
I'd like to be like her.
I'd like to be like him.
I'd like to be like them.
I'd like to be loved.
I'd like to be measured for a new suit.
I'd like to be more like you.
I'd like to be more than just friends.
I'd like to be on TV someday.
I'd like to be on television someday.
I'd like to be on the team.
I'd like to be paid the balance in change.
I'd like to be prepared.
I'd like to be reincarnated as a dolphin.
I'd like to be rich and not have to worry about money.
I'd like to be rich.
I'd like to be self-employed.
I'd like to be smarter than you.
I'd like to be there with you.
I'd like to be there, but I can't.
I'd like to be there, but unfortunately I can't.
I'd like to be there, but unfortunately I'm busy and can't be there.
I'd like to be there.
I'd like to be told if anything bad happens.
I'd like to be with Tom.
I'd like to be woken up tomorrow at 6:30.
I'd like to be young again.
I'd like to be your boyfriend.
I'd like to be your friend.
I'd like to become a French teacher.
I'd like to become a Muslim.
I'd like to become a better person.
I'd like to become a doctor.
I'd like to become a famous footballer.
I'd like to become a famous soccer player.
I'd like to become a good conversationalist.
I'd like to become a journalist.
I'd like to become a lawyer.
I'd like to become a much more fluent Berber speaker.
I'd like to become a musician.
I'd like to become a tailor.
I'd like to become a teacher.
I'd like to become an astronaut.
I'd like to become your wife.
I'd like to begin as soon as possible.
I'd like to begin immediately.
I'd like to believe Tom told us the truth.
I'd like to believe only good things about her, but her behaviour is really rude indeed.
I'd like to believe otherwise.
I'd like to believe that Tom told us the truth.
I'd like to believe that that's true.
I'd like to believe that's true.
I'd like to believe that, but I don't.
I'd like to believe that.
I'd like to believe we learn from our mistakes.
I'd like to believe you're right.
I'd like to believe you.
I'd like to bike across France.
I'd like to bike with you.
I'd like to book a bedroom.
I'd like to book a double room.
I'd like to book a flight from Osaka to Los Angeles.
I'd like to book a flight to Boston.
I'd like to book a flight to Vancouver.
I'd like to book a room at a hotel.
I'd like to book a room.
I'd like to book a seat.
I'd like to book a single room.
I'd like to book a table for four for 6.30.
I'd like to book a table for four for half past six.
I'd like to book a table for four for tomorrow night.
I'd like to book a table for three.
I'd like to book a ticket to Athens.
I'd like to book three seats.
I'd like to borrow a wrench.
I'd like to borrow about three hundred dollars.
I'd like to borrow about three hundred thousand dollars.
I'd like to borrow fifty dollars from you.
I'd like to borrow some books to take to Tom in the hospital.
I'd like to borrow this.
I'd like to borrow your car this afternoon.
I'd like to borrow your car tomorrow.
I'd like to borrow your dictionary.
I'd like to borrow your notes for a bit.
I'd like to break his neck.
I'd like to break this 100 dollar bill into four 20 dollar bills and twenty singles.
I'd like to breast-feed my baby.
I'd like to briefly introduce myself.
I'd like to bring attention to this picture again.
I'd like to bring that.
I'd like to brush my teeth.
I'd like to build a new house.
I'd like to build an eco-friendly house.
I'd like to build my own house.
I'd like to buy Mary a pair of earrings.
I'd like to buy Tom a piggy bank.
I'd like to buy a Picasso.
I'd like to buy a Tatar-English picture dictionary.
I'd like to buy a birthday cake for Tom.
I'd like to buy a camera.
I'd like to buy a car.
I'd like to buy a chopping board.
I'd like to buy a couch.
I'd like to buy a dog.
I'd like to buy a dozen donuts.
I'd like to buy a dress.
I'd like to buy a drink.
I'd like to buy a good dictionary.
I'd like to buy a horse.
I'd like to buy a house in Australia.
I'd like to buy a house in Boston.
I'd like to buy a house on Park Street.
I'd like to buy a house, but I can't afford to.
I'd like to buy a house.
I'd like to buy a log cabin somewhere in Canada.
I'd like to buy a map.
I'd like to buy a new car.
I'd like to buy a new trombone.
I'd like to buy a pack of cigarettes.
I'd like to buy a pair of ski boots.
I'd like to buy a piggy bank for Tom.
I'd like to buy a present for my son. Do you have any good ideas?
I'd like to buy a refrigerator.
I'd like to buy a rice cooker.
I'd like to buy a round-trip ticket to Boston.
I'd like to buy a self-driving car.
I'd like to buy a small mirror.
I'd like to buy a ticket to Boston.
I'd like to buy a used car.
I'd like to buy a washing machine.
I'd like to buy a wooden spoon.
I'd like to buy an ice cream.
I'd like to buy an old house and renovate it.
I'd like to buy another one like this one.
I'd like to buy another one like this.
I'd like to buy everyone a round.
I'd like to buy eye drops.
I'd like to buy half a cake.
I'd like to buy it, but I can't afford the expense.
I'd like to buy it.
I'd like to buy menu of the day.
I'd like to buy one of these.
I'd like to buy one of those, but they're quite expensive.
I'd like to buy one of those.
I'd like to buy one.
I'd like to buy some apricot brandy.
I'd like to buy some apricots.
I'd like to buy some cheese.
I'd like to buy some earplugs.
I'd like to buy some pears.
I'd like to buy some stickers.
I'd like to buy some things.
I'd like to buy something for John.
I'd like to buy something in a size three.
I'd like to buy something to eat.
I'd like to buy something.
I'd like to buy that for you, but I don't have any money on me right now.
I'd like to buy that for you.
I'd like to buy that one.
I'd like to buy that, but I don't have any money.
I'd like to buy the car you're selling, but I don't have enough money right now.
I'd like to buy the house that Tom and Mary are selling.
I'd like to buy the house that Tom is selling.
I'd like to buy this computer, but it costs a fortune!
I'd like to buy this computer, but it costs an arm and a leg!
I'd like to buy this computer.
I'd like to buy this doll.
I'd like to buy this watch, but it is, unfortunately, very expensive.
I'd like to buy this watch, but unfortunately it's just too expensive.
I'd like to buy this.
I'd like to buy three of these apples.
I'd like to buy three of those scarves.
I'd like to buy two 45-cent stamps, please.
I'd like to buy two concessionary tickets.
I'd like to buy unleaded petrol.
I'd like to buy you a beer.
I'd like to buy you a drink.
I'd like to buy you dinner.
I'd like to buy you that.
I'd like to call Tom and see if he can come visit me tomorrow.
I'd like to call Tom.
I'd like to call a meeting.
I'd like to call her. Do you have her phone number?
I'd like to call him.
I'd like to call him. Do you have his phone number?
I'd like to call my family.
I'd like to call my parents.
I'd like to call the 'rents.
I'd like to call you sometime.
I'd like to cancel my appointment for June first.
I'd like to cancel my appointment for tomorrow.
I'd like to cancel my booking.
I'd like to cancel my order.
I'd like to cancel my reservation.
I'd like to cancel my subscription.
I'd like to cancel my ticket.
I'd like to cancel tomorrow's meeting.
I'd like to cash a check.
I'd like to cash a cheque.
I'd like to cash a travelers' check.
I'd like to cash this check.
I'd like to caution you against making rash decisions.
I'd like to caution you against taking rash decisions.
I'd like to celebrate that.
I'd like to change clothes.
I'd like to change my image.
I'd like to change my profession, but I lack the willpower.
I'd like to change my reservation for three to five nights.
I'd like to change my reservation from three to five nights.
I'd like to change my reservation.
I'd like to change my room.
I'd like to change my seat.
I'd like to change my ticket.
I'd like to change now.
I'd like to change seats with you.
I'd like to change some money.
I'd like to change that.
I'd like to change the date to tomorrow night.
I'd like to change the light switches first.
I'd like to change the way my room looks.
I'd like to change these pesos, please.
I'd like to change yen to dollars.
I'd like to change.
I'd like to charge my phone.
I'd like to charter a yacht.
I'd like to check in, please.
I'd like to check in.
I'd like to check it over.
I'd like to check out right now.
I'd like to check out tomorrow morning.
I'd like to check out.
I'd like to check out. Could you call the bellboy?
I'd like to check out. Do you have my bill?
I'd like to check some of my valuables.
I'd like to check yesterday's stock prices.
I'd like to check your blood pressure.
I'd like to clarify something.
I'd like to clarify that.
I'd like to clarify this.
I'd like to clean up my house before parents come back.
I'd like to climb Mt. Fuji once again.
I'd like to close early.
I'd like to close my account.
I'd like to close my savings account.
I'd like to close this chapter of my life.
I'd like to collect a lot of things, but I don't have the money, the time, nor the space.
I'd like to come along if you don't mind.
I'd like to come along.
I'd like to come and see you.
I'd like to come around to your house sometime.
I'd like to come at nine.
I'd like to come home now.
I'd like to come home.
I'd like to come over after work.
I'd like to come to see the doctor as soon as possible.
I'd like to come to your party, but I can't.
I'd like to come to your party, but unfortunately I have to be in Boston.
I'd like to come to your party.
I'd like to come too, but I'm skint, so I can't.
I'd like to come too, but I've got no money, so I can't.
I'd like to come with you.
I'd like to come, but I can't.
I'd like to come.
I'd like to comment.
I'd like to communicate with my spirit guide.
I'd like to compete, too.
I'd like to confide in you.
I'd like to confirm my booking.
I'd like to confirm my hotel reservation for October 20th.
I'd like to confirm my hotel reservation on May 5th.
I'd like to confirm my reservation for the 30th.
I'd like to confirm my reservation.
I'd like to confirm my ticket.
I'd like to confirm our booking.
I'd like to confirm our reservations.
I'd like to confirm the departure time.
I'd like to confirm the hour of departure.
I'd like to consult my family before making a decision.
I'd like to consult my family before taking a decision.
I'd like to consult with my family before making a decision.
I'd like to continue working here.
I'd like to contribute.
I'd like to cook chicken tonight.
I'd like to cooperate.
I'd like to cycle with you.
I'd like to dance with you.
I'd like to dance.
I'd like to date you.
I'd like to decorate my room with flowers.
I'd like to dedicate this next song to Tom and Mary, who got married yesterday.
I'd like to dedicate this next song to the bride and groom.
I'd like to dedicate this song to Mary.
I'd like to dedicate this song to Tom.
I'd like to dedicate this song to my mom.
I'd like to dedicate this song to my mother.
I'd like to determine the value of this painting.
I'd like to die like my grandfather, asleep, and not screaming and crying like the people he took in his car.
I'd like to die of old age.
I'd like to discuss it.
I'd like to discuss pricing with you.
I'd like to discuss some of my suggestions.
I'd like to discuss some problems we've been having.
I'd like to discuss something of importance to both of us.
I'd like to discuss something with you.
I'd like to discuss the following at the meeting.
I'd like to discuss the possibility of you coming to work for our company.
I'd like to discuss these results.
I'd like to discuss this with Tom.
I'd like to discuss this with my wife before making a decision.
I'd like to discuss this with you in more detail later.
I'd like to discuss this with you.
I'd like to discuss this with your boss.
I'd like to do a feasibility check.
I'd like to do a lot of things.
I'd like to do a neurological work-up.
I'd like to do an autopsy on this body.
I'd like to do it with you.
I'd like to do it, but unfortunately I don't have the time.
I'd like to do it.
I'd like to do more.
I'd like to do shopping on Fifth Avenue in New York.
I'd like to do some shopping tomorrow.
I'd like to do some traveling.
I'd like to do something different.
I'd like to do something else right now.
I'd like to do something else.
I'd like to do something.
I'd like to do that as much as possible while I still can.
I'd like to do that as often as I can while it's still possible.
I'd like to do that as soon as possible.
I'd like to do that for you.
I'd like to do that here.
I'd like to do that now if it's OK with you.
I'd like to do that now, but Tom would rather wait until later.
I'd like to do that now.
I'd like to do that someday.
I'd like to do that sometime.
I'd like to do that soon.
I'd like to do that this evening.
I'd like to do that today.
I'd like to do that tomorrow.
I'd like to do that with you someday.
I'd like to do that with you today, but can't.
I'd like to do that with you, but I can't today.
I'd like to do that with you.
I'd like to do that, and I might.
I'd like to do that, and I probably will.
I'd like to do that, but I can't.
I'd like to do that, but I don't have enough money.
I'd like to do that, but I don't have the time.
I'd like to do that, but I probably won't.
I'd like to do that, but unfortunately I don't have enough time.
I'd like to do that, but unfortunately I don't have the time.
I'd like to do that, too.
I'd like to do that.
I'd like to do things properly.
I'd like to do this some other time.
I'd like to do this somewhere else.
I'd like to do well on tomorrow's test.
I'd like to do what Tom is doing.
I'd like to do what you do.
I'd like to do with you but I can't afford the plane fare.
I'd like to do without commas, but 6 feels odd if it doesn't have commas.
I'd like to draw you.
I'd like to draw your attention to this.
I'd like to drink a Coke.
I'd like to drink a cup of coffee.
I'd like to drink a cup of tea.
I'd like to drink a glass of coffee.
I'd like to drink another cup of coffee.
I'd like to drink at least one more bottle of beer before I go home.
I'd like to drink beer.
I'd like to drink coffee.
I'd like to drink some herbal tea.
I'd like to drink some hot tea.
I'd like to drink some tea or coffee.
I'd like to drink some water.
I'd like to drink something hot.
I'd like to drink something.
I'd like to drive across the USA in a convertible car.
I'd like to drive across the USA in a convertible.
I'd like to drive.
I'd like to earn more money.
I'd like to earn more.
I'd like to earn my keep while I'm staying with you.
I'd like to earn some more money.
I'd like to ease Tom's pain.
I'd like to eat Nata de coco.
I'd like to eat a book.
I'd like to eat an open-face sandwich.
I'd like to eat breakfast with you.
I'd like to eat cheesecake to my heart's content at The Cheesecake Factory.
I'd like to eat curry rice for dinner tonight.
I'd like to eat curry rice for dinner.
I'd like to eat dinner with you.
I'd like to eat lunch with you.
I'd like to eat meat zongzi.
I'd like to eat now.
I'd like to eat pizza for breakfast.
I'd like to eat some ice cream.
I'd like to eat something different.
I'd like to eat something else.
I'd like to eat something light today.
I'd like to eat something light.
I'd like to eat something sweet.
I'd like to eat something that's not sweet.
I'd like to eat something, but not here.
I'd like to eat something.
I'd like to eat somewhere else.
I'd like to eat spaghetti.
I'd like to eat.
I'd like to engage in foreign trade in the future.
I'd like to enjoy my Cuban alone.
I'd like to enroll and I need help.
I'd like to enroll you as a member of our club.
I'd like to enter.
I'd like to escape.
I'd like to escort you.
I'd like to exchange money.
I'd like to exchange this book for another one.
I'd like to exchange this shirt I bought yesterday.
I'd like to exchange this shirt that I bought yesterday.
I'd like to experience a tour on a Harley Davidson.
I'd like to experience that.
I'd like to explain everything, but I don't think we have enough time.
I'd like to explain it to you, but I don't understand it myself.
I'd like to explain myself.
I'd like to explain some things for you.
I'd like to explain something.
I'd like to explain this in a little more detail.
I'd like to express my gratitude to all those who have contributed to make my sentences better.
I'd like to express my gratitude.
I'd like to extend my stay through Sunday.
I'd like to fax this to Japan.
I'd like to fax this to the Boston office.
I'd like to feel how your lips taste.
I'd like to feel that way again.
I'd like to figure out how to deal with this problem as soon as possible.
I'd like to figure out how to do that.
I'd like to file a complaint.
I'd like to find a French-speaking doctor.
I'd like to find a decent hotel that isn't too expensive.
I'd like to find a decent hotel that's not too expensive.
I'd like to find a job in Australia.
I'd like to find a job in Boston.
I'd like to find a job that I enjoy doing.
I'd like to find a reasonably-priced restaurant.
I'd like to find a way to improve my memory.
I'd like to find a woman, romantic like me, to whom I can dedicate my heart and my life.
I'd like to find out how Tom is getting along with his new boss.
I'd like to find out how this got broken.
I'd like to find out more about Boston.
I'd like to find out my bank balance.
I'd like to find out what this is.
I'd like to find out when Tom's birthday is.
I'd like to find out where Tom is.
I'd like to find out where our meeting will be.
I'd like to find out who Tom got that from.
I'd like to find out why Tom decided not to go.
I'd like to find out why Tom did that.
I'd like to find out why Tom lied to me.
I'd like to find out why it got broken.
I'd like to find somebody to take care of my children.
I'd like to find somebody to talk to.
I'd like to find someone I can be myself with.
I'd like to find somewhere quiet where I can get some sleep.
I'd like to finish the job.
I'd like to finish the work on my own.
I'd like to fire my lawyer.
I'd like to float in a boat on the lake, just the two of us.
I'd like to fly for an offshore oil company.
I'd like to fly from Miami to Chicago on American Airlines, arriving around 5 pm.
I'd like to fly there if possible.
I'd like to fly to Boston on Monday.
I'd like to forget Marika.
I'd like to forget Tom.
I'd like to forget everything that happened here today.
I'd like to forget it all.
I'd like to forget the whole thing ever happened.
I'd like to forget the whole thing.
I'd like to forget you, but I can't.
I'd like to forget you.
I'd like to forget.
I'd like to formally apologize.
I'd like to get Tom behind bars now.
I'd like to get Tom ready as soon as we can.
I'd like to get a bank loan; how do I go about that?
I'd like to get a better look at that.
I'd like to get a copy of that report.
I'd like to get a dog.
I'd like to get a female perspective on this.
I'd like to get a head start.
I'd like to get a house plant for my room, do you think it'd be easy enough to care for?
I'd like to get a little shut eye.
I'd like to get a medical examination for my two-year-old daughter.
I'd like to get a motorcycle like the one you have.
I'd like to get a new coffee table, but my boyfriend wants to keep the old one.
I'd like to get a pregnancy test.
I'd like to get a refund.
I'd like to get a second opinion.
I'd like to get a trumpet like the one Tom and Mary have.
I'd like to get a trumpet like the one Tom has.
I'd like to get a view of the ocean.
I'd like to get a washing machine.
I'd like to get a woman's perspective on this.
I'd like to get an appointment for today.
I'd like to get an early start.
I'd like to get another coffee mug.
I'd like to get another opinion.
I'd like to get away from Boston for a few days.
I'd like to get back to work.
I'd like to get better at speaking French.
I'd like to get enough sleep.
I'd like to get her point of view.
I'd like to get home before it gets dark.
I'd like to get home by five.
I'd like to get information about your hospital fee.
I'd like to get information regarding a number of questions.
I'd like to get into journalism in the future.
I'd like to get it straight from the horse's mouth.
I'd like to get married on a beach.
I'd like to get married to someone like you.
I'd like to get married.
I'd like to get medical insurance.
I'd like to get my car repainted.
I'd like to get my hair cut before I leave.
I'd like to get my hair cut before leaving.
I'd like to get off at Fifth Avenue.
I'd like to get off at the next stop.
I'd like to get off here.
I'd like to get out of here.
I'd like to get paid more.
I'd like to get part-time work in the cafeteria.
I'd like to get rid of all these things.
I'd like to get some hints, if possible.
I'd like to get some more information on this.
I'd like to get some sleep, but I can't fall asleep.
I'd like to get some sleep.
I'd like to get something to eat.
I'd like to get started right away.
I'd like to get started.
I'd like to get the meeting started.
I'd like to get the opportunity to really get to know you.
I'd like to get this prescription refilled.
I'd like to get this translated into French. Could you help me?
I'd like to get this working again.
I'd like to get three copies of this book.
I'd like to get to know Tom better.
I'd like to get to know Tom's brother better.
I'd like to get to know Tom's sister better.
I'd like to get to know Tom.
I'd like to get to know her.
I'd like to get to know him well.
I'd like to get to know him.
I'd like to get to know them.
I'd like to get to know you a bit better.
I'd like to get to know you better.
I'd like to get to know you.
I'd like to get together as soon as possible.
I'd like to get together with you before I leave for Europe.
I'd like to get together with you tonight.
I'd like to get under way as soon as possible.
I'd like to get water out of the bottle.
I'd like to get you both to help me.
I'd like to get you something for your birthday.
I'd like to get you to help me ask the teacher for time off.
I'd like to give Tom something special for his birthday.
I'd like to give it a try.
I'd like to give it to Tom.
I'd like to give it to her.
I'd like to give it to him.
I'd like to give it to them.
I'd like to give this to Tom in person.
I'd like to give this to somebody we can trust.
I'd like to give this to you, Tom.
I'd like to give you a bicycle as a present for your birthday.
I'd like to give you a piece of advice.
I'd like to give you all my heartfelt thanks for this.
I'd like to give you something.
I'd like to give you the key, but I can't.
I'd like to go a bit slower.
I'd like to go abroad one day.
I'd like to go abroad someday.
I'd like to go abroad.
I'd like to go alone.
I'd like to go along if it's OK with you.
I'd like to go and see Tom, but what good will it do?
I'd like to go around the world on a boat.
I'd like to go back to Australia.
I'd like to go back to Boston.
I'd like to go back to being a monkey.
I'd like to go back to the office.
I'd like to go back.
I'd like to go buy bread with you.
I'd like to go cycling.
I'd like to go faster.
I'd like to go fishing if possible.
I'd like to go for a swim.
I'd like to go for a walk with Emily.
I'd like to go for a walk.
I'd like to go geocaching, but I can't find my GPS.
I'd like to go home early today.
I'd like to go home if it's all the same to you.
I'd like to go home now, but I have to stay here until I finish this report.
I'd like to go home now.
I'd like to go home.
I'd like to go hunting.
I'd like to go inside.
I'd like to go now, but Tom would rather wait until later.
I'd like to go now.
I'd like to go on a date wearing my school uniform while I'm still in high school.
I'd like to go on a magic carpet ride.
I'd like to go on a picnic with her.
I'd like to go on an adventure.
I'd like to go on another cruise.
I'd like to go out stark naked in the middle of this typhoon.
I'd like to go out with Emily.
I'd like to go out with Tom.
I'd like to go out with her.
I'd like to go out with you.
I'd like to go over the information you've collected.
I'd like to go riding.
I'd like to go running.
I'd like to go see a movie.
I'd like to go shopping.
I'd like to go skiing with Tom.
I'd like to go skiing with her.
I'd like to go skiing with you.
I'd like to go skiing.
I'd like to go sledding.
I'd like to go someplace that doesn't have many people.
I'd like to go somewhere else now.
I'd like to go somewhere without many people.
I'd like to go soon.
I'd like to go swimming this afternoon.
I'd like to go swimming.
I'd like to go there someday.
I'd like to go there with you, but I don't have any money.
I'd like to go there with you.
I'd like to go there.
I'd like to go through just one day without being told I look like my brother.
I'd like to go through just one day without being told I need to grow up.
I'd like to go through life without pain.
I'd like to go to Australia again someday.
I'd like to go to Australia again.
I'd like to go to Australia in a few years.
I'd like to go to Australia one day.
I'd like to go to Australia someday.
I'd like to go to Australia sometime.
I'd like to go to Australia with Tom.
I'd like to go to Australia with you.
I'd like to go to Australia, but I don't have enough money to get there.
I'd like to go to Australia.
I'd like to go to Austria to study music.
I'd like to go to Boston again someday.
I'd like to go to Boston again.
I'd like to go to Boston as well.
I'd like to go to Boston someday.
I'd like to go to Boston with Tom.
I'd like to go to Boston with you.
I'd like to go to Boston, too.
I'd like to go to Boston.
I'd like to go to France one day.
I'd like to go to France sometime.
I'd like to go to France.
I'd like to go to Gaborone.
I'd like to go to Hawaii as well.
I'd like to go to Hawaii.
I'd like to go to Italy.
I'd like to go to London someday.
I'd like to go to London.
I'd like to go to Mary's apartment and talk to her.
I'd like to go to Paris now.
I'd like to go to Spain.
I'd like to go to Takayama during festival time.
I'd like to go to Thailand.
I'd like to go to Tom and Mary's apartment and talk to them.
I'd like to go to Tom's and talk to him.
I'd like to go to Tom's apartment and talk to him.
I'd like to go to Tom's concert.
I'd like to go to Tom's house and talk to him.
I'd like to go to Tom's place and talk to him.
I'd like to go to at least one football game before I graduate.
I'd like to go to bed early tonight.
I'd like to go to bed now.
I'd like to go to college.
I'd like to go to either Australia or New Zealand.
I'd like to go to either Boston or Chicago.
I'd like to go to my room.
I'd like to go to the beach with you.
I'd like to go to the buffet car. Which way do I have to go?
I'd like to go to the cinema with her.
I'd like to go to the cinema, but I don't have the time.
I'd like to go to the cinema, but I don't have time.
I'd like to go to the cinema.
I'd like to go to the hair salon this weekend, if I feel like it.
I'd like to go to the mall.
I'd like to go to the movies with Tom.
I'd like to go to the movies with her.
I'd like to go to the movies with you.
I'd like to go to the movies.
I'd like to go to the pictures with her.
I'd like to go to the prom, but I have to study German.
I'd like to go to the seaside with you.
I'd like to go to the store with you to get bread.
I'd like to go to the zoo.
I'd like to go to university.
I'd like to go with Tom.
I'd like to go with her.
I'd like to go with him.
I'd like to go with them.
I'd like to go with you guys.
I'd like to go with you if you don't mind.
I'd like to go with you, but I can't.
I'd like to go with you, but I don't think I can.
I'd like to go with you, but I really can't.
I'd like to go with you, but I'm broke.
I'd like to go with you, but as it is I can't.
I'd like to go with you.
I'd like to go, but I just don't have the time.
I'd like to go, only I've got a cold.
I'd like to go, too.
I'd like to go.
I'd like to graduate next spring.
I'd like to handle this in my own way.
I'd like to hang out with you tonight.
I'd like to hang out with you.
I'd like to have Sex on the Beach. Please don't misunderstand me! I'm speaking about a drink.
I'd like to have Tom and Mary over for dinner.
I'd like to have Tom over for dinner.
I'd like to have a Caesarian operation.
I'd like to have a Pap smear done.
I'd like to have a better memory.
I'd like to have a car.
I'd like to have a cat.
I'd like to have a coffee.
I'd like to have a consultation about getting braces.
I'd like to have a few minutes alone with Tom.
I'd like to have a girl the first time. Look, they say 'First a girl, then a boy' don't they?
I'd like to have a girlfriend before Christmas.
I'd like to have a glass of water.
I'd like to have a glass of wine.
I'd like to have a good talk with her.
I'd like to have a knife.
I'd like to have a little chat with you.
I'd like to have a little talk with you.
I'd like to have a look at it.
I'd like to have a look at your stamp collection.
I'd like to have a medical examination.
I'd like to have a one-on-one session with the president to discuss our strategy going forward.
I'd like to have a pint of Guinness.
I'd like to have a room of my own.
I'd like to have a room with a nice view.
I'd like to have a seat by the window, please.
I'd like to have a single room with a bath for two nights.
I'd like to have a spoon.
I'd like to have a talk with your son.
I'd like to have a test for breast cancer.
I'd like to have a window seat, please.
I'd like to have a word with Tom.
I'd like to have a word with you about what happened yesterday.
I'd like to have a word with you on another matter.
I'd like to have a word with you.
I'd like to have an answer.
I'd like to have an early night tonight.
I'd like to have an interview with your father about the matter.
I'd like to have an intra-uterine device.
I'd like to have another cup of coffee.
I'd like to have another look.
I'd like to have both.
I'd like to have breakfast with you.
I'd like to have breakfast.
I'd like to have cake for dessert.
I'd like to have cheesecake for dessert.
I'd like to have children with you one day.
I'd like to have children.
I'd like to have dinner with you sometime.
I'd like to have dinner with you tonight.
I'd like to have dinner with you.
I'd like to have her teeth straightened.
I'd like to have ice cream for dessert.
I'd like to have ketchup on the side.
I'd like to have kids.
I'd like to have lunch with you.
I'd like to have meat for supper this evening.
I'd like to have more time to talk to you.
I'd like to have more time to talk with you.
I'd like to have mustard on the side.
I'd like to have my blood examined.
I'd like to have my essay proofread by a native speaker.
I'd like to have my hair trimmed.
I'd like to have my own company someday.
I'd like to have my picture taken, please.
I'd like to have my teeth cleaner.
I'd like to have one of those.
I'd like to have smaller bills mixed in.
I'd like to have some cigars.
I'd like to have some hot chocolate.
I'd like to have some hot soup.
I'd like to have some more mashed potatoes.
I'd like to have some pancakes now.
I'd like to have some time alone with Tom.
I'd like to have some time alone.
I'd like to have some water.
I'd like to have someone like that in my life.
I'd like to have something to eat.
I'd like to have something to munch on with my beer.
I'd like to have straight teeth.
I'd like to have tea instead of coffee.
I'd like to have that gift wrapped.
I'd like to have the sauce on the side, please.
I'd like to have the translation of this song.
I'd like to have these pants cleaned.
I'd like to have this camera.
I'd like to have this fabric dyed.
I'd like to have this film processed.
I'd like to have this meat dish with your best white wine.
I'd like to have this parcel registered.
I'd like to have this suit cleaned.
I'd like to have you guys drop by for a meeting.
I'd like to have you on our team.
I'd like to have you over for dinner sometime.
I'd like to have your answer right away.
I'd like to hear Tom sing.
I'd like to hear Tom's opinion as well.
I'd like to hear Tom's opinion at least once before we come to a conclusion.
I'd like to hear Tom's opinion.
I'd like to hear a lot more about your trip.
I'd like to hear a story.
I'd like to hear about black magic. I was only told the highlights in the academy, and it interests me.
I'd like to hear exactly how Tom managed to get that old car running again.
I'd like to hear from Tom.
I'd like to hear from her.
I'd like to hear from him.
I'd like to hear from them.
I'd like to hear from you.
I'd like to hear more about Tom.
I'd like to hear more about that.
I'd like to hear more about you.
I'd like to hear more about your theory.
I'd like to hear more from Tom.
I'd like to hear more.
I'd like to hear other people's different thoughts.
I'd like to hear that from Tom.
I'd like to hear that from her.
I'd like to hear that from him.
I'd like to hear that from them.
I'd like to hear that song again.
I'd like to hear that.
I'd like to hear the facts.
I'd like to hear the reason that you did that.
I'd like to hear the whole story.
I'd like to hear what Tom thinks.
I'd like to hear what you have to say on this.
I'd like to hear what you think.
I'd like to hear what your opinion is.
I'd like to hear you play the clarinet.
I'd like to hear you play the piano.
I'd like to hear you sing your new song.
I'd like to hear you sing.
I'd like to hear you talk more about that.
I'd like to hear your advice.
I'd like to hear your decision.
I'd like to hear your opinion.
I'd like to hear your version of what happened.
I'd like to help Tom if I can.
I'd like to help Tom prove it.
I'd like to help Tom, but I don't know how.
I'd like to help a very special person for me.
I'd like to help as much as I can.
I'd like to help her if I can.
I'd like to help her prove it.
I'd like to help her, but I don't know how.
I'd like to help her.
I'd like to help him and his whole family.
I'd like to help him if I can.
I'd like to help him prove it.
I'd like to help him, but I don't know how.
I'd like to help him.
I'd like to help if I can.
I'd like to help someone very special.
I'd like to help them if I can.
I'd like to help them prove it.
I'd like to help too.
I'd like to help you get what you need.
I'd like to help you if I can.
I'd like to help you reach your goals.
I'd like to help you, but I can't right now.
I'd like to help you, but I can't.
I'd like to help you, but I can't; the obstacles are insurmountable.
I'd like to help you, but I have problems of my own right now.
I'd like to help you, but I'm a bit busy right now.
I'd like to help you.
I'd like to help your family.
I'd like to help your whole family.
I'd like to help, but I can't.
I'd like to help, but I don't know how.
I'd like to help, but I think I'd just get in your way.
I'd like to help, but I've got a plane to catch.
I'd like to help, but I've got an important meeting to attend.
I'd like to help.
I'd like to hide somewhere.
I'd like to hire a bicycle.
I'd like to hire a boat.
I'd like to hire a car.
I'd like to hire a rowing boat.
I'd like to hire a small car.
I'd like to hire someone who speaks French.
I'd like to hire you as a consultant.
I'd like to hire you to paint a portrait of me.
I'd like to hire you.
I'd like to hire your cheapest car for a week.
I'd like to hold a staff meeting first thing tomorrow afternoon, so could you reserve the conference room?
I'd like to hug you naked.
I'd like to hug you.
I'd like to improve my Cebuano.
I'd like to improve my English skills.
I'd like to improve my French pronunciation.
I'd like to improve my French.
I'd like to improve my Hungarian skills.
I'd like to improve my Hungarian.
I'd like to improve my Spanish.
I'd like to improve myself.
I'd like to insure my luggage.
I'd like to insure this, please.
I'd like to interview Tom.
I'd like to interview her.
I'd like to interview him.
I'd like to interview them.
I'd like to introduce Tom to Mary.
I'd like to introduce a friend to you.
I'd like to introduce my good friend Luis.
I'd like to introduce my good friend, Tom.
I'd like to introduce myself briefly.
I'd like to introduce some friends of mine.
I'd like to introduce to you the gentleman I told you about the other day.
I'd like to introduce you to Tom.
I'd like to introduce you to a friend of mine.
I'd like to introduce you to my boss.
I'd like to introduce you to my father.
I'd like to introduce you to my friend.
I'd like to introduce you to my parents.
I'd like to introduce you to my wife.
I'd like to introduce you to one of my friends.
I'd like to introduce you to some of my friends.
I'd like to introduce you to the world-famous Ziri Yazid.
I'd like to invite you to a homemade pizza dinner.
I'd like to invite you to dinner.
I'd like to invite you to lunch, if you're not busy.
I'd like to invite you to my favourite café. It’s a nice, relaxing place with a good vibe.
I'd like to invite you to the party.
I'd like to join a night bus tour.
I'd like to join the club.
I'd like to join you.
I'd like to join your group.
I'd like to keep doing this.
I'd like to keep expenses down.
I'd like to keep going.
I'd like to keep it that way.
I'd like to keep the car there.
I'd like to keep these documents for the time being.
I'd like to keep trying.
I'd like to keep working here.
I'd like to kiss Mary.
I'd like to kiss you.
I'd like to kiss your cheeks.
I'd like to know Tom better.
I'd like to know Tom's whereabouts.
I'd like to know a little bit more about you.
I'd like to know as well.
I'd like to know exactly how much money is in my account.
I'd like to know for sure.
I'd like to know her name.
I'd like to know his name.
I'd like to know how Tom and Mary do that.
I'd like to know how Tom did that.
I'd like to know how Tom does that.
I'd like to know how Tom got a hold of our private documents.
I'd like to know how Tom got there.
I'd like to know how Tom responded.
I'd like to know how long I should continue doing this.
I'd like to know how long Tom plans to be in Australia.
I'd like to know how long Tom plans to be in Boston.
I'd like to know how long Tom plans to stay here.
I'd like to know how long you plan to be in Australia.
I'd like to know how long you plan to be in Boston.
I'd like to know how long you plan to stay here.
I'd like to know how long you plan to stay in Australia.
I'd like to know how much money there is in my account.
I'd like to know how much the meal was because I'd like to pay my half.
I'd like to know how much you know.
I'd like to know how old Tom is.
I'd like to know how old she is.
I'd like to know how the body absorbs these substances.
I'd like to know how this stand-off came about.
I'd like to know how to paint like that.
I'd like to know how to send money to France.
I'd like to know how to swim.
I'd like to know how you did that.
I'd like to know how you got my number.
I'd like to know how you got my phone number.
I'd like to know if I can write "One plus one equals three." on Tatoeba.
I'd like to know if Tom has been here.
I'd like to know if he's arrived.
I'd like to know if she's arrived.
I'd like to know if that's true.
I'd like to know if the train is on time.
I'd like to know if they have arrived.
I'd like to know if this sentence sounds natural to a native speaker.
I'd like to know if you understand this.
I'd like to know more about Australia.
I'd like to know more about Boston.
I'd like to know more about Tom.
I'd like to know more about it.
I'd like to know more about that.
I'd like to know more about this disease.
I'd like to know more about this place.
I'd like to know more about this.
I'd like to know more about what happened at today's meeting.
I'd like to know more about what happened to Tom.
I'd like to know more about what happened.
I'd like to know more about you.
I'd like to know more languages.
I'd like to know more.
I'd like to know something.
I'd like to know that as well.
I'd like to know that too.
I'd like to know that, too.
I'd like to know the answer.
I'd like to know the exact exchange rate for yen.
I'd like to know the exact time.
I'd like to know the name of this movie.
I'd like to know the phone number of the nearest American Express office.
I'd like to know the reason why Tom and Mary aren't here.
I'd like to know the reason why Tom isn't here.
I'd like to know the reason why you did that.
I'd like to know the reason why you weren't there.
I'd like to know the reason why.
I'd like to know the reason.
I'd like to know the rest of the story.
I'd like to know the truth.
I'd like to know their names.
I'd like to know today.
I'd like to know two foreign languages.
I'd like to know what I did wrong.
I'd like to know what I should be doing now.
I'd like to know what I should be doing.
I'd like to know what I'm supposed to do.
I'd like to know what Tom and Mary are up to.
I'd like to know what Tom is planning to do this afternoon.
I'd like to know what Tom is up to.
I'd like to know what Tom was doing in the basement all day.
I'd like to know what happened to Tom.
I'd like to know what happened to you.
I'd like to know what happened.
I'd like to know what it is that he does.
I'd like to know what it is.
I'd like to know what my role is.
I'd like to know what this is all about.
I'd like to know what time I need to be here tomorrow.
I'd like to know what time you plan on doing that.
I'd like to know what time you plan to do that.
I'd like to know what time you're planning on doing that.
I'd like to know what time you're planning to do that.
I'd like to know what you intend to do now.
I'd like to know what you mean.
I'd like to know what you plan to do.
I'd like to know what you talked about.
I'd like to know what you think about it.
I'd like to know what you think.
I'd like to know what you're doing.
I'd like to know what you're planning on doing.
I'd like to know what you're planning to do.
I'd like to know what your opinion is.
I'd like to know what's behind it.
I'd like to know what's going on.
I'd like to know what's going to happen here this afternoon.
I'd like to know what's going to happen.
I'd like to know what's happening here.
I'd like to know when Tom left.
I'd like to know when the best moment is to quit a job.
I'd like to know when this building was built.
I'd like to know when you can send it out.
I'd like to know when you plan to give me back the scissors I lent you.
I'd like to know when you'll be able to send it.
I'd like to know when you'll do that.
I'd like to know where I can buy a ticket.
I'd like to know where I left my umbrella.
I'd like to know where Tom and Mary are.
I'd like to know where Tom and Mary live.
I'd like to know where Tom comes from.
I'd like to know where Tom hid his key.
I'd like to know where Tom hid the key.
I'd like to know where Tom is.
I'd like to know where Tom lives.
I'd like to know where Tom works.
I'd like to know where he was.
I'd like to know where that school is.
I'd like to know where they are.
I'd like to know where you are.
I'd like to know where you bought that.
I'd like to know where you learned how to do that.
I'd like to know where you stand.
I'd like to know where you were.
I'd like to know where your school is.
I'd like to know whether you'd like to go to Australia with us or not.
I'd like to know whether you'd like to go to Boston with us or not.
I'd like to know which he likes.
I'd like to know which one you want.
I'd like to know who Tom said that to.
I'd like to know who Tom said was going to do that.
I'd like to know who did that.
I'd like to know who did this.
I'd like to know who donated the money.
I'd like to know who helped him.
I'd like to know who it was who did this.
I'd like to know who leaked the story to the papers.
I'd like to know who my parents are.
I'd like to know who that guy standing over there is.
I'd like to know who that phone call was from.
I'd like to know who those people are.
I'd like to know who took those pictures.
I'd like to know who was here last night.
I'd like to know who you gave that to.
I'd like to know why I need to do that.
I'd like to know why I should do that.
I'd like to know why I shouldn't do that.
I'd like to know why Mary didn't do what she said she'd do.
I'd like to know why Mary didn't do what she was supposed to do.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary aren't doing that.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary aren't going to help us.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary aren't happy.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary aren't helping us.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary aren't here today.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary aren't here.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary didn't do what they said they'd do.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary didn't do what they were supposed to do.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary have to do that.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary need to do that.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary want to do that.
I'd like to know why Tom bought one of those.
I'd like to know why Tom did that.
I'd like to know why Tom didn't do that.
I'd like to know why Tom didn't do what he said he was going to do.
I'd like to know why Tom didn't do what he said he'd do.
I'd like to know why Tom didn't do what he was supposed to do.
I'd like to know why Tom didn't go to the concert.
I'd like to know why Tom didn't win.
I'd like to know why Tom doesn't like Mary.
I'd like to know why Tom doesn't like me.
I'd like to know why Tom had to do that.
I'd like to know why Tom has to do that.
I'd like to know why Tom hit Mary.
I'd like to know why Tom isn't doing that.
I'd like to know why Tom isn't going to do that.
I'd like to know why Tom isn't going to help us.
I'd like to know why Tom isn't happy.
I'd like to know why Tom isn't helping us.
I'd like to know why Tom isn't here today.
I'd like to know why Tom isn't here.
I'd like to know why Tom left early.
I'd like to know why Tom needed to do that.
I'd like to know why Tom needs to do that.
I'd like to know why Tom should do that.
I'd like to know why Tom shouldn't do that.
I'd like to know why Tom wanted to do that.
I'd like to know why Tom wants to do that.
I'd like to know why Tom wasn't there.
I'd like to know why Tom went to Boston.
I'd like to know why Tom won't do that.
I'd like to know why Tom won't help us.
I'd like to know why eggs are sold by the dozen.
I'd like to know why my name was deleted from the list.
I'd like to know why no one has adopted that sentence yet.
I'd like to know why no one has taken ownership of that sentence yet.
I'd like to know why they're here.
I'd like to know why they're there.
I'd like to know why this is happening.
I'd like to know why women live longer than men.
I'd like to know why you did it.
I'd like to know why you did that.
I'd like to know why you did what you did.
I'd like to know why you didn't do that.
I'd like to know why you didn't do what I asked you to do.
I'd like to know why you didn't do what you said you'd do.
I'd like to know why you didn't finish your homework on time.
I'd like to know why you didn't just wait for Tom.
I'd like to know why you didn't obey me, Anne.
I'd like to know why you didn't obey me.
I'd like to know why you didn't wait for me.
I'd like to know why you want to do that.
I'd like to know why you were late.
I'd like to know why you weren't here yesterday.
I'd like to know why you're crying.
I'd like to know why you're here.
I'd like to know why you're unhappy.
I'd like to know why.
I'd like to know you better.
I'd like to know you biblically.
I'd like to know your opinion.
I'd like to know, too.
I'd like to know.
I'd like to learn Berber.
I'd like to learn Finnish.
I'd like to learn French in Paris.
I'd like to learn French.
I'd like to learn German.
I'd like to learn Hungarian.
I'd like to learn Lithuanian, Latvian, and Estonian.
I'd like to learn Russian, but my friends tell me it's difficult.
I'd like to learn about it.
I'd like to learn all the European languages.
I'd like to learn how to arrange flowers.
I'd like to learn how to order food in French.
I'd like to learn how to play the banjo.
I'd like to learn how to play the guitar.
I'd like to learn how to ski.
I'd like to learn how to swim.
I'd like to learn more about Berbers.
I'd like to learn more about the Berber language.
I'd like to learn more about this.
I'd like to learn more about your company.
I'd like to learn that language, but I have no practical reason to do so.
I'd like to learn that language, but I have no practical reason to.
I'd like to learn the Berber alphabet.
I'd like to learn the Berber language.
I'd like to learn the Latvian language.
I'd like to learn to play the harp.
I'd like to learn to play the piano, the guitar or the flute.
I'd like to learn to swim.
I'd like to learn.
I'd like to leave a message for Tom.
I'd like to leave a message.
I'd like to leave a review.
I'd like to leave early.
I'd like to leave feedback.
I'd like to leave my dog here with you.
I'd like to leave my suitcase here.
I'd like to leave now.
I'd like to leave soon.
I'd like to leave the city and rediscover nature.
I'd like to leave the windows open.
I'd like to leave this book with you.
I'd like to leave this town and never come back.
I'd like to leave this town and never return.
I'd like to leave.
I'd like to lie down for a few minutes.
I'd like to lie down.
I'd like to lift some money from the account.
I'd like to listen to jazz.
I'd like to listen to music.
I'd like to listen to pop music.
I'd like to live a quiet life in the country after I retire.
I'd like to live a quiet life in the country after retirement.
I'd like to live here.
I'd like to live in Australia someday.
I'd like to live in Australia.
I'd like to live in Boston for the rest of my life.
I'd like to live in Boston someday.
I'd like to live in Boston.
I'd like to live in Brazil.
I'd like to live in China.
I'd like to live in Europe someday.
I'd like to live in Europe.
I'd like to live in Italy.
I'd like to live in New York.
I'd like to live in Rome someday.
I'd like to live in a French-speaking country.
I'd like to live in a better neighborhood.
I'd like to live in a country where Hammurabi's Code was the law of the land.
I'd like to live in a decent house.
I'd like to live in a quiet city with a lot of parks.
I'd like to live in a warmer climate.
I'd like to live in that house.
I'd like to live in the country.
I'd like to live in the countryside.
I'd like to live in the suburbs of Boston.
I'd like to live in the suburbs of Kobe.
I'd like to live near a beach.
I'd like to live near the beach.
I'd like to live near your house.
I'd like to live on a farm.
I'd like to live on the first floor.
I'd like to live somewhere else.
I'd like to live somewhere that doesn't have mosquitoes.
I'd like to live somewhere where I can walk to work.
I'd like to live with mom and dad.
I'd like to look at that chart.
I'd like to look at that graph.
I'd like to look at that more closely.
I'd like to look at the wine list.
I'd like to look at those pictures again.
I'd like to look inside.
I'd like to look like Tom.
I'd like to look like her.
I'd like to look things over.
I'd like to lose a few pounds.
I'd like to lose a little weight.
I'd like to lose some weight.
I'd like to lose thirty pounds.
I'd like to mail this package to Australia.
I'd like to mail this package to Canada.
I'd like to make a booking for 6 o'clock tomorrow.
I'd like to make a call to Australia.
I'd like to make a call to Japan.
I'd like to make a call to Tokyo, Japan. The number is 3202-5625.
I'd like to make a call.
I'd like to make a collect call to Boston.
I'd like to make a collect call to Japan.
I'd like to make a collect call to Los Angeles.
I'd like to make a complaint.
I'd like to make a couple of suggestions.
I'd like to make a person-to-person call to Japan.
I'd like to make a person-to-person call to Mrs. Richards.
I'd like to make a phone call.
I'd like to make a reservation for 6 o'clock tomorrow.
I'd like to make a reservation for 6 p.m. tomorrow.
I'd like to make a reservation for next Monday.
I'd like to make a reservation for the express train that leaves at 6:00 p.m.
I'd like to make a reservation for this weekend.
I'd like to make a reservation for tonight.
I'd like to make a reservation to play golf tomorrow.
I'd like to make a reservation.
I'd like to make a speech.
I'd like to make a statement.
I'd like to make a suggestion.
I'd like to make a toast to Tom and Mary.
I'd like to make a toast.
I'd like to make a tour of famous sites in London tomorrow.
I'd like to make amends.
I'd like to make an announcement, everyone.
I'd like to make an announcement.
I'd like to make an appointment for a cleaning.
I'd like to make an appointment for a haircut.
I'd like to make an appointment for a permanent.
I'd like to make an appointment for a shampoo and a set.
I'd like to make an appointment for fluoride treatments for my son.
I'd like to make an appointment for my three-year-old son.
I'd like to make an appointment for the day after tomorrow.
I'd like to make an appointment for tomorrow.
I'd like to make an appointment on Monday, sometime after 2:30.
I'd like to make an appointment to see the doctor.
I'd like to make an appointment with Dr. King.
I'd like to make an appointment.
I'd like to make an overseas call.
I'd like to make it clear that I will not change my mind.
I'd like to make more money.
I'd like to make myself useful.
I'd like to make reservations for dinner tomorrow.
I'd like to make some changes in the draft.
I'd like to make sure of the time.
I'd like to make sure there's no misunderstanding.
I'd like to make use of this opportunity to thank you.
I'd like to make you a proposal.
I'd like to marry Tom again.
I'd like to marry a girl who likes to play video games.
I'd like to marry someone like her.
I'd like to marry you.
I'd like to master English.
I'd like to master the Finnish language.
I'd like to meet Tom as soon as possible.
I'd like to meet Tom if I could.
I'd like to meet Tom someday.
I'd like to meet Tom sometime.
I'd like to meet Tom's father.
I'd like to meet Tom's parents.
I'd like to meet Tom's sister.
I'd like to meet Tom, too.
I'd like to meet Tom.
I'd like to meet her father.
I'd like to meet her in person.
I'd like to meet her someday.
I'd like to meet her.
I'd like to meet him someday.
I'd like to meet him.
I'd like to meet his father.
I'd like to meet some of your friends.
I'd like to meet some people from Tatoeba in person.
I'd like to meet the person who cooked this meal.
I'd like to meet them some day.
I'd like to meet them someday.
I'd like to meet them.
I'd like to meet with Tom.
I'd like to meet with her.
I'd like to meet you either on the morning of April 5 or on the afternoon of April 6.
I'd like to meet you the day after tomorrow instead of tomorrow.
I'd like to meet you this afternoon.
I'd like to meet you tomorrow morning if possible.
I'd like to meet you tomorrow or the day after tomorrow.
I'd like to meet you tomorrow or the day after.
I'd like to meet you tomorrow.
I'd like to meet you.
I'd like to meet your family someday.
I'd like to meet your family.
I'd like to meet your older sister.
I'd like to mention one more thing.
I'd like to move back into the apartment building where I used to live.
I'd like to move to Australia.
I'd like to move to Boston.
I'd like to move to the country.
I'd like to move to the countryside.
I'd like to offer a proposal.
I'd like to offer my apologies for being so indelicate.
I'd like to offer you a job.
I'd like to offer you some help.
I'd like to offer you your job back.
I'd like to open a bank account, please.
I'd like to open a bank account.
I'd like to open a checking account.
I'd like to open a current account.
I'd like to open a restaurant in this neighborhood someday.
I'd like to open a savings account.
I'd like to open an account.
I'd like to open the window; I need some air.
I'd like to order a large pepperoni pizza.
I'd like to order a pizza.
I'd like to order a salad.
I'd like to order drinks now.
I'd like to order food.
I'd like to order now.
I'd like to order something now.
I'd like to order the same.
I'd like to order you a meal, by way of thanks.
I'd like to organize a block party.
I'd like to overcome all my fears.
I'd like to own a business.
I'd like to page someone.
I'd like to paint my room off white.
I'd like to paint you.
I'd like to park my car over there.
I'd like to part with her if I could.
I'd like to participate in the WhatsApp Group.
I'd like to participate.
I'd like to pay by check.
I'd like to pay by cheque.
I'd like to pay by credit card.
I'd like to pay cash.
I'd like to pay cash. Is breakfast included in the price?
I'd like to pay for the repairs.
I'd like to pay for this with my Visa card.
I'd like to pay in cash.
I'd like to pay in cash. Is breakfast included in the price?
I'd like to pay later.
I'd like to pay my bill, please.
I'd like to pay the check, please.
I'd like to pay with a credit card.
I'd like to pay with my credit card instead.
I'd like to pay you back.
I'd like to pay.
I'd like to perform at Carnegie Hall someday.
I'd like to personally thank you.
I'd like to phone the parents.
I'd like to pick French up again at some point.
I'd like to pick it up again at some point.
I'd like to pick up where we left off before your wife called.
I'd like to pick you up now.
I'd like to place a person-to-person call to Chicago.
I'd like to place an order for the book with the publishing company.
I'd like to play a game of golf.
I'd like to play a game of ping-pong.
I'd like to play a game of squash.
I'd like to play golf.
I'd like to play ping pong nude again.
I'd like to play tennis with Tom someday.
I'd like to play tennis with you some day.
I'd like to play tennis with you.
I'd like to play tennis.
I'd like to play, but I'm such a huge mug I'm afraid I won't be competitive, so it won't be fun.
I'd like to point out some problems regarding your suggestion.
I'd like to point out that this could become a problem in the future.
I'd like to point out this could become a problem in the future.
I'd like to practice speaking French with a native speaker.
I'd like to practice speaking French with native speakers.
I'd like to press charges.
I'd like to prolong my stay in America.
I'd like to propose a toast.
I'd like to propose something.
I'd like to purchase a puppy for my daughter.
I'd like to put my belongings away.
I'd like to put my valuables in a safe deposit box, if any are available.
I'd like to put on some clothes.
I'd like to put some money into my account.
I'd like to put some things in the hotel safe.
I'd like to put something in the hotel safe.
I'd like to put the past behind us.
I'd like to question Tom.
I'd like to question her.
I'd like to question him.
I'd like to question them.
I'd like to quit.
I'd like to re-establish a dialogue with her.
I'd like to read a little.
I'd like to read it.
I'd like to read more about that.
I'd like to read some books about the Beatles.
I'd like to read surrealist writing in French.
I'd like to read surrealist writing in my target language.
I'd like to read that report.
I'd like to read the newspaper as soon as you finish with it.
I'd like to read the newspaper as soon as you're finished with it.
I'd like to read your new book.
I'd like to really dig into this topic.
I'd like to reconfirm my flight.
I'd like to reconfirm my reservation.
I'd like to record my record.
I'd like to relax and take it easy for a while.
I'd like to remain anonymous.
I'd like to remain friends.
I'd like to remain here.
I'd like to remind everyone to vote.
I'd like to remind you that you're under oath.
I'd like to renovate the house.
I'd like to rent a bus.
I'd like to rent a car for three days.
I'd like to rent a car, please.
I'd like to rent a car.
I'd like to rent a compact car.
I'd like to rent a flat with two rooms.
I'd like to rent a flat.
I'd like to rent a house.
I'd like to rent a larger apartment.
I'd like to rent a motorboat.
I'd like to rent a regular car.
I'd like to rent a two-room apartment.
I'd like to rent a two-room flat.
I'd like to rent skis and ski boots.
I'd like to rent your most inexpensive car for a week.
I'd like to rent your most inexpensive car.
I'd like to repair our relationship.
I'd like to replace it.
I'd like to report a crime.
I'd like to report a felony in progress.
I'd like to report a grand theft auto.
I'd like to report a theft.
I'd like to report the theft of a car.
I'd like to request a transfer.
I'd like to reserve a flight to Vancouver.
I'd like to reserve a hotel room.
I'd like to reserve a private compartment.
I'd like to reserve a room in a hotel.
I'd like to reserve a seat on this train.
I'd like to reserve a seat.
I'd like to reserve a single room on June 3.
I'd like to reserve a single room.
I'd like to reserve a sleeping berth.
I'd like to reserve a table for four at six.
I'd like to reserve a table for three.
I'd like to reserve a table for two.
I'd like to reserve a table.
I'd like to respond to that.
I'd like to rest for a while.
I'd like to rest.
I'd like to retire in Australia.
I'd like to return a car.
I'd like to return home.
I'd like to return it.
I'd like to return these pants because they're too big for me.
I'd like to return this book.
I'd like to return this.
I'd like to return to Australia someday.
I'd like to return to Boston someday.
I'd like to return to Tokyo via Honolulu.
I'd like to return to work.
I'd like to return what is yours.
I'd like to ride along with you.
I'd like to ride the cable car, but I'm afraid of heights.
I'd like to ride your new bike.
I'd like to room with Tom.
I'd like to run a big stock farm.
I'd like to run a few more tests.
I'd like to sail around the world.
I'd like to say "goodbye" and "thank you" in Esperanto. Can you help me out?
I'd like to say a few words by way of apology.
I'd like to say a few words.
I'd like to say a word of thanks to all those gentlemen and ladies whose care I have been in.
I'd like to say a word or two about that.
I'd like to say goodbye.
I'd like to say it's been fun being here, but it hasn't.
I'd like to say it's been fun working here, but it hasn't.
I'd like to say something appropriate, but I'm not sure what I should say.
I'd like to say something.
I'd like to say that I understand it all very well, but this kind of thing can only be understood by someone who has felt it on his own skin.
I'd like to say they're wrong.
I'd like to say three sentences about that.
I'd like to say yes, but I can't.
I'd like to say yes, but...
I'd like to say yes.
I'd like to schedule an appointment for tomorrow.
I'd like to schedule an appointment with Dr. Jackson.
I'd like to schedule an appointment.
I'd like to see Mr Kosugi.
I'd like to see Terry Tate.
I'd like to see Tom again someday.
I'd like to see Tom again.
I'd like to see Tom and Mary do that.
I'd like to see Tom and Mary get along with each other.
I'd like to see Tom at 2:30.
I'd like to see Tom do that.
I'd like to see Tom first.
I'd like to see Tom if possible.
I'd like to see Tom immediately.
I'd like to see Tom now.
I'd like to see Tom one more time.
I'd like to see Tom tomorrow.
I'd like to see Tom try doing that.
I'd like to see Tom try to do that.
I'd like to see Tom win.
I'd like to see Tom, please.
I'd like to see Tom.
I'd like to see a doctor.
I'd like to see a play for my birthday.
I'd like to see a play. Do you have any information?
I'd like to see a volcano erupt.
I'd like to see a volcano.
I'd like to see another race.
I'd like to see both you and Tom tomorrow.
I'd like to see her again.
I'd like to see her at 2:30.
I'd like to see her back.
I'd like to see her first.
I'd like to see her now.
I'd like to see her win.
I'd like to see her.
I'd like to see him at 2:30.
I'd like to see him first.
I'd like to see him now.
I'd like to see him tomorrow afternoon.
I'd like to see him win.
I'd like to see him.
I'd like to see it again.
I'd like to see it as well.
I'd like to see it in any case.
I'd like to see it, please.
I'd like to see it.
I'd like to see more of you.
I'd like to see more.
I'd like to see my art teacher this afternoon.
I'd like to see my kids again.
I'd like to see my parents.
I'd like to see my son.
I'd like to see rainbow pasta, but I don't think I'd want to eat it.
I'd like to see some action.
I'd like to see some dancing. Do you have any information?
I'd like to see some proof.
I'd like to see somebody do that.
I'd like to see someone do better.
I'd like to see someone do that.
I'd like to see that changed.
I'd like to see that contract.
I'd like to see that film.
I'd like to see that happen again.
I'd like to see that happen.
I'd like to see that in black and white.
I'd like to see that movie.
I'd like to see that ring, please.
I'd like to see that.
I'd like to see the Pentagon dismantled.
I'd like to see the Statue of Liberty.
I'd like to see the agreement.
I'd like to see the budget.
I'd like to see the car before I hire it.
I'd like to see the car before I rent it.
I'd like to see the doctor soon.
I'd like to see the doctor.
I'd like to see the earth from space one day.
I'd like to see the end of my life.
I'd like to see the evidence.
I'd like to see the festival.
I'd like to see the flat you live in.
I'd like to see the latest movie with Brad Pitt.
I'd like to see the menu.
I'd like to see the ocean, too.
I'd like to see the principal.
I'd like to see the room.
I'd like to see the sixth "Harry Potter" movie.
I'd like to see the sixth film of Harry Potter.
I'd like to see the sixth movie of Harry Potter.
I'd like to see them again.
I'd like to see them at 2:30.
I'd like to see them both.
I'd like to see them first.
I'd like to see them now.
I'd like to see them win.
I'd like to see them.
I'd like to see this film.
I'd like to see those reports.
I'd like to see what I'm buying.
I'd like to see what Tom can do.
I'd like to see what Tom has.
I'd like to see what happens.
I'd like to see what would happen if you tried to kiss Tom.
I'd like to see what you have in your hand.
I'd like to see what you're capable of.
I'd like to see what's going on.
I'd like to see you again next week.
I'd like to see you again someday.
I'd like to see you again tomorrow.
I'd like to see you again.
I'd like to see you all naked.
I'd like to see you at 2:30.
I'd like to see you before I leave for Australia.
I'd like to see you before I leave for Boston.
I'd like to see you before I leave for Europe.
I'd like to see you before leaving for Europe.
I'd like to see you do that.
I'd like to see you do this.
I'd like to see you first.
I'd like to see you hanged.
I'd like to see you if possible.
I'd like to see you in my office.
I'd like to see you in my room.
I'd like to see you more often.
I'd like to see you now.
I'd like to see you sometime tomorrow.
I'd like to see you there.
I'd like to see you this afternoon.
I'd like to see you tomorrow.
I'd like to see you try it.
I'd like to see you try to do this.
I'd like to see you when you are free.
I'd like to see you when you're free.
I'd like to see you, please.
I'd like to see you.
I'd like to see your father.
I'd like to see your new trumpet.
I'd like to see your products.
I'd like to see your sister.
I'd like to see your ticket, please.
I'd like to see your warrant.
I'd like to sell my books!
I'd like to sell my car for as much as possible.
I'd like to sell these.
I'd like to sell three of my guitars. Would you like to buy one?
I'd like to send a cable to Japan.
I'd like to send a coded message to Tom.
I'd like to send a congratulations card to Madonna for the birth of her baby girl.
I'd like to send a fax.
I'd like to send a package to Australia.
I'd like to send a registered letter.
I'd like to send a telegram.
I'd like to send my dress to a dry cleaner.
I'd like to send these to Japan.
I'd like to send this airmail.
I'd like to send this by registered mail.
I'd like to send this letter to Australia.
I'd like to send this luggage to Australia.
I'd like to send this package by registered mail.
I'd like to send this package to Australia.
I'd like to send this package to Canada.
I'd like to send this package to Japan.
I'd like to send this parcel to Japan by sea.
I'd like to send this postcard to Australia.
I'd like to send this postcard to Japan.
I'd like to send this to Australia.
I'd like to set it to the movie channel.
I'd like to set out the commission's view regarding the main amendments.
I'd like to set things straight.
I'd like to set up a meeting with Tom.
I'd like to set up a sign like, "This Way ->," but what would it be if I made it in English?
I'd like to settle the transportation arrangements before I leave.
I'd like to shake Tom's hand.
I'd like to shake their hands.
I'd like to shake your hand.
I'd like to share a secret with you.
I'd like to share a story with you about Tom.
I'd like to share my secret with you.
I'd like to share this sandwich with you.
I'd like to show Tom what I bought today.
I'd like to show this picture of Tom to you.
I'd like to show you my beautiful city.
I'd like to show you some translated texts for you to correct.
I'd like to show you something.
I'd like to show you the new document now.
I'd like to sign up for the baseball team.
I'd like to sign up for the track team.
I'd like to sing a song for you that I just wrote.
I'd like to sing a song for you that I wrote last night.
I'd like to sing a song.
I'd like to sing with you sometime.
I'd like to sing with you.
I'd like to sing you a song.
I'd like to sing.
I'd like to sit by the window.
I'd like to sit down.
I'd like to sit further back.
I'd like to sit here for a moment.
I'd like to sit here for a while.
I'd like to sit in the no-smoking compartment, please.
I'd like to sit near the front.
I'd like to sit over there.
I'd like to sit with Tom.
I'd like to sit with my family.
I'd like to sketch you.
I'd like to slap Tom.
I'd like to slap him.
I'd like to sleep a little bit longer.
I'd like to sleep a little longer.
I'd like to sleep better.
I'd like to sleep just a little bit more.
I'd like to sleep late tomorrow.
I'd like to sleep more.
I'd like to sleep with you.
I'd like to sleep.
I'd like to slow things down for just a second.
I'd like to smell that.
I'd like to snog him.
I'd like to solve the puzzle.
I'd like to speak French fluently.
I'd like to speak French.
I'd like to speak first.
I'd like to speak more quickly.
I'd like to speak to Dr. Schmidt.
I'd like to speak to John Warner.
I'd like to speak to John.
I'd like to speak to Judy.
I'd like to speak to Miss Taylor, please.
I'd like to speak to Mr. Jackson, please.
I'd like to speak to Mr. Pierre, please.
I'd like to speak to Mrs. Taylor, please.
I'd like to speak to Ms. Taylor, please.
I'd like to speak to Tom Jackson, please.
I'd like to speak to Tom Jackson.
I'd like to speak to Tom about his brother John.
I'd like to speak to Tom again.
I'd like to speak to Tom alone for a moment.
I'd like to speak to Tom alone if I may.
I'd like to speak to Tom if I may.
I'd like to speak to Tom, please.
I'd like to speak to Tom.
I'd like to speak to a lawyer.
I'd like to speak to her again.
I'd like to speak to her.
I'd like to speak to him again.
I'd like to speak to him.
I'd like to speak to the lady of the household.
I'd like to speak to the manager.
I'd like to speak to the sheriff.
I'd like to speak to them again.
I'd like to speak to them.
I'd like to speak to you about it.
I'd like to speak to you about that.
I'd like to speak to you about this matter in private.
I'd like to speak to you for a moment.
I'd like to speak to you in private.
I'd like to speak to you.
I'd like to speak to your manager.
I'd like to speak with Tom alone.
I'd like to speak with Tom in private for a moment.
I'd like to speak with Tom in private.
I'd like to speak with Tom.
I'd like to speak with her.
I'd like to speak with him.
I'd like to speak with my lawyer.
I'd like to speak with someone in charge.
I'd like to speak with the manager.
I'd like to speak with them.
I'd like to speak with whoever is in charge here.
I'd like to speak with you about it.
I'd like to speak with you alone.
I'd like to speak with you in private.
I'd like to speak with you.
I'd like to speak with your manager.
I'd like to speak with your son.
I'd like to spend a few days with Tom.
I'd like to spend a few moments with Tom alone.
I'd like to spend a few weeks in Boston.
I'd like to spend a nice weekend with the family.
I'd like to spend a weekend in Crete.
I'd like to spend less time at work and more time at home.
I'd like to spend more time playing and less time working.
I'd like to spend more time with my children.
I'd like to spend more time with my family.
I'd like to spend more time with my friends.
I'd like to spend more time with my kids.
I'd like to spend more time with you.
I'd like to spend my holidays reading history books or classics.
I'd like to spend my next summer vacation hiking and camping.
I'd like to spend my time lying in the sun or immersed in crystal-clear waters.
I'd like to spend my time trying to help Tom.
I'd like to spend some more time with my family.
I'd like to spend some time here.
I'd like to spend some time with Tom.
I'd like to spend some time with my daughter.
I'd like to spend some time with you.
I'd like to spend the day in the sun.
I'd like to spend the rest of my life with you.
I'd like to spend the whole morning like this.
I'd like to spend the whole weekend sleeping.
I'd like to stand up.
I'd like to stand.
I'd like to start a bunny shelter.
I'd like to start again.
I'd like to start by asking you a question.
I'd like to start from scratch.
I'd like to start gardening once spring begins, but I'm still deciding what sort of flowers I should plant.
I'd like to start now.
I'd like to start off this talk show by thanking you all for coming today.
I'd like to start over again.
I'd like to start over.
I'd like to start seeing you.
I'd like to start with a song that I wrote.
I'd like to stay a little bit longer.
I'd like to stay a little longer.
I'd like to stay and chat, but I've got a meeting to go to.
I'd like to stay and help, but I'm needed elsewhere.
I'd like to stay another night if I can.
I'd like to stay as long as possible.
I'd like to stay at one of those hotels where they give you free toiletries.
I'd like to stay at your hotel.
I'd like to stay for a few days.
I'd like to stay for one night.
I'd like to stay for three nights.
I'd like to stay here a little longer.
I'd like to stay here and chat, but I have to go to a concert my kid's playing in.
I'd like to stay here as long as possible.
I'd like to stay here for a couple of days.
I'd like to stay here for a few more days.
I'd like to stay here for as long as possible.
I'd like to stay here for one night.
I'd like to stay here for three days.
I'd like to stay here for three more days.
I'd like to stay here forever.
I'd like to stay here overnight.
I'd like to stay here tonight.
I'd like to stay here until Tom and Mary get back.
I'd like to stay here until Tom gets back.
I'd like to stay here with Tom.
I'd like to stay here with her.
I'd like to stay here with him.
I'd like to stay here with them.
I'd like to stay here with you a little longer.
I'd like to stay here with you.
I'd like to stay here.
I'd like to stay home tonight.
I'd like to stay if you don't mind.
I'd like to stay in Australia for another week or so.
I'd like to stay in Boston for another week or so.
I'd like to stay in a Western-style hotel.
I'd like to stay in a double room.
I'd like to stay longer.
I'd like to stay on the first floor.
I'd like to stay one more night. Is that possible?
I'd like to stay with you for a while.
I'd like to stay with you.
I'd like to stay yet, but you know I can't.
I'd like to stay, but I have to go see Tom.
I'd like to stay, if it makes no odds.
I'd like to stay, if it's no bother.
I'd like to stay, if it's not too much trouble.
I'd like to stay, if you don't mind.
I'd like to stick around a little longer to see what happens.
I'd like to stick around and find out what's going on.
I'd like to strangle Tom.
I'd like to strangle her.
I'd like to strangle him.
I'd like to study French next year.
I'd like to study French, but I don't have the time.
I'd like to study French.
I'd like to study German, but I don't have the time.
I'd like to study at university.
I'd like to study chemistry at college.
I'd like to study in Australia.
I'd like to study in Boston.
I'd like to study in China to improve my Chinese.
I'd like to study in China to improve the level of my Chinese.
I'd like to study in Paris.
I'd like to study law.
I'd like to study maths.
I'd like to study medicine.
I'd like to study music.
I'd like to study this topic in more detail.
I'd like to study with you tonight, but I can't.
I'd like to study with you, but I can't.
I'd like to study.
I'd like to suggest you start going to bed one hour earlier.
I'd like to surprise Tom.
I'd like to surprise her.
I'd like to swim in this river.
I'd like to swim.
I'd like to take Tom down a notch.
I'd like to take Tom up on his offer.
I'd like to take a 9:30 flight.
I'd like to take a break.
I'd like to take a closer look at that.
I'd like to take a couple of days off next week.
I'd like to take a look around.
I'd like to take a look at those documents.
I'd like to take a look outside.
I'd like to take a nap.
I'd like to take a note of your phone number if you don't mind.
I'd like to take a quick shower.
I'd like to take a short break.
I'd like to take a short nap.
I'd like to take a shower.
I'd like to take a small trip this weekend.
I'd like to take a taxi.
I'd like to take a walk.
I'd like to take advantage of this opportunity to thank you all for your cooperation.
I'd like to take advantage of this opportunity.
I'd like to take another look at those pictures.
I'd like to take another look.
I'd like to take it easy riding in a rowboat - just the two of us.
I'd like to take my jacket off, please; it's too hot.
I'd like to take my jacket off.
I'd like to take next Monday off.
I'd like to take part in the contest.
I'd like to take that out, please.
I'd like to take the day off tomorrow.
I'd like to take the pill.
I'd like to take this car out for a test drive.
I'd like to take this opportunity to explain the problem.
I'd like to take this opportunity to thank Tom Jackson for his generous donation.
I'd like to take this opportunity to thank everyone for their support.
I'd like to take this opportunity to thank you for all the trust you've placed in me.
I'd like to take this opportunity to thank you for all the trust you've placed in us.
I'd like to take this with me.
I'd like to take you out for dinner and a drink.
I'd like to talk about Tom.
I'd like to talk about her.
I'd like to talk about him.
I'd like to talk about it now.
I'd like to talk about it.
I'd like to talk about something.
I'd like to talk about that.
I'd like to talk about them.
I'd like to talk about your situation.
I'd like to talk business.
I'd like to talk it over with my family before making a decision.
I'd like to talk to Jean.
I'd like to talk to John.
I'd like to talk to Tom about his brother John.
I'd like to talk to Tom again.
I'd like to talk to Tom alone.
I'd like to talk to Tom for a few minutes.
I'd like to talk to Tom myself.
I'd like to talk to Tom.
I'd like to talk to her again.
I'd like to talk to her alone.
I'd like to talk to her myself.
I'd like to talk to her.
I'd like to talk to him again.
I'd like to talk to him alone.
I'd like to talk to him myself.
I'd like to talk to him.
I'd like to talk to one of your guests.
I'd like to talk to someone about what I saw.
I'd like to talk to the coordinator of this project.
I'd like to talk to the doctor alone for a moment.
I'd like to talk to the foreman.
I'd like to talk to the head nurse.
I'd like to talk to the head of security.
I'd like to talk to the hotel manager.
I'd like to talk to the manager.
I'd like to talk to them again.
I'd like to talk to them alone.
I'd like to talk to them myself.
I'd like to talk to them.
I'd like to talk to you a little.
I'd like to talk to you about Tom.
I'd like to talk to you about it.
I'd like to talk to you about something else.
I'd like to talk to you about something.
I'd like to talk to you about the schedule for the next semester.
I'd like to talk to you about tomorrow's schedule.
I'd like to talk to you about what happened at school yesterday.
I'd like to talk to you about what happened.
I'd like to talk to you about your childhood if you don't mind.
I'd like to talk to you about your grades in school.
I'd like to talk to you again.
I'd like to talk to you alone.
I'd like to talk to you away from the press.
I'd like to talk to you before I leave.
I'd like to talk to you for a minute.
I'd like to talk to you in my office.
I'd like to talk to you in private before I leave.
I'd like to talk to you in private.
I'd like to talk to you on Skype if you don't mind.
I'd like to talk to you some more.
I'd like to talk to you this morning if possible.
I'd like to talk to you when you have some free time.
I'd like to talk to you.
I'd like to talk with Tom.
I'd like to talk with Tony.
I'd like to talk with each of the survivors.
I'd like to talk with you about Tom.
I'd like to talk with you about that.
I'd like to talk with you about your grades.
I'd like to talk with you in private.
I'd like to talk with you privately now.
I'd like to talk with you privately.
I'd like to talk with you.
I'd like to talk.
I'd like to teach Tom how to do that.
I'd like to teach in a school with highly-motivated students.
I'd like to teach you Chinese in exchange for your teaching me another language.
I'd like to teach you how to do that.
I'd like to tell Mary I love her.
I'd like to tell Mary that I love her.
I'd like to tell Tom I love him.
I'd like to tell Tom that I love him.
I'd like to tell her that I love her.
I'd like to tell you something in private.
I'd like to tell you the truth.
I'd like to tell you, but I can't.
I'd like to thank Tom for all he's done.
I'd like to thank Tom for everything he did.
I'd like to thank Tom for everything he's done for us.
I'd like to thank Tom for everything he's done.
I'd like to thank Tom for his help.
I'd like to thank Tom.
I'd like to thank all our guests for coming.
I'd like to thank everybody who has helped me to achieve such a thing.
I'd like to thank everybody who helped me get this done.
I'd like to thank everybody who helped.
I'd like to thank everyone for their support.
I'd like to thank everyone who helped me get this done.
I'd like to thank everyone who helped.
I'd like to thank everyone who translates my sentences.
I'd like to thank the staff of both organizations for all the work done.
I'd like to thank you again for everything you've done for us.
I'd like to thank you all for coming today.
I'd like to thank you all for coming tonight.
I'd like to thank you all for coming.
I'd like to thank you all very much for coming.
I'd like to thank you both.
I'd like to thank you for accepting my invitation.
I'd like to thank you for all the help you've given my son.
I'd like to thank you for all your hard work.
I'd like to thank you for all your help.
I'd like to thank you for coming today.
I'd like to thank you for doing such a great job.
I'd like to thank you for everything you've done for me.
I'd like to thank you for everything you've done for us.
I'd like to thank you for everything you've done.
I'd like to thank you for helping me translate the report into French.
I'd like to thank you for helping us.
I'd like to thank you for your collaboration.
I'd like to thank you for your cooperation.
I'd like to thank you for your help.
I'd like to thank you for your very generous contribution.
I'd like to thank you in advance for the information.
I'd like to thank you once more for everything.
I'd like to thank you.
I'd like to think I'm a good father.
I'd like to think Tom and Mary are friends.
I'd like to think Tom is a friend.
I'd like to think about it a little bit longer.
I'd like to think about it a little longer before I make a decision.
I'd like to think about it a little more.
I'd like to think about it.
I'd like to think he has a head on his shoulders.
I'd like to think of us as a team, Tom.
I'd like to think so.
I'd like to think that everyone's pulling together, but I'd be happier if it were in the same direction.
I'd like to think that there's more to it than that.
I'd like to think that's true.
I'd like to think we can do that.
I'd like to transfer some funds from my account to another account.
I'd like to translate your article into French.
I'd like to travel abroad.
I'd like to travel alone.
I'd like to travel around Europe.
I'd like to travel around the world.
I'd like to travel first-class.
I'd like to travel more often but the lack of money doesn't allow me to do so.
I'd like to travel to Belgium.
I'd like to travel, but I don't have any money.
I'd like to treat you to lunch to thank you for all your help.
I'd like to try aerobics.
I'd like to try again.
I'd like to try and change the way we've been doing things around here.
I'd like to try doing that at least once.
I'd like to try doing that once.
I'd like to try doing that.
I'd like to try doing this by myself.
I'd like to try doing this without your help.
I'd like to try fixing this by myself.
I'd like to try gin.
I'd like to try horseback riding.
I'd like to try hypnosis.
I'd like to try it on.
I'd like to try it.
I'd like to try on one size smaller than this.
I'd like to try on shoes other than those.
I'd like to try on these shoes.
I'd like to try on this blue dress.
I'd like to try on this dress.
I'd like to try one of those cookies.
I'd like to try out skydiving.
I'd like to try out the aerobics class for a day.
I'd like to try out this new model before I buy it.
I'd like to try rollerblading.
I'd like to try skydiving.
I'd like to try snowboarding.
I'd like to try some Thai food.
I'd like to try some myself.
I'd like to try some of the local food.
I'd like to try something new.
I'd like to try something.
I'd like to try that myself.
I'd like to try that suit on again.
I'd like to try this dress on.
I'd like to try this on.
I'd like to try this on. Where are the fitting rooms?
I'd like to try this.
I'd like to try to do that once.
I'd like to try to do that.
I'd like to try to do this on my own.
I'd like to try.
I'd like to turn off the reading lamp, is that OK?
I'd like to turn some photos of mine into a calendar. How should I go about it?
I'd like to turn this room into a study.
I'd like to uncover what hides underneath her fake niceness.
I'd like to understand how commerce works.
I'd like to understand why I'm so afraid to be alone.
I'd like to unpack.
I'd like to use a safe.
I'd like to use that.
I'd like to use these coupons.
I'd like to use this opportunity to thank you.
I'd like to visit America most of all.
I'd like to visit Angkor Wat before I die.
I'd like to visit Australia again.
I'd like to visit Australia at least one more time before I die.
I'd like to visit Australia before I die.
I'd like to visit Australia in the spring.
I'd like to visit Australia most of all.
I'd like to visit Australia one day.
I'd like to visit Australia some day.
I'd like to visit Australia someday.
I'd like to visit Australia sometime.
I'd like to visit Australia.
I'd like to visit Boston again.
I'd like to visit Boston at least one more time before I die.
I'd like to visit Boston before I die.
I'd like to visit Boston in the spring.
I'd like to visit Boston one day.
I'd like to visit Boston someday.
I'd like to visit Boston sometime.
I'd like to visit Boston.
I'd like to visit Egypt someday.
I'd like to visit England someday.
I'd like to visit London.
I'd like to visit lots of places in Venezuela.
I'd like to visit some waterfront dives.
I'd like to visit that place someday.
I'd like to visit the Great Wall this year.
I'd like to visit the ruins of Athens.
I'd like to visit you next week. What day of the week would it be convenient for you?
I'd like to visit you tomorrow.
I'd like to visit your country someday.
I'd like to volunteer my services.
I'd like to volunteer to go with Tom.
I'd like to volunteer.
I'd like to vote.
I'd like to wait here.
I'd like to wait outside if you don't mind.
I'd like to wait until Tom and Mary get here.
I'd like to wait until Tom gets here.
I'd like to wake Tom up myself.
I'd like to wake her up myself.
I'd like to wake him up myself.
I'd like to wake them up myself.
I'd like to walk a bit slower.
I'd like to walk in the rain.
I'd like to walk like a normal person.
I'd like to warn you against making rash decisions.
I'd like to warn you against taking rash decisions.
I'd like to wash up before we eat.
I'd like to wash up if I may.
I'd like to watch TV.
I'd like to watch that movie again.
I'd like to watch the train chug along the track.
I'd like to watch this movie again.
I'd like to welcome you all aboard.
I'd like to welcome you all to our family museum.
I'd like to win on Monday.
I'd like to win.
I'd like to wish everyone a happy and great day.
I'd like to wish my mom a happy birthday.
I'd like to withdraw money.
I'd like to withdraw some cash.
I'd like to withdraw some money.
I'd like to work alongside with you.
I'd like to work as a nanny.
I'd like to work at a hospital.
I'd like to work at the cafeteria.
I'd like to work for a smaller company.
I'd like to work for you as long as possible.
I'd like to work here.
I'd like to work in Australia.
I'd like to work in Boston.
I'd like to work less and make more money.
I'd like to work this out.
I'd like to work with Tom.
I'd like to work with her.
I'd like to work with him.
I'd like to work with them.
I'd like to work with you.
I'd like to wring Tom's neck.
I'd like to wring her neck.
I'd like to wring his neck.
I'd like to write a book.
I'd like to write hundreds of sentences on Tatoeba, but I have other things to do.
I'd like to, but I can't.
I'd like to, but I don't have the time.
I'd like to, but I don't have time.
I'd like to, but I haven't got time.
I'd like two cans of tomatoes.
I'd like two copies of each of these documents.
I'd like two kilos of apples.
I'd like two kilos of onions.
I'd like two one-way tickets from A to B.
I'd like two prints of each.
I'd like two scoops of ice cream in a cone, please.
I'd like two singles for three nights from the 21st for about sixty dollars a night.
I'd like two slices of toast and a cup of tea.
I'd like two tickets, please.
I'd like two tins of tomatoes.
I'd like two vanilla ice creams.
I'd like us to be friends again.
I'd like us to go to Maccas.
I'd like us to go to Maccies.
I'd like us to go to Maccy D's.
I'd like us to go to McD's.
I'd like us to go to McD.
I'd like us to go to McDonald's.
I'd like us to go to Mickey D's.
I'd like us to go to Mickey D.
I'd like us to start.
I'd like whiskey and water.
I'd like you back on the team.
I'd like you not to lie to me.
I'd like you to accompany Tom.
I'd like you to accompany her.
I'd like you to accompany him.
I'd like you to accompany me.
I'd like you to accompany them.
I'd like you to answer me.
I'd like you to answer my question.
I'd like you to apologize to Tom.
I'd like you to assist Tom.
I'd like you to assist her.
I'd like you to assist him.
I'd like you to assist me.
I'd like you to assist them.
I'd like you to attend the meeting tomorrow.
I'd like you to be happy.
I'd like you to be mine forever.
I'd like you to be more punctual.
I'd like you to be my friend.
I'd like you to be my guest tonight.
I'd like you to be my partner.
I'd like you to be on my team.
I'd like you to be there.
I'd like you to believe me.
I'd like you to call me Tom.
I'd like you to close the door when you go outside.
I'd like you to close your eyes.
I'd like you to come at nine.
I'd like you to come back next week.
I'd like you to come early.
I'd like you to come over sometime.
I'd like you to come to the cinema with me.
I'd like you to come to the movies with me.
I'd like you to come visit us in El Salvador!
I'd like you to come with me.
I'd like you to come with us.
I'd like you to come work for me.
I'd like you to come, too.
I'd like you to come.
I'd like you to consider joining our club.
I'd like you to cut my hair.
I'd like you to dance.
I'd like you to do it by yourself.
I'd like you to do it yourself.
I'd like you to do it, too.
I'd like you to do me a favor.
I'd like you to do something for Tom.
I'd like you to do something for me.
I'd like you to do something.
I'd like you to do that alone.
I'd like you to do that as soon as possible.
I'd like you to do that by yourself.
I'd like you to do that by yourselves.
I'd like you to do that for me tomorrow.
I'd like you to do that for me.
I'd like you to do that now.
I'd like you to do that right away.
I'd like you to do that with me.
I'd like you to do that, too.
I'd like you to do that.
I'd like you to do the same.
I'd like you to do your best.
I'd like you to drive me home.
I'd like you to drive.
I'd like you to drop the charges.
I'd like you to get me a cup of coffee.
I'd like you to get out of my house.
I'd like you to get two adjacent rooms.
I'd like you to give Tom a message for me.
I'd like you to give me that.
I'd like you to go away.
I'd like you to go find out for yourself.
I'd like you to go see Tom.
I'd like you to go there.
I'd like you to go to the supermarket and buy some bread.
I'd like you to go with me.
I'd like you to go.
I'd like you to handle it.
I'd like you to handle this matter.
I'd like you to have a blood test.
I'd like you to have a chest X-ray.
I'd like you to have a thorough examination.
I'd like you to have an ultrasound.
I'd like you to have dinner with me.
I'd like you to have it.
I'd like you to have this ring.
I'd like you to have this.
I'd like you to help Tom.
I'd like you to help me do that.
I'd like you to help me do this.
I'd like you to help me gather some firewood.
I'd like you to help me if you have nothing in particular to do.
I'd like you to help me in the garden.
I'd like you to help me install this software.
I'd like you to help me.
I'd like you to itemize the charges.
I'd like you to join the Central Intelligence Agency.
I'd like you to join us.
I'd like you to keep silent on such a issue, we're not going to add fuel to the fire by hearing your negative and controversial opinion.
I'd like you to keep this a secret.
I'd like you to leave immediately.
I'd like you to leave my house.
I'd like you to leave now.
I'd like you to leave.
I'd like you to live with me.
I'd like you to look after my dog during my absence.
I'd like you to look after my dog while I'm away.
I'd like you to look after my dog while I'm gone.
I'd like you to look after my dog while I'm out.
I'd like you to look after my dog.
I'd like you to look at something.
I'd like you to look into it.
I'd like you to look over these documents.
I'd like you to mail this letter.
I'd like you to make me some tea.
I'd like you to make one now.
I'd like you to massage my feet.
I'd like you to meet João.
I'd like you to meet Karina.
I'd like you to meet Mr Brown.
I'd like you to meet Mr. Brown.
I'd like you to meet Tom, my cousin.
I'd like you to meet Tom.
I'd like you to meet a friend of mine.
I'd like you to meet her.
I'd like you to meet him.
I'd like you to meet me at the airport.
I'd like you to meet my brother, Tom.
I'd like you to meet my brother.
I'd like you to meet my daughter.
I'd like you to meet my folks.
I'd like you to meet my husband.
I'd like you to meet my parents.
I'd like you to meet my sister, Mary.
I'd like you to meet my sister.
I'd like you to meet my son.
I'd like you to meet my wife.
I'd like you to meet with Tom.
I'd like you to meet with her.
I'd like you to meet with him.
I'd like you to meet with them.
I'd like you to participate.
I'd like you to pay attention to what's going on.
I'd like you to pay attention.
I'd like you to pay me in advance.
I'd like you to pay the money in advance.
I'd like you to pick up the pace a little on this job.
I'd like you to postpone your trip.
I'd like you to promise me that you won't repeat what you've seen lately to anyone.
I'd like you to put me back on the list.
I'd like you to quickly browse through these documents.
I'd like you to quickly look over these documents.
I'd like you to read this book.
I'd like you to rely on me.
I'd like you to ride with us.
I'd like you to see it.
I'd like you to see my collection of stamps.
I'd like you to see this.
I'd like you to send me your Lingala book.
I'd like you to send this package for me right away.
I'd like you to send this telegram at once.
I'd like you to show Tom how to do that.
I'd like you to show me how to do that.
I'd like you to sing a song for me.
I'd like you to sing a song.
I'd like you to sing.
I'd like you to stay and help me clean up.
I'd like you to stay here.
I'd like you to stay home tonight.
I'd like you to stay with me for a while.
I'd like you to stay.
I'd like you to stop by my office before you go home.
I'd like you to stop.
I'd like you to take a look at something.
I'd like you to take a look at this.
I'd like you to take another look at this.
I'd like you to take this.
I'd like you to talk to Tom.
I'd like you to talk to her.
I'd like you to talk to him.
I'd like you to talk to me.
I'd like you to talk to them.
I'd like you to tell Tom not to be late.
I'd like you to tell me about yourself.
I'd like you to tell me if there are any mistakes in this sentence.
I'd like you to tell me the truth.
I'd like you to tell me what happened.
I'd like you to tell me what to do.
I'd like you to tell me what you did.
I'd like you to tell me why you did that.
I'd like you to translate this book into English.
I'd like you to translate this book into French.
I'd like you to translate this document into French.
I'd like you to translate this into French.
I'd like you to translate this letter into French.
I'd like you to translate this report into French.
I'd like you to try harder.
I'd like you to try one of these cookies.
I'd like you to try.
I'd like you to understand.
I'd like you to wait in the lobby with Tom.
I'd like you to wait in the lobby.
I'd like you to wear this.
I'd like you very much to accept my request.
I'd like your advice.
I'd like your assistance.
I'd like your attention, please.
I'd like your candid opinion.
I'd like your cheapest room for four nights.
I'd like your comments.
I'd like your cooperation.
I'd like your help on this.
I'd like your help with this.
I'd like your help.
I'd like your input.
I'd like your opinion on this.
I'd like your opinion.
I'd like your permission to date your daughter.
I'd like your permission to do that.
I'd like your permission to use it.
I'd like your report as soon as possible.
I'd like your support.
I'd like your undivided attention.
I'd likely get fired if I did that.
I'd listen to Tom if I were you.
I'd live here year-round if I could.
I'd lock my doors if I were you.
I'd look into it.
I'd looked for a weapon.
I'd lose if I played chess with Tom.
I'd lose my job if I did that.
I'd love a beer.
I'd love a cold drink.
I'd love a cup of coffee.
I'd love a cup of joe.
I'd love a frappuccino.
I'd love a good massage.
I'd love a lemonade.
I'd love a slice of pie.
I'd love an explanation.
I'd love doing that.
I'd love for you guys to come live here.
I'd love for you to have some of my lemonade.
I'd love for you to share this new passion of mine.
I'd love if the tapes could be made available.
I'd love if you called me Dad.
I'd love it if she were around here more often.
I'd love it if somebody did that.
I'd love it if this was the last we heard from Tom.
I'd love it if you came.
I'd love it if you go to the bathroom for me right now and take off your panties, and put them in your purse. Can you do that for me?
I'd love meeting an Esperantist and spending the whole day saying, "What's this?".
I'd love some cheesecake.
I'd love some coffee.
I'd love some corn.
I'd love some help on this.
I'd love some help.
I'd love some lemonade.
I'd love some more coffee, but not here. How about I make us some at my flat?
I'd love some pie.
I'd love some tea.
I'd love some wine.
I'd love something like that.
I'd love something to drink.
I'd love something to eat.
I'd love that opportunity.
I'd love that to happen.
I'd love that.
I'd love the opportunity to do that.
I'd love to accompany you.
I'd love to be a bird.
I'd love to be a cat.
I'd love to be a duck.
I'd love to be a fly on the wall at the meeting of the senior executives about the future of the company.
I'd love to be a teacher.
I'd love to be able to change my sexual orientation.
I'd love to be able to find more time that I could spend relaxing.
I'd love to be able to spend less time doing household chores.
I'd love to be able to spend more time doing this.
I'd love to be able to spend more time relaxing.
I'd love to be able to spend more time with you, but I have to get back to work.
I'd love to be able to spend more time with you.
I'd love to be able to tell the lady who cuts my hair that I don’t like bangs.
I'd love to be able to wear a dress like that. But I'll have to lose some weight first.
I'd love to be close to you.
I'd love to be in her life and get to know her better.
I'd love to be involved.
I'd love to be rich.
I'd love to be that guy.
I'd love to be your age.
I'd love to buy it for you but I still haven't had my pay check and I have no money left over. Hopefully next time though.
I'd love to chat with you more, but I have to go.
I'd love to coach.
I'd love to come along.
I'd love to come and visit if I had the time.
I'd love to come and visit.
I'd love to come back here again next winter.
I'd love to come back next week.
I'd love to come by tonight.
I'd love to come inside.
I'd love to come with you all, but I don't have any money.
I'd love to come with you.
I'd love to come.
I'd love to contribute something.
I'd love to cuddle with you right now.
I'd love to dance with you.
I'd love to do it again.
I'd love to do it.
I'd love to do more.
I'd love to do that again.
I'd love to do that for you.
I'd love to do that with you, but I can't.
I'd love to do that, but I have something else I need to do.
I'd love to do that, but I'm too busy right now.
I'd love to do that.
I'd love to eat there.
I'd love to enter a magical world.
I'd love to feel larger than life.
I'd love to find out why she said so.
I'd love to fish with Tom again.
I'd love to get one of those.
I'd love to get rid of this old car.
I'd love to get something to eat with Tom.
I'd love to give him a blast.
I'd love to go back there some day.
I'd love to go back to Australia some day.
I'd love to go back to Australia.
I'd love to go back to Boston some day.
I'd love to go back to Boston.
I'd love to go back.
I'd love to go fishing with Tom again.
I'd love to go fishing with you this afternoon.
I'd love to go fishing with you this weekend.
I'd love to go fishing with you.
I'd love to go for a meal with you.
I'd love to go home.
I'd love to go on an adventure with you.
I'd love to go on that trip, but unfortunately I can't.
I'd love to go out with you.
I'd love to go outside.
I'd love to go swimming.
I'd love to go there one day.
I'd love to go there with you.
I'd love to go to Australia someday.
I'd love to go to Australia with you in October.
I'd love to go to Australia with you.
I'd love to go to Boston during summer break, but it's so far.
I'd love to go to Boston with you in October.
I'd love to go to Boston with you.
I'd love to go to Kabylie some day.
I'd love to go to that dance with you.
I'd love to go to the fair with you.
I'd love to go to the gig with you, but I'm brassic.
I'd love to go to the museum with you tomorrow.
I'd love to go to the show with you, but I'm skint.
I'd love to go with you to the show, but I'm flat broke.
I'd love to go with you, but I can't.
I'd love to go with you.
I'd love to go, but I can't.
I'd love to go.
I'd love to hang out with Tom for a day or two.
I'd love to hang out with you this weekend.
I'd love to have a chat with you before I get overwhelmed by work commitments.
I'd love to have a ferret.
I'd love to have a good dictionary.
I'd love to have breakfast with you.
I'd love to have champagne.
I'd love to have dinner with you.
I'd love to have it today.
I'd love to have more children.
I'd love to have one of those.
I'd love to hear Tom sing with Mary.
I'd love to hear about your trip.
I'd love to hear from you.
I'd love to hear it from you.
I'd love to hear the poem you wrote for me.
I'd love to hear you sing sometime.
I'd love to hear your comments on this.
I'd love to hear your new song.
I'd love to hear your opinion on this.
I'd love to hear your opinion.
I'd love to hear your thoughts on trying flogging during our scenes.
I'd love to hear your thoughts on what you liked the most during our last session.
I'd love to hear your voice again.
I'd love to help you if I could.
I'd love to help you out, but I'm terribly busy.
I'd love to help you, but I'm busy at the moment.
I'd love to help you, but I'm quite busy at the moment.
I'd love to help you.
I'd love to help.
I'd love to hold you in my arms and kiss you.
I'd love to hold you in my arms.
I'd love to join you.
I'd love to kiss you.
I'd love to know everything about you.
I'd love to know how that happened.
I'd love to know how you did that.
I'd love to know if my luggage is arriving soon.
I'd love to know that.
I'd love to know to fly.
I'd love to know what Tom and Mary were talking about in the car park just now.
I'd love to know what's going on here.
I'd love to know what's happening.
I'd love to learn French. I find it such an elegant language!
I'd love to learn how to do that.
I'd love to learn how to fly a helicopter.
I'd love to learn how to fly a kite some day.
I'd love to learn to fly a kite some day.
I'd love to leave early.
I'd love to live by the ocean.
I'd love to live by the sea.
I'd love to live here.
I'd love to live in Australia for a few years.
I'd love to live in Australia.
I'd love to live in Boston.
I'd love to make a little rougaille tomorrow.
I'd love to make people have a pleasanter time because of me . . . to have some little joy or happy thought that would never have existed if I hadn't been born.
I'd love to marry you, but my family won't let me.
I'd love to meet Tom.
I'd love to meet her.
I'd love to meet him.
I'd love to meet you.
I'd love to meet your daughter.
I'd love to meet your family.
I'd love to meet your son.
I'd love to on a trip, but can't right now.
I'd love to overcome my inferiority complex.
I'd love to play tennis with you.
I'd love to read a book on the history of laughter.
I'd love to read that novel, but I haven't got time.
I'd love to see Australia someday.
I'd love to see Tom and Mary do that.
I'd love to see Tom do that.
I'd love to see Tom win.
I'd love to see Tom.
I'd love to see Uranus.
I'd love to see her.
I'd love to see inside Tom's house.
I'd love to see somebody do that.
I'd love to see that happen.
I'd love to see that movie.
I'd love to see that.
I'd love to see the expression on his face when he finds out.
I'd love to see the movie.
I'd love to see them.
I'd love to see this movie.
I'd love to see you dance.
I'd love to see you do that.
I'd love to see you.
I'd love to see your village.
I'd love to share your beautiful optimism.
I'd love to show you around town.
I'd love to show you around.
I'd love to sing for you.
I'd love to sing with you.
I'd love to sit with you.
I'd love to snuggle with you right now.
I'd love to spend Christmas with you.
I'd love to spend more time with you.
I'd love to spend some time here.
I'd love to start over.
I'd love to stay, but I have somewhere else I need to be.
I'd love to stay.
I'd love to stick around and help you, but I have something else I have to do right now.
I'd love to stick around, but I can't.
I'd love to talk to you.
I'd love to travel by bike, but I'm afraid of getting mauled by a bear.
I'd love to try snowboarding.
I'd love to try that out.
I'd love to try that.
I'd love to try this on!
I'd love to visit Australia again.
I'd love to visit Australia.
