Everybody waited.
Everybody walked away happy.
Everybody wanted Tom dead.
Everybody wanted Tom to be happy.
Everybody wanted breakfast.
Everybody wanted me to do it.
Everybody wanted me to do that.
Everybody wanted me to leave.
Everybody wanted one.
Everybody wanted to be Tom's friend.
Everybody wanted to be in Tom's vicinity.
Everybody wanted to be with Tom.
Everybody wanted to dance.
Everybody wanted to do that.
Everybody wanted to do this.
Everybody wanted to eat.
Everybody wanted to go home.
Everybody wanted to go to Australia.
Everybody wanted to go to Boston.
Everybody wanted to help.
Everybody wanted to know why Tom quit his job.
Everybody wanted to know.
Everybody wanted to see Tom.
Everybody wanted to see it.
Everybody wanted to sing.
Everybody wanted us to do that.
Everybody wanted you to do that.
Everybody wants Tom to be convicted.
Everybody wants Tom.
Everybody wants another chance.
Everybody wants her.
Everybody wants him.
Everybody wants one.
Everybody wants permanent peace.
Everybody wants recognition.
Everybody wants some.
Everybody wants something.
Everybody wants that to happen.
Everybody wants them.
Everybody wants to be a sigma, but nobody wants to be a delta.
Everybody wants to be free and happy.
Everybody wants to be free.
Everybody wants to be happy.
Everybody wants to be here.
Everybody wants to be liked.
Everybody wants to be loved.
Everybody wants to be my friend.
Everybody wants to be outside.
Everybody wants to do that.
Everybody wants to do this.
Everybody wants to go to Europe.
Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
Everybody wants to go.
Everybody wants to have a happy life.
Everybody wants to have one.
Everybody wants to know what's going to happen.
Everybody wants to live a happy life.
Everybody wants to live in comfort.
Everybody wants to make more money.
Everybody wants to pay as little as possible.
Everybody wants to protect you.
Everybody wants to rid himself of troubles.
Everybody wants to sit beside her.
Everybody wants to win.
Everybody wants what they don't have.
Everybody wants you to leave.
Everybody warned me about Tom.
Everybody was Sami's best friend.
Everybody was a beginner once.
Everybody was afraid of Tom.
Everybody was afraid that something bad was going to happen.
Everybody was afraid that something bad was gonna happen.
Everybody was alive.
Everybody was anxious to know what had happened.
Everybody was anxious.
Everybody was appalled.
Everybody was at work.
Everybody was being loud and obnoxious.
Everybody was bright at the party.
Everybody was calm.
Everybody was clapping.
Everybody was completely worn out.
Everybody was confused.
Everybody was crying, even Tom.
Everybody was crying, not just Tom.
Everybody was crying, only Tom stayed calm.
Everybody was crying.
Everybody was dancing.
Everybody was dead.
Everybody was disguised, so I couldn't tell who was who.
Everybody was disguised, so I couldn’t tell who was who.
Everybody was doing it.
Everybody was doing that.
Everybody was down there.
Everybody was dressed warm.
Everybody was evacuated from the building.
Everybody was excited by the news.
Everybody was freaking out.
Everybody was friendly with the new girl.
Everybody was friendly.
Everybody was gathered in the living room.
Everybody was going about his business.
Everybody was going to Europe—I, too, was going to Europe. Everybody was going to the famous Paris Exposition—I, too, was going to the Paris Exposition.
Everybody was happy with how things turned out.
Everybody was happy.
Everybody was having a great time until Tom showed up.
Everybody was having a great time.
Everybody was having fun.
Everybody was here.
Everybody was in a bad mood.
Everybody was in agreement.
Everybody was in the mosque.
Everybody was interested in the story.
Everybody was intrigued by that.
Everybody was intrigued.
Everybody was jealous of my success.
Everybody was kind to the new girl.
Everybody was late but me.
Everybody was late except me.
Everybody was laughing.
Everybody was let in except for Tom.
Everybody was listening intently to Tom's speech.
Everybody was listening intently to Tom.
Everybody was listening intently.
Everybody was looking at her when she burst into laughter.
Everybody was looking at me.
Everybody was looking for Dan.
Everybody was looking for Tom.
Everybody was looking for you.
Everybody was loud and obnoxious.
Everybody was mean to me.
Everybody was nervous.
Everybody was noisy.
Everybody was obeying the speed limit, so I knew there was likely a speed trap ahead.
Everybody was on the edge of their seat.
Everybody was out of town.
Everybody was out to get me.
Everybody was really friendly.
Everybody was really happy.
Everybody was relieved.
Everybody was safe.
Everybody was satisfied.
Everybody was saved.
Everybody was scared.
Everybody was shocked by what Tom did.
Everybody was shouting.
Everybody was silent.
Everybody was singing except me.
Everybody was singing.
Everybody was so excited.
Everybody was so full of hope.
Everybody was so up in arms but it seems they got all panicky about nothing.
Everybody was so wonderful.
Everybody was staring at Tom.
Everybody was staring at her.
Everybody was staring at him.
Everybody was staring at me.
Everybody was staring at us.
Everybody was startled.
Everybody was stunned.
Everybody was super friendly.
Everybody was supposed to do that.
Everybody was surprised when I entered the room.
Everybody was surprised.
Everybody was taken by surprise.
Everybody was there except Layla.
Everybody was there except Tom.
Everybody was there except for Tom.
Everybody was there.
Everybody was thrilled by his story.
Everybody was tired.
Everybody was upset about it.
Everybody was very afraid of Tom.
Everybody was very busy.
Everybody was very happy.
Everybody was very supportive.
Everybody was very well dressed.
Everybody was waiting for Tom.
Everybody was waiting for what would happen next.
Everybody was waiting helplessly for his death.
Everybody was waiting the same fate - death.
Everybody was wearing a mask.
Everybody was wearing gloves.
Everybody was wearing headphones.
Everybody was worried about Tom.
Everybody was worried that something bad was going to happen.
Everybody was worried.
Everybody was wrong.
Everybody washed in the kitchen.
Everybody watched the president laugh with a puzzled expression on their faces.
Everybody went home disappointed.
Everybody went home satisfied.
Everybody went in.
Everybody went to Australia except Tom.
Everybody went to the hospital to see Sami.
Everybody went to the hospital to see Tom.
Everybody went to the same bar.
Everybody who disagreed with Tom had to leave.
Everybody who is anybody was present at the reception.
Everybody who is incapable of learning has taken to teaching.
Everybody who knew Yanni was a suspect.
Everybody who knew him knew that he did not like Muslims.
Everybody who met Tom got sick.
Everybody who was anybody was there.
Everybody who was on the bus is here.
Everybody who worked on that project became a millionaire.
Everybody who's anybody will be there.
Everybody will be going.
Everybody will be home at Christmas.
Everybody will be home for Christmas.
Everybody will be home on Christmas.
Everybody will be rewarded.
Everybody will be sleeping by the time we get there.
Everybody will be tired.
Everybody will be very glad.
Everybody will die.
Everybody will do that.
Everybody will get everything they need.
Everybody will get what they need.
Everybody will get where they need to be.
Everybody will have to pitch in to save the environment.
Everybody will stay on shore.
Everybody wins!
Everybody wish they had better life circumstances.
Everybody wish they lead better lives than the one they're actually living.
Everybody wished he had been elected governor.
Everybody wishes for happiness.
Everybody without exception must take the test.
Everybody works here.
Everybody would like to believe dreams can come true.
Everybody would like to believe that dreams can come true.
Everybody would love to see that happen.
Everybody would love to see that.
Everybody yells at me.
Everybody you know will die someday.
Everybody! Everybody, please! Thank you for coming.
Everybody's a critic.
Everybody's a little different.
Everybody's a suspect.
Everybody's a winner.
Everybody's at risk.
Everybody's been saying that.
Everybody's been talking about that.
Everybody's been talking about you.
Everybody's been telling me that.
Everybody's been trying to convince me to do that.
Everybody's business is nobody's business.
Everybody's busy.
Everybody's concerned about you.
Everybody's crying.
Everybody's dancing.
Everybody's dead.
Everybody's different.
Everybody's doing something different.
Everybody's doing something.
Everybody's doing that.
Everybody's doing well.
Everybody's excited about that.
Everybody's fault is nobody's fault.
Everybody's fine.
Everybody's getting rich but me.
Everybody's gone fishing, except for Tom.
Everybody's gone hiking.
Everybody's got secrets.
Everybody's got something to hide.
Everybody's happy with the final design.
Everybody's happy.
Everybody's hard work contributed to the show's success.
Everybody's having a good time.
Everybody's health is important.
Everybody's here.
Everybody's home.
Everybody's hungry.
Everybody's in a hurry these days.
Everybody's in bed.
Everybody's in position.
Everybody's in the auditorium.
Everybody's life is complicated.
Everybody's looking at me.
Everybody's looking for you.
Everybody's losing money.
Everybody's nerves were on edge.
Everybody's on edge around here.
Everybody's on edge around the office.
Everybody's on edge.
Everybody's on vacation.
Everybody's ready to go.
Everybody's really angry.
Everybody's really happy.
Everybody's safe.
Everybody's scores went up.
Everybody's smiling.
Everybody's so busy.
Everybody's still awake.
Everybody's still there.
Everybody's still up.
Everybody's suspicious.
Everybody's talking about it.
Everybody's talking about what Tom did.
Everybody's talking about what happened at the meeting.
Everybody's talking about what happened.
Everybody's talking.
Everybody's tired of you.
Everybody's tired.
Everybody's told me I can't trust you.
Everybody's turning around.
Everybody's under suspicion.
Everybody's upset about it.
Everybody's upstairs.
Everybody's waiting for you.
Everybody's waiting to see what happens.
Everybody's worried.
Everybody's wrong.
Everybody, calm down.
Everybody, clap your hands.
Everybody, come here.
Everybody, get out of my house.
Everybody, get up and dance.
Everybody, go home!
Everybody, just go home.
Everybody, let's eat and drink in plenty and have a great time tonight!
Everybody, let's have a good year.
Everybody, let’s have a good year.
Everybody, please calm down.
Everybody, please leave.
Everybody, please listen.
Everybody, please step out of the way, I'm coming down!
Everybody, this is Tom. Tom, this is everybody.
Everybody’s business is nobody’s business.
Everybody’s fault is nobody’s fault.
Everyday I go to work by car but I'm wondering to rent an apartment close my job.
Everyday activities are losing their excitement.
Everyday activities can appear quite similar.
Everyday activities may lack excitement.
Everyday is a fresh opportunity.
Everyday life bores me.
Everyday life can get a bit monotonous at times.
Everyday physical exercise is indispensable to your health.
Everyday this old man brings with him a stick.
Everyday, I eat ice-cream for breakfast.
Everyday, politicians siphon money from tax-payers.
Everyone I know can do that.
Everyone I know can speak French.
Everyone I know drinks beer.
Everyone I know has been here.
Everyone I know has been there.
Everyone I know has done that.
Everyone I know has left Australia.
Everyone I know has left Boston.
Everyone I know has one.
Everyone I know has studied French.
Everyone I know is afraid to trust Tom.
Everyone I know is angry.
Everyone I know speaks well of her.
Everyone I know uses Google.
Everyone accepted the offer but Tom.
Everyone admired Tom.
Everyone admired his courage.
Everyone admired this place.
Everyone admires Tom's generosity.
Everyone admires her.
Everyone admires him.
Everyone admires the pictures painted by him.
Everyone admitted that the earth is a sphere.
Everyone agreed it was the right decision.
Everyone agreed on that.
Everyone agreed that it was the right decision.
Everyone agreed to a certain extent.
Everyone agreed with Tom.
Everyone agreed with my decision.
Everyone agreed with this idea.
Everyone agreed with you, didn't they?
Everyone agreed.
Everyone agrees it was the right decision.
Everyone agrees that it was the right decision.
Everyone agrees to stay here for the night and make long-term itinerary decisions tomorrow.
Everyone agrees with them.
Everyone agrees.
Everyone aims for a salary increase.
Everyone already knew about it.
Everyone already knew that.
Everyone already knows anyway.
Everyone already knows that.
Everyone already knows.
Everyone always asks me about that.
Everyone always asks me that.
Everyone always speaks well of Tom.
Everyone always speaks well of Tony.
Everyone always speaks well of him.
Everyone and everything moved much faster now than before.
Everyone and their dog has a blog nowadays.
Everyone apart from you came with a partner.
Everyone appeared small next to him.
Everyone appeared to be in their forties and fifties.
Everyone applauded as Tom walked out onto the stage.
Everyone applauded.
Everyone appreciated Tom's generosity.
Everyone appreciated her gesture.
Everyone appreciated his gesture.
Everyone approached me.
Everyone around Ziri only sees him as a celebrity. He's tired of all that and wants to be seen as a friend.
Everyone around here knows his name.
Everyone around here likes Tom.
Everyone around here likes her.
Everyone around here likes him.
Everyone around here likes me.
Everyone around here likes them.
Everyone around here likes us.
Everyone around me would be jealous.
Everyone around the area works hard.
Everyone arrived on time.
Everyone arrived to the climate conference by a private plane.
Everyone arrived.
Everyone asked themselves the same question.
Everyone asked why you weren't there.
Everyone asks me that.
Everyone asks me what it's like to be colour-blind.
Everyone asks that question.
Everyone asks us that.
Everyone asks you that, don't they?
Everyone aspires to have a better life.
Everyone assumed Tom was Canadian.
Everyone assumed Tom was guilty.
Everyone assumed that Tom was Canadian.
Everyone assumed that Tom was guilty.
Everyone at home calls me Tom.
Everyone at school knows Tom can't swim.
Everyone at school knows Tom.
Everyone at school knows that Tom can't swim.
Everyone at school knows your name.
Everyone at school treats her badly.
Everyone at school will find about it.
Everyone at that school disliked Elias.
Everyone at the funeral was crying.
Everyone at the meeting signed the petition.
Everyone at the party was a Canadian.
Everyone at the party was drinking wine.
Everyone at the party was drunk except for Tom.
Everyone at the party was impressed with Mark's centerpiece.
Everyone at the party was named Tom.
Everyone at the police station is missing.
Everyone at the school found out that Ziri's parents were so poor.
Everyone at the shop found out I grew up on a council estate.
Everyone at work is now being issued with a mask.
Everyone ate breakfast in the kitchen.
Everyone ate the same thing.
Everyone ate.
Everyone attacked my opinion.
Everyone attended the Halloween party.
Everyone attended the anime convention.
Everyone attended the mascarade.
Everyone attended.
Everyone be fartin'.
Everyone began boarding the bus.
Everyone began to laugh.
Everyone began to stand up.
Everyone began to take their places.
Everyone began to take their seats.
Everyone behave naturally!
Everyone believed Tom.
Everyone believed her.
Everyone believed him.
Everyone believed his lie.
Everyone believed in me.
Everyone believed in us but us.
Everyone believed in you.
Everyone believed me.
Everyone believed them.
Everyone believed us.
Everyone believed what Tom said.
Everyone believed you.
Everyone believes dreams can come true.
Everyone believes his story since there is no evidence to the contrary.
Everyone believes in something.
Everyone believes in their own potential.
Everyone believes in victory, even when this is unlikely.
Everyone believes something different, but there is only one truth.
Everyone believes that they have prepared for their old age.
Everyone benefited from the arrangement.
Everyone booed Tom off the stage.
Everyone bows to me.
Everyone breathed a sigh of relief.
Everyone brings out the choice wine first and then the cheaper wine after the guests have had too much.
Everyone brings their own insights to the table.
Everyone broke out?! That's ridiculous!
Everyone brought flowers to the teacher.
Everyone burst into laughter.
Everyone but Donald loved the idea.
Everyone but Jim came.
Everyone but Mark has arrived.
Everyone but Mary has already gone home.
Everyone but Mary knew that Tom was in love with her.
Everyone but Mary knew that she didn't have to do that.
Everyone but Mary knew that she didn't have to go to Boston.
Everyone but Mary knew that she didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everyone but Mary knew that she didn't need to do that.
Everyone but Mary knew that she didn't need to go to Boston.
Everyone but Mary knew that she didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everyone but Mike showed up at the party.
Everyone but Mike was at the party.
Everyone but Tom agreed.
Everyone but Tom and Mary are planning on going camping this weekend.
Everyone but Tom and Mary are planning to be there.
Everyone but Tom and Mary have already gone home.
Everyone but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to do that.
Everyone but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to go to Boston.
Everyone but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everyone but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to do that.
Everyone but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to go to Boston.
Everyone but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everyone but Tom ate fish.
Everyone but Tom came.
Everyone but Tom did that.
Everyone but Tom had a hat on.
Everyone but Tom has a hat on.
Everyone but Tom has already eaten.
Everyone but Tom has already gone home.
Everyone but Tom has arrived.
Everyone but Tom is here.
Everyone but Tom is planning on going camping this weekend.
Everyone but Tom is planning to be there.
Everyone but Tom is still standing.
Everyone but Tom is wearing a hat.
Everyone but Tom knew Mary was in love with him.
Everyone but Tom knew he didn't have to do that.
Everyone but Tom knew he didn't have to go to Australia.
Everyone but Tom knew he didn't have to go to Boston.
Everyone but Tom knew he didn't have to stay in Australia.
Everyone but Tom knew he didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everyone but Tom knew he didn't need to do that.
Everyone but Tom knew he didn't need to go to Australia.
Everyone but Tom knew he didn't need to go to Boston.
Everyone but Tom knew he didn't need to stay in Australia.
Everyone but Tom knew he didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everyone but Tom knew that Mary was in love with him.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't have to do that.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't have to go to Australia.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't have to go to Boston.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't have to stay in Australia.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't need to go to Australia.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't need to go to Boston.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't need to stay in Australia.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everyone but Tom laughed.
Everyone but Tom listened carefully.
Everyone but Tom listened intently.
Everyone but Tom looked happy.
Everyone but Tom seemed to be enjoying the party.
Everyone but Tom seemed to enjoy the party.
Everyone but Tom seems to be enjoying the party.
Everyone but Tom swam.
Everyone but Tom was at the meeting.
Everyone but Tom was busy.
Everyone but Tom was invited.
Everyone but Tom was there.
Everyone but Tom went.
Everyone but him can answer this question.
Everyone but him comes from Kyushu.
Everyone but him laughed.
Everyone but me ate dessert.
Everyone but me is busy.
Everyone but me laughed.
Everyone but me seemed to know how to do that.
Everyone but me seemed to know what to do.
Everyone but me seemed to know where to go.
Everyone but me seemed to know who he was.
Everyone but me seemed to know why Tom wasn't there.
Everyone but me was busy.
Everyone but me was invited.
Everyone but my brother went.
Everyone but you laughed.
Everyone called Linda Michael's sister.
Everyone called William a walking disaster.
Everyone called me Tom.
Everyone called out to the singer for an encore.
Everyone calls him Jeff.
Everyone calls him Tom.
Everyone calls me Guilherme, but I go by Augusto as well.
Everyone calls me Tom.
Everyone calmed down.
Everyone came except Dad.
Everyone came except Tom.
Everyone came except for Marco.
Everyone came except for Tom.
Everyone came except her.
Everyone came except him.
Everyone came except you.
Everyone came over.
Everyone came running to Michael.
Everyone came to look.
Everyone came to me.
Everyone came to the blackboard to write down their name.
Everyone came to the party, except Tom.
Everyone came up to Ziri and shook his hand.
Everyone came.
Everyone can be Brazilian.
Everyone can be bought, but the biggest whores are politicians.
Everyone can be friends with whomever they want.
Everyone can be mistaken.
Everyone can contribute.
Everyone can do better if they try.
Everyone can do better.
Everyone can do that.
Everyone can do their bit.
Everyone can feed the database to illustrate new vocabulary.
Everyone can hear it.
Everyone can hear you.
Everyone can help ensure that sentences sound correct, and are correctly spelled.
Everyone can help.
Everyone can join, including girls.
Everyone can live peacefully.
Everyone can make a difference in the world.
Everyone can make a difference in their own lives and thereby collectively make the world a better place for themselves and others around them.
Everyone can make a mistake.
Everyone can offend a boxer, but not everyone has time to apologize.
Everyone can play.
Everyone can predict what the result will be.
Everyone can see how happy he is.
Everyone can see it now.
Everyone can see that I love you, you are my life. The reason for my living is all in you, my dear.
Everyone can see that.
Everyone can see the progress we made.
Everyone can speak French well in Tunisia.
Everyone can speak their own language, but not everyone can write it well.
Everyone can tell she is thoughtful.
Everyone can understand well using Toki Pona.
Everyone can work within their means to bring the Kabyle language to the firmament it deserves. Even if our writings lack rigor, every stone we add to this edifice will be a plus for those who will come to make it even greater. This is why we perpetuate our modest contribution while remaining deaf to the denigration of those who have nothing else to do.
Everyone can't always be right all the time.
Everyone can't be a winner.
Everyone can't be right.
Everyone can’t afford a car.
Everyone celebrated the win.
Everyone celebrated.
Everyone changes at the taste of money.
Everyone changes.
Everyone charged with a penal offence has the right to be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law in a public trial at which he has had all the guarantees necessary for his defence.
Everyone cheered as Gabriel waved from the stage.
Everyone cheered as they watched their brassieres burn; did they anticipate that this would come to be an iconic image of second-wave feminism?
Everyone cheered his name.
Everyone cheered.
Everyone chooses the life they want to lead, there's little you can do about it.
Everyone chose him to speak at the conference.
Everyone claims that it's harder to play comic roles than others, but that's not true at all. Doing a good job is always difficult, in any area.
Everyone clapped at the end of the concert.
Everyone cleared out of the restaurant after the pepper spray incident.
Everyone comes out of hiding and shouts "SURPRISE!"
Everyone comes to Tom for advice.
Everyone comes to her for advice.
Everyone comes to him for advice.
Everyone coming to the party must bring their own contribution to the food and drink.
Everyone coming together is an example of fusion.
Everyone complained about the unfair treatment.
Everyone complains about their memory, no one about their understanding.
Everyone congratulated Tom and Mary.
Everyone congratulated Tom.
Everyone considered him a fool.
Everyone considers Nomo a great pitcher.
Everyone considers Tom prudent and sensible.
Everyone considers Tom to be a prudent and sensible person.
Everyone considers him the best doctor in the city.
Everyone considers him to be honest.
Everyone considers me a hero.
Everyone considers the limits of their own field of vision to be the limits of the world.
Everyone conspired against Tom.
Everyone could easily see Tom's disappointment.
Everyone could easily see his disappointment.
Everyone could hear what Tom said.
Everyone could see that.
Everyone creates his own destiny.
Everyone cried except me.
Everyone cries.
Everyone criticized him because of his opinion.
Everyone crowded around the fantastic dancer.
Everyone danced.
Everyone decides for themselves whether or not it is important.
Everyone decides for themselves.
Everyone described Layla as a saint.
Everyone described Tom as a saint.
Everyone deserves a break.
Everyone deserves a chance.
Everyone deserves a fair shot, not just a few.
Everyone deserves a second chance.
Everyone deserves good things, including me.
Everyone deserves good things, including you.
Everyone deserves happiness.
Everyone deserves the freedom to express themselves.
Everyone deserves the freedom to love and be loved, regardless of their sexual orientation.
Everyone deserves their privacy.
Everyone deserves to be treated with respect.
Everyone deserves to feel cute sometimes.
Everyone deserves to feel fresh and clean.
Everyone did a fabulous job.
Everyone did a fantastic job.
Everyone did a great job.
Everyone did a smashing job.
Everyone did as much as they could.
Everyone did it, except Tom.
Everyone did it.
Everyone did that but me.
Everyone did that except Tom.
Everyone did that, but Tom.
Everyone did that, except Tom.
Everyone did that.
Everyone did the work with enthusiasm.
Everyone did the work with gusto.
Everyone did very well.
Everyone did well.
Everyone died.
Everyone dies eventually.
Everyone dies in the end.
Everyone dies one day.
Everyone dies someday.
Everyone dies sooner or later.
Everyone dies.
Everyone dies. I'll grow old too.
Everyone differs and everyone is good.
Everyone differs, everyone is good.
Everyone disagreed with me.
Everyone does it a bit differently.
Everyone does it differently.
Everyone does it, but no one wants to admit it.
Everyone does it, even the teachers.
Everyone does it.
Everyone does that differently.
Everyone does that.
Everyone does what he can.
Everyone does what he wants.
Everyone does what they want.
Everyone does wrong things in their lives.
Everyone doesn't have time.
Everyone drank a glass.
Everyone drank coffee afterwards.
Everyone drank coffee.
Everyone drank half a litre of wine.
Everyone dreams each night, even if we don't remember it the next morning.
Everyone dreams of hitting the big time in Hollywood.
Everyone dreams of living a different kind of life than the one they're living.
Everyone dreams.
Everyone drew their own conclusions.
Everyone during the party was called Tom.
Everyone easily believes what one fears and desires.
Everyone either went through it or is going through it right now.
Everyone else at the party was a lot drunker than I was.
Everyone else at the party was much younger than me.
Everyone else charges more than you do.
Everyone else charges more than you.
Everyone else does it too.
Everyone else does it, too.
Everyone else does it.
Everyone else has gone home for the night.
Everyone else has gone home.
Everyone else hates us.
Everyone else in the room was close to my age.
Everyone else is already there.
Everyone else is doing that.
Everyone else is drinking beer.
Everyone else is dying.
Everyone else is fine.
Everyone else is sleeping.
Everyone else is there.
Everyone else laughed.
Everyone else waited.
Everyone else went into the house.
Everyone else went out.
Everyone encounters conflicts at times.
Everyone enjoyed themselves.
Everyone entered the kitchen.
Everyone envies the rich.
Everyone envies you.
Everyone escaped injury.
Everyone escaped.
Everyone estimates her work highly.
Everyone except Mary knew that Tom was in love with her.
Everyone except Mary knew that she didn't have to do that.
Everyone except Mary knew that she didn't have to go to Boston.
Everyone except Mary knew that she didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everyone except Mary knew that she didn't need to do that.
Everyone except Mary knew that she didn't need to go to Boston.
Everyone except Mary knew that she didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everyone except Tom and John was wearing a tie.
Everyone except Tom and Mary are already here.
Everyone except Tom and Mary are planning to be there.
Everyone except Tom and Mary have already gone home.
Everyone except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to do that.
Everyone except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to go to Boston.
Everyone except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everyone except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to do that.
Everyone except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to go to Boston.
Everyone except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everyone except Tom and Mary left.
Everyone except Tom ate pizza.
Everyone except Tom brought a surfboard.
Everyone except Tom is already here.
Everyone except Tom is planning to be there.
Everyone except Tom knew Mary was in love with him.
Everyone except Tom knew he didn't have to do that.
Everyone except Tom knew he didn't have to go to Australia.
Everyone except Tom knew he didn't have to go to Boston.
Everyone except Tom knew he didn't have to stay in Australia.
Everyone except Tom knew he didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everyone except Tom knew he didn't need to do that.
Everyone except Tom knew he didn't need to go to Australia.
Everyone except Tom knew he didn't need to go to Boston.
Everyone except Tom knew he didn't need to stay in Australia.
Everyone except Tom knew he didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everyone except Tom knew that Mary was in love with him.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't have to do that.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't have to go to Australia.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't have to go to Boston.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't have to stay in Australia.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't need to go to Australia.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't need to go to Boston.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't need to stay in Australia.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everyone except Tom knew what was going on.
Everyone except Tom left.
Everyone except Tom looked tired.
Everyone except Tom said they felt fine.
Everyone except Tom sat down.
Everyone except Tom seemed to be having fun.
Everyone except Tom was present.
Everyone except Tom was standing.
Everyone except Tom was wearing a tie.
Everyone except Tom went to the party.
Everyone except for Tom brought a surfboard.
Everyone except me is busy.
Everyone except me knew it.
Everyone except me knew what was going on.
Everyone except me seemed to know his name.
Everyone except me was against that plan.
Everyone except me was invited.
Everyone except the judge left the courtroom.
Everyone except us knew what was going on.
Everyone except you came with a partner.
Everyone exits in the back of the bus.
Everyone expected an attack.
Everyone expected that the experiment would end in failure.
Everyone expects me to be like my father.
Everyone expects politicians to break their promises to the voters.
Everyone experiences disagreements.
Everyone experiences fear.
Everyone expresses his opinion.
Everyone faces differences of opinion.
Everyone farts.
Everyone feels a little grossed out at the thought of their parents having sex.
Everyone feels pessimistic.
Everyone feels unsatisfied with the life they're living and are constantly looking to have a better and a more satisfying life.
Everyone fell asleep on the bus.
Everyone fell asleep quickly.
Everyone fell asleep.
Everyone fell silent when I entered.
Everyone fell silent when they saw the tournament matchups.
Everyone felt it.
Everyone felt safe.
Everyone felt sorry for Tom.
Everyone felt sorry for her.
Everyone felt sorry for him.
Everyone felt sorry for me.
Everyone felt sorry for them.
Everyone felt sorry for us.
Everyone felt sorry for you.
Everyone felt that way.
Everyone finds different things beautiful.
Everyone for himself and God for us all.
Everyone for himself.
Everyone for themselves and God for us all.
Everyone for themselves!
Everyone for themselves.
Everyone forgot my birthday.
Everyone formed couples and began dancing.
Everyone fought everyone.
Everyone found it interesting.
Everyone found out he was lying.
Everyone found out the truth.
Everyone found that to be an excellent idea.
Everyone freaked out about Ziri blue eyes.
Everyone from here has been there in great numbers.
Everyone froze in horror.
Everyone froze in surprise.
Everyone froze.
Everyone gasps.
Everyone gathered around Tom.
Everyone gathered around for the fireplay, watching the flames twist and dance elegantly.
Everyone gathered around her.
Everyone gathered around him.
Everyone gathered around me.
Everyone gathered around them.
Everyone gathered at the bar.
Everyone gathered for lunch.
Everyone gathered together for the picture.
Everyone gathered together in the open space to meet.
Everyone gave Tom a telling-off.
Everyone gave Tom a ticking-off.
Everyone gave Tom an earful.
Everyone gave their opinion.
Everyone get down!
Everyone get out of the twilight!
Everyone get up and put your children on your shoulders.
Everyone gets a second chance with Tom.
Everyone gets along.
Everyone gets angry, and some things are infuriating.
Everyone gets angry.
Everyone gets it wrong at first.
Everyone gets mad when someone jumps the queue.
Everyone gets one vote.
Everyone gets their share.
Everyone gets what they deserve.
Everyone giggled.
Everyone gives advice, but not when you need it.
Everyone go away.
Everyone go home.
Everyone goes through moments of disagreement.
Everyone gossips.
Everyone got drunk, except for me.
Everyone got drunker.
Everyone got excited by the news of the victory.
Everyone got into the car.
Everyone got irritated.
Everyone got murdered.
Everyone got off the bus because it had broken down.
Everyone got off the bus.
Everyone got off the coach because it had broken down.
Everyone got out of the burning building safely.
Everyone got sick.
Everyone got something for Christmas.
Everyone got up and left.
Everyone got up and started dancing.
Everyone got up to leave.
Everyone got up.
Everyone grasps speech according to their own perception.
Everyone gushes over how cute Mary's dog is.
Everyone had a bike.
Everyone had a concerned look on their faces.
Everyone had a glass.
Everyone had a good time at the party.
Everyone had a good time.
Everyone had a good year.
Everyone had a great night.
Everyone had a great time.
Everyone had a hat on except Tom.
Everyone had a mask on but Robert.
Everyone had a smile on their face.
Everyone had a story to tell.
Everyone had come except you.
Everyone had each other's back.
Everyone had fun.
Everyone had gifts, from grandfather down to the baby.
Everyone had left by the time I arrived.
Everyone had left, and he stayed there.
Everyone had nicknames for that teacher.
Everyone had one as though it were a matter of course, but sure enough they were expensive.
Everyone had recognized him.
Everyone had their reasons.
Everyone had to do that.
Everyone had to do this.
Everyone had to learn English.
Everyone had to learn French.
Everyone had to start working.
Everyone had to take a turn.
Everyone has a backside.
Everyone has a bedroom.
Everyone has a bottom.
Everyone has a breaking point.
Everyone has a bum.
Everyone has a butt.
Everyone has a character of his own.
Everyone has a character to admire.
Everyone has a desire to be liked, It's perfectly natural.
Everyone has a different mental state and stress tolerance level.
Everyone has a different perception of color. What I call yellow, others would call orange.
Everyone has a father and a mother.
Everyone has a favorite.
Everyone has a hat on except Tom.
Everyone has a hero.
Everyone has a hidden side.
Everyone has a house to go to, a home where they can find shelter. My house is the desert, my home the barren heath. The north wind is my fire, the rain my only bath.
Everyone has a life.
Everyone has a name.
Everyone has a need for it.
Everyone has a plan till they get punched in the mouth.
Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the mouth.
Everyone has a price.
Everyone has a right to absence.
Everyone has a right to enjoy his liberty, and all the more, his life.
Everyone has a right to enjoy his liberty, much more his life.
Everyone has a right to enjoy his liberty.
Everyone has a right to have no rights.
Everyone has a right to live.
Everyone has a right to say what he thinks.
Everyone has a right to their opinion.
Everyone has a role to play.
Everyone has a signed contract.
Everyone has a story.
Everyone has a voice.
Everyone has a wish of some kind.
Everyone has already gone inside.
Everyone has already left.
Everyone has an accent.
Everyone has an area of interest.
Everyone has an arse.
Everyone has arrived apart from Mark.
Everyone has been affected.
Everyone has been betrayed.
Everyone has been looking for you.
Everyone has been really supportive.
Everyone has been so lovely.
Everyone has been there.
Everyone has both strong and weak points.
Everyone has calmed down.
Everyone has challenges in life.
Everyone has come except for you.
Everyone has died after the alien invasion.
Everyone has different looks.
Everyone has domestic troubles from time to time.
Everyone has dreams.
Everyone has dumb ideas, but smart people keep them to themselves.
Everyone has duties to the community in which alone the free and full development of his personality is possible.
Everyone has enemies.
Everyone has faults.
Everyone has flaws.
Everyone has forgiven Elias.
Everyone has forgotten about Tom and me.
Everyone has forgotten about Tom.
Everyone has given their all this evening.
Everyone has gone crazy.
Everyone has gone mad.
Everyone has good points and bad points.
Everyone has got a first language.
Everyone has got his own problem.
Everyone has had a good laugh at your expense!
Everyone has his intellectual desire.
Everyone has his intellectual desire; mine is to escape life as I know it.
Everyone has his own reality.
Everyone has his own treasure.
Everyone has his own truth.
Everyone has his price.
Everyone has learned that teleworking can be very productive during a pandemic.
Everyone has left except Tom and Mary.
Everyone has left in a hurry.
Everyone has left.
Everyone has medical coverage.
Everyone has moved to Algiers.
Everyone has natural talents.
Everyone has off days.
Everyone has one or two areas where they feel inferior to others.
Everyone has points of weakness.
Everyone has prejudices; what matters is how you address them.
Everyone has problems.
Everyone has pronouns.
Everyone has qualities that make them unique.
Everyone has really been wonderful.
Everyone has received a sufficient amount of food and clothing.
Everyone has secrets.
Everyone has seen the movie.
Everyone has seven fingers and three toes.
Everyone has signed a contract.
Everyone has skeletons in the closet.
Everyone has skeletons in their closet.
Everyone has some kind of god, even if that "god" is reason.
Everyone has something that's troubling him.
Everyone has something to hide.
Everyone has something to lose.
Everyone has something to say.
Everyone has something valuable to offer the world.
Everyone has stopped working.
Everyone has strengths and weaknesses.
Everyone has strengths.
Everyone has stupid thoughts, but the wise conceal them.
Everyone has taken time to adjust.
Everyone has the right freely to participate in the cultural life of the community, to enjoy the arts and to share in scientific advancement and its benefits.
Everyone has the right of equal access to public service in his country.
Everyone has the right to a nationality.
Everyone has the right to a standard of living adequate for the health and well-being of himself and of his family, including food, clothing, housing and medical care and necessary social services, and the right to security in the event of unemployment, sickness, disability, widowhood, old age or other lack of livelihood in circumstances beyond his control.
Everyone has the right to an effective remedy by the competent national tribunals for acts violating the fundamental rights granted him by the constitution or by law.
Everyone has the right to assemble and associate freely.
Everyone has the right to be stupid. Some people just abuse that privilege.
Everyone has the right to choose their own life path.
Everyone has the right to defend themself.
Everyone has the right to defend themselves.
Everyone has the right to education.
Everyone has the right to education. Education shall be free, at least in the elementary and fundamental stages. Elementary education shall be compulsory. Technical and professional education shall be made generally available and higher education shall be equally accessible to all on the basis of merit.
Everyone has the right to feel safe.
Everyone has the right to form and to join trade unions for the protection of his interests.
Everyone has the right to freedom of movement and residence within the borders of each State.
Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression; this right includes freedom to hold opinions without interference and to seek, receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers.
Everyone has the right to freedom of peaceful assembly and association.
Everyone has the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion; this right includes freedom to change his religion or belief, and freedom, either alone or in community with others and in public or private, to manifest his religion or belief in teaching, practice, worship and observance.
Everyone has the right to go crazy.
Everyone has the right to leave any country, including his own, and to return to his country.
Everyone has the right to liberty.
Everyone has the right to life, liberty and security of person.
Everyone has the right to life, liberty and the security of person.
Everyone has the right to live their life as they choose.
Everyone has the right to lose their mind.
Everyone has the right to make mistakes.
Everyone has the right to own property alone as well as in association with others.
Everyone has the right to personal freedom.
Everyone has the right to personal liberty.
Everyone has the right to receive equal pay for equal work without any form of discrimination.
Everyone has the right to recognition everywhere as a person before the law.
Everyone has the right to refuse.
Everyone has the right to rest and leisure, including reasonable limitation of working hours and periodic holidays with pay.
Everyone has the right to seek and to enjoy in other countries asylum from persecution.
Everyone has the right to take part in the government of his country, directly or through freely chosen representatives.
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific, literary or artistic production of which he is the author.
Everyone has the right to work, to free choice of employment, to just and favourable conditions of work and to protection against unemployment.
Everyone has the right to working conditions that meet the requirements of safety and hygiene, remuneration for work without discrimination, and social protection from unemployment.
Everyone has their breaking point.
Everyone has their cross to bear.
Everyone has their ghosts.
Everyone has their own bedroom.
Everyone has their own burdens.
Everyone has their own flaws.
Everyone has their own idea.
Everyone has their own issues.
Everyone has their own knowledge.
Everyone has their own opinion.
Everyone has their own path in life.
Everyone has their own perspective.
Everyone has their own point of view.
Everyone has their own point of view. Don't expect mine to be the same as yours.
Everyone has their own preferences in intimacy.
Everyone has their own problems.
Everyone has their own reality.
Everyone has their own room.
Everyone has their own set of truths.
Everyone has their own star.
Everyone has their own strong and weak points.
Everyone has their own style of clothing.
Everyone has their own style.
Everyone has their own truth.
Everyone has their own way of eating.
Everyone has their own way of thinking.
Everyone has their own way.
Everyone has their own worries.
Everyone has their price, including Ziri.
Everyone has their price.
Everyone has their price; the important thing is to find out what it is.
Everyone has their rights.
Everyone has those days.
Everyone has those days. That's how I am everyday.
Everyone has to adjust.
Everyone has to be in long sleeves.
Everyone has to be responsible.
Everyone has to be somewhere.
Everyone has to die eventually.
Everyone has to die.
Everyone has to do that.
Everyone has to do their part.
Everyone has to do this.
Everyone has to follow their own fate that was bestowed upon them in life.
Everyone has to gain his rightful place in the valley.
Everyone has to go sometime.
Everyone has to go through death someday.
Everyone has to go.
Everyone has to learn the word by heart.
Everyone has to learn the words by heart.
Everyone has to make an effort.
Everyone has to memorize those words.
Everyone has to obey the constitution.
Everyone has to start somewhere.
Everyone has to stay.
Everyone has to visit Algeria.
Everyone has troubles in life, at some point or another.
Everyone has universal possibilities.
Everyone has visited xvideos.com at least once.
Everyone has voted.
Everyone has vulnerabilities.
Everyone has what he deserves.
Everyone has within themselves the potential to be a Buddha.
Everyone hated Mennad.
Everyone hated it.
Everyone hated that teacher.
Everyone hated that.
Everyone hates Tom.
Everyone hates arrogant people.
Everyone hates her for her castrating wit.
Everyone hates her.
Everyone hates him for his sarcasm.
Everyone hates him.
Everyone hates him. He knows why.
Everyone hates it.
Everyone hates know-it-alls.
Everyone hates me because I'm ugly.
Everyone hates me.
Everyone hates taxes.
Everyone hates their own voice at first.
Everyone hates us.
Everyone hates you because you lie all the time. You get what you deserve.
Everyone hates you.
Everyone heard Claudio.
Everyone heard that.
Everyone heard the new track.
Everyone heard what they wanted to hear.
Everyone hears only what he understands.
Everyone held their breath to see who would win the presidential election.
Everyone helped each other out.
Everyone helped each other.
Everyone helps each other.
Everyone helps everyone.
Everyone here already knows about it.
Everyone here already seems to be with a partner... what am I going to do?
Everyone here but Tom and Mary has done that.
Everyone here but Tom and Mary have done that.
Everyone here but Tom has done that.
Everyone here but Tom has lived in Australia.
Everyone here but Tom has lived in Boston.
Everyone here but me has done that.
Everyone here but me has lived in Australia.
Everyone here but me has lived in Boston.
Everyone here but you has done that.
Everyone here can speak French.
Everyone here comes from Algiers, I guess.
Everyone here creeps me out.
Everyone here deserves a pat on the back.
Everyone here deserves congratulations.
Everyone here earns more than me.
Everyone here except Tom and Mary has done that.
Everyone here except Tom and Mary have done that.
Everyone here except Tom has done that.
Everyone here except Tom has lived in Australia.
Everyone here except Tom has lived in Boston.
Everyone here except me has done that.
Everyone here except me has lived in Australia.
Everyone here except me has lived in Boston.
Everyone here except us has done that.
Everyone here except you has done that.
Everyone here except you is from Australia.
Everyone here except you is from Boston.
Everyone here is afraid of Tom.
Everyone here is afraid of her.
Everyone here is afraid of him.
Everyone here is afraid of me.
Everyone here is afraid of them.
Everyone here is afraid of us.
Everyone here is afraid of you.
Everyone here is better off without Donald.
Everyone here is bilingual except Tom.
Everyone here is friendly.
Everyone here is great.
Everyone here is named Tom.
Everyone here is paid a fixed wage.
Everyone here is so kind and caring.
Everyone here knows Tom did that.
Everyone here knows Tom doesn't eat pork.
Everyone here knows Tom is in Australia.
Everyone here knows Tom is in Boston.
Everyone here knows Tom speaks very good French.
Everyone here knows Tom.
Everyone here knows everyone else.
Everyone here knows me.
Everyone here knows that Tom did that.
Everyone here knows that Tom doesn't eat pork.
Everyone here knows that Tom is in Australia.
Everyone here knows that Tom is in Boston.
Everyone here knows that Tom speaks very good French.
Everyone here knows that we can't trust Tom.
Everyone here knows that we don't eat pork.
Everyone here knows that we won't be able to do that.
Everyone here knows that we're Canadians.
Everyone here knows that you don't eat pork.
Everyone here knows we can't trust Tom.
Everyone here knows we don't eat pork.
Everyone here knows we won't be able to do that.
Everyone here knows we're Canadians.
Everyone here knows you can't trust Tom.
Everyone here knows you don't eat pork.
Everyone here knows you.
Everyone here knows your name.
Everyone here likes Tom except Mary.
Everyone here likes Tom very much.
Everyone here likes Tom.
Everyone here likes her.
Everyone here likes him.
Everyone here likes me.
Everyone here likes them.
Everyone here likes us.
Everyone here likes you.
Everyone here looks so young.
Everyone here speaks French.
Everyone here understands French.
Everyone here wants to lose weight.
Everyone hesitated.
Everyone hid.
Everyone hits a wall when dieting.
Everyone holds him in high regard.
Everyone hoped Tom would win.
Everyone hoped for a snow flurry for Christmas.
Everyone hoped that Tom would win.
Everyone hoped that she would win.
Everyone hopes the recession will end soon.
Everyone hugged Tom.
Everyone hurried outside.
Everyone hurried to their seats.
Everyone ignored Tom.
Everyone ignored her.
Everyone ignored him during lunch.
Everyone ignored him.
Everyone ignored it.
Everyone ignored me.
Everyone ignored them.
Everyone ignored us.
Everyone ignored what Tom was doing.
Everyone immediately understood everything.
Everyone in Algeria knows that oil is a limited resource.
Everyone in Algeria knows that oil won't last forever.
Everyone in Algiers is talking about that.
Everyone in America can easily have a gun if he wants it.
Everyone in Cuba likes it.
Everyone in Europe is a mixture, and neither political nor linguistic borders correspond to haplotypes.
Everyone in Hawaii received an emergency alert that a ballistic missile was inbound.
Everyone in Mary's class likes her.
Everyone in Papua New Guinea knows how to speak Tok Pisin.
Everyone in Tom's class caught the flu.
Everyone in Tom's class likes Tom.
Everyone in Tom's class likes him.
Everyone in Tom's family can swim.
Everyone in Tom's family is really patriotic.
Everyone in her class likes her.
Everyone in here already knows that.
Everyone in his class likes him.
Everyone in his family is tall.
Everyone in life has to go along their own lifepath that they were meant to follow along.
Everyone in life has to go their own way.
Everyone in my family can play a musical instrument.
Everyone in my family can play an instrument.
Everyone in my family can ride a unicycle.
Everyone in my family can sing fairly well.
Everyone in my family enjoys watching TV.
Everyone in my family gets up early.
Everyone in my family is doing OK.
Everyone in my family is happy.
Everyone in my family is healthy.
Everyone in my family is rich.
Everyone in my family is very healthy.
Everyone in my family likes singing.
Everyone in my family was there.
Everyone in my family wears glasses except for me.
Everyone in our class passed the exam.
Everyone in our class passed the test.
Everyone in our family has brown eyes.
Everyone in our family is tall.
Everyone in our family wakes up early.
Everyone in our house is brainweird.
Everyone in our polycule is brainweird in some way.
Everyone in our town knows Tom.
Everyone in school would hate me if I did that.
Everyone in that city has become a vampire.
Everyone in that family has their own car.
Everyone in that town has become a vampire.
Everyone in the apartment block shares a kitchen.
Everyone in the apartment house shares the kitchen.
Everyone in the apartment shared the kitchen.
Everyone in the apartment shares the kitchen.
Everyone in the audience burst into simultaneous laughter.
Everyone in the audience burst out laughing.
Everyone in the audience stood up and cheered.
Everyone in the bar seemed to be with a date.
Everyone in the building got sick.
Everyone in the cannery burnt to death.
Everyone in the car accident is dead.
Everyone in the car said they wanted to get out and stretch their legs.
Everyone in the church joined hands.
Everyone in the city appears to be constantly on the go.
Everyone in the city knows your family.
Everyone in the clan was celebrating Rima’s pregnancy.
Everyone in the class applauded Mary.
Everyone in the class chipped in to buy Tom a going away present.
Everyone in the class climbed the hill.
Everyone in the class has to learn the poem by heart.
Everyone in the class is calm.
Everyone in the class is here today.
Everyone in the class laughed at Tom.
Everyone in the class laughed at me.
Everyone in the class learned the poem by heart.
Everyone in the class likes Tom.
Everyone in the class made fun of Tom's new haircut.
Everyone in the classroom was coughing.
Everyone in the family has stopped eating gluten, wheat, and grains. Now all our chronic maladies have disappeared.
Everyone in the family is Muslim.
Everyone in the family likes BBQ Thursdays.
Everyone in the girls' class brought their own lunch.
Everyone in the girls’ class brought their own lunch.
Everyone in the hallway was glaring at Elias reproachfully.
Everyone in the house heard that sound.
Everyone in the meeting agreed on a course of action.
Everyone in the neighborhood hated the police.
Everyone in the office knew about Tom's problems.
Everyone in the office knows about his problems.
Everyone in the office was impressed with how Tom handled the problem.
Everyone in the office was impressed with the way Tom handled the problem.
Everyone in the restaurant began to stand up to watch the show.
Everyone in the room breathed a sigh of relief.
Everyone in the room burst out laughing when they saw Tom slip on the banana peel.
Everyone in the room checked their watches at the same time.
Everyone in the room did the same thing.
Everyone in the room fell silent.
Everyone in the room knew each other.
Everyone in the room laughed at Tom's joke.
Everyone in the room laughed hysterically.
Everyone in the room laughed.
Everyone in the room looked at Tom.
Everyone in the room looked bored.
Everyone in the room looked in Tom's direction.
Everyone in the room looked interested.
Everyone in the room recognized Tom.
Everyone in the room seemed to agree.
Everyone in the room seemed to be talking at once.
Everyone in the room shook their heads no.
Everyone in the room stopped talking.
Everyone in the room turned to look at Tom.
Everyone in the room was arrested.
Everyone in the room was crying.
Everyone in the room was doing the same thing.
Everyone in the room was snoring except for Tom.
Everyone in the room was stunned by what happened.
Everyone in the shelter!
Everyone in the town knows about it.
Everyone in the town was shocked by what Tom did.
Everyone in the truck was silent.
Everyone in the village called her Little Green Riding Hood.
Everyone in the village knows the doctor.
Everyone in the village plans to be at the picnic.
Everyone in the village still adored Ziri.
Everyone in the village treated her well, but still she was afraid to leave her home.
Everyone in the world starts off with goals set out and a clear purpose. But once these are jumbled up by the torrents of life, everything descends into chaos.
Everyone in their own quagmire.
Everyone in this cult wears orange clothes, just like in jail.
Everyone in this family speaks two languages but me.
Everyone in this group is my friend.
Everyone in this group learned to swim at school.
Everyone in this neighborhood knows you are cheating on me.
Everyone in this photo is now dead.
Everyone in this war has something to lose.
Everyone in this world is sick. They're all liars and hypocrites.
Everyone in town considers Tom a hero.
Everyone in town is gossiping about us.
Everyone in town knows about it.
Everyone in town knows his name.
Everyone in town knows who Tom and Mary are.
Everyone in town knows who Tom is.
Everyone in town likely knows about this by now.
Everyone in town was stunned by Sami's death.
Everyone in town was stunned by Tom's death.
Everyone in your family is tall.
Everyone in your family knows me.
Everyone inside the building felt the earthquake.
Everyone inside the company knows that layoffs are coming, but no one knows if they're going to be laid off.
Everyone instantly fell silent.
Everyone insulted the meat.
Everyone involved is keeping their mouths shut.
Everyone involved was arrested.
Everyone is Algerian here.
Everyone is a blacksmith of their own fate.
Everyone is a drunkard.
Everyone is a friend waiting to be made.
Everyone is a geezer.
Everyone is a moon, and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody.
Everyone is a translator.
Everyone is about to find out that they're going to be laid off.
Everyone is about to find out they're going to be laid off.
Everyone is afraid of Tom.
Everyone is afraid of doing new things.
Everyone is afraid of him.
Everyone is afraid of the leader of the pack.
Everyone is afraid of you.
Everyone is afraid.
Everyone is against Elias.
Everyone is against me.
Everyone is agreed.
Everyone is already tired of Tom.
Everyone is amazed.
Everyone is an Algerian here.
Everyone is an artist.
Everyone is an entrepreneur.
Everyone is angry.
Everyone is anxious to know what has become of the former champion.
Everyone is as unhappy as they consider themselves.
Everyone is asking me how it is to be colorblind.
Everyone is asleep.
Everyone is astonished.
Everyone is at home.
Everyone is at work, and you're doing nothing!
Everyone is at work, and you're doing nothing?
Everyone is averting their eyes.
Everyone is averting their gaze.
Everyone is aware of this.
Everyone is being tested.
Everyone is blind here.
Everyone is born a narcissist.
Everyone is born looking at the world the way a narcissist does, but most grow out of it.
Everyone is busy except me.
Everyone is busy right now.
Everyone is busy with himself.
Everyone is busy.
Everyone is capable of learning a foreign language, but it's all much easier for those with talent.
Everyone is carrying an umbrella.
Everyone is carrying around a skeleton.
Everyone is carrying fans.
Everyone is coming with us.
Everyone is completely worn out.
Everyone is concerned about it.
Everyone is concerned and worried.
Everyone is confused.
Everyone is counting on us.
Everyone is counting on you.
Everyone is dancing.
Everyone is dead.
Everyone is depressed.
Everyone is different and everyone is good.
Everyone is different, and you, more so than others.
Everyone is different, everyone is good.
Everyone is different.
Everyone is doing OK.
Everyone is doing as much as they can.
Everyone is doing it.
Everyone is doing that.
Everyone is doing what they can.
Everyone is doomed to die.
Everyone is drinking, and nearly everyone is smoking.
Everyone is drunk.
Everyone is eating.
Everyone is eligible regardless of nationality.
Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal, in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him.
Everyone is entitled to a social and international order in which the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration can be fully realized.
Everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration, without distinction of any kind, such as race, colour, sex, language, religion, political or other opinion, national or social origin, property, birth or other status.
Everyone is entitled to be capricious now and then.
Everyone is entitled to be moody once in a while.
Everyone is entitled to his own opinion, but not his own facts.
Everyone is entitled to his own opinion.
Everyone is entitled to his own opinions, but not his own facts.
Everyone is entitled to live their life the way they want to live it.
Everyone is entitled to their opinion.
Everyone is entitled to their own perspective.
Everyone is equal before the law.
Everyone is exhausted.
Everyone is expected to abide by the company's established rules.
Everyone is expected to bring their own lunch.
Everyone is expecting action.
Everyone is extraordinary.
Everyone is familiar with the fact that pumice floats upon water; this it does, not because it is a material specifically lighter than water, but because cavities filled with air make up a great part of its bulk. If we pulverise pumice, we find the powder sinks readily in water, but the rock in its natural condition floats for the same reason that an iron ship does—because of the air-chambers which it encloses.
Everyone is fascinated by what comes out of my mouth.
Everyone is feverishly awaiting the holidays.
Everyone is fighting for a place in the sun.
Everyone is foreign.
Everyone is free to contribute.
Everyone is free to do as they please.
Everyone is free to go.
Everyone is friendly to her.
Everyone is getting fidgety.
Everyone is getting older.
Everyone is glad Tom got caught.
Everyone is glad Tom was caught.
Everyone is going home.
Everyone is going to be there.
Everyone is going to call me a liar.
Everyone is going to the beach this summer.
Everyone is going to turn to you at the meeting to answer that question.
Everyone is going.
Everyone is gone now.
Everyone is good at art. They just have to stop comparing and criticizing themselves so harshly. If they're proud of what they've done, that's all that matters.
Everyone is grieving.
Everyone is guilty of all the good they did not do.
Everyone is happy and healthy.
Everyone is happy with the decision, so please don't rock the boat.
Everyone is happy with the decision, so please don’t rock the boat.
Everyone is happy.
Everyone is having a good time.
Everyone is having a lovely time.
Everyone is having fun.
Everyone is helping Tom.
Everyone is here but Tom.
Everyone is here except Peter, who's coming later.
Everyone is here except Tom.
Everyone is here except for Tom.
Everyone is here except for him.
Everyone is here now.
Everyone is here to see you, Tom.
Everyone is here, right?
Everyone is here, we can start.
Everyone is here.
Everyone is here: the grandchildren, the daughter and, of course, the regular customers.
Everyone is holding onto their chair.
Everyone is hoping nothing bad will ever happen in Japan.
Everyone is hoping nothing bad will happen.
Everyone is hoping that nothing bad will happen.
Everyone is hungry.
Everyone is illogical, except me. I know this because I am the only intelligent person in the world.
Everyone is imperfect, and that's OK.
Everyone is in a bad mood.
Everyone is in favor of the new project.
Everyone is in favor of your idea.
Everyone is in the living room watching TV.
Everyone is in their place.
Everyone is insane except me.
Everyone is insane, each in their own way.
Everyone is insane, in his or her own way.
Everyone is inside Tom's trailer.
Everyone is interested in that.
Everyone is invited to attend.
Everyone is invited to dinner tonight!
Everyone is invited to the party, except you.
Everyone is just a number to Tom.
Everyone is just standing by the building, waiting to get in.
Everyone is late on everything, because that’s what it is to be human.
Everyone is laughing at you!
Everyone is listening to the chairperson.
Everyone is locked up at home in self-isolation.
Everyone is looking at Tom.
Everyone is looking at me.
Everyone is looking at the beautiful girl.
Everyone is looking at us.
Everyone is looking at you.
Everyone is looking away.
Everyone is looking for Tom.
Everyone is looking for that.
Everyone is looking for you!
Everyone is looking for you.
Everyone is looking forward to next year.
Everyone is looking forward to watching the game.
Everyone is looking to help.
Everyone is losing their minds.
Everyone is master in his own house.
Everyone is more or less conceited.
Everyone is more or less interested in art.
Everyone is moving.
Everyone is not honest.
Everyone is on holiday.
Everyone is on vacation.
Everyone is outraged.
Everyone is planning to do something different.
Everyone is praising Gunter.
Everyone is praising the vase you painted.
Everyone is present.
Everyone is proud of you.
Everyone is ready to go.
Everyone is ready.
Everyone is really dedicated.
Everyone is really nice here.
Everyone is responsible for his own actions.
Everyone is responsible for his own actions; politicians aren't.
Everyone is responsible for his own stupidity.
Everyone is responsible for their own destiny.
Everyone is saying goodbye to Tom.
Everyone is scared of you.
Everyone is scared.
Everyone is searching for the magical romance of their life, but they only want to pay the price for it with quick, cheap sex!
Everyone is seated at the table except Tom.
Everyone is selfish.
Everyone is silent.
Everyone is singing his song.
Everyone is singing.
Everyone is sleeping.
Everyone is smiling in the picture.
Everyone is smiling.
Everyone is so friendly here.
Everyone is so kind here.
Everyone is so mean to me.
Everyone is so nice here.
Everyone is somewhat conservative.
Everyone is special and unique in their own way.
Everyone is special in their own way.
Everyone is special.
Everyone is standing in line to kiss the ring.
Everyone is standing.
Everyone is staring at Tom.
Everyone is staring at her.
Everyone is staring at him.
Everyone is staring at me.
Everyone is staring at them.
Everyone is staring at us.
Everyone is still asleep.
Everyone is still here.
Everyone is still sleeping.
Everyone is still smiling.
Everyone is still staring at Tom.
Everyone is strange.
Everyone is stupid except me.
Everyone is suffering.
Everyone is taking a turn.
Everyone is talking about Algeria.
Everyone is talking about Tom.
Everyone is talking about Ziri's YouTube channel.
Everyone is talking about her.
Everyone is talking about him.
Everyone is talking about it.
Everyone is talking about me.
Everyone is talking about the crimes of the IDF.
Everyone is talking about the current political crisis in Algeria.
Everyone is talking about them.
Everyone is talking about us.
Everyone is talking about what Tom did.
Everyone is talking about what happened.
Everyone is talking about you.
Everyone is talking at the same time.
Everyone is talking.
Everyone is the same.
Everyone is the smith of his own fortune.
Everyone is there: the grandchildren, the daughter, and the regular customers, too, of course.
Everyone is thinking the same thing.
Everyone is tired after lunch.
Everyone is tired.
Everyone is trying his best.
Everyone is trying to kill Fyodor.
Everyone is unique.
Everyone is upset.
Everyone is very busy.
Everyone is very excited.
Everyone is very happy.
Everyone is very perceptive!
Everyone is very proud of you.
Everyone is very welcome, independent of their nationality.
Everyone is very welcome.
Everyone is waiting anxiously.
Everyone is waiting for Tom to say something.
Everyone is waiting for Tom.
Everyone is waiting for her.
Everyone is waiting for him.
Everyone is waiting for me.
Everyone is waiting for them.
Everyone is waiting for us.
Everyone is waiting for you.
Everyone is waiting in the other room.
Everyone is waiting on you.
Everyone is waiting to see his new film.
Everyone is watching Tom.
Everyone is watching football.
Everyone is watching her.
Everyone is watching him.
Everyone is watching me.
Everyone is watching now.
Everyone is watching soccer.
Everyone is watching them.
Everyone is watching us.
Everyone is watching you purposely hate yourself because you compare yourself to a stupid magazine article.
Everyone is watching you.
Everyone is watching.
Everyone is wearing a mask.
Everyone is wearing name tags.
Everyone is welcome to attend the free event.
Everyone is welcome to come.
Everyone is welcome to join.
Everyone is welcome to participate.
Everyone is welcome.
Everyone is working excitedly, you must not ruin that energy.
Everyone is working.
Everyone is worried about Algeria.
Everyone joined forces to outvote the Islamists.
Everyone joined in on the singing.
Everyone joined in the search.
Everyone joined in with the refrain.
Everyone jumped into the ocean together.
Everyone jumped into the pool.
Everyone jumped into the sea together.
Everyone just stared at Tom and didn't say a thing.
Everyone just stared.
Everyone just started running.
Everyone keeps on smiling.
Everyone keeps shying away from John.
Everyone kept quiet.
Everyone kept talking.
Everyone kept the surprise birthday party for Tom a secret.
Everyone knew Mary cheated on Tom except for Tom.
Everyone knew Michael liked Linda.
Everyone knew Sami had been having an affair.
Everyone knew Sami's family.
Everyone knew Sami.
Everyone knew Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
Everyone knew Tom could speak French well.
Everyone knew Tom didn't like doing that.
Everyone knew Tom didn't like going to Australia.
Everyone knew Tom didn't like going to Boston.
Everyone knew Tom didn't like living in Australia.
Everyone knew Tom didn't like living in Boston.
Everyone knew Tom didn't want to be here.
Everyone knew Tom didn't want to do that.
Everyone knew Tom didn't want to go to Australia.
Everyone knew Tom didn't want to go to Boston.
Everyone knew Tom didn't want to live in Australia.
Everyone knew Tom didn't want to live in Boston.
Everyone knew Tom didn't want to stay in Australia.
Everyone knew Tom didn't want to stay in Boston.
Everyone knew Tom didn't want to visit Australia.
Everyone knew Tom didn't want to visit Boston.
Everyone knew Tom was good at French.
Everyone knew Tom was lying.
Everyone knew Tom was planning to quit his job.
Everyone knew Tom was the one who did it.
Everyone knew Tom was the one who did that.
Everyone knew Tom was unhappy.
Everyone knew Tom wasn't going to do what he said he was going to do.
Everyone knew Tom's true feelings.
Everyone knew Tom.
Everyone knew about it.
Everyone knew everybody else.
Everyone knew everyone else.
Everyone knew he spoke English really well.
Everyone knew he would not be back.
Everyone knew her.
Everyone knew him.
Everyone knew it would be dangerous.
Everyone knew me.
Everyone knew that Sami was at the clinic.
Everyone knew that Tom could speak French well.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't like doing that.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't like going to Australia.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't like going to Boston.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't like living in Australia.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't like living in Boston.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to be here.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to do that.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to go to Australia.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to go to Boston.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to live in Australia.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to live in Boston.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to stay in Australia.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to stay in Boston.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to visit Australia.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to visit Boston.
Everyone knew that Tom was in Boston.
Everyone knew that Tom was lying.
Everyone knew that Tom was unhappy.
Everyone knew that Tom wasn't going to do what he said he was going to do.
Everyone knew that Tom's French had been good.
Everyone knew that Tom's French was good.
Everyone knew that but Tom.
Everyone knew that but me.
Everyone knew that except Tom.
Everyone knew that except me.
Everyone knew that he was a bookworm.
Everyone knew that it was impossible. An ignorant man did not know: he did it.
Everyone knew that the victim's mother was devastated and didn't want them to ask her any more questions.
Everyone knew that.
Everyone knew the song.
Everyone knew them.
Everyone knew this would happen.
Everyone knew us.
Everyone knew what it meant.
Everyone knew what to do.
Everyone knew what to expect.
Everyone knew what was coming.
Everyone knew what went wrong.
Everyone knew who had done that.
Everyone knew.
Everyone knows Bangladesh as a poor country.
Everyone knows Bell invented the telephone.
Everyone knows Elias is a police officer.
Everyone knows French here.
Everyone knows G.I.R.L. is an acronym for Guy In Real Life, obviously.
Everyone knows I don't like Tom.
Everyone knows I hate Tom.
Everyone knows I love freckles.
Everyone knows I take pictures.
Everyone knows I used to live in Australia.
Everyone knows I'm Tom's boyfriend.
Everyone knows I'm Tom's girlfriend.
Everyone knows I'm broke.
Everyone knows Mary is not likely to spring a surprise.
Everyone knows Mr Hashimoto.
Everyone knows Tom agreed to do that.
Everyone knows Tom and I don't like each other.
Everyone knows Tom and I like each other.
Everyone knows Tom and Mary are lying.
Everyone knows Tom and Mary aren't happy here.
Everyone knows Tom and Mary like each other.
Everyone knows Tom and Mary were the ones who broke the window.
Everyone knows Tom and Mary.
Everyone knows Tom can speak French.
Everyone knows Tom can't do that.
Everyone knows Tom can't win.
Everyone knows Tom did that.
Everyone knows Tom doesn't like Mary.
Everyone knows Tom has a thing for you.
Everyone knows Tom has poor people skills.
Everyone knows Tom is a strange guy.
Everyone knows Tom is innocent.
Everyone knows Tom is lying.
Everyone knows Tom isn't happy here.
Everyone knows Tom lied.
Everyone knows Tom likes Mary.
Everyone knows Tom lives in Boston.
Everyone knows Tom speaks good French.
Everyone knows Tom speaks good Gaulish.
Everyone knows Tom was the one who broke the window.
Everyone knows Tom won't do that.
Everyone knows Tom won't really do that.
Everyone knows Tom won't win.
Everyone knows Tom.
Everyone knows Yanni's school.
Everyone knows about Tom's disappearance.
Everyone knows about Tom.
Everyone knows about her.
Everyone knows about him.
Everyone knows about that.
Everyone knows about the problem, but no one talks about it.
Everyone knows about them.
Everyone knows about us.
Everyone knows and loves this holiday.
Everyone knows bees drink honey.
Everyone knows each other.
Everyone knows everyone else.
Everyone knows everyone here.
Everyone knows everyone.
Everyone knows everything, don't they?
Everyone knows except you.
Everyone knows he lost his leg in the war.
Everyone knows he'd be the last person to break a promise.
Everyone knows he's gay.
Everyone knows her Achilles' heel.
Everyone knows her at school.
Everyone knows her.
Everyone knows him.
Everyone knows his name.
Everyone knows how candles work.
Everyone knows how to write his or her own name.
Everyone knows it now.
Everyone knows it was Tom who did that.
Everyone knows it was Tom.
Everyone knows it wasn't Tom.
Everyone knows it wasn't me.
Everyone knows it wasn't your fault.
Everyone knows it worked.
Everyone knows it's Tom.
Everyone knows it's true.
Everyone knows it.
Everyone knows me there.
Everyone knows me.
Everyone knows my name.
Everyone knows my story.
Everyone knows of his affection for that dog.
Everyone knows on one level or another what is right and what is wrong; some pretend they don't.
Everyone knows on one level or another what is right and what is wrong; some pretend they don’t.
Everyone knows our names.
Everyone knows pigs can't fly.
Everyone knows save you.
Everyone knows she's guilty.
Everyone knows that Algeria is in North Africa.
Everyone knows that Bell invented the telephone.
Everyone knows that I don't like Tom.
Everyone knows that I hate Tom.
Everyone knows that I take pictures.
Everyone knows that I'm Tom's boyfriend.
Everyone knows that I'm Tom's girlfriend.
Everyone knows that I'm broke.
Everyone knows that Jessie has a thing for you.
Everyone knows that Kabylie is in northeastern Algeria.
Everyone knows that Kabylie is part of Algeria.
Everyone knows that Tom agreed to do that.
Everyone knows that Tom and I don't like each other.
Everyone knows that Tom and I like each other.
Everyone knows that Tom and Mary like each other.
Everyone knows that Tom can speak French.
Everyone knows that Tom can't do that.
Everyone knows that Tom can't win.
Everyone knows that Tom did that.
Everyone knows that Tom doesn't like Mary.
Everyone knows that Tom has a thing for you.
Everyone knows that Tom has poor people skills.
Everyone knows that Tom is innocent.
Everyone knows that Tom is lying.
Everyone knows that Tom is the best.
Everyone knows that Tom isn't happy here.
Everyone knows that Tom lied.
Everyone knows that Tom likes Mary.
Everyone knows that Tom loves Mary.
Everyone knows that Tom speaks good French.
Everyone knows that Tom speaks good Gaulish.
Everyone knows that Tom was the one who broke the window.
Everyone knows that Tom won't do that.
Everyone knows that Tom won't really do that.
Everyone knows that Tom won't tolerate it.
Everyone knows that Tom won't win.
Everyone knows that Tom's French is good.
Everyone knows that Tom's Gaulish is good.
Everyone knows that Yanni is not big on commitment.
Everyone knows that an escort service offers more than a good massage.
Everyone knows that beauty requires sacrifice.
Everyone knows that by far the happiest and universally enjoyable age of man is the first. What is there about babies which makes us hug and kiss and fondle them, so that even an enemy would give them help at that age?
Everyone knows that he worked hard to get to the top of the company.
Everyone knows that he's no saint. By defending him, we'd be accepting and encouraging his views.
Everyone knows that he's still alive.
Everyone knows that he’s still alive.
Everyone knows that his wife cheated on him with another man.
Everyone knows that it was Tom who did that.
Everyone knows that it wasn't your fault.
Everyone knows that it worked.
Everyone knows that luck and wealth elicit envy.
Everyone knows that mosquitoes multiply in water; so, in dry places, cover open water containers to reduce the number of mosquitoes around you.
Everyone knows that pigs can't fly.
Everyone knows that she has done everything she could for her children.
Everyone knows that she's understanding.
Everyone knows that that's not going to happen.
Everyone knows that the firm hand of Kim Jung-Un runs everything in North Korea.
Everyone knows that the moon is only a ball of golden yellow cheese.
Everyone knows that the moon is only a block of yellowish cheese.
Everyone knows that there is something new in this old capital.
Everyone knows that they like each other.
Everyone knows that this chemical is harmful to man.
Everyone knows that two heads are better than one.
Everyone knows that two plus two equals four.
Everyone knows that we did that.
Everyone knows that we didn't do that.
Everyone knows that we don't know what we're doing.
Everyone knows that we don't like each other.
Everyone knows that we killed Tom.
Everyone knows that we like each other.
Everyone knows that we love Tom.
Everyone knows that we went to Boston.
Everyone knows that we're in love with Tom.
Everyone knows that we're rich.
Everyone knows that where I come from.
Everyone knows that you hit Tom.
Everyone knows that you're a liar.
Everyone knows that you're lying.
Everyone knows that's Tom's car.
Everyone knows that's not going to happen.
Everyone knows that.
Everyone knows that. Why don't you know it?
Everyone knows the law.
Everyone knows the moon is made of cheese.
Everyone knows the news.
Everyone knows their names.
Everyone knows there is no such thing as a perfect person.
Everyone knows these are scams.
Everyone knows these days that tobacco causes lung cancer.
Everyone knows they like each other, except for them.
Everyone knows they like each other, except them.
Everyone knows they like each other.
Everyone knows this.
Everyone knows two plus two equals four.
Everyone knows us.
Everyone knows we did that.
Everyone knows we didn't do that.
Everyone knows we don't know what we're doing.
Everyone knows we don't like each other.
Everyone knows we killed Tom.
Everyone knows we like each other.
Everyone knows we love Tom.
Everyone knows we went to Boston.
Everyone knows we're in love with Tom.
Everyone knows we're rich.
Everyone knows what Algerian special forces are capable of doing to terrorist groups.
Everyone knows what Algerian special forces can do to terrorists.
Everyone knows what Pokemon GO is.
Everyone knows what Tom did.
Everyone knows what Tom is doing.
Everyone knows what a fly agaric looks like.
Everyone knows what a fly agaric mushroom looks like.
Everyone knows what happened next.
Everyone knows what it means.
Everyone knows what the rules are.
Everyone knows what they have to do, right?
Everyone knows what they're doing.
Everyone knows what to do, right?
Everyone knows what to expect.
Everyone knows what'll happen next.
Everyone knows what's going on.
Everyone knows whether you are an artist or a bungler.
Everyone knows who I am.
Everyone knows who Tom and Mary are.
Everyone knows who Tom is.
Everyone knows who did this.
Everyone knows who killed Tom.
Everyone knows who started this.
Everyone knows who you are.
Everyone knows you can't make it.
Everyone knows you did that.
Everyone knows you didn't do that.
Everyone knows you fancy her.
Everyone knows you hit Tom.
Everyone knows you killed Tom.
Everyone knows you like her.
Everyone knows you like him.
Everyone knows you love Mary.
Everyone knows you love Tom.
Everyone knows you love her.
Everyone knows you love him.
Everyone knows you love them.
Everyone knows you went to Australia.
Everyone knows you went to Boston.
Everyone knows you're a liar.
Everyone knows you're crazy about him.
Everyone knows you're in love with Tom.
Everyone knows you're lying.
Everyone knows you're racist punks.
Everyone knows you're racist thugs.
Everyone knows you're racists.
Everyone knows you're rich.
Everyone knows you're together.
Everyone knows you.
Everyone knows your password.
Everyone knows.
Everyone laughed at Tom's joke.
Everyone laughed at Tom's jokes.
Everyone laughed at Tom's new car.
Everyone laughed at Tom.
Everyone laughed at her mistake.
Everyone laughed at him.
Everyone laughed at me on the beach.
Everyone laughed at me yesterday.
Everyone laughed at me.
Everyone laughed at my idea.
Everyone laughed at the speaker's joke.
Everyone laughed at the speaker’s joke.
Everyone laughed at the story.
Everyone laughed at this mistake.
Everyone laughed at us.
Everyone laughed at you, didn't they?
Everyone laughed but me.
Everyone laughed except Tom.
Everyone laughed except for Tom.
Everyone laughed except for me.
Everyone laughed except her.
Everyone laughed except him.
Everyone laughed except me.
Everyone laughed except them.
Everyone laughed except us.
Everyone laughed except you.
Everyone laughed loudly at the joke.
Everyone laughed, except Tom.
Everyone laughed, including Tom.
Everyone laughed, including me.
Everyone laughed.
Everyone laughs at my incredibly strange accent.
Everyone laughs at someone who makes a mistake.
Everyone learns differently.
Everyone learns from each other.
Everyone left Tom.
Everyone left after Tom started ranting about the Rothschilds.
Everyone left except Tom.
Everyone left except for us.
Everyone left except her.
Everyone left except him.
Everyone left except me.
Everyone left except them.
Everyone left except us.
Everyone left the convention early.
Everyone left the hall.
Everyone left the party.
Everyone left the room.
Everyone left us alone.
Everyone left, except for us.
Everyone left.
Everyone lied to me.
Everyone lied to you.
Everyone lies to me.
Everyone lies!
Everyone lies.
Everyone liked Tom's optimism.
Everyone liked Tom.
Everyone liked her because she was very kind.
Everyone liked her.
Everyone liked him.
Everyone liked it.
Everyone liked me.
Everyone liked that.
Everyone liked them.
Everyone liked us.
Everyone liked you.
Everyone liked your poem.
Everyone likes Fumio because he is honest.
Everyone likes Tom.
Everyone likes a peacock dance.
Everyone likes beautiful things.
Everyone likes big pizzas.
Everyone likes chips.
Everyone likes chocolate cake.
Everyone likes couscous.
Everyone likes crisps.
Everyone likes figs.
Everyone likes films like that.
Everyone likes free food.
Everyone likes free stuff, right?
Everyone likes free stuff.
Everyone likes her.
Everyone likes him.
Everyone likes ice cream.
Everyone likes it here.
Everyone likes it.
Everyone likes me.
Everyone likes milk chocolate.
Everyone likes pizza.
Everyone likes potato chips.
Everyone likes snow.
Everyone likes squirrels.
Everyone likes the zoo.
Everyone likes them.
Everyone likes this festival very much.
Everyone likes this place.
Everyone likes this teacher.
Everyone likes those kinds of films.
Everyone likes to save money.
Everyone likes to sing.
Everyone likes vuvuzelas!
Everyone likes winning.
Everyone likes you.
Everyone listened and was very happy, thinking this wedding was both original and meaningful.
Everyone listened attentively.
Everyone listened politely.
Everyone listened to Fyodor’s piece.
Everyone listened to Tom's story.
Everyone listened.
Everyone listens to the song and gets excited.
Everyone lived.
Everyone lives for themselves.
Everyone loathes him.
Everyone lol'd at the joke.
Everyone looked at Daniel in amazement.
Everyone looked at Mary to see what she'd do.
Everyone looked at Tom again.
Everyone looked at Tom and Mary to see what they'd do.
Everyone looked at Tom as if he'd lost his mind.
Everyone looked at Tom like he'd lost his mind.
Everyone looked at Tom to see what he'd do.
Everyone looked at Tom.
Everyone looked at Yuri with condemning glances.
Everyone looked at each other incredulously.
Everyone looked at her.
Everyone looked at him like he was crazy.
Everyone looked at him.
Everyone looked at it carefully.
Everyone looked at me.
Everyone looked at my feet.
Everyone looked at them.
Everyone looked at us.
Everyone looked away.
Everyone looked confused and terrified.
Everyone looked for the missing kid.
Everyone looked happy.
Everyone looked like they had been eating lemons.
Everyone looked on me as a leader.
Everyone looked out the window to see what was happening.
Everyone looked over at Tom.
Everyone looked over at her.
Everyone looked over at him.
Everyone looked over at them.
Everyone looked pleased apart from her.
Everyone looked pleased apart from him.
Everyone looked puzzled.
Everyone looked relaxed and happy.
Everyone looked relaxed.
Everyone looked relieved.
Everyone looked shocked.
Everyone looked small next to him.
Everyone looked surprised.
Everyone looked unhappy.
Everyone looked up.
Everyone looked.
Everyone looks at everything through their own lens.
Everyone looks at me as if I'm a strange person.
Everyone looks at me like I'm weird.
Everyone looks confused.
Everyone looks exhausted.
Everyone looks for lice in their neighborhood.
Everyone looks great.
Everyone looks happy.
Everyone looks scared but Tom.
Everyone looks so happy to be there.
Everyone looks the same, except the one doing a handstand.
Everyone looks the same, except the one standing on his head.
Everyone looks tired.
Everyone looks uncomfortable.
Everyone looks worried.
Everyone loses in war.
Everyone loses.
Everyone loved John because he was interesting.
Everyone loved Sami.
Everyone loved Tom very much.
Everyone loved Tom.
Everyone loved it.
Everyone loved the cheesecake I baked yesterday.
Everyone loves German efficiency.
Everyone loves Mac.
Everyone loves McDonald's.
Everyone loves Tom very much.
Everyone loves Tom.
Everyone loves a Halloween party.
Everyone loves a free lunch.
Everyone loves a freebie.
Everyone loves a story where the protagonists go from rags to riches.
Everyone loves a winner.
Everyone loves an exquisite turn of phrase. And he seems to have the knack of finding exactly the right words for any occasion.
Everyone loves fluffy towels.
Everyone loves football.
Everyone loves free stuff.
Everyone loves freebies.
Everyone loves french fries; it's a given.
Everyone loves fresh bread.
Everyone loves gifts.
Everyone loves her and her family.
Everyone loves her.
Everyone loves him.
Everyone loves his country.
Everyone loves honey.
Everyone loves it.
Everyone loves jokes.
Everyone loves marionettes.
Everyone loves me.
Everyone loves pizza.
Everyone loves playing outside.
Everyone loves puppets.
Everyone loves sports.
Everyone loves that place.
Everyone loves that show, even though all the jokes are scripted.
Everyone loves the father.
Everyone loves their father.
Everyone loves this teacher.
Everyone loves those stories.
Everyone loves to hear praise, but over-praise has the opposite effect of sounding insincere.
Everyone loves to play outside.
Everyone loves winners.
Everyone loves winter.
Everyone loves you.
Everyone loves your fine cooking.
Everyone made fun of Tom.
Everyone made fun of me.
Everyone made it back safely.
Everyone made it to the party.
Everyone made it, except Tom.
Everyone maintains their own truth.
Everyone makes a mistake at times.
Everyone makes mistakes at times.
Everyone makes mistakes because we are all just human.
Everyone makes mistakes from time to time.
Everyone makes mistakes in life.
Everyone makes mistakes sometimes.
Everyone makes mistakes, including you.
Everyone makes mistakes.
Everyone makes that mistake.
Everyone makes their own interests.
Everyone managed to cross the river.
Everyone marveled at Tom's courage.
Everyone marvelled at her courage.
Everyone may contribute.
Everyone may go home.
Everyone may think differently about certain topics.
Everyone means more to me than I mean to them.
Everyone misjudged Ziri and made fun of him.
Everyone misses Ziri.
Everyone mistakes me for my brother.
Everyone more or less likes showing off in public.
Everyone mourned his death.
Everyone mucked in and the kitchen was abuzz.
Everyone must be responsible.
Everyone must die one day.
Everyone must die.
Everyone must do their own work.
Everyone must do this.
Everyone must follow my orders.
Everyone must go home.
Everyone must have the courage of their convictions.
Everyone must have the courage of their own convictions.
Everyone must heed what the United Nations says.
Everyone must keep the law.
Everyone must know it.
Everyone must learn on their own in the end.
Everyone must memorize these words.
Everyone must memorize those words.
Everyone must obey the rules. Those who don't will be punished.
Everyone must protect the environment.
Everyone must protect their own family.
Everyone names him Jeff.
Everyone needed to do that.
Everyone needed to do this.
Everyone needed to learn French.
Everyone needs Latin.
Everyone needs a big hug.
Everyone needs a dream.
Everyone needs a garage.
Everyone needs a goal.
Everyone needs a helping hand.
Everyone needs a hobby.
Everyone needs a moral compass.
Everyone needs a place to call home.
Everyone needs at least one close friend.
Everyone needs education. Society must promote public welfare with all its might, and bring education within the reach of all its citizens.
Everyone needs friends.
Everyone needs money.
Everyone needs one of these.
Everyone needs one.
Everyone needs someone to turn to when they're in trouble.
Everyone needs something like that.
Everyone needs to achieve professional success and personal fulfilment.
Everyone needs to be a little more careful.
Everyone needs to be here tomorrow.
Everyone needs to be included.
Everyone needs to chip in for the booze.
Everyone needs to decide for themselves.
Everyone needs to do that.
Everyone needs to do this.
Everyone needs to feel loved.
Everyone needs to find his own path.
Everyone needs to find their own path.
Everyone needs to get off the bus.
Everyone needs to get out of here quickly.
Everyone needs to get out of here right away.
Everyone needs to get out of here.
Everyone needs to know how to swim.
Everyone needs to know that.
Everyone needs to know this.
Everyone needs to leave right now.
Everyone needs to quit whining.
Everyone needs to read this book.
Everyone needs to relax.
Everyone needs to stay focused.
Everyone needs to work together.
Everyone nodded in agreement.
Everyone noticed her.
Everyone noticed that.
Everyone noticed.
Everyone now has a gun.
Everyone obeyed but Tom.
Everyone of us comes up with trouble on their life path at some point or another.
Everyone of us has something to do in the future.
Everyone of us is responsible for his own conduct.
Everyone of us is responsible for their own conduct.
Everyone of us will have to accept the current of the times.
Everyone on board died.
Everyone on board the ship died.
Everyone on board was safe.
Everyone on campus knows who Tom is.
Everyone on our street knows Tom.
Everyone on that show is gorgeous.
Everyone on the balcony was speaking in French.
Everyone on the beach was drinking beer.
Everyone on the beach was naked.
Everyone on the bus was asleep except the driver.
Everyone on the bus was screaming.
Everyone on the island knows Tom.
Everyone on the papal plane has been vaccinated against COVID-19.
Everyone on the ship thought it was going to sink.
Everyone on the staircase was dancing where they stood.
Everyone on the swim team got a tiny dolphin tattooed on their left shoulder.
Everyone only hears what he understands.
Everyone opposed it, but Sally and Bob got married all the same.
Everyone opposed it, but they got married all the same.
Everyone ought to be a master of his own destiny.
Everyone ought to be the master of his own destiny.
Everyone ought to be the master of their own destiny.
Everyone ought to do that.
Everyone ought to do this.
Everyone out!
Everyone out, please.
Everyone outside is dead.
Everyone paid for his own meal.
Everyone paid for their own meal.
Everyone paired off and began dancing.
Everyone paired up.
Everyone panicked to see James.
Everyone pay attention now. Tom is going to write a Latin sentence on the board.
Everyone picked on Ziri for being poor.
Everyone played extremely well.
Everyone played well in today's game.
Everyone plays his game!
Everyone please be quiet.
Everyone pointed at Tom.
Everyone pointed at her.
Everyone pointed at him.
Everyone pointed at me.
Everyone pointed at them.
Everyone points at me because I'm a bit strange in people's eyes.
Everyone posed for a picture.
Everyone praised Fyodor’s performance.
Everyone praised Tom.
Everyone praised her.
Everyone praises the boy.
Everyone prayed.
Everyone present applauded.
Everyone pretended not to listen.
Everyone pretended they forgot his birthday.
Everyone probably thinks Tom and I are crazy.
Everyone promised to faithfully obey the rules.
Everyone promised to obey the rules.
Everyone pronounces Tom's name wrong.
Everyone pronounces my name wrong.
Everyone protect each other.
Everyone protects their head with their hands when someone throws a rock in the air.
Everyone put in an appearance at the party except Mike.
Everyone quieted down.
Everyone quits smoking sooner or later.
Everyone racked their brains to create many interesting and helpful sentences.
Everyone ran away from Tom.
Everyone ran away.
Everyone ran for cover.
Everyone ran out into the street to see what was going on.
Everyone ran outside.
Everyone ran screaming out of the building.
Everyone ran to the portside of the boat.
Everyone ran.
Everyone realized this was serious.
Everyone really enjoyed it.
Everyone really likes it.
Everyone really misses you, so get better soon.
Everyone reaps what they sow.
Everyone received enough food and clothing.
Everyone recognized him as a brilliant pianist.
Everyone recognized his skill.
Everyone recognizes the boy as a real genius.
Everyone recognizes the problem, but no one talks about it.
Everyone refused to do that.
Everyone refused to help me.
Everyone regarded him as a great singer.
Everyone relies on their own personal experience.
Everyone remained calm.
Everyone remained seated.
Everyone remained standing.
Everyone remarked on his new hairstyle.
Everyone remembers the happy days of his youth as his halcyon days.
Everyone remembers the happy days of youth as his halcyon days.
Everyone respects Erkin.
Everyone respects Tom.
Everyone respects how hard Tom works.
Everyone respects you, what more do you want - jam on it?
Everyone rose and headed for the door.
Everyone rose to their feet.
Everyone rushed outdoors.
Everyone rushed outside.
Everyone rushed over to the other side of the ship to see what was happening.
Everyone rushed to the bomb shelter.
Everyone rushed to the exit.
Everyone rushed to the pumps.
Everyone said "That can't be done". Then someone came along who didn't know that and did it.
Everyone said Tom was crazy.
Everyone said Tom was strange.
Everyone said Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
Everyone said it couldn't be done, then someone who hadn't heard that turned up and did it straight away!
Everyone said it wasn't possible, until someone arrived who didn't know that.
Everyone said no.
Everyone said that I was wrong.
Everyone said the same thing.
Everyone said they really enjoyed doing that.
Everyone sang along to the refrain.
Everyone sang along.
Everyone sang the chorus.
Everyone sang the refrain.
Everyone sang.
Everyone sat back down.
Everyone sat down to eat.
Everyone sat down, only Tom remained standing.
Everyone sat down.
Everyone sat in the back of the bus.
Everyone sat wearing strange expressions and no one was eating their soup.
Everyone sat.
Everyone saw it.
Everyone saw that.
Everyone saw the Republican attempt to violently seize power on January 6, 2020.
Everyone saw the movie.
Everyone saw through his despicable schemes.
Everyone saw what happened.
Everyone saw you crying.
Everyone say: "Hi Mary!".
Everyone says I was very brave, but I just did my work.
Everyone says I'm a chip off the old block.
Everyone says I'm bad, and maybe they're right.
Everyone says Tom is a good man.
Everyone says Tom is a nice person.
Everyone says Tom will win the race.
Everyone says he looks just like his father.
Everyone says it isn't possible. Someone has come here not knowing this and simply done it!
Everyone says it, nobody knows it.
Everyone says that I'm a chip off the old block.
Everyone says that Kate is a genius and will have a successful future.
Everyone says that Nancy is very pretty.
Everyone says that Tom is a good man.
Everyone says that Tom is a nice person.
Everyone says that he is the very image of his father.
Everyone says that he looks just like his father.
Everyone says that he's a good man.
Everyone says that he's guilty.
Everyone says that he’s a good man.
Everyone says that my father was working on the space station before he met my mother.
Everyone says that the end of the world is near.
Everyone says that the food at this restaurant is very good.
Everyone says that the new teacher is hateful.
Everyone says that to you.
Everyone says that, the whole village and even the peasants in the countryside.
Everyone says that.
Everyone says the food in this restaurant is both delicious and inexpensive.
Everyone says the same thing.
Everyone says the view from here is beautiful.
Everyone says they won.
Everyone says they're innocent.
Everyone screamed.
Everyone screamed: "Surprise!"
Everyone seeks happiness.
Everyone seemed a bit depressed.
Everyone seemed afraid.
Everyone seemed happy and satisfied.
Everyone seemed sad to see Tom go.
Everyone seemed to already know Tom and Mary were getting divorced.
Everyone seemed to already know that Tom and Mary were getting divorced.
Everyone seemed to be afraid but me.
Everyone seemed to be afraid but you.
Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves except Tom and Mary.
Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves.
Everyone seemed to be in a hurry.
Everyone seemed to be very busy and everyone seemed to be in a hurry.
Everyone seemed to enjoy the concert.
Everyone seemed to have money to spend.
Everyone seemed to like Ziri.
Everyone seemed very calm.
Everyone seemed very excited.
Everyone seems afraid.
Everyone seems happier than me.
Everyone seems happy.
Everyone seems optimistic.
Everyone seems tense.
Everyone seems to agree.
Everyone seems to be afraid but me.
Everyone seems to be afraid but you.
Everyone seems to be afraid.
Everyone seems to be busy but me.
Everyone seems to be doing better than me.
Everyone seems to be happier without me.
Everyone seems to be happy but me.
Everyone seems to be happy but you.
Everyone seems to be having a good time.
Everyone seems to be having fun.
Everyone seems to be hungry but me.
Everyone seems to be hungry but you.
Everyone seems to be in a bad mood.
Everyone seems to be nervous.
Everyone seems to be short of money these days.
Everyone seems to be very afraid.
Everyone seems to be working.
Everyone seems to have a bone to pick with someone, but only a few people can be philosophical about it.
Everyone seems to have left.
Everyone seems to know his name.
Everyone seems to love to obfuscate the Holocaust.
Everyone seems very afraid.
Everyone sees that.
Everyone sees the color in their own way.
Everyone set off to wander around the world to find happiness.
Everyone shifted blame onto each other.
Everyone shook hands.
Everyone shook their heads.
Everyone should always attach oneself to one's trade.
Everyone should be able to express their opinion.
Everyone should be extra careful.
Everyone should be wary.
Everyone should bring their own lunch.
Everyone should choose a beautiful flower.
Everyone should choose at least one poem and learn it by heart.
Everyone should defend their rights.
Everyone should discover for themselves the happiness of sharing.
Everyone should do that.
Everyone should do this.
Everyone should eat Vegemite.
Everyone should endeavor at his business. Then the city will lack nothing.
Everyone should exercise their right to vote.
Everyone should find a way to get involved in preserving the planet we call home.
Everyone should get a plate.
Everyone should get out of here before someone gets hurt.
Everyone should go.
Everyone should grab a plate.
Everyone should grab themselves a plate.
Everyone should have a hobby.
Everyone should have a say.
Everyone should have a voice.
Everyone should have access to basic health care.
Everyone should have listened.
Everyone should have one.
Everyone should have someone.
Everyone should immediately evacuate Tehran!
Everyone should know how to swim.
Everyone should know one's native language.
Everyone should know that.
Everyone should know this.
Everyone should know what Western values are.
Everyone should know what an adverb is and what an adjective is.
Everyone should learn Berber.
Everyone should learn French.
Everyone should learn at least two foreign languages.
Everyone should learn how to do this.
Everyone should learn how to swim.
Everyone should learn that.
Everyone should like that.
Everyone should love the country of their birth.
Everyone should love their own language.
Everyone should periodically receive a physical examination.
Everyone should plant a tree.
Everyone should prepare adequately.
Everyone should read this book.
Everyone should speak French.
Everyone should take a turn.
Everyone should take notes as the professor dissects the first frog.
Everyone should try to be friendly.
Everyone should visit Algeria.
Everyone should vote.
Everyone should watch this game.
Everyone should've listened.
Everyone shouted for joy when they heard the news.
Everyone showed up on time.
Everyone signed.
Everyone sings together.
Everyone sins, including Muslims.
Everyone sipped their drinks.
Everyone sit down.
Everyone skis here.
Everyone slept.
Everyone slips up now and then.
Everyone smiled at Tom.
Everyone smiled at her.
Everyone smiled at him.
Everyone smiled at me.
Everyone smiled at them.
Everyone smiled at us.
Everyone smiled but Tom.
Everyone smiled.
Everyone smiles in the same language.
Everyone smokes weed.
Everyone smush together so I can take a picture.
Everyone snickered.
Everyone speaks Berber at that hotel.
Everyone speaks Berber in Kabylie, Algeria.
Everyone speaks Berber in this hotel.
Everyone speaks English.
Everyone speaks French at the French table.
Everyone speaks a language.
Everyone speaks highly of him.
Everyone speaks well of him.
Everyone spells Yanni with an i at the end.
Everyone spent so much money in that house they got poor fast.
Everyone spoke French.
Everyone spoke at the same time.
Everyone spoke.
Everyone squeeze together so I can take a picture.
Everyone standing was a man.
Everyone stared at Daniel in surprise.
Everyone stared at Tom in disbelief.
Everyone stared at Tom.
Everyone stared at Ziri.
Everyone stared at her when she started laughing loudly.
Everyone stared at her.
Everyone stared at him.
Everyone stared at me.
Everyone stared at them.
Everyone stared at us.
Everyone started arguing.
Everyone started bullying Ivan.
Everyone started calling Amanda an unlucky charm.
Everyone started celebrating.
Everyone started clapping.
Everyone started crying again.
Everyone started fighting.
Everyone started hugging and kissing each other.
Everyone started laughing as Ziri ran out in tears.
Everyone started laughing at Donald's stupid joke.
Everyone started laughing at Tom.
Everyone started laughing at me.
Everyone started laughing.
Everyone started making fun of David.
Everyone started panicking.
Everyone started talking at once.
Everyone started talking in Berber and I didn't understand a word.
Everyone started to laugh.
Everyone started to spit the pie out.
Everyone started waving their flags.
Everyone stay calm!
Everyone stayed calm.
Everyone stayed in Australia except Tom.
Everyone stayed in Australia except me.
Everyone stayed in Boston except Tom.
Everyone stayed quiet.
Everyone stayed standing.
Everyone still has a chance.
Everyone still loves you.
Everyone stood for a moment and then sat back down.
Everyone stood in silence for a moment.
Everyone stood there, shocked.
Everyone stood up as the teacher walked into the room.
Everyone stood.
Everyone stopped chatting.
Everyone stopped eating except Tom.
Everyone stopped singing.
Everyone stopped speaking when Tom entered the room.
Everyone stopped talking and looked at Tom.
Everyone stopped talking and looked at her.
Everyone stopped talking and looked at me.
Everyone stopped talking and stared at me.
Everyone stopped talking and stared at them.
Everyone stopped talking when Tom entered the room.
Everyone stopped talking when Tom walked into the room.
Everyone stopped talking when she entered the room.
Everyone stopped to see what had happened.
Everyone stopped walking except Tom.
Everyone stopped working except Tom.
Everyone stopped.
Everyone strives for efficiency but few seem to attain it.
Everyone strives to deceive, fool, and trick each other.
Everyone struggles with life's hardships.
Everyone stuck close together for the picture.
Everyone stumbles from time to time.
Everyone succumbed to panic.
Everyone sucks at grammar except me.
Everyone suddenly burst into laughter.
Everyone suddenly fell silent.
Everyone suddenly stopped talking.
Everyone suffers differently.
Everyone suggests that I stay in bed, but I want to go out and enjoy myself.
Everyone supported and cheered for John.
Everyone supports them in the house.
Everyone survived.
Everyone sympathised with her.
Everyone sympathized with Tom.
Everyone sympathized with the parents about their son's death.
Everyone sympathized with the parents about their son’s death.
Everyone talked about it.
Everyone talked at once.
Everyone talks about her.
Everyone teased Tom.
Everyone tells me I'm very handsome.
Everyone tells me I'm very pretty.
Everyone tells me that I'm strange.
Everyone tells you that.
Everyone that I know can speak French.
Everyone there panicked.
Everyone there stood up at the same time and walked out.
Everyone there, myself included, voted to end the trip early.
Everyone thinks I'm a mystery.
Everyone thinks I'm going mad.
Everyone thinks I'm out of my mind because I feed stray cats.
Everyone thinks I'm weird.
Everyone thinks I've lost my mind.
Everyone thinks Sami is a genius.
Everyone thinks Tom agreed to do that.
Everyone thinks Tom and I are a couple.
Everyone thinks Tom did that.
Everyone thinks Tom hasn't done that.
Everyone thinks Tom is a genius.
Everyone thinks Tom is on vacation.
Everyone thinks Tom is rich.
Everyone thinks Tom married Mary for her money.
Everyone thinks Tom stayed in Australia.
Everyone thinks Tom stayed in Boston.
Everyone thinks Tom went to Australia.
Everyone thinks Tom went to Boston.
Everyone thinks about death.
Everyone thinks his sack the heaviest.
Everyone thinks in their own way.
Everyone thinks it's impossible, but they won't say it.
Everyone thinks like this.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Everyone thinks she's nice.
Everyone thinks so.
Everyone thinks that Tom and I are a couple.
Everyone thinks that Tom hasn't done that.
Everyone thinks that Tom is a genius.
Everyone thinks that Tom is on vacation.
Everyone thinks that Tom is rich.
Everyone thinks that Tom stayed in Australia.
Everyone thinks that Tom went to Australia.
Everyone thinks the same thing.
Everyone thinks the same way.
Everyone thinks they are above average.
Everyone thinks they're above average.
Everyone thinks we're a couple.
Everyone thinks you're dead.
Everyone thinks your cousin is an idiot.
Everyone thirsts for love.
Everyone thought Tom was Canadian.
Everyone thought Tom was from Australia.
Everyone thought Tom was going to be in Australia this weekend.
Everyone thought Ziri was gay.
Everyone thought Ziri was strange.
Everyone thought him a fool.
Everyone thought of her as a saint, but they didn't know her.
Everyone thought she was dead.
Everyone thought so.
Everyone thought that Tom and Mary were from Boston.
Everyone thought that Tom and Mary were going to be in Boston this weekend.
Everyone thought that Tom could understand French.
Everyone thought that Tom was Canadian.
Everyone thought that Tom was from Australia.
Everyone thought that Tom was from Boston.
Everyone thought that Tom was going to be in Australia this weekend.
Everyone thought that Tom was going to be in Boston this weekend.
Everyone thought that it was a fixed race.
Everyone thought that it wasn't a short circuit, but rather part of the show.
Everyone thought that she would suffer.
Everyone thought that was an excellent idea.
Everyone thought we were going to lose.
Everyone thought: such an impudence!
Everyone today wants chocolate, not painted eggs.
Everyone told Tom no.
Everyone told her no.
Everyone told him no.
Everyone told me the same thing.
Everyone told me this would happen.
Everyone told stories around the fireplace.
Everyone took Ziri's side.
Everyone took off in different directions.
Everyone took part in setting up for the party.
Everyone took part in the work enthusiastically.
Everyone took part in the work with gusto.
Everyone trades with China.
Everyone treated Mary like a princess.
Everyone treated her like a princess.
Everyone tried to get in at once.
Everyone tried to sell their stocks.
Everyone tried to solve the puzzle.
Everyone trusts Tom.
Everyone trusts her.
Everyone turned and started to walk away.
Everyone turned around to look at Yuri.
Everyone turned around.
Everyone turned out for the circus.
Everyone turned to look at Tom.
Everyone turned to look at her.
Everyone turned to look at him.
Everyone turned to look at me.
Everyone turned to look at them.
Everyone turned to look at us.
Everyone turned to watch Jessica walking in that Shawi dress.
Everyone understands everything in their own way.
Everyone understood it.
Everyone used to have one of those.
Everyone uses Google.
Everyone uses escalators.
Everyone uses the Internet.
Everyone usually loves a person similar to themself.
Everyone views the world from their own angle.
Everyone visits Tipasa, in Algeria, for its Roman ruins.
Everyone voted for it.
Everyone voted for it. No one voted against it.
Everyone voted in favour.
Everyone voted yes.
Everyone voted yes. No one objected.
Everyone waited in silence.
Everyone waited.
Everyone waits their turn.
Everyone wanted Tom to be happy.
Everyone wanted Tom to have fun.
Everyone wanted Tom to leave.
Everyone wanted a piece of the cake.
Everyone wanted me to do that.
Everyone wanted me to leave.
Everyone wanted the heat wave to end. Winter seemed like a distant dream.
Everyone wanted to be Tom's friend.
Everyone wanted to dance.
Everyone wanted to do that.
Everyone wanted to do this.
Everyone wanted to go to Australia.
Everyone wanted to go to Boston.
Everyone wanted to know why Tom quit his job.
Everyone wanted to know.
Everyone wanted to see what Tom and Mary were doing.
Everyone wanted to see what Tom was doing.
Everyone wanted to sing.
Everyone wanted to take part.
Everyone wanted to talk to Tom.
Everyone wanted us to do that.
Everyone wanted you to do that.
Everyone wants a healer on the team, but nobody wants to play as a healer.
Everyone wants change.
Everyone wants continuous peace.
Everyone wants it all!
Everyone wants me to go, but I don't feel like going.
Everyone wants money.
Everyone wants organic, free-range eggs. So we shouldn't complain when the roosters start crowing outside.
Everyone wants peace, right?
Everyone wants silence.
Everyone wants something different.
Everyone wants something.
Everyone wants that.
Everyone wants their share of Algeria's oil cake.
Everyone wants to be Tom's friend.
Everyone wants to be a millionaire.
Everyone wants to be happy.
Everyone wants to be healthy.
Everyone wants to be liked.
Everyone wants to be loved.
Everyone wants to be right.
Everyone wants to be young and attractive.
Everyone wants to beat us.
Everyone wants to believe.
Everyone wants to buy Algerian oil.
Everyone wants to buy pumpkins for Halloween.
Everyone wants to contribute as little as possible.
Everyone wants to date her.
Everyone wants to do that.
Everyone wants to do this.
Everyone wants to enrich themselves, at any cost, no matter what the cost.
Everyone wants to feel loved.
Everyone wants to get better.
Everyone wants to get to know you. You're famous!
Everyone wants to go back to nature, but no one wants to go on foot.
Everyone wants to go out with her.
Everyone wants to go to heaven, but no one wants to die.
Everyone wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
Everyone wants to go.
Everyone wants to grow up, but no one wants to be old.
Everyone wants to have a social outlet.
Everyone wants to have freedom, and no one wants to give it.
Everyone wants to hear the words you're about to utter.
Everyone wants to hear what everyone wants to hear.
Everyone wants to interview Tom.
Everyone wants to know what's going to happen.
Everyone wants to know you; you're famous.
Everyone wants to know you; you’re famous.
Everyone wants to learn Berber.
Everyone wants to leave a mark.
Everyone wants to leave footprints.
Everyone wants to live to old age.
Everyone wants to make an impression.
Everyone wants to meet you. You're famous!
Everyone wants to meet you. You’re famous!
Everyone wants to pay as little as possible.
Everyone wants to return to nature, but no one wants to go on foot.
Everyone wants to sit next to Tom.
Everyone wants to sit with her at lunch.
Everyone wants to talk to Tom.
Everyone wants to work with Tom.
Everyone wants what they can't have.
Everyone wants you to die.
Everyone wants you to do that.
Everyone wants you to leave.
Everyone wants you to sing.
Everyone warned me about Tom.
Everyone was OK.
Everyone was a stranger and there were no connections between one another.
Everyone was a stranger to them and there was no connection.
Everyone was afraid of Daniel when he was a kid.
Everyone was afraid of Tom.
Everyone was against it, but Mary and John got married anyway.
Everyone was alert.
Everyone was already in the mosque.
Everyone was amazed.
Everyone was anxious.
Everyone was appalled.
Everyone was apprehensive.
Everyone was asleep.
Everyone was at school apart from Udo.
Everyone was at the convention.
Everyone was at the table eating dinner.
Everyone was being loud and obnoxious.
Everyone was bored by his long speech.
Everyone was bustling about.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movies alone.
Everyone was busy.
Everyone was calm.
Everyone was captivated by William's charisma, which made him the center of attention wherever he went.
Everyone was carrying a log?
Everyone was celebrating. For Tom, however, it was an ordinary day.
Everyone was chanting something in Berber.
Everyone was close to tears.
Everyone was completely worn out.
Everyone was confused.
Everyone was crying.
Everyone was dancing.
Everyone was dead.
Everyone was delighted by this morning's headlines.
Everyone was delighted with the lady.
Everyone was disappointed.
Everyone was discouraged after they got their results.
Everyone was doing it.
Everyone was dressed in 13th-century clothes.
Everyone was dressed in a beautiful kimono at the party.
Everyone was dressed in beautiful ceremonial outfits.
Everyone was dressed in black.
Everyone was dressed in tuxedos.
Everyone was dressed like a clown.
Everyone was drinking.
Everyone was drunk, except for me.
Everyone was drunk, except me.
Everyone was drunk.
Everyone was eating and drinking, but I didn't want anything.
Everyone was eating the same thing.
Everyone was enjoying the journey.
Everyone was enjoying themselves.
Everyone was excited for Halloween.
Everyone was exhausted, so the party was a somewhat downbeat affair.
Everyone was fast asleep.
Everyone was fighting.
Everyone was fine.
Everyone was fingerprinted.
Everyone was flabbergasted.
Everyone was focused on the next forecast.
Everyone was freaking out.
Everyone was freezing.
Everyone was friendly to the new girl.
Everyone was friendly.
Everyone was frisked.
Everyone was gathered in the square.
Everyone was gawping at Ziri.
Everyone was gawping at us.
Everyone was getting excited for the big day.
Everyone was getting ready to go to sleep.
Everyone was given enough food and clothing.
Everyone was glad.
Everyone was glued to the TV set as the election results came in.
Everyone was gobsmacked.
Everyone was going the same way.
Everyone was happy when the boss finally fired Tom.
Everyone was happy with how things turned out.
Everyone was happy.
Everyone was having a great time until Tom showed up.
Everyone was having a great time, until Tom showed up.
Everyone was having a great time.
Everyone was having fun.
Everyone was here.
Everyone was home.
Everyone was horrified.
Everyone was hungry.
Everyone was hurt.
Everyone was in a bad mood.
Everyone was in a festive mood.
Everyone was in love with Tom.
Everyone was interested in anime.
Everyone was intrigued by that.
Everyone was intrigued.
Everyone was invited except for Tom.
Everyone was invited except me.
Everyone was invited, except for me.
Everyone was just flabbergasted that she was able to get pregnant at 48.
Everyone was just sitting around doing nothing.
Everyone was killed.
Everyone was kind to each other.
Everyone was late but me.
Everyone was late except me.
Everyone was laughing and having a great time.
Everyone was laughing and jeering at Ziri.
Everyone was laughing at Ziri all day.
Everyone was laughing except him.
Everyone was laughing.
Everyone was left satisfied.
Everyone was listening very carefully.
Everyone was looking at Mennad.
Everyone was looking at Tom curiously.
Everyone was looking at me.
Everyone was looking at you.
Everyone was looking for Tom.
Everyone was looking for the missing child.
Everyone was looking for you.
Everyone was loud and obnoxious.
Everyone was making fun of Ziri.
Everyone was mean to me.
Everyone was more or less interested in the arts.
Everyone was nervous.
Everyone was nice to each other.
Everyone was not happy.
Everyone was now looking at the man in the green jacket.
Everyone was numb.
Everyone was okay.
Everyone was on the stage.
Everyone was on their own.
Everyone was outraged.
Everyone was partying.
Everyone was perplexed.
Everyone was present apart from Mary.
Everyone was present.
Everyone was pushing, trying to escape.
Everyone was quite satisfied.
Everyone was really friendly.
Everyone was really impressed with that machine.
Everyone was relieved after Tom had died.
Everyone was relieved.
Everyone was right about you, Tom.
Everyone was rushing around.
Everyone was satisfied.
Everyone was saved.
Everyone was saying that.
Everyone was scared except me.
Everyone was scared of Boris's presence.
Everyone was scared.
Everyone was screaming.
Everyone was seized by fear.
Everyone was shocked by the news of Ziri and Rima's breakup.
Everyone was shocked by the news.
Everyone was shocked by what Tom did.
Everyone was shocked except Tom.
Everyone was shocked to see Amanda in a bikini.
Everyone was shocked.
Everyone was shouting and running out into the field.
Everyone was shouting, "Freedom for the Kabyle militants!"
Everyone was shouting.
Everyone was showering Martha with praises.
Everyone was sick.
Everyone was silent as the teacher was announcing the results of the examination.
Everyone was silent for a minute.
Everyone was silent.
Everyone was singing.
Everyone was sitting around the table.
Everyone was sitting at the table.
Everyone was sitting cross-legged on the floor.
Everyone was sleeping.
Everyone was smiling.
Everyone was so busy.
Everyone was so encouraging.
Everyone was so fast, I couldn't keep up with them.
Everyone was so full of hope.
Everyone was so happy.
Everyone was so hungry.
Everyone was somewhat tired after the daylong flight.
Everyone was speechless.
Everyone was standing; only Tom was sitting.
Everyone was staring at Daniel strangely and smiling slyly.
Everyone was staring at Tom.
Everyone was staring at us.
Everyone was still laughing.
Everyone was stunned.
Everyone was super friendly!
Everyone was super friendly.
Everyone was supportive.
Everyone was supposed to do that.
Everyone was surprised to see Tom.
Everyone was surprised when I went into the room.
Everyone was surprised.
Everyone was taking it out on Ziri.
Everyone was talking about it.
Everyone was talking at once, so I couldn't get a word in edgewise.
Everyone was talking at once.
Everyone was teasing me.
Everyone was tense.
Everyone was terribly happy.
Everyone was terrified of that teacher.
Everyone was there except Tom.
Everyone was there.
Everyone was thinking he wouldn't make it out alive.
Everyone was tired of war and wished it would come to a swift end.
Everyone was too polite to say anything.
Everyone was totally shocked.
Everyone was trying to take cover.
Everyone was under the impression you were brave.
Everyone was upset.
Everyone was very afraid of Tom.
Everyone was very concerned.
Everyone was very embarrassed.
Everyone was very friendly.
Everyone was very happy at the party.
Everyone was very happy.
Everyone was very polite in the mosque.
Everyone was very quiet.
Everyone was very scared.
Everyone was very supportive.
Everyone was very surprised to discover that the slave girl was in reality a princess.
Everyone was waiting except Tom.
Everyone was waiting for Tom.
Everyone was waiting.
Everyone was watching.
Everyone was wearing a mask.
Everyone was wearing gloves.
Everyone was wearing headphones.
Everyone was whispering.
Everyone was worried about Fiona during the first six months of her life.
Everyone was worried about Fiona during the first six months of her life. But by her first birthday, she had grown to 318 kilograms, a healthy weight for a hippopotamus that age.
Everyone was worried.
Everyone was wrong.
Everyone was young once.
Everyone wasn't able to fit into the car.
Everyone watched Tom carefully.
Everyone watched her carefully.
Everyone watched him carefully.
Everyone watched me carefully.
Everyone watched them carefully.
Everyone watched us carefully.
Everyone watched what Tom was doing.
Everyone watched.
Everyone we invited came.
Everyone welcomed me with open arms.
Everyone went apeshit.
Everyone went crazy.
Everyone went except us.
Everyone went home disappointed.
Everyone went home satisfied.
Everyone went home.
Everyone went in.
Everyone went quiet when I came in.
Everyone went silence.
Everyone went silent and looked at the clock.
Everyone went silent and started looking at their watches.
Everyone went there, didn't they?
Everyone went there, didn’t they?
Everyone went to Australia except Tom.
Everyone went to Boston except Tom.
Everyone went to sleep.
Everyone went to the hospital to see Tom.
Everyone where they are stuck.
Everyone who claims the Holocaust didn't happen wants it to happen again.
Everyone who commits blasphemy eventually dies.
Everyone who disagrees with you isn't the same person.
Everyone who does one thing and pretends to do another is dishonest.
Everyone who eats cooked food eventually dies.
Everyone who has been there, has laughed.
Everyone who has been there, has smiled.
Everyone who has had to deal with AI customer service knows how inferior it is to actual humans.
Everyone who has seen him, has cried.
Everyone who is still a Republican wants America to be like Florida.
Everyone who isn't us is an enemy.
Everyone who knew Tom admired him.
Everyone who knew him admired him.
Everyone who knows Tom respects him.
Everyone who knows her respects her.
Everyone who knows him respects him.
Everyone who knows him, respects him.
Everyone who knows them respects them.
Everyone who lives in this neighborhood is Canadian.
Everyone who lives in this neighborhood is a Canadian.
Everyone who maintains the ability to discover beauty will never become old.
Everyone who respects exactly one classmate is respected by exactly two classmates.
Everyone who respects oneself is respected by everyone who respects someone.
Everyone who spends the night here dies.
Everyone who uses Esperanto or works for it, is an Esperantist, and every Esperantist has the complete right, in Esperanto, to see only the language as a simple, cold tool for international comprehension.
Everyone who wanted to spend the night here was scared to death, because this place is haunted.
Everyone who was on the bus is here.
Everyone who was taken by the aliens is already dead.
Everyone who worked on that project became a millionaire.
Everyone who works at the facility is extremely experienced.
Everyone who works has the right to just and favourable remuneration ensuring for himself and his family an existence worthy of human dignity, and supplemented, if necessary, by other means of social protection.
Everyone who's anyone will be there.
Everyone will accept that idea in principle.
Everyone will be busy.
Everyone will be expecting you at the party. You have to show up by hook or by crook.
Everyone will be glad if you stay here. We'll certainly be needing you.
Everyone will be happy if you help us.
Everyone will be happy.
Everyone will be home at Christmas.
Everyone will be hungry.
Everyone will be on the streets.
Everyone will be relieved when the heatwave has ended.
Everyone will be satisfied.
Everyone will be there.
Everyone will be tired.
Everyone will be very happy.
Everyone will change.
Everyone will die one day.
Everyone will die.
Everyone will do that.
Everyone will envy you.
Everyone will eventually face their own karma someday.
Everyone will experience it.
Everyone will find out that Ziri has been lying.
Everyone will follow their own path.
Everyone will get everything they need.
Everyone will get to taste death someday.
Everyone will get what they need.
Everyone will get where they need to be.
Everyone will give their idea.
Everyone will go through death someday.
Everyone will have his own computer before long.
Everyone will know.
Everyone will live through their own personal end of the world.
Everyone will lose.
Everyone will miss you if you go away.
Everyone will undergo death someday.
Everyone wins!
Everyone wins.
Everyone wish they could live more luxurious lives.
Everyone wish they had better life circumstances.
Everyone wish they had better lives to live.
Everyone wished me luck.
Everyone wished that Tom recovered soon.
Everyone wished that Tom would leave.
Everyone with German citizenship can participate.
Everyone woke up at the same time.
Everyone woke up.
Everyone wondered who it could be.
Everyone worked according to one's ability.
Everyone worked according to one's capacity.
Everyone worked hard.
Everyone worked very hard.
Everyone working for us earns more than the minimum wage.
Everyone working there was stoned out of their mind.
Everyone would be happy if Tom left and never came back.
Everyone would go into the hall for assembly and then afterwards we'd go to our respective classes.
Everyone would like to believe dreams can come true.
Everyone would like to believe that dreams can come true.
Everyone would love to see that happen.
Everyone would love to see that.
Everyone wrote about him in the newspapers.
Everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about. Be kind. Always.
Everyone you talk to is an ape.
Everyone's a bit confused.
Everyone's a critic.
Everyone's a translator.
Everyone's a winner.
Everyone's afraid of Tom.
Everyone's against me!
Everyone's against somebody in war.
Everyone's almost here.
Everyone's already gone in.
Everyone's an atheist until they clog a toilet in someone else's house.
Everyone's asking for you downstairs.
Everyone's asking for you.
Everyone's asleep.
Everyone's been complaining about the new tax.
Everyone's been complaining about the snow.
Everyone's been contacted.
Everyone's been evacuated.
Everyone's been praising this movie, but I didn't like it at all.
Everyone's been really nice.
Everyone's been talking about him for months.
Everyone's been talking about it.
Everyone's been trying to convince me to do that.
Everyone's busy.
Everyone's butt smells like that.
Everyone's cheering.
Everyone's clueless.
Everyone's counting on you.
Everyone's crying.
Everyone's dead.
Everyone's depressed.
Everyone's different.
Everyone's doing it, so it's OK.
Everyone's doing it, so it's fine.
Everyone's doing it.
Everyone's doing something different.
Everyone's doing something.
Everyone's doing that.
Everyone's doing well.
Everyone's driver's license photo looks horrible.
Everyone's dying to meet you.
Everyone's eating.
Everyone's entitled to be a jackass.
Everyone's entitled to be an idiot.
Everyone's eyes were fixed on the screens.
Everyone's eyes were fixed upon her.
Everyone's feeling good.
Everyone's fine.
Everyone's friend is actually nobody's friend.
Everyone's going to be there.
Everyone's going to be tired.
Everyone's going to know it.
Everyone's going to the beach this summer.
Everyone's going.
Everyone's gone fishing, except for Tom.
Everyone's gone home.
Everyone's got a reason to celebrate the beginning of the new year. They all survived the old one.
Everyone's got a secret.
Everyone's got an opinion.
Everyone's happy again.
Everyone's happy nowadays.
Everyone's happy with the final design.
Everyone's having a great time.
Everyone's having a lovely time.
Everyone's having fun.
Everyone's head turn when I'm walking in the streets, people can't seem to resist my natural charm.
Everyone's here besides him.
Everyone's here except Tom.
Everyone's here.
Everyone's holding their breath.
Everyone's hungry.
Everyone's idea is different.
Everyone's ill.
Everyone's in position.
Everyone's in the buff, in there.
Everyone's in trouble.
Everyone's interested in cryptocurrency all of a sudden.
Everyone's interested.
Everyone's invited.
Everyone's just a number to Tom.
Everyone's laughing at us.
Everyone's laughing, but no one will explain to me what happened.
Everyone's laughing.
Everyone's life is complicated.
Everyone's looking at Tom.
Everyone's looking at her.
Everyone's looking at him.
Everyone's looking at me.
Everyone's looking at them.
Everyone's looking at us.
Everyone's looking at you.
Everyone's looking for Tom.
Everyone's looking for her.
Everyone's looking for him.
Everyone's looking for me.
Everyone's looking for them.
Everyone's looking for us.
Everyone's looking for you.
Everyone's looking forward to it.
Everyone's losing money.
Everyone's lying.
Everyone's made of different materials.
Everyone's my enemy.
Everyone's nervous.
Everyone's on the beach.
Everyone's on vacation.
Everyone's out in the back yard.
Everyone's out.
Everyone's perception of colour is different. What I call 'yellow', others call 'orange'.
Everyone's pointing a finger at me.
Everyone's pretty shaken up.
Everyone's quiet.
Everyone's reading.
Everyone's really happy.
Everyone's relieved.
Everyone's saying it.
Everyone's scores went up.
Everyone's shocked.
Everyone's sick.
Everyone's sleeping.
Everyone's sleepy.
Everyone's smiling.
Everyone's someplace else.
Everyone's standing.
Everyone's still asleep.
Everyone's still awake.
Everyone's still up.
Everyone's talking about it.
Everyone's talking about what Tom did.
Everyone's talking about you.
Everyone's there.
Everyone's thinking about you.
Everyone's thinking it, but no one's saying it.
Everyone's thirsty.
Everyone's tired of Tom.
Everyone's tired of hearing that story.
Everyone's tired of you.
Everyone's tired.
Everyone's too busy scamming each other to save the environment.
Everyone's tricks are different; each differs in ingenious ways.
Everyone's up.
Everyone's used to calling Shanghai "Módū" and calling Beijing "Dìdū".
Everyone's very excited.
Everyone's voice deserves to be heard and valued.
Everyone's waiting for you.
Everyone's waiting nervously to see what'll happen.
Everyone's waiting to see what Tom will do.
Everyone's waiting to see what happens.
Everyone's waiting to see what's going to happen.
Everyone's waiting.
Everyone's watching Tom.
Everyone's watching her.
Everyone's watching him.
Everyone's watching me.
Everyone's watching them.
Everyone's watching us.
Everyone's watching you.
Everyone's watching.
Everyone's wearing these new clothes right now.
Everyone's went there, no?
Everyone's worried.
Everyone's wrong.
Everyone, as a member of society, has the right to social security and is entitled to realization, through national effort and international co-operation and in accordance with the organization and resources of each State, of the economic, social and cultural rights indispensable for his dignity and the free development of his personality.
Everyone, calm down.
Everyone, clean your rooms.
Everyone, except Tom, congratulated Mary.
Everyone, follow me.
Everyone, get in position.
Everyone, get out of here!
Everyone, get up! There's much to do today!
Everyone, in their childhood, used to shuffle in their socks on the carpet and then discharge a spark of static electricity on the cat's nose.
Everyone, including Tom, was sitting around the table.
Everyone, it seemed, was anxious to get their Christmas shopping done early this year.
Everyone, let's stay calm.
Everyone, let's take a small break. The cookies have arrived.
Everyone, listen up.
Everyone, no matter how privileged, encounters trials and tribulations.
Everyone, out of the water!
Everyone, pair up with a person next to you.
Everyone, pair up.
Everyone, please be quiet.
Everyone, please calm down.
Everyone, please keep to netiquette.
Everyone, please listen for a moment.
Everyone, please look at the table of contents.
Everyone, please show more courage.
Everyone, relax.
Everyone, repeat after me.
Everyone, say cheese.
Everyone, say hello to Tom.
Everyone, sit down at the table.
Everyone, the people in general and the elders in particular wanted Aeneas to be called back, to send messengers to inform him of the situation.
Everyone, this is Thiago and he is going to study with us from now on. Be nice to him.
Everyone, wake up!
Everyone, what are you talking about?
Everyone, what's your impression of Australia?
Everyone, without any discrimination, has the right to equal pay for equal work.
Everyone. Listen up.
Everyone’s eyes were fixed on the screens.
Everyone’s eyes were fixed upon her.
Everyone’s now talking about AI, but few have the faintest glimmer of what is about to hit them.
Everyone’s really putting their all into it. I’ll do my best too.
Everyone’s saying it.
Everyone’s went there, no?
Everything Bush does is right.
Everything Bush says is true.
Everything Daniel believed in turned out to be a lie.
Everything I accomplished came from hard work. All bad things that happen to me are due to bad luck. All things you accomplish come from good luck. All bad things that happen to you are due to your lack of work ethic.
Everything I am today is because of Ziri.
Everything I desired appeared before me.
Everything I desired was within reach.
Everything I did could not catch your eyes.
Everything I did was incorrect.
Everything I did, I did for Tom.
Everything I do is fair.
Everything I do requires his permission.
Everything I do seems to frustrate you.
Everything I do turns into a disaster.
Everything I had, you took it.
Everything I have is yours.
Everything I have lived and seen is gone like a dream.
Everything I have to do is on my hands.
Everything I just told you is true.
Everything I look for, I don't find.
Everything I looked for, I didn't find.
Everything I loved has been destroyed.
Everything I need to buy is on this list.
Everything I need to make a cake is here.
Everything I once loved has been destroyed.
Everything I own is in this suitcase.
Everything I said applies to you, too.
Everything I said is true.
Everything I said was the truth.
Everything I said was true.
Everything I say is a lie.
Everything I say is true.
Everything I say is true. And that's a lie.
Everything I talked about was true.
Everything I tell him is incorrect?
Everything I thought I knew about Mary was a lie.
Everything I thought I knew about Tom was a lie.
Everything I thought I loved about you doesn't exist.
Everything I thought would happen has happened.
Everything I told him was gone.
Everything I told my medic was true.
Everything I told you is the truth.
Everything I told you was true.
Everything I undertake goes wrong.
Everything I wished for came true.
Everything I'm about to talk about is absolutely true.
Everything I've said is true.
Everything I've told you is true.
Everything I've told you may not be accurate.
Everything I've told you may not be true.
Everything I've told you should be kept secret.
Everything I’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
Everything Layla puts on is transformed in a work of art.
Everything Layla worked for was lost.
Everything Matthew said was untrue.
Everything Mennad said was complete crap.
Everything Philetas said is true.
Everything Rev. Martin Luther King had worked so hard for seemed lost.
Everything Tobias said, Isabella had a perfect response to.
Everything Tom cooked tasted good.
Everything Tom cooked was delicious.
Everything Tom did bothered me.
Everything Tom did made Mary angry.
Everything Tom did was for Mary.
Everything Tom did was groundbreaking.
Everything Tom did, Mary criticised.
Everything Tom did, he did for us.
Everything Tom does is controversial.
Everything Tom does is illegal.
Everything Tom predicted came true.
Everything Tom predicted happened.
Everything Tom predicted would happen has happened.
Everything Tom said about Mary was true.
Everything Tom said is true.
Everything Tom said was a complete fabrication.
Everything Tom said was a lie.
Everything Tom said was completely wrong.
Everything Tom said was true.
Everything Tom says is a lie.
Everything Tom says is true.
Everything Tom says is worse with context.
Everything Tom told me about Mary was true.
Everything Tom told us is true.
Everything Yanni did went down the drain.
Everything Yanni did, he did it top of the line.
Everything Yanni knew, he learned it in Kabylie, Algeria.
Everything Yanni makes is a mistake.
Everything Yanni touches turns to gold.
Everything Ziri did was to impress Dad.
Everything Ziri does is in Berber.
Everything Ziri does shows that he thinks like a policeman.
Everything Ziri said turned out to be lies.
Everything Ziri touches turns into filth.
Everything Ziri wrote made sense.
Everything about Alberto looked like a zombie.
Everything about Ancient Egypt is inspiring.
Everything about her is perfect.
Everything about her was perfect.
Everything about him is perfect.
Everything about him is screaming out greatness.
Everything about him was grey.
Everything about that sentence is wrong.
Everything about this bridge was innovative.
Everything about this is wrong.
Everything about this story is true.
Everything about you is a turn-on for me.
Everything about you is perfect.
Everything above Ziri's waist simply disintegrated.
Everything all right?
Everything always comes to an end.
Everything always goes in one ear and out the other with him.
Everything always goes smoothly.
Everything always winds up being my fault, doesn't it?
Everything apart from that is perfect.
Everything appears to be going well.
Everything appears to be ready.
Everything around him is gray.
Everything around him is grey.
Everything around him was blown to pieces, yet he escaped without a scratch.
Everything around him was grey.
Everything around is white, and looks like a sheet of ice, covered with snow.
Everything around me makes me think of you.
Everything around me reminds me of you.
Everything around that abandoned mansion just gave creepy vibes.
Everything around us was white.
Everything artificial that breaks the laws of nature dies sooner or later anyway. Only nature's creations can be eternal.
Everything at my father's store is priced inexpensively.
Everything at that store is 10 percent off the regular price.
Everything at this upscale restaurant is microwaved.
Everything bad is equally bad.
Everything before the word "but" is bullshit.
Everything began shaking.
Everything begins the same as this.
Everything belongs to everyone.
Everything belongs to us.
Everything between the two girls, and the man and team at plough upon the ridge of land, where they showed against the sky as if they were the last things in the world — seemed dancing too.
Everything beyond food, water, and shelter is extraneous.
Everything blew up in our faces.
Everything came at once.
Everything came crashing down in Yanni's life.
Everything came crashing down suddenly.
Everything came crashing down.
Everything came crushing down.
Everything came easy for Tom.
Everything came out OK in the end.
Everything came out okay in the end.
Everything came out satisfactorily through your good offices.
Everything came to me easily.
Everything came together at the last minute.
Everything came together nicely and I'm hoping for a really good result tomorrow.
Everything came tumbling down.
Everything can and should be translated, including "controversial" sentences.
Everything can and should be translated, including what far-right, racist or Islamist extremist groups don't like.
Everything can be arranged over the Internet.
Everything can be dangerous.
Everything can be misconstrued.
Everything can be traced back to Tom.
Everything can be used.
Everything can proceed without any pressure.
Everything can still change.
Everything changed after Tom assumed office.
Everything changed because you dared to challenge me.
Everything changed for me when I learned about it.
Everything changed in Algeria.
Everything changed in the blink of an eye.
Everything changed overnight.
Everything changed too fast.
Everything changed too quickly.
Everything changed when Jayjay turned fourteen and his parents divorced.
Everything changed when she was whisked away to the neonatal intensive care unit for observation.
Everything changed.
Everything changes after a war.
Everything changes over time.
Everything changes very quickly, which calls for a new mindset among today's employees.
Everything changes very quickly.
Everything changes, so we also change.
Everything changes.
Everything chose to go wrong during his absence.
Everything comes at a price in this life.
Everything comes at a price.
Everything comes back to life in the spring.
Everything comes down to cost.
Everything comes easy for Tom.
Everything comes easy once you get used to it.
Everything comes from something.
Everything comes from somewhere.
Everything comes here.
Everything comes to an end sometime.
Everything comes to an end.
Everything comes to him who waits.
Everything comes to light in the end.
Everything comes to those who wait.
Everything concurred to make him happy.
Everything costs money.
Everything could be recycled in Algeria.
Everything could be so beautiful.
Everything could be turned into something useful.
Everything could change.
Everything could still be changed.
Everything could still change.
Everything crumbles as soon as I touch it.
Everything depends on Tom.
Everything depends on her answer.
Everything depends on it.
Everything depends on money.
Everything depends on my mood.
Everything depends on the context of the conversation.
Everything depends on this.
Everything depends on what you choose.
Everything depends on what you will do.
Everything depends on whether you pass the examination.
Everything depends on you.
Everything depends solely on us.
Everything depends upon the results.
Everything depends upon your decision.
Everything descended into chaos.
Everything down the drain.
Everything else doesn't matter now.
Everything else doesn't matter.
Everything else is boring.
Everything else is fine.
Everything else is gone.
Everything else is gravy.
Everything else is irrelevant.
Everything else is just filler.
Everything else is just philosophy.
Everything else is perfect.
Everything else on Monday.
Everything else was normal.
Everything eventually gets easier with practice.
Everything exists with its opposite.
Everything faded into the background.
Everything failed.
Everything feels different today.
Everything fell down.
Everything fell into my lap.
Everything fell into place, as if by magic.
Everything fell out as I expected.
Everything fell silent.
Everything felt normal.
Everything felt right again.
Everything felt unfamiliar or confusing.
Everything finally became clear to me.
Everything fit in place.
Everything fit perfectly.
Everything fits perfectly.
Everything flows and nothing remains.
Everything flows and nothing stays still.
Everything flows, nothing stands still.
Everything flows.
Everything follows the other.
Everything frightens me.
Everything from the most human thought or emotion to the most cosmic dimension of existence is an aspect of Being.
Everything functioned without a problem.
Everything goes away.
Everything goes badly for me.
Everything goes from bad to worse for the specialist.
Everything goes in the dumpster.
Everything goes well.
Everything goes wrong for me.
Everything goes wrong when I leave.
Everything good has an end.
Everything good?
Everything got so complicated.
Everything had happened so quickly.
Everything had to be perfect.
Everything had to be rebuilt after the end of the war.
Everything had to be rebuilt after the war had ended.
Everything hanging in this wardrobe can go.
Everything hangs on his answer.
Everything happened all at once.
Everything happened at lightning speed.
Everything happened at once.
Everything happened at the same time.
Everything happened at the speed of light.
Everything happened by accident.
Everything happened exactly as I had thought.
Everything happened exactly as Tom had foretold.
Everything happened exactly as the clairvoyant had predicted.
Everything happened faster than expected.
Everything happened in a flash.
Everything happened in quite a rush.
Everything happened just like you said it would.
Everything happened just the way I thought it would.
Everything happened just the way Tom said it would.
Everything happened quickly.
Everything happened really fast after that.
Everything happened simultaneously.
Everything happened so fast.
Everything happened so quickly.
Everything happened so suddenly. I wasn't prepared for it.
Everything happened the way Tom predicted it would.
Everything happened too fast.
Everything happened too quickly.
Everything happened very quickly and it was all very strange.
Everything happened very quickly.
Everything happens according to the will of God.
Everything happens for a good reason.
Everything happens for a reason.
Everything happens the way it's supposed to happen.
Everything happens to everybody sooner or later if there is time enough.
Everything happens very quickly around here.
Everything has a beginning and an end.
Everything has a cause and effect.
Everything has a cost.
Everything has a front and a rear.
Everything has a logical explanation.
Everything has a particular sound, its alone.
Everything has a price and you need to give us something.
Everything has a price, the good being more expensive than the bad.
Everything has a price.
Everything has a purpose.
Everything has already been done.
Everything has already been said.
Everything has already been said; However, we always need to start over as nobody is listening.
Everything has always been a contest with you.
Everything has an end, but sausage has two.
Everything has an end, including life.
Everything has an end, only sausages have two.
Everything has an end.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Everything has become more complicated.
Everything has become much clearer.
Everything has been arranged.
Everything has been canceled.
Everything has been going really well actually.
Everything has been good.
Everything has been perfectly prepared to deal with a major typhoon.
Everything has been smooth.
Everything has been stacked against me since the minute I was born.
Everything has been stolen.
Everything has been suspected and been inspected; thoughts have no boundaries.
Everything has been thoroughly cleaned.
Everything has been turned upside down.
Everything has been uncovered.
Everything has begun to change in Algeria.
Everything has changed in Algeria.
Everything has changed in Algiers.
Everything has changed since he arrived.
Everything has changed since you departed from my life.
Everything has changed.
Everything has changed. I am no longer myself.
Everything has disappeared as if it has never been there.
Everything has gone well so far.
Everything has got its time.
Everything has got more expensive.
Everything has gotten more expensive.
Everything has its beauty, but not everybody sees it.
Everything has its good side and bad side. Unfortunately, we usually see only one of them.
Everything has its limit.
Everything has its limits.
Everything has its own place and time.
Everything has its price.
Everything has its reason.
Everything has its sound.
Everything has its time and place.
Everything has meaning.
Everything has remained the same.
Everything has returned to normal.
Everything has started to change in Algeria.
Everything has stayed the same.
Everything has time.
Everything has to be carefully thought out.
Everything has to be explained to him.
Everything has to be paid for.
Everything has to be perfect.
Everything has to be timed perfectly in our project.
Everything has to do with everything.
Everything has to go!
Everything has turned out for the best.
Everything has two sides.
Everything has two sides. Fanatics only see one.
Everything has two sides: the good side and the bad side. Unfortunately, we usually see only one of them.
Everything he did disturbed me.
Everything he did was a success!
Everything he did, he did for us.
Everything he observed, he noted down.
Everything he predicted came true.
Everything he said so far should be treated as evidence.
Everything he said was right.
Everything he says is a lie.
Everything he says is correct.
Everything he says is true.
Everything he says rubs me the wrong way.
Everything he says upsets me.
Everything he sees arouses his curiosity.
Everything he sets his mind to, he becomes good at it.
Everything he told us was pure fabrication.
Everything he's saying is slander.
Everything heals.
Everything here belongs to us.
Everything here is covered in dust.
Everything here is done by hand — mixing the colors, feeding the papers, oiling the press and cleaning it.
Everything here is drip-irrigated.
Everything here is handmade.
Everything here is imbued with the spirit of history.
Everything here is loaded with gluten.
Everything here is made out of recycled material.
Everything here is mine.
Everything here is permeated by the spirit of history.
Everything here looks the same.
Everything here reminds me of Tom.
Everything here tastes of seafood.
Everything he’s done has been a complete disaster.
Everything hinges on this decision.
Everything hits the mark with him and he lets you know it.
Everything hurts!
Everything hurts.
Everything immediately turned upside down.
Everything in Algeria changed for the worst.
Everything in Algeria was so beautiful and good.
Everything in Gabor's life seemed to be going right.
Everything in Iraq is priced in dollar, because Iraq imports everything from abroad.
Everything in Nature contains all the powers of Nature.
Everything in Tom's house was covered with dust.
Everything in Yuri's mansion looked pompous and expensive.
Everything in good time.
Everything in her room is small.
Everything in its right context.
Everything in life has an opportunity cost.
Everything in life is a matter of organization.
Everything in life is a question of organization.
Everything in life is fleeting.
Everything in life is relative.
Everything in that house revolved upon Aunt Mary.
Everything in that room will be removed.
Everything in that room will be thrown away.
Everything in that shop is ten per cent off the normal price.
Everything in the Quran is logical.
Everything in the Quran is reasonable.
Everything in the Universe, throughout all its kingdoms, is conscious, i.e., endowed with a consciousness of its own kind and on its own plane of perception.
Everything in the abandoned house seemed to have been untouched for years.
Everything in the basement was silent and dark.
Everything in the bathroom is tiled except the ceiling.
Everything in the fields and mountains looks fresh when spring comes.
Everything in the house seemed to go wrong without a woman to look after it.
Everything in the house was upside down.
Everything in the mosque was dust-free.
Everything in the room was dirty.
Everything in the solar system is centered around the sun.
Everything in the store is 20% off.
Everything in the store is half price this week.
Everything in the universe is either a potato or not a potato.
Everything in the world is connected to everything else.
Everything in the world is connected with everything else.
Everything in the world is interconnected.
Everything in the world is nothing more than a dream.
Everything in this box can be given away.
Everything in this box can be thrown away.
Everything in this crane is computer-controlled.
Everything in this life comes to an end.
Everything in this life has an end.
Everything in this room belongs to us.
Everything in this room is for sale.
Everything in this room is going to be recorded.
Everything in this room is going to be thrown away.
Everything in this room needs to be sold.
Everything in this store is beautiful.
Everything in this store is overpriced.
Everything in this store is really cheap.
Everything in this store is really expensive.
Everything in this wardrobe can go.
Everything in your stupid country smells like feet and shattered dreams.
Everything indicates that chess will remain a field of experimentation for artificial intelligence for many years.
Everything ingenious is simple.
Everything inside Ziri was telling him to run.
Everything is OK.
Everything is OK. Don't worry.
Everything is One. Matter and spirit are two sides of the same coin.
Everything is Tom's fault.
Everything is a fraud or half-truth.
Everything is a lie!
Everything is a meme these days.
Everything is a power play to him.
Everything is a question of point of view.
Everything is about to change.
Everything is accomplished with the help of God.
Everything is against us.
Everything is all arranged.
Everything is all over the place.
Everything is all right at home.
Everything is all right at present.
Everything is all right now.
Everything is all right.
Everything is already in the fridge.
Everything is already in the refrigerator.
Everything is alright.
Everything is always on sale at this store.
Everything is arguable.
Everything is arranged.
Everything is as it should be.
Everything is as it used to be.
Everything is as it was before.
Everything is as we left it.
Everything is ashes.
Everything is at a standstill.
Everything is available on that site.
Everything is available.
Everything is back on track.
Everything is back to normal.
Everything is bad.
Everything is beautiful about me.
Everything is beautiful in its own way.
Everything is becoming automated.
Everything is becoming more and more complicated.
Everything is becoming more and more expensive.
Everything is being reduced to a text message.
Everything is better now that Tom and Mary are here.
Everything is better now that Tom is here.
Everything is better without you.
Everything is bigger in Texas, including Layla's glasses.
Everything is bigger in Texas, including Sami's heart.
Everything is bigger in Texas, including Sami's mouth.
Everything is bigger in Texas.
Everything is black and white in my bedroom.
Everything is broken.
Everything is burning.
Everything is but a dream.
Everything is canceled.
Everything is changing in Algeria.
Everything is changing rapidly.
Everything is changing.
Everything is cheap.
Everything is chemicals.
Everything is clear now.
Everything is clear.
Everything is clearer in hindsight.
Everything is closed.
Everything is coming back now.
Everything is coming to an end.
Everything is coming together so that we can have a nice birthday party tonight.
Everything is coming together.
Everything is complete.
Everything is complicated.
Everything is confusing.
Everything is connected to everything else.
Everything is connected to everything.
Everything is connected.
Everything is copacetic.
Everything is correct.
Everything is costing more than it did last year.
Everything is covered with bacteria.
Everything is covered with dust here.
Everything is covered with dust.
Everything is covered with snow.
Everything is curable, except death.
Everything is dark.
Everything is dead silent. You can hear her breathe.
Everything is dead silent. You can hear them breathe.
Everything is decided. I'm leaving tomorrow.
Everything is delicious.
Everything is different in Algiers.
Everything is different now.
Everything is different now. Do you understand?
Everything is different today.
Everything is done by hand.
Everything is done for her.
Everything is done for him.
Everything is done for them.
Everything is done for us.
Everything is done for you.
Everything is done in Berber.
Everything is done now.
Everything is done with measure.
Everything is dust.
Everything is evil.
Everything is expensive here.
Everything is expensive in London.
Everything is expensive in Paris.
Everything is explained.
Everything is extremely simple.
Everything is finally over.
Everything is fine as long as there are no problems.
Everything is fine between us.
Everything is fine here.
Everything is fine in Kabylie.
Everything is fine so far.
Everything is fine so long as money is changing hands.
Everything is fine until they open Pandora's box.
Everything is fine with Ziri.
Everything is fine, Yanni.
Everything is fine, Ziri.
Everything is fine.
Everything is fine. Don't worry.
Everything is fomented in the Algerian black laboratories to drive Kabylia into the chaos that would legitimize a state of siege.
Everything is for sale if one has money.
Everything is for the best in the best of all possible worlds.
Everything is for the best in this best of all possible worlds.
Everything is for the best, believe me.
Everything is fraud!
Everything is fresh.
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else.
Everything is getting cheap.
Everything is getting cheaper.
Everything is getting dearer and dearer.
Everything is getting expensive.
Everything is getting more and more expensive.
Everything is getting more expensive.
Everything is getting more expensive. Only the excuses are getting cheaper.
Everything is getting on my nerves.
Everything is getting worse.
Everything is give and take.
Everything is going according to plan, but the plan is pants.
Everything is going according to plan, but the plan sucks.
Everything is going according to plan.
Everything is going as it should be going.
Everything is going as it should.
Everything is going as usual.
Everything is going fine.
Everything is going great for you and now you're gonna blow it.
Everything is going horribly wrong for Tom.
Everything is going just fine.
Everything is going like clockwork.
Everything is going perfectly.
Everything is going smoothly for the moment.
Everything is going smoothly! There's no reason to feel embarrassed.
Everything is going to be OK, so there's no need to worry.
Everything is going to be OK.
Everything is going to be all right tomorrow.
Everything is going to be different now.
Everything is going to be fine in the end, and if it's not fine, it's not the end.
Everything is going to be fine.
Everything is going to be just fine.
Everything is going to be okay so there's no need to worry.
Everything is going to be okay.
Everything is going to collapse.
Everything is going to end.
Everything is going to turn out OK.
Everything is going too fast.
Everything is going underwater.
Everything is going very badly.
Everything is going very well.
Everything is going well at present.
Everything is going well so far.
Everything is going well with our plan.
Everything is going well.
Everything is gone.
Everything is gonna be alright.
Everything is good now.
Everything is good when it ends good.
Everything is good.
Everything is great.
Everything is grown locally.
Everything is happening too fast.
Everything is happening too quickly.
Everything is hard. I'm throwing in the towel.
Everything is identical to something.
Everything is immoral.
Everything is impossible until it is done.
Everything is in Berber here.
Everything is in Berber.
Everything is in French.
Everything is in God's hands.
Everything is in a shambles.
Everything is in control.
Everything is in flux.
Everything is in good order.
Everything is in order.
Everything is in perfect working order.
Everything is in place already.
Everything is in place now.
Everything is in place.
Everything is in short supply in this part of Algeria.
Everything is in the car.
Everything is in the hands of God.
Everything is interconnected.
Everything is interpretation.
Everything is just an illusion.
Everything is just beginning.
Everything is just like the last time.
Everything is just the way we left it.
Everything is just the way you left it.
Everything is locally grown.
Everything is logical.
Everything is made of chemicals.
Everything is madness in this world, except pleasure.
Everything is mathematics.
Everything is messed up.
Everything is mindset.
Everything is missing.
Everything is much more complicated now.
Everything is much more complicated than you think.
Everything is much more complicated.
Everything is much more serious than we thought.
Everything is much simpler.
Everything is natural or organic in nature, and what is not, someone has artificially intervened there.
Everything is neatly in boxes.
Everything is negotiable.
Everything is never as it seems.
Everything is new when you look at it with new eyes.
Everything is new when you look with new eyes.
Everything is new.
Everything is new. I still can't get used to it.
Everything is nice now.
Everything is normal.
Everything is not as rosy as one would like.
Everything is not what it seems.
Everything is nothing.
Everything is now back to normal.
Everything is now back where it belongs.
Everything is now ready for you.
Everything is obvious.
Everything is okay in the end. If it's not okay, then it's not the end.
Everything is on schedule.
Everything is on the house.
Everything is on the table.
Everything is open to barter.
Everything is open to negotiation.
Everything is over.
Everything is perfect because you exist.
Everything is perfect.
Everything is perishable, but the good memories live.
Everything is piling up on me.
Everything is planned down to the smallest detail!
Everything is planned to be centralized. Destroy the head and free yourself.
Everything is poison and nothing is without poison, only the dose poisons.
Everything is poisonous, but nothing is poisonous in and of itself. It's only the dose that makes it poisonous.
Everything is political, including growing radishes.
Everything is political.
Everything is politics.
Everything is possible for us.
Everything is possible here.
Everything is possible in Algeria.
Everything is possible with money.
Everything is possible.
Everything is predetermined.
Everything is proceeding as expected.
Everything is quiet.
Everything is ready for tomorrow.
Everything is ready here.
Everything is ready now for our start.
Everything is ready now for the party.
Everything is ready!
Everything is ready.
Everything is really great.
Everything is related to everything.
Everything is relative, and that alone is absolute.
Everything is relative.
Everything is ruined because of you.
Everything is ruined.
Everything is ruled by money in this world.
Everything is running smoothly.
Everything is set.
Everything is setting up quite nicely and everything is coming all together to make way for Christine Lagarde's rise to power in France as soon as 2027.
Everything is shameful.
Everything is shut off.
Everything is so confusing.
Everything is so expensive.
Everything is so good.
Everything is so meaningless.
Everything is so new to me!
Everything is so precious.
Everything is so serious.
Everything is so small.
Everything is so strange.
Everything is solvable!
Everything is solved with more taxes.
Everything is spinning.
Everything is steadily deteriorating.
Everything is still fine.
Everything is still in good condition.
Everything is still new for me.
Everything is still the same.
Everything is still vague.
Everything is stupid.
Everything is subject to the laws of nature.
Everything is taking it's usual course.
Everything is tangled.
Everything is the same as before.
Everything is the same as it was.
Everything is the way it used to be.
Everything is the way we left it.
Everything is theoretically impossible until it's done.
Everything is theoretically impossible until it’s done.
Everything is to be sent for cleaning.
Everything is too simple.
Everything is topsy-turvy.
Everything is tough.
Everything is transient and therefore sorrowful.
Everything is transitory.
Everything is tricky; man can't explain things with talk.
Everything is turned upside down here!
Everything is turning out very well.
Everything is under control here.
Everything is under control.
Everything is under discussion.
Everything is under the table.
Everything is under water.
Everything is unfolding before us.
Everything is upside down!
Everything is upside down.
Everything is vanity.
Everything is very chaotic.
Everything is very clear now.
Everything is very complicated.
Everything is very expensive in this store.
Everything is well with us.
Everything is white.
Everything is wired up.
Everything is within reach.
Everything is within walking distance.
Everything is working out just as Tom predicted.
Everything is working.
Everything is worth it if the soul is not small.
Everything isn't always simple in life.
Everything isn't always that good.
Everything isn't perfect.
Everything isn't ready yet.
Everything isn't yours.
Everything just fell into place.
Everything just happened today.
Everything just happens.
Everything just went wrong.
Everything like this can seem very laughable in the West. However, in the East it caused battles lasting a century.
Everything looked OK.
Everything looked beautiful, in the freshness of early spring.
Everything looked bright and hopeful.
Everything looked nice.
Everything looked normal.
Everything looked undisturbed.
Everything looks bad.
Everything looks beautiful in Toki Pona. Even "my monkey ran away".
Everything looks blurry. I think I need a new pair of glasses.
Everything looks different at night.
Everything looks dirty.
Everything looks exactly the same.
Everything looks fine to me.
Everything looks fine.
Everything looks good here.
Everything looks good to me.
Everything looks good.
Everything looks great.
Everything looks in order.
Everything looks normal at Ziri's place.
Everything looks normal.
Everything looks pretty normal.
Everything looks right.
Everything looks so calm.
Everything looks so clear after the rain.
Everything looks so delicious.
Everything looks the same.
Everything made Tom laugh.
Everything made it into the documents.
Everything makes sense now.
Everything makes sense to Gunter now.
Everything man can imagine can be done.
Everything matched.
Everything matters.
Everything militated against his success.
Everything militates against his success.
Everything moves fast in this city.
Everything must be accounted for.
Everything must be flawless.
Everything must be handled very carefully.
Everything must be in perfect order for the wedding.
Everything must be nothing less than perfect.
Everything must be perfect.
Everything must be state of the art.
Everything must come to an end.
Everything must go!
Everything must go.
Everything necessary has been done.
Everything needs to be cleared out of this room.
Everything needs to be done before you leave.
Everything needs to change, so that everything can stay the same.
Everything new is something old that’s been sufficiently forgotten.
Everything of mine is yours.
Everything okay, brother? Be well.
Everything okay?
Everything on the Internet is gonna be there forever.
Everything on this table is free.
Everything on this table is less than three dollars.
Everything on top of the table started rattling when the earthquake hit.
Everything opens up to you with a mobile phone.
Everything our parents left us, we despised it.
Everything out of Tom's mouth is right-wing mumbo jumbo.
Everything outside is fly-posted again.
Everything panned out great in the end so there was no use being worried sick about your exam results.
Everything passes.
Everything passes. Love remains.
Everything perishes except the world itself.
Everything pointed to this answer.
Everything points to Tom.
Everything points to his guilt.
Everything points to that.
Everything popular is wrong.
Everything possible in our imagination is also possible in reality.
Everything possible will be done to avert similar incidents occurring in future.
Everything possible will be done to keep things like this from happening in the future.
Everything possible will be done to keep this from happening again.
Everything possible will be done to prevent events like this from happening in future.
Everything posted must be free, legal, and appropriate for all ages.
Everything quietens down at night.
Everything reactionary is the same; if you do not hit it, it will not fall.
Everything really sucks!
Everything remained the same.
Everything remains as it was.
Everything repeated.
Everything returned to normalcy.
Everything revolves around Tom.
Everything said by her is pure truth.
Everything seemed OK.
Everything seemed age appropriate.
Everything seemed calm.
Everything seemed dulled by Sunday's torpor and the dolefulness of the summer days.
Everything seemed fine at first.
Everything seemed like a lie.
Everything seemed neat and orderly at a first glance.
Everything seemed normal.
Everything seemed perfect.
Everything seemed possible then.
Everything seemed right.
Everything seemed to be OK.
Everything seemed to be going perfectly.
Everything seemed to be going smoothly for Sami and Layla.
Everything seemed to be happening in slow motion.
Everything seemed to change.
Everything seemed to fall apart at once.
Everything seemed to go wrong with me.
Everything seemed to work.
Everything seemed too perfect.
Everything seemed wrong to Tom.
Everything seems OK.
Everything seems confusing.
Everything seems fair and above board.
Everything seems fine.
Everything seems hard in the beginning.
Everything seems hard.
Everything seems ideal.
Everything seems in order.
Everything seems lighter when you’re near.
Everything seems normal enough.
Everything seems possible at night.
Everything seems possible.
Everything seems so easy for you.
Everything seems so real.
Everything seems to be OK now.
Everything seems to be going OK.
Everything seems to be going perfectly.
Everything seems to be going smoothly.
Everything seems to be in order.
Everything seems to be just fine.
Everything seems to be possible in Algeria.
Everything seems to be running smoothly.
Everything seems to be working OK.
Everything seems to go right with Tom.
Everything seems to go right with him.
Everything seems too perfect.
Everything seems weird to him.
Everything seems wrong.
Everything she does shows that she has character.
Everything she said was right.
Everything she says is pure truth.
Everything she says is true.
Everything she says is untrue.
Everything she's saying is true.
Everything she's saying must be true.
Everything should be done in accordance with the rules.
Everything should be done neatly.
Everything should be done with the greatest caution.
Everything should be doubted, I say.
Everything should be in order.
Everything should be prepared flawlessly.
Everything should be questioned.
Everything slipped away from him, what does he still possess, poor soul?
Everything smelled new.
Everything smells good in the kitchen!
Everything smells so delicious.
Everything speaks in the universe; there is nothing that doesn't have its language.
Everything started off OK.
Everything started to feel alright again.
Everything started to unravel.
Everything starts from a basis.
Everything starts from that basis.
Everything starts with a rocket.
Everything stayed the same.
Everything stays the same.
Everything still looked normal.
Everything stopped.
Everything sucks.
Everything suggests that Tom will be re-elected.
Everything surprises me today.
Everything takes longer than you think.
Everything tangible relating to a computer can be called 'hardware'.
Everything tasted good.
Everything tastes good when you're hungry.
Everything tastes good!
Everything tastes good.
Everything tells against him being successful.
Everything that Capricorns crave the most in life is having success and making lots of money.
Everything that I own will someday be yours.
Everything that I said is true.
Everything that I said to him, applies to you too.
Everything that I saw was completely different from what I had expected.
Everything that I say is a lie. And that's the truth.
Everything that I thought would happen has happened.
Everything that Tom could see was foreign to him.
Everything that Tom had predicted came true.
Everything that Tom just said was true.
Everything that Tom predicted happened.
Everything that Tom predicted would happen has happened.
Everything that Tom said is true.
Everything that Tom told me about Mary was true.
Everything that can be done has already been done.
Everything that can be invented has been invented.
Everything that can go wrong will go wrong.
Everything that could go wrong did.
Everything that could go wrong has gone wrong.
Everything that could go wrong went wrong.
Everything that could go wrong, went wrong.
Everything that could've gone wrong went wrong.
Everything that existed, we inherited it.
Everything that goes up must come down.
Everything that had just happened, the whole manner in which the conversation had been conducted, still hurt and tormented my childish soul.
Everything that happened was Tom's fault.
Everything that happens to you affects me.
Everything that has a beginning has an end.
Everything that has meaning can be called language.
Everything that has wings, flies!
Everything that he did was connected to Islam.
Everything that he did was connected to the mosque.
Everything that is in this world is but a dream.
Everything that is not me is incomprehensible.
Everything that is said at Tatoeba can have repercussion.
Everything that is too stupid to say, is sung.
Everything that lives comes from an egg.
Everything that lives perishes.
Everything that lives will die sometime.
Everything that makes me feel comfortable and safe, I found by taking risks.
Everything that my dad said has been forgotten.
Everything that starts has an end.
Everything that surrounds the princess is golden: tables, chairs, dishes, beakers, and furniture.
Everything that they did was for us.
Everything that touches my magic wand immediately collapses into dust.
Everything that was asked for has now been sent.
Everything that was the wife's becomes the husband's property.
Everything that was written about vampires matched Boldi.
Everything that we asked Tom to do will be difficult for him to do.
Everything that we asked Tom to do will be hard for him to do.
Everything that we think of as “modern human civilization”—permanent agriculture, continuously occupied cities, free WiFi—has emerged since the last ice age ended roughly 11,000 years ago.
Everything that we've asked you to do can be done very easily.
Everything that you say may be used against you.
Everything that's happening is Tom's fault.
Everything there was afraid.
Everything there was old and rundown.
Everything there was scared.
Everything there was, he inherited it.
Everything they do is connected to the mosque.
Everything this boy says oozes discontentment. I have to wonder about his parents.
Everything this guy touches turns to magic.
Everything told against him being successful.
Everything too stupid to say is sung.
Everything turned out all right in the end.
Everything turned out alright.
Everything turned out for the best.
Everything turned out great.
Everything turned out satisfactory.
Everything turned upside down in just a few seconds.
Everything unfolded before my eyes.
Everything unknown is doubted.
Everything up to this point doesn't count.
Everything up to this point is not counted.
Everything was OK.
Everything was a mess.
Everything was about to change.
Everything was all right again after ten minutes.
Everything was allowed: You could kick, trip, hit, or bite your opponent.
Everything was already being taken care of.
Everything was already done.
Everything was always so good.
Everything was arranged.
Everything was as before.
Everything was as exactly as I had thought it would be.
Everything was as it had been when I left there.
Everything was as it should be.
Everything was bad.
Everything was bathed in a wondrous blue light down there; you might more readily have supposed yourself to be high up in the air, with only the sky above and below you, than that you were at the bottom of the ocean.
Everything was bathed in a wondrous blue light.
Everything was being burnt to ashes.
Everything was better in the past.
Everything was blurry.
Everything was brand new.
Everything was burnt to ashes.
Everything was cleaned.
Everything was clear and simple.
Everything was coated in a layer of filth.
Everything was completely black.
Everything was completely dark.
Everything was completely silent.
Everything was cooked perfectly.
Everything was covered with snow as far as the eye could see.
Everything was created by God.
Everything was delicious!
Everything was delicious.
Everything was devoured and reduced to ashes.
Everything was different afterwards.
Everything was difficult.
Everything was dirty.
Everything was done for us.
Everything was done in accordance with the rules.
Everything was done right, down to the last detail.
Everything was easy.
Everything was eerily quiet.
Everything was exactly as it was.
Everything was exciting to me when I visited Spain for the first time.
Everything was fairly normal.
Everything was falling into place perfectly.
Everything was falling into place.
Everything was fine at first.
Everything was fine for the first few days.
Everything was fine until Tom set the house on fire.
Everything was fine until Tom started drinking.
Everything was fine, except the weather.
Everything was fine.
Everything was finished.
Everything was for sale.
Everything was forgotten, as if nothing at all had happened between them.
Everything was getting soaked.
Everything was going as he had planned.
Everything was going fairly well.
Everything was going great.
Everything was going normal.
Everything was going perfectly.
Everything was going really great for the two of them.
Everything was going to end and begin again.
Everything was going well at first.
Everything was gone.
Everything was good.
Everything was great until recently.
Everything was happening so fast.
Everything was held up.
Everything was in Berber.
Everything was in French.
Everything was in confusion in the Oblonskys' house.
Everything was in excellent condition.
Everything was in its place.
Everything was in order until he came.
Everything was in order.
Everything was in place.
Everything was in ruins once the storm subsided.
Everything was in slow motion.
Everything was inside the microwave.
Everything was intact.
Everything was just a joke.
Everything was just so hard.
Everything was just the way I left it.
Everything was kept separate.
Everything was locked; how did he escape?
Everything was lost in the confusion.
Everything was lost.
Everything was lovely.
Everything was much simpler then.
Everything was new to me.
Everything was new.
Everything was normal.
Everything was not fine.
Everything was now in an uproar, some calling for their pistols, some for their horses, and some for another flask of wine.
Everything was on sale.
Everything was on the line.
Everything was only a joke.
Everything was out in the open.
Everything was out of place when I came back home.
Everything was over and Fyodor was safe.
Everything was paid for by Tom.
Everything was paid for.
Everything was perfect, down to the smallest detail.
Everything was perfect, just as I expected.
Everything was perfect.
Everything was perfectly normal.
Everything was pitch black.
Everything was planned down to the last detail.
Everything was pointing to this answer.
Everything was prepared in advance.
Everything was prepared very well.
Everything was prepared well in advance.
Everything was pretty equal.
Everything was quiet in the castle's park.
Everything was quiet in the room.
Everything was quiet, save for the wind.
Everything was ready for the trip.
Everything was ready.
Everything was running smoothly.
Everything was safe and quiet.
Everything was silent.
Everything was simpler in those days.
Everything was simpler then.
Everything was so beautiful.
Everything was so delicate and fragile that I was afraid to break something.
Everything was so pretty.
Everything was so quiet you could hear his breathing.
Everything was so religious.
Everything was so slow.
Everything was so small.
Everything was solved at the last moment.
Everything was still dead from winter.
Everything was still in the box.
Everything was still silent.
Everything was still.
Everything was stolen.
Everything was submitted on time.
Everything was suggesting this answer.
Everything was supposed to be ready by now.
Everything was supposed to change.
Everything was taken from him.
Everything was taken from us.
Everything was taken.
Everything was tasty.
Everything was the way I left it.
Everything was there.
Everything was very good.
Everything was very tasty.
Everything was where it should've been.
Everything was where it was supposed to be.
Everything was white. Nothing had a single spec of color.
Everything was working smoothly, better than I had expected.
Everything was working.
Everything was wrong.
Everything we asked Tom to do will be difficult for him to do.
Everything we asked Tom to do will be hard for him to do.
Everything we can imagine is real, but what is really real is the real question.
Everything we do is based on some form of motivation. We eat because we're hungry. We talk to people to fulfill a social need.
Everything we don't have when we're born, but need when we're older, education gives us.
Everything we experience on a daily basis is the result of what we subconsciously believe we deserve.
Everything we get from Ziri breaks down.
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.
Everything we hear is just an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is just a perspective, not the truth.
Everything we love in civilization is the product of human intelligence.
Everything we need is right here.
Everything we see influences us in some way.
Everything we sell is made out of wood.
Everything we write is autobiographical.
Everything we've asked you to do can be done very easily.
Everything we've told you is true.
Everything weighs on my shoulders.
Everything went according to plan.
Everything went according to prediction.
Everything went as I expected.
Everything went as expected.
Everything went as planned.
Everything went as we intended.
Everything went back in place.
Everything went back to normal in the town.
Everything went back to normal slowly.
Everything went better than I had expected.
Everything went black.
Everything went dark.
Everything went dead quiet.
Everything went down the drain.
Everything went exactly as planned.
Everything went fine since.
Everything went great.
Everything went horribly wrong for Tom.
Everything went horribly wrong.
Everything went horribly.
Everything went into the documents.
Everything went just fine.
Everything went like clockwork.
Everything went out.
Everything went poof!
Everything went quiet.
Everything went really well with the operation.
Everything went right for me.
Everything went silent.
Everything went smoothly.
Everything went strangely quiet.
Everything went the way we planned it.
Everything went up in smoke.
Everything went very smoothly.
Everything went very well.
Everything went well in Algeria.
Everything went well last weekend.
Everything went well with him.
Everything went well, as I expected.
Everything went well.
Everything went without a hitch.
Everything went wrong for him.
Everything went wrong.
Everything which flies will sooner or later fall down.
Everything will be OK in the end.
Everything will be OK, Ziri.
Everything will be OK.
Everything will be OK. I promise.
Everything will be all right now.
Everything will be all right soon.
Everything will be all right.
Everything will be alright, trust me.
Everything will be alright.
Everything will be alright. I promise.
Everything will be as before.
Everything will be decided on Monday.
Everything will be decided today.
Everything will be different in the future.
Everything will be different.
Everything will be fine as long as she keeps me awake a few more minutes.
Everything will be fine come the wedding day.
Everything will be fine come the wedding.
Everything will be fine for you.
Everything will be fine now.
Everything will be fine today.
Everything will be fine, just believe in yourself!
Everything will be fine.
Everything will be fine. Don't worry.
Everything will be just fine.
Everything will be lost now.
Everything will be okay as long as he keeps me awake a few more minutes.
Everything will be okay.
Everything will be okay. I promise.
Everything will be perfect.
Everything will be privatised this year.
Everything will be ready in an hour.
Everything will blow over eventually.
Everything will change in Algeria.
Everything will change.
Everything will considerably improve soon.
Everything will depend on the results.
Everything will depend what kind of results we get.
Everything will end.
Everything will go to waste.
Everything will go well today.
Everything will happen like we want it.
Everything will happen the way we want it to.
Everything will have to be sterilized.
Everything will have to go.
Everything will improve.
Everything will soon be decided.
Everything will sort out quickly.
Everything will turn out all right.
Everything will turn out alright, you know it! Believe in yourself! You're already an outstanding swimmer.
Everything will turn out fine.
Everything will turn out for the best.
Everything will turn out well.
Everything will work out as it should.
Everything will work out fine.
Everything will work out in due course.
Everything will work out in the end.
Everything will work out on schedule.
Everything will work out.
Everything worked according to plan in the church.
Everything worked as expected.
Everything worked fine.
Everything worked out OK.
Everything worked out nicely.
Everything worked out.
Everything worked perfectly.
Everything worked smoothly.
Everything worked without a hitch.
Everything worked without a problem.
Everything worked.
Everything works out in the end.
Everything would be easier if we could float.
Everything would be mine.
Everything would change if that were true.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Everything you cook is delicious.
Everything you do is exactly right.
Everything you have will have you someday.
Everything you knew about DNA is not going to help you through this course.
Everything you love will be lost one day.
Everything you need is here.
Everything you need is in this box.
Everything you need is in this folder.
Everything you need to leaf through a good book: a big, fluffy bed, snug armchair, and, of course, a wall-to-wall selection of reading material.
Everything you need will be provided for you.
Everything you post on Bluesky is used to train generative AI.
Everything you read is still not enough.
Everything you really need fits in a single backpack.
Everything you said in your mail is just right - except the price.
Everything you said is true.
Everything you said was false.
Everything you saw was an illusion.
Everything you say is a lie.
Everything you say is so logically right.
Everything you want is just outside your comfort zone.
Everything you want is there.
Everything you wrote in your email is spot on – except the price.
Everything you'll need is in this folder.
Everything you're saying is absolutely reasonable.
Everything you've heard is correct.
Everything you've heard is true.
Everything you've just said isn't true.
Everything you've said is correct.
Everything you've said is true.
Everything you've told me so far was an utter lie.
Everything'll be all right.
Everything's OK now.
Everything's OK so far.
Everything's OK.
Everything's OK. Don't worry.
Everything's a drama with you.
Everything's a little crazy right now.
Everything's about to change.
Everything's about you, so I'm not going!
Everything's all right now.
Everything's all right.
Everything's already been said.
Everything's already closed.
Everything's already in the fridge.
Everything's already in the refrigerator.
Everything's as usual.
Everything's back to normal.
Everything's back to the way it used to be.
Everything's back to the way it was.
Everything's become automated.
Everything's becoming automated.
Everything's been easy for us.
Everything's been great.
Everything's been stolen.
Everything's better with bacon.
Everything's better without you.
Everything's better.
Everything's big in Texas.
Everything's changed since my last visit.
Everything's changed.
Everything's changing.
Everything's clear as day.
Everything's closed already.
Everything's coming to an end.
Everything's coming up roses.
Everything's different now.
Everything's different.
Everything's dirt-cheap.
Everything's disgusting.
Everything's done.
Everything's falling apart.
Everything's fine now.
Everything's fine the way it is.
Everything's fine with me.
Everything's fine, thank you.
Everything's fine.
Everything's fine. It was just a bad dream, a nightmare.
Everything's free.
Everything's fresh and new.
Everything's going OK.
Everything's going according to plan.
Everything's going great.
Everything's going smoothly.
Everything's going to be OK now.
Everything's going to be OK.
Everything's going to be all right now.
Everything's going to be all right.
Everything's going to be all right. Stop crying.
Everything's going to be alright.
Everything's going to be fine.
Everything's going to be great as soon as Tom and Mary get here.
Everything's going to be great as soon as Tom gets here.
Everything's going to be great.
Everything's going to be just fine.
Everything's going to be okay.
Everything's going to be smooth sailing from here on out.
Everything's going to get better.
Everything's going to work out.
Everything's going well.
Everything's gone pretty good so far.
Everything's gone wrong.
Everything's gone.
Everything's good at home.
Everything's great here.
Everything's great.
Everything's happening here.
Everything's happening too quickly.
Everything's here.
Everything's horrible.
Everything's hunky-dory.
Everything's in order here.
Everything's in order.
Everything's in place.
Everything's in the car.
Everything's in your room.
Everything's just fine and dandy!
Everything's just like before.
Everything's just like it used to be.
Everything's just wonderful.
Everything's negotiable.
Everything's normal.
Everything's on Wikipedia.
Everything's over, I'm with you!
Everything's perfect.
Everything's political.
Everything's possible in your dreams.
Everything's possible, but money doesn't grow on trees.
Everything's quiet now.
Everything's quite informal.
Everything's quite satisfactory.
Everything's ready for you.
Everything's ready to go.
Everything's ready.
Everything's really cheap.
Everything's returning to normal.
Everything's ruined.
Everything's running like clockwork.
Everything's shut here in the evening, so I suppose we'll be eating at home.
Everything's so cheap.
Everything's sold out.
Everything's still going well?
Everything's still new to me.
Everything's taken care of.
Everything's the same as before.
Everything's the same.
Everything's tidy.
Everything's under control here.
Everything's under control.
Everything's very cheap.
Everything's well.
Everything's white outside.
Everything's within reach.
Everything's working fine.
Everything's wrong.
Everything, I mean literally everything has disappeared.
Everything, really everything at Tom's place is connected with cats.
Everything’s a little crazy right now.
Everything’s about you, so I’m not going!
Everything’s going to be OK.
Everything’s in order here.
Everything’s sold out.
Everytime her husband looked at me, he almost asked me: "For what purpose have you come here?"
Everytime we get back together, my love feelings get lively once again and get revified once again.
Everytime we get reunited, my love feelings towards him go right back in full swing.
Everywhere I look, I see English.
Everywhere I look, I see your eyes.
Everywhere I look, it's just a bunch of dead ends.
Everywhere groups of boys were gathered together. Some played at marbles, at hopscotch, at ball. Others rode on bicycles or on wooden horses.
Everywhere he goes he causes trouble.
Everywhere he goes, he tells a lie.
Everywhere he stopped, the people welcomed him warmly.
Everywhere he went, he taught love, patience, and most of all, non-violence.
Everywhere in Vienna Beethoven was a welcome guest.
Everywhere in the city, body counts is increasing quite alarmingly and the culprit behind all this will soon be discovered.
Everywhere in town it's getting dark.
Everywhere in town it’s getting dark.
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time.
Everywhere lay bottles, seed husks, and other litter.
Everywhere looks beautiful in the spring.
Everywhere seems to be crowded.
Everywhere the same revolt took place, with the same features, passing through the same phases, leading to the same results.
Everywhere there were mingled the luxury of the wealthy man of taste and the careless untidiness of the bachelor.
Everywhere we went, we enjoyed ourselves a lot.
Everywhere were fruits and sweet and delightful flowers.
Everywhere you go will find the same scenery.
Everywhere you go, you will find the same scenery.
Everywhere you look are snow-covered hills and valleys.
Everywhere you look you can see children playing.
Everywhere you look you can see damage caused by the earthquake.
Everywhere you look you can see young couples kissing.
Everywhere you look, there are snow-covered hills and valleys.
Everywhere, the days are shorter and the temperatures are lower in winter.
Evgeniya Sotnikova sings like an angel.
Evidence collection is crucial to convict war criminals.
Evidence has been destroyed.
Evidence has been recovered.
Evidence of Neolithic culture in India begins to be found from around 4000 BC.
Evidence of the Berber cultural heritage is everywhere in Algeria.
Evidence of the Second Temple is actually overwhelming.
Evidence of the Vikings' presence can be found on the Canadian island of Newfoundland at a place called l'Anse Aux Meadows.
Evidence of the formation of a new planet has been collected by scientists working at the European Southern Observatory’s Very Large Telescope (VLT) in Chile.
Evidence that Harrison did not intend this work to be a parody can be seen in his letter to Mrs. Evans.
Evidence that the above example is farfetched can be seen by comparing the total occurrences of component X.
Evidence will show Tom was the only one there.
Evidently Tom got fired for doing that.
Evidently he does not want to speak to me.
Evidently her mother started screaming.
Evidently not.
Evidently someone took it, without me noticing.
Evidently something very momentous had occurred that afternoon.
Evidently ventilation was not one of the many popular specialities of Alexander the Great's establishment, for the atmosphere of the restaurant was heavy with the fumes of yesterday's food, the pictorial advertisements of which were being now expunged from the blackboard.
Evidently you still have a ways to go.
Evidently, Tom can't do that.
Evidently, Tom didn't have to go.
Evidently, Tom didn't need to go.
Evidently, Tom didn't want to go.
Evidently, Tom wasn't interested.
Evidently, Tom's made a mistake.
Evidently, he's made a mistake.
Evidently, he’s made a mistake.
Evidently, it's going to rain tomorrow.
Evidently, it's time for us to leave.
Evidently, it’s going to rain tomorrow.
Evidently, no one can resist reading the ballad "Chavayn" by Olyk Ipay.
Evidently, our expert witness comes armed not only with details but a conscience.
Evidently, she was very impressed by his car.
Evidently, that's a crime.
Evidently, there is a problem.
Evidently, we need to do that today.
Evil always wins.
Evil cannot prevail.
Evil comes faster than it recedes.
Evil comes not from technique, but from those who abuse it.
Evil doesn't go unpunished.
Evil exists, but not without good, as shadow exists, but not without light.
Evil is but a shadow.
Evil is easy, and has infinite forms.
Evil is everywhere.
Evil is not eternal.
Evil is the opposite of good.
Evil isn't born, it is taught.
Evil isn't eternal.
Evil lurks in those woods.
Evil on Earth assumed monumental dimensions.
Evil on Earth will be defeated in the end.
Evil only breeds more suffering, never peace.
Evil people are the most suspicious.
Evil runs deep in my veins.
Evil serves no constructive purpose in our society.
Evil sometimes wins.
Evil spirits are mean.
Evil unto him who thinks evil of it.
Evildoers always think the worst of others.
Evliya Celebi was a Turkish traveller who lived in the 17th century.
Evolution has shown that adaptability is key in all species.
Evolution has taught them to dodge, to put solid objects between them and predators, to be erratic and to be fast.
Evolution is a lie.
Evolution is a tinkerer and not an engineer.
Evolution is adaptation.
Evolution is cleverer than you are.
Evolution is not an opinion, it's a fact.
Evolution is not progression, but adaptation.
Evolution isn't real.
Evolutionary anthropology is based in natural science and social science.
Evolutionary psychologists mostly focus on what makes us so much alike.
Evolutionary psychology generally does not make testable predictions, so it is often viewed as a pseudoscience.
Evolutionary psychology is a political project which aims to justify social hierarchies by assuming they are innate and speculating as to why.
Evolutionary psychology is largely a pseudoscience, as it cannot be measured or tested and is not based on experimental results.
Evolutionary psychology is some guys telling stories about why they think things are the way they are.
Evolutionary thinking, the understanding that species change with the passage of time, has its roots in antiquity.
Evolve or become a blob of cancer.
Evoé! Inebriated, the bacchantes evoked Dionysus in festive rituals.
Ew!
Ew! My uncle's basement smells of skunk!
Ew! That's so gross!
Ew! This looks gross!
Ew! What's this stench? I hope it's not a skunk.
Ew! Who just farted in the car?
Ew! You stepped on it.
Ew!!! Did you just fart?
Ew, cockroaches!
Ew.
Ewan is working at the supermarket now.
Ewes bleat to call their lambs, the most gentle and meekest of animals.
Ewes have four teats.
Ewondo is the language spoken by the Ewondo tribe of Cameroon.
Eww!
Ex-colonial powers are self-appointed champions of democracy and human rights.
Ex-colonial powers like to lecture other nations on how to run their own internal affairs.
Exact change, please.
Exact numbers of the dead and injured vary according to source.
Exactly how bad is Tom?
Exactly how does this work?
Exactly how many times did you do that?
Exactly how many times did you hit Tom?
Exactly how much did that cost?
Exactly how much money did you lose?
Exactly how much money do you make?
Exactly how much money was stolen?
Exactly how old are you?
Exactly how old is Tom?
Exactly how will we do that?
Exactly one student respects every professor.
Exactly six years ago I first came to New Zealand.
Exactly this is our role and not a notary's role.
Exactly what I said might happen, happened.
Exactly what does that mean?
Exactly what does your work involve?
Exactly what happened here?
Exactly what is it you want?
Exactly what kind of name is Tom?
Exactly what kind of work do you do?
Exactly what method did you use to improve your Mandarin in such a short space of time?
Exactly what was supposed to happen?
Exactly what would you have me do, then?
Exactly what's the accusation here?
Exactly where are we going?
Exactly why is this plan better?
Exactly!
Exactly! That's right!
Exactly! You took the words right out of my mouth.
Exactly, my dear.
Exactly, that is indispensable.
Exactly, that is required.
Exactly, that is what I need.
Exactly, you must be him.
Exactly.
Exactly. And if you behave, I’ll give you a rope to tie him up during the day. And a stake.
Exaggeration is a billion times worse than understatement.
Examinations interfere with the real meaning of education.
Examinations interfere with the real purpose of education.
Examinations play a large part in education.
Examinations pose a big problem.
Examine it.
Examine the car before you drive it.
Examine the evidence. How has the reporter confirmed the evidence? Is there video you can trust? Is there a paper trail -- documents to prove what happened?
Examine the pile of documents in advance.
Examine the question in its entirety.
Examine them.
Examine this.
Examine your conscience and act accordingly.
Examine yourself.
Examine yourselves.
Examiners must wear rubber gloves when distributing and collecting answer sheets and test questions.
Example 4 shows how to create a filesystem that only exists for the duration of the job and is shared by all nodes.
Example is better than precept.
Example is the best precept.
Example sentence no. 354618 created a lot of confusion on the Tatoeba website.
Example sentences are the future.
Example sentences at Tatoeba are like microbes. Some are helpful, some are harmful.
Example sentences should be stand-alone.
Example sentences you'll use every day are good, but hypothetical situations can also be useful for learning how grammar works.
Examples are needed.
Examples can be taken from the course materials or can be texts that you found autonomously.
Examples can be taken from the course materials or can text you've found yourself.
Examples can be taken from the course materials or from texts that you find on your own.
Examples can be taken from the course materials, or can be texts you've found yourself.
Examples in smuggling include suitcases with false bottoms for hiding contraband.
Examples of animals common to alpine tundra environments include mountain goats, pikas, chinchillas, yaks, and marmots.
Examples of antioxidants found in food include beta-carotene, lycopene, and vitamins A, C, and E.
Examples of conditions that may cause episodic periods of incapacity include asthma, diabetes, epilepsy, etc.
Examples of drupes - also called stone fruits - include cherries, damsons, olives, dates, and apricots.
Examples of ethnoreligious groups include Jews, Maronites, and Sikhs.
Examples of plutocrats buying media that oppose them include the recent far-right takeovers of CNN, Newsweek, and Twitter.
Exams always make me nervous.
Exams are overrated.
Exams are right after summer vacation.
Exams are so boring and it takes so long to complete.
Exasperate no-one.
Excavating gold can be a prosperous career.
Excavating human graves is just a part of what an archaeologist needs to do.
Excellent putt.
Excellent reviews.
Excellent!
Excellent! It's just like you to come through like that.
Excellent! It’s just like you to come through like that.
Excellent! You are very good at Greek!
Excellent.
Except Barack Obama, all US presidents were white.
Except at big parties, I never drink alcohol.
Except during the holidays, teachers cannot travel.
Except for Bill, they all made it.
Except for Bill, they were all in time.
Except for John, they all arrived.
Except for Sundays, he works every day.
Except for Taro, Jiro is the tallest.
Except for Tom, I didn't know anyone there.
Except for Tom, I don't know anybody there.
Except for Tom, I don't know anyone there.
Except for Tom, everybody did that.
Except for Tom, everybody has gone home.
Except for Tom, everybody has left.
Except for Tom, everybody seems to be having fun.
Except for Tom, everybody went home.
Except for Tom, everyone did that.
Except for Tom, everyone has gone home.
Except for Tom, everyone has left.
Except for Tom, everyone in the family can speak French.
Except for Tom, everyone in the office left at 2:30.
Except for Tom, everyone laughed.
Except for Tom, everyone was wearing a hat.
Except for Tom, everyone went home.
Except for Tom, the family was all watching TV in silence.
Except for Tom, the whole family went swimming.
Except for a desk, there was nothing else in his room.
Except for a few gossamer clouds, the sky was clear and blue.
Except for a few minor mistakes, your writing is good.
Except for a few mistakes, his composition is perfect.
Except for carrots, there is nothing he won't eat.
Except for carrots, there is nothing he won’t eat.
Except for cats, I like animals.
Except for him, I have no other emotional support.
Except for him, the family was all watching TV in silence.
Except for leap years, Christmas is the 359th day of the year.
Except for leap years, February has only 28 days.
Except for me, there wasn't a single person there.
Except for me, there wasn’t a single person there.
Except for numbers, nothing is as deceptive as facts.
Except for one person, everybody went home.
Except for pronunciation, everyone can speak good French.
Except for some modifications, the project was approved.
Except for that, you didn't have any choice.
Except for the bad weather and the frequent earthquakes, this is almost a perfect place to live.
Except for the storm, I would have arrived earlier.
Except for the storm, I would've arrived earlier.
Except for the weather, it was a fun picnic.
Except for the weather, it was a great picnic.
Except for this mistake, this is a good report.
Except for this, things are not so simple.
Except in special circumstances, anyone is allowed to enter the building.
Except that here, it's not so simple.
Except that here, it’s not so simple.
Except that the one who sent me to baptize with water told me...
Except the land of the priests, which had been given them by the king: to whom also a certain allowance of food was given out of the public stores, and therefore they were not forced to sell their possessions.
Except when nesting, swifts spend their lives in the air, living on the insects caught in flight; they drink, feed, mate and sleep on the wing.
Excepting Sundays he works every day.
Excepting the woollen goods and a small trade in metals, leather is the only manufactured article which figured to any appreciable extent in our export of 1730.
Exceptional patience is required.
Exceptions don't break the rule.
Exceptions prove the rule.
Exceptions will be noted.
Excess baggage costs a lot extra.
Excess of politeness is annoying.
Excess sugar, or glucose, in your blood is not good. But a healthy body regulates it through insulin, produced in the organ called the pancreas.
Excess water went down the drain to the sewage.
Excessive alcohol consumption must be prohibited.
Excessive caution never hurts, you know.
Excessive choice results in the inability to choose.
Excessive concern with safety can be dangerous.
Excessive consumerism in some countries affects the natural environment.
Excessive drinking is destructive of our health.
Excessive drinking is one of the causes of impotence.
Excessive earwax may impair hearing.
Excessive fear makes always to act clumsily.
Excessive frankness is harmful.
Excessive gambling causes the same brain changes as a drug addiction.
Excessive generalization is a temptation for all original thinkers.
Excessive honesty can be disastrous.
Excessive indulgence makes a thief famous.
Excessive indulgence spoiled the child.
Excessive obedience supposes ignorance in the person that obeys: the same it supposes in him that commands, for he has no occasion to deliberate, to doubt, to reason; he has only to will.
Excessive perfectionism leaves no room for creativity.
Excessive politeness is annoying.
Excessive reliance on monetary policy an attempt to curb inflation could unnecessarily constrain credit and hence business.
Excessive reliance on monetary policy in an attempt to curb inflation could unnecessarily constrain credit and hence business.
Excessive smoking will injure your health.
Excessive supply leads to a drop in prices.
Excessive use of the Internet is not a medical or psychiatric issue.
Excessive work killed him.
Excessive work saps your strength, you need to rest for a bit.
Exchange the old part for a new one.
Exchanges with you seem to go on endlessly.
Excite the mind: words.
Excited by these things, he sends his friend's father a long letter by nightfall.
Excited girls look pretty sometimes.
Excitement hung around Anne like a garment, shone in her eyes, kindled in every feature.
Excitement is not good for a man of my age.
Excitement isn't good for a man of my age.
Excitement over the new product spread quickly throughout the division.
Exclamation marks are used much more frequently in German than they are in English.
Excluding Barack Obama, all US presidents were white.
Excluding Barack Obama, all presidents of the United States were white.
Excluding me, there were 5 people in the room.
Excuse Tom, please.
Excuse me a minute, Tom.
Excuse me a minute.
Excuse me a moment.
Excuse me a second.
Excuse me asking, but what's that?
Excuse me but may I ask for your name and contact information?
Excuse me but, would you kindly lift that box for me?
Excuse me for a minute.
Excuse me for a moment, please! I have to change.
Excuse me for a moment, please.
Excuse me for a moment.
Excuse me for a second.
Excuse me for barging in like this.
Excuse me for being born.
Excuse me for being dressed like this.
Excuse me for being frank.
Excuse me for being late.
Excuse me for being vulgar.
Excuse me for bothering you.
Excuse me for interrupting you, but would you mind opening the window?
Excuse me for interrupting you.
Excuse me for interrupting, I’ve got something to tell you.
Excuse me for interrupting.
Excuse me for interrupting. I've got something to tell you.
Excuse me for just a minute.
Excuse me for just one second.
Excuse me for not contacting you for such a long time.
Excuse me for not having answered your letter sooner.
Excuse me for not having come over earlier.
Excuse me for one moment.
Excuse me for one second.
Excuse me for opening your letter by mistake.
Excuse me for the abrupt question.
Excuse me for the unrelated question.
Excuse me for what I did.
Excuse me if I call you an asshole, but that's what I think you are.
Excuse me if I hit you.
Excuse me if my sentence is crooked.
Excuse me just a moment.
Excuse me just a second. I'll go and get the whiskey.
Excuse me just a second. I’ll go and get the whiskey.
Excuse me one moment.
Excuse me one second.
Excuse me sir, could you spare some change?
Excuse me sir, do you need help?
Excuse me while I kiss this guy.
Excuse me while I take my clothes off.
Excuse me!
Excuse me! May I open the window?
Excuse me! Who are you?
Excuse me! Would you mind telling me who's the cook?
Excuse me, Doctor.
Excuse me, I am an apple.
Excuse me, I am looking for a book called "Tom and Mary".
Excuse me, I can't stay long.
Excuse me, I couldn't help laughing.
Excuse me, I didn't catch your name.
Excuse me, I didn't understand you.
Excuse me, I didn't want to interrupt you.
Excuse me, I didn’t catch your name.
Excuse me, I do not understand how to control this device. Could you please teach me?
Excuse me, I don't know your first name and patronymic.
Excuse me, I don't know your patronymic.
Excuse me, I don't understand.
Excuse me, I dropped a chopstick.
Excuse me, I dropped my chopsticks.
Excuse me, I have a question.
Excuse me, I have a request.
Excuse me, I have to ask a question.
Excuse me, I have to ask something.
Excuse me, I have to fart.
Excuse me, I have to get off at the next stop.
Excuse me, I have to get to Barcelona. Are there any flights today?
Excuse me, I have to go to the bathroom.
Excuse me, I have to make some changes on my sentence.
Excuse me, I have work to do.
Excuse me, I mistook you for a friend of mine.
Excuse me, I need to ask a question.
Excuse me, I think you're sitting in my seat.
Excuse me, I think you've dropped something.
Excuse me, I think you’re sitting in my seat.
Excuse me, I want to ask you something.
Excuse me, I want to rent a car.
Excuse me, I would like to purchase a piccolo.
Excuse me, I'd just like to point out three mistakes in the article above.
Excuse me, I'd like a double scoop of mint chocolate chip and orange sherbet in a regular-size cone please.
Excuse me, I'd like to exchange US dollars for RMB - can I get RMB here?
Excuse me, I'd like to talk with you for a moment.
Excuse me, I'd like to try this on.
Excuse me, I'd like two regular size cones - one with chocolate mint, and the other with orange sherbet, please.
Excuse me, I'm Mr. Yamada. I would like to meet with your husband, if I may.
Excuse me, I'm a foreigner and I don't understand Czech all that well.
Excuse me, I'm coming through.
Excuse me, I'm going to have an accident on this train.
Excuse me, I'm here to see Tom.
Excuse me, I'm looking for Tom.
Excuse me, I'm looking for a second-hand moped that costs less than 100,000 yen, do you have any?
Excuse me, I'm looking for her.
Excuse me, I'm looking for him.
Excuse me, I'm lost.
Excuse me, I'm not feeling very well.
Excuse me, I'm off to the restroom.
Excuse me, I'm very busy.
Excuse me, I've got to ask something.
Excuse me, I’d like to exchange US dollars for RMB - can I get RMB here?
Excuse me, I’m a foreigner and I don’t understand Czech all that well.
Excuse me, I’m lost.
Excuse me, Joe, can I use your phone?
Excuse me, Tom, are you busy?
Excuse me, Ziri, you do that all the time.
Excuse me, are there any toilets near here?
Excuse me, are you Tom, by any chance?
Excuse me, are you a local?
Excuse me, are you a student here?
Excuse me, are you a student?
Excuse me, are you getting off?
Excuse me, are you speaking in Berber?
Excuse me, are you well?
Excuse me, aren't you Mr. Weiss?
Excuse me, but I believe that is my seat.
Excuse me, but I believe that's my seat.
Excuse me, but I believe you're mistaken.
Excuse me, but I believe you’re mistaken.
Excuse me, but I can barely hear you.
Excuse me, but I didn't order this.
Excuse me, but I didn’t order this.
Excuse me, but I feel sick.
Excuse me, but I have no change.
Excuse me, but I think that's my seat.
Excuse me, but I think this is my seat.
Excuse me, but I'm looking for the post office.
Excuse me, but I'm lying.
Excuse me, but I'm tied up now.
Excuse me, but I’m looking for the post office.
Excuse me, but I’m tied up now.
Excuse me, but aren't you Dr. White?
Excuse me, but aren’t you Dr. White?
Excuse me, but can you help me?
Excuse me, but could you do me a favor?
Excuse me, but could you get me a glass of water?
Excuse me, but could you lend me a pen?
Excuse me, but could you let me through?
Excuse me, but could you scoot over a little bit, please?
Excuse me, but could you show me the way to the station?
Excuse me, but could you tell me how to get to Central Park?
Excuse me, but could you tell me how to get to the Hilton Hotel?
Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the bus stop?
Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the station?
Excuse me, but could you tell me where the post office is?
Excuse me, but do you mind if I ask your name?
Excuse me, but do you mind if ask your name?
Excuse me, but do you need any help?
Excuse me, but is this the right way to the subway station?
Excuse me, but let me have another look at the photo.
Excuse me, but may I ask you something.
Excuse me, but may I ask you something?
Excuse me, but may I exchange this sweater for another?
Excuse me, but may I open the window?
Excuse me, but may I put my books here?
Excuse me, but may I use the phone?
Excuse me, but may I use your telephone?
Excuse me, but might I use the phone?
Excuse me, but the truth is that ...
Excuse me, but this is my seat.
Excuse me, but we're in a hurry, too.
Excuse me, but we’re in a hurry, too.
Excuse me, but where is the library?
Excuse me, but where is the men's shoe department?
Excuse me, but where is the men’s shoe department?
Excuse me, but who are you?
Excuse me, but will you show me the way to the station?
Excuse me, but will you tell me the way to the Hilton Hotel?
Excuse me, but will you tell me the way to the station?
Excuse me, but will you tell me where to change trains?
Excuse me, but would you mind if I opened the window?
Excuse me, but would you please open the window?
Excuse me, but would you please tell me the way to the post office?
Excuse me, but you're mistaken.
Excuse me, can I come past?
Excuse me, can I come through?
Excuse me, can I get by?
Excuse me, can I get past?
Excuse me, can I have a word with you?
Excuse me, can I join you?
Excuse me, can I pass through?
Excuse me, can I withdraw some money?
Excuse me, can you help me?
Excuse me, can you lower your voice a little bit?
Excuse me, can you make the sushi without wasabi?
Excuse me, can you move away?
Excuse me, can you pass me the salt shaker?
Excuse me, can you repeat?
Excuse me, can you show me the way to the main post office? Is Zamenhof Street still far away?
Excuse me, can you tell me how to get to Central Park?
Excuse me, can you tell me the way to the library?
Excuse me, could I get past?
Excuse me, could someone tell me where the bathroom is?
Excuse me, could we have some more bread?
Excuse me, could you by any chance pass me the pepper?
Excuse me, could you explain the meaning of this sentence to me?
Excuse me, could you let me through?
Excuse me, could you lower your voice a little?
Excuse me, could you pass me the glue?
Excuse me, could you pass me the salt and pepper?
Excuse me, could you pass me the sugar?
Excuse me, could you please close the door?
Excuse me, could you please show me how to validate my card?
Excuse me, could you please show me your driving licence?
Excuse me, could you please take a photo of my friends and me?
Excuse me, could you please tell me how to get to the train station?
Excuse me, could you please tell me when the train departs?
Excuse me, could you please tell me where the restroom is?
Excuse me, could you repeat that?
Excuse me, could you repeat what you've just said?
Excuse me, could you say that again more slowly?
Excuse me, could you say that again?
Excuse me, could you show me how to use the washing machine?
Excuse me, could you spare me a few minutes? I have a favor to ask you.
Excuse me, could you tell me the way to the post office?
Excuse me, could you tell me where I can find this street?
Excuse me, do we know each other?
Excuse me, do you guys mind watching our stuff for like five minutes?
Excuse me, do you happen to know it?
Excuse me, do you have a boyfriend? Because I can't believe a girl as beautiful as you is single.
Excuse me, do you have a pen?
Excuse me, do you have any of these in your store?
Excuse me, do you have the time?
Excuse me, do you have this in a different color?
Excuse me, do you know what is the weather forecast for tomorrow?
Excuse me, do you know what the forecast is for tomorrow?
Excuse me, do you know what time it is?
Excuse me, do you know where bus 280 stops?
Excuse me, do you know where the economics department library is?
Excuse me, do you mind if I sit here?
Excuse me, do you speak English?
Excuse me, do you speak French?
Excuse me, do you speak Hungarian?
Excuse me, do you speak Italian?
Excuse me, do you speak Portuguese?
Excuse me, do you speak Spanish?
Excuse me, do you work here?
Excuse me, does bus #72 stop here?
Excuse me, does bus number seven stop here?
Excuse me, does the 06 stop here?
Excuse me, does this belong to you?
Excuse me, does this bus go to Birmingham?
Excuse me, does this train go to Washington Square?
Excuse me, gentlemen.
Excuse me, have you got a light?
Excuse me, have you seen Tom?
Excuse me, hold on a second.
Excuse me, how can I get to the library?
Excuse me, how can I get to the train station?
Excuse me, how do I get to the railway station?
Excuse me, how far is the nearest train station?
Excuse me, how many more stops are there until Florence?
Excuse me, how much are these?
Excuse me, how much do these cost?
Excuse me, how much does this cost?
Excuse me, how much is it?
Excuse me, how much is this sweater?
Excuse me, how much is this?
Excuse me, is Tom here today?
Excuse me, is Xinqiao Restaurant far from here?
Excuse me, is that movie no longer being shown?
Excuse me, is that your dog? Yes, that's my dog, why?
Excuse me, is there a cash machine near here?
Excuse me, is there a hotel around here?
Excuse me, is there a shuttle service to the hotel?
Excuse me, is there a toilet near here?
Excuse me, is there a toilet nearby?
Excuse me, is there an ATM near here?
Excuse me, is there anybody home?
Excuse me, is this Berber?
Excuse me, is this seat free?
Excuse me, is this seat still free?
Excuse me, is this seat taken?
Excuse me, is this song in Berber?
Excuse me, is this the road to Donggongon?
Excuse me, is this yours?
Excuse me, isn't it a mistake?
Excuse me, ladies!
Excuse me, lady.
Excuse me, let me point out three mistakes in the above article.
Excuse me, ma'am! Do you know how late it is?
Excuse me, mate. You've dropped a fiver.
Excuse me, may I ask?
Excuse me, may I borrow a pen?
Excuse me, may I come in?
Excuse me, may I have a spoon?
Excuse me, may I have another cup of tea?
Excuse me, may I just use your toilet?
Excuse me, may I open a window?
Excuse me, may I open the window?
Excuse me, may I say something?
Excuse me, may I try this on?
Excuse me, may I use your toilet?
Excuse me, may we sit here?
Excuse me, miss! Do you know how late it is?
Excuse me, nudism is not allowed at this part of the beach.
Excuse me, nudism is not allowed on this part of the beach.
Excuse me, officer, where are we now?
Excuse me, please check the oil.
Excuse me, please! Which way is it to the station?
Excuse me, please, may I use your telephone?
Excuse me, please, where are the toilets?
Excuse me, please. I didn't understand that. Can you maybe translate it into one of the following languages?
Excuse me, sir! Do you know how late it is?
Excuse me, sir, but is this an incidence of road rage?
Excuse me, sir, could you tell me where the cinema is located?
Excuse me, sir, have you been drinking tonight?
Excuse me, sir, what time is it now?
Excuse me, sorry mate, you haven't got the time have you?
Excuse me, the change isn't right.
Excuse me, there was a hair in my soup.
Excuse me, this is my seat.
Excuse me, though I'm a stranger, please let me get a word in.
Excuse me, waiter. There's a hair in my soup.
Excuse me, we're looking for the caretaker. Isn't there one here?
Excuse me, what are you doing?
Excuse me, what did you say?
Excuse me, what did you tell me?
Excuse me, what have you just said?
Excuse me, what is the concept of time?
Excuse me, what is the name of this place?
Excuse me, what is the shortest way to go to the station?
Excuse me, what is your name?
Excuse me, what queue is this?
Excuse me, what station is this?
Excuse me, what time is it?
Excuse me, what was the name again?
Excuse me, what's going on?
Excuse me, what's the shortest route to the station?
Excuse me, what's the soup du jour?
Excuse me, what's your name?
Excuse me, what?
Excuse me, when is it?
Excuse me, when was the mailbox last opened?
Excuse me, where am I on this map?
Excuse me, where are my manners?
Excuse me, where are the eggs?
Excuse me, where are the elevators?
Excuse me, where are the lifts?
Excuse me, where can I find a taxi?
Excuse me, where can I find the honey?
Excuse me, where can I find the milk aisle?
Excuse me, where can I find this item?
Excuse me, where is 52 south river street?
Excuse me, where is the American Embassy?
Excuse me, where is the bathroom?
Excuse me, where is the beach?
Excuse me, where is the cafÃ©?
Excuse me, where is the café?
Excuse me, where is the elevator?
Excuse me, where is the exit?
Excuse me, where is the honey?
Excuse me, where is the library?
Excuse me, where is the market?
Excuse me, where is the metro?
Excuse me, where is the nearest restroom?
Excuse me, where is the post office?
Excuse me, where is the subway?
Excuse me, where is the taxi stand?
Excuse me, where is the taxicab stand?
Excuse me, where is the toilet?
Excuse me, where is the train station?
Excuse me, where's the American Embassy?
Excuse me, where's the Bank of China?
Excuse me, where's the Gents?
Excuse me, where's the Ladies?
Excuse me, where's the bathroom?
Excuse me, where's the café?
Excuse me, where's the elevator?
Excuse me, where's the exit?
Excuse me, where's the post office?
Excuse me, where's the subway station?
Excuse me, where's the toilet?
Excuse me, where's the way out?
Excuse me, where’s the American Embassy?
Excuse me, which platform is the train to London?
Excuse me, which station is this?
Excuse me, which subway line is to the city centre?
Excuse me, which way is the post office?
Excuse me, which way is the station?
Excuse me, which way to the station is the shortest?
Excuse me, who are you?
Excuse me, who is this woman?
Excuse me, why do you speak Greek and not English?
Excuse me, without wasabi, please.
Excuse me, would you have the time?
Excuse me, would you mind if I borrowed your magazine?
Excuse me, would you mind if I borrowed your newspaper?
Excuse me, would you mind passing me the sugar?
Excuse me, would you mind repeating that?
Excuse me, would you mind turning the AC down a little?
Excuse me, would you please pass me a hot hand towel?
Excuse me, would you show me how to use the washing machine?
Excuse me, you are sitting in my place.
Excuse me, you haven't given me the right change.
Excuse me, you left your lighter on the table.
Excuse me, you've left your lighter on the table.
Excuse me, your laces are untied.
Excuse me, your shoelace is undone.
Excuse me.
Excuse me. Another beer, please.
Excuse me. Are you Tom?
Excuse me. Are you that person?
Excuse me. Can I get by here?
Excuse me. Can you direct me to the nearest subway station?
Excuse me. Can you show me the way to the next village?
Excuse me. Can you speak English?
Excuse me. Could you show me the way to the next village?
Excuse me. Do I get off the bus here for the castle, or at the next stop?
Excuse me. Do you have to wait?
Excuse me. Do you speak English?
Excuse me. How can I get to the nearest station?
Excuse me. How do you know my name?
Excuse me. How often do shuttle buses run to downtown New York?
Excuse me. I believe that is my seat.
Excuse me. I believe that's my seat.
Excuse me. I have another meeting.
Excuse me. I must use the powder room.
Excuse me. I need to go.
Excuse me. I need to move.
Excuse me. I want a book. Where is the bookstore?
Excuse me. I'd like to point out three errors in the above article.
Excuse me. I'd like to rent a car.
Excuse me. Is anyone home?
Excuse me. Is that the pharmacy?
Excuse me. Is the supermarket open?
Excuse me. Is this seat taken?
Excuse me. Is this the hardware store?
Excuse me. Is this the pharmacy?
Excuse me. I’d like to point out three errors in the above article.
Excuse me. I’d like to rent a car.
Excuse me. May I get by?
Excuse me. May I get through?
Excuse me. May I use your bathroom?
Excuse me. Please let me through.
Excuse me. That fare is not enough.
Excuse me. What time do you close?
Excuse me. What time is it?
Excuse me. What time is the next train to Taejon?
Excuse me. What's your name?
Excuse me. What’s your name?
Excuse me. Where are the eggs?
Excuse me. Where can I buy the internet?
Excuse me. Where is my seat please?
Excuse me. Where is the bakery?
Excuse me. Where's the library?
Excuse me. Where's the metro?
Excuse me. Where's the subway?
Excuse me. Which way is it to the city hall, please?
Excuse me. Which way is the town hall, please?
Excuse me. Who are you?
Excuse me. You dropped this.
Excuse me...
Excuse me; allow me to point out three errors in the above article.
Excuse me?
Excuse me? I said "Good evening" instead of "Good morning"? I must have had a senior moment.
Excuse me?!
Excuse my Berber.
Excuse my English, but I said "fuck" when I learned that Yanni married that bitch named Skura.
Excuse my being late.
Excuse my brother Tom, he's a bit of a potty-mouth.
Excuse my clumsiness.
Excuse my ignorance.
Excuse my language, I get over-excited sometimes.
Excuse my language, I sometimes get carried away.
Excuse my stupidity.
Excuse the mess.
Excuse us a moment, please.
Excuse us for a minute.
Excuse us for a moment, please.
Excuse us for a moment.
Excuse us for a second.
Excuse us for just a minute.
Excuse us for just a moment.
Excuse us for just one second.
Excuse us for the inconvenience.
Excuses are useless.
Excuses will get me far.
Excuses won't work on me.
Execute her.
Execute him!
Execute him.
Execute them.
Execution by lethal injection is inhumane.
Executioners and traitors die, too.
Executioners die, too.
Executive departments and agencies should harness new technologies to put information about their operations and decisions online and readily available to the public.
Executive departments and agencies should offer Americans increased opportunities to participate in policymaking and to provide their Government with the benefits of their collective expertise and information.
Executive departments and agencies should solicit public feedback to assess and improve their level of collaboration and to identify new opportunities for cooperation.
Executive departments and agencies should solicit public input on how we can increase and improve opportunities for public participation in Government.
Executive departments and agencies should use innovative tools, methods, and systems to cooperate among themselves, across all levels of Government, and with nonprofit organizations, businesses, and individuals in the private sector.
Executive pastry chef Susan Morrison told VOA the display took 55 sheets of gingerbread; 55 kilograms of pastillage, a type of sugar-paste icing; another 15 kilograms of royal icing; and 13 kilograms of chocolate. Plus a large quantity of something called "gum paste," which is a sugar dough used for decor.
Executive power is vested in the Prime Minister.
Exemplify.
Exemptions may apply in some cases.
Exercise and proper nutrition go hand in hand.
Exercise can help with relaxation and improve sleep quality.
Exercise can help with weight loss.
Exercise can help your brain health and memory.
Exercise can make you feel happier.
Exercise can promote a better sex life.
Exercise can really help you with your depression.
Exercise can reduce pain.
Exercise can reduce your risk of chronic disease.
Exercise caution in your business affairs, for the world is full of trickery.
Exercise caution in your business affairs; for the world is full of trickery. But let this not blind you to what virtue there is; many persons strive for high ideals; and everywhere life is full of heroism.
Exercise caution, as your choices may result in detrimental effects that cannot be easily undone.
Exercise every day for good health.
Exercise every day.
Exercise for thirty minutes daily and you'll be in great shape. Practice makes perfect, after all.
Exercise has many benefits.
Exercise improves health.
Exercise is a waste of time.
Exercise is by far the easiest way to improve our health.
Exercise is critical to many people's physical and mental well-being.
Exercise is essential for health.
Exercise is essential for maintaining good health.
Exercise is good for you.
Exercise is good for your health.
Exercise is good for your muscles and bones.
Exercise is healthy.
Exercise is king.
Exercise is not in my line.
Exercise is not just about physical fitness, it also helps improve your mood and reduces stress.
Exercise is the best way to get rid of stress.
Exercise is to the body what thinking is to the brain.
Exercise is vital for a dog.
Exercise is your liver's friend.
Exercise isn't as significant as diet when it comes to weight loss, but there are all sorts of other benefits to exercising.
Exercise makes the body healthy.
Exercise makes the heart stronger.
Exercise makes you fitter and improves your condition. This makes you feel better about yourself.
Exercise makes your body strong.
Exercise may help rev up your sex drive.
Exercise may help.
Exercise moderately.
Exercise on weekends.
Exercise outdoors.
Exercise regularly to stay healthy.
Exercise regularly.
Exercise strengthens the heart.
Exercise together.
Exercise trains the muscles.
Exercise your brain by challenging it.
Exercise, if carried to excess, will do you more harm than good.
Exercise.
Exercises for triceps and biceps.
Exercising outdoors can be fun and refreshing, so try to spend time outside.
Exercising outdoors with others has become an avoidance dance.
Exfoliating creams remove dead or damaged skin cells.
Exhale deeply.
Exhale it into my mouth.
Exhale slowly while bending forward.
Exhale slowly.
Exhale through the mouth.
Exhale through your mouth.
Exhale.
Exhaust from factories pollutes the air.
Exhaust gases of a car are noxious.
Exhausted by the constant harassment, Miroslav finally reached his breaking point and reported the troll to the authorities.
Exhausted fire crews in Texas and Oklahoma are battling wildfires that have raged across the southern plains during the past several days, destroying scores of homes and other buildings as well as trees and grass. The fires are being aided by strong winds and dry conditions, with no relief in sight.
Exhausted from a day's work, he went to bed much earlier than usual.
Exhausted from a day’s work, he went to bed much earlier than usual.
Exhausted with fatigue, I crashed like a log on my bed.
Exhausted, he went straight to bed.
Exhausted, she sunk into the cushion.
Exhausted, they landed on the Strophades Islands, where they proposed to recruit their strength by a hearty meal; but no sooner was their table spread, than the meats were devoured and destroyed by the loathsome Harpies.
Exhaustion can make you faint.
Exhaustion hit Mary unexpectedly.
Exhibition of traditional handicrafts and regional products.
Exhibitionism is characterized by achieving sexual arousal through the display of genitalia, usually to an unsuspecting stranger.
Exhilaration filled her as she raced down the street.
Existence determines conscience.
Existence is a meaningless concept.
Existence is precious.
Existence is reflected in consciousness.
Existence is reflected in knowledge.
Existence precedes essence.
Existentialism is a humanism.
Existing legislation does not take diversity of races into account.
Exit the program.
Exit the toxic workplace.
Exit through the rear door.
Exit.
Exoplanets are planets that are outside the solar system.
Exoplanets are planets that orbit other stars than the Sun.
Exoplanets are planets that orbit stars outside our solar system.
Exorcism is practiced in Algeria because we see evil everywhere.
Exoskeletons can help disabled people.
Expand your knowledge.
Expand your territory.
Expansion work is progressing.
Expats by definition are "ambassadors" of their homelands.
Expats say they have felt abandoned by Britain and complain British ministers paid them little attention.
Expect a surprise tonight.
Expect a visit from the authorities.
Expect an immediate denunciation of the movie, especially from those who haven't seen it.
Expect her to be fired, since she is often late for work.
Expect her to get the sack for always being late to work.
Expect her to get the sack, since she is often late for work.
Expect me around 2:30.
Expect me just to keep my mouth shut, do you?!
Expect me right at six.
Expect me when you see me.
Expect more of the same.
Expect no mercy.
Expect the unexpected.
Expect to be pleasantly surprised.
Expect us.
Expectation caused her to be flushed with excitement.
Expectation is the mother of disappointment.
Expectations are low.
Expectations aren't being met.
Expectations of happiness can lead to disappointment.
Expectations were low.
Expecting life to treat you well because you are a good person is like expecting a tiger will not attack you because you are a vegetarian.
Expecting time to find her child, she sat up till late at night.
Expedited delivery will cost an additional ten dollars.
Expedited shipping is faster, but it costs more.
Expedition 59 Flight Engineer David Saint-Jacques of the Canadian Space Agency prepared the free-flying Astrobee robotic assistant for a mobility test inside the Kibo laboratory module.
Expedition 63 Commander Chris Cassidy of NASA continued working on a variety of science hardware throughout the International Space Station today.
Expenditures must be reduced.
Expenses are way down.
Expensive is not always better than inexpensive.
Expensive isn't always better than inexpensive.
Expensive meals can't compensate for lack of sleep.
Expensive meals can’t compensate for lack of sleep.
Expensive meals don't compensate for lack of sleep.
Expensive shoes don't make you run faster.
Expensive skin creams don't work better than inexpensive ones.
Expensive things often prove more economical in the long run.
Experience Life is a journey in which one often faces lot of hardships.
Experience brings wisdom.
Experience can't be handed down — everyone has to come up with their own.
Experience counts in this job.
Experience has shown that money does not bring happiness.
Experience has shown that the most beautiful inventions, when they are in the hands of those with capital, serve humanity's misfortune instead of its liberation.
Experience in volunteering can make you more employable.
Experience is a good teacher.
Experience is a must for this job.
Experience is a revelation in the light of which we renounce our errors of youth for those of age.
Experience is a wonderful teacher.
Experience is acquired with time.
Experience is better than science.
Experience is important.
Experience is invaluable.
Experience is just as important as education.
Experience is just as important as schooling.
Experience is not what happens to a person, but what he makes of it.
Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.
Experience is one thing you can't get for nothing.
Experience is requirement for this profession.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
Experience is the beginning of knowledge.
Experience is the best of schoolmasters, only the school-fees are heavy.
Experience is the best teacher, but the tuition fees aren't cheap.
Experience is the best teacher.
Experience is the father of wisdom.
Experience is the hardest teacher. She gives the test first and the lesson afterwards.
Experience is the mother of science.
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes.
Experience is the name many people give to their mistakes.
Experience is the only prophecy of wise men.
Experience is what we get when we don't get what we want.
Experience is what you get when you don't get what you want.
Experience is when you discover something you don't want to discover.
Experience makes a man wise.
Experience means nothing because you could do your thing badly for 35 years.
Experience pays off.
Experience plays a key role in understanding complex matters.
Experience should teach us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the government's purposes are beneficent. Men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasion of their liberty by evil-minded rulers. The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding.
Experience should teach us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the government’s purposes are beneficent. Men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasion of their liberty by evil-minded rulers. The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding.
Experience shows that to love doesn't mean to look at each other, but rather to look together into the same direction.
Experience talks in these cases.
Experience the sickening knotting of the stomach.
Experience will teach even the fool.
Experience will teach you common sense.
Experience will tell in this case.
Experience wins games.
Experience without learning is better than learning without experience.
Experience, when it is dearly bought, is never discarded.
Experienced doctors and nurses helped them.
Experienced editors do good work.
Experiences, both big and small, shape who we are over time.
Experiencing pleasure is my key focus.
Experiment using different phrases to communicate the same idea.
Experimentation can be good.
Experimenting with mice, infected with the flu virus, the researchers found that rodents fed the popular high protein/low carbohydrate ketogenic or keto diet had a higher survival rate than mice who were fed a diet that was high in carbohydrates.
Experiments are carried out in a laboratory.
Experiments can be attached to the outside of a spacecraft to see how the space environment affects different things.
Experiments have shown that this statement is correct.
Experiments in space-time shortcuts proved dangerous during those brave millennia.
Experiments will enable you to find out what is wrong.
Expertise in computer programming is in high demand in many sectors.
Expertise is required.
Experts addressing the World Economic Forum in New York are divided about the meaning of recent data showing a possible upturn in world economic growth.
Experts advise computer users who are seated to be at eye level with the screen.
Experts agree that the next few decades will present a puzzle, how to feed nine billion people without wrecking the planet in the process.
Experts already know that years of loneliness or feelings of isolation can lead to anxiety, depression and dementia in adults.
Experts also say U.S. millennials are the first generation to feel the full impact of decades of rising inequality in America.
Experts are calling for a permanent ban on the trade and consumption of wild animals.
Experts are investigating the accident.
Experts are reacting to a flurry of cyberattacks against major industrial targets in Ukraine, Germany, Iran and South Korea.
Experts are worried about the loss of sea ice in the Arctic.
Experts aren't convinced.
Experts aren't sure what causes the prions to deform in the first place, or exactly how the disease spreads from sick animals to healthy ones.
Experts began questioning the project's viability.
Experts believe the heat wave, which has triggered extreme heat alerts in areas where millions of people live, is caused by global warming.
Experts believe the pines are an invaluable link to Australia's prehistoric past, and have estimated the grove could be up to 200 million years old.
Experts blame this horrific pollution problem on rapid urbanization.
Experts claim social media is rotting our minds.
Experts don't really know.
Experts estimate that the wind during the next few days will provide us with four times the average amount of energy.
Experts explain adipocytes provide immediate defense against bacteria by producing antimicrobials, giving immune system white cells time to reach a wound site.
Experts have a dire outlook for Morocco's economy.
Experts have been advising people to limit their interactions to one group of people, called a "bubble."
Experts have been warning of a catastrophe.
Experts have concluded that the country's power grid is susceptible to a cyber attack.
Experts have failed to come up with an explanation of why the explosion happened.
Experts have long warned that hundreds of thousands of pieces of space debris circling the planet — including an astronaut's lost mirror — pose a threat to functioning satellites and even the International Space Station (ISS).
Experts have named the oldest known bristlecone pine "Methuselah." It is somewhere in the White Mountains of California. But it is not marked in any special way, so that people do not try to damage it.
Experts have offered three possible explanations.
Experts have said cats have been a “major cause of decline” for many endangered marsupials, including the bilby, bandicoot, bettong and numbat.
Experts have said that rare footage of an endangered marsupial in outback Australia is a sign that native animals are beginning to recover from years of feral cat predation.
Experts have warned of a catastrophe.
Experts may be wrong.
Experts notice things laymen do not.
Experts on oncology have long recommended as a way to not get sick a regular eating of fruit, vegetables, cereals and legumes.
Experts point to the need for boys to adopt the same values and responsibilities instilled in girls to achieve educational parity.
Experts predict that real estate prices may decline and not recover for years.
Experts put a high valuation on the painting.
Experts read this as signalling Washington wants to open a new page in transatlantic relations.
Experts recommend robots should not be gendered to avoid promoting harmful stereotypes.
Experts say TB is a preventable disease.
Experts say a fresh cyclone forming near the island nation of Mauritius could hamper rescue efforts and worsen damage in the region.
Experts say any contact with a fluid containing the Ebola virus could cause infection, especially if it occurs at an orifice or wound that would provide entry into the bloodstream.
Experts say coffee prices are rising mainly because people are willing to pay more.
Experts say coronavirus lockdowns anywhere in the world can trigger stress, irritability, fear and fatigue.
Experts say coronavirus lockdowns anywhere in the world can trigger stress, irritability, fear and fatigue. There can be a disconnection from extended family and friends, causing loneliness. Uncertainty is another corrosive factor.
Experts say developers should put the well-being of children first, with carefully designed parks, playgrounds and safer streets.
Experts say it is impossible to know the impact on native wildlife.
Experts say it was a difficult process.
Experts say it's important to connect with others.
Experts say it's still possible.
Experts say many people in Zanzibar and other parasite-endemic regions are usually infected with more than one type of worm.
Experts say no company has put barcode technology to better use than Wal-Mart, based in Bentonville, Arkansas. By nineteen eighty-eight, all Wal-Mart stores used laser bar code scanners. Highly detailed records on its products, and how they were selling, helped Wal-Mart keep costs down. Today, Wal-Mart is the world’s biggest corporation.
Experts say only about 15 percent of happiness comes from income, assets and other financial factors.
Experts say robots could be doing much more.
Experts say rotational grazing is good for the land and the animals, and it can save money.
Experts say supply chain issues, the pandemic, inflation and online sales will impact holiday shopping.
Experts say that not getting a good night's sleep can impact your ability to learn.
Experts say that pollution causes 9 million premature deaths every year.
Experts say that when huge groups of cicadas are buzzing, the sound can be deafening — as loud as 95 to more than 100 decibels, comparable to a motorcycle at full throttle.
Experts say that's unlikely.
Experts say the absence of early warning systems increases the effects of climate fluctuation on the poor.
Experts say the challenge now will be trying to decide how to distribute a swine flu vaccine. Since the seasonal flu virus vaccine that is in production for the coming flu season is not effective against H1N1, Andrew Pekosz of the Johns Hopkins University says public health officials will need to decide whether to incorporate it into the existing vaccine or make a standalone inoculation.
Experts say the colossus almost certainly depicts King Psamtik I, who ruled Egypt between 664 and 610 B.C.
Experts say the exhibition is the finest selection of modern European masterworks ever seen in China.
Experts say the pandemic is going to get worse before it gets better.
Experts say the struggle is real for U.S. millennials because they are the first generation to feel the full impact of decades of rising inequality in America.
Experts say this can be prevented.
Experts say this could've been prevented.
Experts say this is false.
Experts say this is wrong.
Experts say this isn't always the case.
Experts seem to agree: If you are not a health care worker, do not buy N95 masks.
Experts suggest that the rise in incarceration, and the growth in the number of people with prison records, negatively contribute to the ability of some of these non-working men to get a job.
Experts suspect the surfaces may be covered with some kind of hydrophobic material that repels water molecules.
Experts warn that climate change is speeding up melting on Earth's frozen peaks, threatening the planet's long-term water supply.
Experts warned of a catastrophe.
Experts will now pore over the fine print of the contract.
Expired medicine may lose its potency.
Explain all the things I've said to them.
Explain all this to me.
Explain everything from the start.
Explain exactly what the reasons are.
Explain it in plain language.
Explain it in plain terms, please.
Explain it in plain words.
Explain it in simple words.
Explain it once more, Jerry.
Explain it so that I understand.
Explain it to him all you like—he was always a fool and will be one forever.
Explain it to me again.
Explain it to me in a way that even a 7-year-old could understand.
Explain it to me in further detail.
Explain it to me like I'm 7.
Explain it to me like I'm in kindergarten.
Explain it to me more slowly.
Explain it to me tomorrow.
Explain it to me.
Explain it to us.
Explain something to me.
Explain that one to me.
Explain that to me.
Explain that to us right away.
Explain that, atheists.
Explain the difference between learning and teaching.
Explain the difference to me.
Explain the fact as clearly as possible.
Explain the following.
Explain the meaning of this proverb to me.
Explain the message to me.
Explain the pathophysiology of that disease.
Explain the reference to me.
Explain the rules to me.
Explain the situation to Tom.
Explain them to me.
Explain this matter to us.
Explain to Tom why you disagree with him.
Explain to her how things are going.
Explain to him how things are going.
Explain to him the difficult situation you are in.
Explain to him what to do.
Explain to me how that could happen.
Explain to me in detail how it happened.
Explain to me the meaning of this image.
Explain to me the meaning of this picture.
Explain to me the reason you decided to quit your job.
Explain to me the rules.
Explain to me what art is.
Explain to me what this image means.
Explain to me what this means.
Explain to me what you're doing there.
Explain to me who this girl is.
Explain to me why Tom and Mary aren't here.
Explain to me why Tom isn't here.
Explain to me why she got angry.
Explain to me why you are still here.
Explain to me why you did it.
Explain to me why you did that.
Explain to me why you didn't go with them.
Explain to me why you don't come here anymore?
Explain to me why you don't want to go anymore.
Explain to me why you don't want to live with me anymore.
Explain to me why you want to travel to the United States.
Explain to me why you're still here.
Explain to them what to do.
Explain to us what art is.
Explain what Jackson meant by this.
Explain what that means.
Explain what the following sentences mean in the metaphor of trawling: (a) “trawl nets into the sea” (b) “collect all kinds of fish” and (c) “take the good into vessels”; (D) “Throw away the ones that don’t fit”.
Explain why you didn't go with them.
Explain your decision to me.
Explain your idea more clearly.
Explain yourself better.
Explain yourself clearly so that you won't be misunderstood.
Explain yourself clearly so you won't be misunderstood.
Explain yourself!
Explain yourself.
Explain yourselves.
Explain. I'm listening.
Explaining a joke is like dissecting a frog: Few people are interested, and the frog dies.
Explaining is not always the same as complaining.
Explaining the risks is very important.
Explaining your symptoms to the doctor helps them diagnose your problem more easily.
Explanations exist; they have existed for all time; there is always a well-known solution to every human problem - neat, plausible and wrong.
Explode!
Explode, swine!
Exploitative companies are avoided by the workforce.
Explore all the possibilities.
Explore alternative ideas.
Explore new ideas freely.
Explore new ways of thinking.
Explore the cave, but bring a flashlight with you.
Explore your inner world instead of seeking in the external world.
Explore your interests independently.
Explorer Ferdinand Magellan named the Pacific Ocean in the 16th Century.
Explorers have just discovered an unspoiled rainforest in Southeast Asia.
Explorers looked for shortcuts in space-time to meander serendipitously through the universe.
Explorers may one day travel beyond our solar system to other stars.
Exploring Mars is fascinating.
Exploring and populating the newly discovered continent happened over the course of a couple of centuries.
Exploring brings more questions.
Exploring different views is healthy for the mind.
Exploring distant planets may unlock secrets about the origins of our own planet.
Exploring dreams can enhance awareness.
Exploring hidden treasures behind waterfalls is one of my favorite parts of WHAT THE CAR?.
Exploring kink allows individuals to embrace their unique desires and fantasies.
Exploring new activities can rejuvenate your spirit.
Exploring new countries broadens Mary’s perspective on life.
Exploring new places teaches us more.
Exploring other perspectives is encouraged.
Exploring space helps us learn more about Earth and its place in the cosmos.
Exploring space requires precision.
Exploring the abandoned mansion was a stupid decision.
Exploring the sea is really interesting.
Exploring the sea is very interesting.
Exploring the universe takes courage.
Exploring the unknown fascinates her.
Exploring the unknown is risky.
Explosives went off with a bang.
Export of the product will start soon.
Exporters are in dire straights.
Exporters in Bangkok say Africa consumes nine million tons of rice annually and two-thirds of it is imported.
Exporting is a commercial activity which transcends borders.
Exporting water from an arid country to the rainy Europe is pure folly.
Exports and investment have been key drivers of Slovakia's robust growth in recent years.
Exports from Turkey to Algeria include clothes.
Exports have been slowing down.
Exports have been sluggish.
Exports in January totalled $10 billion, a record for the month.
Exports in January were up 20% over the same period of last year.
Exports now account for more than 40% of GDP.
Exports of raw materials plunged, and employment, prices and profits fell in every sector.
Expose them.
Exposing a co-worker's mistakes in front of everyone is definitely not the best approach.
Exposing a co-worker's mistakes in front of everyone is not the best approach.
Exposing bad ideas doesn't kill them because people aren't perfectly rational, and propaganda is designed to bypass reason.
Exposing skin excessively to the sun causes sunburn, sometimes blisters.
Exposure to forests boosts our immune system.
Exposure to nature can decrease our blood pressure.
Exposure to nature has a calming effect.
Exposure to pet dander, roach droppings and other household bacteria in the first year of life appears to reduce the chances a person will suffer from allergies or asthma, according to a new study.
Exposure to pornography at a young age can lead to distorted views of relationships and unhealthy sexual expectations.
Exposure to radiation causes susceptibility to mutations.
Exposure to these chemicals can increase your risk of developing cancer.
Express your confidence.
Express your emotions.
Express your feelings.
Express your idea clearly.
Express your idea concretely.
Express your ideas clearly.
Express your ideas.
Express your opinions respectfully.
Express your preferences freely.
Express your thoughts clearly.
Express yourself as clearly as possible.
Express yourself as clearly as you can.
Express yourself as you please!
Express yourself clearly!
Express yourself however feels best for you.
Express yourself however you can.
Express yourself however you need to.
Express yourself in French.
Express yourselves as clearly as you can.
Expressing gratitude for the hospitality and congratulations, Mariam Kvrivishvili said she felt honored to meet with the head of state.
Expressing what you think differently is healthy.
Expressing your feelings is not a sign of weakness.
Expressing yourself seems easy enough, but it's surprisingly tricky.
Expressions and smiles change like that just from applying rouge and lipstick.
Exquisite nature, daydreams, and music say one thing, real life another.
Extend condolences to him on his father's death.
Extend condolences to him on his father’s death.
Extend your legs only to the extent of the space that is yours.
Extend your legs only to the extent of your space.
Extended-duration missions on the International Space Station are steppingstones to future missions to the Moon and Mars.
Extension 45, please.
Extensive rainfall is expected throughout the region.
Extensive reading is as important as intensive reading.
Extenuating circumstances led the judge to pass a more lenient sentence.
External air conditioners are quite cheap.
External application only.
External heat and cold had little influence on Scrooge. No warmth could warm, no wintry weather chill him.
External heat and cold had little influence on Scrooge. No warmth could warm, nor wintry weather chill him.
External politics is something not easy to study.
External pressure grows ever more intense.
External time has value in historical text.
Externally, Toki Pona is a language of the West. At its core, however, Toki Pona is a language of oriental character.
Extinct volcanoes will likely never erupt again.
Extinction is a part of evolution.
Extinction is part of evolution.
Extortion is usual among criminals.
Extra food and medical supplies will be taken to the towns in lockdown in northern Italy.
Extra special treatment is imperative to get the vessel through government red tape, so that she can leave port on time.
Extra! Extra! Read all about it!
Extra-marital affairs can be a motivation for murder.
Extracorporal shock wave therapy is used for plantar fasciitis, but limited evidence supports its use.
Extract an essence from the bark of a tree.
Extracting colors from snails is an ancient dyeing method that the Mixtec people have been practicing for around 1,500 years.
Extracts from the sample we took earlier have revealed a great marvel.
Extradimensional aliens are all around us.
Extragalactic stars can only be observed with optic instruments.
Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.
Extraordinary things never happen in simple and ordinary ways.
Extraterrestrials came out of the ship.
Extraterrestrials could be seen as gods if their powers dazzle us, but they’d differ from an immanent or transcendent God by being finite, physical beings within the universe, not its root. A hierarchy of beings—us, them, and beyond—fits both religious and speculative frameworks, potentially stretching from the mundane to the near-divine. Whether there’s an ultimate God atop it all, or just an endless progression of "higher" entities, depends on your worldview. What do you think—does the idea of a cosmic pecking order resonate with you, or do you lean toward a singular divine capstone?
Extraterrestrials would probably prefer the company of autists rather than illogical and emotional non-autists.
Extreme cold covered Europe.
Extreme evil needs an extreme remedy.
Extreme is my decay.
Extreme joy begets sorrow.
Extreme weather events are affecting energy production and delivery facilities, causing supply disruptions of varying lengths and magnitudes and affecting other infrastructure that depends on energy supply.
Extreme weather events are on the rise.
Extreme weather events currently disrupt transportation networks in all areas of the country; projections indicate that such disruptions will increase.
Extreme weather phenomena are becoming ever more frequent.
Extremely good.
Extremely important!
Extremely loud music interrupted their conversation.
Extremely precise images can be examined from all sides, and zooming in does not lower the resolution — in fact, it reveals more and more detail.
Extremely small bugs, called mites, can get under our skin. And when they do, they cause itching and great discomfort.
Extremes meet.
Extremism isn't representative of Islam or its followers.
Extremists have taken power.
Extremists kidnapped the president's wife.
Extremists kidnapped the president’s wife.
Extremists need to be marginalized.
Extremists took over.
Extroverts and introverts communicate differently.
Extroverts have this strong need to always be around other people.
Extroverts like to be the center of attention.
Eyal Haddad was a Tunisian Jew who sought refuge in France, only to be murdered there.
Eyal Haddad was unquestionably murdered for antisemitic reasons.
Eye witnesses saw Tom walking south on Park Street just after the bombing.
Eyeglasses could vastly improve the eyesight of more than 800 million people who currently live with blurred vision.
Eyes are scared, but hands are working.
Eyes are simple lenses. The heart is the one who sees.
Eyes are the windows of the heart.
Eyes front, please.
Eyes front.
Eyes get tired from staring at a screen for so long.
Eyes in eyes, we let ourselves be fascinated.
Eyes sometimes talk louder than words.
Eyes were made for seeing.
Eyewitnesses saw protesters storm a nearby hotel, pilfering alcohol from its bar and setting the building on fire.
Eyewitnesses saw the plane break up in flight.
Eyjulf owns this sack.
Ezeamama says it's vital that health officials in poor countries systematically address both the parasitic infections and the conditions that lead to children being infected with different kinds of parasites at once.
Ezra, will y'all come over tonight?
Ezra, will y’all come over tonight?
F = ma is Newton's second law of motion.
F in hexadecimal is equal to 15.
F. takes sides with the criminal.
FANBOYS is an acronym for the most common coordinating conjunctions in the English language.
FAO officials recently sent a film crew to Mbankana, where there’s a training school for draught animals, and then moved them to eastern DRC’s North Kivu province, where the organization is promoting the use of bullock carts along many largely unpassable roads.
FAQ stands for "frequently asked questions."
FBI agents reached the lab.
FBI agents staked out Tom's house for 2 weeks.
FBI stands for Federal Bureau of Investigation.
FC Dynamo Kyiv are presenting their new kit.
FC Schalke 04 are top of the league at the halfway point of the season.
FC Schalke 04 are top of the league at the winter break.
FDIs avoid Algeria because of bureaucracy.
FDIs can stimulate Algeria's economy.
FDIs have declined in Algeria.
FEN does not carry domestic news.
FIFA is composed of 209 member associations.
FM broadcasting is a method of radio broadcasting using frequency modulation (FM).
FM, or frequency modulation, radio stations have been in operation since the 1950s.
FORTRAN is a programming language.
FSI officer: "Sir, there is a website where ANYONE can add a sentence in a foreign language!". FSI president: "What?! Bomb them!".
FTIR screening tests should be performed on this batch.
FWD vehicles have the tendency to understeer.
Fabergé eggs are very valuable.
Fabi Reyna also continues to perform in concerts around the world.
Fabian is an expert in deciphering Egyptian hieroglyphics.
Fabian, are you going with us to the pool on Saturday afternoon?
Fabien has a lot of good ideas.
Fabienne Lanz’s racing career started at this racetrack more than two decades ago when she was offered a chance to drive a kart.
Fabio always cracks some super funny jokes.
Fabio is trying to get into a language exchange program.
Fabio lived for two years in Shanghai.
Fabio's car is parked in front of Elena's house.
Fabio's car is parked opposite Elena's house.
Fabre wrote books about insects.
Face adversity with courage.
Face facts!
Face forward.
Face it, Tom, Mary was right.
Face it, Tom, it's over.
Face it, we're dead meat!
Face it, you're toast!
Face it. You're not young anymore.
Face life with a smile!
Face masks are mandatory on public transport.
Face masks have also acted as accessories for youth. Some are sold in a variety of colors and designs, which can be a fashionable complement to an outfit.
Face reality.
Face the camera, please.
Face the consequence of your actions.
Face the consequences!
Face the facts, you were lied to.
Face the music.
Face your fears.
Face your past!
Face your responsibilities head-on.
Facebook Founder Mark Zuckerberg and his fellow tech entrepreneurs have redefined the image of the CEO and the look of the American workplace, creating productive and family-friendly environments for their employees. Check the surveys of “50 best places work in America.” Facebook and similar companies dominate.
Facebook always finds a way to annoy promoters.
Facebook and text messages have emerged as key evidence in the trial of a man for raping a student.
Facebook banned my post since it was true.
Facebook closed her page.
Facebook closed his page.
Facebook collects private information.
Facebook controls your screen life. Meta will control your whole life.
Facebook eats up a lot of my time.
Facebook facilitated a genocide.
Facebook has a bad record about using people's data.
Facebook has a lot of data about you.
Facebook has now been invested with such significance in our society that a growing number of employers — and even some psychologists — are of the opinion that people who don't have a profile on this social network are "suspicious".
Facebook helps us get through difficult times, such as when we are unemployed.
Facebook implemented a new feature.
Facebook is actively manipulating your mind.
Facebook is blocked in China.
Facebook is boring.
Facebook is dead.
Facebook is down now.
Facebook is infamous for helping to usher in the era of "fake news".
Facebook is more and more censored. It's not democracy at all.
Facebook is so 2005.
Facebook is the show-window of Mary's and Tom's life.
Facebook is the world's largest social network.
Facebook is very popular in Algeria.
Facebook knows your innermost secrets whether you like it or not.
Facebook makes money by collecting personal information on people and then selling that information to advertisers.
Facebook makes money by selling targeted advertising.
Facebook often finds reality offensive and deletes posts.
Facebook restricts free speech.
Facebook runs his life!
Facebook seems to be going to be Ten Commandments. There won't be morals any longer.
Facebook sucks.
Facebook supports the Berber language with Tifinagh letters.
Facebook supports the Berber language.
Facebook suspended one of my six accounts.
Facebook wastes a lot of my time.
Facebook will buy WhatsApp for 19 billion dollars.
Facebook's popularity among teenagers is declining rapidly.
Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and Blogger are threatening our life.
Faced with a massive deficit and under pressure from the international community, the government has revved up taxes and put the brakes on spending.
Faced with a massive online attack, Tatoeba adopted a policy of martial law.
Faced with deciding to respond scientifically or emotionally, I'd prefer the latter.
Faced with several threats, honey bee populations in the U.S. are declining.
Faced with such a hopeless situation, he decided to move to another city.
Faces started appearing in the dark.
Facial massage helps me relax.
Facing death is a gentle reminder that we are all mortal human beings.
Facing seven charges, including organizing and participating in unauthorized assemblies and inciting others to take part in unauthorized assembly, the 72-year-old media tycoon looked fatigued as he sat down in his office, though his usual feisty spirit picked up as he started talking.
Facing tax evasion charges in Algeria, he fled to the UK.
Facing us, we see City Hall.
Fact checking should itself be read critically.
Fact checks should straight-up say "not true" in the headline, rather than teasing it and spreading misinformation.
Fact is stranger than fiction.
Fact-checking organisations are not implicitly trustworthy.
Fact: the situation of minorities in Ukraine wasn't too rosy and still isn't it. Well, if someone lives more than one thousand miles away knows nothing about it.
Factional in-fighting threw a monkey wrench into the deliberations.
Factories can boost female employment in India.
Factories have been urged to switch from coal to a cleaner fuel.
Factories were producing more than ever before.
Factors contributing to increased depression and suicide rates for Gen Z include social media use, issues that play negatively in the news such as climate change, immigration and mass shootings, and a greater willingness of families and officials to acknowledge suicide as a cause of death.
Factory farming isn't natural.
Factory jobs are drying up in the local economy.
Factory production — the largest component of the statistic — jumped by 0.7 percent.
Factory waste has polluted the sea.
Factory waste sometimes pollutes our rivers.
Facts and figures speak for themselves.
Facts are facts.
Facts are like kryptonite to conservatives.
Facts are stubborn things, but statistics are pliable.
Facts are stubborn things; and whatever may be our wishes, our inclinations, or the dictates of our passion, they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence.
Facts are to science what words are to the poets.
Facts are to the scientist what words are to the poet.
Facts aren't a matter of opinion.
Facts aren't opinions.
Facts confirm this hypothesis.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Facts do not constitute the truth.
Facts don't care about your feelings.
Facts don't care about your opinion.
Facts don't have feelings.
Factually you are an expert.
Fade into grey.
Fade to black.
Faded jeans are still in fashion.
Fadil Sadiq will be in charge of the laboratory.
Fadil abandoned Layla after he had taken her virginity.
Fadil accepted Islam as part of his life.
Fadil accepted a reduced sentence of 25 years and is now eligible for parole.
Fadil acted like he was possessed by an inner devil.
Fadil actually thought he could get away with that.
Fadil admitted the murders after getting away with it for decades.
Fadil admitted to giving Dania a gun.
Fadil adored his new BMX.
Fadil agreed to let police in.
Fadil agreed to let the detectives briefly search his house.
Fadil agreed to meet with Layla that afternoon.
Fadil allowed Rami to live there.
Fadil also played the role of being a father to Layla's kids.
Fadil also took care of his grandmother.
Fadil always used his heartless scare tactics to control Dania.
Fadil always wanted to be around Layla.
Fadil and Dania developed a romantic relationship.
Fadil and Dania exchanged their numbers that same night.
Fadil and Dania made love like never before.
Fadil and Dania spent the next days lounging around the house.
Fadil and Dania started a relationship.
Fadil and Dania talked about the weather.
Fadil and Dania were arguing loudly.
Fadil and Dania were ready to do anything to fortify their relationship.
Fadil and Layla are living right next door to Rami's hotel.
Fadil and Layla became dependent on one another.
Fadil and Layla became friends, then they became lovers.
Fadil and Layla began talking marriage.
Fadil and Layla began to drift apart.
Fadil and Layla both had three kids.
Fadil and Layla chose to spend their time together as boyfriend and girlfriend.
Fadil and Layla committed those acts together.
Fadil and Layla conspired to murder Rami.
Fadil and Layla dated each other for about a year.
Fadil and Layla displayed different behavior.
Fadil and Layla even had plans to move in together.
Fadil and Layla exchanged more than a thousand love letters.
Fadil and Layla exchanged their numbers.
Fadil and Layla fell madly in love.
Fadil and Layla got married.
Fadil and Layla had a bit of a troubled relationship.
Fadil and Layla had a daughter together in 2004.
Fadil and Layla had a destructive relationship that ended up in their death.
Fadil and Layla had a fight in which she ended up calling 911.
Fadil and Layla had a fresh start.
Fadil and Layla had a huge argument.
Fadil and Layla had a tumultuous love story.
Fadil and Layla had a very intense relationship.
Fadil and Layla had an illicit affair.
Fadil and Layla had been dating for a while.
Fadil and Layla had been dating on and off for a year.
Fadil and Layla had sex in the bathroom.
Fadil and Layla have had no contact with each other since their arrest.
Fadil and Layla hitched a ride to the motel.
Fadil and Layla lived in a very beautiful house in Cairo.
Fadil and Layla made a fresh start in Cairo.
Fadil and Layla married after just four months.
Fadil and Layla moved in together.
Fadil and Layla moved out of town.
Fadil and Layla moved to Cairo.
Fadil and Layla moved to Long Island, New York.
Fadil and Layla played house until they no longer had money.
Fadil and Layla quickly left the scene to avoid any sort of altercation.
Fadil and Layla quickly realized that there were significant differences in their personalities.
Fadil and Layla ran a busy household.
Fadil and Layla reunited.
Fadil and Layla seemed cursed.
Fadil and Layla seemed genuinely in love.
Fadil and Layla seemed happy in love.
Fadil and Layla sent each other text messages.
Fadil and Layla set up a robbery.
Fadil and Layla shared the same profession.
Fadil and Layla spent a romantic weekend in Cairo.
Fadil and Layla spent the money together.
Fadil and Layla started out as friends but they ended up much more than that.
Fadil and Layla started out as friends.
Fadil and Layla stayed together in Cairo for a couple of days.
Fadil and Layla talked about how to handle the situation.
Fadil and Layla texted back and forth.
Fadil and Layla took life by the horns.
Fadil and Layla turned on one another.
Fadil and Layla wanted a child of their own.
Fadil and Layla wanted to extinguish the smoldering fire in their relationship.
Fadil and Layla wasted little time to try.
Fadil and Layla watched movies that night.
Fadil and Layla went their separate ways.
Fadil and Layla went to Cairo and got married there.
Fadil and Layla were arrested for dealing cocaine.
Fadil and Layla were blessed with a second child.
Fadil and Layla were both in shock.
Fadil and Layla were both single parents.
Fadil and Layla were both very devoted parents.
Fadil and Layla were celebrating a fresh start.
Fadil and Layla were intimate for about an hour.
Fadil and Layla were living under the same roof.
Fadil and Layla were not able to support their children.
Fadil and Layla were pillars of their church.
Fadil and Layla were sentenced to death.
Fadil and Layla were sleeping together.
Fadil and Layla were supposed to meet at the hotel, but he never showed up.
Fadil and Layla were tried separately for the murder of Rami Hasan.
Fadil and Layla would get together as much as they could.
Fadil and Layla's attraction to each other was enormously intense.
Fadil and Layla's decision to split was supported by both their families.
Fadil and Layla's disputes were forgotten.
Fadil and Layla's happiness was cut short.
Fadil and Layla's married life was a battleground.
Fadil and Layla's parents drifted apart.
Fadil and Layla's problems reached the point of no-return.
Fadil and Layla's relationship seemed like a storybook romance.
Fadil and Layla's relationship was getting intimate.
Fadil and Layla's relationship was gone.
Fadil announced to Layla that he wanted a divorce.
Fadil appeared completely normal.
Fadil appeared to be a typical high school senior.
Fadil appeared to be in some type of tired lethargic state.
Fadil approached Dania and greeted her.
Fadil approached Layla and told her what she had been dying to hear.
Fadil approached, pulled his gun out and fired once into Rami's heart.
Fadil arrived around 10 pm.
Fadil arrived at 9 pm.
Fadil arrived at Layla's home on the promise of a sexual adventure.
Fadil arrived at his house at 9 pm.
Fadil asked Dania to come with him.
Fadil asked Dania to commit a crime.
Fadil asked Dania to live with him in the house he shared with his grandmother.
Fadil asked Dania to rob for him.
Fadil asked Dania to stop.
Fadil asked God for help.
Fadil asked for money to get out of town.
Fadil asked for the money back.
Fadil assaulted Layla.
Fadil ate halal food.
Fadil attended a party at a neighbor's house.
Fadil barely recognized Dania.
Fadil basked in the glow of success.
Fadil beat Dania again.
Fadil became a Muslim in January 1998.
Fadil became a complete doormat and let people walk over him.
Fadil became a dangerous man.
Fadil became a father.
Fadil became a serial killer with absolutely no remorse.
Fadil became a very abusive person.
Fadil became addicted to that horrific behavior.
Fadil became an agnostic.
Fadil became critical.
Fadil became enraged with Layla.
Fadil became gruesome and violent.
Fadil became interested in Islam.
Fadil became like a complete doormat.
Fadil became more interested in Islam.
Fadil became so caught up with fantasy that he lost touch with reality.
Fadil became so erratic that his wife decided to leave him.
Fadil became terrified of what Layla could do next.
Fadil became the fifth man to divorce Layla.
Fadil became very confident and strong.
Fadil became very difficult and argumentative.
Fadil became very irate.
Fadil befriended Dania under the guise of wanting to be closer to God.
Fadil began casing houses to rob them.
Fadil began to disappear for long periods of time.
Fadil began to dismember Layla's body.
Fadil believed every word Layla said.
Fadil believed he had done the right thing.
Fadil believed he was receiving divine messages.
Fadil believed in what the Bible said.
Fadil believed the power of prayer would solve his problems.
Fadil believes for the first time he's really in love.
Fadil believes in the God of Islam.
Fadil betrayed his love.
Fadil betrayed one love for another.
Fadil bets big on the tables.
Fadil bid goodnight to his co-workers.
Fadil bought Layla a nice car.
Fadil bought a gun to kill Layla.
Fadil bought a house in Cairo.
Fadil bought a new house in the country.
Fadil bought a pizza and headed home.
Fadil bought acid to destroy Layla's body.
Fadil bragged about the killings to his fellow inmates.
Fadil broke down and confessed to everything.
Fadil brought Layla home.
Fadil brought enough acid to dissolve Layla's body.
Fadil brought some clothes for Dania.
Fadil called Layla and asked her to come over his house.
Fadil called Layla at around 9 pm.
Fadil called Layla on Friday evening.
Fadil called Layla's cell.
Fadil called Layla's friends, hoping she was with them.
Fadil called for help.
Fadil called his brother and they planned a robbery.
Fadil called out to Layla but she was nowhere to be found.
Fadil called the police and reported his child missing.
Fadil called the police for help.
Fadil came back later.
Fadil came back to finish the attack on Dania.
Fadil came forward with some shocking information.
Fadil came from Egypt and he worked hard.
Fadil came from a very large family.
Fadil came into an inheritance from his parents.
Fadil came out of a severe depression thanks to Layla.
Fadil came to Layla and told her about the confrontation with his mother.
Fadil came to take his paycheck.
Fadil came to visit Dania.
Fadil came with baggage.
Fadil can be either your closest friend or your worst enemy.
Fadil can be extremely violent.
Fadil can die in peace now.
Fadil can either be your best ally or your worst enemy.
Fadil can get away with anything.
Fadil can never hurt another person.
Fadil can practise his religion openly now.
Fadil can't imagine what I've been through.
Fadil can't lie very well.
Fadil can't make a mistake.
Fadil can't solve his problems alone.
Fadil can't tolerate broken promises.
Fadil carried a 9mm pistol.
Fadil carried on the affair.
Fadil caught Layla with another man.
Fadil caused bruises to Layla.
Fadil changed his bank account details.
Fadil changed his mind when he learned that he could face the death penalty.
Fadil checked Dania's pulse to see whether she was alive or not.
Fadil checked Layla's usual hangouts.
Fadil checked into a motel.
Fadil chopped down the tree.
Fadil chose to reveal the truth.
Fadil claimed Layla had been kidnapped.
Fadil claimed he didn't remember anything.
Fadil claimed he had the power to forgive sins.
Fadil comes from Egypt.
Fadil committed a heinous crime in the name of love.
Fadil committed senseless acts in the name of love.
Fadil committed suicide after finding Layla in bed with another man.
Fadil completely worshipped the ground that Layla walked on.
Fadil confessed to setting up the robbery.
Fadil confessed to the murder to his mother.
Fadil contacted the authorities.
Fadil continued his Arabic classes in Cairo.
Fadil continued his hunt for cash.
Fadil continued to date casually, not really looking for a serious commitment.
Fadil continued to do that throughout his adult life.
Fadil continued to unleash his rage on Layla.
Fadil continues to believe that God was calling him home.
Fadil controlled and manipulated Layla.
Fadil controlled the drug trade in the area.
Fadil converted to Islam in 1977.
Fadil convinced Dania to move to Cairo with him.
Fadil convinced Layla to divorce her husband to marry him.
Fadil convinced Layla to get him a gun.
Fadil convinced Layla to take out a life insurance policy on himself naming him as the beneficiary.
Fadil cooked and ate Layla's flesh.
Fadil cooperated with the police.
Fadil could be very friendly.
Fadil could have called the police.
Fadil could have gotten away at any time he wanted to, but he didn't.
Fadil couldn't be saved.
Fadil couldn't live like that anymore.
Fadil couldn't marry a woman who wasn't Muslim.
Fadil couldn't reach Layla.
Fadil couldn't speak any Arabic, so he spoke in Turkish.
Fadil couldn't stop thinking about Layla.
Fadil couldn't take his eyes off the teenage femme fatale.
Fadil covered for his wife's secret life of crime.
Fadil craved love.
Fadil craved notoriety.
Fadil crept up to Layla's house.
Fadil dated a Muslim girl from Egypt.
Fadil decided he had to act.
Fadil decided he was going to be open about his conversion to Islam.
Fadil decided that he wanted to learn Arabic.
Fadil decided that he wanted to raise his family in a different environment than Cairo, so they moved to Alexandria.
Fadil decided to do whatever he had to do to get rid of Dania.
Fadil decided to follow the commands of his superiors.
Fadil decided to invest his wife's life insurance in starting a business.
Fadil decided to take an Arabic class.
Fadil decided to take care of Layla for good.
Fadil decided to take care of his mother.
Fadil decided to teach Layla a lesson.
Fadil dedicated himself to street kids.
Fadil demanded that Dania give him the money.
Fadil developed a sense of inner peace about the murder.
Fadil did a good amount of planning for this murder.
Fadil did an awesome job.
Fadil did everything he could to support his wife.
Fadil did extraordinarily good in Arabic.
Fadil did his best to catch up.
Fadil did like money.
Fadil did nothing.
Fadil did one of the autopsies.
Fadil did the right thing.
Fadil did very well financially.
Fadil did videos to tell people why he converted to Islam.
Fadil did what he was instructed.
Fadil didn't believe his eyes.
Fadil didn't care about what his lovers were risking.
Fadil didn't divorce Layla.
Fadil didn't do anything bad.
Fadil didn't do anything wrong.
Fadil didn't feel like he belonged anywhere.
Fadil didn't fit the mold.
Fadil didn't get far.
Fadil didn't get very far.
Fadil didn't have a big belly.
Fadil didn't have any reason not to trust Layla.
Fadil didn't have anything to do with Layla's disappearance.
Fadil didn't have family there.
Fadil didn't have much knowledge about Islam back then.
Fadil didn't have the permission to do that.
Fadil didn't know anything about Islam.
Fadil didn't know how really sick Layla was.
Fadil didn't know what Layla was talking about.
Fadil didn't know whether Layla was alive or dead.
Fadil didn't let his children socialize with anybody.
Fadil didn't linger in the area.
Fadil didn't live for long.
Fadil didn't mean to shoot someone.
Fadil didn't mind that his girl would be with other men.
Fadil didn't question anything.
Fadil didn't received as many blows as Layla.
Fadil didn't report hearing gunfire.
Fadil didn't see Dania.
Fadil didn't trust the medication.
Fadil didn't want Layla to have a baby.
Fadil didn't want a confrontation.
Fadil didn't want to be an accomplice to the murder.
Fadil didn't want to be the loser in the divorce.
Fadil didn't want to get involved.
Fadil didn't want to have a face-to-face confrontation with Rami.
Fadil didn't want to see Layla anymore.
Fadil didn't want to spend time in jail.
Fadil didn't want to take his medication.
Fadil didn't want to take the medication.
Fadil died a very violent death.
Fadil died in his crib.
Fadil died in prison, aged 76, of natural causes.
Fadil died in the robbery.
Fadil died just weeks after his brother.
Fadil died later that day.
Fadil died of skull fractures.
Fadil discovered the car with Layla's dead body inside.
Fadil disobeyed and disrespected his father.
Fadil disposed of the evidence.
Fadil distanced himself from Layla.
Fadil doesn't hesitate to kill for money.
Fadil doesn't know how Dania came to be there.
Fadil doesn't know where to stop.
Fadil doesn't live alone. He has a family.
Fadil doesn't love me.
Fadil doesn't speak Arabic as fluently as Layla does.
Fadil doesn't speak Arabic fluently.
Fadil dragged the garbage can out of the house.
Fadil drank too much.
Fadil dropped out of school.
Fadil drove Layla over to her friend's house.
Fadil drove the car to an abandoned house and stashed it.
Fadil drove to Dania's home.
Fadil drove to a garage where he planned to empty the safe.
Fadil drove to his own home.
Fadil drove to the middle of nowhere.
Fadil drugged Layla.
Fadil dumped Dania's lifeless body in a lake.
Fadil dumped Layla's body in the desert.
Fadil earns a six-figure salary.
Fadil embraced Islam at 23.
Fadil emerged as the prime suspect.
Fadil encouraged Dania to go to college.
Fadil endangered Layla's life.
Fadil ended the relationship.
Fadil ended up in the firing line.
Fadil enjoyed school.
Fadil enjoyed the emotional suffering of others.
Fadil enrolled in a community college in Philadelphia.
Fadil eventually converted to Islam.
Fadil eventually told the whole story.
Fadil executed one of the hostages.
Fadil exited his vehicle and went inside the abandoned house.
Fadil expected his cash back.
Fadil expected to be kicked out of the house.
Fadil exposed his dark secret.
Fadil expressed no remorse about any of the horrific acts he had committed.
Fadil expressed sorrow.
Fadil faced a jury for his crimes.
Fadil faced his third murder trial.
Fadil failed to register Layla in the public school system.
Fadil feared for Layla's future.
Fadil feared that the situation had grown out of control.
Fadil fell deeply in love with a Muslim woman from Egypt.
Fadil fell down like a baby.
Fadil fell for an Egyptian woman.
Fadil fell for his housekeeper Layla.
Fadil fell for the wrong woman.
Fadil fell hard for a duplicitous married woman.
Fadil fell in love with Arabic right away.
Fadil fell in love with classmate Layla.
Fadil fell to the ground.
Fadil felt a void in his life.
Fadil felt confident, strong, and handsome.
Fadil felt he had to be a Muslim.
Fadil felt he needed to be a Muslim.
Fadil felt he was a good person.
Fadil felt like he was betrayed.
Fadil felt more confident because he got away with the robbery.
Fadil felt neglected and abandoned.
Fadil felt some guilt and anger.
Fadil felt that he deserved to serve that sentence.
Fadil felt that his bond with Layla was getting stronger.
Fadil figured out that his wife was cheating on him.
Fadil filed for full custody.
Fadil finally decided enough was enough.
Fadil finally got his day in court.
Fadil financed Layla's escape.
Fadil finds Dania beautiful.
Fadil fired a couple of rounds.
Fadil fired and missed.
Fadil fired many shots at Layla. The gun was empty but Layla was still alive.
Fadil fired one shot and executed Layla.
Fadil fled the scene.
Fadil flirted with Layla on the phone.
Fadil followed his ex to her home.
Fadil followed his friend's advice.
Fadil followed through with what he said he was going to do.
Fadil forced Dania to perform unspeakable acts on him.
Fadil forced Layla to help dispose of Rami's body.
Fadil forced Layla to make a deadly decision.
Fadil forced Layla to make the most difficult decision she had ever made in the name of love.
Fadil found Arabic very complicated to learn.
Fadil found Layla in bed with someone else.
Fadil found a dead body in the car.
Fadil found a toy car in his backyard.
Fadil found another excuse to delay the wedding.
Fadil found another way to make money.
Fadil found garbage bags in the basement.
Fadil found it very easy to learn the Arabic alphabet.
Fadil found learning Arabic too hard and he eventually gave up.
Fadil found no trace of Layla.
Fadil found nothing.
Fadil found out about Layla's secret dating life.
Fadil found that in Islam, religion and advanced science can go hand in hand.
Fadil found the Arabic alphabet complicated.
Fadil found the door wide open.
Fadil found the house without difficulty.
Fadil found what he was looking for.
Fadil frequently beat Layla.
Fadil gained the trust of people.
Fadil gave Layla a ride to the dealer's place.
Fadil gave Layla a sleeping potion.
Fadil gave Layla an ultimatum.
Fadil gave Layla that black eye.
Fadil gave a full confession of what happened.
Fadil gave the police the name of a suspect.
Fadil gave up the location of Dania's body.
Fadil got Layla to do what he wanted.
Fadil got a call from detectives.
Fadil got a job working as a counselor.
Fadil got a surprise visit.
Fadil got an airtight alibi.
Fadil got another chance of freedom.
Fadil got arrested again.
Fadil got away with murder. Plain and simple.
Fadil got away with the robbery.
Fadil got behind Layla and hit her.
Fadil got early release on parole.
Fadil got exactly what he deserved.
Fadil got his hands on hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Fadil got home from work.
Fadil got into Layla's house.
Fadil got involved in drug trade.
Fadil got involved in this horrific crime.
Fadil got kidnapped, too.
Fadil got many calls on his cellphone.
Fadil got off the train.
Fadil got straight to work.
Fadil got two life sentences.
Fadil got very bored at home.
Fadil grabbed the money and ran for the door.
Fadil graduated from high school in Cairo.
Fadil graduated with honors.
Fadil grasped the gun with both hands, closed his eyes, turned his head away, and shot at Layla.
Fadil grew up in a single-parent home in Cairo.
Fadil grew up in a small town in Egypt.
Fadil grew up on the wrong side of the tracks.
Fadil grew up poor in the worst part of the city.
Fadil groomed and raised horses in southern Arizona.
Fadil grow up in the prairie state of Illinois.
Fadil had Layla strip naked.
Fadil had a 16-year-old sister.
Fadil had a Muslim girlfriend.
Fadil had a bigger worry.
Fadil had a black eye.
Fadil had a complicated love life.
Fadil had a contagious smile.
Fadil had a criminal mind.
Fadil had a greedy girlfriend.
Fadil had a life insurance.
Fadil had a lot of money and played a lot of money.
Fadil had a more deadly plan.
Fadil had a mysterious ending to his life.
Fadil had a near-perfect life growing up.
Fadil had a plan and he was very patient.
Fadil had a rebellious spirit.
Fadil had a reputation as a playboy.
Fadil had a reputation for violence.
Fadil had a right to get vengeance.
Fadil had a sting in mind.
Fadil had a window with a broken latch.
Fadil had absolutely no history of violence.
Fadil had an Easter party in his house.
Fadil had an abusive childhood.
Fadil had an affair with Layla for seven years.
Fadil had an affair with his sister-in-law.
Fadil had an emotional breakdown and he couldn't come to the interview.
Fadil had an excessive sexual activity.
Fadil had an exit strategy.
Fadil had an inappropriate and illegal relationship with a young girl named Layla.
Fadil had an ironclad alibi.
Fadil had another plan for Layla.
Fadil had been shot multiple times including in the head and the face.
Fadil had blood all over his hands.
Fadil had child pornographic images on his computer.
Fadil had control over Dania.
Fadil had every right to do that.
Fadil had hesitations about that.
Fadil had just prepared dinner.
Fadil had learning disabilities.
Fadil had lots of expensive things in his house.
Fadil had no destination in mind.
Fadil had no home life whatsoever.
Fadil had no idea that Layla had a boyfriend.
Fadil had no idea that Layla was waiting for him with a gun.
Fadil had no idea that he was being cheated on.
Fadil had no idea what was happening.
Fadil had no idea who Layla was seeing.
Fadil had no one to turn to.
Fadil had no problem keeping his secrets under wraps.
Fadil had no regard for Layla when she was alive.
Fadil had nothing to live for.
Fadil had plenty of cash.
Fadil had second thoughts.
Fadil had seen bears in this area for as long as he could remember.
Fadil had several arrests for drug possession.
Fadil had so many guests.
Fadil had something missing in his life: a wife.
Fadil had that bad boy persona.
Fadil had the same mindframe at that time as Dania.
Fadil had the ultimate power over his family.
Fadil had to be up early in the morning.
Fadil had to control everything.
Fadil had to expect and plan for the worst.
Fadil had to finish the job.
Fadil had to follow exactly what Layla wanted or he had to suffer the consequences.
Fadil had to go.
Fadil had to leave the motel at 1 o'clock.
Fadil had twenty entrance and exit wounds, yet he survived.
Fadil had two gunshot wounds to the chest.
Fadil had utopian ideas as to how an ideal family life should be.
Fadil had what he wanted.
Fadil handed Dania a gun.
Fadil has a lot of work.
Fadil has a lot to be thankful for.
Fadil has already made a new friend.
Fadil has always been a person who asked too many questions.
Fadil has always wanted more.
Fadil has been humiliated twice.
Fadil has been learning Arabic for about two years.
Fadil has changed from the naive kid who was abused at school to a dangerous criminal.
Fadil has converted to Islam.
Fadil has crossed an unforgivable line.
Fadil has good reason to worry.
Fadil has got plenty of time.
Fadil has many skeletons in his closet, including a 5-year prison sentence for robbery.
Fadil has moved from Egypt.
Fadil has no intentions of marrying Layla.
Fadil has now been missing for thirty hours.
Fadil has one thing on his mind: revenge.
Fadil has other plans.
Fadil has returned to the construction site to finish all the job there.
Fadil has what he wants.
Fadil hastily married.
Fadil headed into the house.
Fadil headed south to Sudan.
Fadil headed south.
Fadil heard a second shot.
Fadil heard a thumping sound coming from the basement.
Fadil heard the commotion and came to see what was going on.
Fadil held Layla down.
Fadil held a gun to Dania's head.
Fadil helped Layla fix her tire.
Fadil helped Layla with her homework.
Fadil hired Layla to help him on the property.
Fadil hired a private detective.
Fadil hoped that the body would sink to the bottom.
Fadil hoped that the coyotes and other animals would dispose of Layla's body.
Fadil hung out with the wrong people.
Fadil hung up the phone.
Fadil hunted around the house to find the money.
Fadil ignored the fact that Layla was engaged.
Fadil immediately picked up Layla's snapshot from the line-up.
Fadil improved his fluency in Arabic very quickly.
Fadil influenced Dania in a positive way.
Fadil instantly became angry.
Fadil instantly fell in love with the car.
Fadil instinctively did it.
Fadil introduced Dania to Rami.
Fadil introduced Layla directly to her drug dealer.
Fadil introduced Layla to Rami.
Fadil invited me to have a drink.
Fadil involved Layla in some illegal activities.
Fadil is Arab.
Fadil is Egyptian.
Fadil is Layla's sixth husband.
Fadil is a heartless sociopath.
Fadil is a psychopath.
Fadil is a self-centered idiot that wants to control everybody.
Fadil is a user and abuser of women.
Fadil is a very good friend of mine.
Fadil is active on Facebook.
Fadil is alone again.
Fadil is already engaged.
Fadil is always willing to help.
Fadil is back now.
Fadil is back.
Fadil is born one of a kind.
Fadil is cooking.
Fadil is currently on death row.
Fadil is finally back.
Fadil is free now.
Fadil is from a small town in Wisconsin.
Fadil is going to kill me.
Fadil is going to regret this.
Fadil is gonna hit me.
Fadil is humble and very knowledgeable.
Fadil is in jail now.
Fadil is in love with another woman.
Fadil is in love with someone else.
Fadil is in the house.
Fadil is legally responsible for what he did.
Fadil is married to a woman called Dania.
Fadil is medicated.
Fadil is missing.
Fadil is no different.
Fadil is not that kind of guy.
Fadil is not the only one.
Fadil is not willing to talk.
Fadil is on his own.
Fadil is on his way.
Fadil is on the run.
Fadil is over there.
Fadil is playing in the homecoming game.
Fadil is responsible for Layla's death.
Fadil is riding his bicycle.
Fadil is staying for dinner tonight, OK?
Fadil is staying over at a friend's.
Fadil is taking a shower.
Fadil is taking care of the kids.
Fadil is the one who called the police.
Fadil is the person you would go to to share your troubles.
Fadil is thinking about it.
Fadil is your worst nightmare.
Fadil isn't here. Do you know where he is?
Fadil isn't in.
Fadil jumped into action.
Fadil just couldn't resist.
Fadil just did what he was told.
Fadil just didn't want to talk about it.
Fadil just disappeared.
Fadil just does what he wants with me.
Fadil just doesn't know where to stop.
Fadil just drank to look cool.
Fadil just excelled in many different areas.
Fadil just slept.
Fadil just soaked all that information up like a sponge.
Fadil just went along with whatever was happening at the time.
Fadil just went home.
Fadil kept Layla informed about his whereabouts.
Fadil kept Layla locked in his room for two nights.
Fadil kept a lot of money in the house.
Fadil kept his gun aimed at Dania's family.
Fadil kept his word.
Fadil kidnapped Dania's dog.
Fadil killed Dania in cold blood.
Fadil killed Layla for the insurance money.
Fadil killed Layla in cold blood.
Fadil killed Layla to shut her up.
Fadil killed Layla very deliberately.
Fadil killed eight different people.
Fadil killed himself by jumping off an 8-storey building.
Fadil killed several people.
Fadil killed the woman that brought him on this earth.
Fadil knew Layla had been wronged.
Fadil knew Layla was violent.
Fadil knew Layla's house was empty.
Fadil knew a drug dealer by the name of Rami.
Fadil knew he had nothing to lose.
Fadil knew he was in danger.
Fadil knew he was in trouble with Layla.
Fadil knew how to spot vulnerable women.
Fadil knew nothing about nothing.
Fadil knew that Layla was engaged.
Fadil knew that a robbery was about to take place.
Fadil knew that he had to hurry.
Fadil knew that if he needed something, he had just to make one phone call.
Fadil knew that police could show up at any second.
Fadil knew that something was terribly wrong.
Fadil knew that the police were going to be on the way.
Fadil knows another secret.
Fadil knows it's only a matter of time.
Fadil knows that Layla was once accused of murdering her husband.
Fadil knows that all too well.
Fadil knows too much.
Fadil learned Arabic in Cairo.
Fadil learned a bitter lesson.
Fadil learnt a bitter lesson.
Fadil left Dania behind.
Fadil left Layla in the house.
Fadil left Layla in the wild.
Fadil left an incredible amount of money for Layla.
Fadil left for the weekend.
Fadil left his house at 10 am.
Fadil left his mother's house.
Fadil left his wife and married Layla.
Fadil left home a year later.
Fadil left the country on August 23.
Fadil left the country the day after Layla went missing.
Fadil left the country.
Fadil left the hospital.
Fadil left the house and ran to the car where he hid.
Fadil left the house.
Fadil left with his bicycle twelve hours ago and he has never been seen since.
Fadil left without a word to anyone.
Fadil lied in the bed and put the baby on his chest.
Fadil lied to me.
Fadil lied to protect Layla.
Fadil liked skiing.
Fadil liked to gamble.
Fadil liked to ski.
Fadil likes sausage.
Fadil lived here.
Fadil lived in a housing development near Cairo.
Fadil lived in a trailer.
Fadil lived in the same neighborhood as Layla.
Fadil lived just 50 miles south of Cairo.
Fadil lived on Long Island, New York.
Fadil lived on Sadiq street.
Fadil lives in a beautiful house.
Fadil lives in a safe town.
Fadil lives in a small community.
Fadil looked handsome, but inside, he was an inferno of rage.
Fadil looked to take advantage of Layla.
Fadil lost his favorite toy.
Fadil lost his job and house.
Fadil lost his mother and father when he was just little.
Fadil loved Dania unconditionally.
Fadil loved being the center of attention of his divorced parents.
Fadil loved his family and friends.
Fadil loved skiing.
Fadil loved to be on social media.
Fadil loved to dance.
Fadil loved writing poems.
Fadil loves Texas Chicken.
Fadil loves her.
Fadil made Layla an offer too good to refuse.
Fadil made Layla jump through hoops.
Fadil made a deadly choice.
Fadil made a promise and kept it.
Fadil made about a dozen phone calls that night.
Fadil made it through.
Fadil made it to Cairo.
Fadil made it upstairs on time.
Fadil made love to Layla all night.
Fadil made numerous calls on the day he was murdered.
Fadil managed to get a cab to take him to Cairo.
Fadil managed to get away.
Fadil managed to shoot Rami once in the back.
Fadil married a girl who couldn't speak Arabic.
Fadil may have fallen prey to Layla's trap.
Fadil may lose everything.
Fadil may not be the only victim.
Fadil may not have been working alone.
Fadil met Layla on a bus.
Fadil met a Muslim woman.
Fadil met a charming girl named Dania.
Fadil met a girl who worked as an exotic dancer.
Fadil met the same fate.
Fadil might be dead.
Fadil might be lying about the extent of his relationship with Layla.
Fadil mistook his delusions for divine messages.
Fadil moved back in with his parents.
Fadil moved to Cairo with his first real girlfriend, Dania.
Fadil moved to Cairo.
Fadil moved to a housing complex.
Fadil moved twenty minutes away to another neighborhood of Cairo.
Fadil murdered Layla for profit.
Fadil must be somewhere here.
Fadil must have felt a tremendous amount of guilt.
Fadil must have forgotten his promise to Layla.
Fadil must have heard something.
Fadil must move out of the home.
Fadil named a suspect.
Fadil named his daughter Layla.
Fadil needed money bad.
Fadil needed more protection.
Fadil needed the affection of a father.
Fadil needed to find a job to support his children.
Fadil needed to get rid of Layla.
Fadil needed to practise Arabic with native speakers.
Fadil never admitted to kidnapping a child.
Fadil never asked any questions about it.
Fadil never had a child before.
Fadil never had a steady job.
Fadil never intended to marry Layla.
Fadil never showed up.
Fadil never thought Layla would take it this far.
Fadil obeyed his parents and the Lord.
Fadil occasionally worked there.
Fadil occupied two bedrooms.
Fadil offered Layla a chance for revenge.
Fadil offered a shocking explanation as to why he attacked Layla.
Fadil offered his place.
Fadil only had one leg.
Fadil only managed to get a thousand dollars out of the safe.
Fadil opened a fast-food restaurant.
Fadil opened his own practice in Cairo.
Fadil openly talked about it.
Fadil ordered Dania to kill the dog.
Fadil overheard both sides of the phone conversation.
Fadil owned several luxury cars.
Fadil owned twenty million dollars.
Fadil padlocked the prostitutes in the basement of his house.
Fadil paid Layla fifteen hundred dollars.
Fadil paid an early morning visit to Dania.
Fadil paid for Layla's schooling.
Fadil passed away on January 14, 1967.
Fadil pawned the jewellery.
Fadil petitioned for full custody of his children.
Fadil picked up a candlestick and hit Dania to death.
Fadil picked up a few items and hit the road.
Fadil picked up immediately.
Fadil placed a lock on the door.
Fadil placed a phone call at around midnight.
Fadil placed the gun at Layla's head and then shot her.
Fadil played a very special role.
Fadil played out his well-rehearsed role.
Fadil pointed the finger at Layla.
Fadil poisoned Layla's food.
Fadil portrayed himself as a wealthy man but he lived in the basement of his parents' house.
Fadil posted a comment on the car.
Fadil presented himself as a teenage boy.
Fadil presumed the bracelet belonged to Layla.
Fadil probably doesn't speak Arabic as well as you think he does.
Fadil probably never saw what was coming.
Fadil proceeded to search for the money.
Fadil promised Layla a life of riches.
Fadil promised Layla money, cars, and jewellery.
Fadil promised Layla to marry her.
Fadil promised to marry Layla.
Fadil promised to talk about that at a later date.
Fadil prostituted Layla to get money for drugs.
Fadil pulled Layla out of the trunk.
Fadil pulled a knife on Layla.
Fadil pulled out a knife and stabbed Layla.
Fadil purchased a handgun.
Fadil pushed for women's rights.
Fadil put back his toys in the box.
Fadil put his business studies to use.
Fadil put his children before everyone else.
Fadil put his house in Layla's name.
Fadil put his skills to use.
Fadil put the gun down.
Fadil put up no resistance.
Fadil quickly developed a network of drug dealers.
Fadil quickly realized that answering that question would be no simple task.
Fadil quietly opened the backdoor and tiptoed into the house.
Fadil quietly turned the doorknob and entered the house.
Fadil raised his children to believe violence solves all problems.
Fadil ran a successful business.
Fadil raped Layla and abandoned her.
Fadil raped the woman.
Fadil read the Quran.
Fadil realized he had made a tragic mistake.
Fadil realized it was time to turn his life around.
Fadil realized it wasn't Layla's bike.
Fadil realized that Layla had been missing for a lot longer than he thought.
Fadil realized that Layla was still alive.
Fadil really didn't have a chance.
Fadil really fell for this girl.
Fadil really felt Dania's love.
Fadil really had no problems.
Fadil really loves Dania.
Fadil really wanted to believe.
Fadil really wasn't ready to get married.
Fadil received Layla's contact information.
Fadil received a call from Layla.
Fadil received a court summons.
Fadil received a number of letters from Layla.
Fadil received a ransom note.
Fadil received an overwhelming amount of feedback about his video.
Fadil received special forces training.
Fadil recognized Dania and called the police.
Fadil recounted his entire day.
Fadil recruited Layla to help.
Fadil reentered Layla's life.
Fadil reflected on himself.
Fadil refused to just wait for Layla to show up.
Fadil refused to shoot the dog.
Fadil relied heavily on other family members to assist him.
Fadil reluctantly accepted the drugs.
Fadil remained clueless about the affair.
Fadil remembers nothing else.
Fadil rented a hotel room.
Fadil requested the help of missing persons investigator Rami Hasan.
Fadil resorted to a desperate measure.
Fadil retired to his room.
Fadil returned home from dinner with friends.
Fadil returned to the main room.
Fadil revealed to Marwa a shocking truth.
Fadil ruined Layla's reputation.
Fadil rushed Layla to the hospital.
Fadil rushed to clean the bloody crime scene.
Fadil sacrificed his anonymity.
Fadil said he heard voices in his head.
Fadil said he needed money.
Fadil said he was going to marry Layla.
Fadil said he would kill us all.
Fadil said it was a joke.
Fadil said that he was going to die.
Fadil said that he was going to kill the dog.
Fadil said that he wasn't in a romantic relationship with his ex.
Fadil said that to me before.
Fadil said the right things all the time.
Fadil sang and danced.
Fadil sat in his house alone.
Fadil sat in jail, awaiting trial.
Fadil savagely assaulted a nine-year-old girl.
Fadil saved his life.
Fadil saw Dania walking alone.
Fadil saw Layla as a sweet woman.
Fadil saw Layla as an asset.
Fadil saw Layla doing that.
Fadil saw an unfamiliar car parked in front of his house.
Fadil saw his father lying across a chair with blood all over him.
Fadil saw the consequences of that.
Fadil saw the relationship more as an obsession than a romance.
Fadil searched Layla's body for all the valuables.
Fadil searched the house for two hours.
Fadil secretly converted to Islam.
Fadil seduced Dania with love and money.
Fadil seemed to be a very mild-mannered man.
Fadil seemed to be very cooperative with police.
Fadil seemed to have a good life with his wife and two sons.
Fadil seems to be in a good mood today.
Fadil seems to be in a really good mood today.
Fadil seems to be in a really good mood.
Fadil seems to have taken his own life.
Fadil sells building materials.
Fadil sensed he had made a mistake by hiring Layla.
Fadil sent Dania letters.
Fadil sent Layla a goodnight text message.
Fadil sent Layla letters but they were unanswered.
Fadil sent Layla on her way.
Fadil sent Layla to look for the money.
Fadil sent his children to a Catholic school.
Fadil served time for sexual assault.
Fadil served two years in jail.
Fadil set Layla's body on fire.
Fadil set up a Facebook page to try to help find Layla.
Fadil sexually assaulted a fourteen-year-old girl.
Fadil shot Dania's dog.
Fadil shot Layla and left her naked in the basement.
Fadil shot Layla in the back of the head.
Fadil shot Layla in the head while she was sleeping.
Fadil shot Layla in the mouth.
Fadil shot Layla once in the chest.
Fadil shot Layla then tried to make it look like a suicide.
Fadil shot Layla through the right eyebrow.
Fadil shot Rami in front of his wife.
Fadil should never have got promoted.
Fadil should try to learn a little Arabic.
Fadil showed his true colors. He was a coward.
Fadil showed his wife much affection.
Fadil showed up the next morning.
Fadil showered Layla in luxury.
Fadil showered Layla with an endless stream of affection.
Fadil slammed on the brakes.
Fadil slashed his own throat.
Fadil sold Layla out to the police.
Fadil soon fled the marriage.
Fadil soon joined the long list of Layla's former husbands.
Fadil soon showed his true colors.
Fadil sought revenge by murder.
Fadil sounded remorseful.
Fadil speaks Arabic.
Fadil specialized in pediatric forensic work.
Fadil spent every spare moment searching the web for a gift to buy Layla.
Fadil spent long hours on his job.
Fadil spent some time in jail.
Fadil spent the entire day dismembering and packaging Layla's body.
Fadil spent the whole night looking for Layla.
Fadil spent two decades in jail.
Fadil spotted something out of the corner of his eye.
Fadil spotted what appeared to be a body in the river.
Fadil squeezed every penny out of Layla.
Fadil started a new relationship.
Fadil started a non-profit organization to empower teen moms.
Fadil started an explosion in the house.
Fadil started attacking Layla.
Fadil started blaming himself for being manipulated in this way.
Fadil started complaining of stomach and intestinal pains.
Fadil started dancing.
Fadil started dating Dania.
Fadil started dating a Muslim girl from Egypt.
Fadil started fasting although he wasn't a Muslim.
Fadil started learning Arabic at college.
Fadil started learning Arabic.
Fadil started reading Arabic newspapers everyday.
Fadil started searching Egypt for love and he found it.
Fadil started skipping school.
Fadil started smoking and drinking.
Fadil started spending a lot of time with Layla. They were inseparable.
Fadil started studying Arabic.
Fadil started thinking about raising a family in Egypt.
Fadil started to become interested in the Arabic language.
Fadil started to brag about his robberies.
Fadil started to cry.
Fadil started to hear horrifying sounds coming from his room.
Fadil started to miss church.
Fadil started to question his religion.
Fadil started to think about life.
Fadil started to yell at Layla.
Fadil started transferring Layla's house into his name.
Fadil started worrying about Layla.
Fadil starved his own children.
Fadil stashed the weapons in the car.
Fadil stayed and worked in Cairo.
Fadil stayed in Cairo for about four months.
Fadil stayed on the run for two years.
Fadil stayed out all day.
Fadil stayed upstairs.
Fadil stayed with his wife.
Fadil still doesn't believe Layla is guilty.
Fadil still has one person he can always count on.
Fadil still lives life to the fullest.
Fadil still loves Dania.
Fadil still wanted to be part of Layla's life.
Fadil stole Layla's money and car.
Fadil stole a car in Cairo.
Fadil stole a car.
Fadil stole some gold figurines and coins from Layla's house.
Fadil stood by Layla.
Fadil stood by his wife, Layla.
Fadil stood over Layla with a gun.
Fadil stood up and raised his arms over his head as if to thank the heavens.
Fadil stopped doing all that stuff.
Fadil stopped his meds and the voices were back.
Fadil stopped taking his medication.
Fadil stored Layla's body in a freezer.
Fadil struggled to raise his children on his own.
Fadil studied Arabic for one year.
Fadil studied Islam.
Fadil studied theology as an undergraduate degree.
Fadil studies Arabic from 8 to 10 am.
Fadil stuffed Dania's body into a trash can.
Fadil suddenly died.
Fadil suggested to Layla that they move together.
Fadil surrounded himself with like-minded people.
Fadil survived bone cancer.
Fadil survived the brutal assault.
Fadil survived the incident.
Fadil swapped good grades with street gangs.
Fadil swore like a sailor.
Fadil talks too much.
Fadil taught Layla everything he knew.
Fadil taught himself the Arabic alphabet.
Fadil testified at Layla's trial.
Fadil texted Layla and let her know that the coast was clear.
Fadil texted Layla that he was planning on robbing a bank.
Fadil thinks he can use me.
Fadil thinks he has found the answer.
Fadil thinks he's so good at everything.
Fadil thinks he's so strong and so professional.
Fadil thinks he's the best Arabic teacher here.
Fadil thought Layla was listening.
Fadil thought Layla was perfectly normal.
Fadil thought he committed the perfect murder.
Fadil thought he could do it again.
Fadil thought he could evade suspicion.
Fadil thought he could get the milk for free.
Fadil thought he found his perfect love.
Fadil thought he was alone.
Fadil thought he was doing something good for his children by murdering them.
Fadil thought he was in love with Dania.
Fadil thought he was in love with Denmark.
Fadil thought of his life as hard labor.
Fadil thought of his wife as a possession.
Fadil thought that what he was doing was good for his children.
Fadil thought the medication was poison.
Fadil threatened Dania.
Fadil threw himself off that second floor balcony.
Fadil tidied his room.
Fadil tied the cable to Layla's hands.
Fadil told Dania he loved her before he hung up.
Fadil told Layla he was planning to rob a bank.
Fadil told Layla that he was going to give her a new life.
Fadil told Layla that she should leave her house and live with him.
Fadil told Layla to follow him downstairs.
Fadil told Layla to get in the van.
Fadil told Layla to hold the gun on Rami.
Fadil told her to leave.
Fadil told his family that he converted to Islam.
Fadil told his parents he converted to Islam.
Fadil told me nothing.
Fadil told police everything.
Fadil told police what happened.
Fadil told the whole story.
Fadil told us a crazy story.
Fadil took Dania's family hostage.
Fadil took Dania's money.
Fadil took Layla into an abandoned house.
Fadil took Layla's car keys and left.
Fadil took Layla's virginity.
Fadil took a public bus.
Fadil took a shower to calm his nerves down.
Fadil took advantage of Dania.
Fadil took all his paintings and burned them.
Fadil took care of Layla financially.
Fadil took care of Layla.
Fadil took care of his daughter.
Fadil took complete control of Layla's life.
Fadil took control of the wheel.
Fadil took his children to a back room.
Fadil took his crime spree to a whole new level.
Fadil took his devotion to the extreme.
Fadil took off, leaving Layla behind.
Fadil took out a life insurance policy and made Layla as his beneficiary.
Fadil took the bait.
Fadil took the baseball bat from Layla.
Fadil took the dog out.
Fadil took the first flight to Cairo.
Fadil took the sample to his laboratory and analyzed it.
Fadil took three months of classical Arabic.
Fadil tossed the gun in a neighbor's backyard.
Fadil traded one set of problems for another.
Fadil trained with the special forces.
Fadil traveled from state to state.
Fadil traveled to Cairo to see Layla.
Fadil tried again.
Fadil tried to dispose of the body.
Fadil tried to focus on his family.
Fadil tried to help Dania get money.
Fadil tried to help Layla as best he could.
Fadil tried to hide Dania's body.
Fadil tried to keep one step ahead of the law.
Fadil tried to make the police's work easy.
Fadil tried to murder his father-in-law.
Fadil tried to reason with the robbers.
Fadil tried to stop Layla.
Fadil tried to strangle the dog.
Fadil trusted Layla completely.
Fadil trusted Layla to do the right thing.
Fadil turned his hate on the innocent.
Fadil turned into a control freak pretty quick.
Fadil turned to Layla for comfort.
Fadil understands Arabic.
Fadil understood that all too well.
Fadil understood that very well.
Fadil understood that.
Fadil uploaded another video on YouTube.
Fadil used Layla's credit card.
Fadil used Layla's disability to make her suffer.
Fadil used Layla's money to buy a home.
Fadil used Layla's phone.
Fadil used a powerful sedative to drug Layla.
Fadil used an alias.
Fadil used another number to call Layla.
Fadil used darkness and quietness to slowly sneak into Layla's garden.
Fadil used drugs.
Fadil used flashcards to learn Arabic words.
Fadil used his money to romance Layla.
Fadil used three different textbooks to learn Arabic.
Fadil usually picks up right away.
Fadil violated the terms of his release.
Fadil volunteered for cancer walks.
Fadil waited for Layla at home.
Fadil waited nearby.
Fadil waited patiently for the right moment.
Fadil waited until a person was sick to poison them.
Fadil walked away from his family.
Fadil walked away from his kids.
Fadil walked into a minefield.
Fadil walked the dog.
Fadil wanted Layla to have his baby.
Fadil wanted Layla to marry him.
Fadil wanted a lover, not a wife.
Fadil wanted every woman.
Fadil wanted everybody to have a great time.
Fadil wanted more money.
Fadil wanted the rest of the money.
Fadil wanted the ultimate control.
Fadil wanted the world to see that he was killing Layla.
Fadil wanted to be arrested.
Fadil wanted to be close to his job.
Fadil wanted to be more independent.
Fadil wanted to be with Dania.
Fadil wanted to be with someone.
Fadil wanted to buy crack.
Fadil wanted to change Layla's immoral ways.
Fadil wanted to continue to love Dania.
Fadil wanted to control and manipulate Layla.
Fadil wanted to control everybody.
Fadil wanted to do that without Layla.
Fadil wanted to end the marriage.
Fadil wanted to escape capture.
Fadil wanted to experience that type of life.
Fadil wanted to find a way to fix his money problems.
Fadil wanted to find the love of his life.
Fadil wanted to forget Dania.
Fadil wanted to get back there to make some more money.
Fadil wanted to get some money from Layla.
Fadil wanted to have a different sort of clientele.
Fadil wanted to have a future with Dania, the love of his life.
Fadil wanted to help his twin sister, Dania.
Fadil wanted to incinerate Layla's body.
Fadil wanted to keep Layla for ever.
Fadil wanted to kill his ex and kill himself as well.
Fadil wanted to know everything about Islam.
Fadil wanted to know everything about everything.
Fadil wanted to learn more about infanticide.
Fadil wanted to make Layla an honest woman.
Fadil wanted to make a huge sacrifice for Dania.
Fadil wanted to make sure that nothing bad happened to Layla.
Fadil wanted to meet Layla's family but she was hesitant.
Fadil wanted to move on.
Fadil wanted to save the delicate Layla from a harsh world.
Fadil wanted to scare Layla.
Fadil wanted to see Layla.
Fadil wanted to set the good example.
Fadil wanted to spend more time with Layla.
Fadil wanted to start a new life.
Fadil wanted to steal Dania's money.
Fadil wanted to take Layla home.
Fadil wanted to take care of Layla.
Fadil wanted to take care of his twin sister, Dania.
Fadil wanted to take some sort of revenge against Layla.
Fadil wanted what Layla had.
Fadil wants his children to learn to speak Arabic.
Fadil wants me to fail.
Fadil wants to know what Muslims really are.
Fadil wants to marry another woman.
Fadil was 29 at the time and Layla was 43.
Fadil was 600 miles away, driving to Cairo on the night Layla went missing. This means there's no way that he could have been the killer.
Fadil was Layla's husband number four.
Fadil was OK with it in his mind.
Fadil was Rami's new associate.
Fadil was a child who just wanted to be loved.
Fadil was a classic manipulator.
Fadil was a committed Christian.
Fadil was a complete atheist.
Fadil was a control freak.
Fadil was a controlling and abusive husband.
Fadil was a desirable target for Layla because of his wealth.
Fadil was a highly regarded member of the community.
Fadil was a little boy with a sunny smile.
Fadil was a lonely single dad struggling to raise his daughter Layla.
Fadil was a long-time admirer of Layla.
Fadil was a man of Egyptian extraction.
Fadil was a man of ill repute.
Fadil was a man with a complicated past.
Fadil was a man with a million dollar smile.
Fadil was a master abuser.
Fadil was a master manipulator of people and this started when he was a young boy.
Fadil was a model student.
Fadil was a neglectful father.
Fadil was a professional hitman.
Fadil was a prominent doctor in the area.
Fadil was a sadistic sociopath.
Fadil was a smooth-talking charmer.
Fadil was a sociopath to the core.
Fadil was a soulless ex-con.
Fadil was a trusted surgeon.
Fadil was a well-educated attorney.
Fadil was a young man with a bright future ahead of him.
Fadil was able to manipulate and deceive Layla.
Fadil was about seventeen years old at the time.
Fadil was about to leave town.
Fadil was absolutely beside himself.
Fadil was absolutely devastated.
Fadil was accused of sexual assault.
Fadil was acting like a child.
Fadil was addicted to murder.
Fadil was admitted to Sadiq medical center.
Fadil was afraid of what was going to happen to him and his family.
Fadil was all in.
Fadil was almost penalized for even existing.
Fadil was already devastated.
Fadil was already looking at other religions.
Fadil was also engaged to another woman.
Fadil was always into literature.
Fadil was always smiling.
Fadil was amazingly calm and collected after he had shot Rami.
Fadil was an ultimate manipulator.
Fadil was an uninvited guest.
Fadil was apprehended while hiding inside a friend's house.
Fadil was armed with an assault rifle.
Fadil was arrested and convicted of a weapon-related violation.
Fadil was arrested and stood trial for first degree murder.
Fadil was arrested for kidnapping a minor.
Fadil was arrested without incident.
Fadil was assaulted in his apartment and shot to death.
Fadil was at a party.
Fadil was at his ex-wife's house.
Fadil was attacked and shot in his apartment.
Fadil was attacked first.
Fadil was awaiting his court date.
Fadil was beaten then strangled.
Fadil was bedridden.
Fadil was blind to Layla's dangerous ways.
Fadil was blinded by love.
Fadil was born during the Great Depression.
Fadil was born in Waco, Texas.
Fadil was brought back in for questioning.
Fadil was brought into the police station and questioned.
Fadil was brought to justice.
Fadil was brought up in a home where he was taught that love was just about material things.
Fadil was buried in an unmarked grave.
Fadil was busy texting.
Fadil was calling and receiving calls from another number.
Fadil was calling and texting Layla.
Fadil was carrying a lot of cash.
Fadil was celebrating a new relationship with girlfriend Layla.
Fadil was charged with second degree aggravated murder.
Fadil was cheating on Dania.
Fadil was cleared.
Fadil was cold-hearted killer.
Fadil was college-educated.
Fadil was comfortable mixing with high society.
Fadil was coming down the stairs.
Fadil was committed to a mental institution for 10 years.
Fadil was committed to a mental institution.
Fadil was committed to giving Layla what she wanted.
Fadil was completely devastated when he heard the news.
Fadil was concerned about how this was going to affect his plan.
Fadil was confined to his bed all day.
Fadil was convicted and sentenced to death.
Fadil was convicted of first degree murder.
Fadil was convicted of one count of murder.
Fadil was convinced that Layla no longer wanted to kill him.
Fadil was crossing the street.
Fadil was curious to see to what extent Arabic and Hebrew were similar to one another.
Fadil was dating a Muslim woman from Egypt.
Fadil was dealt one more cruel blow.
Fadil was definitely afraid.
Fadil was desperate to have a fresh start with a woman he loved.
Fadil was desperate to stay one step ahead of the law.
Fadil was detained for questioning.
Fadil was determined to make Dania pay.
Fadil was determined to restore his sister's honor.
Fadil was devoted to church and community.
Fadil was devoutly religious and raised his children to be religious as well.
Fadil was diagnosed as being narcissistic.
Fadil was doing great at school.
Fadil was downstairs, sound asleep.
Fadil was driving.
Fadil was drugged and helpless.
Fadil was engaged in a lot of criminal activities.
Fadil was establishing an alibi.
Fadil was exceptionally bright at school.
Fadil was excited to share his poem with Layla.
Fadil was facing fifty years of prison but he only received ten.
Fadil was fearful for his own life.
Fadil was fearful of Layla taking his life.
Fadil was feeling sick in his stomach.
Fadil was filing for divorce.
Fadil was fixing his bike in the backyard.
Fadil was forced to choose between love and self-preservation.
Fadil was forced to make a choice.
Fadil was found criminally insane.
Fadil was found dead in the front seat of his minivan.
Fadil was found deceased in his apartment.
Fadil was found guilty for one count of attempted murder.
Fadil was found safe and sound at his grandmother's house.
Fadil was gagged and on his knees.
Fadil was gasping for air.
Fadil was genuinely surprised.
Fadil was getting agitated.
Fadil was getting better and better as the months went on.
Fadil was getting increasingly angry.
Fadil was given a second chance.
Fadil was given ten years for his involvement as a co-conspirator.
Fadil was grossly abusive.
Fadil was growing up fast.
Fadil was gunned down outside his office.
Fadil was happy to do anything for Layla.
Fadil was happy to make Layla an honest woman.
Fadil was happy with Layla.
Fadil was having an affair with Layla.
Fadil was having doubts.
Fadil was having repairs done on a truck.
Fadil was hearing those voices.
Fadil was heavily involved in the church.
Fadil was hiding and terrified.
Fadil was holding all the cards.
Fadil was holding his baby.
Fadil was holding the gun.
Fadil was holed up at his mother's house.
Fadil was home alone with Layla.
Fadil was hoping for more than a tea with Layla.
Fadil was horribly sick.
Fadil was in a situation where he knew what was right and wrong.
Fadil was in fear for his life.
Fadil was in his house during the murder.
Fadil was in love with his new car.
Fadil was in shock and disbelief.
Fadil was in the dark about his daughter's dating life.
Fadil was in the special forces.
Fadil was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Fadil was indeed seeing someone else.
Fadil was indicted by the grand jury and went to trial.
Fadil was inside the house.
Fadil was instantly taken by Layla's charismatic personality.
Fadil was intensely in love with Dania.
Fadil was interested in horses.
Fadil was intoxicated.
Fadil was involved in a robbery where two people died.
Fadil was involved in all kinds of criminal behavior.
Fadil was involved in an incident where people were injured and killed.
Fadil was involved in the drug trade.
Fadil was involved in those rapes and murders.
Fadil was just forty years old.
Fadil was just trying to repair his relationship with Layla.
Fadil was just very taken with Layla.
Fadil was keeping a secret.
Fadil was kept in the hospital for nine months.
Fadil was kind of reserved, not assertive at all.
Fadil was king in his castle.
Fadil was known for his use of drugs.
Fadil was learning classical Arabic.
Fadil was like a kettle on the boil that was going to explode.
Fadil was living with another woman he had been dating for over ten years.
Fadil was looking around for a job.
Fadil was looking for a cheap house in Cairo.
Fadil was looking for a job.
Fadil was looking for a vehicle to steal to get him out of the city.
Fadil was looking for answers.
Fadil was looking for ways to feed his drug habit.
Fadil was lucky to escape with his life.
Fadil was lying there, bleeding.
Fadil was madly in love with Layla.
Fadil was making an effort to share Layla's passions.
Fadil was more and more isolated.
Fadil was more experienced than Rami at the time.
Fadil was more seriously dating a woman named Layla.
Fadil was motivated by one thing and one thing only: greed.
Fadil was moving as quickly as he could.
Fadil was never there.
Fadil was new to the job.
Fadil was nice to Sofia and Dania.
Fadil was no longer a menace to society.
Fadil was no stranger to law enforcement.
Fadil was not alone long.
Fadil was notified at work about the murder of his wife, Dania.
Fadil was nowhere around.
Fadil was nowhere to be found.
Fadil was on the hunt for the perfect present.
Fadil was ordered by the judge to never have contact with his Layla.
Fadil was ordered to drive.
Fadil was ordered to shoot.
Fadil was out of his element.
Fadil was out of his mind.
Fadil was paying for the apartment.
Fadil was paying the consequences for it.
Fadil was pissed off.
Fadil was placed on anti-psychotic medication.
Fadil was plagued by tragedy his entire life.
Fadil was planning on killing someone.
Fadil was pretty angry.
Fadil was probably a Native American Indian.
Fadil was pushed to the edge.
Fadil was quick to fall in and out of love.
Fadil was quite a ladies' man.
Fadil was raised by a single mother in a chaotic household.
Fadil was raised in a small rural town.
Fadil was reading from Layla's diary.
Fadil was reading the Quran.
Fadil was ready to do something extreme to make Layla pay for what she had done to him.
Fadil was ready to get back to business.
Fadil was ready to settle down with Layla.
Fadil was ready to strike again.
Fadil was really excited about the idea of learning Arabic.
Fadil was reincarcerated for that.
Fadil was released in 1990.
Fadil was released on bail.
Fadil was released on the condition he never contacts his wife's family.
Fadil was remorseful for his crimes.
Fadil was reported missing when he didn't arrive home when he was supposed to.
Fadil was reported missing.
Fadil was resentenced to 21 years in jail.
Fadil was responsible for Layla's death.
Fadil was responsible to some extent to what happened to Layla.
Fadil was riding a bicycle through the alley.
Fadil was robbed at gunpoint.
Fadil was running a busy hotel.
Fadil was running an errand for his mother.
Fadil was rushed to the hospital.
Fadil was scared to death of Layla.
Fadil was searching for the drugs and money.
Fadil was seeing someone else.
Fadil was seeking love and companionship.
Fadil was sentenced to 5 years house arrest.
Fadil was sentenced to death for the killing of a young girl.
Fadil was sentenced to death for the murder of Dania.
Fadil was sentenced to life in prison without possibility of parole.
Fadil was serving time at a prison in Cairo.
Fadil was seventeen at the time.
Fadil was severely damaged even to the point that he didn't want to live anymore.
Fadil was severely damaged.
Fadil was shocked by what Layla suggested as a solution to his problem.
Fadil was shocked when he learned there were two more victims.
Fadil was shot and his diamonds disappeared.
Fadil was shot in the chest and was pronounced dead at the scene.
Fadil was shot inside his home.
Fadil was shot multiple times.
Fadil was shot six times.
Fadil was simply covering his own tracks.
Fadil was so determined at what he was doing.
Fadil was so fluent in Arabic that Layla thought he was Arab.
Fadil was so happy for Layla.
Fadil was so scared.
Fadil was so young.
Fadil was somebody who showered a lot of attention on Layla.
Fadil was soon caught and confessed to the murder.
Fadil was sound asleep.
Fadil was spared the death penalty but was sentenced to twenty five years in jail with no possibility of parole.
Fadil was still battling cancer.
Fadil was still trying to cope with his father's suicide a year earlier.
Fadil was stopped by a policeman.
Fadil was stunned by what he saw.
Fadil was suffering from a serious mental disorder.
Fadil was suffering from a type of schizophrenia.
Fadil was suspicious of medication.
Fadil was taking his pills.
Fadil was talking to a very nice lady.
Fadil was telling Layla what to tell so that her story would match his story.
Fadil was ten years older than Layla.
Fadil was terrified for his daughter.
Fadil was the first man to ever pay attention to Layla.
Fadil was the first one in the house.
Fadil was the head chef.
Fadil was the last one to die.
Fadil was the more aggressive and assertive of the two twins.
Fadil was the one who set all this up.
Fadil was the only love Dania had.
Fadil was the only one cruel enough to kill the dog.
Fadil was the only one left.
Fadil was the only one that knew what happened to Layla.
Fadil was the only witness.
Fadil was the perfect family man.
Fadil was the second of four brothers.
Fadil was the youngest of seven children.
Fadil was thinking about that.
Fadil was thrilled.
Fadil was tired of his mother-in-law coming in between he and Dania.
Fadil was totally sober.
Fadil was traveling alone.
Fadil was trying to do the very best that he could.
Fadil was trying to find himself.
Fadil was trying to find his father.
Fadil was unable to talk.
Fadil was unaware of where Layla had gone.
Fadil was unconscious at that point.
Fadil was very afraid of what was happening.
Fadil was very alive at the party.
Fadil was very clearly battered.
Fadil was very dangerous to other people.
Fadil was very disappointed in Layla.
Fadil was very excited for having a potential buyer.
Fadil was very forthcoming about the details of his relationship with Layla.
Fadil was waiting for Layla in the parking lot.
Fadil was waiting for Layla to call him.
Fadil was waiting for Layla to come in.
Fadil was watching a game.
Fadil was well respected in the community.
Fadil was working a night shift.
Fadil washed up after the evening meal.
Fadil wasn't a very shy boy.
Fadil wasn't able to take care of Layla.
Fadil wasn't able to work.
Fadil wasn't acting like a guilty man.
Fadil wasn't afraid of grown-up responsibilities.
Fadil wasn't exactly sure where Layla was.
Fadil wasn't familiar with that new girl.
Fadil wasn't feeling secure.
Fadil wasn't feeling well.
Fadil wasn't going to let Layla slip away so easily.
Fadil wasn't going to let that happen under any circumstances.
Fadil wasn't happy with the way Layla looked.
Fadil wasn't home.
Fadil wasn't inside the house.
Fadil wasn't leading a picture-perfect life.
Fadil wasn't looking at what his actions were and what the consequences were going to be.
Fadil wasn't looking for cash.
Fadil wasn't satisfied with meager wages.
Fadil wasn't satisfied with that kind of answer.
Fadil wasn't satisfied with the answer.
Fadil wasn't the only one.
Fadil wasn't upset with Dania for what she did.
Fadil wasted no time setting his devious plan in motion.
Fadil watched an episode of X-Files.
Fadil watched as Dania tried to hide Sofia's body.
Fadil watched the crime obediently.
Fadil weighed 300 pounds.
Fadil welcomed Layla inside.
Fadil went alone.
Fadil went along for the ride.
Fadil went back online to find a new wife.
Fadil went back to Cairo.
Fadil went back to Layla's house.
Fadil went back to pick up something valuable he left behind.
Fadil went back to prison.
Fadil went blind overnight.
Fadil went blind.
Fadil went down to the basement.
Fadil went downstairs to confront the intruders.
Fadil went for a ride on his BMX bike.
Fadil went missing on Sunday, February 23, 1996.
Fadil went missing.
Fadil went nowhere without his bike.
Fadil went out of town for a while.
Fadil went silent.
Fadil went to Cairo to study Arabic there for a year.
Fadil went to Dania's home.
Fadil went to Layla's house to spend more time with her.
Fadil went to college.
Fadil went to court the following week.
Fadil went to extremes to cover up his greed.
Fadil went to school.
Fadil went to the basement.
Fadil went to the ends of the earth for the love of his life.
Fadil went to the mall.
Fadil went to visit family.
Fadil went upstairs and took a shower.
Fadil will be Dania's next victim.
Fadil will be released next year.
Fadil will be sentenced to death.
Fadil will continue to hear that all his life.
Fadil will discover a dark side of his own.
Fadil will get custody of his children.
Fadil will get his revenge.
Fadil will have his money.
Fadil will have to go through life without his beloved girlfriend.
Fadil will like this place.
Fadil will never forget the grisly find.
Fadil will never give up.
Fadil will pay the ultimate price for doing this.
Fadil woke up early in the morning.
Fadil woke up very early in the morning.
Fadil won't let his kids out of his sight.
Fadil won't take no for an answer.
Fadil worked for Dania.
Fadil worked hard to make sure Layla had everything she needed.
Fadil worked odd jobs.
Fadil would have been dead ten minutes later.
Fadil would hit his children.
Fadil would like to see you.
Fadil would look up in the dictionary any Arabic word he didn't know.
Fadil would never leave his wife.
Fadil wrote Layla a poem to profess his love.
Fadil wrote everything that happened that night.
Fadil wrote the Arabic words all correctly.
Fadil yelled at Dania to keep quiet.
Fadil's Facebook page was quickly inundated with messages of support.
Fadil's accounts have been closed.
Fadil's affair with Layla won't stay secret for long.
Fadil's anchor was his aunt Layla.
Fadil's and Layla's encounters were limited to their workplace.
Fadil's and Layla's stories don't match up.
Fadil's arrest brought an end to his reign of terror.
Fadil's behavior was becoming more controlling and erratic.
Fadil's betrayal should make a wife crazy.
Fadil's bike was his joy.
Fadil's blindness was caused by sever emotional stress.
Fadil's body rotted in the basement.
Fadil's body surfaced under the bridge.
Fadil's body was delivered to the medical examination office but they couldn't positively identify it.
Fadil's body was discovered near Layla's house.
Fadil's body was dumped where animal carcasses are common. It was a site used by hunters to dispose of animal carcasses.
Fadil's body was find in a river.
Fadil's body was in pieces.
Fadil's body was in the garbage.
Fadil's body was partially burned with gasoline.
Fadil's career took off.
Fadil's cause of death is undetermined homicidal death.
Fadil's children needed a mother.
Fadil's children stayed inside.
Fadil's children went to live with their grandparents because of the mental state of their mother.
Fadil's crime was utterly terrific.
Fadil's criminal lifestyle, for Layla, didn't even matter.
Fadil's death raised suspicions.
Fadil's death remained unsolved.
Fadil's death was a huge blow to the community.
Fadil's death was no laughing matter.
Fadil's defense team made a surprise move.
Fadil's devastating fate finally came to light.
Fadil's double life surfaced.
Fadil's dreams of love quickly ran up in smoke.
Fadil's dreams of the future were just beginning.
Fadil's excitement was short-lived.
Fadil's family has come to town.
Fadil's family insisted he get psychological help.
Fadil's family is very religious.
Fadil's family seemed to be cursed.
Fadil's family was decimated.
Fadil's family was falling apart.
Fadil's father owned a billiard parlor in Cairo.
Fadil's father was alcoholic.
Fadil's father-in-law died.
Fadil's freedom was short-lived.
Fadil's friendship with Layla brought new life to his tedious days.
Fadil's grades dropped.
Fadil's head was found in a freezer.
Fadil's health deteriorated.
Fadil's home was just five minutes away.
Fadil's house became Layla's second home.
Fadil's house has a back garden.
Fadil's house was packed to the rafters.
Fadil's infidelities became too much to bear.
Fadil's infirmity didn't slow him down.
Fadil's job kept him removed from the outside world.
Fadil's job left him little time for Layla.
Fadil's kids were at school.
Fadil's life savings were gone.
Fadil's life turned upside down one fall day.
Fadil's life was about to take a tragic turn.
Fadil's love and adoration only fed Layla's ego.
Fadil's love for Dania was built on lies.
Fadil's love for Layla was a lie and it was bound to fail from the start.
Fadil's love life was riding high.
Fadil's love story ended tragically.
Fadil's luck was about to run out.
Fadil's meds were very strong.
Fadil's mind deteriorated.
Fadil's mission was complete.
Fadil's mom loves things like that.
Fadil's mother characterized him as a good boy.
Fadil's mother loved him with all her heart.
Fadil's mother remarried.
Fadil's mother was single.
Fadil's neighbors called 911.
Fadil's new bride was no ordinary girl.
Fadil's nightmare didn't end there.
Fadil's parents divorced when he was 3 years old.
Fadil's parents enrolled him in a prestigious school in Cairo.
Fadil's parents knew that he was hiding something.
Fadil's past quickly caught up.
Fadil's personality seemed to hypnotize Dania.
Fadil's personality was very dominating and Layla just couldn't take it anymore.
Fadil's plan was his downfall.
Fadil's plan went horribly wrong.
Fadil's plans were put on hold when he met Layla.
Fadil's practice was thriving.
Fadil's professional success came with a personal price.
Fadil's prostitution house ran like a well-oiled machine.
Fadil's psychosis took over.
Fadil's reaction puzzled the investigators.
Fadil's relationship with Layla continued to blossom.
Fadil's religious faith spun into delusion.
Fadil's renewed interest in Layla was no accident.
Fadil's reputation was ruined.
Fadil's request was granted.
Fadil's secret was out.
Fadil's senseless cruelty wasn't over.
Fadil's skull was never found.
Fadil's smile was contagious.
Fadil's sons will go to heaven.
Fadil's stalking continued.
Fadil's statement shed additional light on Layla's disappearance.
Fadil's story matched very precisely with Layla's account of events.
Fadil's story was highlighted in several newspapers.
Fadil's suffering increased when he found out about the affair.
Fadil's suicide didn't affect Layla.
Fadil's sweet demeanor masked a cruel monster.
Fadil's time was up.
Fadil's trip to Cairo gave him the opportunity to improve his skills in Arabic.
Fadil's twin sister, Dania, has never known a life without him.
Fadil's violence was never fatal.
Fadil's violent outbursts pushed Layla to the brink.
Fadil's vision soon returned.
Fadil's wallet was still in his pocket.
Fadil's whole demeanor seemed to change.
Fadil's wife, his brother and his father-in-law all died that year.
Fadil's worst fear became a reality.
Fadil, Layla and their children had one bedroom.
Fadil, Layla, and Rami all live with their dad in Cairo.
Fadil, too, became part of Layla's family.
Fadma is a deceitful woman.
Fadma is a hypocritical woman.
Fadma is a two-faced woman.
Fadıl's return has been bitter.
Fag!
Fag.
Faggot!
Faggot.
Fagun plays cricket.
Fahima hasn't finished yet.
Fahrenheit is a German inventor who invented the thermometer. At the same time, his name is given to a unit of temperature.
Fail with honor rather than succeed by fraud.
Failed to connect to server. Please check your network settings.
Failing by so narrow a margin left Tom feeling dispirited.
Failing the exam was a blow to his ego.
Failing the exam was a sore point that he did not like to talk about.
Failing the examination means waiting for another year.
Failing to plan is planning to fail.
Failing to prepare is preparing to fail.
Failure gives me strength: my pain is my motivation.
Failure is a temporary condition.
Failure is absolutely not an option.
Failure is just the ability to start again, but wiser.
Failure is majoring in minor things.
Failure is not an option.
Failure is not an option... except that it totally is, and you definitely will.
Failure is nothing but humiliation when it doesn't inspire the genius to overcome old barriers.
Failure is possible.
Failure is the best coach.
Failure is the best mentor.
Failure is the best way to learn.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Failure is the mother of success.
Failure is the pillar of success.
Failure isn't an option.
Failure isn't the opposite of success for me. The opposite of success is not having tried.
Failure teaches success.
Failure to correspond with the naming convention may result in parsing errors.
Failure to have a valid ticket may result in prosecution and a fine of up to £1000.
Failure to meet global climate goals could lead to warming of five degrees celsius in the Himalayan mountains and a loss of two-thirds of the region’s glaciers by the year 2100, with disastrous consequences for water supplies and food production for about two billion people in eight Asian countries, warns a new study.
Failure to observe these regulations will result in penalties.
Failure to water plants will cause them to die.
Failure wasn't in Elias's vocabulary.
Failure will not be tolerated.
Failure, does not discourage us, it allows us to better see our points of weakness so we can succeed.
Failures are a part of life.
Failures are always a part of life.
Failures are always followed by successes.
Failures often spring from ignorance.
Faint footprints in the dust lead off to the east.
Faint grew the sound of the train.
Faint heart never won fair lady.
Fair Florence, the narrow Arno dividing her, the purple Appennines shutting her in the Arno’s fertile valley.
Fair Leda's daughter had a thousand wooers; Then well one more may fair Bianca have.
Fair compensation is essential for maintaining my motivation and productivity in the workplace.
Fair competition is necessary for the healthy growth of industry.
Fair does!
Fair enough!
Fair enough.
Fair girl, be warned, when Christmas comes, reject that pudding stuffed with plums.
Fair is foul, and foul is fair: hover through the fog and filthy air.
Fair point.
Fair trials ensure the legitimacy of holding war criminals accountable.
Fair words butter no parsnips.
Fair words fill not the belly.
Fair, later cloudy.
Fairbairn used to stay there, and Mary would go round to have tea with her sister and him.
Fairies exist only in fairy tales.
Fairy tales always begin the same: once upon a time.
Fairy tales always start the same: Once Upon A Time.
Fairy tales are for children.
Fairy tales usually begin with the sentence "Once upon a time" and end with "...and if they didn't die, then they still live today."
Fairy tales usually start with “once upon a time...” and end with “...and they lived happily ever after”.
Fairy!
Faith always gives us lots of strength.
Faith can move mountains, but I prefer dynamite.
Faith can move mountains.
Faith consists in believing what reason cannot.
Faith could help David.
Faith divides us in belief and unites us in slaughter.
Faith healing is not legitimate.
Faith healing is proven not to work.
Faith is a never-ending pool of clarity, reaching far beyond the margins of consciousness. We all know more than we know we know.
Faith is believing what you know ain't true.
Faith is believing what you know ain’t true.
Faith is certainty without evidence.
Faith is never perfect, but knowledge is.
Faith is not the beginning, but the end of all knowledge.
Faith is subjective idealism.
Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Faith is the force of life.
Faith lets you try the impossible. Doubt, however, deters you even from the possible.
Faith makes all things possible.... love makes all things easy.
Faith moves mountains.
Faith which does not doubt is dead faith.
Faith will move mountains.
Faith works miracles!
Faith, unity, discipline.
Faithfulness is a quiet commitment that remains steadfast, even in the face of difficulties.
Faithfulness is a virtue.
Faithfulness pays.
Fajr is on.
Fake clowns are terrorising people in France.
Fake friends don't care about your feelings.
Fake it till you make it, Tom.
Fake it till you make it.
Fake it until you make it.
Fake news is a huge problem in Algeria as well.
Fake news is the enemy of the people.
Fake news!
Fake news.
Faking.
Falafel is a good source of protein.
Falconry is an old tradition in many parts of the world, including Western Europe, the Middle East and Central Asia.
Falcons are birds of prey.
Falcons are predatory birds.
Fall back!
Fall back.
Fall begins in October.
Fall down.
Fall from reality.
Fall has fallen.
Fall has flown by.
Fall is a good season for reading.
Fall is cool.
Fall is finally coming!
Fall is here.
Fall is late this year.
Fall is my favorite season.
Fall is the best season for sports.
Fall is the best season for us to study.
Fall is the time of harvest.
Fall is when we can study best.
Fall seven times. Stand up eight.
Fall starts in September.
Fall to your knees and bow before me, child.
Fall turned into winter.
Fall weather is fickle.
Fall weather is variable.
Fallen rocks blocked the road.
Fallen rocks blocked the way.
Fallen rocks closed the way.
Fallen rocks cut off the only access to the village.
Falling in love is bittersweet.
Falling in love is easy. Staying in love is something special.
Falling in love is exciting, but it can be a bit scary.
Falling in love is just an extraordinary case of voluntary blindness.
Falling in love is one thing; getting married is another.
Falling in love is the most natural thing in the world.
Falling in love is the one illogical adventure, the one thing of which we are tempted to think as supernatural, in our trite and reasonable world.
Falling in love makes me blue.
Falling in love takes some time.
Falling in love with Tom was a big mistake.
Falling in love with Tom was probably the biggest mistake that Mary had ever made.
Falling in love with Tom was probably the biggest mistake that she had ever made.
Falling in love with Tom was probably the biggest mistake that she'd ever made.
Falling in love with Vladimir was a stupid mistake.
Falling in love with Ziri was a big mistake.
Falling interest rates have stimulated the automobile market.
Falling oil prices since 2014 have aggravated Venezuela's economic crisis.
Falling on ice hurts.
Falling rocks present a danger to climbers.
False Solomon's seal is one of our most undervalued native plants.
False consciousness keeps the ruling class in power.
False friends are pairs of words in two languages that are similar in spelling or pronunciation, but differ in meaning.
False intellectuals are more harmful to knowledge than true idiots.
False is the race of man.
False modesty gets on my nerves a lot.
False narratives are propagated about the Palestinians.
False.
Falsehood is so easy, truth so hard.
Famaillá is the capital of the empanada.
Fame and success don't always walk hand in hand.
Fame does not bear joking, nor does the eye bear keeping faith.
Fame doesn't always go hand in hand with success.
Fame flies, Idomeneus has left the land, / expelled his kingdom; that the shore lies clear / of foes, and homes are ready to our hand.
Fame grows as it travels.
Fame is a magnifying glass.
Fame is fleeting.
Fame is not always accompanied by success.
Fame is not always an accompaniment of success.
Fame is the privilege of being known to those who do not know you.
Fame is the state of being known or discussed by many people, especially for notable achievements.
Fame is the sum of all misunderstandings that gather around a name.
Fame is when those you don't know, and those you do know, don't want to know you.
Fame isn't always accompanied with success.
Famed Argentine cartoonist Joaquín Salvador Lavado, who is known as Quino, is being remembered beyond Latin America for the iconic “Mafalda" comic strip following his death Wednesday at age 88.
Famed British leader Winston Churchill also claimed to see Lincoln’s ghost when he stayed in the Lincoln Bedroom.
Famed for its strong, yet delicate, aroma, Kampot pepper can range from intensely spicy to mildly sweet.
Familiarity breeds contempt and children.
Familiarity breeds contempt.
Familiarize yourself with the interface of the program.
Families and companies across America are improving the energy efficiency of their homes and businesses with help from ENERGY STAR in ways that cost less and help the environment.
Families are adjusting to the new normal.
Families began to have fewer and fewer children.
Families don't have to match.
Families have been destroyed.
Families have been devastated.
Families needed a lot of help on the farm.
Families should live together.
Families thrive when each person's voice is valued.
Families want to educate their children and can, in principle, defray the costs with the greater incomes that education generates.
Families with kids were trapped.
Family always came first for her.
Family board games are a weekend tradition.
Family communication is important.
Family discussions often arise from the films.
Family gatherings create joyful moments.
Family gatherings seem foreign to me now.
Family holds a special place in her heart.
Family is a top priority for her.
Family is crucial for her well-being.
Family is everything to us.
Family is everything.
Family is family.
Family is important.
Family is more important than work.
Family is the basis of everything.
Family is the foundation for everything.
Family makes life worth living.
Family means a lot to Yanni.
Family members should not compete against each other.
Family members were talking about cryptocurrencies.
Family movie nights are a regular affair.
Family movie nights bring everyone together.
Family planning services help families control how many children they have and prevent sexually transmitted disease.
Family should always come first.
Family support is important to her.
Family ties are very important.
Family ties prevailed over love.
Family's more important than work to me.
Famine caused great distress among the people.
Famine followed upon the eruption of the volcano.
Famine is also stalking parts of Sudan due to the 13-month-old war, and Nderitu said access to humanitarian assistance is urgent.
Famine is looming in southern Madagascar and emergency food aid is needed for hundreds of thousands of people to head off a humanitarian disaster on the African island nation, the U.N. World Food Program warned.
Famine stared us in the face.
Famine weakens. Debt causes suffering.
Famous artists are pressed by journalists.
Famous china is on display.
Famous doper Lance Armstrong is claiming that trans women in sports have an unfair advantage.
Famous in his native Turkey for decades, novelist Orhan Pamuk has been awarded the 2006 Nobel Prize in Literature. Orhan Pamuk, 54, is the first Turk to win the coveted prize. In his writing, he explores the complex identity of his country through its culture, traditions, its rich past and its present.
Famous vibraphonist Stefon Harris has recorded at least one balafon solo.
Fan letters lay in a heap on the desk.
Fan out the cards in your hand so you can see them all.
Fan yourself with this.
Fanaticism consists of redoubling your efforts when you have forgotten your aim.
Fanaticism is a monster a thousand times more dangerous than philosophical atheism.
Fanaticism is the highly volatile mix of narrow-mindedness and overactive imagination.
Fancies are like shadows . . . you can't cage them, they're such wayward, dancing things.
Fancy a bite to eat?
Fancy a brew?
Fancy a cup of tea?
Fancy a drink?
Fancy a pint?
Fancy catching some fish together?
Fancy catching some fish together? Join me on a trip.
Fancy forgetting my glasses, it's so embarrassing.
Fancy forgetting my glasses, it’s so embarrassing.
Fancy getting a bite to eat?
Fancy meeting you here at this time.
Fancy meeting you here!
Fancy meeting you here.
Fancy seeing you here!
Fancy seeing you here.
Fancy some green tea?
Fancy to eat at my place?
Fanned by a strong wind, the fire spread in an instant.
Fanned by erratic winds in fuel-choked, tinder-dry forests and scrub, the California blazes have torched 468,467 acres (189,580 hectares) so far this year, destroyed 1,823 homes and structures, and killed at least eight people.
Fanned by the strong wind, the flames spread in all directions.
Fans found guilty of bad behaviour will be fined and excluded from attending future matches.
Fans hate it when players grandstand.
Fans keep coming back for more.
Fans of the original comic had a field day with the myriad continuity issues of the movie adaptation.
Fans of the original will also be satisfied with this live-action adaptation.
Fans of the venerable X-Men comic books (and there are millions around the world) know Wolverine as the most charismatic and enigmatic of the 'mutants' who each have unusual powers. He himself is fuzzy on the details of where he came from: how John Logan became Wolverine with amazing strength and a skeleton of the indestructible metal 'adamantium.' This new film goes back to fill in that origin story.
Fans were convinced the team would manage to bring the cup home for the first time.
Fanta is my favourite soda brand.
Fantasizing about another woman is the first step to infidelity.
Fantastic news - Matthew has woken up from his coma and is doing really well.
Fantastic!
Fantastic! Please feel free to add your version.
Fantastic.
Fantasy Island, an old show about a resort island where fantasies become realized, was on my TV-watching list when I was a child.
Fantasy football is a competition in which participants create imaginary teams from among the actual players in the National Football League (NFL). They score points based on the actual performance of their players in the real games.
Fantasy is based on reality.
Fantasy is often the mother of art.
Far away / he sees the firmament all calm and clear, / and from the stern gives signal. We obey, / and shifting camp, set sail and tempt the doubtful way.
Far away a chiming clock struck out the quarters of the hours, but otherwise a deathly silence lay upon the old house.
Far away across the Pacific lies the American Continent.
Far away across the sea lies the sunny land of Italy.
Far away beyond the pine-woods, there is a little garden. There the grass grows long and deep, there are the great white stars of the hemlock flower, there the nightingale sings all night long. All night long he sings, and the cold crystal moon looks down, and the yew-tree spreads out its giant arms over the sleepers.
Far away from you, I sleep.
Far away we could hear the deep tones of the parish clock, which boomed out every quarter of an hour.
Far be it for me to trouble you, but I must ask you something.
Far be it from me to criticize, but your dress is rather loud.
Far be it from me to suggest you haven't checked your source.
Far be it from me to understand the French.
Far be it from thee to do this thing, and to slay the just with the wicked, and for the just to be in like case as the wicked; this is not beseeming thee: thou who judgest all the earth, wilt not make this judgment.
Far below, the placid waters of the Mediterranean seemed to catch the blue of the sky, keep some of it and fling the rest up heavenward again.
Far better is it to have a stout heart always, and suffer one's share of evils, than to be ever fearing what may happen.
Far better it is to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs even though checkered by failure, than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much because they live in the gray twilight that knows neither victory nor defeat.
Far from being a failure, it was a great success.
Far from being a failure, our negotiation was a great success.
Far from being an empty void, the space around Earth is a jungle of invisible fields and tiny particles. It’s draped with twisted magnetic field lines and swooping electrons and ions.
Far from being bored, I had a great time.
Far from being bored, we had a very good time.
Far from being but the object of their ambiguous relation, Mary was the subject of all Tom's attention.
Far from being but the object of their ambiguous relation, Mary was the subject of all Tom’s attention.
Far from being pleased, my father is very angry.
Far from blaming him, she gave him a reward.
Far from eye far from heart.
Far from eye, far from heart.
Far from falling, the prices of commodities went on rising.
Far from getting better, he gets worse every day.
Far from hesitating, she willingly offered to help me.
Far from irritating my skin it was better than before I used it.
Far from it.
Far from reading the letter, he did not even open it.
Far from reforming his ways, he gets worse every day.
Far from refuting the thesis that race is to blame for lower IQ score, Lynn's data actually supports it.
Far from refuting the thesis that race is to blame for lower IQ score, Lynn’s data actually supports it.
Far from respecting him, I dislike him.
Far from solving the problem, these measures exacerbated it.
Far from stopping, the storm became much more intense.
Far from the road, there was a spring.
Far min hjelpte meg med leksene.
Far more people fear snakes than hummingbirds. This will soon change.
Far off is seen, above the billowy mere, / Trinacrian AEtna, and the distant roar / of ocean and the beaten rocks we hear, / and the loud burst of breakers on the shore; / high from the shallows leap the surges hoar, / and surf and sand mix eddying.
Far off there lies, with many a spacious plain, / the land of Mars, by Thracians tilled and sown, / where stern Lycurgus whilom held his reign; / a hospitable shore, to Troy well-known, / her home-gods leagued in union with our own, / while Fortune smiled.
Far out at sea the water is as blue as the bluest cornflower and as clear as the clearest crystal.
Far out in the sea the water is as blue as the petals of the cornflower, and clear as the purest glass.
Far out upon the plains the lone wolf skulked among the sage and cactus in search of the rabbit and antelope, or lay panting in the scanty shade of the yucca.
Far out.
Far right extremists are much smarter and could be far deadlier than Daesh terrorists.
Far, far away.
Far-right ideology motivates highly organized sane people to commit domestic terrorism.
Far-right people can only win by lying, cheating, and thuggery.
Fare thee well! and if for ever, still for ever, fare thee well.
Farewell Mary, but not goodbye!
Farewell to hunger, long live abundance!
Farewell!
Farewell, Cuba.
Farewell, beloved country!
Farewell, land of my youth!
Farewell, may strength be with you.
Farewell, my friend!
Farewell, my friend.
Farewell.
Farewell. Remember me with favor.
Farid left for work.
Farid lives in the Kabyle village of Meraghna, in Algeria.
Faris and Saiful are close friends.
Farm animals were taken away or killed.
Farm cats are usually feral or semi-feral.
Farm cats generally don't live long.
Farm prices had fallen fifty-five percent.
Farm work requires a lot of physical strength.
Farmed fish are cheaper than wild ones and the taste is only "so-so".
Farmer Jones, however, had the misfortune to have a wife who, before she was Mrs Jones, was very fond of drink.
Farmers always complain about the weather.
Farmers are always at the mercy of the weather.
Farmers are bearing the brunt of the devastation the feral pests leave behind. The pigs are drawn to the sweet taste of sugarcane, while their incessant foraging carves up cultivated land and uproots plants.
Farmers are busy working in the field.
Farmers are still sitting on the fence over which candidate to back.
Farmers are the heart of a country.
Farmers are very busy during the harvest.
Farmers are worried.
Farmers began to move into the county and invest in corn, grains, and cotton.
Farmers buy new seeds every year.
Farmers buy seeds every year.
Farmers cultivate land.
Farmers cultivate the soil.
Farmers defaulting on loans had to auction off their land.
Farmers grew potatoes.
Farmers harvested a bountiful oat crop this season.
Farmers have grown cranberries in this Massachusetts bog for generations.
Farmers have guns in this area.
Farmers have to buy seeds every year.
Farmers have to get used to dealing with the variability of the weather.
Farmers in America face their fifth consecutive year of below-average income.
Farmers in the region are adopting modern irrigation techniques to improve water efficiency.
Farmers in the region planted vineyards on the adret slopes to maximize sun exposure.
Farmers in those five top pumpkin-producing states harvested more than 1 billion pounds of pumpkins in 2018. Of that, more than half came from Illinois.
Farmers made a lucky strike on estates.
Farmers may get frustrated when gleaners damage or treat carelessly the fruits of their labor which they have chosen to donate.
Farmers mow the grass to forage.
Farmers need to boost their yields.
Farmers need to buy seeds every year.
Farmers often moonlight to supplement their incomes.
Farmers planted crops on the fertile adret slopes.
Farmers produce crops.
Farmers raising alpacas for their fleece are a growing segment of the U.S. agriculture industry.
Farmers rebelled against the government.
Farmers separate good apples from bad ones.
Farmers should make sure that they sow quality seeds.
Farmers sow grain seeds in spring.
Farmers sow seeds in the rainy season.
Farmers sow seeds in the spring.
Farmers sow wheat in the spring.
Farmers store vegetables for the winter.
Farmers suffered crop losses from poor weather.
Farmers till the soil with plows.
Farmers today use technology not available to their forebears, to maximise yields from their crops and livestock.
Farmers turn up the soil with plows.
Farmers usually castrate male piglets to prevent them from accumulating a bad taste known as "boar taint." This is often done without anesthetics.
Farmers were doing better.
Farmers work at a rooftop vegetable garden of an industrial building in Hong Kong.
Farmers work hard in the winter, too.
Farmers work hard.
Farmers work in the fields.
Farmers work on the land.
Farmhouses have barns.
Farming is hard work.
Farming is supposed to have let us settle down thousands of years ago.
Farming looks mighty easy when your plow is a pencil and you're a thousand miles from the corn field.
Farmville is only a waste of time.
Farouk Chiali is Algeria's transport minister.
Farragut captured New Orleans without a fight.
Farther from the palace and to its north and south were the commoners, merchants, artisans, and laborers.
Farther on, we came upon a house.
Farting in an elevator is wrong on so many levels.
Farting in public is considered impolite and disrespectful.
Farting in public is viewed as impolite.
Farting is rude.
Fascia is made of connective tissue.
Fascinated by nature’s solutions to complicated mechanical problems, such as birds’ flight, he envisioned contraptions along the lines of the bat’s skeleton.
Fascinating, isn't it?
Fascism and communism as they were realised demonstrate two faces of the same monster.
Fascism is a social pathology to be eradicated at all costs.
Fascism is a system of government that sucks up to business and has no respect for human rights.
Fascism is bad.
Fascism is capitalism in crisis mode.
Fascism is in full swing.
Fascism is rife in this country.
Fascism is the hereditary enemy of every thought, whatever that thought may be.
Fascists are angrier when they win than I am when I lose.
Fascists are enabled by liberals' preference for abstractions over people.
Fascists are globalized.
Fascists avoid creating public outcry by victimizing groups that are already widely despised. Authoritarians cheer genocide as liberals look the other way because they don't want to appear too sympathetic to unpopular causes.
Fascists ban books.
Fascists feel emboldened in Zelensky's Ukraine.
Fascists must present their enemies as simultaneously weak and powerful, ridiculous and menacing, insignificant and an existential threat to the security and stability of the nation.
Fashion changes.
Fashion company Betabrand saw that knitwear was a hot style in sneakers and wanted to quickly jump on the trend.
Fashion designers are breaking with tradition.
Fashion houses around the world are bowing to pressure and using alternatives to real fur amid pressure from animal rights groups and changing tastes of younger customers, who are increasingly aware of the environmental issues linked with the clothes they buy.
Fashion in the eighteenth century emphasized the bosom.
Fashion is a compelling subject for documentaries.
Fashion is a compelling subject for documentaries; few subjects are so enticingly visual.
Fashion is a dictatorship of taste.
Fashion is a fickle mistress.
Fashion is a fickle thing.
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
Fashion is a vicious cycle.
Fashion is an aesthetic crime. It doesn't call for definitive good or definitive beauty. It only ever wants something new.
Fashion is not my speciality.
Fashion is not my specialty.
Fashion is one of the engines of consumer society.
Fashion isn't my specialty.
Fashion models are completely at ease in front of the camera.
Fashion should be fun, not stressful for me.
Fashion trends change too quickly for me.
Fashion was one of the first to adapt to the new house-bound reality, making sweatpants the new American go-to attire.
Fashions change quickly.
Fashions change.
Fashions grow old and die.
Fashions grow old and pass away.
Fashions of thirty years ago have come back in style.
Fast and good rarely go well together.
Fast enough.
Fast food can be addictive.
Fast food is convenient but often unhealthy.
Fast food is not food.
Fast food is unhealthy.
Fast food restaurants can be seen throughout America.
Fast food restaurants can be seen throughout the United States.
Fast forward to the part where they're kissing.
Fast-food restaurant are cropping up everywhere in Algeria.
Fast-moving wildfires scorched around 32,000 hectares of land, leaving pastures charred and smoky.
Fasten it.
Fasten the gate.
Fasten the rope to the tree.
Fasten your seat belt at all times.
Fasten your seat belt when you drive.
Fasten your seat belt while driving.
Fasten your seat belt, please.
Fasten your seat belt.
Fasten your seat belts when you drive a car.
Fasten your seat belts while you are driving.
Fasten your seat belts.
Fasten your seatbelt!
Fasten your seatbelt.
Fasten your seatbelts!
Fasten your seatbelts, guys!
Fasten your seatbelts, it's going to be a bumpy night.
Fasten your seatbelts.
Fasten your seatbelts. It's going to be a bumpy night.
Faster than a turning page. Faster than a baby's yawn. Esperanto Man to the rescue!
Faster than anyone expected, it ended.
Faster!
Faster, Tom.
Faster, higher, stronger!
Faster, higher, stronger.
Faster-than-light, aka superluminal, space travel was not discovered until centuries later.
Faster.
Fastidious tastes will be most charmed with such verses as these.
Fasting and praying don't make you rich.
Fasting during the whole month of Ramadan was really one of the best experiences of my life.
Fasting helps the body cleanse and repair itself.
Fasting in Ramadan is obligatory for every Muslim.
Fasting is an important part of Islam.
Fasting rejuvenates.
Fasting without prayer and repentance is just dieting.
Fat actors don't need to wear fatsuits.
Fat chance he'll get away with it.
Fat chance she'll get away with it.
Fat chance that the thief will be found.
Fat chance.
Fat chicks welcome.
Fat floats on water
Fat hens lay few eggs.
Fat horses never won the contest.
Fat is a derogatory term.
Fat people are cuddly.
Fat people are hard to kidnap.
Fat people are harder to kidnap.
Fat people generally sweat a lot.
Fat people usually sweat a lot.
Fat-free isn't necessarily healthy, as sugary snacks are often labeled this way.
Fatal accidents are common.
Fatal errors arise from carelessness.
Fatalities are extremely rare.
Fatally, the city’s governor allowed public festivities and mass gatherings to continue.
Fate brings us what we don't often wait for.
Fate brought us together.
Fate decreed that we would not see each other again.
Fate didn't allow William to keep that promise.
Fate doesn't make mistakes.
Fate errs not in judgment.
Fate has brought Donald and Jessica together.
Fate has decreed that all lazy boys who come to hate books and schools and teachers and spend all their days with toys and games must sooner or later turn into donkeys.
Fate has laughed at us.
Fate has never favored me positively.
Fate has turned in my favour.
Fate is cruel sometimes.
Fate is not on our side.
Fate is sometimes cruel.
Fate is testing our strength.
Fate is too serious to be left to chance.
Fate is when two people find each other without searching.
Fate laughs at probabilities.
Fate often sends the unexpected.
Fate oppresses her.
Fate shuffles the cards and we play.
Fate shuffles the cards; we play.
Fate smiled upon me.
Fate taught me a hard lesson.
Fate tore us apart.
Fate turned against him.
Fate was kind to me.
Fate, which impacts those in the darkness of ignorance, will not impede those who hail the true glory of God.
Father Christmas has come.
Father Christmas is bringing some presents.
Father Christmas is coming tomorrow. Bye!
Father Christmas is going to bring some presents.
Father Christmas is not for sale.
Father Christmas is really Dad, isn't he?
Father Christmas lives at the North Pole.
Father Christmas lives in Finland.
Father Christmas was here.
Father Christmas will bring some presents.
Father Gabriele Nanni, an exorcist and lecturer of the course, explains why so many people are turning to the occult.
Father Sergius, in the short story by the same name by Lev Nikolayevich Tolstoy, cut off his finger to prevent himself from falling into temptation.
Father Tom is praying in the old chapel.
Father Tom is praying.
Father Zachary drew the necessary and obvious consequence that his patron was enveloped in the toils of Satan, and in danger of destruction, both to body and soul.
Father Zachary urged these perils to the Baron with all the force of monkish rhetoric.
Father abandoned us.
Father absented himself from work yesterday.
Father advanced me a week's allowance.
Father advanced me a week’s allowance.
Father always has the tailor make his suits.
Father always says, "Do your best."
Father and I go fishing once in a while.
Father and brother.
Father and his companion will sow corn on the next hill.
Father and mother together are called parents.
Father and son are very similar in character.
Father and son working together again.
Father asked me to open the door.
Father bought a book for me.
Father bought me a bicycle.
Father bought me a camera.
Father bought me a model plane.
Father bought me a motorcycle.
Father bought me a new bicycle.
Father bought me a new bike.
Father bought me a pair of gloves.
Father bought me a word processor.
Father bought me some books.
Father bought me the book.
Father bought me the latest model motorcycle.
Father bought this house.
Father built me a new house.
Father came home about ten minutes ago.
Father came home.
Father can swim, but Mother cannot.
Father comes home from work about nine in the evening.
Father complains of having been busy since last week.
Father consented to my leaving school.
Father crawls through fire to save daughter, father rushed to hospital.
Father decided to stop smoking.
Father didn't allow me to move back to Kabylie.
Father didn't allow us to go back to Kabylie.
Father does gardening whenever he gets a chance.
Father does not eat much fruit.
Father doesn't allow me to drive.
Father doesn't eat dessert.
Father doesn’t allow me to drive.
Father doesn’t eat dessert.
Father drives to work.
Father embraced Mother lovingly.
Father enjoyed a long life.
Father established his business 40 years ago.
Father fixed the car.
Father found me a good seat.
Father gave an angry look at me.
Father gave me a book for graduation.
Father gave up cigarettes.
Father gestured to me to leave the room.
Father gives Mother all his salary.
Father goes in for the game of Go.
Father goes to his office in Shinjuku every other day.
Father got back from the office at six.
Father got laid off.
Father got me to wash his car.
Father got the drink for nothing.
Father got to his office on time.
Father had his lawyer draw up his will.
Father had his wallet picked in the bus.
Father has 500 volumes.
Father has given up smoking for his health.
Father has gone fishing.
Father has just come home.
Father has lost his job, and what's worse, Mother has fallen ill.
Father has lost his job, and what’s worse, Mother has fallen ill.
Father has never gotten sick in his life.
Father has now got a superior position in his office.
Father has recently come back to Japan.
Father helped me lift the table in the living room.
Father intends to go to abroad next week.
Father is a good person.
Father is angry with me.
Father is anxious about my health.
Father is away from home.
Father is away now.
Father is bathing.
Father is busy looking over my homework.
Father is busy putting up a wall.
Father is busy right now.
Father is busy writing letters.
Father is busy, so I will go instead.
Father is coming home tomorrow.
Father is cooking dinner in the kitchen now.
Father is giving a big apple to his son.
Father is going to undergo an operation.
Father is good at cooking. As for Mother, she is good at eating.
Father is having a bath.
Father is here.
Father is hulling rice.
Father is in Kabylie, visiting family.
Father is in his office.
Father is in the garden now.
Father is in the habit of reading the paper before breakfast.
Father is not here.
Father is now busy writing a letter.
Father is out, but Mother is at home.
Father is proud of his car.
Father is reading the newspaper now.
Father is serving.
Father is sleeping.
Father is still in bed.
Father is the breadwinner. Even his shadow is enough.
Father is the heaviest of my family.
Father is there.
Father is trying to figure out his tax.
Father is very healthy.
Father is very tired.
Father is waiting.
Father is watering flowers.
Father is watering the flowers.
Father is well as usual.
Father isn't at home.
Father keeps a diary every day.
Father kept in touch with us by mail and telephone while he was overseas.
Father laid his hand on my shoulder.
Father lay watching TV.
Father let me drive his car.
Father looked me full in the face.
Father lost his job.
Father made a long tear in his sleeve.
Father made me a model of a ship.
Father made our living room more spacious.
Father makes a point of taking a hot bath before supper.
Father makes sure that all the lights are off before he goes to bed.
Father makes sure that the light is off.
Father manages the store.
Father mostly plays golf on Sunday.
Father named me Kazunari.
Father named me after his aunt.
Father never goes out with an umbrella without leaving it somewhere.
Father never hits me on the head.
Father objected to my going to the mountain alone.
Father often helps me with my homework.
Father often says: "Time is money!"
Father often tells me to keep things clean.
Father omnipotent Eternal who does sustain the spiritual life of man, what say ye? I will strike down the wicked and they will be no more!
Father omnipotent Eternal who does sustain the spiritual life of man,what say ye to a man who mentally destroys a woman. He is no man at all!
Father omnipotent Eternal who does sustain the spiritual life of man,what say ye to a man who raises his hand to a woman. He is no man at all!
Father put up the house for sale.
Father ran short of money and had to borrow some.
Father ran through the paper.
Father ran to the bus stop.
Father reached his office later than usual this morning.
Father reads the newspaper, eating his breakfast.
Father recovered his health.
Father resigned from his position for a better one.
Father roared at me in anger.
Father said no.
Father said to Tom that if he wants to be successful he should set himself some ambitious targets.
Father scolded Junko for coming home so late.
Father seldom comes home before eight.
Father set the alarm for six o'clock.
Father set the alarm for six o’clock.
Father showed him into the study.
Father signalled me to go out of the assembly room.
Father sometimes helps me with my homework.
Father sometimes took me to his office.
Father spoke about how important school will be for finding a job when I am older.
Father still hasn't returned.
Father stopped drinking.
Father suddenly got sick and we sent for a doctor.
Father suggested to go to the movies this afternoon.
Father takes a bus to his office.
Father takes a walk every day.
Father takes the 7:00 subway to work.
Father told me always to be brave and cheerful.
Father told me that World War II ended in 1945.
Father told me to reform myself.
Father told me to wash the car.
Father told us a very interesting story.
Father took a picture of me.
Father took his place at head of the table.
Father took his place at the head of the table and began to say grace.
Father took his place at the head of the table.
Father took us to the zoo yesterday.
Father translated the French document into Japanese.
Father translated the German letter into Japanese.
Father used to read me books in bed.
Father used to say that time is money.
Father used to tell us not to envy others.
Father usually comes home at eight.
Father visited my uncle in hospital.
Father vouched for his friend.
Father wanted me to move to Kabylie to help him.
Father wants me to study abroad while I am young.
Father wants to make me a doctor.
Father was crazy about the game.
Father was generous enough to indulge my every whim.
Father was in a bad mood since he couldn't play golf because of bad weather.
Father was in a bad mood since he couldn’t play golf because of bad weather.
Father was sent to the hospital yesterday.
Father was tormented by my silly question.
Father was trying to correct his mistake.
Father went red with anger when I behaved rudely towards him.
Father went to Detroit to work every year.
Father went to a lot of trouble to prepare dinner for our guests.
Father will be at home tomorrow.
Father will be back in a few days.
Father will come back from Germany before long.
Father will never approve of my marriage.
Father won first prize in the photo contest and was in high spirits.
Father would often read detective stories in his spare time.
Father's bankruptcy was a blot on the family's reputation.
Father's hair has turned gray.
Father, I am guilty.
Father, I have sinned.
Father, I wish to confess.
Father, What were you just doing?
Father, absolve me of my sins.
Father, do sheep have sheep? No, sheep have lambs.
Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do.
Father, remove this cup from me!
Father, save me! I don't want to die! I don't want to die!
Father, today I'm going out with some friends. Of course, that's if you will allow it.
Father, today I'm going out with some friends. That is, of course, if you give me permission.
Father, today I’m going out with some friends. Of course, that’s if you will allow it.
Father, today I’m going out with some friends. That is, of course, if you give me permission.
Father, what did you do?
Father, what were you doing?
Father, when did you marry Mom?
Father, where are you?
Father, where is my glass?
Fatherland or death, we shall overcome.
Fathers and teachers, I ponder, "What is hell?" I maintain that it is the suffering of being unable to love.
Fathers are indeed good to their children!
Fathers aren't the problem.
Fathers hate it when mothers cry. My father hates to see my mother cry.
Fathers in England are getting older.
Fathers in cities spend eight hours in the office and another two hours traveling to and from their work on trains full of people every morning and evening.
Fathers may not die for sons, and sons may not die for fathers: a person must die for their own sin.
Fathers should be neither seen nor heard. That is the only proper basis for family life.
Fathers use the Toki Pona book a lot.
Father’s bankruptcy was a blot on the family’s reputation.
Father’s hair has turned gray.
Fathi Hammad has called for the killing of Jews in the Diaspora without losing his position of power in Hamas, which means they tacitly condone his remarks.
Fati Bensouda started investigating war crimes committed in Afghanistan.
Fati Bensouda's investigation on war crimes committed in Afghanistan wasn't backed by Washington.
Fatigue follows a flight to Europe.
Fatigue got the better of Yanni.
Fatigue is the natural result of overwork.
Fatigue is undermining his health.
Fatigue showed on her face.
Fatigue took over.
Fatigued firefighters battled gusting winds fanning multiple blazes.
Fatima and Aicha are known for their laughter!
Fatima and Aicha are laughers!
Fatima is drunk.
Fatima is the eldest student in our class.
Fatima teaches children Arabic at the library every Thursday.
Fatness isn't contagious, or is it?
Fatphobia does not help fat people lose weight.
Fatphobia is harmful to the health of fat people.
Fats are broken down into fatty acids and glycerol.
Fauci stressed the need to practice social distancing in order to lower rates of spread and allow health practitioners to gain control of the situation.
Faults are thick where love is thin.
Fauns are mythical creatures. There's no way you saw one in the garden.
Favián Lameda makes interesting Spanish-language videos on Social Media about life in San Pedro de la Cueva, Sonora, Mexico.
Favián Lameda's friend "El Pinto" in Sonora looks like he is part-Gringo and part-Native. He has white hair, and he looks strong for his age. He can hop onto a saddle on a horse with ease.
Favoring one gender over another won't win you any friends here.
Favoring one gender over another won’t win you any friends here.
Favoritism is very common in Algeria.
Favoritism needs to stop in Algeria.
Favors and compliments can't not be effective in these sorts of circumstances.
Favors should be done freely and not out of a sense of indebtedness.
Favour is deceitful, and beauty is vain: but a woman that feareth the LORD, she shall be praised.
Favours favoured by those of my favourite people will receive them in plenty.
Fax this to Tom.
Fax this to him.
Fax this to this number in Tokyo, please.
Fayza doesn't want to buy a box of bananas.
Fear God!
Fear God.
Fear always springs from ignorance.
Fear and confusion spread.
Fear and confusion were spreading.
Fear and love are the two universal emotions that drive us all.
Fear and pain are the suffering, after them death is the salvation.
Fear and panic overwhelmed me.
Fear began to spread throughout the group.
Fear breeds bigotry.
Fear can be sweet.
Fear can hinder a student's willingness to participate.
Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear.
Fear can’t stop me from pursuing my passions.
Fear causes aggression in dogs.
Fear comes from the unknown.
Fear controls everyone.
Fear controls everything.
Fear creates barriers to effective communication.
Fear crept into my heart and settled there.
Fear destroys our minds.
Fear diminishes during the day.
Fear does not help when it comes to death.
Fear doesn't avoid danger.
Fear drives him, he plucks up courage and throws himself into the roaring waves; his powerful arms cut through the flow, and his God feels pity.
Fear fell upon her.
Fear gives wings to the feet.
Fear gripped Anna as she laid eyes on a massive spider perched above the living room.
Fear has magnifying eyes.
Fear has many eyes.
Fear has taken over everything.
Fear hath a hundred eyes.
Fear infects and corrupts everything it touches.
Fear instead of sleep stands near, that I close not my eyes.
Fear is a bad adviser.
Fear is a bad counsellor.
Fear is a disease; hope is its only cure.
Fear is a great motivator.
Fear is a natural feeling.
Fear is a suffering produced by the expectation of some evil.
Fear is an adversary that one must face to move forward.
Fear is an enemy we have to face to move forward.
Fear is defined like the expectation of evil.
Fear is essential for survival.
Fear is for your own good. It exists just you don't go in the first row in a battle and get your head chopped off.
Fear is human, courage is forged. Cowardice are those not tested, or those not willing!
Fear is just a feeling; it won't control my actions.
Fear is lack of confidence.
Fear is more harmful than the sharpest of swords.
Fear is not a good adviser.
Fear is not a good advisor.
Fear is one of the most emotions we experience.
Fear is one of the worst emotions there is.
Fear is pain arising from the anticipation of evil.
Fear is scary.
Fear is temporary, but regret can last a lifetime.
Fear is the absence of trust.
Fear is the beginning of wisdom.
Fear is the mind-killer.
Fear is useful, but cowardice is not.
Fear is what keeps them in shape.
Fear is what's keeping you from trying.
Fear leads people to be willing to believe the worst things.
Fear left him speechless.
Fear left, hope came, and then the first real improvements began creeping in.
Fear me not, drunkard.
Fear me!
Fear me, if you dare!
Fear my leet skills!
Fear no more the boss's bark, nor all the union steward's rages.
Fear not because there is nothing to fear.
Fear not for the future, weep not for the past.
Fear not therefore, but whatsoever thou shalt say to me I will do to thee. For all the people that dwell within the gates of my city, know that thou art a virtuous woman.
Fear not, dear parents.
Fear not, for I'm a trained social psychologist.
Fear not, telling the truth.
Fear not.
Fear not: I will feed you and your children.
Fear nothing.
Fear numbs the mind.
Fear of communism was very strong at that time.
Fear of danger is worse than danger itself.
Fear of death is worse than death itself.
Fear of failure holds me back.
Fear of failure prevents many people from reaching their full potential.
Fear of falling caused him to freeze.
Fear of losing power corrupts those who wield it.
Fear of pollution discouraged people from building homes near power plants.
Fear of rejection can prevent us from taking risks.
Fear of serious injury cannot alone justify suppression of free speech and assembly. Men feared witches and burnt women. It is the function of speech to free men from the bondage of irrational fears.
Fear often exaggerates danger.
Fear paralyzes reason.
Fear paralyzes the people.
Fear prevails.
Fear quickly turned into anger.
Fear ran through me.
Fear robbed him of speech.
Fear rules some, hatred others; all other feeling is gone.
Fear seriously harms health if it is unfounded.
Fear takes molehills for mountains.
Fear the gang bang gang.
Fear the revenge of the gherkin!
Fear those who fear you.
Fear took hold of everyone.
Fear took us as we were.
Fear washed across the stock market.
Fear your Lord.
Fear your own shadow.
Fear, shame, and guilt are effective means of manipulating people.
Fear? What is that?
Fearful and on edge, Anna's eyes followed the mantis's every move.
Fearful of disaster, Mary began to hoard food and supplies.
Fearing COVID-19, the EMTs refused to come inside the house.
Fearing is dying a thousand times, it's worse than death.
Fearing neither obstacles, nor ridicule, she acts with integrity according to the ideas she considers correct.
Fearing she would miss the train, she ran to the station.
Fearing “deadly consequences,” human rights groups in the Philippines have expressed dismay after the Supreme Court upheld most provisions of the anti-terror law, which they say is detrimental to the country’s democracy as it threatens human rights.
Fears are growing that disruptions from the coronavirus pandemic will strangle U.S. economic growth and send the country into a recession.
Fears of a global recession mounted this week, as a host of factors combined to send investors retreating to the safest havens they could find and forced policymakers to make plans to counteract a possible global economic slowdown.
Fears of hypotheticals that never materialize don't trump the urgent need to fix a real, concrete problem.
Feast all night and feud in the morning.
Feast all night and fight all day!
Feast all night and sleep all day.
Feast your eyes on this.
Feast your eyes.
Feather pillows are soft and comfortable.
Feathers adorned her costume beautifully.
Feathers are a distinguishing feature of birds.
Feathers are peculiar to birds.
Feathers covered the forest floor.
Feathers danced in the air.
Feathers lined the bird's nest.
Feathers tickled my nose.
Featuring new music by Rihanna and more.
February 12 is Darwin Day.
February 14th is Valentine's Day.
February 2024 saw Russian warplanes falling out of the sky like never before.
February 21st is the International Day of one's Native Language.
February 7th is Northern Territories Day in Japan.
February does not have thirty days.
February has 29 days in a leap year.
February has only 28 days.
February has twenty-nine days in leap years.
February in Greece is not cold.
February is over.
February is shorter than March.
February is the coldest month of the year.
February is the month of lovers.
February is the only month in the year where there are less than thirty days.
February is the second month of the year.
February is the shortest month.
February second is Groundhog Day.
February seventh is Northern Territories Day.
February the ninth is Mary's birthday.
Fecal transplant is an effective treatment for antibiotic-associated diarrhoea.
Feck off.
Feck!
Fed up with his old phone's slow performance, Kalman finally upgraded.
Federal and state health officials are baffled by a mysterious and rare illness that seems to target children, causing paralysis.
Federal budget cuts will take a bite out of Social Security benefits.
Federal departments have been hit with an official hiring freeze in an attempt to bring down government staffing costs.
Federal grants have also contributed to economic growth and stability.
Federal immigration authorities daily apprehend some 7,000 migrants trying to cross the northern Mexican border.
Federal law provides the basis for firearm regulation in the United States, but states and cities can impose regional restrictions.
Federal negotiators reached a compromise.
Federal prosecutors have brought foreign bribery charges against a record number of individuals in 2019, a top Justice Department official said Wednesday.
Federal prosecutors say the suspects peddled stolen information, and a sample of a new soft drink, in the hope of raising as much as $1.5 million.
Federal studies show that only about 30 percent of individuals who start their education at such schools earn a degree.
Federal, state, and community officials immediately pledged to rebuild it.
Federalist leaders denounced Jefferson's policy.
Federalist leaders denounced Jefferson’s policy.
Federalists in Virginia were proud.
Federally regulated financial institutions were generically analyzed to determine their ability to continue to promote essential services in the event of a major earthquake like those that have been postulated for this assessment. The conclusion reached thus far is that large-magnitude earthquakes pose no significant or unanticipated problems of solvency and liquidity for such institutions. The Federal Reserve System and other regulatory entities have procedures in place that are designed—and have been tested—specifically to provide for the continued operation of financial institutions immediately following an earthquake or other emergency.
Federer had a love hold at 2-2.
Federer held at love at 2-2.
Federer held his serve at love at 2-2.
Federer held his serve to love at two all.
Federer held to love at 2-2.
Federico Garcia Lorca is one of my favorite poets.
Federico said that he would help us finish the painting.
Fedora is a Linux distribution.
Feed a cold and starve a fever.
Feed a pigeon, breed a rat.
Feed chickens with seeds.
Feed her!
Feed him some honey, he will get better.
Feed him to the crocodiles.
Feed him to the sharks.
Feed me sentences.
Feed me the rock.
Feed me with your soul.
Feed me your soul.
Feed me!
Feed me, please.
Feed me.
Feed prices keep going up.
Feed that some rice.
Feed the baby first.
Feed the bird!
Feed the bird.
Feed the birds!
Feed the birds.
Feed the chickens.
Feed the dog.
Feed the fish.
Feed the hamster.
Feed the hungry.
Feed the pigeons.
Feed us.
Feed your dog before you go out.
Feed your mind with important information.
Feed yourself better.
Feedback is something without which healthy, long-term communication is impossible.
Feedback is welcomed.
Feeding or attempting to attract wildlife with food, decoys, sound or light disrupts normal feeding cycles, may cause sickness or death from unnatural or contaminated food items, and habituates animals to people.
Feeding pigeons in St Mark's Square is illegal.
Feeding pigeons is prohibited.
Feeding someone during the holy month of Ramadan is very rewarding.
Feel better?
Feel for the pockets of your raincoat.
Feel free to answer the phone if you want.
Feel free to ask any questions.
Feel free to ask for help if you need it.
Feel free to ask if you have questions.
Feel free to ask me for help.
Feel free to ask me questions about anything.
Feel free to ask me questions.
Feel free to ask me!
Feel free to ask us for help.
Feel free to call if you need anything.
Feel free to call me anytime.
Feel free to call me if you need anything.
Feel free to call whenever you like.
Feel free to call whenever you need anything.
Feel free to change the English sentence as you suggested.
Feel free to come by whenever you've got a minute.
Feel free to comment on any point made here.
Feel free to contact me if you have any other questions.
Feel free to contact me.
Feel free to disagree with me.
Feel free to disagree, Tom.
Feel free to disagree.
Feel free to do whatever you like.
Feel free to eat anything in the fridge.
Feel free to eat anything in the refrigerator.
Feel free to get yourself a drink if you are thirsty.
Feel free to have a look around.
Feel free to have a look round.
Feel free to help yourself to some snacks that Tom made earlier.
Feel free to jump in.
Feel free to leave anytime you want to.
Feel free to leave comments below.
Feel free to leave whenever you want to.
Feel free to leave whenever you want.
Feel free to look around.
Feel free to make of that what you will.
Feel free to put heathers and heaths together.
Feel free to reach out to us if you have any questions.
Feel free to reach out to us.
Feel free to say no.
Feel free to send me a message whenever you need something.
Feel free to share your thoughts.
Feel free to sit anywhere you want.
Feel free to sleep on the couch if you don't mind the dog.
Feel free to speak French. Everybody here can understand French.
Feel free to speak German.
Feel free to speak German. Tom understands it a bit.
Feel free to speak in French. Everyone here can understand French.
Feel free to start without me.
Feel free to stay.
Feel free to take some of my mulch.
Feel free to take this.
Feel free to use any of these.
Feel free to use it yourself.
Feel free.
Feel his forehead.
Feel light at heart; feel happy.
Feel my hands.
Feel my heartbeat.
Feel my kisses, darling.
Feel the burn!
Feel the feelings and drop the story.
Feel the power of love through music.
Feel the rhythm and follow the beat.
Feel the rhythm.
Feel the top and see how warm it is.
Feel this muscle.
Feel this towel.
Feel this.
Feel this. It's really soft.
Feel this. It's so soft!
Feel your heart beat!
Feeling a bit sedentary, I took my second walk in the morning of the 8th of November of 2021. By around 10:30, I was at the pizzeria. The pizza vendor was a chunky Hindu Sri Lankan. Then, at the cafe, I was drinking coffee-infused iced oat milk. A couple, both brown-haired, sat at the table across the room. The man in a green jacket, light brown pants, and grey garden clogs was in good shape. I wanted to see him nude. The woman was wearing a red scarf. He was reading a fat book, whilst she was using a tablet computer. A trio of Mandarin-speakers seated themselves at a table next to the couple. A muscular Arab man who was frequent at the cafe entered. Chris the half-English half-Japanese barista in a black shirt with the red-lettered word "PARIS" and in green pants entered.
Feeling a little dizzy, I sat down for a while.
Feeling and seeing you happy makes me happy too.
Feeling bored is a rare occurrence for me.
Feeling chilly, I turned on the heater.
Feeling desperate, Gunter started praying.
Feeling extremely hurt, Antonio pushed his way past Walid and Rima and walked away.
Feeling himself insulted, he got angry.
Feeling hot, I turned on the fan.
Feeling like summer?
Feeling loved is very important to me.
Feeling my way forwards, I found a light switch.
Feeling proud, he crowed about his success.
Feeling refreshed?
Feeling rejected sucks.
Feeling sick, he stayed home from school.
Feeling sick, he stayed in bed.
Feeling sleepy, I went to bed.
Feeling sweaty, Ziri went to the bathroom to wash up.
Feeling the house shake, I ran out into the backyard.
Feeling the house shake, I ran out into the street.
Feeling the house shake, I ran out into the yard at the back of the house.
Feeling the house shake, I ran outside.
Feeling the urge to fish? Let's make it happen!
Feeling the weapon in his hand, Tom noticeably grew bolder.
Feeling tired after his walk in the country, he took a nap.
Feeling tired from walking in the countryside, he took a nap.
Feeling too cool 'cause you're the only one amongst your friends who speaks more than three languages? Fear not. On Tatoeba, we won't think you're cool.
Feeling too cool ’cause you’re the only one amongst your friends who speaks more than three languages? Fear not. On Tatoeba, we won’t think you’re cool.
Feeling unwanted sucks.
Feeling unwell, I stayed at home all day.
Feelings are everything.
Feelings are very fluid and they change.
Feelings aren't facts.
Feelings can lead to physical symptoms.
Feelings don't care about your facts.
Feelings influence physical health.
Feels a bit weird having a king, whose IQ is half compared to yours.
Feels good.
Fees are about to go up.
Feet are there for walking.
Feet off the table!
Feet were tied to hands.
Feet-like Fins is the track featuring the most percussion on Cocteau Twins' Victorialand album.
Felgar said it’s hard to predict when airlines’ use of biofuels will take off, but that developments over the past 7 to 8 years would indicate an “inflection point is coming up.”
Felicity likes watching telly.
Felicity was born an adorable kitten and grew up to be an adorable cat.
Felicja enjoys watching TV.
Felicja is a native of Katowice.
Felicja is married to a handsome man called Lazarz.
Felicja likes to watch TV.
Felicja likes watching television.
Felicja likes watching telly.
Felicja's children think that their father Lazarz is more handsome than Justin Bieber.
Felicja's mother is a Pole of Romanian origin.
Felicja’s children think that their father Lazarz is more handsome than Justin Bieber.
Felicja’s mother is a Polish of Romanian origin.
Felipe bought a modern truck.
Felipe bought milkfish from the fisherman.
Felipe goes to the temple.
Felipe has two cars and one bike.
Felipe has two cars and one motorcycle.
Felipe, Fernando is faster than you, yeah you get it.
Felix Mendelssohn was a German composer, conductor and pianist of the Romantic period.
Felix OK working nights.
Felix absolutely had to be out there for some reason.
Felix abuses his power.
Felix accepted the fact that he was lost.
Felix admired the vast expanses of wilderness.
Felix always wanted to visit the Blida Atlas Mountains.
Felix and Amelia aren't in a relationship anymore.
Felix and Amelia both had jobs.
Felix and Amelia both worked the day shifts.
Felix and Amelia chilled out for another five hours.
Felix and Amelia could barely hear each other.
Felix and Amelia remained as best friends.
Felix and Amelia shared a bed.
Felix and Amelia shared a bottle of wine.
Felix and Amelia were always good friends.
Felix and Amelia were not getting along.
Felix and Amelia were still talking at a loud volume.
Felix and Sandra both looked at each other.
Felix and Sandra made eye contact for a moment and she immediately looked away.
Felix and Sandra showered together to save time.
Felix and Sandra were absolutely inseparable growing up.
Felix and Sandra were four and five at the time.
Felix and Sandra were joking around.
Felix and Sandra were trying to scare each other.
Felix apologized profusely for that.
Felix approached Amelia with a creepy smile.
Felix approached Amelia's house.
Felix arrived home an hour and a half before.
Felix asked Amelia if he needed to call an ambulance for her.
Felix asked Amelia if she was on the island and she said yes.
Felix asked Amelia to keep screaming so that he could help her.
Felix asked Sandra how long it took her to build the sand castle that high.
Felix asked Sandra if she needed a ride.
Felix asked to be let in.
Felix assumed the bag was forgotten by someone.
Felix assured Sandra he was fine.
Felix ate and brushed his teeth.
Felix automatically turned the water off again.
Felix backed out of his parking space.
Felix barely had any homework.
Felix became a little desensitized to scary things.
Felix began desperately screaming for help, hoping that someone would hear him.
Felix began to feel a little uncomfortable.
Felix began to feel a sense of dread wash over him.
Felix began to knock on Sandra's window.
Felix began to scream because he was so scared.
Felix began to see the silhouette of a tall thin man.
Felix began to slam violently on Sandra's windows.
Felix began to walk towards Sandra.
Felix begged Sandra to get out.
Felix begged Sandra to give him her number.
Felix believed in a lot of metaphysical things.
Felix booked it back to the parking lot.
Felix booked it back to town.
Felix booked it to his truck.
Felix bought some milk and granola bars.
Felix broke into Amelia's home during the storm.
Felix brought his wife with him.
Felix brought the truck to a quick halt by slamming on the brakes.
Felix brushed that off.
Felix built sand castles.
Felix called 911 to report a robbery.
Felix called Amelia for an emergency pick up.
Felix called a towing company nearby.
Felix called about the PS3 Amelia listed.
Felix called out Amelia's name, but received no answer.
Felix called out Sandra's name.
Felix called the local police department.
Felix called the towing company Amelia gave him.
Felix called to tell Sandra he was coming.
Felix calmed down pretty fast.
Felix came across an abandoned-looking property.
Felix came back from hiking.
Felix came back in the cabin quickly.
Felix came back to grab something he had forgotten.
Felix came down and killed Amelia.
Felix came down the canal.
Felix came down to see who it was.
Felix came late at night.
Felix came out again.
Felix came out into the front yard to see what Amelia was doing.
Felix came running into the cabin, crying.
Felix came running straight up to Sandra.
Felix came to his son's bedroom.
Felix came to the end of the road.
Felix camps alone in remote areas.
Felix can give Sandra a ride.
Felix caught Amelia down there.
Felix caught whatever he could fit on his small boat.
Felix checked all the doors.
Felix checked under the bed.
Felix chose to go around the building.
Felix comes to get his gas here.
Felix communicated with his legal team.
Felix constantly worries that he isn't amounting to anything, even though he's only a freshman in high school.
Felix constantly worries that he isn’t amounting to anything, even though he’s only a freshman in high school.
Felix contacted Sandra to fix the computer.
Felix contacted the coastguard through the VHF radio.
Felix continued deeper into the bunker.
Felix continued home.
Felix continued to drive normally.
Felix could feel a chill run down his spine.
Felix could feel eyes watching him from the darkness.
Felix could feel his heart pounding in his chest.
Felix could feel something watching him.
Felix could have been murdered that night.
Felix could hear someone laughing.
Felix could make out two female voices.
Felix could only see a few feet in front of him.
Felix could only see about ten feet in front of him.
Felix could potentially damage the place.
Felix could see movement in the shadows.
Felix couldn't call 911.
Felix couldn't come up with any solid evidence that that actually happened.
Felix couldn't even call for help.
Felix couldn't find anybody.
Felix couldn't really make out any of that guy's features.
Felix couldn't see more than five meters in front of him.
Felix crawled under the covers and slept like a baby.
Felix creates a lot of content on TikTok.
Felix crept closer to the tree.
Felix curled up in a ball and cried.
Felix cut the engine.
Felix cut the music.
Felix dashed to the truck.
Felix decided to get up to investigate.
Felix decided to go right there and then.
Felix decided to listen to his gut instead.
Felix decided to run up to the gas station to get some cigarettes.
Felix decided to take his laptop with him.
Felix definitely put a stop to that right away.
Felix detests his job with all his heart.
Felix did exactly that.
Felix did his best to run to the gas station.
Felix did it again.
Felix did some shopping.
Felix didn't backpack.
Felix didn't believe Sandra at first.
Felix didn't black out from lack of oxygen.
Felix didn't even bother checking the place.
Felix didn't even dare go down into the basement.
Felix didn't even figure out what to say.
Felix didn't feel comfortable with that.
Felix didn't have a choice other than to call it a night early.
Felix didn't have anything to do until the next morning.
Felix didn't hear any of that happening.
Felix didn't hear anything else.
Felix didn't hear what Sandra said at first.
Felix didn't know Amelia's husband.
Felix didn't know any Amelia.
Felix didn't know how to read the tarot cards.
Felix didn't know who it was.
Felix didn't look back either.
Felix didn't really do any extracurriculars.
Felix didn't really like this, obviously.
Felix didn't receive payment.
Felix didn't recognize the path he was on.
Felix didn't see anyone in the basement.
Felix didn't stay the next night over.
Felix didn't stick around there.
Felix didn't want Amelia to think he was a wuss.
Felix didn't want Sandra to know where he lived.
Felix didn't want to draw attention.
Felix didn't want to get people sick.
Felix didn't want to refund Amelia.
Felix didn't watch any horror movies that night.
Felix didn't wave back.
Felix docked his boat in Algiers.
Felix doesn't believe in any of that now.
Felix doesn't even remember what day it was exactly.
Felix doesn't have cameras in his backyard.
Felix doesn't know how long his stalker has been watching him.
Felix doesn't know who has been touching his truck.
Felix doesn't really drink.
Felix doesn't speak French.
Felix downloaded TikTok himself.
Felix dropped Amelia off there.
Felix drove back to the tunnel.
Felix drove for a good amount of distance.
Felix drove in the fog.
Felix drove like fifty minutes to the closest Walmart.
Felix drove pretty fast on the dirt path to catch up with Sandra.
Felix drove the truck onto the road.
Felix drove to his rented cabin.
Felix eased into bed with Amelia.
Felix ended up making a wrong turn and waste a solid five hours.
Felix enjoyed boating us around in the lake.
Felix enjoyed the sights on that road.
Felix eventually collapsed from exhaustion.
Felix exited the store.
Felix explored the abandoned army bunker.
Felix faced the woods.
Felix fell backwards.
Felix felt extremely unnerved.
Felix felt like he almost crapped his pants.
Felix felt like the police didn't do their job.
Felix felt screwed.
Felix felt something brush his leg.
Felix finally connected the dots.
Felix finally had his own children.
Felix finally responded.
Felix finished his fifth year of college.
Felix finished loading his truck.
Felix firmly believes that Amelia saved his life.
Felix flashed his gun at Sandra.
Felix flashed his lights.
Felix followed Sandra to the parking lot.
Felix followed the footprints.
Felix found a severed deer head on the trail.
Felix found out what it was.
Felix found the key and let himself in.
Felix found the key under the doormat and let himself into the apartment.
Felix found the man very strange.
Felix gagged from the smell.
Felix gathered some corn leaves.
Felix gave Amelia some alone time.
Felix gave Sandra a call from his car when he arrived.
Felix gave Sandra a necklace made of bones.
Felix got a call from an unknown caller.
Felix got a lot of calls.
Felix got a new phone.
Felix got a random call asking about a girl named Amelia.
Felix got away from Amelia's boat.
Felix got back from the gym.
Felix got back into his idling truck to be in the warmth.
Felix got completely ostracized from his group of friends.
Felix got extremely angry.
Felix got his truck stuck in the mud.
Felix got into the truck and immediately drove off.
Felix got lost in the woods.
Felix got more aggressive.
Felix got out of his truck.
Felix got out of that area.
Felix got to the apartment.
Felix got to the gas station without any problem.
Felix got up to investigate.
Felix grabbed his shovel and started building a sand castle.
Felix grabbed up his gun and went down into the basement.
Felix gradually picked up his speed.
Felix graduated high school in 2004.
Felix grew up in a very poor and very rural family.
Felix had a bad feeling about the situation.
Felix had a beer in his hand.
Felix had a big day ahead.
Felix had a big dog in his apartment.
Felix had a lot of experience on this island.
Felix had a really horrible experience on his camping trip.
Felix had a two-cabin cruiser.
Felix had a very strange experience at Amelia's home.
Felix had a very strong Kabyle accent.
Felix had chickens and animals.
Felix had deep eye sockets.
Felix had his car stereo stolen.
Felix had his first girlfriend at fourteen.
Felix had his snowboarding gear in the back of his truck.
Felix had no cellphone service.
Felix had no food or water left.
Felix had no idea how Amelia got into the apartment.
Felix had no idea how Amelia was able to get his personal information.
Felix had no idea what Sandra was planning.
Felix had no reason to believe that his daughter was in any danger.
Felix had no woman with him.
Felix had no work or school the next day.
Felix had sinister intentions.
Felix had some sort of mental illness.
Felix had to drive much slower.
Felix had to know what was inside the cave.
Felix hallucinated everything.
Felix has a very clear memory of that story.
Felix has actually heard about those guys.
Felix has always been a really cautious creature.
Felix has always been an avid fisherman.
Felix has been found by a search-and-rescue team.
Felix has been in police custody before.
Felix has been trying to find the courage to approach that girl.
Felix has been visiting some friends up north. We live in Algeria.
Felix has five houses in Algeria: one in Algiers, two in Tizi-Ouzou, and two in Bejaia.
Felix has gotten closer.
Felix has grown accustomed to those noises.
Felix has just gotten his truck back from the mechanic.
Felix has never been into fishing.
Felix has never been to that area.
Felix has not returned since.
Felix has only been asleep for something like an hour.
Felix has run out of wood.
Felix has since gone back to school.
Felix has some money stored at home.
Felix has to be home alone.
Felix has to find his own ways to pass the time.
Felix has to have his Pitbull beside him to watch over him.
Felix has to make a ten-minute drive there.
Felix has yet to experience that.
Felix hasn't seen any sign of that strange woman since.
Felix headed back to the truck.
Felix headed out for the road.
Felix heard Amelia yelling for him to call the police.
Felix heard Sandra go downstairs.
Felix heard a blood-curdling cry.
Felix heard a faint murmuring coming from the darkness.
Felix heard a robotic voice saying that the number didn't exist.
Felix heard a scream from down in the basement.
Felix heard a strange sound coming from the other side of the tunnel.
Felix heard a strange whispering from Sandra's room.
Felix heard a train passing in the background.
Felix heard a voice that told him to leave the basement.
Felix heard all of the chickens begin crying out.
Felix heard footsteps in the area around the campsite.
Felix heard his family's minivan pull up in the driveway.
Felix heard it, too.
Felix heard nothing in response.
Felix heard other strange noises starting to erupt from the darkness.
Felix heard some crunching as if something was approaching the cabin.
Felix heard some noises coming from within the basement.
Felix heard someone else on the line.
Felix heard someone pacing back and forth on the porch.
Felix heard something rustling in the high grass.
Felix heard that same crunching again.
Felix heard that scream again.
Felix heard that, too.
Felix heard the back door open and slam shut again.
Felix heard the dogs barking again.
Felix heard the door to the garage open and slam.
Felix heard the garage door open.
Felix heard the master bedroom click shut quietly.
Felix heard the screams in that area.
Felix heard the voice.
Felix heard walking through the woods.
Felix heard what sounded like people walking around.
Felix held what looked like a big knife in his right hand.
Felix hid away in the bushes behind the trees.
Felix hid from his stalker in the middle of the woods.
Felix hid in the first room he found.
Felix hid under the pier.
Felix hiked back to his truck before it was too dark.
Felix hiked through the Blida Atlas Mountains.
Felix hired a lawyer.
Felix hitched a ride with a passing truck.
Felix hoped Amelia hadn't seen him.
Felix hoped the cow would move out of the way.
Felix hurried back into the cabin.
Felix immediately called back: "Please help me!"
Felix immediately started weighing his options.
Felix immediately told that to Sandra.
Felix immediately turned his light on.
Felix insisted I report this to the police.
Felix inspected his truck.
Felix investigated the basement himself.
Felix invited Amelia to come swim in his pool.
Felix invited Sandra to his house.
Felix invited girls who could be his daughters to swim in his pool.
Felix is Caucasian with very dark hair.
Felix is a douche.
Felix is a neighbor from downstairs.
Felix is a slightly paranoid person.
Felix is abusing his power.
Felix is addicted to TikTok.
Felix is always looking for that man and his boat.
Felix is coming to pick Sandra up.
Felix is completely freaked out.
Felix is currently living in Bejaia, Algeria.
Felix is downstairs in Amelia's basement.
Felix is dying to see his girlfriend.
Felix is familiar with that rugged terrain.
Felix is finally mature enough to begin staying at home by himself.
Felix is forty and Amelia is thirty-four.
Felix is going to download TikTok.
Felix is harassing me.
Felix is home alone again.
Felix is home on winter break.
Felix is insulting me.
Felix is my best friend.
Felix is new to the neighborhood.
Felix is probably gone now.
Felix is promoting TikTok.
Felix is still in here.
Felix is still living with his parents.
Felix is the only neighbor Sandra is close with.
Felix is too far away from home.
Felix isn't a cat.
Felix isn't a hunter.
Felix isn't usually easily intimidated.
Felix joined the others outside.
Felix jumped back into his truck.
Felix jumped out of his skin as he heard the bang.
Felix just said no and left.
Felix just stood there by his truck, wondering what to do next.
Felix just wanted a place to stay.
Felix just wanted to talk to Sandra.
Felix kept calling and calling.
Felix kept calling out to Sandra.
Felix kept hearing the noises of the storm.
Felix kept his eyes open.
Felix kept his location private.
Felix kept moving forward.
Felix kept the master bedroom locked.
Felix kept trying to call the cops.
Felix kept watching Amelia.
Felix kicked Amelia's leg under the water and winked.
Felix kicked Sandra's sand castles all down.
Felix kicked every single sand castle down.
Felix knew Sandra would be there alone.
Felix knew exactly what Amelia meant.
Felix knew he had to see the Blida Atlas Mountains for himself.
Felix knew he was in grave danger.
Felix knew he was safe.
Felix knew he wasn't allowed to cross the street.
Felix knew the names of all of Amelia's family members.
Felix knows Sandra is paranoid.
Felix left a hairball in my shoe.
Felix left as soon as he saw the cops arrive.
Felix left his apartment a little bit late.
Felix left immediately after he said hello.
Felix left right after.
Felix left several more voice mails.
Felix left the forest and went straight home.
Felix left the house and called 911.
