I just started to learn French.
I just started today.
I just started using this site a little while ago.
I just started working here last week.
I just started working here today.
I just started working here yesterday.
I just started working here.
I just stay inside now.
I just stayed at home and watched TV.
I just stayed in Australia for three days.
I just stayed in Boston for three days.
I just stayed put.
I just stayed quiet.
I just stayed where I was.
I just stole something from Tom.
I just stood in front of the shop window without any money.
I just stood there and didn't say anything.
I just stood there like an idiot and couldn't say anything.
I just stood there, waiting for Tom to come.
I just stood there.
I just stopped by to give you something.
I just stopped by to pay my respects.
I just stopped by to pick something up.
I just stopped by to say hello.
I just stopped by to say hi.
I just stopped by to see if you were OK.
I just stopped by to wish you luck.
I just stopped.
I just stubbed my toe.
I just subscribed to your YouTube channel.
I just take it one day at a time.
I just take my life day by day.
I just talk to myself.
I just talked to Tom three hours ago.
I just talked to Tom.
I just talked to her.
I just talked to him.
I just talked to the person in charge.
I just talked to them.
I just talked to your teacher and I am very proud of you. You are a very good student.
I just talked with Tom.
I just talked with her.
I just talked with him.
I just talked with them.
I just tell her: I love you.
I just tell it like it is, Tom.
I just tell people what they want to hear.
I just tell the truth.
I just texted Tom.
I just thank God that I'm free.
I just think I should try.
I just think I shouldn't argue with Tom.
I just think Tom was drunk.
I just think differently.
I just think it's disgusting.
I just think it's funny.
I just think it's the right thing to do.
I just think it's wrong.
I just think that Tom should be able to go where he wants to go.
I just think that this is happening too soon.
I just think that's so sad.
I just think we need to be extra careful.
I just think we'll have to make haste to catch up our train right on time.
I just think you should be careful, that's all.
I just think you should be more careful, that's all.
I just think you're getting worked up over nothing.
I just thought I could make some money if I sold some of my old things that I didn't want anymore.
I just thought I heard your voice.
I just thought I might be able to help.
I just thought I should double check.
I just thought I'd ask.
I just thought I'd call and check.
I just thought I'd check and see.
I just thought I'd drop by.
I just thought I'd go for a run.
I just thought I'd let you know.
I just thought I'd mention it.
I just thought I'd stretch my legs.
I just thought I'd take a walk.
I just thought Tom might listen to you.
I just thought Tom might talk some sense into Mary.
I just thought it might buy me some time.
I just thought it was fascinating.
I just thought it wasn't necessary to do that.
I just thought it would a good thing to do.
I just thought it would help.
I just thought it would save time.
I just thought maybe you'd like to give it a try.
I just thought of a great idea.
I just thought of a wonderful idea.
I just thought of something else I have to buy.
I just thought of something else we need to do.
I just thought of something else.
I just thought of something really interesting.
I just thought of something.
I just thought that I might be able to help.
I just thought that I'd go for a run.
I just thought that I'd take a walk.
I just thought that it might buy me some time.
I just thought that was the right thing to do.
I just thought that we could make up.
I just thought that you didn't want to come.
I just thought that you might want something to eat.
I just thought that you might want to eat something.
I just thought that you might want to go home and be with your family.
I just thought that you might want to have this back.
I just thought that you might want to talk to Tom.
I just thought that you were bored.
I just thought that you wouldn't want to go.
I just thought this might be helpful.
I just thought we could make up.
I just thought you didn't want to come.
I just thought you might like it.
I just thought you might want something to eat.
I just thought you might want to eat something.
I just thought you might want to go skiing with us.
I just thought you might want to go, that's all.
I just thought you might want to talk.
I just thought you should know.
I just thought you were bored.
I just thought you were happy.
I just thought you would have known better than to risk inflaming my wrath.
I just thought you'd be more patient.
I just threw it away.
I just threw it out the window.
I just threw on whatever I could find.
I just threw up a bit in my mouth.
I just threw up.
I just told Mary that I wanted her to help clean the garage.
I just told Mary that I wanted to help her clean the garage.
I just told Mary that she didn't have to help me on Monday.
I just told Mary that she doesn't have to help me on Monday.
I just told Mary what time she needs to be here.
I just told Mary why I didn't like her.
I just told Tom about my promotion.
I just told Tom and Mary that I wanted them to help clean the garage.
I just told Tom and Mary that they didn't have to help me on Monday.
I just told Tom and Mary that they don't have to help me on Monday.
I just told Tom and Mary what time they need to be here.
I just told Tom and Mary why I didn't like them.
I just told Tom he doesn't have to help me on Monday.
I just told Tom that I wanted him to help clean the garage.
I just told Tom that I wanted to help him clean the garage.
I just told Tom that he didn't have to help me on Monday.
I just told Tom that he doesn't have to help me on Monday.
I just told Tom that he should go out and buy something to eat.
I just told Tom the truth.
I just told Tom to leave Mary alone.
I just told Tom we're dating.
I just told Tom what I did.
I just told Tom what time he needs to be here.
I just told Tom why I didn't like him.
I just told Tom.
I just told everybody that we need their help.
I just told everybody the good news.
I just told her the truth.
I just told her we're dating.
I just told her.
I just told him the truth.
I just told him we're dating.
I just told him.
I just told my teacher I hated her.
I just told the truth.
I just told them about it here, hey!
I just told them the truth.
I just told them we're dating.
I just told you something I've never told anyone else.
I just told you. Are you deaf?
I just took Tom's word for it.
I just took a bath.
I just took a bite from a wormy apple.
I just took a screenshot.
I just took a shit.
I just took a shower.
I just took it for granted that you would always be there for me no matter what.
I just took it.
I just took my dad to the airport.
I just took some money out at the ATM.
I just took up learning Spanish.
I just touched a snake.
I just transferred from Australia.
I just transferred from Boston.
I just translate the sentence, but I can't identify with it.
I just tried a new bike.
I just tried calling you.
I just tried not to mess it up.
I just tried to get through it.
I just tried to have fun.
I just tried to stay focused.
I just trust them and they put the money in and it all works out, and actually, sometimes I think I have more money than what I should have.
I just try it.
I just try not to think about it.
I just try to do the best I can.
I just try to do what I can.
I just try to make things happen.
I just turned 20 and my younger sister will turn 13 next month.
I just turned around and Tom was gone.
I just turned five years old.
I just turned in my application.
I just turned seventeen.
I just turned thirty.
I just tweeted nonsense.
I just uncorked a bottle of wine.
I just understood what he wanted.
I just uploaded a new video.
I just use a credit card whenever I need to pay for something.
I just use a spoon to scoop out my ice cream instead of using an ice cream scoop.
I just verified that.
I just vomited.
I just walked home.
I just walked in.
I just wanna be by your side.
I just wanna find Fadil.
I just wanna go to Algeria.
I just wanna nose around a bit.
I just wanna play with you.
I just wanna strip my clothes off!
I just want $30.
I just want Mary to know that we'll miss her.
I just want Tom and Mary to know that we'll miss them.
I just want Tom and Mary.
I just want Tom back.
I just want Tom to be happy.
I just want Tom to get well.
I just want Tom to go away.
I just want Tom to graduate.
I just want Tom to hear the truth.
I just want Tom to know that we'll miss him.
I just want Tom to know we'll miss him.
I just want Tom to leave me alone.
I just want Tom to love me.
I just want Tom's address.
I just want Tom.
I just want a brandy.
I just want a championship.
I just want a clear answer.
I just want a drink.
I just want a fair deal.
I just want a fair share.
I just want a fresh start.
I just want a good job.
I just want a hug.
I just want a job.
I just want a kiss.
I just want a little help.
I just want a little more coffee.
I just want a little more excitement in my life.
I just want a little more freedom to make my own decisions.
I just want a little more information.
I just want a little more of that.
I just want a little more relaxation.
I just want a little more sleep.
I just want a little more space.
I just want a little more time.
I just want a little more variety in my life.
I just want a little more.
I just want a normal life.
I just want a place that's near the beach and the city centre.
I just want a quiet drink.
I just want a quiet life.
I just want a salad.
I just want a straight answer. Nothing more.
I just want a trim.
I just want a vacation.
I just want all this to be over, you know.
I just want an affordable place to live.
I just want an answer to my question.
I just want an apology.
I just want answers.
I just want clarification.
I just want everybody to get along.
I just want everybody to like each other.
I just want everybody to live.
I just want everyone to get along.
I just want everything to be like it was before.
I just want her to be happy.
I just want her to feel well.
I just want her to get well.
I just want her to go away.
I just want her to have a better life.
I just want her to love me.
I just want him to be happy.
I just want him to get well.
I just want him to go away.
I just want him to leave me alone.
I just want him to love me.
I just want it over and done with.
I just want it the way it was.
I just want it to actually happen.
I just want it to be over as soon as possible.
I just want it to be special.
I just want it to stop.
I just want it.
I just want lettuce.
I just want life to be like it was before.
I just want money.
I just want my baby back.
I just want my career back.
I just want my dad to be better.
I just want my dad to get better.
I just want my family back.
I just want my father to be better.
I just want my job back.
I just want my life back.
I just want my past to go away.
I just want my wife back.
I just want one bottle of water.
I just want out of here.
I just want peace in this house.
I just want peace.
I just want people to be careful.
I just want people to go to bed with a satiated tummy.
I just want people to like it.
I just want people to like me.
I just want pizza.
I just want some advice.
I just want some alone time.
I just want some answers.
I just want some bacon, that's all.
I just want some clothes.
I just want some coffee.
I just want some company.
I just want some crackers.
I just want some food.
I just want some fresh air.
I just want some information.
I just want some ketchup.
I just want some lettuce.
I just want some peace and quiet.
I just want some privacy.
I just want some sleep now.
I just want some sleep.
I just want some souvenirs to remember this place by.
I just want some space.
I just want some time alone.
I just want some time.
I just want some water.
I just want someone to talk to.
I just want someone to talk with.
I just want something to eat.
I just want something to read.
I just want the facts.
I just want the money.
I just want the situation resolved.
I just want the truth.
I just want them both to be happy.
I just want them to be happy.
I just want them to get well.
I just want them to love me.
I just want things to be normal.
I just want this day to be over.
I just want this headache to go away.
I just want this never to happen again.
I just want this one.
I just want this pain to go away.
I just want this to be over.
I just want this to go well.
I just want this to never happen again.
I just want this.
I just want to add something to what is been said, this problem needs a solution.
I just want to add something.
I just want to amplify my understanding of the world.
I just want to apologize for last night.
I just want to apologize.
I just want to ask Tom a few questions.
I just want to ask you a few questions.
I just want to ask you a question.
I just want to ask you some questions.
I just want to ask you something without the others hearing us.
I just want to ask you what your experience has been like.
I just want to be Tom's friend.
I just want to be a good father.
I just want to be a good neighbor.
I just want to be a good person.
I just want to be a kitten.
I just want to be a little happier.
I just want to be a normal person.
I just want to be a part of it.
I just want to be a woman.
I just want to be able to support my family and myself.
I just want to be able to visit my children whenever I want to.
I just want to be accepted for who I am.
I just want to be alone for a while.
I just want to be alone right now.
I just want to be alone.
I just want to be by your side.
I just want to be careful.
I just want to be certain it's OK.
I just want to be certain that it's OK.
I just want to be certain that you know what you're supposed to do.
I just want to be certain that you won't mind if I do that.
I just want to be certain that you won't mind if I leave early.
I just want to be certain that you'll be there.
I just want to be certain you know what you're supposed to do.
I just want to be certain you won't mind if I do that.
I just want to be certain you won't mind if I leave early.
I just want to be certain you'll be there.
I just want to be clear.
I just want to be comfortable.
I just want to be cool.
I just want to be different.
I just want to be fair.
I just want to be free.
I just want to be friends.
I just want to be happy.
I just want to be healthy.
I just want to be helpful.
I just want to be her friend.
I just want to be his friend.
I just want to be left alone for a while.
I just want to be left alone.
I just want to be loved for who I am.
I just want to be loved.
I just want to be near you.
I just want to be normal like everyone else.
I just want to be normal.
I just want to be perfect.
I just want to be prepared.
I just want to be ready.
I just want to be safe.
I just want to be sure.
I just want to be told what to do.
I just want to be with you.
I just want to be your friend, nothing more.
I just want to be your friend.
I just want to blend in.
I just want to broaden my understanding of the world.
I just want to catch someone talking trash about me around the corner.
I just want to catch someone talking trash about my life around the corner.
I just want to chat.
I just want to check it out.
I just want to check on something.
I just want to check something.
I just want to chill.
I just want to clarify that.
I just want to clear my name.
I just want to come home.
I just want to crawl into a hole and die.
I just want to crawl into a hole and hide.
I just want to crawl into a hole and never come out.
I just want to crawl into bed and get some sleep.
I just want to cry.
I just want to dance.
I just want to die.
I just want to disappear.
I just want to do God's will.
I just want to do better.
I just want to do my job.
I just want to do something fun.
I just want to do the right thing.
I just want to do what I can to help.
I just want to drink wine.
I just want to eat something.
I just want to eat.
I just want to enjoy life.
I just want to enjoy this moment of bliss.
I just want to feel something.
I just want to feel your love.
I just want to find Tom.
I just want to find a cab.
I just want to find her.
I just want to find him.
I just want to find my dog.
I just want to find out how this happened.
I just want to find out the truth.
I just want to find out what happened to Tom.
I just want to find out what happened.
I just want to find out what's going on here.
I just want to find out what's going on.
I just want to find out why.
I just want to find the right guy.
I just want to find them.
I just want to finish the job.
I just want to finish this and leave.
I just want to finish this today.
I just want to fit in.
I just want to forget about it.
I just want to forget about the whole thing.
I just want to fuck you and then fall asleep with you in my arms for a couple of hours.
I just want to get Tom home safely.
I just want to get a drink.
I just want to get a little fresh air.
I just want to get away.
I just want to get back to work.
I just want to get better.
I just want to get even.
I just want to get everyone home.
I just want to get home safe and sound.
I just want to get home.
I just want to get it over with.
I just want to get lost in the mountains and reach a green meadow where I can lie down, look at the clouds and listen to the birds.
I just want to get married.
I just want to get my daughter back safely, that's all.
I just want to get my feelings out.
I just want to get my work done.
I just want to get off this bus.
I just want to get off this island.
I just want to get on with my life.
I just want to get out of Australia.
I just want to get out of Boston.
I just want to get out of here as quickly as I can.
I just want to get out of here before something bad happens.
I just want to get out of here.
I just want to get over it.
I just want to get paid.
I just want to get rid of it.
I just want to get some sleep.
I just want to get something to eat.
I just want to get this over with.
I just want to get this paragraph right.
I just want to get this thing over with as quickly as possible.
I just want to get through this in one piece.
I just want to get to know you better.
I just want to get warm.
I just want to give you a big hug.
I just want to glance at the paper.
I just want to go back home.
I just want to go back to bed.
I just want to go back to class.
I just want to go back.
I just want to go bowling.
I just want to go home and get some sleep.
I just want to go home and see my wife and the kids.
I just want to go home and sleep.
I just want to go home.
I just want to go over this one more time.
I just want to go to a hot spring and relax.
I just want to go to bed.
I just want to go to heaven.
I just want to go to school.
I just want to go to sleep.
I just want to go to work.
I just want to go.
I just want to hang out with you.
I just want to hang out.
I just want to have a good time.
I just want to have a little fun.
I just want to have a look around.
I just want to have a normal date.
I just want to have a normal life.
I just want to have fun today.
I just want to have fun tonight.
I just want to have fun.
I just want to hear the story.
I just want to hear you say that again.
I just want to hear you sing one more time.
I just want to hear you talk about it.
I just want to hear your reasons.
I just want to help Tom.
I just want to help fix the problem.
I just want to help her.
I just want to help him.
I just want to help out.
I just want to help people.
I just want to help them.
I just want to help you relax.
I just want to help you, maybe I can call a cab for you.
I just want to help you.
I just want to help, OK?
I just want to help.
I just want to hibernate.
I just want to hold her hand.
I just want to hold you.
I just want to hop into my boat and sally forth into the great blueness.
I just want to hug Tom.
I just want to hug you.
I just want to humiliate Tom.
I just want to humiliate her.
I just want to humiliate him.
I just want to humiliate them.
I just want to improve as much as I can.
I just want to keep doing that.
I just want to keep doing this.
I just want to keep on doing that.
I just want to keep on writing.
I just want to keep things nice and simple.
I just want to keep you safe.
I just want to kiss you.
I just want to know Tom is safe.
I just want to know how far we're going.
I just want to know if I'm right.
I just want to know if Tom is OK.
I just want to know if Tom is all right.
I just want to know if Tom's all right.
I just want to know if it's true.
I just want to know if she will listen to the recording I sent her now.
I just want to know if you love me.
I just want to know if you're hungry.
I just want to know one thing.
I just want to know that Tom and Mary are safe.
I just want to know that Tom is safe.
I just want to know what I'm getting into.
I just want to know what I'm getting involved with.
I just want to know what Tom said.
I just want to know what actually happened.
I just want to know what happened.
I just want to know what time I'm supposed to pick Tom up.
I just want to know what to expect.
I just want to know what you did this morning.
I just want to know what you think.
I just want to know what's going on.
I just want to know where Tom and Mary are.
I just want to know where Tom is.
I just want to know where you are.
I just want to know where you're from.
I just want to know who's in the room.
I just want to know why I have to do it.
I just want to know why Tom and Mary aren't here.
I just want to know why Tom isn't here.
I just want to know why Tom left.
I just want to know why you brought me here.
I just want to know why you didn't come over to help yesterday.
I just want to know why you left so early.
I just want to know why.
I just want to know.
I just want to lead a quiet life.
I just want to learn.
I just want to leave.
I just want to let everybody know that Tom is safe.
I just want to let you know I can't attend this afternoon's meeting.
I just want to let you know I think that you're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
I just want to let you know I think that you're the most beautiful woman that I've ever seen.
I just want to let you know I think you're the most beautiful woman that I've ever seen.
I just want to let you know I'll be late tomorrow morning.
I just want to let you know that I can't attend this afternoon's meeting.
I just want to let you know that I can’t attend this afternoon’s meeting.
I just want to let you know that I think that you're the most beautiful woman that I've ever seen.
I just want to let you know that I think you're the most beautiful woman that I've ever seen.
I just want to let you know that I think you’re the most beautiful woman that I’ve ever seen.
I just want to let you know that I won't let you down.
I just want to let you know that I won’t let you down.
I just want to let you know that I'll be late tomorrow morning.
I just want to let you know that I’ll be late tomorrow morning.
I just want to let you know that if I die today, I'll haunt you for the rest of your life.
I just want to let you know that the police are at your door.
I just want to listen.
I just want to live a normal life.
I just want to live a quiet life.
I just want to live simply and happily, without troubles.
I just want to look at him.
I just want to look at it, that's all.
I just want to look at it.
I just want to look at what Tom wrote.
I just want to make Tom happy.
I just want to make Tom proud of me.
I just want to make enough money to feed my family.
I just want to make it home in one piece.
I just want to make it up to you.
I just want to make sure Tom and Mary are all right.
I just want to make sure Tom is all right.
I just want to make sure it's not poison.
I just want to make sure that Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I just want to make sure that doesn't happen again.
I just want to make sure that his offer has no strings attached.
I just want to make sure that you're prepared for this.
I just want to make sure that you're prepared.
I just want to make sure these shoes fit.
I just want to make sure this isn't poison.
I just want to make sure we all agree.
I just want to make sure we're all on the same page.
I just want to make sure we're doing this the right way.
I just want to make sure you live up to your end of the bargain.
I just want to make sure you're prepared for this.
I just want to make sure you're prepared.
I just want to make them proud of me.
I just want to make you as happy as you want to make me.
I just want to make you happy.
I just want to make you so happy!
I just want to marry Tom.
I just want to play tennis.
I just want to play well.
I just want to put it all behind me.
I just want to put it all behind us.
I just want to quit.
I just want to rant a little bit.
I just want to read the news.
I just want to read.
I just want to relax a bit.
I just want to relax and do nothing.
I just want to relax and listen to some music.
I just want to relax in the park and read a book.
I just want to relax today.
I just want to relax.
I just want to remind you that this wasn't my idea.
I just want to rest today.
I just want to rest.
I just want to return the favor to you.
I just want to save Earth.
I just want to save the planet.
I just want to say I believe you.
I just want to say I love you.
I just want to say I'm glad that you're here.
I just want to say I'm glad you're here.
I just want to say I'm sorry.
I just want to say good luck.
I just want to say hello.
I just want to say how thankful I am for all your help.
I just want to say thank you.
I just want to say thanks to you all.
I just want to say that I believe you.
I just want to say that I was wrong.
I just want to say that I'm glad that you're here.
I just want to say that I'm glad you're here.
I just want to say you did a good job.
I just want to see Tom squirm.
I just want to see Tom's reaction.
I just want to see Tom.
I just want to see her reaction.
I just want to see her.
I just want to see him.
I just want to see his reaction.
I just want to see how it works.
I just want to see if I can do that.
I just want to see if Tom is OK.
I just want to see if Tom plans to come to our party.
I just want to see if he really loves me.
I just want to see if it works.
I just want to see my children.
I just want to see my daughter.
I just want to see my daughters.
I just want to see my family.
I just want to see my father.
I just want to see my son.
I just want to see the kids.
I just want to see them.
I just want to see what happens.
I just want to see what it's like.
I just want to see what will happen.
I just want to see what's going on.
I just want to see whether I can do that.
I just want to see you happy.
I just want to see you smile.
I just want to see you.
I just want to see your smile, is all.
I just want to see your smile, that's all.
I just want to share this with the world.
I just want to sing.
I just want to sit around here a while and listen to the birds chirping.
I just want to sit down.
I just want to sit here and think.
I just want to sit here.
I just want to sit in a corner and cry.
I just want to sit on the beach and relax for a week.
I just want to ski.
I just want to sleep for a few hours.
I just want to sleep in a nice soft bed.
I just want to sleep!
I just want to sleep.
I just want to snuggle.
I just want to spend a quiet evening at home.
I just want to spend time with Tom.
I just want to spend time with you.
I just want to stay here for a couple of hours.
I just want to stay here for another three hours.
I just want to stay here.
I just want to stay in the car.
I just want to stay with you a little while longer.
I just want to stay.
I just want to support you.
I just want to surf.
I just want to take a look.
I just want to take a picture.
I just want to take a quick look.
I just want to take off my bra.
I just want to talk a minute.
I just want to talk a while with you.
I just want to talk about an issue that concerns teachers and students.
I just want to talk to Tom.
I just want to talk to them.
I just want to talk to you.
I just want to talk with you a little while.
I just want to talk.
I just want to tell Tom before somebody else does.
I just want to tell Tom something.
I just want to tell all of you how much I enjoyed being here.
I just want to thank Tom.
I just want to thank you for all of your help.
I just want to thank you for all your help.
I just want to thank you for your help.
I just want to thank you.
I just want to try it on.
I just want to try new things.
I just want to understand what's going on.
I just want to visit Tom.
I just want to visit her.
I just want to visit him.
I just want to visit them.
I just want to wait for a few more minutes.
I just want to walk again.
I just want to watch a little television.
I just want to watch this.
I just want to win, that's all.
I just want to win.
I just want to wish you a merry Christmas.
I just want to zero in on this.
I just want tonight to be special.
I just want us to be friends again.
I just want us to be together.
I just want us to stay together.
I just want water.
I just want what I was promised.
I just want what everyone wants.
I just want what's best for Tom.
I just want what's best for us.
I just want what's best for you.
I just want what's mine.
I just want you all to know that you can depend on me.
I just want you all to know you can depend on me.
I just want you and me to be happy.
I just want you back.
I just want you close by.
I just want you out of my house.
I just want you out of my life.
I just want you to accept me for who I am.
I just want you to agree.
I just want you to be OK.
I just want you to be happy.
I just want you to be involved.
I just want you to be prepared.
I just want you to be safe.
I just want you to come back.
I just want you to come.
I just want you to consider the possibility that you are wrong.
I just want you to consider the possibility that you're wrong.
I just want you to consider the possibility you're wrong.
I just want you to do your best.
I just want you to get well soon.
I just want you to get well.
I just want you to give me back that book you borrowed a few days ago.
I just want you to go away.
I just want you to have it.
I just want you to know I don't believe you.
I just want you to know I forgive you.
I just want you to know I know.
I just want you to know I really like you.
I just want you to know I really love you.
I just want you to know I regret doing that.
I just want you to know I regret it.
I just want you to know I won't be able to attend your wedding.
I just want you to know I won't be able to come to your picnic.
I just want you to know I'm here for you.
I just want you to know I'm sorry.
I just want you to know Tom is safe.
I just want you to know how much I appreciate this.
I just want you to know how sorry I am.
I just want you to know that I don't believe you.
I just want you to know that I forgive you.
I just want you to know that I know.
I just want you to know that I love you.
I just want you to know that I really like you.
I just want you to know that I really love you.
I just want you to know that I regret doing that.
I just want you to know that I regret it.
I just want you to know that I won't be able to attend your wedding.
I just want you to know that I won't be able to come to your picnic.
I just want you to know that I'm here for you.
I just want you to know that I'm sorry.
I just want you to know that Tom and Mary are safe.
I just want you to know that Tom is safe.
I just want you to know that you can depend on me.
I just want you to know you can depend on me.
I just want you to leave me alone.
I just want you to leave.
I just want you to listen to me.
I just want you to listen.
I just want you to love me.
I just want you to make a good first impression.
I just want you to quit talking for a minute.
I just want you to relax.
I just want you to remember this feeling.
I just want you to scare Tom.
I just want you to scare her.
I just want you to scare him.
I just want you to scare them.
I just want you to shut up.
I just want you to stay.
I just want you to tell Tom what you told me.
I just want you to tell me the truth. I'm tired of your lies.
I just want you to tell me where Tom and Mary are.
I just want you to tell me where Tom is.
I just want you to tell me why you lied.
I just want you to think about it.
I just want you to think about me once in a while.
I just want you to think about that.
I just want you to turn around and look at me.
I just want your love.
I just wanted Mary to love me.
I just wanted Tom to be happy.
I just wanted Tom to calm down.
I just wanted Tom to like me.
I just wanted Tom to shut up.
I just wanted a coffee.
I just wanted a little time alone.
I just wanted a shoulder to cry on.
I just wanted an opportunity.
I just wanted another chance.
I just wanted cash.
I just wanted clarification.
I just wanted her to be happy.
I just wanted him to be happy.
I just wanted it to be a surprise.
I just wanted it to be done.
I just wanted it to be over with.
I just wanted it to be over.
I just wanted my old life back.
I just wanted one.
I just wanted people to like me.
I just wanted some advice from somebody who's already been to Australia.
I just wanted some advice from someone who's already been to Australia.
I just wanted some advice from someone who's already been to Boston.
I just wanted some air.
I just wanted some alone time.
I just wanted some peace and quiet.
I just wanted somebody to help me.
I just wanted someone who'd talk to me.
I just wanted the best for you.
I just wanted thirty dollars.
I just wanted to apologize.
I just wanted to ask Tom something.
I just wanted to ask a question.
I just wanted to ask you a few questions.
I just wanted to ask you a question.
I just wanted to be alone.
I just wanted to be by myself for a while.
I just wanted to be happy.
I just wanted to be helpful in as many ways as possible.
I just wanted to be left alone.
I just wanted to be near you.
I just wanted to be noble.
I just wanted to be normal.
I just wanted to be popular.
I just wanted to be sure.
I just wanted to be with Tom.
I just wanted to be with her.
I just wanted to be with him.
I just wanted to be with them.
I just wanted to be with you forever.
I just wanted to be with you.
I just wanted to be your friend, nothing more.
I just wanted to call my mom.
I just wanted to call you and let you know I'd be late.
I just wanted to call you and let you know that I'd be late.
I just wanted to calm Tom down.
I just wanted to check my email.
I just wanted to check to see how you're doing.
I just wanted to check to see if you're OK.
I just wanted to clarify that.
I just wanted to come home.
I just wanted to come say goodbye.
I just wanted to confuse you.
I just wanted to cry.
I just wanted to do it.
I just wanted to do my job.
I just wanted to do that.
I just wanted to do the right thing.
I just wanted to drop by to say hi.
I just wanted to explain why I couldn't help the other day.
I just wanted to express my condolences.
I just wanted to feel loved.
I just wanted to find Tom.
I just wanted to finish it before I went home.
I just wanted to get Tom's attention.
I just wanted to get away.
I just wanted to get her attention.
I just wanted to get here as fast as possible.
I just wanted to get it over with.
I just wanted to get married.
I just wanted to get on the bus and get home.
I just wanted to get there as fast as possible.
I just wanted to get there as quickly as possible.
I just wanted to get to know you better.
I just wanted to give him some advice, but in the end I made him angry.
I just wanted to give you a heads up.
I just wanted to give you this.
I just wanted to go home.
I just wanted to go jogging.
I just wanted to go to bed with you.
I just wanted to go to college.
I just wanted to have a discussion.
I just wanted to have a good time like anybody else.
I just wanted to have a little fun.
I just wanted to have fun tonight.
I just wanted to have some time together.
I just wanted to hear Tom's voice.
I just wanted to hear the sound of your voice.
I just wanted to hear you sing one more time.
I just wanted to hear your voice.
I just wanted to help Tom.
I just wanted to help her.
I just wanted to help him.
I just wanted to help the team.
I just wanted to help them.
I just wanted to help you.
I just wanted to help.
I just wanted to hit someone.
I just wanted to impress Tom.
I just wanted to impress you.
I just wanted to keep things simple.
I just wanted to kiss someone.
I just wanted to know her name.
I just wanted to know his name.
I just wanted to know if you were in trouble.
I just wanted to know what time Tom would arrive.
I just wanted to know.
I just wanted to let you know I can't be here tomorrow.
I just wanted to let you know I can't do that today.
I just wanted to let you know I can't do that.
I just wanted to let you know I have a date.
I just wanted to let you know I'll be late tomorrow morning.
I just wanted to let you know how I feel.
I just wanted to let you know that I am now Muslim.
I just wanted to let you know that I can't be here tomorrow.
I just wanted to let you know that I can't do that today.
I just wanted to let you know that I can't do that.
I just wanted to let you know that I have a date.
I just wanted to let you know that I missed you.
I just wanted to let you know that I'd be leaving early today.
I just wanted to let you know.
I just wanted to listen to some music.
I just wanted to look at you.
I just wanted to make a change.
I just wanted to make a gesture.
I just wanted to make it right.
I just wanted to make sure I hadn't done anything wrong.
I just wanted to make sure I was right.
I just wanted to make sure I wasn't wrong.
I just wanted to make sure Tom and Mary were OK.
I just wanted to make sure Tom was OK.
I just wanted to make sure everyone was awake.
I just wanted to make sure that I was right.
I just wanted to make sure you knew what to do.
I just wanted to make sure you were OK.
I just wanted to make sure you were all right.
I just wanted to make sure you were safe.
I just wanted to make sure.
I just wanted to make that clear.
I just wanted to make you happy.
I just wanted to make you proud.
I just wanted to meet Tom.
I just wanted to play baseball.
I just wanted to play golf.
I just wanted to play poker.
I just wanted to please Tom.
I just wanted to proofread my e-mail.
I just wanted to protect you.
I just wanted to prove to myself that I could do this.
I just wanted to punch him, making that stupid grin vanish from his face forever.
I just wanted to quickly touch base with you about this.
I just wanted to read some news.
I just wanted to remind you that I love you.
I just wanted to remind you to call Tom.
I just wanted to remind you to pick Tom up after school.
I just wanted to save Earth.
I just wanted to say "Hi".
I just wanted to say I don't believe you.
I just wanted to say I'm sorry.
I just wanted to say good luck.
I just wanted to say goodbye.
I just wanted to say hello.
I just wanted to say hi.
I just wanted to say thank you for all your help.
I just wanted to say thank you for last night.
I just wanted to say thank you for your time.
I just wanted to say thank you.
I just wanted to say thanks.
I just wanted to say that I love you.
I just wanted to say that I'm sorry.
I just wanted to see Tom's reaction.
I just wanted to see Tom.
I just wanted to see her.
I just wanted to see him.
I just wanted to see how Tom and Mary were doing.
I just wanted to see how Tom was doing.
I just wanted to see how you were doing.
I just wanted to see how you'd react.
I just wanted to see how you've been doing.
I just wanted to see if I could do it.
I just wanted to see if I could do that.
I just wanted to see if Tom and Mary were OK.
I just wanted to see if Tom was OK.
I just wanted to see if you could do it.
I just wanted to see if you could do that.
I just wanted to see if you knew it.
I just wanted to see if you knew.
I just wanted to see if you were paying attention.
I just wanted to see them.
I just wanted to see what Tom's reaction would be.
I just wanted to see what all the fuss was about.
I just wanted to see what it was like.
I just wanted to see what would happen.
I just wanted to see you again.
I just wanted to see you and hear your voice.
I just wanted to see you look surprised.
I just wanted to see you one last time.
I just wanted to see you.
I just wanted to see your reaction.
I just wanted to sing.
I just wanted to sleep the whole day through.
I just wanted to sleep with you.
I just wanted to sleep.
I just wanted to spare.
I just wanted to speak to Tom.
I just wanted to speak to her.
I just wanted to speak to him.
I just wanted to speak to them.
I just wanted to speak to you.
I just wanted to stand here by myself.
I just wanted to stay with Tom.
I just wanted to stop by and say thanks.
I just wanted to stop by and see how you were doing.
I just wanted to stop by and wish you good luck.
I just wanted to stop you and tell you how glorious your beard is.
I just wanted to stop.
I just wanted to take a cold shower.
I just wanted to take a look around.
I just wanted to take care of you.
I just wanted to talk to Tom.
I just wanted to talk to her.
I just wanted to talk to him.
I just wanted to talk to my baby.
I just wanted to talk to you again.
I just wanted to talk to you.
I just wanted to talk.
I just wanted to teach you a lesson.
I just wanted to tell Tom I loved him.
I just wanted to tell Tom how much I appreciated his help.
I just wanted to tell Tom something.
I just wanted to tell you I love you.
I just wanted to tell you I ran into Tom this morning.
I just wanted to tell you I still love you.
I just wanted to tell you I'm sorry.
I just wanted to tell you I've always loved you.
I just wanted to tell you about Tom.
I just wanted to tell you good night.
I just wanted to tell you how much I wish this had never happened.
I just wanted to tell you how much it meant to me.
I just wanted to tell you how pleased I am.
I just wanted to tell you something.
I just wanted to tell you that I'll be late because I lost my pants.
I just wanted to tell you that I'm really sorry for what I said.
I just wanted to tell you that I’m really sorry for what I said.
I just wanted to tell you that the cookies you made for me the other day were very, very good.
I just wanted to tell you that.
I just wanted to thank everyone.
I just wanted to thank you again.
I just wanted to thank you for your support.
I just wanted to thank you personally.
I just wanted to thank you.
I just wanted to try it once.
I just wanted to warm you.
I just wanted to warn you.
I just wanted to weigh in with my opinion.
I just wanted to wish you a peaceful day.
I just wanted to wish you and your family a merry Christmas.
I just wanted to wish you good night.
I just wanted to wish you luck.
I just wanted to wrap my arms around him.
I just wanted to write songs.
I just wanted tonight to be perfect.
I just wanted us to be together.
I just wanted you to accept me.
I just wanted you to be happy.
I just wanted you to be proud of me.
I just wanted you to help me.
I just wanted you to know I support you.
I just wanted you to know that I support you.
I just wanted you to know that.
I just wanted you to know.
I just wanted you to look at this.
I just wanted you to see it.
I just wanted your advice.
I just wanted your instruction.
I just washed the dishes and now I have to take out the trash.
I just wasn't able to solve this problem.
I just wasn't expecting it.
I just wasn't expecting this to happen.
I just wasn't expecting you to call.
I just wasn't making enough money.
I just wasn't paying attention.
I just wasn't ready for it.
I just wasn't ready to do that yet.
I just wasn't strong enough to do that.
I just wasn't strong enough.
I just wasted three hours trying to get this thing fixed.
I just wasted three hours trying to repair this.
I just watched a bunch of those videos.
I just watched her.
I just waxed the floor.
I just wear glasses to look good.
I just went along with it.
I just went for a nice walk.
I just went for a walk.
I just went home without saying anything.
I just went home.
I just went into debt.
I just went out for a run.
I just went shopping.
I just went there to help.
I just went through an ordeal.
I just went to check something.
I just went with it.
I just went.
I just wish I could be at home.
I just wish I could contribute more money.
I just wish I could figure out what to give Tom for Christmas.
I just wish I could figure out what to give her for her birthday.
I just wish I could find a job.
I just wish I could get a job.
I just wish I could go back to Boston.
I just wish I could have some alone time with Tom.
I just wish I could remember who I am.
I just wish I could remember.
I just wish I could see Tom again.
I just wish I could shake off the memory of my first love forever and have it erased from my mind forever.
I just wish I could sleep peacefully through the night.
I just wish I could sleep.
I just wish I could speak French a little better.
I just wish I had fired Tom sooner.
I just wish I had more experience.
I just wish I had my camera.
I just wish I knew how to do that.
I just wish I knew how to speak French.
I just wish I knew what it was.
I just wish I knew what to say to Tom.
I just wish I knew what to say to my husband.
I just wish I knew why Tom and Mary weren't here.
I just wish I knew why Tom wasn't here.
I just wish I knew why this keeps happening.
I just wish I was a rich American and could spend my summer at a hotel and wear jewels and low-necked dresses and have ice cream and chicken salad every blessed day.
I just wish I were more popular.
I just wish I'd met Tom sooner.
I just wish I'd never got involved with you.
I just wish I'd never gotten involved with you.
I just wish Tom and Mary were happier here.
I just wish Tom and Mary weren't leaving tomorrow.
I just wish Tom could be here.
I just wish Tom could've been there.
I just wish Tom didn't have to be alone.
I just wish Tom didn't need to be alone.
I just wish Tom had brought a flashlight.
I just wish Tom had lived to see the completion of the project that he started.
I just wish Tom wasn't leaving tomorrow.
I just wish Tom were happier here.
I just wish Tom would do his job.
I just wish Tom would've been there.
I just wish it hadn't happened the way it did.
I just wish it was easier to do.
I just wish it wasn't so expensive.
I just wish it were easier to do.
I just wish it were over.
I just wish life will always bring us together.
I just wish life will always gather us together.
I just wish life will never keeps us apart and will never sets us apart from each other.
I just wish life will never take you away from me for the rest of our lives together.
I just wish that I could get a job.
I just wish that I could go back to Boston.
I just wish that I could leave.
I just wish that I could speak French a little better.
I just wish that I knew what to say to Tom.
I just wish there was something we could do to help Tom.
I just wish things could be better.
I just wish things didn't have to change.
I just wish we could go back.
I just wish we could leave this horrible place.
I just wish we'd gotten here sooner.
I just wish you could have been there with me.
I just wish you could make things a little easier on us during this tricky and uncertain time period.
I just wish you could've been there with me.
I just wish you'd shut up.
I just wish you'd talk to me.
I just wish you'd told me before.
I just wish you'd trust me.
I just withdrew some money today from the bank, so I only have 10 000 yen bills.
I just woke up a few minutes ago.
I just woke up and my BPM is 56. Did I really wake up?
I just woke up while they were still sleeping.
I just woke up.
I just won a lot of money.
I just won the lottery.
I just won't do that.
I just wonder what Tom is up to.
I just wonder what Tom's up to.
I just wore my bathing suit.
I just work faster alone.
I just work here.
I just worked 13 hours straight.
I just wouldn't do that.
I just wrecked my car in a traffic accident.
I just write for myself.
I just wrote a book.
I just wrote a negative review about this real estate agency.
I just wrote him a letter.
I just wrote the 291,000th sentence in Esperanto.
I keep a cat and a dog.
I keep a daily record of my business dealings.
I keep a daily record of the temperature.
I keep a diary every day.
I keep a diary in English.
I keep a diary in French.
I keep a diary.
I keep a dog.
I keep a dream journal by my bed.
I keep a female cat.
I keep a flashlight in my glove compartment.
I keep a good supply of stamps to save trips to the post office.
I keep a guitar in my car.
I keep a gun in my car.
I keep a gun in my home.
I keep a gun under the seat.
I keep a journal filled with my thoughts and dreams.
I keep a journal to note any changes I observe.
I keep a journal.
I keep a large dictionary close at hand when I read English magazines.
I keep a light on while I sleep.
I keep a list of all the countries I've visited.
I keep a little dope around for real emergencies.
I keep a rabbit as a pet.
I keep a stash of coins on hand in case I need a quarter.
I keep a stress ball on my desk.
I keep all my clothes here.
I keep all my miscellaneous files in this folder.
I keep all my old pictures in the attic in a wooden box.
I keep all my old pictures upstairs in a wooden box.
I keep all my telephone receipts in this box.
I keep an empty bottle in my nightstand.
I keep asking myself that same question.
I keep asking myself that.
I keep banging my knee on your computer tower.
I keep bumping into things.
I keep bumping into you.
I keep calling, but I can't get a hold of Tom.
I keep checking my email every day to see if I got the job I applied for.
I keep complaining.
I keep doubting myself.
I keep dreaming about Tom.
I keep dreaming about her.
I keep dreaming about him.
I keep dreaming about them.
I keep dreaming about you.
I keep dreaming that you're coming back to me.
I keep falling asleep while watching TV.
I keep falling for the wrong guys.
I keep falling in love with new songs.
I keep feeling chills. Could I have a fever?
I keep fit by jogging every morning.
I keep forgetting Tom's last name.
I keep forgetting about it.
I keep forgetting about that.
I keep forgetting her name.
I keep forgetting his name.
I keep forgetting that you're married.
I keep forgetting their names.
I keep forgetting to cut my toe nails.
I keep forgetting we're not supposed to do this anymore.
I keep forgetting you don't really like me.
I keep forgetting you don't understand French.
I keep forgetting your name.
I keep getting error messages.
I keep getting interrupted.
I keep getting lost in thought about that.
I keep getting mixed up between the words "formerly" and "formally" in English. They sound almost the same!
I keep getting spam email.
I keep going over everything in my head.
I keep goldfish.
I keep having flashbacks.
I keep having nightmares.
I keep having panic attacks.
I keep having the same dream night after night.
I keep having this dream about drowning.
I keep having this dream where I'm on a sinking ship, and I'm frantically using a bucket to try and bail out all the water that's flooding in.
I keep having to remind myself it's OK to make mistakes.
I keep hearing good things about Tom.
I keep hearing the song from that commercial over and over in my head.
I keep hope alive.
I keep hoping that things will get better.
I keep in touch with Tom.
I keep in touch with her.
I keep in touch with him.
I keep in touch with my friends and relatives through Facebook.
I keep in touch with my parents by mail.
I keep in touch with my parents in my hometown by phone.
I keep in touch with them.
I keep it in the attic.
I keep it in the closet, just in case.
I keep it in the safe.
I keep it.
I keep learning Spanish.
I keep looking for new sounds I like to incorporate them into my music.
I keep losing all my stuff.
I keep losing all my things.
I keep losing things.
I keep making a fool of myself when I try speaking French.
I keep making a lot of mistakes, but I don't give up on learning Toki Pona.
I keep making the same mistake over and over again.
I keep making the same mistake.
I keep making the same mistakes.
I keep meaning to organize my desk.
I keep meaning to visit you and your kids. I just never seem to get around to it.
I keep missing Tom's calls.
I keep mistakenly believing that today is Friday.
I keep most of my money at the bank near my office.
I keep my diary every day.
I keep my diary on the table by my bed.
I keep my disappointment to myself.
I keep my eyes wide open all the time.
I keep my face and bath towels side by side.
I keep my hair cut short.
I keep my hammer in the toolbox.
I keep my money in a hole behind a painting in my bedroom.
I keep my problems to myself.
I keep my shopping list on my phone.
I keep my tools in the garage.
I keep my word.
I keep myself busy with reading and writing.
I keep myself busy.
I keep needing to remind myself not to do that.
I keep nothing a secret from you.
I keep nothing from you.
I keep nothing secret from you.
I keep old books with care.
I keep on forgetting that it has a touchscreen so I'm always selecting the wrong things!
I keep on making the same mistake.
I keep on making the same mistakes.
I keep on not understanding.
I keep pressing "Enter" instead of "Shift" so I submit a lot of sentences early.
I keep quiet about things I don't understand.
I keep receiving unwanted emails.
I keep repeating a single word over and over.
I keep repeating the same sentence over and over.
I keep repeating the same thing.
I keep repeating the same word over and over.
I keep running into my ex-husband everywhere.
I keep sabbath.
I keep saying I'll read them later, but they just keep piling up.
I keep saying that I'm innocent, but no one will listen.
I keep saying that I’m innocent, but no one will listen.
I keep science for Life.
I keep singing.
I keep sneezing.
I keep stressing.
I keep studying languages.
I keep telling Mary she talks too fast.
I keep telling Tom he talks too fast.
I keep telling Tom to clean his room.
I keep telling Tom to listen, but he doesn't.
I keep telling him to listen, but he won't.
I keep telling him to listen, but he won’t.
I keep telling my kids that, too.
I keep telling myself I’ll do better next time.
I keep telling myself it doesn't matter.
I keep telling them to avoid dubious company!
I keep telling you I don't want to study French.
I keep telling you I don't want your help.
I keep telling you democracy doesn't work.
I keep telling you!
I keep the book at hand.
I keep the books.
I keep the chocolate in the fridge.
I keep the cleaning products under the sink.
I keep the letters in a safety deposit box.
I keep the master copy under lock and key.
I keep the windows closed so that insects don't get in.
I keep the windows closed to prevent insects from getting in.
I keep them in the safe.
I keep thinking about Tom.
I keep thinking about her.
I keep thinking about him.
I keep thinking about how much fun we used to have together.
I keep thinking about them.
I keep thinking about when we met.
I keep thinking about you.
I keep thinking night and day about you.
I keep thirteen cats.
I keep this baseball bat in the trunk of my car.
I keep this bottle separate from all the others.
I keep this little saint in my wallet because he brings me luck.
I keep trying to fix it, but it's still not working.
I keep waiting for the old me to return.
I keep waking up in the middle of the night.
I keep wiggling the loose tooth with my tongue.
I keep wondering how I can improve my English. Sometimes I can't explain what I'm trying to say or what the situation is, or I just can't come up with a good way to describe it myself. How do you think I can improve?
I keep wondering whether I'm being used.
I keep working on and on, and I have nothing to show for it.
I keep worrying about Tom.
I keep you in my mind both day and night.
I keep your interests at heart all the time.
I kek'd.
I kept Skura company.
I kept Skura informed about my whereabouts.
I kept Skura informed.
I kept Skura posted.
I kept Skura waiting.
I kept Taninna motivated to learn Berber.
I kept Tom busy.
I kept Tom waiting.
I kept a bold face before Lestrade, but, upon my soul, I believe that for once the fellow is on the right track and we are on the wrong. All my instincts are one way, and all the facts are the other.
I kept a diary for three years when I was a teenager.
I kept a diary for three years.
I kept a diary in French when I was a high school student.
I kept a diary in French when I was a student.
I kept a diary when I was younger.
I kept all her letters.
I kept all his clothes from when he was a baby. Do you want them?
I kept all the money.
I kept an eye on Tom.
I kept an eye on her suitcase.
I kept an eye on the coyote.
I kept as quiet as possible.
I kept asking myself why I'm doing this.
I kept asking questions.
I kept body and soul together at that time.
I kept calm.
I kept cleaning.
I kept climbing upwards.
I kept climbing.
I kept company with him since we were students.
I kept contact with him.
I kept crawling.
I kept deleting every text she sent me.
I kept digging.
I kept dreaming twisted dreams.
I kept driving.
I kept expecting her to call, but she didn't.
I kept fighting.
I kept focused.
I kept following the road until I hit the next village.
I kept gazing at her until she, totally confused, dropped her gaze.
I kept going.
I kept him company while his wife was in surgery.
I kept hissing.
I kept hoping I'd meet Tom.
I kept improving in the Berber language.
I kept insisting.
I kept it a secret.
I kept it locked in my top desk drawer.
I kept it with me.
I kept laughing.
I kept looking out the window.
I kept missing Tom's calls.
I kept missing his calls.
I kept moving.
I kept my cool.
I kept my end of the bargain.
I kept my father from sleeping all night.
I kept my grandmother company.
I kept my money hidden in a place I thought no one would ever find it.
I kept my mouth shut, since I didn't know what to say.
I kept my mouth shut.
I kept my part of the deal.
I kept my promise to him.
I kept my promise.
I kept my promises.
I kept my word.
I kept on looking for my keys even though I didn't really expect to find them.
I kept on making the same mistake.
I kept on reading.
I kept on singing.
I kept on talking.
I kept on walking.
I kept on working.
I kept one.
I kept packing.
I kept playing.
I kept practicing.
I kept pushing.
I kept putting it off.
I kept quiet, I did not answer him.
I kept quiet, since I didn't know what to say.
I kept quiet.
I kept reading the book.
I kept reading.
I kept riding my bicycle even though my legs were hurting.
I kept running.
I kept saying "Let's stop" but she drained cup after cup of wine — and now, as you can see, she's completely drunk.
I kept saying "Let’s stop" but she drained cup after cup of wine -- and now, as you can see, she’s completely drunk.
I kept saying that I didn't want to die.
I kept saying, "I don't want to die."
I kept screaming.
I kept shoveling.
I kept silent because I didn't have anything to say.
I kept silent because I didn't know what to say.
I kept silent.
I kept singing.
I kept smiling.
I kept speaking.
I kept staring at the house.
I kept staring.
I kept still and said nothing.
I kept still.
I kept talking to Tom.
I kept talking.
I kept telling Tom to calm down.
I kept telling him that.
I kept telling myself that it would all be over soon.
I kept texting.
I kept the $20 I found in the street.
I kept the ball rolling by talking.
I kept the cheese in the cellar.
I kept the dog on the leash.
I kept the dog.
I kept the door locked.
I kept the ewe.
I kept the fire alive all night.
I kept the fire going all night.
I kept the fire up.
I kept the glass door unlocked.
I kept the money.
I kept the seat warm for you.
I kept the sweater.
I kept the worst part.
I kept them until they rotted.
I kept these for you.
I kept thinking about Tom.
I kept thinking about all the things I needed to do and couldn't fall asleep.
I kept thinking about that conversation and whether the concept of beauty is universal or relative, and if it depends on each person's taste.
I kept thinking back to the phone call.
I kept thinking, thinking of the pale, haggard, lonely little girl on the cold and desolate side of the window-pane.
I kept this for you.
I kept to myself.
I kept tossing and turning in my bed.
I kept trying to get the engine running.
I kept trying to tell Tom that, but he wouldn't listen.
I kept trying to tell him, but Tom wouldn't listen.
I kept twitching.
I kept up the house.
I kept using it for a while.
I kept walking to the car.
I kept walking until my feet got tired.
I kept walking.
I kept watch in the hollow of the rock.
I kept watching Mary to see what she'd do.
I kept watching Tom and Mary to see what they'd do.
I kept watching Tom to see what he'd do.
I kept watching.
I kept whistling.
I kept working hard.
I kept working.
I kept yelling.
I kicked Rima out of my house.
I kicked Silya.
I kicked Skura out of my office.
I kicked Tom down a flight of stairs.
I kicked Tom hard.
I kicked Tom out of my office.
I kicked Tom out of my room.
I kicked Tom.
I kicked a ball.
I kicked her.
I kicked him down the stairs.
I kicked him in the nuts.
I kicked him out.
I kicked him several times in the stomach until he collapsed.
I kicked him.
I kicked his ass.
I kicked in the door and ran into the room.
I kicked my son out of the house three months ago.
I kicked the ball as far as I could.
I kicked the ball.
I kicked the bucket.
I kicked the dog.
I kicked the door in.
I kicked the door open.
I kicked them out of my house.
I kid you not.
I killed God.
I killed Tom in self-defense.
I killed Tom.
I killed a creeper.
I killed a duck once.
I killed a god.
I killed a jaguar.
I killed both of them.
I killed her by drowning her in a tub filled with Neo Kobe pizza.
I killed her.
I killed him in a fit of rage - it wasn't premeditated.
I killed him to teach him a lesson. He talks too much. Next time he will keep his words to himself.
I killed him with my own hands.
I killed him.
I killed it on the first try.
I killed my best friend.
I killed one.
I killed seven policewomen.
I killed the count.
I killed the cow.
I killed the engine.
I killed the man.
I killed the mice.
I killed the mosquito.
I killed the rat with a stick.
I killed the soldier.
I killed the spider.
I killed them all.
I killed them both.
I killed them quick, but they are killing me slow; and if I have another night of it I shall be either mad or dead before morning.
I killed them.
I killed those innocent people. Because I'm innocent.
I killed two birds in one stone.
I killed two birds with one stone.
I killed you.
I killed your father.
I kind of agree with you.
I kind of anticipated that.
I kind of doubt that actually happened.
I kind of doubt that that actually happened.
I kind of enjoyed doing that.
I kind of expected you to come alone.
I kind of expected you'd be here.
I kind of feel like it's my fault.
I kind of feel queasy. I might've gotten seasick on the boat.
I kind of figured it was Tom.
I kind of figured that it was Tom.
I kind of figured that out.
I kind of get it.
I kind of have mixed emotions.
I kind of hope it doesn't rain.
I kind of like Tom, too.
I kind of like Tom.
I kind of like him.
I kind of like it here.
I kind of like it.
I kind of like looking back at my sentences to check which languages they were translated into.
I kind of like this place.
I kind of like you.
I kind of liked Tom.
I kind of liked her.
I kind of liked him.
I kind of liked it.
I kind of liked that.
I kind of liked the idea.
I kind of liked them.
I kind of liked you.
I kind of live at the library.
I kind of lost my focus.
I kind of messed up.
I kind of miss Tom.
I kind of miss her.
I kind of miss him.
I kind of miss them.
I kind of miss you.
I kind of procrastinate.
I kind of suspected it.
I kind of understand.
I kind of want to die.
I kind of want to eat something, but it's already late.
I kind of want to live.
I kind of wanted to be alone.
I kind of wanted to be here yesterday.
I kind of wanted to be there yesterday.
I kind of wanted to go home.
I kind of went overboard.
I kind of wish you hadn't done that.
I kind of wished you'd mentioned that before.
I kind of worry about stuff like that.
I kinda have my doubts whether this shop will ever pay its way.
I kindled a fire using twigs.
I kindly asked him, but he refused to.
I kindly request that you refrain from interfering in matters pertaining to my children's education.
I kiss my child a hundred times a day.
I kiss my rival, but it is to choke him.
I kiss the ground beneath your feet.
I kiss with my eyes open.
I kiss you and I hug you.
I kiss you on the neck.
I kiss your lips.
I kiss your neck.
I kissed Mary and she kissed me back.
I kissed Mary last night.
I kissed Mary's neck.
I kissed Tom again.
I kissed Tom back.
I kissed Tom good night.
I kissed Tom goodnight.
I kissed Tom just yesterday.
I kissed Tom last night.
I kissed Tom on both cheeks.
I kissed Tom on his forehead.
I kissed Tom on the forehead.
I kissed Tom on the lips.
I kissed Tom once again.
I kissed Tom once.
I kissed Tom the other night.
I kissed Tom yesterday.
I kissed Tom's neck.
I kissed Tom.
I kissed a girl and I liked it.
I kissed a girl.
I kissed her belly.
I kissed her good night.
I kissed her neck.
I kissed her on her forehead.
I kissed her on the cheek.
I kissed her on the forehead.
I kissed her on the lips.
I kissed her on the mouth.
I kissed her on the neck.
I kissed her once at a party.
I kissed her tenderly.
I kissed her.
I kissed her... or rather she kissed me.
I kissed him greedily, savoring the feel of his soft lips on mine.
I kissed him on the cheek.
I kissed him on the forehead.
I kissed him on the lips.
I kissed him once at a party.
I kissed him under the mistletoe.
I kissed him.
I kissed his belly.
I kissed my wife.
I kissed the baby.
I kissed the hand of the priest.
I kissed you on the cheek.
I kneaded the dough.
I kneaded this dough.
I kneeled down to get a better look at what was on the ground.
I kneeled down to tie my shoes.
I kneeled down.
I kneeled.
I knelt down to tie my shoes.
I knelt down.
I knelt.
I knew Bratislav, of Croatian descent, personally since 2012, but I had seen him walking his two small dogs in the Lulu Island neighbourhood park in previous years without talking to him. Bratislav was unique in my opinion, as he had a really different reality view than everyone else, it seemed. He recounted stories of farm cows, whose bodies were sapped of blood by UFO aliens and engraved with circles. Ghost-like aliens could phase out of this material world, as they could pass through walls, he said. He said that there were secret space missions about which the public did not know. He was like no other person that I had met.
I knew I came to the right place.
I knew I could beat Tom.
I knew I could count on Mary.
I knew I could count on Tom.
I knew I could count on you.
I knew I could depend on you.
I knew I could do it.
I knew I could do that.
I knew I could get a podium, and that's all I wanted.
I knew I could make it fit.
I knew I could rely on you!
I knew I could rely on you.
I knew I could talk to Tom about Mary.
I knew I could trust Tom.
I knew I could trust her.
I knew I could trust him.
I knew I could trust them.
I knew I could trust you.
I knew I could win today.
I knew I could win.
I knew I couldn't be Tom.
I knew I couldn't do it, but I tried anyway.
I knew I couldn't do that.
I knew I couldn't trust Tom.
I knew I couldn't trust her.
I knew I couldn't trust him.
I knew I couldn't trust them.
I knew I couldn't trust you.
I knew I didn't have anything to worry about.
I knew I didn't have enough money to buy everything I needed.
I knew I didn't have enough money to buy everything I wanted.
I knew I didn't have enough money to buy what I needed.
I knew I didn't have enough money to buy what I wanted.
I knew I didn't have enough money.
I knew I didn't have enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
I knew I didn't have enough time to do that.
I knew I didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
I knew I didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
I knew I didn't have to do that.
I knew I felt something.
I knew I forgot something.
I knew I had a tough job ahead.
I knew I had been there.
I knew I had made a very bad mistake.
I knew I had seen him before.
I knew I had something to do.
I knew I had to buy something.
I knew I had to come.
I knew I had to do it.
I knew I had to do my homework myself.
I knew I had to do something about that.
I knew I had to do something differently.
I knew I had to do that.
I knew I had to finish the report before noon.
I knew I had to move fast.
I knew I had to stop.
I knew I had to tell Tom the truth, but I didn't want to.
I knew I had to tell him the truth, but I couldn't bring myself to do it.
I knew I had to tell him the truth, but I couldn’t bring myself to do it.
I knew I helped a lot.
I knew I might be allowed to do that.
I knew I might be required to do that.
I knew I might have to do that by myself.
I knew I might have to do that.
I knew I might need to do that by myself.
I knew I might need to do that.
I knew I might not be allowed to do that.
I knew I might not have to do that again.
I knew I might not have to do that anymore.
I knew I might not have to do that.
I knew I might not need to do that anymore.
I knew I might not need to do that.
I knew I needed that.
I knew I needed to be aggressive.
I knew I needed to do something differently.
I knew I needed to do that.
I knew I needed to say something, but I didn't know what to say.
I knew I ought to do something differently.
I knew I recognized Tom from somewhere.
I knew I recognized that face.
I knew I recognized you.
I knew I should do something differently.
I knew I should do that, but I didn't.
I knew I should have come with you.
I knew I should have done that for you.
I knew I should have given you a stronger dose.
I knew I should have gone with you.
I knew I should have married Tom.
I knew I should have married you.
I knew I should have stayed at home.
I knew I should have stayed home.
I knew I should have stayed in Boston.
I knew I should have studied French.
I knew I should have taken that.
I knew I should leave.
I knew I should never have gotten involved with your hair-brained scheme.
I knew I should never have gotten involved with your harebrained scheme.
I knew I should say something to Tom, but I didn't know what to say.
I knew I should say something, but I didn't know what to say.
I knew I should tell Tom the truth, but I didn't want to.
I knew I should've bought it when it was on sale.
I knew I should've brought a spare tire.
I knew I should've brought my umbrella.
I knew I should've come with you.
I knew I should've done that for you.
I knew I should've given you a stronger dose.
I knew I should've gone with you.
I knew I should've married Tom.
I knew I should've married her.
I knew I should've married him.
I knew I should've married you.
I knew I should've stayed at home.
I knew I should've stayed home.
I knew I should've stayed in Australia.
I knew I should've stayed in Boston.
I knew I should've studied French.
I knew I should've taken that.
I knew I shouldn't be doing that.
I knew I shouldn't do it, but I couldn't help myself.
I knew I shouldn't do that, but I did it anyway.
I knew I shouldn't do that.
I knew I shouldn't have altered the material.
I knew I shouldn't have answered the phone this morning.
I knew I shouldn't have done it, but I did it anyway.
I knew I shouldn't have done it, but I did it anyways.
I knew I shouldn't have done that with Tom.
I knew I shouldn't have done that.
I knew I shouldn't have eaten that.
I knew I shouldn't have gone to visit her, but I did.
I knew I shouldn't have had you do that for me.
I knew I shouldn't have mentioned it.
I knew I shouldn't have parked here.
I knew I shouldn't have put off doing my homework until the last minute.
I knew I shouldn't have said anything.
I knew I shouldn't have talked to Tom.
I knew I shouldn't have tried doing that by myself.
I knew I shouldn't have tried doing that in the dark.
I knew I shouldn't have tried doing that without your help.
I knew I shouldn't have worn this color.
I knew I shouldn't say anything.
I knew I shouldn't visit her, yet I went to see her.
I knew I shouldn't waste my time trying to convince Tom to do that.
I knew I shouldn't waste my time trying to convince Tom to help us.
I knew I shouldn't waste time.
I knew I shouldn’t have done it, but I did it anyways.
I knew I shouldn’t have put off doing my homework until the last minute.
I knew I wanted to do it.
I knew I wanted to play better.
I knew I wanted you the moment I saw you.
I knew I was OK at that point.
I knew I was being followed.
I knew I was being photographed.
I knew I was being set up.
I knew I was being watched.
I knew I was forgetting something.
I knew I was going to be arrested.
I knew I was going to be fired.
I knew I was going to be late.
I knew I was going to be punished.
I knew I was going to have to do that.
I knew I was going to have to wait for Tom.
I knew I was going to lose.
I knew I was going to win.
I knew I was ill.
I knew I was in trouble.
I knew I was likely to get injured.
I knew I was making mistakes.
I knew I was making progress.
I knew I was right.
I knew I was safe there.
I knew I was safe.
I knew I was supposed to do that.
I knew I was taking a chance.
I knew I was the only one who could do that.
I knew I was wasting my time trying to convince Tom.
I knew I was wrong.
I knew I wasn't crazy.
I knew I wasn't going to be able to do that.
I knew I wasn't going to be busy today.
I knew I wasn't going to get there in time.
I knew I wasn't supposed to do that, but I did it anyway.
I knew I wasn't supposed to do that.
I knew I wasn't supposed to swim, but I swam anyway.
I knew I wasn't supposed to tell Tom, but I told him.
I knew I wasn't the only one who could do that.
I knew I wasn't the only one who thought that.
I knew I would find you here.
I knew I would find you.
I knew I would get her.
I knew I would meet Tom.
I knew I would never leave.
I knew I would remember it.
I knew I would win.
I knew I wouldn't be able to do that, but I tried anyway.
I knew I wouldn't be able to get Tom to do that.
I knew I wouldn't be able to keep up with Tom.
I knew I wouldn't be able to sleep on the bus.
I knew I wouldn't busy today.
I knew I wouldn't win.
I knew I'd acclimatised to the hotter climate when I thought 25° was a bit cool.
I knew I'd be able to do that by 2:30.
I knew I'd be able to do that.
I knew I'd be able to get home by 2:30.
I knew I'd be blamed.
I knew I'd be busy today.
I knew I'd be unhappy here.
I knew I'd been there.
I knew I'd broken my wrist the moment I fell.
I knew I'd find the two of you together.
I knew I'd find you here.
I knew I'd find you with Tom.
I knew I'd find you with her.
I knew I'd find you with him.
I knew I'd find you with them.
I knew I'd find you.
I knew I'd forget something.
I knew I'd forgotten something.
I knew I'd forgotten to do something.
I knew I'd get blamed eventually.
I knew I'd have to see you first.
I knew I'd never see Tom again.
I knew I'd never want to leave.
I knew I'd run into Tom at the conference.
I knew I'd seen Tom somewhere before.
I knew I'd seen him before.
I knew I'd seen it before.
I knew I'd seen it someplace before.
I knew I'd seen it somewhere before.
I knew I'd seen you somewhere before.
I knew I'd win.
I knew I’d broken my wrist the moment I fell.
I knew Layla was telling the truth.
I knew Mary could do it, but I'd be damned if I'd ask for help.
I knew Mary didn't want to do that, but I wanted her to do it anyway.
I knew Mary would ask Tom to eat dinner with her.
I knew Mary would do what we asked her to do.
I knew Mary would have to stay in Boston longer than she'd planned to.
I knew Mary would love the gift you gave her.
I knew Mary wouldn't do that by herself.
I knew Mary wouldn't do that unless you did it with her.
I knew Mary wouldn't do what we asked her to do.
I knew Mary wouldn't get the job she wanted.
I knew Mary wouldn't go there if you didn't go with her.
I knew Mary wouldn't want to do that by herself.
I knew Nuja.
I knew Sami was having an affair.
I knew Tom a little.
I knew Tom a long time.
I knew Tom a lot better than you did.
I knew Tom and Mary didn't want to do that, but I wanted them to do it anyway.
I knew Tom and Mary well.
I knew Tom and Mary were Canadians.
I knew Tom and Mary were bluffing.
I knew Tom and Mary were busy.
I knew Tom and Mary were coming back.
I knew Tom and Mary were coming.
I knew Tom and Mary were cruel.
I knew Tom and Mary were dead.
I knew Tom and Mary were different.
I knew Tom and Mary were expecting us.
I knew Tom and Mary were going to be arrested sooner or later.
I knew Tom and Mary were going to cry.
I knew Tom and Mary were going to do that.
I knew Tom and Mary were going to win.
I knew Tom and Mary were good.
I knew Tom and Mary were guilty.
I knew Tom and Mary were here.
I knew Tom and Mary were hiding something.
I knew Tom and Mary were holding out on me.
I knew Tom and Mary were keeping something from me.
I knew Tom and Mary were lying.
I knew Tom and Mary were making a lot more money than I was.
I knew Tom and Mary were married.
I knew Tom and Mary were no good.
I knew Tom and Mary were planning on doing that.
I knew Tom and Mary were planning to do that.
I knew Tom and Mary were shy.
I knew Tom and Mary were studying.
I knew Tom and Mary were telling the truth.
I knew Tom and Mary were up to something.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't dead.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to Boston.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to be able to do that without our help.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to be able to do that.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to be busy today.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to be here.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to change.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to confess.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to do that.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to hurt me.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to like it.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to listen.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to lose.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to make it.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to mind.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to object.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to prison.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to resign.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to say no.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to see me.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to sing.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to stay.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to stop.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to talk.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to wait.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to win.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't good at French.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't good at chess.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't good at cooking.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't good at driving.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't good at lying.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't good at sports.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't good students.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't happy about this.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't happy.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't hungry.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't in Boston.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't likely to do that.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't likely to lose.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't likely to win.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't planning on doing that.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't planning to do that.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't quite ready to do that.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't ready to do that.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't ready to leave.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't ready to quit.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't really experts.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't related to me.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't telling the truth.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't very artistic.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't very athletic.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't very creative.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't very good cooks.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't very reliable.
I knew Tom and Mary would ask John to eat dinner with them.
I knew Tom and Mary would do what we asked them to do.
I knew Tom and Mary would have to stay in Boston longer than they'd planned to.
I knew Tom and Mary would love the gifts you gave them.
I knew Tom and Mary wouldn't do that by themselves.
I knew Tom and Mary wouldn't do that unless you did it with them.
I knew Tom and Mary wouldn't do what we asked them to do.
I knew Tom and Mary wouldn't get the jobs they wanted.
I knew Tom and Mary wouldn't go there if you didn't go with them.
I knew Tom and Mary wouldn't want to do that by themselves.
I knew Tom and only Tom could do that.
I knew Tom as a boy.
I knew Tom as a child.
I knew Tom as a kid.
I knew Tom before he became famous.
I knew Tom before he got famous.
I knew Tom before he moved to Boston.
I knew Tom better than he thought I did.
I knew Tom better than you did.
I knew Tom better than you ever did.
I knew Tom biblically.
I knew Tom could do it.
I knew Tom could do that by himself if he tried.
I knew Tom could do that by himself.
I knew Tom could do that for Mary if he wanted to.
I knew Tom could do that if he needed to.
I knew Tom could do that if he put his mind to it.
I knew Tom could do that if he really needed to.
I knew Tom could do that if he really wanted to.
I knew Tom could do that if he tried.
I knew Tom could do that if he wanted to.
I knew Tom could do that today if he wanted to.
I knew Tom could do that.
I knew Tom could persuade you.
I knew Tom could play the piano, but I didn't know he could play it so well.
I knew Tom could probably do that.
I knew Tom could return at any moment.
I knew Tom could win.
I knew Tom couldn't dance.
I knew Tom couldn't do that, unless I helped him.
I knew Tom couldn't do that.
I knew Tom couldn't have done this by himself.
I knew Tom couldn't legally do that.
I knew Tom couldn't play the trombone as well as Mary.
I knew Tom couldn't speak French very well.
I knew Tom couldn't speak French.
I knew Tom couldn't swim as well as Mary could.
I knew Tom couldn't swim as well as me.
I knew Tom couldn't understand French.
I knew Tom couldn't wait much longer.
I knew Tom couldn't win.
I knew Tom did it.
I knew Tom did that all the time.
I knew Tom did that intentionally.
I knew Tom did that just to get some attention.
I knew Tom did that, even though he said he didn't.
I knew Tom did that.
I knew Tom didn't ask Mary to help him do that.
I knew Tom didn't care about Mary.
I knew Tom didn't do it.
I knew Tom didn't do that by himself.
I knew Tom didn't do that by mistake.
I knew Tom didn't do that on Monday.
I knew Tom didn't do that on purpose.
I knew Tom didn't do that very much.
I knew Tom didn't do that very often.
I knew Tom didn't do that with Mary.
I knew Tom didn't do that.
I knew Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
I knew Tom didn't have enough money to buy the car he wanted.
I knew Tom didn't have the courage to do that.
I knew Tom didn't have to do that alone.
I knew Tom didn't have to do that today.
I knew Tom didn't intend to do that.
I knew Tom didn't know French.
I knew Tom didn't know any other way to do that.
I knew Tom didn't know anybody who did that.
I knew Tom didn't know anybody who was able to do that.
I knew Tom didn't know anyone who does that.
I knew Tom didn't know anyone who was able to do that.
I knew Tom didn't know he didn't really have to do that.
I knew Tom didn't know he didn't really need to do that.
I knew Tom didn't know how long it was going to take to do that.
I knew Tom didn't know how much time he'd need to do that.
I knew Tom didn't know how to do that.
I knew Tom didn't know that he didn't really have to do that.
I knew Tom didn't know that he didn't really need to do that.
I knew Tom didn't know that we were the ones who had done that.
I knew Tom didn't know that you did that.
I knew Tom didn't know that you had been in prison.
I knew Tom didn't know that you had done that.
I knew Tom didn't know that you were the one who had done that.
I knew Tom didn't know that you were the ones who had done that.
I knew Tom didn't know we were the ones who had done that.
I knew Tom didn't know whether Mary could do that or not.
I knew Tom didn't know whether to do that or not.
I knew Tom didn't know who was going to do that with him.
I knew Tom didn't know you did that.
I knew Tom didn't know you had been in prison.
I knew Tom didn't know you had done that.
I knew Tom didn't know you were the one who had done that.
I knew Tom didn't know you were the ones who had done that.
I knew Tom didn't like doing that.
I knew Tom didn't like it.
I knew Tom didn't like me.
I knew Tom didn't like to do that.
I knew Tom didn't need me to do that.
I knew Tom didn't need to do that alone.
I knew Tom didn't need to do that by himself.
I knew Tom didn't need to do that with us.
I knew Tom didn't plan on doing that yesterday.
I knew Tom didn't plan on doing that.
I knew Tom didn't plan to do that yesterday.
I knew Tom didn't plan to do that.
I knew Tom didn't really enjoy doing that by himself.
I knew Tom didn't really have to do that.
I knew Tom didn't really mean that.
I knew Tom didn't really need to do that.
I knew Tom didn't really want to do that by himself.
I knew Tom didn't really want to do that with Mary.
I knew Tom didn't really want to do that yesterday.
I knew Tom didn't really want to do that.
I knew Tom didn't want me to do that, but I did it anyway.
I knew Tom didn't want me to do that.
I knew Tom didn't want to be the next one to do that.
I knew Tom didn't want to do that again.
I knew Tom didn't want to do that alone.
I knew Tom didn't want to do that by himself.
I knew Tom didn't want to do that here.
I knew Tom didn't want to do that today.
I knew Tom didn't want to do that with Mary.
I knew Tom didn't want to do that with us.
I knew Tom didn't want to do that with you.
I knew Tom didn't want to do that yesterday.
I knew Tom didn't want to do that, but I wanted him to do it anyway.
I knew Tom didn't want to do that, but he did it anyway.
I knew Tom didn't whether he could do that or not.
I knew Tom didn't win.
I knew Tom expected Mary to do that.
I knew Tom expected me to do that.
I knew Tom expected us to do that.
I knew Tom expected you to do that.
I knew Tom got injured doing that.
I knew Tom had a girlfriend.
I knew Tom had a gun.
I knew Tom had a lot of fun doing that.
I knew Tom had agreed to do that.
I knew Tom had already done that.
I knew Tom had already tried to do that.
I knew Tom had been there.
I knew Tom had come home.
I knew Tom had connections.
I knew Tom had done it.
I knew Tom had done that by himself.
I knew Tom had done that for us.
I knew Tom had done that.
I knew Tom had forgotten to do that.
I knew Tom had intended to do that yesterday.
I knew Tom had left.
I knew Tom had lied to us.
I knew Tom had never actually done that.
I knew Tom had one.
I knew Tom had problems.
I knew Tom had secrets.
I knew Tom had something to do with it.
I knew Tom had to do that before he could go home.
I knew Tom had to do that by himself.
I knew Tom had to do that today.
I knew Tom had to do that yesterday.
I knew Tom had to do that.
I knew Tom had to finish writing the report before he could go home.
I knew Tom had worked as a bus driver.
I knew Tom hadn't agreed to do that.
I knew Tom hadn't done that yet.
I knew Tom hadn't done that.
I knew Tom hadn't done what Mary she he'd done.
I knew Tom hadn't done what he was supposed to do.
I knew Tom hadn't gotten around to doing that yet.
I knew Tom hadn't intended to do that.
I knew Tom hadn't yet done that.
I knew Tom in prep school.
I knew Tom is in his room writing a letter to Mary.
I knew Tom isn't as good a cook as I am.
I knew Tom knew Mary knew he didn't like her.
I knew Tom knew Mary.
I knew Tom knew how long it was going to take to do that.
I knew Tom knew how much time it would take for him to do that.
I knew Tom knew how much time it would take him to do that.
I knew Tom knew how much time it would take to do that.
I knew Tom knew how to do that already.
I knew Tom knew how to do that.
I knew Tom knew something.
I knew Tom knew what I wanted to do.
I knew Tom knew when I wanted to do that.
I knew Tom knew when Mary wanted to do that.
I knew Tom knew when Mary was going to do that.
I knew Tom knew where Mary was going to do that.
I knew Tom knew where he should be doing that.
I knew Tom knew where you were planning to do that.
I knew Tom knew who could do that and who couldn't.
I knew Tom knew who did that for Mary.
I knew Tom knew who did that for him.
I knew Tom knew who did that for me.
I knew Tom knew who did that for us.
I knew Tom knew who did that for you.
I knew Tom knew who did that to Mary.
I knew Tom knew who had to do that.
I knew Tom knew who needed to do that.
I knew Tom knew who wanted to do that.
I knew Tom knew who was going to do that for Mary.
I knew Tom knew who was going to do that for him.
I knew Tom knew who was going to do that for me.
I knew Tom knew who was going to do that for us.
I knew Tom knew who was going to do that for you.
I knew Tom knew who was going to do that with Mary.
I knew Tom knew who was going to do that.
I knew Tom knew who was going to help Mary do that.
I knew Tom knew who was going to help him do that.
I knew Tom knew why I did that by myself.
I knew Tom knew why I didn't do that.
I knew Tom knew why I didn't like to do that.
I knew Tom knew why I didn't want to do that.
I knew Tom knew why I had to do that.
I knew Tom knew why I needed to do that.
I knew Tom knew why I wanted to do that.
I knew Tom knew why I was planning on doing that next weekend.
I knew Tom knew why I was planning to do that next weekend.
I knew Tom knew why I was planning to do that.
I knew Tom knew why I was scared to do that.
I knew Tom knew why Mary did that on Monday.
I knew Tom knew why Mary didn't do that yesterday.
I knew Tom knew why Mary didn't do that.
I knew Tom knew why Mary didn't like to do that.
I knew Tom knew why Mary didn't want to do that.
I knew Tom knew why Mary had to do that by herself.
I knew Tom knew why Mary had to do that yesterday.
I knew Tom knew why Mary had to do that.
I knew Tom knew why Mary kept doing that even though he'd asked her not to.
I knew Tom knew why Mary kept doing that.
I knew Tom knew why Mary needed to do that.
I knew Tom knew why Mary wanted him to do that.
I knew Tom knew why Mary wanted to do that.
I knew Tom knew why Mary was afraid to do that.
I knew Tom knew why Mary was doing that by herself.
I knew Tom knew why Mary was doing that.
I knew Tom knew why Mary was planning on doing that.
I knew Tom knew why Mary was planning to do that.
I knew Tom knew why he should do that.
I knew Tom knew why he shouldn't do that.
I knew Tom knew why we couldn't do that for Mary.
I knew Tom knew why we couldn't do that for him.
I knew Tom knew why we did that by ourselves.
I knew Tom knew why you did that alone.
I knew Tom knew why you did that by yourself.
I knew Tom knew why you didn't do that.
I knew Tom knew why you wanted me to do that.
I knew Tom lied to me.
I knew Tom lied to us.
I knew Tom liked doing that by himself.
I knew Tom liked doing that.
I knew Tom liked me.
I knew Tom liked to do that.
I knew Tom meant no harm.
I knew Tom might actually do that.
I knew Tom might ask Mary to do that.
I knew Tom might be able to do that.
I knew Tom might be allowed to do that.
I knew Tom might be interested in doing that with us.
I knew Tom might be interested in doing that.
I knew Tom might be permitted to do that again.
I knew Tom might be permitted to do that by himself.
I knew Tom might be permitted to do that.
I knew Tom might be reluctant to do that.
I knew Tom might be required to do that.
I knew Tom might be right about that.
I knew Tom might do that by himself.
I knew Tom might get hurt if he tried to do that.
I knew Tom might get in trouble if he did that.
I knew Tom might get injured if he tried to do that.
I knew Tom might get killed if he tried to do that.
I knew Tom might get punished if he did that.
I knew Tom might have to do that by himself.
I knew Tom might have to do that this week.
I knew Tom might have to do that today.
I knew Tom might have to do that.
I knew Tom might need to do that by himself.
I knew Tom might need to do that this week.
I knew Tom might need to do that today.
I knew Tom might need to do that.
I knew Tom might not be able to do that.
I knew Tom might not be permitted to do that by himself.
I knew Tom might not be permitted to do that today.
I knew Tom might not be permitted to do that.
I knew Tom might not have to do that.
I knew Tom might not need to do that.
I knew Tom might not want to do that again.
I knew Tom might not want to do that anymore.
I knew Tom might not want to do that by himself.
I knew Tom might not want to do that.
I knew Tom might return at any moment.
I knew Tom might want to do that today.
I knew Tom might want to do that.
I knew Tom might want to learn how to do that.
I knew Tom might've done that on purpose.
I knew Tom needed to do that again.
I knew Tom needed to do that today.
I knew Tom needed to do that.
I knew Tom ought to do that again.
I knew Tom ought to do that by himself.
I knew Tom ought to do that outside.
I knew Tom personally.
I knew Tom played the bass. I just didn't know he was so good.
I knew Tom pretty well.
I knew Tom quite well.
I knew Tom said that he'd do that.
I knew Tom should do that himself.
I knew Tom should do that outside.
I knew Tom shouldn't be doing that.
I knew Tom shouldn't go outside.
I knew Tom spent time over at Mary's.
I knew Tom spoke a little French.
I knew Tom suspected us.
I knew Tom thought it would be a good idea to help Mary do that.
I knew Tom told Mary he couldn't do that.
I knew Tom told Mary he was going to do that.
I knew Tom told Mary he wasn't going to do that.
I knew Tom told Mary not to do that.
I knew Tom told Mary that he couldn't do that.
I knew Tom told Mary that he was going to do that.
I knew Tom told Mary that he wasn't going to do that.
I knew Tom told Mary to ask John not to do that.
I knew Tom told Mary to ask John to do that.
I knew Tom used to live in Australia.
I knew Tom used to live in Boston.
I knew Tom very well.
I knew Tom wanted Mary to do that.
I knew Tom wanted children.
I knew Tom wanted to be finished doing that before Monday evening.
I knew Tom wanted to be the next one to do that.
I knew Tom wanted to do that again.
I knew Tom wanted to do that alone.
I knew Tom wanted to do that by himself.
I knew Tom wanted to do that here.
I knew Tom wanted to do that yesterday, but he was busy, so he couldn't.
I knew Tom wanted to do that.
I knew Tom wanted us to do that for him.
I knew Tom was 100% correct.
I knew Tom was Mary's brother, not her boyfriend.
I knew Tom was Mary's cousin, not her brother.
I knew Tom was a Canadian.
I knew Tom was a French teacher in Boston, so I didn't believe Mary when she told me Tom was a taxi driver in Chicago.
I knew Tom was a French teacher in Boston, so I didn't believe Mary when she told me he was a taxi driver in Chicago.
I knew Tom was a French teacher in Boston, so I didn't believe Mary when she told me that Tom was a taxi driver in Chicago.
I knew Tom was a French teacher in Boston, so I didn't believe Mary when she told me that he was a taxi driver in Chicago.
I knew Tom was a Vietnam veteran.
I knew Tom was a bachelor.
I knew Tom was a bad driver.
I knew Tom was a bad loser.
I knew Tom was a bad student. I just didn't know how bad.
I knew Tom was a ballet dancer.
I knew Tom was a barber.
I knew Tom was a bartender.
I knew Tom was a baseball fan.
I knew Tom was a better chess player than I was.
I knew Tom was a better cook than I was.
I knew Tom was a better cook than Mary.
I knew Tom was a better cook than me.
I knew Tom was a better student than Mary was.
I knew Tom was a better student than Mary.
I knew Tom was a better swimmer than I was.
I knew Tom was a better swimmer than Mary.
I knew Tom was a billionaire.
I knew Tom was a binge drinker.
I knew Tom was a bit confused.
I knew Tom was a bit crazy.
I knew Tom was a bit strange.
I knew Tom was a bit tipsy.
I knew Tom was a bit under the weather.
I knew Tom was a bit younger than I was.
I knew Tom was a brave person.
I knew Tom was a bright kid.
I knew Tom was a bully.
I knew Tom was a bum.
I knew Tom was a busy man.
I knew Tom was a busy person.
I knew Tom was a child psychologist.
I knew Tom was a close friend of Mary's.
I knew Tom was a compulsive gambler.
I knew Tom was a con artist.
I knew Tom was a cook.
I knew Tom was a coward.
I knew Tom was a crooked cop.
I knew Tom was a dairy farmer.
I knew Tom was a decent guy.
I knew Tom was a divorce lawyer, so I called him up.
I knew Tom was a fast eater, so I ate as quickly as I could, so we'd finish eating at about the same time.
I knew Tom was a former student of Mary's, so I asked him if he thought she was a good teacher.
I knew Tom was a former student of Mary's, so I asked him if he thought that she was a good teacher.
I knew Tom was a genius.
I knew Tom was a good carpenter. That's why I wanted him to help me build my house.
I knew Tom was a good chess player, but I didn't think he'd be good enough to beat me.
I knew Tom was a good chess player, but I didn't think that he'd be good enough to beat me.
I knew Tom was a good cook because I'd eaten a lot of things that he's cooked.
I knew Tom was a good drummer. That's why I asked him to play with us.
I knew Tom was a good salesman. That's why I hired him.
I knew Tom was a good skier, but I didn't know he was this good.
I knew Tom was a good songwriter, but his latest song is really much better than I ever expected.
I knew Tom was a good volleyball player, but I didn't know he was this good.
I knew Tom was a good worker, but I was still very impressed with the amount of work he did this week.
I knew Tom was a guitar teacher, so I asked him to teach me how to play the guitar.
I knew Tom was a guitarist, but I didn't know he could play so well.
I knew Tom was a guitarist, but I'd never heard him play until tonight.
I knew Tom was a gun owner, but I didn't know he had so many guns.
I knew Tom was a gun owner, but I didn't know that he had so many guns.
I knew Tom was a gymnast, but I didn't know he was so good.
I knew Tom was a high school dropout, but I hired him anyway.
I knew Tom was a little older than me.
I knew Tom was a little taller than me.
I knew Tom was a little under the weather.
I knew Tom was a little upset.
I knew Tom was a little worried about Mary.
I knew Tom was a little worried about what might happen if he did that.
I knew Tom was a little worried about what might happen.
I knew Tom was a little worried.
I knew Tom was a locksmith.
I knew Tom was a long-time Boston resident.
I knew Tom was a lot more creative than Mary.
I knew Tom was a lot older than he said he was.
I knew Tom was a lot younger than Mary.
I knew Tom was a lot younger than he said he was.
I knew Tom was a married man, but I flirted with him anyway.
I knew Tom was a methamphetamine addict.
I knew Tom was a native French speaker.
I knew Tom was a painter.
I knew Tom was a pretty good carpenter. That's why I asked him to help me.
I knew Tom was a pretty good jazz saxophone player. That's why I wanted him to join our band.
I knew Tom was a pretty good jazz saxophonist. That's why I wanted him to join our band.
I knew Tom was a really bad driver.
I knew Tom was a really good dancer. I just didn't know he was so good.
I knew Tom was a really good singer.
I knew Tom was a really good songwriter.
I knew Tom was a really good student.
I knew Tom was a really smart guy.
I knew Tom was a really talented chess player.
I knew Tom was a reasonable guy.
I knew Tom was a reasonable man.
I knew Tom was a reckless young fellow.
I knew Tom was a sociopath.
I knew Tom was a traitor.
I knew Tom was a troublemaker.
I knew Tom was a truck driver.
I knew Tom was a trumpet player.
I knew Tom was a twin.
I knew Tom was a used car salesman.
I knew Tom was a vegetarian, so I didn't serve him any meat.
I knew Tom was a very bad cook.
I knew Tom was a very bad driver.
I knew Tom was a very competitive guy.
I knew Tom was a very creative person.
I knew Tom was a very fussy eater.
I knew Tom was a very good banjo player.
I knew Tom was a very good bass player. That's why I asked him to join our band.
I knew Tom was a very good chess player.
I knew Tom was a very good student.
I knew Tom was a very nice guy.
I knew Tom was a very patient man.
I knew Tom was a very rich man.
I knew Tom was a very sick man.
I knew Tom was a very sound sleeper, so I didn't even try to be quiet.
I knew Tom was a violin teacher, so I asked him to teach my son.
I knew Tom was a widower and I also knew Mary was a widow.
I knew Tom was a widower and I also knew that Mary was a widow.
I knew Tom was able to do that.
I knew Tom was able to understand French.
I knew Tom was about ready to do that.
I knew Tom was about to cry.
I knew Tom was about to do that.
I knew Tom was about to fall asleep.
I knew Tom was absent because he was in the hospital.
I knew Tom was absent because he was sick.
I knew Tom was abusing his authority.
I knew Tom was active in his church.
I knew Tom was adopted.
I knew Tom was afraid he might hurt Mary's feelings.
I knew Tom was afraid he might lose everything.
I knew Tom was afraid he'd get fired.
I knew Tom was afraid he'd get lost.
I knew Tom was afraid of Mary's dog.
I knew Tom was afraid of Mary.
I knew Tom was afraid of being cheated.
I knew Tom was afraid of catching a cold.
I knew Tom was afraid of everybody.
I knew Tom was afraid of everyone.
I knew Tom was afraid of flying.
I knew Tom was afraid of ghosts.
I knew Tom was afraid of heights.
I knew Tom was afraid of his grandfather.
I knew Tom was afraid of me.
I knew Tom was afraid of my dog.
I knew Tom was afraid of snakes.
I knew Tom was afraid that he might hurt Mary's feelings.
I knew Tom was afraid that he might lose everything.
I knew Tom was afraid that he'd get fired.
I knew Tom was afraid that he'd get lost.
I knew Tom was afraid that the police might arrest him.
I knew Tom was afraid to do that.
I knew Tom was afraid to go home.
I knew Tom was afraid to go into the cave.
I knew Tom was afraid to leave his house.
I knew Tom was afraid to refuse to do that.
I knew Tom was afraid to say anything.
I knew Tom was afraid to walk through the woods alone.
I knew Tom was afraid to walk through the woods at night.
I knew Tom was afraid.
I knew Tom was against it.
I knew Tom was against the plan.
I knew Tom was agitated.
I knew Tom was agnostic.
I knew Tom was alive.
I knew Tom was all alone.
I knew Tom was all by himself.
I knew Tom was allergic to peanuts, so I didn't put any peanuts in these cookies.
I knew Tom was allowed to do that.
I knew Tom was almost always at home on Monday, so I went to see him last Monday, but he wasn't at home.
I knew Tom was almost always at home on Monday, so I went to see him last Monday.
I knew Tom was almost asleep.
I knew Tom was almost broke, so I lent him some money.
I knew Tom was almost deaf, so I spoke as loudly as I could.
I knew Tom was almost done doing what he wanted to do, so I decided to wait for him.
I knew Tom was alone in his office, writing a report.
I knew Tom was alone in his room, reading a book.
I knew Tom was alone.
I knew Tom was already doing that.
I knew Tom was already finished doing that.
I knew Tom was an idiot.
I knew Tom was annoyed.
I knew Tom was at home waiting for Mary.
I knew Tom was away.
I knew Tom was back.
I knew Tom was better at doing that than I was.
I knew Tom was better at playing the trombone than Mary.
I knew Tom was bluffing.
I knew Tom was busy.
I knew Tom was capable of doing that.
I knew Tom was coming back.
I knew Tom was coming.
I knew Tom was cruel.
I knew Tom was dead.
I knew Tom was desperate to do that.
I knew Tom was determined to do that.
I knew Tom was different.
I knew Tom was doing that for Mary.
I knew Tom was doing that yesterday.
I knew Tom was doing that.
I knew Tom was down here.
I knew Tom was drunk.
I knew Tom was expecting Mary to do that for him.
I knew Tom was expecting us.
I knew Tom was expecting you to do that for Mary.
I knew Tom was expecting you to do that for him.
I knew Tom was expecting you to do that.
I knew Tom was finished doing that already.
I knew Tom was finished doing that.
I knew Tom was freaked.
I knew Tom was from Australia.
I knew Tom was from Boston.
I knew Tom was going to ask Mary not to do that.
I knew Tom was going to ask Mary to do that.
I knew Tom was going to ask everybody not to do that.
I knew Tom was going to ask everybody to do that.
I knew Tom was going to ask everyone not to do that.
I knew Tom was going to ask everyone to do that.
I knew Tom was going to ask me not to do that.
I knew Tom was going to ask me to do that.
I knew Tom was going to ask somebody else to do that.
I knew Tom was going to ask someone else to do that.
I knew Tom was going to ask us not to do that.
I knew Tom was going to ask us to do that.
I knew Tom was going to ask you not to do that.
I knew Tom was going to ask you to do that.
I knew Tom was going to be able to do that.
I knew Tom was going to be arrested sooner or later.
I knew Tom was going to be the one to do that.
I knew Tom was going to be the one who had to do that.
I knew Tom was going to cry.
I knew Tom was going to do that again.
I knew Tom was going to do that eventually.
I knew Tom was going to do that for me.
I knew Tom was going to do that for us.
I knew Tom was going to do that in Australia last month.
I knew Tom was going to do that in Boston last week.
I knew Tom was going to do that today.
I knew Tom was going to do that with Mary.
I knew Tom was going to do that yesterday.
I knew Tom was going to do that, too.
I knew Tom was going to do that.
I knew Tom was going to enjoy doing that.
I knew Tom was going to find out who did that.
I knew Tom was going to get into trouble.
I knew Tom was going to go, no matter what Mary said.
I knew Tom was going to help Mary do that.
I knew Tom was going to learn how to do that.
I knew Tom was going to like doing that.
I knew Tom was going to wait for Mary.
I knew Tom was going to want to do that.
I knew Tom was going to win.
I knew Tom was going.
I knew Tom was good at French.
I knew Tom was good at doing that.
I knew Tom was good.
I knew Tom was guilty.
I knew Tom was having problems.
I knew Tom was heating up leftovers.
I knew Tom was here somewhere.
I knew Tom was here.
I knew Tom was hiding something.
I knew Tom was holding back.
I knew Tom was holding out on me.
I knew Tom was hungry.
I knew Tom was hurting.
I knew Tom was in Australia.
I knew Tom was in Boston.
I knew Tom was in bed.
I knew Tom was in charge.
I knew Tom was in his bedroom cleaning out his closet.
I knew Tom was in his bedroom counting his money.
I knew Tom was in his bedroom doing his homework.
I knew Tom was in his bedroom sound asleep.
I knew Tom was in his office doing paperwork.
I knew Tom was in his room listening to music.
I knew Tom was in his room reading.
I knew Tom was in his room writing a letter to Mary.
I knew Tom was in the Army.
I knew Tom was in the garage, working on his car.
I knew Tom was in the kitchen, cooking.
I knew Tom was in the kitchen, making spaghetti.
I knew Tom was in trouble.
I knew Tom was innocent.
I knew Tom was interested in doing that.
I knew Tom was into that stuff.
I knew Tom was involved.
I knew Tom was irresponsible.
I knew Tom was jealous.
I knew Tom was just a freshman, so I was surprised to see him hanging out with seniors.
I knew Tom was keeping something from me.
I knew Tom was kidding.
I knew Tom was likely to do that.
I knew Tom was lying to me.
I knew Tom was lying to us.
I knew Tom was lying.
I knew Tom was making a lot more money than I was.
I knew Tom was making spaghetti.
I knew Tom was married.
I knew Tom was miserable.
I knew Tom was motivated to do that.
I knew Tom was no good.
I knew Tom was old enough to do that.
I knew Tom was older than Mary.
I knew Tom was peeling potatoes.
I knew Tom was planning on asking Mary not to do that.
I knew Tom was planning on asking Mary to do that.
I knew Tom was planning on doing that today.
I knew Tom was planning on doing that.
I knew Tom was planning on telling Mary not to do that.
I knew Tom was planning on telling Mary to do that.
I knew Tom was planning to ask Mary not to do that.
I knew Tom was planning to ask Mary to do that.
I knew Tom was planning to do that today.
I knew Tom was planning to do that.
I knew Tom was planning to tell Mary not to do that.
I knew Tom was planning to tell Mary to do that.
I knew Tom was ready to do that.
I knew Tom was reluctant to do that.
I knew Tom was responsible.
I knew Tom was safe.
I knew Tom was scared.
I knew Tom was seeing someone.
I knew Tom was shy.
I knew Tom was special.
I knew Tom was standing behind the curtain.
I knew Tom was still alive.
I knew Tom was still in his room, studying.
I knew Tom was still in the kitchen, washing dishes.
I knew Tom was still sitting in his car, waiting for Mary.
I knew Tom was still there waiting for me.
I knew Tom was still willing to do that.
I knew Tom was studying French with Mary.
I knew Tom was studying French.
I knew Tom was studying.
I knew Tom was supposed to be doing that.
I knew Tom was supposed to do that by himself.
I knew Tom was supposed to do that this morning.
I knew Tom was supposed to do that yesterday.
I knew Tom was supposed to do that.
I knew Tom was supposed to help Mary do that.
I knew Tom was supposed to help me do that.
I knew Tom was supposed to help us do that.
I knew Tom was telling the truth.
I knew Tom was tempted to do that.
I knew Tom was the kind of guy who would do that kind of thing.
I knew Tom was the one who did it.
I knew Tom was the one who wanted to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to show Mary how to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that anymore.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't have to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't need to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she had to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she has to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needed to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she didn't have to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she didn't need to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she had to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she has to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she needed to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she needs to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she ought to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she should do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary what to do that.
I knew Tom was the only one who did that.
I knew Tom was the traitor.
I knew Tom was the type of person who would do that.
I knew Tom was through doing that.
I knew Tom was trying to do that.
I knew Tom was unlikely to do that.
I knew Tom was unlikely to want to do that.
I knew Tom was unwell.
I knew Tom was up to some foolishness.
I knew Tom was up to something.
I knew Tom was upstairs in his room.
I knew Tom was upstairs, crying in his room.
I knew Tom was used to getting up early.
I knew Tom was very angry.
I knew Tom was very busy.
I knew Tom was very unlikely to be able to do that.
I knew Tom was waiting for Mary to do that.
I knew Tom was waiting for Mary.
I knew Tom was wasting his time doing that.
I knew Tom was watching.
I knew Tom was wrong about Mary.
I knew Tom wasn't Mary's brother.
I knew Tom wasn't Mary's husband.
I knew Tom wasn't a Vietnam veteran.
I knew Tom wasn't a bachelor.
I knew Tom wasn't a bad golfer.
I knew Tom wasn't a bad person.
I knew Tom wasn't a bad student.
I knew Tom wasn't a barber.
I knew Tom wasn't a bartender.
I knew Tom wasn't a baseball fan.
I knew Tom wasn't a brave person.
I knew Tom wasn't a bully.
I knew Tom wasn't a close friend of Mary's.
I knew Tom wasn't a coward.
I knew Tom wasn't a good driver, but I let him drive anyway.
I knew Tom wasn't a good student.
I knew Tom wasn't a lieutenant.
I knew Tom wasn't a long-time Boston resident.
I knew Tom wasn't a native French speaker.
I knew Tom wasn't a really bad driver.
I knew Tom wasn't a really good dancer, but I agreed to dance with him anyway.
I knew Tom wasn't a reckless young fellow.
I knew Tom wasn't a talkative person, so I asked him a lot of questions to get him talking.
I knew Tom wasn't a very creative person.
I knew Tom wasn't a very fussy eater.
I knew Tom wasn't a very good banjo player.
I knew Tom wasn't a very good carpenter. That's why I didn't ask him for help.
I knew Tom wasn't a very good chess player.
I knew Tom wasn't a very good coach.
I knew Tom wasn't a very good cook.
I knew Tom wasn't a very good driver, but I lent him my car anyway.
I knew Tom wasn't a very good driver, but I let him drive anyway.
I knew Tom wasn't a very good singer.
I knew Tom wasn't a very good student.
I knew Tom wasn't a very good teacher.
I knew Tom wasn't a very nice boy.
I knew Tom wasn't a very nice guy.
I knew Tom wasn't a very patient man.
I knew Tom wasn't a very reasonable guy.
I knew Tom wasn't a very reasonable man.
I knew Tom wasn't a very smart guy.
I knew Tom wasn't able to understand French.
I knew Tom wasn't afraid of Mary's dog.
I knew Tom wasn't afraid of anybody.
I knew Tom wasn't afraid of anyone.
I knew Tom wasn't afraid of ghosts.
I knew Tom wasn't afraid to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't against it.
I knew Tom wasn't allowed to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't alone in the living room.
I knew Tom wasn't as good a cook as I was.
I knew Tom wasn't as good a student as Mary.
I knew Tom wasn't as old as Mary.
I knew Tom wasn't as rich as Mary.
I knew Tom wasn't as smart as Mary.
I knew Tom wasn't busy.
I knew Tom wasn't capable of doing that.
I knew Tom wasn't dead.
I knew Tom wasn't finished doing that yet.
I knew Tom wasn't finished doing that.
I knew Tom wasn't going to Australia.
I knew Tom wasn't going to Boston.
I knew Tom wasn't going to be able to do that without our help.
I knew Tom wasn't going to be able to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't going to be busy today.
I knew Tom wasn't going to be here.
I knew Tom wasn't going to change.
I knew Tom wasn't going to confess.
I knew Tom wasn't going to do it.
I knew Tom wasn't going to do that again.
I knew Tom wasn't going to do that today.
I knew Tom wasn't going to do that tomorrow.
I knew Tom wasn't going to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't going to go, no matter what Mary said.
I knew Tom wasn't going to hurt me.
I knew Tom wasn't going to like it.
I knew Tom wasn't going to listen.
I knew Tom wasn't going to lose.
I knew Tom wasn't going to make it.
I knew Tom wasn't going to mind.
I knew Tom wasn't going to object.
I knew Tom wasn't going to prison.
I knew Tom wasn't going to resign.
I knew Tom wasn't going to say no.
I knew Tom wasn't going to see me.
I knew Tom wasn't going to sing.
I knew Tom wasn't going to stay.
I knew Tom wasn't going to stop.
I knew Tom wasn't going to talk.
I knew Tom wasn't going to wait for Mary.
I knew Tom wasn't going to wait for me.
I knew Tom wasn't going to wait for us.
I knew Tom wasn't going to wait for you.
I knew Tom wasn't going to wait.
I knew Tom wasn't going to win.
I knew Tom wasn't good at French.
I knew Tom wasn't good at chess.
I knew Tom wasn't good at cooking.
I knew Tom wasn't good at driving.
I knew Tom wasn't good at lying.
I knew Tom wasn't good at sports.
I knew Tom wasn't happy about this.
I knew Tom wasn't happy.
I knew Tom wasn't hungry.
I knew Tom wasn't in Australia.
I knew Tom wasn't in Boston.
I knew Tom wasn't in love with me.
I knew Tom wasn't in the kitchen.
I knew Tom wasn't interested in doing that.
I knew Tom wasn't kidding.
I knew Tom wasn't laughing at you.
I knew Tom wasn't likely to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't likely to lose.
I knew Tom wasn't likely to win.
I knew Tom wasn't married anymore.
I knew Tom wasn't nervous doing that.
I knew Tom wasn't paid for doing that.
I knew Tom wasn't peeling potatoes.
I knew Tom wasn't planning on doing that.
I knew Tom wasn't planning to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't quite ready to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't ready to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't ready to leave.
I knew Tom wasn't ready to quit.
I knew Tom wasn't really an expert.
I knew Tom wasn't really busy.
I knew Tom wasn't really going to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't really sick.
I knew Tom wasn't related to me.
I knew Tom wasn't supposed to do that by himself.
I knew Tom wasn't supposed to do that this morning.
I knew Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't telling the truth.
I knew Tom wasn't the first one to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't the one who did that.
I knew Tom wasn't the only one who did that.
I knew Tom wasn't through doing that yet.
I knew Tom wasn't to be trusted.
I knew Tom wasn't used to getting up early.
I knew Tom wasn't very artistic.
I knew Tom wasn't very athletic.
I knew Tom wasn't very busy.
I knew Tom wasn't very creative.
I knew Tom wasn't very good at playing the flute.
I knew Tom wasn't very reliable.
I knew Tom wasn't well.
I knew Tom wasn't yet finished doing that.
I knew Tom well.
I knew Tom went to this school.
I knew Tom when he was a kid.
I knew Tom who would've been a great addition to the team. Sadly, he died a month ago.
I knew Tom would accept my invitation.
I knew Tom would accept our offer.
I knew Tom would agree eventually.
I knew Tom would agree to do that.
I knew Tom would allow Mary to do that on her own if she were a little older.
I knew Tom would allow Mary to do that on her own.
I knew Tom would allow Mary to do that.
I knew Tom would allow me to do that.
I knew Tom would allow us to do that.
I knew Tom would allow you to do that by yourself.
I knew Tom would allow you to do that.
I knew Tom would appreciate your help.
I knew Tom would ask Mary to do that.
I knew Tom would ask Mary to eat dinner with him.
I knew Tom would ask that.
I knew Tom would ask.
I knew Tom would back down.
I knew Tom would back out.
I knew Tom would be OK.
I knew Tom would be a difficult person to deal with.
I knew Tom would be a good basketball coach. That's why I hired him.
I knew Tom would be a good teacher.
I knew Tom would be a hard man to deal with.
I knew Tom would be a hard person to please.
I knew Tom would be able to convince Mary to do that if he tried.
I knew Tom would be able to convince Mary to do that.
I knew Tom would be able to do that by himself.
I knew Tom would be able to do that if he put his mind to it.
I knew Tom would be able to do that if he really needed to.
I knew Tom would be able to do that if he really put his mind to it.
I knew Tom would be able to do that if he really wanted to.
I knew Tom would be able to do that if you helped him.
I knew Tom would be able to do that on Monday.
I knew Tom would be able to do that well.
I knew Tom would be able to do that without some help.
I knew Tom would be able to do that.
I knew Tom would be able to figure out how to do that.
I knew Tom would be able to fix it.
I knew Tom would be able to persuade you.
I knew Tom would be able to talk Mary into doing that.
I knew Tom would be able to win.
I knew Tom would be afraid to do that.
I knew Tom would be allowed to do that.
I knew Tom would be allowed to do what he wanted to do.
I knew Tom would be allowed to do what he wanted.
I knew Tom would be allowed to do whatever he wanted to do.
I knew Tom would be angry if you did that without him.
I knew Tom would be angry if you did that.
I knew Tom would be angry.
I knew Tom would be annoyed if you did that.
I knew Tom would be annoyed.
I knew Tom would be arrested sooner or later.
I knew Tom would be awake.
I knew Tom would be back.
I knew Tom would be better at doing that than Mary.
I knew Tom would be busy today.
I knew Tom would be busy.
I knew Tom would be caught.
I knew Tom would be confused by your explanation.
I knew Tom would be doing that all day.
I knew Tom would be doing that by himself.
I knew Tom would be doing that outside.
I knew Tom would be doing that with Mary.
I knew Tom would be doing that yesterday.
I knew Tom would be doing that.
I knew Tom would be excused from doing that.
I knew Tom would be faster at doing that than Mary.
I knew Tom would be finished doing that by 2:30.
I knew Tom would be fired for doing that.
I knew Tom would be forgiven for doing that.
I knew Tom would be forgiven if he did that.
I knew Tom would be gone all day.
I knew Tom would be gone all night.
I knew Tom would be happier if he did that.
I knew Tom would be happy doing that.
I knew Tom would be happy if you did that.
I knew Tom would be happy to do that.
I knew Tom would be heartbroken.
I knew Tom would be here.
I knew Tom would be hesitant to do that.
I knew Tom would be interested in doing that with us.
I knew Tom would be interested in doing that.
I knew Tom would be late.
I knew Tom would be mad if you did that without him.
I knew Tom would be mad if you did that.
I knew Tom would be motivated to do that.
I knew Tom would be nervous doing that.
I knew Tom would be opposed to doing that.
I knew Tom would be permitted to do that.
I knew Tom would be quicker at doing that than Mary.
I knew Tom would be ready to do that.
I knew Tom would be reluctant to do that.
I knew Tom would be shocked.
I knew Tom would be surprised if I did that.
I knew Tom would be surprised if Mary did that.
I knew Tom would be surprised if we did that.
I knew Tom would be surprised if you did that.
I knew Tom would be tempted to do that.
I knew Tom would be the first one to do that.
I knew Tom would be the last one to do that.
I knew Tom would be the next one to do that.
I knew Tom would be the winner.
I knew Tom would be there.
I knew Tom would be thirsty.
I knew Tom would be through doing that by 2:30.
I knew Tom would be too tired to help.
I knew Tom would be unhappy with the results.
I knew Tom would be upset if I did that.
I knew Tom would be waiting.
I knew Tom would be willing to do that.
I knew Tom would be willing to help us do that.
I knew Tom would be willing to show me how to do that.
I knew Tom would be worried.
I knew Tom would betray you.
I knew Tom would bring his girlfriend to the party.
I knew Tom would call.
I knew Tom would cheat.
I knew Tom would come back.
I knew Tom would come by himself.
I knew Tom would come.
I knew Tom would cry.
I knew Tom would do it properly.
I knew Tom would do it.
I knew Tom would do something romantic.
I knew Tom would do something stupid.
I knew Tom would do that again if he had the chance.
I knew Tom would do that again.
I knew Tom would do that by himself.
I knew Tom would do that for Mary.
I knew Tom would do that for you if you asked him to.
I knew Tom would do that if he had the chance.
I knew Tom would do that if you asked him to.
I knew Tom would do that right away.
I knew Tom would do that sooner or later.
I knew Tom would do that yesterday.
I knew Tom would do that.
I knew Tom would do this.
I knew Tom would do what we asked him to do.
I knew Tom would do what we asked.
I knew Tom would enjoy doing that with us.
I knew Tom would enjoy doing that.
I knew Tom would enjoy the party.
I knew Tom would eventually leave.
I knew Tom would eventually want to do that.
I knew Tom would fail his French test.
I knew Tom would fight back.
I knew Tom would find Mary.
I knew Tom would find it.
I knew Tom would find me.
I knew Tom would find out eventually.
I knew Tom would find out.
I knew Tom would find us.
I knew Tom would find you.
I knew Tom would follow you.
I knew Tom would forget to do that.
I knew Tom would forgive me.
I knew Tom would freak out.
I knew Tom would get angry if you did that without him.
I knew Tom would get angry.
I knew Tom would get better.
I knew Tom would get fired for doing that.
I knew Tom would get fired if he did that.
I knew Tom would get into trouble for doing that.
I knew Tom would get into trouble if he did that.
I knew Tom would get into trouble.
I knew Tom would get mad if you did that.
I knew Tom would go home early today.
I knew Tom would go there.
I knew Tom would go to the dance with Mary.
I knew Tom would go.
I knew Tom would guess the answer.
I knew Tom would have a great time.
I knew Tom would have enough money.
I knew Tom would have enough time.
I knew Tom would have fun doing that.
I knew Tom would have the courage to do that.
I knew Tom would have the time to do that.
I knew Tom would have time to do that yesterday.
I knew Tom would have to do that.
I knew Tom would have to stay in Australia longer than he had planned to.
I knew Tom would have to stay in Boston longer than he had planned to.
I knew Tom would hear us.
I knew Tom would help Mary do that.
I knew Tom would help me do that.
I knew Tom would help me.
I knew Tom would help you.
I knew Tom would help.
I knew Tom would kiss Mary.
I knew Tom would kiss you.
I knew Tom would know how to do that.
I knew Tom would know not to do that.
I knew Tom would know.
I knew Tom would laugh.
I knew Tom would leave early.
I knew Tom would leave eventually.
I knew Tom would leave us.
I knew Tom would let Mary do that.
I knew Tom would let you do that by yourself.
I knew Tom would lie to us about that.
I knew Tom would like Mary.
I knew Tom would like doing that.
I knew Tom would like it here.
I knew Tom would like it if I did that.
I knew Tom would like it if Mary did that.
I knew Tom would like it if we did that.
I knew Tom would like that.
I knew Tom would like the party.
I knew Tom would like to be the first one to do that.
I knew Tom would like to be the last one to do that.
I knew Tom would like to be the next one to do that.
I knew Tom would like to do that again.
I knew Tom would like to know that you're planning to do that.
I knew Tom would like you to do that for him.
I knew Tom would likely agree to do that.
I knew Tom would likely be able to do that.
I knew Tom would likely do that for you if you asked him politely.
I knew Tom would likely do that.
I knew Tom would likely have to do that.
I knew Tom would likely need to do that.
I knew Tom would likely not agree to do that.
I knew Tom would likely not be able to do that.
I knew Tom would likely not need to do that again.
I knew Tom would likely not need to do that.
I knew Tom would likely not want to do that.
I knew Tom would likely refuse to do that.
I knew Tom would likely want to do that.
I knew Tom would lose.
I knew Tom would love the gift you gave him.
I knew Tom would need help figuring out how to do that.
I knew Tom would need to do that.
I knew Tom would never do that.
I knew Tom would never understand.
I knew Tom would never want to leave.
I knew Tom would panic.
I knew Tom would pass the exam.
I knew Tom would permit Mary to do that.
I knew Tom would permit me to do that.
I knew Tom would permit you to do that.
I knew Tom would probably be happy to do that for you.
I knew Tom would protect me.
I knew Tom would really do that by himself.
I knew Tom would really enjoy doing that.
I knew Tom would refuse to do that.
I knew Tom would regret doing that.
I knew Tom would return someday.
I knew Tom would save you.
I knew Tom would say no.
I knew Tom would say something stupid.
I knew Tom would say that.
I knew Tom would send you.
I knew Tom would show Mary how to do that even though he said he wouldn't.
I knew Tom would show Mary how to do that even though he said that he wouldn't.
I knew Tom would show Mary how to do that if she asked him to.
I knew Tom would show Mary how to do that.
I knew Tom would show me how to do that.
I knew Tom would show up eventually.
I knew Tom would show up.
I knew Tom would show you how to do that if you asked him to.
I knew Tom would show you how to do that if you asked him.
I knew Tom would show you how to do that.
I knew Tom would sing that song.
I knew Tom would slip up.
I knew Tom would step in.
I knew Tom would stop Mary.
I knew Tom would stop us.
I knew Tom would suspect me.
I knew Tom would tell Mary how to do that if she asked him to.
I knew Tom would tell Mary how to do that.
I knew Tom would tell everybody.
I knew Tom would tell everyone.
I knew Tom would tell me how to do that.
I knew Tom would tell you how to do that if you asked him to.
I knew Tom would tell you how to do that if you asked him.
I knew Tom would tell you how to do that.
I knew Tom would try to convince Mary not to go.
I knew Tom would try to talk Mary out of going.
I knew Tom would unlikely agree to do that.
I knew Tom would volunteer.
I knew Tom would wait for us.
I knew Tom would want to do that.
I knew Tom would want to go home early today.
I knew Tom would want to go to Australia with Mary.
I knew Tom would want to go to Australia with me.
I knew Tom would want to go to Boston with Mary.
I knew Tom would want to go with us.
I knew Tom would want to sing.
I knew Tom would win.
I knew Tom would've allowed you to do that if you'd asked him.
I knew Tom would've been a great addition to the team. Sadly, he died a month ago.
I knew Tom would've done that if Mary hadn't been there.
I knew Tom wouldn't accept my invitation.
I knew Tom wouldn't accept our offer.
I knew Tom wouldn't agree to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't ask Mary not to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't ask Mary to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't back down.
I knew Tom wouldn't be a very good teacher.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to come.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that as fast as Mary.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that as quickly as Mary.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that as well as Mary.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that by himself.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that correctly.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that for Mary.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that for me.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that for us.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that this morning.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that without our help.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that without some help.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to figure out how to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to find a babysitter on such short notice.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to find a job in Boston.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to find a job.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to find his passport.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to get into the bar.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to get the box open.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to get the jar open.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to get the loan.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to guess the answer.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to help us.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to keep Mary from doing that.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to learn enough French in just three weeks.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to swim all the way to the island.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to win.
I knew Tom wouldn't be afraid to do that if you did it with him.
I knew Tom wouldn't be afraid.
I knew Tom wouldn't be allowed to do what he wanted to do.
I knew Tom wouldn't be allowed to do what he wanted.
I knew Tom wouldn't be awake.
I knew Tom wouldn't be back.
I knew Tom wouldn't be busy.
I knew Tom wouldn't be foolish enough to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't be happy if you did that.
I knew Tom wouldn't be here.
I knew Tom wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't be interested in doing that.
I knew Tom wouldn't be late.
I knew Tom wouldn't be mad if you did that without him.
I knew Tom wouldn't be motivated to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't be shocked.
I knew Tom wouldn't be so busy today.
I knew Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to do that alone.
I knew Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to do that by himself.
I knew Tom wouldn't be surprised.
I knew Tom wouldn't be tempted to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't be the winner.
I knew Tom wouldn't be there.
I knew Tom wouldn't be willing to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't buy that.
I knew Tom wouldn't care if Mary did that by herself.
I knew Tom wouldn't care if you did that by yourself.
I knew Tom wouldn't come back.
I knew Tom wouldn't come.
I knew Tom wouldn't confess.
I knew Tom wouldn't cry.
I knew Tom wouldn't dance.
I knew Tom wouldn't do anything stupid.
I knew Tom wouldn't do anything.
I knew Tom wouldn't do it properly.
I knew Tom wouldn't do that again.
I knew Tom wouldn't do that by himself.
I knew Tom wouldn't do that for us.
I knew Tom wouldn't do that properly.
I knew Tom wouldn't do that unless you did it with him.
I knew Tom wouldn't do that yesterday.
I knew Tom wouldn't do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't do what he promised to do.
I knew Tom wouldn't do what we asked him to do.
I knew Tom wouldn't do what we asked.
I knew Tom wouldn't eat that.
I knew Tom wouldn't eat the stew Mary made for him.
I knew Tom wouldn't eat the stew that Mary made for him.
I knew Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that by himself.
I knew Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that with Mary.
I knew Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that with me.
I knew Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that with us.
I knew Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that.
I knew Tom wouldn't enjoy the party.
I knew Tom wouldn't fail his French test.
I knew Tom wouldn't forgive me.
I knew Tom wouldn't get caught.
I knew Tom wouldn't get into trouble for doing that.
I knew Tom wouldn't get the job he wanted.
I knew Tom wouldn't get the safe open.
I knew Tom wouldn't go home early.
I knew Tom wouldn't go there if you didn't go with him.
I knew Tom wouldn't go to the dance with Mary.
I knew Tom wouldn't go.
I knew Tom wouldn't guess the answer.
I knew Tom wouldn't have a good time.
I knew Tom wouldn't have any fun at the party.
I knew Tom wouldn't have done that if Mary hadn't been there.
I knew Tom wouldn't have enough money.
I knew Tom wouldn't have enough time.
I knew Tom wouldn't have fun doing that.
I knew Tom wouldn't have the courage to quit.
I knew Tom wouldn't have to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't have to stay in Australia all week.
I knew Tom wouldn't have to stay in Boston all week.
I knew Tom wouldn't help Mary do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't help Mary.
I knew Tom wouldn't help you do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't hurt me.
I knew Tom wouldn't kiss Mary goodnight.
I knew Tom wouldn't kiss you.
I knew Tom wouldn't know how to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't leave early.
I knew Tom wouldn't leave without me.
I knew Tom wouldn't let Mary go home early.
I knew Tom wouldn't lie to us.
I knew Tom wouldn't like Mary.
I knew Tom wouldn't like doing that.
I knew Tom wouldn't like it here.
I knew Tom wouldn't like it if Mary did that.
I knew Tom wouldn't like the party.
I knew Tom wouldn't like the way Mary danced.
I knew Tom wouldn't like to be the first one to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't likely agree to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't likely be able to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't likely do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't likely have to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't lose.
I knew Tom wouldn't make Mary do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't mind doing that for Mary.
I knew Tom wouldn't mind if we did that.
I knew Tom wouldn't mind if you did that.
I knew Tom wouldn't need to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't pass the exam.
I knew Tom wouldn't pass the examination.
I knew Tom wouldn't refuse to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't say anything else.
I knew Tom wouldn't say anything stupid.
I knew Tom wouldn't say no.
I knew Tom wouldn't sing that song.
I knew Tom wouldn't sing.
I knew Tom wouldn't suspect anything.
I knew Tom wouldn't take his hat off.
I knew Tom wouldn't try to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't wait for Mary.
I knew Tom wouldn't wait for us.
I knew Tom wouldn't wait.
I knew Tom wouldn't want me to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't want to do that by himself.
I knew Tom wouldn't want to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't want to go to Australia with Mary.
I knew Tom wouldn't want to go to Australia with me.
I knew Tom wouldn't want to go to Boston with Mary.
I knew Tom wouldn't want to go with us.
I knew Tom wouldn't want to sing.
I knew Tom wouldn't want to stop doing that.
I knew Tom wouldn't win.
I knew Tom years ago.
I knew Tom's brother.
I knew Tom's first wife.
I knew Tom's grandparents.
I knew Tom's mother.
I knew Tom's parents.
I knew Tom.
I knew Trump was a fascist in 2015.
I knew Victoria in 2011.
I knew Von Herder, the blind German mechanic, who constructed it to the order of the late Professor Moriarty.
I knew Ziri would come.
I knew a Tom Jackson in college.
I knew a Tom Jackson once.
I knew a girl named Mary.
I knew a guy named Tom.
I knew a lot of songs, too.
I knew a man who was as stupid as you are.
I knew a man with that name.
I knew a shortcut to Tom's house.
I knew about it.
I knew about that a week ago.
I knew about that already.
I knew about that in part.
I knew about that.
I knew about this three weeks ago.
I knew all I needed to know.
I knew all about it.
I knew all about that.
I knew all along that Tom wasn't telling the truth.
I knew all along that Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
I knew all along that he was telling a lie.
I knew all that.
I knew already that she'd got engaged.
I knew also your great-great-grandfather.
I knew as little about his past as I did about my parents'.
I knew at a glance that he was an honest man.
I knew before you knew.
I knew better than that.
I knew better than to ask for more money.
I knew better than to ask questions.
I knew better than to trust Tom.
I knew both Tom and Mary very well.
I knew both of the boys.
I knew both of them very well.
I knew both of them.
I knew both the writer and the book.
I knew both your parents.
I knew doing that would be a lot of fun.
I knew doing that would be a mistake.
I knew doing that would be a waste of money.
I knew doing that would be a waste of time.
I knew doing that would be fun.
I knew doing that would be worthwhile.
I knew doing that would make Tom angry.
I knew doing that would make Tom mad.
I knew doing that would make Tom uncomfortable.
I knew eventually this would happen.
I knew every girl there.
I knew every man there.
I knew every one of those guys.
I knew every person there.
I knew everyone on the list.
I knew everyone there.
I knew everything about her.
I knew everything that went on.
I knew everything was all right.
I knew everything was lost.
I knew everything would be OK.
I knew everything would work out.
I knew everything.
I knew exactly what I had to do.
I knew exactly what I wanted.
I knew exactly what I was doing.
I knew exactly what Tom meant.
I knew exactly what Tom wanted.
I knew exactly what happened.
I knew exactly what he was going to say.
I knew exactly what it was.
I knew exactly what she was going to say.
I knew exactly what they were going to say.
I knew exactly what to do.
I knew exactly what to look for.
I knew exactly what was happening.
I knew exactly what you were going to say.
I knew exactly where I was going.
I knew from his tone how much he hated me.
I knew from the beginning that you never really loved me.
I knew he didn't die.
I knew he didn't like me.
I knew he knew what I was doing.
I knew he was Muslim.
I knew he was a liar.
I knew he was angry with me.
I knew he was angry, but I didn't think he was that angry.
I knew he was angry, but I didn’t think he was that angry.
I knew he was different.
I knew he was ill.
I knew he was lying.
I knew he was rich, but I didn't think he was that rich.
I knew he was rich, but I didn’t think he was that rich.
I knew he was waiting for Mary.
I knew he wasn't Tom.
I knew he would accept.
I knew he would make my life hell.
I knew he would talk about me.
I knew he wouldn't do what he promised.
I knew he'd always feel something toward her.
I knew he'd never be happy here.
I knew he'd win.
I knew her a long time.
I knew her better than you did.
I knew her parents.
I knew her personally.
I knew her pretty well.
I knew her the instant I saw her.
I knew her very well.
I knew her well.
I knew her.
I knew him a long time.
I knew him better than you did.
I knew him personally.
I knew him very well.
I knew him well.
I knew him.
I knew his intentions right at the beginning.
I knew how Tom felt.
I knew how to deal with it.
I knew how to keep a secret.
I knew how to swim.
I knew how you'd react.
I knew if I let Tom leave, he'd never come back.
I knew immediately something was wrong.
I knew immediately that something was wrong.
I knew immediately what he meant.
I knew immediately what she meant.
I knew in advance what Tom was going to say.
I knew in my heart the first time I met you that we were going to get married.
I knew instinctively what to do.
I knew it all along.
I knew it could happen.
I knew it couldn't be that easy.
I knew it couldn't be that simple.
I knew it from the start.
I knew it might take a lifetime to pull it off.
I knew it was Amanda!
I knew it was Mary who translated this letter.
I knew it was OK at that point.
I knew it was Tom as soon as he started speaking.
I knew it was Tom's handwriting.
I knew it was Tom.
I knew it was a bad idea.
I knew it was a joke.
I knew it was a lie.
I knew it was a possibility.
I knew it was a problem, but no one had ever quantified it for me like that.
I knew it was a scam.
I knew it was a trick.
I knew it was going to be cold today, so I told myself to put on pants. But I still went out the door with shorts on.
I knew it was going to be like that.
I knew it was going to be tough to do.
I knew it was going to be tough to persuade Tom to help us.
I knew it was going to be tough.
I knew it was going to happen.
I knew it was going to hurt Layla, yet I did it.
I knew it was going to hurt Layla.
I knew it was going to hurt Tom, but I did it anyway.
I knew it was going to hurt Tom.
I knew it was going to take a lot of time.
I knew it was going to take time.
I knew it was her.
I knew it was him because I recognised his face.
I knew it was him.
I knew it was just a misunderstanding.
I knew it was just a prank.
I knew it was only a matter of time before Tom messed up again.
I knew it was out of our price range, but I wanted to buy it anyway.
I knew it was plastic but it tasted like wood.
I knew it was possible.
I knew it was pretty big.
I knew it was real.
I knew it was really a good idea.
I knew it was right.
I knew it was serious.
I knew it was something like that.
I knew it was them.
I knew it was time to go.
I knew it was time to leave.
I knew it was time to stop.
I knew it was time.
I knew it was too good to be true.
I knew it was too good to last.
I knew it was too late.
I knew it was unhealthy.
I knew it was wrong to do that, but I did that anyway.
I knew it was wrong, but I did it anyway.
I knew it was wrong.
I knew it was you all the time.
I knew it was you, Tom!
I knew it was you, Tom.
I knew it was you.
I knew it wasn't a very good idea.
I knew it wasn't an accident.
I knew it wasn't fireworks.
I knew it wasn't normal.
I knew it wasn't the first time Tom had done that.
I knew it wasn't the first time that Tom had done that.
I knew it wasn't true.
I knew it wasn't you.
I knew it wasn't yours.
I knew it would be a waste of time do that.
I knew it would be an adventure.
I knew it would be difficult to do that.
I knew it would be easy to do that.
I knew it would be easy.
I knew it would be hard to do that.
I knew it would be hard.
I knew it would be hot in the auditorium.
I knew it would be impossible for me to win.
I knew it would be like this.
I knew it would be painful.
I knew it would be possible to do that.
I knew it would come in handy.
I knew it would happen sooner or later.
I knew it would happen this way.
I knew it would happen.
I knew it would make Tom happy.
I knew it would make her happy.
I knew it would make him happy.
I knew it would make them happy.
I knew it would make you happy.
I knew it would never work between Tom and me.
I knew it would never work between you and Tom.
I knew it would work out this way.
I knew it wouldn't be difficult to do that.
I knew it wouldn't be easy to do that.
I knew it wouldn't be easy.
I knew it wouldn't be fun.
I knew it wouldn't be hard to do that.
I knew it wouldn't be that easy.
I knew it wouldn't be that simple.
I knew it wouldn't last.
I knew it wouldn't work.
I knew it!
I knew it'd be hot here.
I knew it, Jim! I knew it!
I knew it, but I forgot it.
I knew it.
I knew many of your faults, but lying is a new one to me.
I knew my dad worked hard.
I knew my leg was broken.
I knew my only chance was to trust my instincts.
I knew my stuff was there.
I knew my time would come.
I knew no one cared about me.
I knew no one in Rome.
I knew nobody cared about me.
I knew nobody would believe me.
I knew nothing about it.
I knew nothing about that.
I knew nothing about this community before joining it.
I knew nothing about this.
I knew nothing about your plan.
I knew nothing of his plan.
I knew one.
I knew partly about it.
I knew people would talk.
I knew right away it was you.
I knew right away it wasn't a real diamond.
I knew right away that I couldn't put my trust in you.
I knew right away that it was you.
I knew right away that it wasn't a real diamond.
I knew right away who it was.
I knew right from the start that I wouldn't be able to do that.
I knew right off the bat that something was wrong.
I knew she didn't like me.
I knew she didn't love it.
I knew she was angry, but I didn't think she was that angry.
I knew she was different.
I knew she was ill.
I knew she was in Kabylie.
I knew she was waiting for Tom.
I knew she would be the winner.
I knew she would love that Kabyle dress.
I knew she'd come back quickly.
I knew since middle school that only because I was so lonely was I able to expend so much energy on studying.
I knew somebody would come.
I knew someone had been sneaking into the house.
I knew someone like Tom once.
I knew someone like her once.
I knew someone like him once.
I knew someone like you once.
I knew someone was watching me.
I knew someone who was a starseed.
I knew someone would come rescue us eventually.
I knew someone would come.
I knew something Tom didn't know.
I knew something bad might happen.
I knew something bad was about to happen.
I knew something bad was going to happen.
I knew something bad was likely to happen.
I knew something bad would happen if Tom and Mary went hiking together.
I knew something bad would probably happen.
I knew something funny might happen.
I knew something good was about to happen.
I knew something horrible was about to happen.
I knew something like this might happen.
I knew something like this was going to happen.
I knew something like this would happen.
I knew something strange might happen.
I knew something strange was going on.
I knew something terrible was about to happen.
I knew something was about to happen.
I knew something was awry.
I knew something was going to happen.
I knew something was up.
I knew something was wrong.
I knew something wasn't right about that guy.
I knew something wasn't right.
I knew something wrong was going to happen.
I knew straight away that you were a favorite.
I knew straight away whose son Tom was.
I knew that I could beat Tom.
I knew that I could do that.
I knew that I could neither console nor help.
I knew that I couldn't do that.
I knew that I didn't have to do that.
I knew that I had something to do.
I knew that I had to buy something.
I knew that I had to do it.
I knew that I had to do something differently.
I knew that I had to do that.
I knew that I might not have to do that anymore.
I knew that I might not need to do that anymore.
I knew that I needed to do something differently.
I knew that I ought to do something differently.
I knew that I recognized that face.
I knew that I should do something differently.
I knew that I should do that, but I didn't.
I knew that I should've stayed in Australia.
I knew that I shouldn't be doing that.
I knew that I shouldn't do it, but I couldn't help myself.
I knew that I shouldn't do that, but I did it anyway.
I knew that I shouldn't do that.
I knew that I shouldn't have done it, but I did it anyway.
I knew that I shouldn't have done that with Tom.
I knew that I shouldn't have done that.
I knew that I shouldn't have eaten that.
I knew that I shouldn't have tried doing that by myself.
I knew that I shouldn't have tried doing that in the dark.
I knew that I shouldn't have tried doing that without your help.
I knew that I shouldn't waste my time trying to convince Tom to do that.
I knew that I shouldn't waste my time trying to convince Tom to help us.
I knew that I shouldn't waste time.
I knew that I wanted to play better.
I knew that I was being followed.
I knew that I was being photographed.
I knew that I was being watched.
I knew that I was going to be arrested.
I knew that I was going to be fired.
I knew that I was going to be late.
I knew that I was going to be punished.
I knew that I was going to lose.
I knew that I was likely to get injured.
I knew that I was the only one who could do that.
I knew that I was wasting my time trying to convince Tom.
I knew that I wasn't going to be able to do that.
I knew that I wasn't going to get there in time.
I knew that I wasn't supposed to do that, but I did it anyway.
I knew that I wasn't supposed to swim, but I swam anyway.
I knew that I wasn't supposed to tell Tom, but I told him.
I knew that I wasn't the only one who could do that.
I knew that I wasn't well.
I knew that I'd be able to do that.
I knew that I'd be busy today.
I knew that I'd break her heart, but I had no choice.
I knew that I'd break his heart, but I had no choice.
I knew that I'd find you here.
I knew that I'd never make it.
I knew that I'd seen you somewhere before.
I knew that Mary was a guitarist, but I'd never heard her play until tonight.
I knew that Skura was lying.
I knew that Tom and Mary were both married, but I didn't know that they were married to each other.
I knew that Tom and Mary were doing that yesterday.
I knew that Tom and Mary were from Boston.
I knew that Tom and Mary were guitarists, but I'd never heard them play until tonight.
I knew that Tom and Mary were here somewhere.
I knew that Tom and Mary were hiding something.
I knew that Tom and Mary were in Boston.
I knew that Tom and Mary were lying.
I knew that Tom and Mary were married.
I knew that Tom and Mary were studying French.
I knew that Tom and Mary weren't busy.
I knew that Tom and Mary weren't hungry.
I knew that Tom and Mary weren't to be trusted.
I knew that Tom and Mary wouldn't be able to find jobs.
I knew that Tom and only Tom could do that.
I knew that Tom could do it.
I knew that Tom could do that by himself if he tried.
I knew that Tom could do that by himself.
I knew that Tom could do that for Mary if he wanted to.
I knew that Tom could do that if he needed to.
I knew that Tom could do that if he put his mind to it.
I knew that Tom could do that if he really needed to.
I knew that Tom could do that if he really wanted to.
I knew that Tom could do that if he tried.
I knew that Tom could do that if he wanted to.
I knew that Tom could do that today if he wanted to.
I knew that Tom could do that.
I knew that Tom could play the piano, but I didn't know he could play it so well.
I knew that Tom could probably do that.
I knew that Tom could return at any moment.
I knew that Tom could win.
I knew that Tom couldn't dance.
I knew that Tom couldn't do that, unless I helped him.
I knew that Tom couldn't do that.
I knew that Tom couldn't have done this by himself.
I knew that Tom couldn't legally do that.
I knew that Tom couldn't play the trombone as well as Mary.
I knew that Tom couldn't speak French very well.
I knew that Tom couldn't speak French.
I knew that Tom couldn't swim as well as I could.
I knew that Tom couldn't swim as well as Mary could.
I knew that Tom couldn't swim as well as Mary.
I knew that Tom couldn't swim as well as me.
I knew that Tom couldn't understand French.
I knew that Tom couldn't wait much longer.
I knew that Tom couldn't win.
I knew that Tom did it.
I knew that Tom did that all the time.
I knew that Tom did that intentionally.
I knew that Tom did that just to get some attention.
I knew that Tom did that, even though he said he didn't.
I knew that Tom did that.
I knew that Tom didn't ask Mary to help him do that.
I knew that Tom didn't care about Mary.
I knew that Tom didn't do it.
I knew that Tom didn't do that by himself.
I knew that Tom didn't do that by mistake.
I knew that Tom didn't do that on Monday.
I knew that Tom didn't do that on purpose.
I knew that Tom didn't do that very much.
I knew that Tom didn't do that very often.
I knew that Tom didn't do that with Mary.
I knew that Tom didn't do that.
I knew that Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
I knew that Tom didn't have any money.
I knew that Tom didn't have enough money to buy the car he wanted.
I knew that Tom didn't have the courage to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't have to do that alone.
I knew that Tom didn't have to do that today.
I knew that Tom didn't intend to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't know French.
I knew that Tom didn't know any other way to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't know anybody who did that.
I knew that Tom didn't know anybody who was able to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't know anyone who does that.
I knew that Tom didn't know anyone who was able to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't know he didn't really have to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't know he didn't really need to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't know how long it was going to take to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't know how much time he'd need to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't know that he didn't really have to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't know that he didn't really need to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't know that we were the ones who had done that.
I knew that Tom didn't know that you did that.
I knew that Tom didn't know that you had been in prison.
I knew that Tom didn't know that you had done that.
I knew that Tom didn't know that you were the one who had done that.
I knew that Tom didn't know that you were the ones who had done that.
I knew that Tom didn't know we were the ones who had done that.
I knew that Tom didn't know whether Mary could do that or not.
I knew that Tom didn't know whether to do that or not.
I knew that Tom didn't know who was going to do that with him.
I knew that Tom didn't know you did that.
I knew that Tom didn't know you had been in prison.
I knew that Tom didn't know you had done that.
I knew that Tom didn't know you were the one who had done that.
I knew that Tom didn't know you were the ones who had done that.
I knew that Tom didn't like doing that.
I knew that Tom didn't like it.
I knew that Tom didn't like me.
I knew that Tom didn't like to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't need me to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't need to do that alone.
I knew that Tom didn't need to do that by himself.
I knew that Tom didn't need to do that with us.
I knew that Tom didn't plan on doing that yesterday.
I knew that Tom didn't plan on doing that.
I knew that Tom didn't plan to do that yesterday.
I knew that Tom didn't plan to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't really enjoy doing that by himself.
I knew that Tom didn't really have to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't really need to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't really want to do that by himself.
I knew that Tom didn't really want to do that with Mary.
I knew that Tom didn't really want to do that yesterday.
I knew that Tom didn't really want to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't want me to do that, but I did it anyway.
I knew that Tom didn't want me to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't want to be the next one to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't want to do that again.
I knew that Tom didn't want to do that alone.
I knew that Tom didn't want to do that by himself.
I knew that Tom didn't want to do that here.
I knew that Tom didn't want to do that today.
I knew that Tom didn't want to do that with Mary.
I knew that Tom didn't want to do that with us.
I knew that Tom didn't want to do that with you.
I knew that Tom didn't want to do that yesterday.
I knew that Tom didn't want to do that, but I wanted him to do it anyway.
I knew that Tom didn't want to do that, but he did it anyway.
I knew that Tom didn't whether he could do that or not.
I knew that Tom didn't win.
I knew that Tom expected Mary to do that.
I knew that Tom expected me to do that.
I knew that Tom expected us to do that.
I knew that Tom expected you to do that.
I knew that Tom got injured doing that.
I knew that Tom had a girlfriend.
I knew that Tom had a lot of fun doing that.
I knew that Tom had agreed to do that.
I knew that Tom had already done that.
I knew that Tom had already tried to do that.
I knew that Tom had done it.
I knew that Tom had done that by himself.
I knew that Tom had done that for us.
I knew that Tom had done that.
I knew that Tom had failed.
I knew that Tom had forgotten to do that.
I knew that Tom had intended to do that yesterday.
I knew that Tom had lied to us.
I knew that Tom had never actually done that.
I knew that Tom had no money.
I knew that Tom had something to do with it.
I knew that Tom had to do that before he could go home.
I knew that Tom had to do that by himself.
I knew that Tom had to do that today.
I knew that Tom had to do that yesterday.
I knew that Tom had to do that.
I knew that Tom had to finish writing the report before he could go home.
I knew that Tom had worked as a bus driver.
I knew that Tom hadn't agreed to do that.
I knew that Tom hadn't done that yet.
I knew that Tom hadn't done that.
I knew that Tom hadn't done what Mary she he'd done.
I knew that Tom hadn't done what he was supposed to do.
I knew that Tom hadn't gotten around to doing that yet.
I knew that Tom hadn't intended to do that.
I knew that Tom hadn't yet done that.
I knew that Tom is in his room writing a letter to Mary.
I knew that Tom isn't as good a cook as I am.
I knew that Tom knew Mary.
I knew that Tom knew how long it was going to take to do that.
I knew that Tom knew how much time it would take for him to do that.
I knew that Tom knew how much time it would take him to do that.
I knew that Tom knew how much time it would take to do that.
I knew that Tom knew how to do that already.
I knew that Tom knew how to do that.
I knew that Tom knew something.
I knew that Tom knew that Mary knew that he didn't like her.
I knew that Tom knew what I wanted to do.
I knew that Tom knew when I wanted to do that.
I knew that Tom knew when Mary wanted to do that.
I knew that Tom knew when Mary was going to do that.
I knew that Tom knew where Mary was going to do that.
I knew that Tom knew where he should be doing that.
I knew that Tom knew where you were planning to do that.
I knew that Tom knew who could do that and who couldn't.
I knew that Tom knew who did that for Mary.
I knew that Tom knew who did that for him.
I knew that Tom knew who did that for me.
I knew that Tom knew who did that for us.
I knew that Tom knew who did that for you.
I knew that Tom knew who did that to Mary.
I knew that Tom knew who had to do that.
I knew that Tom knew who needed to do that.
I knew that Tom knew who wanted to do that.
I knew that Tom knew who was going to do that for Mary.
I knew that Tom knew who was going to do that for him.
I knew that Tom knew who was going to do that for me.
I knew that Tom knew who was going to do that for us.
I knew that Tom knew who was going to do that for you.
I knew that Tom knew who was going to do that with Mary.
I knew that Tom knew who was going to do that.
I knew that Tom knew who was going to help Mary do that.
I knew that Tom knew who was going to help him do that.
I knew that Tom knew why I did that by myself.
I knew that Tom knew why I didn't do that.
I knew that Tom knew why I didn't like to do that.
I knew that Tom knew why I didn't want to do that.
I knew that Tom knew why I had to do that.
I knew that Tom knew why I needed to do that.
I knew that Tom knew why I wanted to do that.
I knew that Tom knew why I was planning on doing that next weekend.
I knew that Tom knew why I was planning to do that next weekend.
I knew that Tom knew why I was planning to do that.
I knew that Tom knew why I was scared to do that.
I knew that Tom knew why Mary did that on Monday.
I knew that Tom knew why Mary didn't do that yesterday.
I knew that Tom knew why Mary didn't do that.
I knew that Tom knew why Mary didn't like to do that.
I knew that Tom knew why Mary didn't want to do that.
I knew that Tom knew why Mary had to do that by herself.
I knew that Tom knew why Mary had to do that yesterday.
I knew that Tom knew why Mary had to do that.
I knew that Tom knew why Mary kept doing that even though he'd asked her not to.
I knew that Tom knew why Mary kept doing that.
I knew that Tom knew why Mary needed to do that.
I knew that Tom knew why Mary wanted him to do that.
I knew that Tom knew why Mary wanted to do that.
I knew that Tom knew why Mary was afraid to do that.
I knew that Tom knew why Mary was doing that by herself.
I knew that Tom knew why Mary was doing that.
I knew that Tom knew why Mary was planning on doing that.
I knew that Tom knew why Mary was planning to do that.
I knew that Tom knew why he should do that.
I knew that Tom knew why he shouldn't do that.
I knew that Tom knew why we couldn't do that for Mary.
I knew that Tom knew why we couldn't do that for him.
I knew that Tom knew why we did that by ourselves.
I knew that Tom knew why you did that alone.
I knew that Tom knew why you did that by yourself.
I knew that Tom knew why you didn't do that.
I knew that Tom knew why you wanted me to do that.
I knew that Tom lied to me.
I knew that Tom lied to us.
I knew that Tom liked doing that by himself.
I knew that Tom liked doing that.
I knew that Tom liked to do that.
I knew that Tom meant no harm.
I knew that Tom might actually do that.
I knew that Tom might ask Mary to do that.
I knew that Tom might be able to do that.
I knew that Tom might be allowed to do that.
I knew that Tom might be interested in doing that with us.
I knew that Tom might be interested in doing that.
I knew that Tom might be permitted to do that again.
I knew that Tom might be permitted to do that by himself.
I knew that Tom might be permitted to do that.
I knew that Tom might be reluctant to do that.
I knew that Tom might be required to do that.
I knew that Tom might be right about that.
I knew that Tom might do that by himself.
I knew that Tom might get hurt if he tried to do that.
I knew that Tom might get in trouble if he did that.
I knew that Tom might get injured if he tried to do that.
I knew that Tom might get killed if he tried to do that.
I knew that Tom might get punished if he did that.
I knew that Tom might have to do that by himself.
I knew that Tom might have to do that this week.
I knew that Tom might have to do that today.
I knew that Tom might have to do that.
I knew that Tom might need to do that by himself.
I knew that Tom might need to do that this week.
I knew that Tom might need to do that today.
I knew that Tom might need to do that.
I knew that Tom might not be able to do that.
I knew that Tom might not be permitted to do that by himself.
I knew that Tom might not be permitted to do that today.
I knew that Tom might not be permitted to do that.
I knew that Tom might not have to do that.
I knew that Tom might not need to do that.
I knew that Tom might not want to do that again.
I knew that Tom might not want to do that anymore.
I knew that Tom might not want to do that by himself.
I knew that Tom might not want to do that.
I knew that Tom might return at any moment.
I knew that Tom might want to do that today.
I knew that Tom might want to do that.
I knew that Tom might want to learn how to do that.
I knew that Tom might've done that on purpose.
I knew that Tom needed to do that again.
I knew that Tom needed to do that today.
I knew that Tom needed to do that.
I knew that Tom ought to do that again.
I knew that Tom ought to do that by himself.
I knew that Tom ought to do that outside.
I knew that Tom played the bass. I just didn't know that he was so good.
I knew that Tom said he'd do that.
I knew that Tom said that he'd do that.
I knew that Tom should do that himself.
I knew that Tom should do that outside.
I knew that Tom shouldn't be doing that.
I knew that Tom shouldn't go outside.
I knew that Tom spent time over at Mary's.
I knew that Tom spoke a little French.
I knew that Tom suspected us.
I knew that Tom thought it would be a good idea to help Mary do that.
I knew that Tom told Mary he couldn't do that.
I knew that Tom told Mary he was going to do that.
I knew that Tom told Mary he wasn't going to do that.
I knew that Tom told Mary not to do that.
I knew that Tom told Mary that he couldn't do that.
I knew that Tom told Mary that he was going to do that.
I knew that Tom told Mary that he wasn't going to do that.
I knew that Tom told Mary to ask John not to do that.
I knew that Tom told Mary to ask John to do that.
I knew that Tom used to live in Australia.
I knew that Tom used to live in Boston.
I knew that Tom wanted Mary to do that.
I knew that Tom wanted to be finished doing that before Monday evening.
I knew that Tom wanted to be the next one to do that.
I knew that Tom wanted to do that again.
I knew that Tom wanted to do that alone.
I knew that Tom wanted to do that by himself.
I knew that Tom wanted to do that here.
I knew that Tom wanted to do that yesterday, but he was busy, so he couldn't.
I knew that Tom wanted to do that.
I knew that Tom wanted us to do that for him.
I knew that Tom was 100% correct.
I knew that Tom was Mary's brother, not her boyfriend.
I knew that Tom was Mary's cousin, not her brother.
I knew that Tom was a Canadian.
I knew that Tom was a French teacher in Boston, so I didn't believe Mary when she told me Tom was a taxi driver in Chicago.
I knew that Tom was a French teacher in Boston, so I didn't believe Mary when she told me he was a taxi driver in Chicago.
I knew that Tom was a French teacher in Boston, so I didn't believe Mary when she told me that Tom was a taxi driver in Chicago.
I knew that Tom was a French teacher in Boston, so I didn't believe Mary when she told me that he was a taxi driver in Chicago.
I knew that Tom was a Vietnam veteran.
I knew that Tom was a bachelor.
I knew that Tom was a bad driver.
I knew that Tom was a bad loser.
I knew that Tom was a bad student. I just didn't know how bad.
I knew that Tom was a ballet dancer.
I knew that Tom was a barber.
I knew that Tom was a bartender.
I knew that Tom was a baseball fan.
I knew that Tom was a better chess player than I was.
I knew that Tom was a better cook than I was.
I knew that Tom was a better cook than Mary.
I knew that Tom was a better cook than me.
I knew that Tom was a better student than Mary was.
I knew that Tom was a better student than Mary.
I knew that Tom was a better swimmer than I was.
I knew that Tom was a better swimmer than Mary.
I knew that Tom was a billionaire.
I knew that Tom was a binge drinker.
I knew that Tom was a bit confused.
I knew that Tom was a bit crazy.
I knew that Tom was a bit strange.
I knew that Tom was a bit tipsy.
I knew that Tom was a bit under the weather.
I knew that Tom was a bit younger than I was.
I knew that Tom was a brave person.
I knew that Tom was a bright kid.
I knew that Tom was a bully.
I knew that Tom was a bum.
I knew that Tom was a busy man.
I knew that Tom was a busy person.
I knew that Tom was a child psychologist.
I knew that Tom was a close friend of Mary's.
I knew that Tom was a compulsive gambler.
I knew that Tom was a con artist.
I knew that Tom was a cook.
I knew that Tom was a coward.
I knew that Tom was a crooked cop.
I knew that Tom was a dairy farmer.
I knew that Tom was a decent guy.
I knew that Tom was a divorce lawyer, so I called him up.
I knew that Tom was a fast eater, so I ate as quickly as I could, so we'd finish eating at about the same time.
I knew that Tom was a former student of Mary's, so I asked him if he thought she was a good teacher.
I knew that Tom was a former student of Mary's, so I asked him if he thought that she was a good teacher.
I knew that Tom was a good carpenter. That's why I wanted him to help me build my house.
I knew that Tom was a good chess player, but I didn't think he'd be good enough to beat me.
I knew that Tom was a good chess player, but I didn't think that he'd be good enough to beat me.
I knew that Tom was a good cook because I'd eaten a lot of things that he's cooked.
I knew that Tom was a good drummer. That's why I asked him to play with us.
I knew that Tom was a good salesman. That's why I hired him.
I knew that Tom was a good skier, but I didn't know he was this good.
I knew that Tom was a good songwriter, but his latest song is really much better than I ever expected.
I knew that Tom was a good volleyball player, but I didn't know he was this good.
I knew that Tom was a good worker, but I was still very impressed with the amount of work he did this week.
I knew that Tom was a guitar teacher, so I asked him to teach me how to play the guitar.
I knew that Tom was a guitarist, but I didn't know he could play so well.
I knew that Tom was a guitarist, but I'd never heard him play until tonight.
I knew that Tom was a gun owner, but I didn't know he had so many guns.
I knew that Tom was a gun owner, but I didn't know that he had so many guns.
I knew that Tom was a gymnast, but I didn't know he was so good.
I knew that Tom was a high school dropout, but I hired him anyway.
I knew that Tom was a little older than me.
I knew that Tom was a little taller than me.
I knew that Tom was a little under the weather.
I knew that Tom was a little upset.
I knew that Tom was a little worried about Mary.
I knew that Tom was a little worried about what might happen if he did that.
I knew that Tom was a little worried about what might happen.
I knew that Tom was a little worried.
I knew that Tom was a locksmith.
I knew that Tom was a long-time Boston resident.
I knew that Tom was a lot more creative than Mary.
I knew that Tom was a lot older than he said he was.
I knew that Tom was a lot younger than Mary.
I knew that Tom was a lot younger than he said he was.
I knew that Tom was a married man, but I flirted with him anyway.
I knew that Tom was a methamphetamine addict.
I knew that Tom was a native French speaker.
I knew that Tom was a painter.
I knew that Tom was a pretty good carpenter. That's why I asked him to help me.
I knew that Tom was a pretty good jazz saxophone player. That's why I wanted him to join our band.
I knew that Tom was a pretty good jazz saxophonist. That's why I wanted him to join our band.
I knew that Tom was a really bad driver.
I knew that Tom was a really good dancer. I just didn't know that he was so good.
I knew that Tom was a really good singer.
I knew that Tom was a really good songwriter.
I knew that Tom was a really good student.
I knew that Tom was a really smart guy.
I knew that Tom was a really talented chess player.
I knew that Tom was a reasonable guy.
I knew that Tom was a reasonable man.
I knew that Tom was a reckless young fellow.
I knew that Tom was a sociopath.
I knew that Tom was a traitor.
I knew that Tom was a troublemaker.
I knew that Tom was a truck driver.
I knew that Tom was a trumpet player.
I knew that Tom was a twin.
I knew that Tom was a used car salesman.
I knew that Tom was a vegetarian, so I didn't serve him any meat.
I knew that Tom was a very bad cook.
I knew that Tom was a very bad driver.
I knew that Tom was a very competitive guy.
I knew that Tom was a very creative person.
I knew that Tom was a very fussy eater.
I knew that Tom was a very good banjo player.
I knew that Tom was a very good bass player. That's why I asked him to join our band.
I knew that Tom was a very good chess player.
I knew that Tom was a very good student.
I knew that Tom was a very nice guy.
I knew that Tom was a very patient man.
I knew that Tom was a very rich man.
I knew that Tom was a very sick man.
I knew that Tom was a very sound sleeper, so I didn't even try to be quiet.
I knew that Tom was a violin teacher, so I asked him to teach my son.
I knew that Tom was a widower and I also knew Mary was a widow.
I knew that Tom was a widower and I also knew that Mary was a widow.
I knew that Tom was able to do that.
I knew that Tom was able to understand French.
I knew that Tom was about ready to do that.
I knew that Tom was about to cry.
I knew that Tom was about to do that.
I knew that Tom was about to fall asleep.
I knew that Tom was absent because he was in the hospital.
I knew that Tom was absent because he was sick.
I knew that Tom was abusing his authority.
I knew that Tom was active in his church.
I knew that Tom was adopted.
I knew that Tom was afraid he might hurt Mary's feelings.
I knew that Tom was afraid he might lose everything.
I knew that Tom was afraid he'd get fired.
I knew that Tom was afraid he'd get lost.
I knew that Tom was afraid of Mary's dog.
I knew that Tom was afraid of Mary.
I knew that Tom was afraid of being cheated.
I knew that Tom was afraid of catching a cold.
I knew that Tom was afraid of everybody.
I knew that Tom was afraid of everyone.
I knew that Tom was afraid of flying.
I knew that Tom was afraid of ghosts.
I knew that Tom was afraid of heights.
I knew that Tom was afraid of his grandfather.
I knew that Tom was afraid of me.
I knew that Tom was afraid of my dog.
I knew that Tom was afraid of snakes.
I knew that Tom was afraid that he might hurt Mary's feelings.
I knew that Tom was afraid that he might lose everything.
I knew that Tom was afraid that he'd get fired.
I knew that Tom was afraid that he'd get lost.
I knew that Tom was afraid that the police might arrest him.
I knew that Tom was afraid to do that.
I knew that Tom was afraid to go home.
I knew that Tom was afraid to go into the cave.
I knew that Tom was afraid to leave his house.
I knew that Tom was afraid to refuse to do that.
I knew that Tom was afraid to say anything.
I knew that Tom was afraid to walk through the woods alone.
I knew that Tom was afraid to walk through the woods at night.
I knew that Tom was afraid.
I knew that Tom was against it.
I knew that Tom was against the plan.
I knew that Tom was agitated.
I knew that Tom was agnostic.
I knew that Tom was all alone.
I knew that Tom was all by himself.
I knew that Tom was allergic to peanuts, so I didn't put any peanuts in these cookies.
I knew that Tom was allowed to do that.
I knew that Tom was almost always at home on Monday, so I went to see him last Monday, but he wasn't at home.
I knew that Tom was almost always at home on Monday, so I went to see him last Monday.
I knew that Tom was almost asleep.
I knew that Tom was almost broke, so I lent him some money.
I knew that Tom was almost deaf, so I spoke as loudly as I could.
I knew that Tom was almost done doing what he wanted to do, so I decided to wait for him.
I knew that Tom was alone in his office, writing a report.
I knew that Tom was alone in his room, reading a book.
I knew that Tom was already doing that.
I knew that Tom was already finished doing that.
I knew that Tom was annoyed.
I knew that Tom was at home waiting for Mary.
I knew that Tom was better at doing that than I was.
I knew that Tom was better at playing the trombone than Mary.
I knew that Tom was bluffing.
I knew that Tom was busy.
I knew that Tom was capable of doing that.
I knew that Tom was coming back.
I knew that Tom was coming.
I knew that Tom was cruel.
I knew that Tom was dead.
I knew that Tom was desperate to do that.
I knew that Tom was determined to do that.
I knew that Tom was different.
I knew that Tom was doing that for Mary.
I knew that Tom was doing that yesterday.
I knew that Tom was doing that.
I knew that Tom was drunk.
I knew that Tom was expecting Mary to do that for him.
I knew that Tom was expecting us.
I knew that Tom was expecting you to do that for Mary.
I knew that Tom was expecting you to do that for him.
I knew that Tom was expecting you to do that.
I knew that Tom was finished doing that already.
I knew that Tom was finished doing that.
I knew that Tom was from Australia.
I knew that Tom was from Boston.
I knew that Tom was going to ask Mary not to do that.
I knew that Tom was going to ask Mary to do that.
I knew that Tom was going to ask everybody not to do that.
I knew that Tom was going to ask everybody to do that.
I knew that Tom was going to ask everyone not to do that.
I knew that Tom was going to ask everyone to do that.
I knew that Tom was going to ask me not to do that.
I knew that Tom was going to ask me to do that.
I knew that Tom was going to ask somebody else to do that.
I knew that Tom was going to ask someone else to do that.
I knew that Tom was going to ask us not to do that.
I knew that Tom was going to ask us to do that.
I knew that Tom was going to ask you not to do that.
I knew that Tom was going to ask you to do that.
I knew that Tom was going to be able to do that.
I knew that Tom was going to be arrested sooner or later.
I knew that Tom was going to be the one to do that.
I knew that Tom was going to be the one who had to do that.
I knew that Tom was going to cry.
I knew that Tom was going to do that again.
I knew that Tom was going to do that eventually.
I knew that Tom was going to do that for me.
I knew that Tom was going to do that for us.
I knew that Tom was going to do that in Australia last month.
I knew that Tom was going to do that in Boston last week.
I knew that Tom was going to do that today.
I knew that Tom was going to do that with Mary.
I knew that Tom was going to do that yesterday.
I knew that Tom was going to do that, too.
I knew that Tom was going to do that.
I knew that Tom was going to enjoy doing that.
I knew that Tom was going to find out who did that.
I knew that Tom was going to go, no matter what Mary said.
I knew that Tom was going to help Mary do that.
I knew that Tom was going to learn how to do that.
I knew that Tom was going to like doing that.
I knew that Tom was going to wait for Mary.
I knew that Tom was going to want to do that.
I knew that Tom was going to win.
I knew that Tom was good at doing that.
I knew that Tom was good.
I knew that Tom was guilty.
I knew that Tom was heating up leftovers.
I knew that Tom was here somewhere.
I knew that Tom was here.
I knew that Tom was holding out on me.
I knew that Tom was hungry.
I knew that Tom was in Australia.
I knew that Tom was in Boston.
I knew that Tom was in bed.
I knew that Tom was in his bedroom cleaning out his closet.
I knew that Tom was in his bedroom counting his money.
I knew that Tom was in his bedroom doing his homework.
I knew that Tom was in his bedroom sound asleep.
I knew that Tom was in his office doing paperwork.
I knew that Tom was in his room listening to music.
I knew that Tom was in his room reading.
I knew that Tom was in his room writing a letter to Mary.
I knew that Tom was in the garage, working on his car.
I knew that Tom was in the kitchen, cooking.
I knew that Tom was in the kitchen, making spaghetti.
I knew that Tom was interested in doing that.
I knew that Tom was into that stuff.
I knew that Tom was jealous.
I knew that Tom was just a freshman, so I was surprised to see him hanging out with seniors.
I knew that Tom was keeping something from me.
I knew that Tom was kidding.
I knew that Tom was likely to do that.
I knew that Tom was lying to me.
I knew that Tom was lying to us.
I knew that Tom was lying.
I knew that Tom was making a lot more money than I was.
I knew that Tom was making spaghetti.
I knew that Tom was married.
I knew that Tom was motivated to do that.
I knew that Tom was no good.
I knew that Tom was old enough to do that.
I knew that Tom was older than Mary.
I knew that Tom was peeling potatoes.
I knew that Tom was planning on asking Mary not to do that.
I knew that Tom was planning on asking Mary to do that.
I knew that Tom was planning on doing that today.
I knew that Tom was planning on doing that.
I knew that Tom was planning on telling Mary not to do that.
I knew that Tom was planning on telling Mary to do that.
I knew that Tom was planning to ask Mary not to do that.
I knew that Tom was planning to ask Mary to do that.
I knew that Tom was planning to do that today.
I knew that Tom was planning to do that.
I knew that Tom was planning to tell Mary not to do that.
I knew that Tom was planning to tell Mary to do that.
I knew that Tom was ready to do that.
I knew that Tom was reluctant to do that.
I knew that Tom was scared.
I knew that Tom was shy.
I knew that Tom was standing behind the curtain.
I knew that Tom was still in his room, studying.
I knew that Tom was still in the kitchen, washing dishes.
I knew that Tom was still sitting in his car, waiting for Mary.
I knew that Tom was still there waiting for me.
I knew that Tom was still willing to do that.
I knew that Tom was studying French.
I knew that Tom was studying.
I knew that Tom was supposed to be doing that.
I knew that Tom was supposed to do that by himself.
I knew that Tom was supposed to do that this morning.
I knew that Tom was supposed to do that yesterday.
I knew that Tom was supposed to do that.
I knew that Tom was supposed to help Mary do that.
I knew that Tom was supposed to help me do that.
I knew that Tom was supposed to help us do that.
I knew that Tom was telling the truth.
I knew that Tom was tempted to do that.
I knew that Tom was the kind of guy who would do that kind of thing.
I knew that Tom was the one who did it.
I knew that Tom was the one who wanted to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to show Mary how to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that anymore.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't have to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't need to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she had to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she has to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needed to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she didn't have to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she didn't need to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she had to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she has to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she needed to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she needs to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she ought to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she should do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary what to do that.
I knew that Tom was the only one who did that.
I knew that Tom was the traitor.
I knew that Tom was the type of person who would do that.
I knew that Tom was there.
I knew that Tom was through doing that.
I knew that Tom was trying to do that.
I knew that Tom was unlikely to do that.
I knew that Tom was unlikely to want to do that.
I knew that Tom was up to some foolishness.
I knew that Tom was up to something.
I knew that Tom was upstairs in his room.
I knew that Tom was upstairs, crying in his room.
I knew that Tom was used to getting up early.
I knew that Tom was very angry.
I knew that Tom was very busy.
I knew that Tom was very unlikely to be able to do that.
I knew that Tom was waiting for Mary to do that.
I knew that Tom was waiting for Mary.
I knew that Tom was wasting his time doing that.
I knew that Tom was wrong about Mary.
I knew that Tom wasn't Mary's brother.
I knew that Tom wasn't Mary's husband.
I knew that Tom wasn't a Vietnam veteran.
I knew that Tom wasn't a bachelor.
I knew that Tom wasn't a bad golfer.
I knew that Tom wasn't a bad person.
I knew that Tom wasn't a bad student.
I knew that Tom wasn't a barber.
I knew that Tom wasn't a bartender.
I knew that Tom wasn't a baseball fan.
I knew that Tom wasn't a brave person.
I knew that Tom wasn't a bully.
I knew that Tom wasn't a close friend of Mary's.
I knew that Tom wasn't a coward.
I knew that Tom wasn't a good driver, but I let him drive anyway.
I knew that Tom wasn't a good student.
I knew that Tom wasn't a lieutenant.
I knew that Tom wasn't a long-time Boston resident.
I knew that Tom wasn't a native French speaker.
I knew that Tom wasn't a really bad driver.
I knew that Tom wasn't a really good dancer, but I agreed to dance with him anyway.
I knew that Tom wasn't a reckless young fellow.
I knew that Tom wasn't a talkative person, so I asked him a lot of questions to get him talking.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very creative person.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very fussy eater.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very good banjo player.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very good carpenter. That's why I didn't ask him for help.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very good chess player.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very good coach.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very good cook.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very good driver, but I lent him my car anyway.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very good driver, but I let him drive anyway.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very good singer.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very good student.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very good teacher.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very nice boy.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very nice guy.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very patient man.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very reasonable guy.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very reasonable man.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very smart guy.
I knew that Tom wasn't able to understand French.
I knew that Tom wasn't afraid of Mary's dog.
I knew that Tom wasn't afraid of anybody.
I knew that Tom wasn't afraid of anyone.
I knew that Tom wasn't afraid of ghosts.
I knew that Tom wasn't afraid to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't against it.
I knew that Tom wasn't allowed to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't alone in the living room.
I knew that Tom wasn't as good a cook as I was.
I knew that Tom wasn't as good a student as Mary.
I knew that Tom wasn't as old as Mary.
I knew that Tom wasn't as rich as Mary.
I knew that Tom wasn't as smart as Mary.
I knew that Tom wasn't busy.
I knew that Tom wasn't capable of doing that.
I knew that Tom wasn't dead.
I knew that Tom wasn't finished doing that yet.
I knew that Tom wasn't finished doing that.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to Australia.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to Boston.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to be able to do that without our help.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to be able to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to be busy today.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to be here.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to change.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to confess.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to do that again.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to do that today.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to do that tomorrow.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to go, no matter what Mary said.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to hurt me.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to like it.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to listen.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to lose.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to make it.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to mind.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to object.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to prison.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to resign.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to say no.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to see me.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to sing.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to stay.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to stop.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to talk.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to wait for Mary.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to wait for me.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to wait for us.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to wait for you.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to wait.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to win.
I knew that Tom wasn't good at French.
I knew that Tom wasn't good at chess.
I knew that Tom wasn't good at cooking.
I knew that Tom wasn't good at driving.
I knew that Tom wasn't good at lying.
I knew that Tom wasn't good at sports.
I knew that Tom wasn't happy about this.
I knew that Tom wasn't happy.
I knew that Tom wasn't hungry.
I knew that Tom wasn't in Australia.
I knew that Tom wasn't in Boston.
I knew that Tom wasn't in love with me.
I knew that Tom wasn't in the kitchen.
I knew that Tom wasn't interested in doing that.
I knew that Tom wasn't kidding.
I knew that Tom wasn't laughing at you.
I knew that Tom wasn't likely to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't likely to lose.
I knew that Tom wasn't likely to win.
I knew that Tom wasn't married anymore.
I knew that Tom wasn't nervous doing that.
I knew that Tom wasn't paid for doing that.
I knew that Tom wasn't peeling potatoes.
I knew that Tom wasn't planning on doing that.
I knew that Tom wasn't planning to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't quite ready to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't ready to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't ready to leave.
I knew that Tom wasn't ready to quit.
I knew that Tom wasn't really an expert.
I knew that Tom wasn't really busy.
I knew that Tom wasn't really going to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't really sick.
I knew that Tom wasn't related to me.
I knew that Tom wasn't supposed to do that by himself.
I knew that Tom wasn't supposed to do that this morning.
I knew that Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't telling the truth.
I knew that Tom wasn't the first one to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't the one who did that.
I knew that Tom wasn't the only one who did that.
I knew that Tom wasn't through doing that yet.
I knew that Tom wasn't to be trusted.
I knew that Tom wasn't used to getting up early.
I knew that Tom wasn't very artistic.
I knew that Tom wasn't very athletic.
I knew that Tom wasn't very busy.
I knew that Tom wasn't very creative.
I knew that Tom wasn't very good at playing the flute.
I knew that Tom wasn't very reliable.
I knew that Tom wasn't yet finished doing that.
I knew that Tom went to this school.
I knew that Tom would accept my invitation.
I knew that Tom would accept our offer.
I knew that Tom would agree to do that.
I knew that Tom would allow Mary to do that on her own if she were a little older.
I knew that Tom would allow Mary to do that on her own.
I knew that Tom would allow Mary to do that.
I knew that Tom would allow me to do that.
I knew that Tom would allow us to do that.
I knew that Tom would allow you to do that by yourself.
I knew that Tom would allow you to do that.
I knew that Tom would appreciate your help.
I knew that Tom would ask Mary to do that.
I knew that Tom would ask Mary to eat dinner with him.
I knew that Tom would ask that.
I knew that Tom would ask.
I knew that Tom would back down.
I knew that Tom would back out.
I knew that Tom would be a difficult person to deal with.
I knew that Tom would be a good basketball coach. That's why I hired him.
I knew that Tom would be a good teacher.
I knew that Tom would be a hard man to deal with.
I knew that Tom would be a hard person to please.
I knew that Tom would be able to convince Mary to do that if he tried to.
I knew that Tom would be able to convince Mary to do that.
I knew that Tom would be able to do that by himself.
I knew that Tom would be able to do that if he put his mind to it.
I knew that Tom would be able to do that if he really needed to.
I knew that Tom would be able to do that if he really put his mind to it.
I knew that Tom would be able to do that if he really wanted to.
I knew that Tom would be able to do that if you helped him.
I knew that Tom would be able to do that on Monday.
I knew that Tom would be able to do that well.
I knew that Tom would be able to do that without some help.
I knew that Tom would be able to do that.
I knew that Tom would be able to figure out how to do that.
I knew that Tom would be able to talk Mary into doing that.
I knew that Tom would be able to win.
I knew that Tom would be afraid to do that.
I knew that Tom would be allowed to do that.
I knew that Tom would be allowed to do what he wanted to do.
I knew that Tom would be allowed to do what he wanted.
I knew that Tom would be allowed to do whatever he wanted to do.
I knew that Tom would be angry if you did that without him.
I knew that Tom would be angry if you did that.
I knew that Tom would be annoyed if you did that.
I knew that Tom would be annoyed.
I knew that Tom would be arrested sooner or later.
I knew that Tom would be awake.
I knew that Tom would be back.
I knew that Tom would be better at doing that than Mary.
I knew that Tom would be busy today.
I knew that Tom would be busy.
I knew that Tom would be caught.
I knew that Tom would be confused by your explanation.
I knew that Tom would be doing that all day.
I knew that Tom would be doing that by himself.
I knew that Tom would be doing that outside.
I knew that Tom would be doing that with Mary.
I knew that Tom would be doing that yesterday.
I knew that Tom would be doing that.
I knew that Tom would be excused from doing that.
I knew that Tom would be faster at doing that than Mary.
I knew that Tom would be finished doing that by 2:30.
I knew that Tom would be fired for doing that.
I knew that Tom would be forgiven for doing that.
I knew that Tom would be forgiven if he did that.
I knew that Tom would be happier if he did that.
I knew that Tom would be happy doing that.
I knew that Tom would be happy if you did that.
I knew that Tom would be happy to do that.
I knew that Tom would be heartbroken.
I knew that Tom would be here.
I knew that Tom would be hesitant to do that.
I knew that Tom would be interested in doing that with us.
I knew that Tom would be interested in doing that.
I knew that Tom would be late.
I knew that Tom would be mad if you did that without him.
I knew that Tom would be mad if you did that.
I knew that Tom would be motivated to do that.
I knew that Tom would be nervous doing that.
I knew that Tom would be opposed to doing that.
I knew that Tom would be permitted to do that.
I knew that Tom would be quicker at doing that than Mary.
I knew that Tom would be ready to do that.
I knew that Tom would be reluctant to do that.
I knew that Tom would be shocked.
I knew that Tom would be surprised if I did that.
I knew that Tom would be surprised if Mary did that.
I knew that Tom would be surprised if we did that.
I knew that Tom would be surprised if you did that.
I knew that Tom would be tempted to do that.
I knew that Tom would be the first one to do that.
I knew that Tom would be the last one to do that.
I knew that Tom would be the next one to do that.
I knew that Tom would be the winner.
I knew that Tom would be there.
I knew that Tom would be thirsty.
I knew that Tom would be through doing that by 2:30.
I knew that Tom would be too tired to help.
I knew that Tom would be unhappy with the results.
I knew that Tom would be upset if I did that.
I knew that Tom would be willing to do that.
I knew that Tom would be willing to help us do that.
I knew that Tom would be willing to show me how to do that.
I knew that Tom would bring his girlfriend to the party.
I knew that Tom would come back.
I knew that Tom would come by himself.
I knew that Tom would come.
I knew that Tom would cry.
I knew that Tom would do it properly.
I knew that Tom would do something romantic.
I knew that Tom would do something stupid.
I knew that Tom would do that again if he had the chance.
I knew that Tom would do that again.
I knew that Tom would do that by himself.
I knew that Tom would do that for Mary.
I knew that Tom would do that for you if you asked him to.
I knew that Tom would do that if he had the chance.
I knew that Tom would do that if you asked him to.
I knew that Tom would do that right away.
I knew that Tom would do that sooner or later.
I knew that Tom would do that yesterday.
I knew that Tom would do that.
I knew that Tom would do what we asked him to do.
I knew that Tom would do what we asked.
I knew that Tom would enjoy doing that with us.
I knew that Tom would enjoy doing that.
I knew that Tom would enjoy the party.
I knew that Tom would equivocate.
I knew that Tom would eventually leave.
I knew that Tom would eventually want to do that.
I knew that Tom would fail his French test.
I knew that Tom would find it.
I knew that Tom would find us.
I knew that Tom would forget to do that.
I knew that Tom would forgive me.
I knew that Tom would get angry if you did that without him.
I knew that Tom would get better.
I knew that Tom would get fired for doing that.
I knew that Tom would get fired if he did that.
I knew that Tom would get into trouble for doing that.
I knew that Tom would get into trouble if he did that.
I knew that Tom would get into trouble.
I knew that Tom would get mad if you did that.
I knew that Tom would go home early today.
I knew that Tom would go there.
I knew that Tom would go to the dance with Mary.
I knew that Tom would go.
I knew that Tom would guess the answer.
I knew that Tom would have a great time.
I knew that Tom would have enough money.
I knew that Tom would have enough time.
I knew that Tom would have fun doing that.
I knew that Tom would have the courage to do that.
I knew that Tom would have the time to do that.
I knew that Tom would have time to do that yesterday.
I knew that Tom would have to do that.
I knew that Tom would have to stay in Australia longer than he had planned to.
I knew that Tom would have to stay in Boston longer than he had planned to.
I knew that Tom would help Mary do that.
I knew that Tom would help me do that.
I knew that Tom would help me.
I knew that Tom would kiss Mary.
I knew that Tom would kiss you.
I knew that Tom would know how to do that.
I knew that Tom would know not to do that.
I knew that Tom would laugh.
I knew that Tom would leave early.
I knew that Tom would leave eventually.
I knew that Tom would let Mary do that.
I knew that Tom would let you do that by yourself.
I knew that Tom would lie to us about that.
I knew that Tom would like Mary.
I knew that Tom would like doing that.
I knew that Tom would like it here.
I knew that Tom would like it if I did that.
I knew that Tom would like it if Mary did that.
I knew that Tom would like it if we did that.
I knew that Tom would like the party.
I knew that Tom would like to be the first one to do that.
I knew that Tom would like to be the last one to do that.
I knew that Tom would like to be the next one to do that.
I knew that Tom would like to do that again.
I knew that Tom would like to know that you're planning to do that.
I knew that Tom would like you to do that for him.
I knew that Tom would likely agree to do that.
I knew that Tom would likely be able to do that.
I knew that Tom would likely do that for you if you asked him politely.
I knew that Tom would likely do that.
I knew that Tom would likely have to do that.
I knew that Tom would likely need to do that.
I knew that Tom would likely not agree to do that.
I knew that Tom would likely not be able to do that.
I knew that Tom would likely not need to do that again.
I knew that Tom would likely not need to do that.
I knew that Tom would likely not want to do that.
I knew that Tom would likely refuse to do that.
I knew that Tom would likely want to do that.
I knew that Tom would lose.
I knew that Tom would love the gift you gave him.
I knew that Tom would need help figuring out how to do that.
I knew that Tom would need to do that.
I knew that Tom would panic.
I knew that Tom would pass the exam.
I knew that Tom would permit Mary to do that.
I knew that Tom would permit me to do that.
I knew that Tom would permit you to do that.
I knew that Tom would probably be happy to do that for you.
I knew that Tom would really do that by himself.
I knew that Tom would really enjoy doing that.
I knew that Tom would refuse to do that.
I knew that Tom would regret doing that.
I knew that Tom would say no.
I knew that Tom would say something stupid.
I knew that Tom would show Mary how to do that even though he said he wouldn't.
I knew that Tom would show Mary how to do that even though he said that he wouldn't.
I knew that Tom would show Mary how to do that if she asked him to.
I knew that Tom would show Mary how to do that.
I knew that Tom would show me how to do that.
I knew that Tom would show up eventually.
I knew that Tom would show you how to do that if you asked him to.
I knew that Tom would show you how to do that if you asked him.
I knew that Tom would show you how to do that.
I knew that Tom would sing that song.
I knew that Tom would stop Mary.
I knew that Tom would suspect me.
I knew that Tom would tell Mary how to do that if she asked him to.
I knew that Tom would tell Mary how to do that.
I knew that Tom would tell everybody.
I knew that Tom would tell everyone.
I knew that Tom would tell me how to do that.
I knew that Tom would tell you how to do that if you asked him to.
I knew that Tom would tell you how to do that if you asked him.
I knew that Tom would tell you how to do that.
I knew that Tom would try to convince Mary not to go.
I knew that Tom would try to talk Mary out of going.
I knew that Tom would unlikely agree to do that.
I knew that Tom would volunteer.
I knew that Tom would wait for us.
I knew that Tom would want to do that.
I knew that Tom would want to go home early today.
I knew that Tom would want to go to Australia with Mary.
I knew that Tom would want to go to Australia with me.
I knew that Tom would want to go to Boston with Mary.
I knew that Tom would want to go with us.
I knew that Tom would want to sing.
I knew that Tom would win.
I knew that Tom would've allowed you to do that if you'd asked him.
I knew that Tom would've done that if Mary hadn't been there.
I knew that Tom wouldn't accept my invitation.
I knew that Tom wouldn't accept our offer.
I knew that Tom wouldn't agree to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't ask Mary not to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't ask Mary to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't back down.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be a very good teacher.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to come.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that as fast as Mary.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that as quickly as Mary.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that as well as Mary.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that by himself.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that correctly.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that for Mary.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that for me.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that for us.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that this morning.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that without our help.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that without some help.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to figure out how to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to find a babysitter on such short notice.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to find a job in Boston.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to find a job.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to find his passport.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to get into the bar.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to get the box open.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to get the jar open.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to get the loan.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to guess the answer.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to help us.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to keep Mary from doing that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to learn enough French in just three weeks.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to swim all the way to the island.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to win.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be afraid to do that if you did it with him.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be afraid.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be allowed to do what he wanted to do.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be allowed to do what he wanted.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be awake.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be back.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be busy.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be foolish enough to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be happy if you did that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be here.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be interested in doing that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be late.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be mad if you did that without him.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be motivated to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be shocked.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be so busy today.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to do that alone.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to do that by himself.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be surprised.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be tempted to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be the winner.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be there.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be willing to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't buy that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't care if Mary did that by herself.
I knew that Tom wouldn't care if you did that by yourself.
I knew that Tom wouldn't come back.
I knew that Tom wouldn't come.
I knew that Tom wouldn't confess.
I knew that Tom wouldn't cry.
I knew that Tom wouldn't dance.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do anything stupid.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do anything.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do it properly.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do that again.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do that by himself.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do that for us.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do that properly.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do that unless you did it with him.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do that yesterday.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do what we asked him to do.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do what we asked.
I knew that Tom wouldn't eat that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't eat the stew Mary made for him.
I knew that Tom wouldn't eat the stew that Mary made for him.
I knew that Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that by himself.
I knew that Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that with Mary.
I knew that Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that with me.
I knew that Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that with us.
I knew that Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't enjoy the party.
I knew that Tom wouldn't fail his French test.
I knew that Tom wouldn't forgive me.
I knew that Tom wouldn't get caught.
I knew that Tom wouldn't get into trouble for doing that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't get the job he wanted.
I knew that Tom wouldn't get the safe open.
I knew that Tom wouldn't go home early.
I knew that Tom wouldn't go there if you didn't go with him.
I knew that Tom wouldn't go to the dance with Mary.
I knew that Tom wouldn't go.
I knew that Tom wouldn't guess the answer.
I knew that Tom wouldn't have a good time.
I knew that Tom wouldn't have any fun at the party.
I knew that Tom wouldn't have done that if Mary hadn't been there.
I knew that Tom wouldn't have enough money.
I knew that Tom wouldn't have enough time.
I knew that Tom wouldn't have fun doing that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't have the courage to quit.
I knew that Tom wouldn't have to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't have to stay in Australia all week.
I knew that Tom wouldn't have to stay in Boston all week.
I knew that Tom wouldn't help Mary do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't help Mary.
I knew that Tom wouldn't help you do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't hurt me.
I knew that Tom wouldn't kiss Mary goodnight.
I knew that Tom wouldn't kiss you.
I knew that Tom wouldn't know how to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't leave early.
I knew that Tom wouldn't leave without me.
I knew that Tom wouldn't let Mary go home early.
I knew that Tom wouldn't lie to us.
I knew that Tom wouldn't like Mary.
I knew that Tom wouldn't like doing that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't like it here.
I knew that Tom wouldn't like it if Mary did that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't like the party.
I knew that Tom wouldn't like the way Mary danced.
I knew that Tom wouldn't like to be the first one to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't likely agree to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't likely be able to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't likely do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't likely have to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't lose.
I knew that Tom wouldn't make Mary do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't mind doing that for Mary.
I knew that Tom wouldn't mind if we did that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't mind if you did that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't need to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't pass the exam.
I knew that Tom wouldn't pass the examination.
I knew that Tom wouldn't refuse to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't say anything else.
I knew that Tom wouldn't say anything stupid.
I knew that Tom wouldn't say no.
I knew that Tom wouldn't sing that song.
I knew that Tom wouldn't sing.
I knew that Tom wouldn't suspect anything.
I knew that Tom wouldn't take his hat off.
I knew that Tom wouldn't try to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't wait for Mary.
I knew that Tom wouldn't wait for us.
I knew that Tom wouldn't wait.
I knew that Tom wouldn't want me to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't want to do that by himself.
I knew that Tom wouldn't want to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't want to go to Australia with Mary.
I knew that Tom wouldn't want to go to Australia with me.
I knew that Tom wouldn't want to go to Boston with Mary.
I knew that Tom wouldn't want to go with us.
I knew that Tom wouldn't want to sing.
I knew that Tom wouldn't want to stop doing that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't win.
I knew that all along.
I knew that already.
I knew that at the time.
I knew that before you did.
I knew that candy wasn't good for my teeth.
I knew that eventually this would happen.
I knew that guy wasn't one of us.
I knew that he had no money.
I knew that he knew what I was doing.
I knew that he lies.
I knew that he was an artist, but I didn't know that he was good.
I knew that he was lying.
I knew that he was reading.
I knew that he was trying to use that money to become governor.
I knew that he wasn't dead.
I knew that he would win.
I knew that if I let Tom leave, he'd never come back.
I knew that in part.
I knew that information.
I knew that it was OK at that point.
I knew that it was better for me to say nothing.
I knew that it was going to be like that.
I knew that it was going to happen.
I knew that it was going to hurt Tom.
I knew that it was my sister's voice.
I knew that it was time to leave.
I knew that it was wrong.
I knew that it was you all the time.
I knew that it was you.
I knew that it wasn't an accident.
I knew that it wasn't true.
I knew that it wasn't yours.
I knew that it would be difficult to do that.
I knew that it would be easy to do that.
I knew that it would be easy.
I knew that it would be hard to do that.
I knew that it wouldn't be difficult to do that.
I knew that it wouldn't be easy to do that.
I knew that it wouldn't be easy.
I knew that it wouldn't be hard to do that.
I knew that it wouldn't be that easy.
I knew that might be my only chance to escape.
I knew that my car had been stolen.
I knew that my leg was broken.
I knew that no one cared about me.
I knew that nobody cared about me.
I knew that seclusion and solitude were very necessary for my friend in those hours of intense mental concentration during which he weighed every particle of evidence, constructed alternative theories, balanced one against the other, and made up his mind as to which points were essential and which immaterial.
I knew that she had drawn well in her childhood.
I knew that somebody would come.
I knew that somebody would rescue us.
I knew that someone would come.
I knew that someone would rescue us.
I knew that something bad might happen.
I knew that something bad was about to happen.
I knew that something bad was going to happen.
I knew that something funny might happen.
I knew that something good was about to happen.
I knew that something horrible was about to happen.
I knew that something like this might happen.
I knew that something strange might happen.
I knew that something terrible was about to happen.
I knew that something was wrong.
I knew that something wasn't right.
I knew that teacher had a thing for me.
I knew that that might be my only chance to escape.
I knew that that was Tom's handwriting.
I knew that that was Tom.
I knew that that was going to be difficult.
I knew that that was going to be hard.
I knew that that was going to happen.
I knew that that was what you wanted.
I knew that that wasn't correct.
I knew that that wasn't going to happen.
I knew that that wasn't true.
I knew that that would happen.
I knew that that would interest you.
I knew that the Quran was the word of God.
I knew that the bill would be rejected.
I knew that the euro would be more than 410 forints shortly again.
I knew that there had to be a better way.
I knew that there was more to tell.
I knew that there was something wrong.
I knew that they spied on me.
I knew that they were looking for me.
I knew that this might happen.
I knew that this was a stupid idea.
I knew that this would be difficult to do.
I knew that this would be hard to do.
I knew that this would be interesting.
I knew that this would end.
I knew that this would happen again.
I knew that this would happen.
I knew that this would upset you.
I knew that three years ago already.
I knew that today would be fun.
I knew that was Tom's handwriting.
I knew that was Tom.
I knew that was going to be difficult.
I knew that was going to be hard.
I knew that was going to happen.
I knew that was her.
I knew that was him.
I knew that was them.
I knew that was what you wanted.
I knew that wasn't correct.
I knew that wasn't going to happen.
I knew that wasn't true.
I knew that we could do that.
I knew that we didn't have a choice.
I knew that we should've gone to Australia.
I knew that we should've stayed in Australia.
I knew that we shouldn't do that.
I knew that we would win.
I knew that we'd be late.
I knew that we'd win.
I knew that what I did was wrong.
I knew that what I was doing was wrong, but I did it anyway.
I knew that what Tom said wasn't true.
I knew that would happen sooner or later.
I knew that would happen.
I knew that would interest you.
I knew that would make you angry.
I knew that you could do it.
I knew that you could do that.
I knew that you expected Tom to do that.
I knew that you expected me to do that.
I knew that you expected us to do that.
I knew that you had a boyfriend.
I knew that you had a girlfriend.
I knew that you had a horse.
I knew that you had been there.
I knew that you had one.
I knew that you knew how to speak French.
I knew that you liked basketball.
I knew that you spoke French.
I knew that you used to live in Australia.
I knew that you used to live in Boston.
I knew that you wanted to do that.
I knew that you were crazy, but I didn't know that you were this crazy.
I knew that you were crazy, but I didn't know you were this crazy.
I knew that you were going to be ignored.
I knew that you were hungry.
I knew that you were married.
I knew that you were there.
I knew that you weren't OK with that.
I knew that you would appreciate it.
I knew that you would check this sentence very carefully.
I knew that you wouldn't back down.
I knew that you wouldn't be afraid.
I knew that you wouldn't be awake.
I knew that you wouldn't be fired.
I knew that you wouldn't be there.
I knew that you wouldn't go to Australia with Tom.
I knew that you wouldn't have to stay in Australia all month.
I knew that you wouldn't have to stay in Australia as long as you thought you'd have to stay.
I knew that you wouldn't have to stay in Australia for as long as you thought you'd have to stay.
I knew that you wouldn't have to stay in Boston as long as you thought you'd have to stay.
I knew that you wouldn't have to stay in Boston for as long as you thought you'd have to stay.
I knew that you wouldn't leave early.
I knew that you wouldn't like Australia.
I knew that you wouldn't like it here in Australia.
I knew that you wouldn't like it here in Boston.
I knew that you wouldn't like it here.
I knew that you wouldn't like it in Australia.
I knew that you wouldn't wait for me.
I knew that you wouldn't want to go to Australia with Tom.
I knew that you wouldn't want to go with us.
I knew that you'd agree to do that.
I knew that you'd be able to do that.
I knew that you'd be furious.
I knew that you'd be mad.
I knew that you'd be talking about Tom.
I knew that you'd been to Australia.
I knew that you'd come.
I knew that you'd cry.
I knew that you'd do that.
I knew that you'd do what we asked.
I knew that you'd enjoy reading that book.
I knew that you'd enjoy the party.
I knew that you'd get into trouble.
I knew that you'd have enough time.
I knew that you'd have to do that.
I knew that you'd kiss Tom.
I knew that you'd laugh.
I knew that you'd like Australia.
I knew that you'd like doing that.
I knew that you'd need to do that.
I knew that you'd want to do that.
I knew that you'd want to go to Australia with Tom.
I knew that your explanation would confuse Tom.
I knew that!
I knew that.
I knew the airport.
I knew the alphabet.
I knew the answer.
I knew the argument would come to blows as soon as the tall man insulted the shorter one's wife.
I knew the deceased for a long time.
I knew the end was nigh.
I knew the real reason.
I knew the risk.
I knew the risks.
I knew the standard-bearer.
I knew the time would come when I'd have to leave.
I knew the truth would scare you.
I knew their relationship wouldn't make it past the last three months.
I knew them a long time.
I knew them all by name.
I knew them better than you did.
I knew them both.
I knew them personally.
I knew them pretty well.
I knew them very well.
I knew them well.
I knew them.
I knew then and there that I could never get along with Tom.
I knew then that I was right.
I knew there existed an artificial language that was fairly widely spoken, but I had never been interested enough to find out more about it.
I knew there had to be a better way.
I knew there has to be a better way.
I knew there was a chance Tom would need some help.
I knew there was a chance that Tom would need some help.
I knew there was a possibility.
I knew there was a problem.
I knew there was a reason.
I knew there was more to tell.
I knew there was no point in talking to Tom.
I knew there was no point in trying to convince Tom.
I knew there was nothing you could do about it.
I knew there was somebody in the next room.
I knew there was someone in the next room.
I knew there was something different about you.
I knew there was something familiar about him.
I knew there was something fishy about that guy.
I knew there was something wrong about that girl.
I knew there was something wrong in this sentence.
I knew there was something wrong.
I knew there would be nothing to do here.
I knew there would be something to eat.
I knew there would be trouble as soon as Tom walked into the room.
I knew there would be trouble when Tom walked into the room.
I knew there'd be trouble when Robert Bell sold his place to a New Brunswick man, that's what.
I knew they were Canadians.
I knew they were Muslim.
I knew they were coming.
I knew they were looking for me.
I knew they were lying!
I knew they were on the list.
I knew they were your friends.
I knew they would ask me questions.
I knew they would say something about this sentence.
I knew they would suspect Tom.
I knew they would suspect her.
I knew they would suspect him.
I knew they would suspect you.
I knew they wouldn't forget me.
I knew they'd get me in the end.
I knew things about Tom that even his parents didn't know.
I knew things were going too smooth to last.
I knew this already.
I knew this conversation would last a long time.
I knew this day was coming.
I knew this day was going to come.
I knew this day would come.
I knew this might happen.
I knew this moment would come.
I knew this stay would be troubling.
I knew this three hours ago.
I knew this was a bad idea.
I knew this was a dream!
I knew this was a mistake.
I knew this was a stupid idea.
I knew this was a waste of time.
I knew this was going to happen.
I knew this was real.
I knew this was too good to be true.
I knew this was wrong.
I knew this wasn't going to work.
I knew this would be difficult to do.
I knew this would be hard for you.
I knew this would be hard to do.
I knew this would be interesting.
I knew this would happen again.
I knew this would happen, and I still didn't do anything.
I knew this would happen.
I knew this would upset you.
I knew this wouldn't work.
I knew this.
I knew today would be fun.
I knew too much.
I knew very little about Tom.
I knew very little about her.
I knew very little about him.
I knew very little about them.
I knew very well that in addition to the great planets - such as the Earth, Jupiter, Mars, Venus - to which we have given names, there are also hundreds of others, some of which are so small that one has a hard time seeing them through the telescope.
I knew we could count on Tom.
I knew we could count on her.
I knew we could count on him.
I knew we could count on them.
I knew we could count on you.
I knew we could do that.
I knew we could do this.
I knew we couldn't trust Tom.
I knew we couldn't trust her.
I knew we couldn't trust him.
I knew we couldn't trust them.
I knew we couldn't trust you.
I knew we didn't have to do that.
I knew we forgot something.
I knew we had a chance.
I knew we had to do this.
I knew we had to fend for ourselves.
I knew we must stop.
I knew we should have a talk.
I knew we should have brought more food with us.
I knew we should have done that.
I knew we should have gone to Boston.
I knew we should have left earlier.
I knew we should have left early.
I knew we should have stayed at home.
I knew we should have stayed home today.
I knew we should have stayed in Boston.
I knew we should have tried harder.
I knew we should have tried to help Tom.
I knew we should've brought more food with us.
I knew we should've done that.
I knew we should've gone to Australia.
I knew we should've gone to Boston.
I knew we should've left earlier.
I knew we should've left early.
I knew we should've packed bug spray.
I knew we should've stayed at home.
I knew we should've stayed home today.
I knew we should've stayed in Australia.
I knew we should've stayed in Boston.
I knew we should've tried harder.
I knew we should've tried to help Tom.
I knew we shouldn't do that.
I knew we shouldn't have done this.
I knew we were all right.
I knew we were going to be friends.
I knew we were going to get married the moment I met you.
I knew we were going to lose.
I knew we were going to win.
I knew we were in trouble then.
I knew we were not compatible.
I knew we would be friends.
I knew we would find it.
I knew we would win.
I knew we wouldn't be able to do that today.
I knew we wouldn't be able to do that.
I knew we wouldn't be able to go swimming today.
I knew we wouldn't find anything.
I knew we wouldn't likely agree on anything.
I knew we'd be good.
I knew we'd be late.
I knew we'd come back.
I knew we'd find Tom.
I knew we'd find her.
I knew we'd find him.
I knew we'd find them.
I knew we'd find you.
I knew we'd regret giving Tom a knife.
I knew we'd win.
I knew what I had to do.
I knew what I needed to do.
I knew what I wanted to do.
I knew what I wanted to say, but I couldn't say it.
I knew what I was doing was right.
I knew what I was doing was wrong, but I did it anyway.
I knew what I was doing.
I knew what I was supposed to do.
I knew what I was thinking.
I knew what Tom and Mary were doing.
I knew what Tom had to do.
I knew what Tom meant to say.
I knew what Tom meant.
I knew what Tom needed to do.
I knew what Tom needed.
I knew what Tom said wasn't true.
I knew what Tom wanted done.
I knew what Tom wanted to buy.
I knew what Tom wanted to do.
I knew what Tom wanted.
I knew what Tom was doing.
I knew what Tom was looking for.
I knew what Tom was thinking.
I knew what Tom was up to.
I knew what had happened.
I knew what he said was true.
I knew what he was thinking.
I knew what it was.
I knew what needed to be done.
I knew what she was thinking.
I knew what that look meant.
I knew what the Jacksons were doing.
I knew what the problem was.
I knew what they did to Tom.
I knew what they did to her.
I knew what they did to him.
I knew what they'd do to me if I didn't do what they asked.
I knew what to expect.
I knew what was at stake.
I knew what was back there.
I knew what was going on.
I knew what was going to happen.
I knew what was in his mind, just as he knew what was in mine; and killing being out of the question, we did the next best.
I knew what was in the other room.
I knew what you meant.
I knew what you were doing last night.
I knew what you were going to say.
I knew what you were looking for.
I knew what you were up to.
I knew when to quit.
I knew where Tom and Mary were going.
I knew where Tom and Mary were.
I knew where Tom was going.
I knew where Tom was.
I knew where to go.
I knew where to search.
I knew where to seek.
I knew who Tom had talked to.
I knew who Tom was looking for.
I knew who did it.
I knew who he probably was.
I knew who he was.
I knew who my enemies were.
I knew who she was looking for.
I knew who they were looking for.
I knew who you were looking for.
I knew why Tom and Mary were studying French.
I knew why Tom and Mary were there.
I knew why Tom and Mary weren't able to do that.
I knew why Tom did that.
I knew why Tom didn't like me.
I knew why Tom was studying French.
I knew why Tom was there.
I knew why Tom wasn't able to do that.
I knew you and Tom would win.
I knew you bought a used house.
I knew you could beat Tom easily.
I knew you could beat Tom.
I knew you could do better.
I knew you could do it, Tom.
I knew you could do it.
I knew you could do so much better.
I knew you could do that if you tried.
I knew you could do that.
I knew you could do this.
I knew you couldn't do it.
I knew you couldn't do that.
I knew you couldn't guess the answer.
I knew you couldn't hurt me.
I knew you couldn't stay.
I knew you couldn't wait.
I knew you didn't have a meeting.
I knew you had a boyfriend!
I knew you had a boyfriend.
I knew you had a girlfriend!
I knew you had a girlfriend.
I knew you had a horse.
I knew you had one.
I knew you knew how to speak French.
I knew you knew the answer.
I knew you knew.
I knew you liked basketball.
I knew you liked her!
I knew you liked her.
I knew you liked him!
I knew you liked him.
I knew you liked me even though you never showed it.
I knew you liked that action.
I knew you looked familiar.
I knew you spoke French.
I knew you two would get along.
I knew you two would hit it off.
I knew you two would like each other.
I knew you used to live in Australia.
I knew you wanted me.
I knew you wanted to come home.
I knew you wanted to do that.
I knew you wanted to show me something.
I knew you wanted to tell me something.
I knew you well, Philetas, when you were in the flower of your youth, and when you tended your wide-spread herds in yonder marsh.
I knew you were Canadian.
I knew you were OK.
I knew you were Tom.
I knew you were a level-headed man.
I knew you were a repressed homosexual all along.
I knew you were a romantic.
I knew you were a smuggler.
I knew you were against it.
I knew you were alive.
I knew you were behind it.
I knew you were behind this.
I knew you were bluffing.
I knew you were cold and aloof, but not to this extent!
I knew you were coming today.
I knew you were coming.
I knew you were crazy, but I didn't know that you were this crazy.
I knew you were crazy, but I didn't know you were this crazy.
I knew you were done.
I knew you were going to ask that.
I knew you were going to be ignored.
I knew you were going to do that.
I knew you were going to do this.
I knew you were going to fail your French test.
I knew you were going to forget to turn off the stove.
I knew you were going to say that.
I knew you were having problems.
I knew you were hiding in the car.
I knew you were hungry.
I knew you were in Cairo.
I knew you were joking.
I knew you were lying.
I knew you were married.
I knew you were sick.
I knew you were smart enough to understand.
I knew you were the person to ask.
I knew you were there.
I knew you were trouble the minute I saw you.
I knew you were up to no good!
I knew you weren't OK with that.
I knew you weren't capable of doing it.
I knew you weren't from around here.
I knew you weren't going to be punished.
I knew you weren't just a pretty face.
I knew you weren't really dead.
I knew you weren't to be trusted.
I knew you would appreciate it.
I knew you would come back.
I knew you would come.
I knew you would do something great.
I knew you would do something stupid.
I knew you would do something.
I knew you would do that.
I knew you would get it.
I knew you would like this.
I knew you would save me.
I knew you would say that, which is exactly why I brought Tom.
I knew you would suspect me.
I knew you would suspect them.
I knew you would suspect us.
I knew you would take care of him.
I knew you would tell Tom about what we did.
I knew you would understand.
I knew you would.
I knew you wouldn't abandon me.
I knew you wouldn't accept Tom's invitation.
I knew you wouldn't accept Tom's offer.
I knew you wouldn't agree to do that.
I knew you wouldn't allow Tom to do that.
I knew you wouldn't ask Tom to do that.
I knew you wouldn't back down.
I knew you wouldn't be able to answer that question.
I knew you wouldn't be able to convince Tom not to do that.
I knew you wouldn't be able to convince Tom not to leave.
I knew you wouldn't be able to convince Tom to do that.
I knew you wouldn't be able to convince Tom to stay.
I knew you wouldn't be able to do that.
I knew you wouldn't be able to get Tom to do that.
I knew you wouldn't be able to keep Tom from doing that.
I knew you wouldn't be able to learn enough French in just three weeks.
I knew you wouldn't be afraid.
I knew you wouldn't be awake.
I knew you wouldn't be busy today.
I knew you wouldn't be busy.
I knew you wouldn't be elected.
I knew you wouldn't be fired.
I knew you wouldn't be late.
I knew you wouldn't be there.
I knew you wouldn't be too tired to do that.
I knew you wouldn't believe me.
I knew you wouldn't come.
I knew you wouldn't dance.
I knew you wouldn't disappoint me.
I knew you wouldn't do anything stupid.
I knew you wouldn't do that.
I knew you wouldn't enjoy doing that.
I knew you wouldn't enjoy the party.
I knew you wouldn't even try to do that.
I knew you wouldn't fail your driving test.
I knew you wouldn't fail.
I knew you wouldn't fall for it.
I knew you wouldn't forget Tom.
I knew you wouldn't forget her.
I knew you wouldn't forget him.
I knew you wouldn't forget me.
I knew you wouldn't forget them.
I knew you wouldn't get caught.
I knew you wouldn't get punished.
I knew you wouldn't give up.
I knew you wouldn't go home early.
I knew you wouldn't go to Australia with Tom.
I knew you wouldn't go to Boston with Tom.
I knew you wouldn't go to the dance with Tom.
I knew you wouldn't guess the answer.
I knew you wouldn't have a good time.
I knew you wouldn't have a very good time.
I knew you wouldn't have enough money.
I knew you wouldn't have enough time.
I knew you wouldn't have fun doing that.
I knew you wouldn't have to do that.
I knew you wouldn't have to stay in Australia all month.
I knew you wouldn't have to stay in Australia as long as you thought you'd have to stay.
I knew you wouldn't have to stay in Australia for as long as you thought you'd have to stay.
I knew you wouldn't have to stay in Boston all month.
I knew you wouldn't have to stay in Boston as long as you thought you'd have to stay.
I knew you wouldn't have to stay in Boston for as long as you thought you'd have to stay.
I knew you wouldn't help us.
I knew you wouldn't hurt me.
I knew you wouldn't leave early.
I knew you wouldn't leave me in the lurch.
I knew you wouldn't leave without me.
I knew you wouldn't leave.
I knew you wouldn't let Tom and Mary do that.
I knew you wouldn't let Tom do that.
I knew you wouldn't let Tom drive.
I knew you wouldn't let Tom go home early.
I knew you wouldn't let me down.
I knew you wouldn't like Australia.
I knew you wouldn't like Boston.
I knew you wouldn't like Tom.
I knew you wouldn't like doing that.
I knew you wouldn't like it here in Australia.
I knew you wouldn't like it here in Boston.
I knew you wouldn't like it here.
I knew you wouldn't like it in Australia.
I knew you wouldn't like it in Boston.
I knew you wouldn't like the food at Chuck's Bar and Grill.
I knew you wouldn't like the kind of music Tom and Mary play.
I knew you wouldn't like the kind of music Tom plays.
I knew you wouldn't like the kind of songs that Tom sings.
I knew you wouldn't like the party.
I knew you wouldn't like the way Tom cooks.
I knew you wouldn't like the way Tom did that.
I knew you wouldn't likely be able to do that.
I knew you wouldn't listen to me.
I knew you wouldn't lose.
I knew you wouldn't need to do that.
I knew you wouldn't pass the exam.
I knew you wouldn't pass the test.
I knew you wouldn't refuse to do that.
I knew you wouldn't say anything stupid.
I knew you wouldn't say yes.
I knew you wouldn't sing with Tom.
I knew you wouldn't sing.
I knew you wouldn't stay.
I knew you wouldn't try to do that.
I knew you wouldn't understand.
I knew you wouldn't wait for me.
I knew you wouldn't wait.
I knew you wouldn't want me to do that.
I knew you wouldn't want to do that by yourself.
I knew you wouldn't want to do that.
I knew you wouldn't want to go home early.
I knew you wouldn't want to go to Australia with Tom.
I knew you wouldn't want to go to Boston with Tom.
I knew you wouldn't want to go with us.
I knew you wouldn't want to sing.
I knew you wouldn't win.
I knew you'd agree to do that.
I knew you'd appreciate it.
I knew you'd ask Tom to do that.
I knew you'd ask about that.
I knew you'd ask me that.
I knew you'd be able to do that.
I knew you'd be able to guess the answer.
I knew you'd be angry.
I knew you'd be back.
I knew you'd be busy today.
I knew you'd be busy.
I knew you'd be caught.
I knew you'd be furious.
I knew you'd be happy here.
I knew you'd be happy.
I knew you'd be here.
I knew you'd be hungry.
I knew you'd be in here.
I knew you'd be late.
I knew you'd be lurking around here somewhere.
I knew you'd be mad at me.
I knew you'd be mad.
I knew you'd be talking about Tom.
I knew you'd be talking about me.
I knew you'd be thirsty.
I knew you'd be thrilled.
I knew you'd be tired.
I knew you'd be unhappy with the results.
I knew you'd be upset!
I knew you'd be upset.
I knew you'd been keeping something from me!
I knew you'd been keeping something from me.
I knew you'd been studying French.
I knew you'd been to Australia.
I knew you'd been to Boston.
I knew you'd blow it.
I knew you'd bring that up.
I knew you'd come after me.
I knew you'd come around.
I knew you'd come back for me.
I knew you'd come back sooner or later.
I knew you'd come back to me.
I knew you'd come back.
I knew you'd come home.
I knew you'd come sooner or later.
I knew you'd come through for me.
I knew you'd come to save me.
I knew you'd come to your senses.
I knew you'd come, my darling.
I knew you'd come.
I knew you'd cry.
I knew you'd do something stupid like this.
I knew you'd do something.
I knew you'd do that.
I knew you'd do what Tom asked you to do.
I knew you'd do what we asked.
I knew you'd do what you were supposed to do.
I knew you'd enjoy doing that.
I knew you'd enjoy reading that book.
I knew you'd enjoy that movie.
I knew you'd enjoy that.
I knew you'd enjoy the concert.
I knew you'd enjoy the movie.
I knew you'd enjoy the party.
I knew you'd fail your French test.
I knew you'd find Tom.
I knew you'd find her.
I knew you'd find him.
I knew you'd find it.
I knew you'd find me.
I knew you'd find them.
I knew you'd find what you were looking for.
I knew you'd get here in time.
I knew you'd get into trouble.
I knew you'd get it.
I knew you'd get upset!
I knew you'd get upset.
I knew you'd go there if Tom asked you to.
I knew you'd go there.
I knew you'd have a good time.
I knew you'd have enough money.
I knew you'd have enough time.
I knew you'd have fun doing that.
I knew you'd have to do that.
I knew you'd help me.
I knew you'd kiss Tom.
I knew you'd know where to buy that.
I knew you'd know where to find Tom.
I knew you'd know where to find me.
I knew you'd laugh.
I knew you'd lie to me about that.
I knew you'd like Australia.
I knew you'd like Boston.
I knew you'd like Tom.
I knew you'd like doing that.
I knew you'd like her.
I knew you'd like him.
I knew you'd like it.
I knew you'd like one of them.
I knew you'd like that restaurant.
I knew you'd like that.
I knew you'd like the cake that Tom baked.
I knew you'd like what Tom gave you.
I knew you'd make it.
I knew you'd make me proud.
I knew you'd make the right choice.
I knew you'd make the right decision.
I knew you'd mess things up.
I knew you'd miss me.
I knew you'd need to do that.
I knew you'd never let Tom die.
I knew you'd never let her die.
I knew you'd never let him die.
I knew you'd never let me die.
I knew you'd never let them die.
I knew you'd never let us die.
I knew you'd never want to leave.
I knew you'd pass the exam.
I knew you'd protect me.
I knew you'd quit.
I knew you'd save me.
I knew you'd say something like that.
I knew you'd say that.
I knew you'd show me how to do that.
I knew you'd show up eventually.
I knew you'd stay.
I knew you'd take Tom's side.
I knew you'd tell me how to do it.
I knew you'd tell me how to do that.
I knew you'd understand immediately.
I knew you'd understand what I meant.
I knew you'd understand.
I knew you'd wait for Tom to get there.
I knew you'd wait for me.
I knew you'd wait for us.
I knew you'd wait.
I knew you'd want to be told.
I knew you'd want to do that.
I knew you'd want to go home early today.
I knew you'd want to go to Australia with Tom.
I knew you'd want to go to Boston with Tom.
I knew you'd want to go to the dance with Tom.
I knew you'd want to go with us.
I knew you'd want to sing.
I knew your brother.
I knew your dad.
I knew your explanation would confuse Tom.
I knew your father very well.
I knew your father well.
I knew your father.
I knew your mother well.
I knew your name sounded familiar.
I knew your parents.
I knew you’d come.
I knew.
I knit every day.
I knit.
I knitted a jumper for him.
I knitted a sweater for Tom.
I knitted a sweater for him.
I knitted him a jumper.
I knitted these mittens for you.
I knock on the door – no answer.
I knocked Tom out.
I knocked a glass off the table.
I knocked again, more loudly.
I knocked again.
I knocked him down by $20.
I knocked him down.
I knocked on the door again.
I knocked on the door for five minutes.
I knocked on the door, but no one answered.
I knocked on the door, but nobody answered.
I knocked on the door, but there was no answer.
I knocked on the door.
I knocked on the front door, but there was no answer.
I knocked on the front door.
I knocked on your door to ask for help.
I knocked out my opponents.
I knocked over a jug and broke it.
I knocked over that lamp.
I knocked over the vase and broke it.
I knocked, but no one answered.
I knocked, but no one opened the door.
I knocked.
I know Andrina doesn't take things seriously, but she is a wonderful friend.
I know Andrina doesn’t take things seriously, but she is a wonderful friend.
I know Australia very well.
I know Australia well.
I know Australia.
I know Berber.
I know Bosnian.
I know Boston inside out.
I know Boston like the back of my hand.
I know Boston very well.
I know Boston well.
I know Boston.
I know CPR.
I know Eibhlín.
I know English like the back of my hand.
I know English on an intuitive level.
I know English.
I know Esperanto.
I know Fadil had a girlfriend.
I know French, English and some German.
I know French, English, and German.
I know French.
I know German was widely spoken in Hungary up until the late 19th century.
I know God will forgive me.
I know I am right.
I know I am terrible, but it was just tempting me.
I know I calculated the bill correctly.
I know I can always count on Tom.
I know I can always count on you.
I know I can be better.
I know I can be replaced.
I know I can be successful.
I know I can beat Tom.
I know I can beat you.
I know I can count on Tom.
I know I can count on all of you.
I know I can count on every one of you.
I know I can count on you all.
I know I can count on you.
I know I can defeat you.
I know I can do better next time.
I know I can do better.
I know I can do it.
I know I can do more.
I know I can do that by myself.
I know I can do that if I have to.
I know I can do that if I need to.
I know I can do that if I try.
I know I can do that if you help me a bit.
I know I can do that if you help me.
I know I can do that in less than three hours.
I know I can do that tomorrow.
I know I can do that when I'm in Boston.
I know I can do that.
I know I can do this better.
I know I can do this job.
I know I can do this work.
I know I can do this.
I know I can fix it.
I know I can fix that for you.
I know I can get it published.
I know I can get this to work.
I know I can go faster.
I know I can make a difference.
I know I can make it on time.
I know I can make it.
I know I can make the team.
I know I can rely on you.
I know I can still do this job.
I know I can take care of myself.
I know I can take you.
I know I can trust Tom.
I know I can trust you to take good care of Tom.
I know I can trust you.
I know I can win.
I know I can't be replaced.
I know I can't change Tom's mind.
I know I can't change the past, but I'm determined to build a better future with you.
I know I can't do that as well as Tom can.
I know I can't do that as well as Tom.
I know I can't do that as well as you can.
I know I can't do that as well as you.
I know I can't do that.
I know I can't make you love me.
I know I can't sing very well, but I still enjoy singing.
I know I can't take Tom's place.
I know I can't throw a ball very well.
I know I can't win.
I know I could easily get by with just English nowadays, but I don't want to restrict myself by only knowing one language.
I know I could have done better.
I know I could have done that better.
I know I could have done that, but I didn't.
I know I could've done better.
I know I could've done that better.
I know I could've done that, but I didn't.
I know I couldn't do that even if I tried.
I know I deserve this.
I know I did a horrible thing.
I know I did an awful thing.
I know I did nothing wrong.
I know I did something wrong.
I know I did that about three weeks ago.
I know I did that about three years ago.
I know I did that fairly well.
I know I did that pretty badly.
I know I did that the wrong way.
I know I did that with Tom last year.
I know I did that wrong.
I know I did that.
I know I did the right thing.
I know I did the wrong thing.
I know I didn't cause it.
I know I didn't cause this problem.
I know I didn't do anything wrong.
I know I didn't do that last week.
I know I didn't do that like you said I did.
I know I didn't do that the way you told me to.
I know I didn't do that the way you told me.
I know I didn't do that very well.
I know I didn't do that with Tom.
I know I didn't do that.
I know I didn't do what I was supposed to do.
I know I didn't have to do that, but I did it anyway.
I know I didn't have to do that, but I'm glad I did.
I know I didn't have to do that, but I'm glad that I did.
I know I didn't make the right choice.
I know I disappoint you sometimes.
I know I don't deserve it.
I know I don't deserve you.
I know I don't have a choice.
I know I don't have any chance of winning.
I know I don't have anything to worry about.
I know I don't have enough money to buy everything I need.
I know I don't have enough money to buy everything I want.
I know I don't have enough money to buy what I need.
I know I don't have enough money to buy what I want.
I know I don't have enough money.
I know I don't have enough time to do everything that needs to be done.
I know I don't have enough time to do that this afternoon.
I know I don't have enough time to do that.
I know I don't have enough time to do what has to be done.
I know I don't have enough time to do what needs to be done.
I know I don't have long to live.
I know I don't have much choice.
I know I don't have to be nervous, but I always am.
I know I don't have to do anything Tom and Mary have asked me to do.
I know I don't have to do anything Tom and Mary tell me to do.
I know I don't have to do anything Tom has asked me to do.
I know I don't have to do anything Tom tells me to do.
I know I don't have to do that again.
I know I don't have to do that anymore.
I know I don't have to do that.
I know I don't know everything there is to know about that.
I know I don't know.
I know I don't need to do that again.
I know I don't need to do that anymore.
I know I don't need to do that.
I know I don't want to be married to you.
I know I forgot something.
I know I got it right this time.
I know I have a biased opinion.
I know I have a lot of enemies here.
I know I have a lot of power.
I know I have a lot to learn.
I know I have a problem.
I know I have it here somewhere.
I know I have it, but I can't put my finger on it.
I know I have many enemies here.
I know I have no chance of winning.
I know I have no choice.
I know I have those batteries somewhere.
I know I have to be better.
I know I have to be patient.
I know I have to do better.
I know I have to do it. I just don't want to.
I know I have to do my homework myself.
I know I have to do that before I can go home.
I know I have to do that before Tom gets here.
I know I have to do that before Tom leaves.
I know I have to do that by myself.
I know I have to do that here.
I know I have to do that sometime this week.
I know I have to do that today.
I know I have to do that while I'm here in Boston.
I know I have to do that while I'm in Australia.
I know I have to do that with Tom.
I know I have to do that.
I know I have to help Tom tomorrow.
I know I have to help you tomorrow.
I know I have to keep working.
I know I have to sleep now.
I know I haven't been a very good father.
I know I haven't been around much.
I know I haven't been doing what I should've been doing.
I know I haven't lived the model life.
I know I heard something.
I know I left it somewhere down here in the basement.
I know I locked the door.
I know I look like a gift box in this costume.
I know I look terrible. It was an awfully long flight.
I know I love you.
I know I made a lot of mistakes, but I hope you like it.
I know I made a mistake, but you don't need to rub it in.
I know I made a mistake, but you needn't rub it in!
I know I made a mistake.
I know I may be biased.
I know I may die soon.
I know I messed up, but please give me another chance.
I know I messed up.
I know I might have to do that by myself.
I know I might have to do that on Monday.
I know I might need to do that by myself.
I know I might need to do that on Monday.
I know I might not be allowed to do that again.
I know I might not be allowed to do that.
I know I might not be the person you hoped for.
I know I might not have to do that again.
I know I might not have to do that anymore.
I know I might not have to do that at all.
I know I might not have to do that today.
I know I might not have to do that with Tom.
I know I might not have to do that.
I know I might not need to do that anymore.
I know I must finish the job.
I know I need help.
I know I need to be patient.
I know I need to do that before I go home.
I know I need to do that before I leave Australia.
I know I need to do that before I leave Boston.
I know I need to do that before too long.
I know I need to do that sometime today.
I know I need to do that this week.
I know I need to do that today.
I know I need to do that while I'm in Australia.
I know I need to do that while I'm in Boston.
I know I need to do that.
I know I no longer have to do that.
I know I no longer need to do that.
I know I owe you money.
I know I packed it.
I know I probably don't say it often enough, but I love you.
I know I probably won't win.
I know I put it in.
I know I read the letter to you.
I know I said I would do it, but I can't do it today.
I know I said I'd do that, but I can't do it today.
I know I said that I'd do that, but I can't do it today.
I know I saw something move.
I know I screwed up.
I know I should be doing that now.
I know I should be in Boston now.
I know I should be sleeping now.
I know I should be studying.
I know I should be with Tom now.
I know I should do that as soon as possible.
I know I should do that right away.
I know I should do that today.
I know I should do that while I'm here in Australia.
I know I should do that while I'm here.
I know I should do that while I'm in Australia.
I know I should do that while I'm in Boston.
I know I should do that while Tom is here.
I know I should do that while you're here.
I know I should do that with Tom.
I know I should do that, but I don't want to.
I know I should do that.
I know I should eat better.
I know I should feel proud when I succeed at something, but I don't feel any different.
I know I should have been more aggressive.
I know I should have called first.
I know I should have done that yesterday.
I know I should have done that.
I know I should have done this earlier.
I know I should have gone to Boston.
I know I should have gotten here earlier.
I know I should have gotten here sooner.
I know I should have helped Tom, but I didn't have the time.
I know I should have left earlier.
I know I should have left early.
I know I should have said something, but I didn't know what to say.
I know I should have stayed in Boston.
I know I should have stayed with you.
I know I should propose to her, but since I'm 100% sure she's going to say no, I'll just keep it to myself.
I know I should sleep for at least eight hours a day, however I usually sleep less.
I know I should stay a little bit longer.
I know I should stay and help.
I know I should stay.
I know I should wait, but I don't want to.
I know I should've been more aggressive.
I know I should've called first.
I know I should've done that earlier.
I know I should've done that yesterday.
I know I should've done that.
I know I should've done this earlier.
I know I should've gone to Australia.
I know I should've gone to Boston.
I know I should've gotten here earlier.
I know I should've gotten here sooner.
I know I should've helped Tom, but I didn't have the time.
I know I should've left earlier.
I know I should've left early.
I know I should've said something, but I didn't know what to say.
I know I should've stayed in Australia.
I know I should've stayed in Boston.
I know I should've stayed with you.
I know I shouldn't be doing this.
I know I shouldn't be here.
I know I shouldn't be nervous, but I always am.
I know I shouldn't be vulgar, but your arrogance puts me off.
I know I shouldn't care what Tom and Mary think.
I know I shouldn't care what Tom thinks.
I know I shouldn't do that again.
I know I shouldn't do that alone.
I know I shouldn't do that anymore.
I know I shouldn't do that by myself.
I know I shouldn't do that here.
I know I shouldn't do that, but I think I will.
I know I shouldn't do that.
I know I shouldn't do this.
I know I shouldn't eat this, but I think I will.
I know I shouldn't feel this way.
I know I shouldn't have asked Tom to do that, but I did.
I know I shouldn't have asked Tom to do that.
I know I shouldn't have asked you to do that.
I know I shouldn't have done it.
I know I shouldn't have done that by myself.
I know I shouldn't have done that, but I did it anyway.
I know I shouldn't have done that, but I did.
I know I shouldn't have done that.
I know I shouldn't have eavesdropped.
I know I shouldn't have expected Tom to do that.
I know I shouldn't have said that.
I know I shouldn't have told Mary she didn't have to do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Mary she didn't need to do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Mary she had to do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Mary she needed to do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Mary she should do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Mary she shouldn't do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they didn't have to do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they didn't need to do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they had to do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they needed to do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they should do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom he didn't have to do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom he didn't need to do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom he had to do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom he needed to do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom he should do that, but I did.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom he should do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom he shouldn't do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom to do that, but I did.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom to do that.
I know I shouldn't have tried doing that alone.
I know I shouldn't have tried to do that by myself.
I know I shouldn't help you.
I know I shouldn't kiss Tom anymore.
I know I shouldn't leave early.
I know I shouldn't let that bother me.
I know I shouldn't lie.
I know I shouldn't swim here, but I think I will.
I know I want to do that today.
I know I want to do that.
I know I was boring.
I know I was in the wrong and I want you to forgive me.
I know I was mistaken about that.
I know I was mistaken.
I know I was supposed to do that last week.
I know I was supposed to do that.
I know I was wrong about that.
I know I was wrong.
I know I wasn't supposed to do that.
I know I will forgive her because I don't want to hold resentment in my chest.
I know I will survive.
I know I will win.
I know I won't be able to change Tom's mind.
I know I won't be able to continue my teaching career because I'm too old.
I know I won't be able to do that by myself.
I know I won't be able to do that if I don't have some help.
I know I won't be able to do that, so I'm not even going to try.
I know I won't be allowed to do that again.
I know I won't be allowed to do that anymore.
I know I won't have enough strength to do that.
I know I won't have enough time to do that.
I know I won't like doing that.
I know I won't like it here.
I know I won't like it in Boston.
I know I won't like it.
I know I won't like living in Boston.
I know I'd be fired if I did that.
I know I'd do that if I had the chance.
I know I'd hate to do that.
I know I'll be able to do it.
I know I'll be able to do that by 2:30.
I know I'll be able to do that eventually.
I know I'll be able to do that if you help me a little.
I know I'll be able to do that sooner or later.
I know I'll be able to do that today.
I know I'll be able to do that.
I know I'll be able to get home by 2:30.
I know I'll be arrested.
I know I'll be happy when Tom gets home.
I know I'll be here tomorrow.
I know I'll be punished for doing that.
I know I'll be punished.
I know I'll die soon.
I know I'll feel better.
I know I'll have to be punished.
I know I'll need to help Tom tomorrow.
I know I'll need to help you tomorrow.
I know I'll never be able to fall in love with anyone again.
I know I'll never forget it.
I know I'll never forget that sight.
I know I'll never forget that.
I know I'll never forget this.
I know I'll never forget you.
I know I'll see you again.
I know I'm a bad dancer.
I know I'm a bit conceited.
I know I'm a bit lazy.
I know I'm a burden on you.
I know I'm a burden. You don't have to keep saying it.
I know I'm a burden; you don't have to repeat it.
I know I'm a clown.
I know I'm a failure.
I know I'm a good basketball coach.
I know I'm a good fighter.
I know I'm a good teacher.
I know I'm a huge nerd because my sideburns never match.
I know I'm a hypocrite.
I know I'm a little crazy.
I know I'm a little overweight.
I know I'm a man because I've got a penis and I have a male chromosome pair.
I know I'm adopted.
I know I'm alone on this.
I know I'm annoying.
I know I'm being selfish.
I know I'm being watched.
I know I'm better at French than Tom.
I know I'm better than that.
I know I'm better than this.
I know I'm biased.
I know I'm capable of achieving so much more than what I'm already achieving in life and I can make so many more personal achievements happen in my life.
I know I'm conceited.
I know I'm correct about that.
I know I'm correct.
I know I'm crazy.
I know I'm destined to fall in love with another Capricorn over the course of my life.
I know I'm doing the right thing.
I know I'm dying.
I know I'm early.
I know I'm fat.
I know I'm fighting against windmills.
I know I'm getting my Berber pronunciation wrong, but all that matters is that you can understand me.
I know I'm getting old.
I know I'm going to be alone forever and it kills me.
I know I'm going to be arrested.
I know I'm going to be fired.
I know I'm going to be punished.
I know I'm going to be sick.
I know I'm going to die.
I know I'm going to get famous someday in some special field of mine.
I know I'm going to get sick.
I know I'm going to hell.
I know I'm going to learn a lot.
I know I'm going to regret this.
I know I'm going to run out.
I know I'm good enough.
I know I'm guilty of this.
I know I'm in big trouble now.
I know I'm in the way.
I know I'm in trouble now.
I know I'm in trouble.
I know I'm innocent.
I know I'm late, but I've got a good excuse.
I know I'm lazy.
I know I'm likely be arrested.
I know I'm missing something, but I don't know what it is.
I know I'm missing something. I just don't know what.
I know I'm not a child anymore.
I know I'm not a likable guy.
I know I'm not a very good singer.
I know I'm not alone.
I know I'm not dreaming.
I know I'm not going to be punished.
I know I'm not going to win.
I know I'm not good at singing.
I know I'm not good enough for him.
I know I'm not good enough.
I know I'm not good-looking.
I know I'm not likely to be fired.
I know I'm not likely to finish doing this today.
I know I'm not perfect.
I know I'm not pretty anymore, but I have never thought that you would cheat on me.
I know I'm not ready to do that yet.
I know I'm not ready to do that.
I know I'm not ready.
I know I'm not supposed to be here.
I know I'm not supposed to do that by myself.
I know I'm not supposed to do that today.
I know I'm not supposed to do that.
I know I'm not supposed to help Tom and Mary do that.
I know I'm not supposed to help Tom do his homework.
I know I'm not supposed to help Tom do that again.
I know I'm not supposed to help Tom do that anymore.
I know I'm not supposed to help Tom do that.
I know I'm not the brightest girl in the world.
I know I'm not the only one who thinks this way.
I know I'm not to blame.
I know I'm not very romantic.
I know I'm not welcome here.
I know I'm not welcome in this clinic.
I know I'm not yet ready to do that.
I know I'm overweight.
I know I'm partly to blame.
I know I'm probably going to lose the race.
I know I'm rambling.
I know I'm ready to do that.
I know I'm ready.
I know I'm replaceable.
I know I'm right, but you're entitled to your opinion.
I know I'm right.
I know I'm running out of time.
I know I'm safe.
I know I'm saying this bluntly, but have you already had sex with Tom?
I know I'm silly.
I know I'm sometimes annoying.
I know I'm sometimes obnoxious.
I know I'm sometimes obstinate.
I know I'm stingy.
I know I'm supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
I know I'm supposed to do that before lunch.
I know I'm supposed to do that by myself.
I know I'm supposed to do that today.
I know I'm supposed to do that tomorrow.
I know I'm supposed to do that with you.
I know I'm supposed to do that.
I know I'm supposed to do this.
I know I'm supposed to enjoy this class, but I don't.
I know I'm supposed to pay my rent on the first day of every month.
I know I'm the one who's guilty.
I know I'm ugly.
I know I'm unlikely to finish doing this today.
I know I'm very lucky.
I know I'm wrong.
I know I've been a little tough on Tom.
I know I've been a little tough on him.
I know I've been acting strangely.
I know I've been hard on you.
I know I've been lied to.
I know I've been shot.
I know I've been very lucky.
I know I've been very stupid.
I know I've changed.
I know I've forgotten something.
I know I've got to do that today.
I know I've got to do that.
I know I've helped you.
I know I've learned from my mistakes, and I'm committed to changing for the better.
I know I've let you down, but I'll make it up to you.
I know I've let you down.
I know I've made a few mistakes.
I know I've met that guy over there, but I don't remember his name.
I know I've met that guy over there, but I don't remember where.
I know I've never done that.
I know I've said some pretty stupid things today.
I know I've said this before, but meaning means itself.
I know I've said too much.
I know I've seen that before.
I know I've seen that guy before.
I know I've seen that guy somewhere.
I know I've seen that woman somewhere before.
I know I've seen your face somewhere before.
I know I've told you this before.
I know I’m preaching to the choir here, but we’re still boxed in by stereotypes about how men and women should behave.
I know James is a very rich man.
I know John – he's a workmate of mine.
I know John – we're colleagues.
I know John.
I know Kabylie like the back of my hand.
I know Kabylie very well.
I know Kalman is behind this.
I know Kurdish.
I know Latin.
I know Luxembourgish, German, French and English.
I know Mark is sick.
I know Mary and Alice, but I don't know their husbands.
I know Mary and Alice, but I've never met their husbands.
I know Mary better than she knows herself.
I know Mary can take care of herself.
I know Mary can't come to Boston, but I wish she would.
I know Mary could do that if she tried harder.
I know Mary didn't do that when she was supposed to.
I know Mary didn't do what you said she did.
I know Mary didn't leave when she was supposed to.
I know Mary didn't want to do that, but I think she had to.
I know Mary has enough money to buy what she wants.
I know Mary is a friend of yours, but I still don't like her.
I know Mary is beautiful.
I know Mary is cute.
I know Mary is more beautiful than I am.
I know Mary is pretty, but she's not very smart.
I know Mary is pretty.
I know Mary is sick.
I know Mary killed herself.
I know Mary loves me.
I know Mary probably didn't do what she was supposed to do.
I know Mary says she doesn't like me.
I know Mary thinks I'm dumb.
I know Mary thinks I'm stupid.
I know Mary wants us to go swimming with her.
I know Mary wants us to help her.
I know Mary will have to do that on her own.
I know Mary would leave if we'd let her.
I know Mary wouldn't tell you herself.
I know Mary's father.
I know Michael isn't gay.
I know Morse code.
I know Moscow well.
I know Mr. Saito by sight, but I haven't met him yet.
I know Mr. Saito by sight, but I haven’t met him yet.
I know New York like the back of my hand.
I know Omega Mart's exceptional customers song.
I know Portuguese, English, and Russian.
I know Portuguese, you know German, he knows English, she knows Italian, and he or she knows French. We know Esperanto, you know Spanish, they know Russian, they know Japanese, and they know French.
I know Rima's house.
I know Russian.
I know Salas.
I know Sami is in this clinic.
I know Sami was hanging around here.
I know Sami. He's a sexual predator.
I know Skura.
I know Spanish, Basque and some English.
I know Tamazight.
I know Tom Jackson personally.
I know Tom Jackson.
I know Tom a lot better than Mary does.
I know Tom a lot better than you do.
I know Tom agreed to do that.
I know Tom agrees with me.
I know Tom almost always does that just before lunch.
I know Tom almost never does that anymore.
I know Tom almost never does that.
I know Tom already knows how to do that.
I know Tom already knows why Mary did that.
I know Tom already knows why Mary didn't do that.
I know Tom already knows why Mary didn't need to do that.
I know Tom already knows why Mary didn't want to do that.
I know Tom already knows why Mary doesn't have to do that.
I know Tom already knows why Mary doesn't need to do that.
I know Tom already knows why Mary doesn't want to do that.
I know Tom already knows why Mary had to do that.
I know Tom already knows why Mary needed to do that.
I know Tom already knows why Mary wanted to do that.
I know Tom always does that.
I know Tom and I can take care of ourselves if we try.
I know Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
I know Tom and John, but I don't know their wives.
I know Tom and John, but I've never met their wives.
I know Tom and Mary appreciate it.
I know Tom and Mary are John's friends.
I know Tom and Mary are alive.
I know Tom and Mary are allergic to peanuts.
I know Tom and Mary are as happy as I am.
I know Tom and Mary are both allergic to peanuts.
I know Tom and Mary are both busy.
I know Tom and Mary are both happy.
I know Tom and Mary are both lonely.
I know Tom and Mary are both retired.
I know Tom and Mary are both rich.
I know Tom and Mary are both single.
I know Tom and Mary are both unhappy.
I know Tom and Mary are both unmarried.
I know Tom and Mary are busy.
I know Tom and Mary are coming here this afternoon.
I know Tom and Mary are different.
I know Tom and Mary are divorced.
I know Tom and Mary are doing that now.
I know Tom and Mary are engaged.
I know Tom and Mary are excited.
I know Tom and Mary are friends of yours, but I still don't like them.
I know Tom and Mary are going to be there tonight.
I know Tom and Mary are going to hate this.
I know Tom and Mary are going to the hospital, but I don't know why.
I know Tom and Mary are going to want to go with us.
I know Tom and Mary are happy.
I know Tom and Mary are hiding something from me.
I know Tom and Mary are hiding something.
I know Tom and Mary are in Boston now.
I know Tom and Mary are in Boston.
I know Tom and Mary are in lots of trouble.
I know Tom and Mary are in love with each other.
I know Tom and Mary are in their offices.
I know Tom and Mary are in there.
I know Tom and Mary are innocent.
I know Tom and Mary are likely to be late.
I know Tom and Mary are likely to cry.
I know Tom and Mary are likely to do that.
I know Tom and Mary are likely to regret doing that.
I know Tom and Mary are likely to win.
I know Tom and Mary are married to each other.
I know Tom and Mary are married.
I know Tom and Mary are miserable.
I know Tom and Mary are missing.
I know Tom and Mary are over thirty.
I know Tom and Mary are planning on being there.
I know Tom and Mary are planning on doing that together.
I know Tom and Mary are planning to be there.
I know Tom and Mary are planning to do that together.
I know Tom and Mary are poor.
I know Tom and Mary are rich.
I know Tom and Mary are right.
I know Tom and Mary are sleeping.
I know Tom and Mary are smart.
I know Tom and Mary are still alive.
I know Tom and Mary are telling the truth.
I know Tom and Mary are the ones who did that.
I know Tom and Mary are thinking about that.
I know Tom and Mary are tired.
I know Tom and Mary are up to something.
I know Tom and Mary are very interested in swimming.
I know Tom and Mary are waiting for us.
I know Tom and Mary are working late tonight.
I know Tom and Mary are worried.
I know Tom and Mary are wrong.
I know Tom and Mary are your friends.
I know Tom and Mary aren't alone.
I know Tom and Mary aren't busy.
I know Tom and Mary aren't doing that now.
I know Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
I know Tom and Mary aren't guilty.
I know Tom and Mary aren't happy here.
I know Tom and Mary aren't here.
I know Tom and Mary aren't hungry.
I know Tom and Mary aren't idiots.
I know Tom and Mary aren't in Boston.
I know Tom and Mary aren't likely to do that.
I know Tom and Mary aren't planning on going to Boston with you.
I know Tom and Mary aren't planning to be here tomorrow.
I know Tom and Mary aren't planning to go to Boston with you.
I know Tom and Mary aren't ready to do that yet.
I know Tom and Mary aren't related to me.
I know Tom and Mary aren't stupid.
I know Tom and Mary aren't telling the truth.
I know Tom and Mary aren't that stupid.
I know Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did this.
I know Tom and Mary aren't very happy here.
I know Tom and Mary better than they know themselves.
I know Tom and Mary both have houses in Australia.
I know Tom and Mary both have houses in Boston.
I know Tom and Mary both have to do that.
I know Tom and Mary both have to leave soon.
I know Tom and Mary both have to leave tomorrow.
I know Tom and Mary both have to leave.
I know Tom and Mary both like classical music.
I know Tom and Mary both want to do that tomorrow.
I know Tom and Mary both want to do that.
I know Tom and Mary broke up.
I know Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I know Tom and Mary can't come to Boston, but I wish they would.
I know Tom and Mary could do that if they tried harder.
I know Tom and Mary did that together.
I know Tom and Mary didn't do that together.
I know Tom and Mary didn't do that when they were supposed to.
I know Tom and Mary didn't do what they said that they did.
I know Tom and Mary didn't do what they said they did.
I know Tom and Mary didn't do what you said they did.
I know Tom and Mary didn't leave when they were supposed to.
I know Tom and Mary didn't sing together.
I know Tom and Mary didn't travel together.
I know Tom and Mary didn't want to do that, but I think they had to.
I know Tom and Mary don't know how to do that.
I know Tom and Mary don't like me very much.
I know Tom and Mary don't like me.
I know Tom and Mary don't like swimming.
I know Tom and Mary don't really enjoy doing that.
I know Tom and Mary don't speak French.
I know Tom and Mary don't usually do that together.
I know Tom and Mary don't usually eat together.
I know Tom and Mary don't usually take vacations together.
I know Tom and Mary don't want to be there.
I know Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
I know Tom and Mary don't want to get married.
I know Tom and Mary have a house in Boston.
I know Tom and Mary have a pool.
I know Tom and Mary have already left Boston.
I know Tom and Mary have already left for Boston.
I know Tom and Mary have been arrested.
I know Tom and Mary have been hurt.
I know Tom and Mary have both agreed to do that.
I know Tom and Mary have both already left Australia.
I know Tom and Mary have both already left Boston.
I know Tom and Mary have both been arrested.
I know Tom and Mary have both been hurt.
I know Tom and Mary have both been injured.
I know Tom and Mary have both been sick.
I know Tom and Mary have both done that.
I know Tom and Mary have both finished doing that.
I know Tom and Mary have both never done that.
I know Tom and Mary have both passed away.
I know Tom and Mary have both spent time in prison.
I know Tom and Mary have done that.
I know Tom and Mary have enough money to buy what they want.
I know Tom and Mary have gone to Boston.
I know Tom and Mary have had some problems.
I know Tom and Mary have lived in Boston.
I know Tom and Mary have never danced together.
I know Tom and Mary have never done that together.
I know Tom and Mary have never done that.
I know Tom and Mary have never gone to Australia together.
I know Tom and Mary have never gone to Boston together.
I know Tom and Mary have to do that.
I know Tom and Mary have to go to Boston.
I know Tom and Mary have to leave soon.
I know Tom and Mary have to leave tomorrow.
I know Tom and Mary have to leave.
I know Tom and Mary haven't forgotten how to do that.
I know Tom and Mary know something.
I know Tom and Mary like basketball.
I know Tom and Mary like jazz.
I know Tom and Mary like me.
I know Tom and Mary like reggae.
I know Tom and Mary like to travel.
I know Tom and Mary like you.
I know Tom and Mary need to do that.
I know Tom and Mary probably didn't do what they were supposed to do.
I know Tom and Mary say they don't like me.
I know Tom and Mary studied French together.
I know Tom and Mary understand.
I know Tom and Mary used to be friends.
I know Tom and Mary used to be good friends.
I know Tom and Mary want to do that.
I know Tom and Mary want to get married.
I know Tom and Mary want to make a good impression.
I know Tom and Mary want to meet you.
I know Tom and Mary want us to go swimming with them.
I know Tom and Mary want us to help them.
I know Tom and Mary went to Australia together.
I know Tom and Mary went to Boston together.
I know Tom and Mary were angry.
I know Tom and Mary were busy.
I know Tom and Mary were disappointed.
I know Tom and Mary were friends of yours.
I know Tom and Mary were friends.
I know Tom and Mary were here.
I know Tom and Mary were just being sarcastic.
I know Tom and Mary were more than just friends.
I know Tom and Mary were surprised.
I know Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
I know Tom and Mary were there.
I know Tom and Mary were tired.
I know Tom and Mary were unhappy.
I know Tom and Mary were your best friends.
I know Tom and Mary were your friends.
I know Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that.
I know Tom and Mary will have to do that on their own.
I know Tom and Mary would leave if we'd let them.
I know Tom and Mary wouldn't likely be able to do that.
I know Tom and Mary wouldn't tell you themselves.
I know Tom and Mary.
I know Tom and his wife.
I know Tom and only Tom can do that.
I know Tom and only Tom has to do that.
I know Tom and only Tom needs to do that.
I know Tom and only Tom should do that.
I know Tom and only Tom wants to do that.
I know Tom and you know me.
I know Tom appreciated that.
I know Tom appreciates it.
I know Tom as well as anybody else does.
I know Tom as well as anybody.
I know Tom better than I know Mary.
I know Tom better than I know you.
I know Tom better than Mary does.
I know Tom better than anybody else does.
I know Tom better than anybody else.
I know Tom better than anyone else does.
I know Tom better than anyone else.
I know Tom better than anyone.
I know Tom better than he knows himself.
I know Tom better than you do.
I know Tom better than you know him.
I know Tom better than you.
I know Tom but not Mary.
I know Tom came to Australia last week.
I know Tom came to Boston last week.
I know Tom can be a real pain in the neck sometimes.
I know Tom can convince Mary to do that.
I know Tom can convince Mary to stop doing that.
I know Tom can do it.
I know Tom can do that again.
I know Tom can do that better than I can.
I know Tom can do that better than Mary can.
I know Tom can do that better than Mary.
I know Tom can do that better than me.
I know Tom can do that if he tries.
I know Tom can do that today.
I know Tom can do that without Mary's help.
I know Tom can do that without any help.
I know Tom can do that without my help.
I know Tom can do that without our help.
I know Tom can do that.
I know Tom can do this.
I know Tom can draw.
I know Tom can find the time to do that.
I know Tom can handle Mary.
I know Tom can hardly wait.
I know Tom can help Mary do that tomorrow.
I know Tom can help Mary do that.
I know Tom can help us do that next week.
I know Tom can help us do that.
I know Tom can help you do that today.
I know Tom can keep Mary from doing that.
I know Tom can play the clarinet? Can he also play the saxophone?
I know Tom can play the clarinet? Can he play the saxophone as well?
I know Tom can play the clarinet? Can he play the saxophone, too?
I know Tom can play the saxophone. Can you play the saxophone, too?
I know Tom can play the trombone.
I know Tom can probably do that faster that than Mary can.
I know Tom can probably do that faster that than Mary.
I know Tom can probably do that for you.
I know Tom can probably do that sometime today.
I know Tom can probably do that.
I know Tom can really do that.
I know Tom can speak French better than I can.
I know Tom can speak French.
I know Tom can speak French. I wonder if Mary can, too.
I know Tom can still do that.
I know Tom can stop Mary from doing that.
I know Tom can stop me from doing that.
I know Tom can swim better than I can.
I know Tom can swim better than me.
I know Tom can swim.
I know Tom can take care of himself.
I know Tom can win.
I know Tom can't actually do that even though he says he can.
I know Tom can't come to Australia, but I wish he would.
I know Tom can't come to Boston, but I wish he would.
I know Tom can't do it.
I know Tom can't do that any better than I can.
I know Tom can't do that any better than Mary can.
I know Tom can't do that any better than Mary.
I know Tom can't do that as well as I can.
I know Tom can't do that as well as Mary can.
I know Tom can't do that as well as Mary.
I know Tom can't do that by himself.
I know Tom can't do that now as well as he used to.
I know Tom can't do that today.
I know Tom can't do that very well.
I know Tom can't do that without my help.
I know Tom can't do that without our help.
I know Tom can't do that without some help.
I know Tom can't do that.
I know Tom can't help Mary do that tomorrow.
I know Tom can't help us do that next week.
I know Tom can't help you do that today.
I know Tom can't keep Mary from doing that.
I know Tom can't leave until Mary gets here.
I know Tom can't speak French very well.
I know Tom can't speak French.
I know Tom can't stop Mary from doing that.
I know Tom can't stop me from doing that.
I know Tom can't understand French.
I know Tom can't wait.
I know Tom can't win.
I know Tom cares about Mary.
I know Tom cheated.
I know Tom comes on a little strong.
I know Tom could be doing that right now.
I know Tom could be finished doing that by 2:30.
I know Tom could be tempted to do that.
I know Tom could convince Mary not to do that.
I know Tom could convince Mary to do that.
I know Tom could do it.
I know Tom could do that by himself if he tried.
I know Tom could do that by himself.
I know Tom could do that for Mary if he wanted to.
I know Tom could do that if he needed to.
I know Tom could do that if he puts his mind to it.
I know Tom could do that if he really needed to.
I know Tom could do that if he really wanted to.
I know Tom could do that if he tried harder.
I know Tom could do that if he tried.
I know Tom could do that if he wanted to.
I know Tom could do that today if he wanted to.
I know Tom could do that today.
I know Tom could do that.
I know Tom could easily have done that.
I know Tom could force you to do that.
I know Tom could get Mary to do that.
I know Tom could get Mary to show us how to do that.
I know Tom could get hurt if he tried to do that.
I know Tom could get injured if he tried to do that.
I know Tom could make Mary do that.
I know Tom could probably be finished doing that by 2:30.
I know Tom could probably be tempted to do that.
I know Tom could probably convince Mary not to do that.
I know Tom could probably convince Mary to do that.
I know Tom could probably force you to do that.
I know Tom could probably get Mary to do that.
I know Tom could probably get Mary to show us how to do that.
I know Tom could probably save himself a lot of time by just doing that himself.
I know Tom could probably stop Mary from doing that.
I know Tom could probably talk Mary into doing that.
I know Tom could probably talk Mary out of doing that.
I know Tom could probably teach Mary how to do that.
I know Tom could probably teach you how to do that.
I know Tom could probably tell you who did that.
I know Tom could save himself a lot of time by just doing that himself.
I know Tom could stop Mary from doing that.
I know Tom could talk Mary into doing that.
I know Tom could talk Mary out of doing that.
I know Tom could teach Mary how to do that.
I know Tom could teach you how to do that.
I know Tom could tell you who did that.
I know Tom could've do that better than he did.
I know Tom could've done that better.
I know Tom could've done that by himself.
I know Tom could've done that faster by himself.
I know Tom could've done that for Mary if he'd wanted to.
I know Tom could've done that if he'd tried to.
I know Tom could've done that if he'd tried.
I know Tom could've done that on his own.
I know Tom could've done that without Mary's help.
I know Tom could've done that without my help.
I know Tom could've done that without your help.
I know Tom could've done that.
I know Tom could've stopped Mary from doing that.
I know Tom couldn't do that.
I know Tom couldn't have done that any better.
I know Tom couldn't have done that without Mary.
I know Tom couldn't have done that without some help.
I know Tom couldn't have kept Mary from doing that.
I know Tom couldn't stop himself from doing that.
I know Tom cried.
I know Tom decided to do that.
I know Tom did it on purpose.
I know Tom did it once.
I know Tom did it well.
I know Tom did it.
I know Tom did that alone.
I know Tom did that better this time.
I know Tom did that by himself last Monday.
I know Tom did that by himself.
I know Tom did that by mistake.
I know Tom did that correctly.
I know Tom did that for us.
I know Tom did that in October.
I know Tom did that incorrectly.
I know Tom did that intentionally.
I know Tom did that just to get some attention.
I know Tom did that just to make Mary jealous.
I know Tom did that last week.
I know Tom did that on Monday.
I know Tom did that on purpose.
I know Tom did that once.
I know Tom did that pretty well.
I know Tom did that really well.
I know Tom did that right.
I know Tom did that subconsciously.
I know Tom did that to make Mary jealous.
I know Tom did that tonight.
I know Tom did that well.
I know Tom did that when he was thirteen.
I know Tom did that with Mary.
I know Tom did that wrong.
I know Tom did that yesterday.
I know Tom did that, even though he said he didn't.
I know Tom did that.
I know Tom did this.
I know Tom didn't agree to do that.
I know Tom didn't ask Mary to help him do that.
I know Tom didn't ask me to do that, but I did it anyway.
I know Tom didn't ask me to do that.
I know Tom didn't do it.
I know Tom didn't do that again.
I know Tom didn't do that alone.
I know Tom didn't do that by himself.
I know Tom didn't do that by mistake.
I know Tom didn't do that correctly.
I know Tom didn't do that for me.
I know Tom didn't do that last week.
I know Tom didn't do that on Monday.
I know Tom didn't do that on purpose.
I know Tom didn't do that right.
I know Tom didn't do that well.
I know Tom didn't do that when he was supposed to.
I know Tom didn't do that with Mary.
I know Tom didn't do that yesterday.
I know Tom didn't do that, even though he said he did.
I know Tom didn't do that.
I know Tom didn't do this.
I know Tom didn't do what he said he did.
I know Tom didn't do what you said he did.
I know Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
I know Tom didn't go home with Mary yesterday.
I know Tom didn't go to Australia.
I know Tom didn't go to Boston.
I know Tom didn't have to be there.
I know Tom didn't have to do that alone.
I know Tom didn't have to do that today.
I know Tom didn't have to do that, but he did it anyway.
I know Tom didn't have to do that.
I know Tom didn't how long it was going to take to do that.
I know Tom didn't hurt Mary.
I know Tom didn't intend to do that.
I know Tom didn't intentionally do that.
I know Tom didn't intentionally hurt Mary.
I know Tom didn't know I could do that.
I know Tom didn't know I couldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know I did that.
I know Tom didn't know I didn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know I didn't have to do that.
I know Tom didn't know I didn't need to do that.
I know Tom didn't know I didn't want to do that.
I know Tom didn't know I don't often do that.
I know Tom didn't know I had to do that.
I know Tom didn't know I knew how to do that.
I know Tom didn't know I needed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know I should do that.
I know Tom didn't know I shouldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know I shouldn't have been doing that.
I know Tom didn't know I shouldn't have done that.
I know Tom didn't know I wanted to do that.
I know Tom didn't know I was going to do that.
I know Tom didn't know I was planning to do that.
I know Tom didn't know I was the one who was supposed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know I wasn't going to do that.
I know Tom didn't know I wouldn't be able to do that.
I know Tom didn't know I'd never done that before.
I know Tom didn't know I'd never done that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary could do that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary couldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary did that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary didn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary didn't have to do that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary didn't need to do that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary didn't want to do that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary had to do that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary knew how to do that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary needed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary should do that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary shouldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary shouldn't have been doing that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary shouldn't have done that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary wanted to do that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary was going to do that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary was planning to do that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary was the one who was supposed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
I know Tom didn't know May shouldn't do that by herself.
I know Tom didn't know any other way to do that.
I know Tom didn't know anybody who was able to do that.
I know Tom didn't know anyone who was able to do that.
I know Tom didn't know exactly how much it would cost him to do that.
I know Tom didn't know exactly how much it would cost to do that.
I know Tom didn't know exactly how to do that.
I know Tom didn't know for certain when Mary would do that.
I know Tom didn't know he could do that.
I know Tom didn't know he couldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know he didn't have to do that.
I know Tom didn't know he didn't need to do that.
I know Tom didn't know he didn't want to do that.
I know Tom didn't know he had to do that today.
I know Tom didn't know he had to do that.
I know Tom didn't know he needed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know he should do that.
I know Tom didn't know he shouldn't be doing that here.
I know Tom didn't know he shouldn't be doing that.
I know Tom didn't know he shouldn't do that by himself.
I know Tom didn't know he shouldn't do that here.
I know Tom didn't know he shouldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know he shouldn't have been doing that.
I know Tom didn't know he shouldn't have done that.
I know Tom didn't know he was supposed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know he was the one who was supposed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know he wasn't supposed to be doing that.
I know Tom didn't know he wasn't supposed to do that by himself.
I know Tom didn't know he wasn't supposed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know he wouldn't be able to do that.
I know Tom didn't know he'd never be able to do that.
I know Tom didn't know how long it was going to take him to do that.
I know Tom didn't know how long it was going to take to do that.
I know Tom didn't know how much time he'd need to do that.
I know Tom didn't know how much time it would take for him to do that.
I know Tom didn't know how much time it would take him to do that.
I know Tom didn't know how much time it would take to do that.
I know Tom didn't know how to do that.
I know Tom didn't know if Mary wanted to do that or not.
I know Tom didn't know that I could do that.
I know Tom didn't know that I couldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know that I did that.
I know Tom didn't know that I didn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know that I didn't have to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that I didn't need to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that I didn't want to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that I don't often do that.
I know Tom didn't know that I had to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that I knew how to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that I needed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that I should do that.
I know Tom didn't know that I shouldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know that I shouldn't have been doing that.
I know Tom didn't know that I shouldn't have done that.
I know Tom didn't know that I wanted to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that I was going to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that I was planning to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that I was the one who was supposed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that I wasn't going to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that I wouldn't be able to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that I'd never done that before.
I know Tom didn't know that I'd never done that.
I know Tom didn't know that Mary could do that.
I know Tom didn't know that Mary couldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know that Mary did that.
I know Tom didn't know that Mary didn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know that Mary didn't have to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that Mary didn't need to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that Mary didn't want to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that Mary had to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that Mary knew how to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that Mary needed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that Mary should do that.
I know Tom didn't know that Mary shouldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know that Mary shouldn't have been doing that.
I know Tom didn't know that Mary shouldn't have done that.
I know Tom didn't know that Mary wanted to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that Mary was going to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that Mary was planning to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that Mary was the one who was supposed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that May shouldn't do that by herself.
I know Tom didn't know that he could do that.
I know Tom didn't know that he couldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know that he didn't have to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that he didn't need to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that he didn't want to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that he had to do that today.
I know Tom didn't know that he had to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that he needed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that he should do that.
I know Tom didn't know that he shouldn't be doing that here.
I know Tom didn't know that he shouldn't be doing that.
I know Tom didn't know that he shouldn't do that by himself.
I know Tom didn't know that he shouldn't do that here.
I know Tom didn't know that he shouldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know that he shouldn't have been doing that.
I know Tom didn't know that he shouldn't have done that.
I know Tom didn't know that he was supposed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that he was the one who was supposed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that he wasn't supposed to be doing that.
I know Tom didn't know that he wasn't supposed to do that by himself.
I know Tom didn't know that he wasn't supposed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that he wouldn't be able to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that he'd never be able to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that we could do that.
I know Tom didn't know that we couldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know that we did that.
I know Tom didn't know that we didn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know that we didn't have to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that we didn't need to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that we didn't want to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that we had to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that we knew how to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that we needed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that we should do that.
I know Tom didn't know that we shouldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know that we shouldn't have been doing that.
I know Tom didn't know that we shouldn't have done that.
I know Tom didn't know that we wanted to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that we were going to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that we were planning to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that we were the ones who did that.
I know Tom didn't know that we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
I know Tom didn't know that we wouldn't be able to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that you could do that.
I know Tom didn't know that you couldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know that you did that.
I know Tom didn't know that you didn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know that you didn't have to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that you didn't need to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that you didn't want to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that you had to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that you knew how to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that you needed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that you should do that.
I know Tom didn't know that you shouldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know that you shouldn't have been doing that.
I know Tom didn't know that you shouldn't have done that.
I know Tom didn't know that you wanted to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that you were going to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that you were planning to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that you wouldn't be able to do that.
I know Tom didn't know we could do that.
I know Tom didn't know we couldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know we did that.
I know Tom didn't know we didn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know we didn't have to do that.
I know Tom didn't know we didn't need to do that.
I know Tom didn't know we didn't want to do that.
I know Tom didn't know we had to do that.
I know Tom didn't know we knew how to do that.
I know Tom didn't know we needed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know we should do that.
I know Tom didn't know we shouldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know we shouldn't have been doing that.
I know Tom didn't know we shouldn't have done that.
I know Tom didn't know we wanted to do that.
I know Tom didn't know we were going to do that.
I know Tom didn't know we were planning to do that.
I know Tom didn't know we were the ones who did that.
I know Tom didn't know we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
I know Tom didn't know we wouldn't be able to do that.
I know Tom didn't know when I wanted to do that.
I know Tom didn't know when Mary wanted to do that.
I know Tom didn't know when Mary would do that.
I know Tom didn't know where he should do that.
I know Tom didn't know where he was supposed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know whether Mary could do that or not.
I know Tom didn't know whether he could do that or not.
I know Tom didn't know whether to do that or not.
I know Tom didn't know who could do that and who couldn't.
I know Tom didn't know who did that for him.
I know Tom didn't know who did that to Mary.
I know Tom didn't know who didn't have to do that.
I know Tom didn't know who didn't need to do that.
I know Tom didn't know who didn't want to do that.
I know Tom didn't know who had done that for him.
I know Tom didn't know who had done that to Mary.
I know Tom didn't know who had to do that.
I know Tom didn't know who needed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know who should do that.
I know Tom didn't know who should've done that.
I know Tom didn't know who shouldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know who wanted to do that.
I know Tom didn't know who was going to do that for him.
I know Tom didn't know who was going to do that with Mary.
I know Tom didn't know who was going to do that with him.
I know Tom didn't know who was going to do that.
I know Tom didn't know who was going to help Mary do that.
I know Tom didn't know who was going to help him do that.
I know Tom didn't know who was supposed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know why I did that by myself.
I know Tom didn't know why I didn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know why I didn't have to do that.
I know Tom didn't know why I didn't like to do that.
I know Tom didn't know why I didn't need to do that.
I know Tom didn't know why I didn't want to do that.
I know Tom didn't know why I had to do that.
I know Tom didn't know why I needed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know why I ought to do that.
I know Tom didn't know why I should do that.
I know Tom didn't know why I shouldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know why I wanted to do that.
I know Tom didn't know why I was planning on doing that.
I know Tom didn't know why I was planning to do that.
I know Tom didn't know why I was scared to do that.
I know Tom didn't know why Mary did that on Monday.
I know Tom didn't know why Mary did that.
I know Tom didn't know why Mary didn't do that yesterday.
I know Tom didn't know why Mary didn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know why Mary didn't have to do that.
I know Tom didn't know why Mary didn't like to do that.
I know Tom didn't know why Mary didn't need to do that.
I know Tom didn't know why Mary didn't want to do that.
I know Tom didn't know why Mary had to do that by herself.
I know Tom didn't know why Mary had to do that yesterday.
I know Tom didn't know why Mary had to do that.
I know Tom didn't know why Mary kept doing that even though he'd asked her not to.
I know Tom didn't know why Mary kept doing that.
I know Tom didn't know why Mary needed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know why Mary wanted him to do that.
I know Tom didn't know why Mary wanted to do that.
I know Tom didn't know why Mary was afraid to do that.
I know Tom didn't know why Mary was doing that by herself.
I know Tom didn't know why Mary was doing that.
I know Tom didn't know why Mary was planning on doing that.
I know Tom didn't know why Mary was planning to do that.
I know Tom didn't know why he should do that.
I know Tom didn't know why we couldn't do that for Mary.
I know Tom didn't know why we couldn't do that for him.
I know Tom didn't know why you did that alone.
I know Tom didn't know why you did that by yourself.
I know Tom didn't know why you didn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know why you wanted Mary to do that.
I know Tom didn't know why you wanted him to do that.
I know Tom didn't know why you wanted me to do that.
I know Tom didn't know you could do that.
I know Tom didn't know you couldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know you did that.
I know Tom didn't know you didn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know you didn't have to do that.
I know Tom didn't know you didn't need to do that.
I know Tom didn't know you didn't want to do that.
I know Tom didn't know you had to do that.
I know Tom didn't know you knew how to do that.
I know Tom didn't know you needed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know you should do that.
I know Tom didn't know you shouldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know you shouldn't have been doing that.
I know Tom didn't know you shouldn't have done that.
I know Tom didn't know you wanted to do that.
I know Tom didn't know you were going to do that.
I know Tom didn't know you were planning to do that.
I know Tom didn't know you wouldn't be able to do that.
I know Tom didn't leave the house.
I know Tom didn't leave when he was supposed to.
I know Tom didn't like doing that.
I know Tom didn't like me.
I know Tom didn't like to do that.
I know Tom didn't mean to do that.
I know Tom didn't need to be there.
I know Tom didn't need to do that alone.
I know Tom didn't need to do that by himself.
I know Tom didn't need to do that with us.
I know Tom didn't need to do that, but I think he did it anyway.
I know Tom didn't need to do that.
I know Tom didn't really enjoy doing that.
I know Tom didn't really have to do that.
I know Tom didn't really need to do that.
I know Tom didn't really want to do that by himself.
I know Tom didn't really want to do that with Mary.
I know Tom didn't really want to do that yesterday.
I know Tom didn't really want to do that.
I know Tom didn't to do what he said he did.
I know Tom didn't visit Australia.
I know Tom didn't visit Boston.
I know Tom didn't want me to do that, but I did it anyway.
I know Tom didn't want me to do that.
I know Tom didn't want to be the next one to do that.
I know Tom didn't want to be there.
I know Tom didn't want to do that alone.
I know Tom didn't want to do that by himself.
I know Tom didn't want to do that today.
I know Tom didn't want to do that with Mary.
I know Tom didn't want to do that with us.
I know Tom didn't want to do that with you.
I know Tom didn't want to do that yesterday.
I know Tom didn't want to do that, but I think he had to.
I know Tom didn't want to do that, but he did it anyway.
I know Tom didn't want to do that.
I know Tom didn't want to eat that.
I know Tom didn't whether he could do that or not.
I know Tom didn't win.
I know Tom died doing that.
I know Tom died.
I know Tom does that a lot.
I know Tom does that about three times a week.
I know Tom does that all the time.
I know Tom does that as well as Mary does.
I know Tom does that as well as Mary.
I know Tom does that at least once a day.
I know Tom does that better than Mary does.
I know Tom does that better than Mary.
I know Tom does that every Monday.
I know Tom does that every day.
I know Tom does that every evening.
I know Tom does that every morning.
I know Tom does that every other Monday.
I know Tom does that from time to time.
I know Tom does that quite often.
I know Tom does that sometimes.
I know Tom does that well.
I know Tom does that, too.
I know Tom does that.
I know Tom doesn't always do that.
I know Tom doesn't believe in fate.
I know Tom doesn't care.
I know Tom doesn't do that anymore.
I know Tom doesn't do that as often as he used to.
I know Tom doesn't do that much.
I know Tom doesn't do that very much.
I know Tom doesn't do that very often.
I know Tom doesn't do that.
I know Tom doesn't enjoy doing that.
I know Tom doesn't ever do that anymore.
I know Tom doesn't have a helicopter pilot's license.
I know Tom doesn't have the courage to do that.
I know Tom doesn't have the strength to do that anymore.
I know Tom doesn't have to do that anymore.
I know Tom doesn't have to do that either.
I know Tom doesn't have to do that right now.
I know Tom doesn't have to do that today.
I know Tom doesn't have to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know I can't do that.
I know Tom doesn't know I did that.
I know Tom doesn't know I didn't do that.
I know Tom doesn't know I don't have to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know I don't need to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know I don't often do that.
I know Tom doesn't know I don't want to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know I have to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know I know how to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know I need to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know I should do that.
I know Tom doesn't know I shouldn't be doing that.
I know Tom doesn't know I shouldn't do that.
I know Tom doesn't know I want to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know I won't be able to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know I'm planning to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know I've never done that before.
I know Tom doesn't know I've never done that.
I know Tom doesn't know Mary can't do that.
I know Tom doesn't know Mary did that.
I know Tom doesn't know Mary didn't do that.
I know Tom doesn't know Mary doesn't have to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know Mary doesn't need to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know Mary doesn't often do that.
I know Tom doesn't know Mary doesn't want to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know Mary has never done that before.
I know Tom doesn't know Mary has never done that.
I know Tom doesn't know Mary has to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know Mary is planning to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know Mary knows how to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know Mary needs to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know Mary should do that.
I know Tom doesn't know Mary shouldn't be doing that.
I know Tom doesn't know Mary shouldn't do that.
I know Tom doesn't know Mary wants to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know Mary won't be able to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know any other way to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know anybody who can do that.
I know Tom doesn't know anybody who does that.
I know Tom doesn't know anybody who's able to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know anyone who can do that.
I know Tom doesn't know anyone who does that.
I know Tom doesn't know anyone who's able to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know exactly how much it'll cost to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know exactly how to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know for certain when Mary will do that.
I know Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to be doing that here.
I know Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to be doing that today.
I know Tom doesn't know he shouldn't be doing that here.
I know Tom doesn't know he shouldn't be doing that.
I know Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that here.
I know Tom doesn't know he'll never be able to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know he's supposed to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know how Mary managed to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know how long it's going to take to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know how much time he'll need to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know how much time it'll take for him to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know how much time it'll take him to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know how much time it'll take to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know how much time it'll take us to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know how to do that very well.
I know Tom doesn't know how to do that yet.
I know Tom doesn't know how to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know if Mary wants to do that or not.
I know Tom doesn't know that I can't do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that I did that.
I know Tom doesn't know that I didn't do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that I don't have to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that I don't need to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that I don't often do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that I don't want to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that I have to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that I know how to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that I need to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that I should do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that I shouldn't be doing that.
I know Tom doesn't know that I shouldn't do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that I want to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that I won't be able to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that I'm planning to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that I've never done that before.
I know Tom doesn't know that I've never done that.
I know Tom doesn't know that Mary can't do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that Mary did that.
I know Tom doesn't know that Mary didn't do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that Mary doesn't have to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that Mary doesn't need to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that Mary doesn't often do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that Mary doesn't want to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that Mary has never done that before.
I know Tom doesn't know that Mary has never done that.
I know Tom doesn't know that Mary has to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that Mary is planning to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that Mary knows how to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that Mary needs to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that Mary should do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that Mary shouldn't be doing that.
I know Tom doesn't know that Mary shouldn't do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that Mary wants to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that Mary won't be able to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that he doesn't have to do that today.
I know Tom doesn't know that he doesn't have to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that he doesn't have to help us do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that he doesn't need to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that he doesn't need to help us do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that he doesn't really have to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that he has to do that today.
I know Tom doesn't know that he isn't supposed to be doing that here.
I know Tom doesn't know that he isn't supposed to be doing that today.
I know Tom doesn't know that he isn't supposed to be doing that.
I know Tom doesn't know that he isn't supposed to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that he shouldn't be doing that here.
I know Tom doesn't know that he shouldn't be doing that.
I know Tom doesn't know that he shouldn't do that here.
I know Tom doesn't know that he'll never be able to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that he's not supposed to be doing that.
I know Tom doesn't know that he's not supposed to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that he's supposed to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know when I did that.
I know Tom doesn't know when I have to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know when I need to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know when I want to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know when Mary did that.
I know Tom doesn't know when Mary has to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know when Mary needs to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know when Mary wants to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know when we did that.
I know Tom doesn't know when you did that.
I know Tom doesn't know where I did that.
I know Tom doesn't know where Mary did that.
I know Tom doesn't know where he should do that.
I know Tom doesn't know where we did that.
I know Tom doesn't know where you did that.
I know Tom doesn't know whether Mary can do that or not.
I know Tom doesn't know whether he can do that or not.
I know Tom doesn't know whether to do that or not.
I know Tom doesn't know who I am.
I know Tom doesn't know who can do that and who can't.
I know Tom doesn't know who did that for him.
I know Tom doesn't know who did that for us.
I know Tom doesn't know who did that to Mary.
I know Tom doesn't know who has to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know who needs to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know who wanted to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know who wants to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know who's going to do that for Mary.
I know Tom doesn't know who's going to do that for him.
I know Tom doesn't know who's going to do that for me.
I know Tom doesn't know who's going to do that for us.
I know Tom doesn't know who's going to do that for you.
I know Tom doesn't know who's going to do that with Mary.
I know Tom doesn't know who's going to do that with him.
I know Tom doesn't know who's going to do that with me.
I know Tom doesn't know who's going to do that with us.
I know Tom doesn't know who's going to do that with you.
I know Tom doesn't know who's going to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know who's going to help Mary do that.
I know Tom doesn't know who's going to help him do that.
I know Tom doesn't know who's going to help me do that.
I know Tom doesn't know who's going to help us do that.
I know Tom doesn't know who's going to help you do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I can't do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I couldn't do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I did that by myself.
I know Tom doesn't know why I did that on Monday.
I know Tom doesn't know why I didn't do that yesterday.
I know Tom doesn't know why I didn't do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I didn't have to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I didn't need to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I didn't want to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I don't like doing that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I don't like to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I don't want Mary to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I don't want him to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I don't want to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I had to do that by myself.
I know Tom doesn't know why I had to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I have to do that by myself.
I know Tom doesn't know why I have to do that tomorrow.
I know Tom doesn't know why I have to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I kept doing that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I need to do that by myself.
I know Tom doesn't know why I need to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I needed to do that by myself.
I know Tom doesn't know why I needed to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I never wanted to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I want Mary to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I want him to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I want to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I wanted to do that by myself.
I know Tom doesn't know why I wanted to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I wasn't able do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I'm afraid to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I'm not able do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I'm planning on doing that next weekend.
I know Tom doesn't know why I'm planning on doing that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I'm planning to do that next weekend.
I know Tom doesn't know why I'm planning to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I'm scared to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary can't do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary couldn't do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary did that by herself.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary did that on Monday.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't do that yesterday.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't have to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't need to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't want to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary does that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't like doing that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't like to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't want John to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't want him to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't want to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary had to do that by herself.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary had to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary has to do that by herself.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary has to do that tomorrow.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary has to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary is afraid to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary is doing that by herself.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary is doing that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary is planning on doing that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary is planning to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary kept doing that even though he'd asked her not to.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary kept doing that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary needed to do that by herself.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary needed to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary needs to do that by herself.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary needs to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary never wanted to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary should do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary wanted me to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary wanted to do that by herself.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary wanted to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary wants John to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary wants him to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary wants me to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary wants to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary wants us to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary wasn't able do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why he has to do that by himself.
I know Tom doesn't know why he needed to do that by himself.
I know Tom doesn't know why he needs to do that by himself.
I know Tom doesn't know why he should do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why we can't do that for Mary.
I know Tom doesn't know why we can't do that for him.
I know Tom doesn't know why we couldn't do that for Mary.
I know Tom doesn't know why we couldn't do that for him.
I know Tom doesn't know why we did that by ourselves.
I know Tom doesn't know why we didn't do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why we had to do that by ourselves.
I know Tom doesn't know why we have to do that by ourselves.
I know Tom doesn't know why we need to do that by ourselves.
I know Tom doesn't know why we needed to do that by ourselves.
I know Tom doesn't know why we should do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why we wanted to do that by ourselves.
I know Tom doesn't know why you did that alone.
I know Tom doesn't know why you did that by yourself.
I know Tom doesn't know why you did that by yourselves.
I know Tom doesn't know why you didn't do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why you had to do that by yourself.
I know Tom doesn't know why you had to do that by yourselves.
I know Tom doesn't know why you have to do that by yourself.
I know Tom doesn't know why you have to do that by yourselves.
I know Tom doesn't know why you need to do that by yourself.
I know Tom doesn't know why you need to do that by yourselves.
I know Tom doesn't know why you needed to do that by yourself.
I know Tom doesn't know why you needed to do that by yourselves.
I know Tom doesn't know why you should do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why you want me to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why you wanted me to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why you wanted to do that by yourself.
I know Tom doesn't know why you wanted to do that by yourselves.
I know Tom doesn't like Mary, but I don't know why.
I know Tom doesn't like Mary.
I know Tom doesn't like cats.
I know Tom doesn't like doing that.
I know Tom doesn't like me much.
I know Tom doesn't like me very much.
I know Tom doesn't like me, but I don't care.
I know Tom doesn't like me.
I know Tom doesn't like spinach.
I know Tom doesn't like swimming.
I know Tom doesn't like that.
I know Tom doesn't like to do that.
I know Tom doesn't like you.
I know Tom doesn't love me.
I know Tom doesn't love you.
I know Tom doesn't need me to do that for him.
I know Tom doesn't need me to do that.
I know Tom doesn't need to do that anymore.
I know Tom doesn't need to do that by himself.
I know Tom doesn't need to do that until next year.
I know Tom doesn't need to do that, but he said that he wanted to.
I know Tom doesn't need to do that.
I know Tom doesn't need to win.
I know Tom doesn't often do that anymore.
I know Tom doesn't often do that these days.
I know Tom doesn't often do that.
I know Tom doesn't often leave early.
I know Tom doesn't often win.
I know Tom doesn't plan on doing that anytime soon.
I know Tom doesn't plan on doing that this week.
I know Tom doesn't plan on doing that unless he has to.
I know Tom doesn't plan on doing that.
I know Tom doesn't plan to do that anytime soon.
I know Tom doesn't plan to do that this week.
I know Tom doesn't plan to do that unless he has to.
I know Tom doesn't plan to do that.
I know Tom doesn't play the bass very well.
I know Tom doesn't play the trombone as well as Mary does.
I know Tom doesn't play the trombone as well as Mary.
I know Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that by himself.
I know Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that.
I know Tom doesn't really have the courage to do that.
I know Tom doesn't really have to do that anymore.
I know Tom doesn't really know what he's doing.
I know Tom doesn't really need to do that anymore.
I know Tom doesn't really want to do that anymore.
I know Tom doesn't really want to do that.
I know Tom doesn't speak French.
I know Tom doesn't want me to do that for Mary.
I know Tom doesn't want me to do that for him.
I know Tom doesn't want me to do that today.
I know Tom doesn't want me to do that.
I know Tom doesn't want to be a florist like his father.
I know Tom doesn't want to be here.
I know Tom doesn't want to be the next one to do that.
I know Tom doesn't want to be there.
I know Tom doesn't want to do that again.
I know Tom doesn't want to do that anymore.
I know Tom doesn't want to do that for Mary.
I know Tom doesn't want to do that right now.
I know Tom doesn't want to do that this morning.
I know Tom doesn't want to do that today.
I know Tom doesn't want to do that until after lunch.
I know Tom doesn't want to do that with Mary.
I know Tom doesn't want to do that with me.
I know Tom doesn't want to do that with us.
I know Tom doesn't want to do that with you.
I know Tom doesn't want to do that, but I want him to do it anyway.
I know Tom doesn't want to do that.
I know Tom doesn't want to get married.
I know Tom doesn't want to hear what I'm about to say.
I know Tom drinks coffee.
I know Tom enjoyed doing that.
I know Tom enjoys doing that.
I know Tom expected Mary to ask him to do that.
I know Tom expected Mary to do that.
I know Tom expected me to do that.
I know Tom expected us to do that.
I know Tom expected you to do that.
I know Tom expects me to help Mary do that.
I know Tom expects me to help Mary.
I know Tom expects me to help him do that.
I know Tom expects me to help him.
I know Tom feels the same way I do.
I know Tom forgot to do that.
I know Tom from work.
I know Tom got injured doing that.
I know Tom had a lot of fun doing that.
I know Tom had nothing to do with that.
I know Tom had nothing to do with this.
I know Tom had to do that by himself.
I know Tom had to do that today.
I know Tom had to do that yesterday.
I know Tom had to do that.
I know Tom hardly ever does that anymore.
I know Tom hardly ever does that by himself.
I know Tom hardly ever does that.
I know Tom has a girlfriend.
I know Tom has a house in Australia.
I know Tom has a house in Boston.
I know Tom has a pool.
I know Tom has agreed to do that.
I know Tom has already done that.
I know Tom has already left Australia.
I know Tom has already left Boston.
I know Tom has already left for Australia.
I know Tom has already left for Boston.
I know Tom has been arrested.
I know Tom has been busy.
I know Tom has been doing that.
I know Tom has been forgiven.
I know Tom has been helpful.
I know Tom has been hurt.
I know Tom has been injured.
I know Tom has been sick.
I know Tom has been suspended.
I know Tom has been unhappy.
I know Tom has betrayed you.
I know Tom has decided not to do that.
I know Tom has decided to do that.
I know Tom has died.
I know Tom has done it.
I know Tom has done that already.
I know Tom has done that at least once.
I know Tom has done that at least three times.
I know Tom has done that before.
I know Tom has done that by himself.
I know Tom has done that once.
I know Tom has done that.
I know Tom has enough money to buy what he wants.
I know Tom has experience.
I know Tom has finished doing that already.
I know Tom has finished doing that.
I know Tom has forgotten to do that.
I know Tom has gone to Australia.
I know Tom has gone to Boston.
I know Tom has gone.
I know Tom has lied to us.
I know Tom has lived in Australia.
I know Tom has lived in Boston.
I know Tom has never actually done that.
I know Tom has never been a construction worker.
I know Tom has never been very good at doing that.
I know Tom has never been very good at that.
I know Tom has never done that before.
I know Tom has never done that by himself.
I know Tom has never done that.
I know Tom has passed away.
I know Tom has spent time in prison.
I know Tom has started to do that.
I know Tom has to do that again.
I know Tom has to do that by himself.
I know Tom has to do that right now.
I know Tom has to do that today.
I know Tom has to do that.
I know Tom has to go to Australia.
I know Tom has to go to Boston.
I know Tom has to leave soon.
I know Tom has to leave tomorrow.
I know Tom has to leave.
I know Tom has to wait for Mary.
I know Tom has tried doing that.
I know Tom has tried to do that.
I know Tom has worked as a voice actor.
I know Tom hasn't agreed to do that.
I know Tom hasn't asked Mary to do that yet.
I know Tom hasn't asked Mary to do that.
I know Tom hasn't been doing that.
I know Tom hasn't been very happy here.
I know Tom hasn't done that yet.
I know Tom hasn't done that.
I know Tom hasn't finished doing that yet.
I know Tom hasn't forgotten how to do that.
I know Tom hasn't gotten around to doing that yet.
I know Tom hasn't yet asked Mary to do that.
I know Tom hates Mary.
I know Tom hates cats.
I know Tom helped Mary do that.
I know Tom helped Mary.
I know Tom helped you.
I know Tom hired Mary.
I know Tom hurt you.
I know Tom intended to do that.
I know Tom intentionally did that.
I know Tom is Canadian.
I know Tom is Mary's brother, not her boyfriend.
I know Tom is Mary's cousin, not her brother.
I know Tom is OK.
I know Tom is a Canadian citizen.
I know Tom is a Canadian.
I know Tom is a French teacher.
I know Tom is a Harvard graduate.
I know Tom is a Red Cross volunteer.
I know Tom is a Vietnam veteran.
I know Tom is a bachelor.
I know Tom is a bad boss.
I know Tom is a bad coach.
I know Tom is a bad cook.
I know Tom is a bad liar.
I know Tom is a bad loser.
I know Tom is a bad role model.
I know Tom is a bad student.
I know Tom is a ballet dancer.
I know Tom is a bank manager.
I know Tom is a barber.
I know Tom is a bartender.
I know Tom is a baseball fan.
I know Tom is a basketball player.
I know Tom is a bassoonist.
I know Tom is a beginner.
I know Tom is a better French speaker than Mary is.
I know Tom is a better French speaker than Mary.
I know Tom is a better at guitar than Mary is.
I know Tom is a better at guitar than Mary.
I know Tom is a better bass player than Mary is.
I know Tom is a better bass player than Mary.
I know Tom is a better chess player than I am.
I know Tom is a better chess player than Mary.
I know Tom is a better cook than I am.
I know Tom is a better cook than Mary.
I know Tom is a better cook than his mother.
I know Tom is a better cook than me.
I know Tom is a better dancer than me.
I know Tom is a better driver than I am.
I know Tom is a better driver than Mary is.
I know Tom is a better driver than Mary.
I know Tom is a better driver than me.
I know Tom is a better drummer than Mary is.
I know Tom is a better drummer than Mary.
I know Tom is a better musician than Mary is.
I know Tom is a better musician than Mary.
I know Tom is a better person than I'll ever be.
I know Tom is a better person than me.
I know Tom is a better pilot than Mary is.
I know Tom is a better pilot than Mary.
I know Tom is a better pitcher this year than he was last year.
I know Tom is a better singer than Mary is.
I know Tom is a better singer than Mary.
I know Tom is a better skier than Mary is.
I know Tom is a better skier than Mary.
I know Tom is a better student than Mary is.
I know Tom is a better student than Mary.
I know Tom is a better swimmer than I am.
I know Tom is a better swimmer than Mary is.
I know Tom is a better swimmer than Mary.
I know Tom is a better swimmer than me.
I know Tom is a better teacher than Mary is.
I know Tom is a better teacher than Mary.
I know Tom is a better tennis player than I am.
I know Tom is a better tennis player than me.
I know Tom is a better tennis player than you are.
I know Tom is a better tennis player than you.
I know Tom is a big baseball fan.
I know Tom is a billionaire.
I know Tom is a binge drinker.
I know Tom is a biologist.
I know Tom is a bird watcher.
I know Tom is a bit chubby.
I know Tom is a bit conceited.
I know Tom is a bit confused.
I know Tom is a bit crazy.
I know Tom is a bit disoriented.
I know Tom is a bit eccentric.
I know Tom is a bit naive.
I know Tom is a bit old fashioned.
I know Tom is a bit older than Mary.
I know Tom is a bit older than me.
I know Tom is a bit older than you.
I know Tom is a bit overweight.
I know Tom is a bit paranoid.
I know Tom is a bit short for his age.
I know Tom is a bit shorter than I am.
I know Tom is a bit shorter than Mary is.
I know Tom is a bit shorter than Mary.
I know Tom is a bit shorter than me.
I know Tom is a bit shy.
I know Tom is a bit snobbish.
I know Tom is a bit stingy.
I know Tom is a bit strange.
I know Tom is a bit taller than I am.
I know Tom is a bit taller than Mary is.
I know Tom is a bit taller than Mary.
I know Tom is a bit taller than me.
I know Tom is a bit tipsy.
I know Tom is a bit under the weather.
I know Tom is a bit unsociable.
I know Tom is a bit younger than I am.
I know Tom is a bit younger than Mary is.
I know Tom is a bit younger than Mary.
I know Tom is a bit younger than me.
I know Tom is a blabbermouth.
I know Tom is a blond.
I know Tom is a bookworm.
I know Tom is a boy's name and Mary is a girl's name.
I know Tom is a branch manager.
I know Tom is a brave man.
I know Tom is a brave person.
I know Tom is a bright boy.
I know Tom is a bright guy.
I know Tom is a bright kid.
I know Tom is a buddy of yours.
I know Tom is a bully.
I know Tom is a bum.
I know Tom is a bus driver.
I know Tom is a businessman.
I know Tom is a busy man.
I know Tom is a busy person.
I know Tom is a butcher.
I know Tom is a careful driver.
I know Tom is a careless driver.
I know Tom is a carpenter.
I know Tom is a cat lover.
I know Tom is a clever kid.
I know Tom is a close friend of Mary's.
I know Tom is a close friend of yours.
I know Tom is a coach.
I know Tom is a coal miner.
I know Tom is a college dropout.
I know Tom is a college graduate.
I know Tom is a college professor.
I know Tom is a college student.
I know Tom is a compulsive gambler.
I know Tom is a compulsive liar.
I know Tom is a con artist.
I know Tom is a conscientious guy.
I know Tom is a conscientious objector.
I know Tom is a conservative.
I know Tom is a construction worker.
I know Tom is a control freak.
I know Tom is a convicted arsonist.
I know Tom is a convicted felon.
I know Tom is a cook.
I know Tom is a cool guy.
I know Tom is a coward.
I know Tom is a creative person.
I know Tom is a creep.
I know Tom is a crook.
I know Tom is a crybaby.
I know Tom is a cute kid.
I know Tom is a dance teacher.
I know Tom is a daydreamer.
I know Tom is a dedicated family man.
I know Tom is a dedicated teacher.
I know Tom is a dentist.
I know Tom is a dependable person.
I know Tom is a designer, but I don't know what kind of things he designs.
I know Tom is a detective, but I don't know much else about him.
I know Tom is a devoted husband, but he's not a very good father.
I know Tom is a different person now.
I know Tom is a difficult person to be around.
I know Tom is a difficult person to deal with.
I know Tom is a disagreeable old man, but we still need to help him.
I know Tom is a divorce lawyer.
I know Tom is a doctor now.
I know Tom is a doctor, but I don't know what kind of doctor.
I know Tom is a doctor.
I know Tom is a dog breeder, so maybe we can get a dog from him.
I know Tom is a dog trainer, so maybe we can get him to train our dog.
I know Tom is a dreamer.
I know Tom is a driving instructor.
I know Tom is a drummer. Why don't we see if he wants to join our band?
I know Tom is a fairly decent golfer.
I know Tom is a fairly good French speaker.
I know Tom is a fairly good drummer.
I know Tom is a fairly good guitar player.
I know Tom is a fairly good photographer.
I know Tom is a fairly good skater.
I know Tom is a fairly good skier.
I know Tom is a fairly good soccer player.
I know Tom is a fairly good songwriter.
I know Tom is a fairly good tennis player.
I know Tom is a fairly good volleyball player.
I know Tom is a famous musician.
I know Tom is a fantastic cook.
I know Tom is a farmer, but I don't know where his farm it.
I know Tom is a farmer.
I know Tom is a fast driver.
I know Tom is a fast eater.
I know Tom is a fast learner.
I know Tom is a fast runner, but I still think I could beat him in a race.
I know Tom is a fast runner, but I still think that I could beat him in a race.
I know Tom is a fast swimmer.
I know Tom is a fast worker, but he does sloppy work.
I know Tom is a faster swimmer than Mary is.
I know Tom is a faster swimmer than Mary.
I know Tom is a father now.
I know Tom is a father now. I wonder if he'll be a good father.
I know Tom is a felon, but I still think he's a nice guy.
I know Tom is a few inches shorter than Mary is.
I know Tom is a few inches shorter than Mary.
I know Tom is a few inches taller than Mary is.
I know Tom is a few inches taller than Mary.
I know Tom is a few months older than Mary is.
I know Tom is a few months older than Mary.
I know Tom is a few pounds heavier than Mary is.
I know Tom is a few pounds heavier than Mary.
I know Tom is a few pounds lighter than Mary is.
I know Tom is a few pounds lighter than Mary.
I know Tom is a few weeks behind schedule.
I know Tom is a few years older than Mary is.
I know Tom is a few years older than Mary.
I know Tom is a few years younger than I am.
I know Tom is a few years younger than me.
I know Tom is a financial adviser. Maybe he can help us.
I know Tom is a financial advisor. Maybe he can help us.
I know Tom is a financial wizard.
I know Tom is a firearms expert.
I know Tom is a flight attendant, but Mary thinks he's a pilot.
I know Tom is a fluent French speaker.
I know Tom is a fool.
I know Tom is a foreigner.
I know Tom is a forest ranger.
I know Tom is a former CIA agent.
I know Tom is a former boyfriend of Mary's.
I know Tom is a freshman.
I know Tom is a friend of Mary's, but I don't think he's her boyfriend.
I know Tom is a friend of Mary's, but I don't think that he's her boyfriend.
I know Tom is a friend of Mary's.
I know Tom is a friend of a friend of Mary's.
I know Tom is a friend of a friend of yours.
I know Tom is a friend of yours from school.
I know Tom is a friend of yours, but I don't like him.
I know Tom is a friend of yours, but I still don't like him.
I know Tom is a friend of yours.
I know Tom is a fussy eater.
I know Tom is a fussy person.
I know Tom is a gambler.
I know Tom is a gardener.
I know Tom is a genius.
I know Tom is a gentleman.
I know Tom is a gifted actor.
I know Tom is a golfer. Maybe he could teach you how to play.
I know Tom is a good actor.
I know Tom is a good athlete.
I know Tom is a good banjo player.
I know Tom is a good baseball player.
I know Tom is a good basketball coach.
I know Tom is a good basketball player.
I know Tom is a good bass player.
I know Tom is a good boss.
I know Tom is a good bricklayer.
I know Tom is a good businessman.
I know Tom is a good carpenter.
I know Tom is a good chef.
I know Tom is a good coach.
I know Tom is a good cook.
I know Tom is a good dancer.
I know Tom is a good detective.
I know Tom is a good diver.
I know Tom is a good driver.
I know Tom is a good drummer, but I don't like him, so let's not ask him to join our band.
I know Tom is a good drummer.
I know Tom is a good father.
I know Tom is a good friend of Mary's.
I know Tom is a good friend of yours.
I know Tom is a good guitar player.
I know Tom is a good guitarist.
I know Tom is a good guy.
I know Tom is a good hockey player.
I know Tom is a good husband and a good father.
I know Tom is a good husband and father.
I know Tom is a good judge of character.
I know Tom is a good listener.
I know Tom is a good manager.
I know Tom is a good music teacher.
I know Tom is a good musician.
I know Tom is a good painter.
I know Tom is a good person.
I know Tom is a good photographer.
I know Tom is a good pilot.
I know Tom is a good pitcher.
I know Tom is a good salesman.
I know Tom is a good singer, but I think Mary is better.
I know Tom is a good singer, but I think that Mary is better.
I know Tom is a good singer.
I know Tom is a good skater.
I know Tom is a good skier.
I know Tom is a good soccer player.
I know Tom is a good songwriter.
I know Tom is a good student, but I don't think he's very good at math.
I know Tom is a good student.
I know Tom is a good surgeon, but I'd rather have a surgeon who isn't a close friend.
I know Tom is a good swimmer, but he doesn't swim as well as I do.
I know Tom is a good swimmer.
I know Tom is a good teacher.
I know Tom is a good tennis player.
I know Tom is a good violinist.
I know Tom is a good volleyball player.
I know Tom is a good worker.
I know Tom is a good wrestler.
I know Tom is a good writer.
I know Tom is a good-looking guy, but he's not too friendly.
I know Tom is a good-looking man, but I still wouldn't want to date him.
I know Tom is a graduate of Harvard.
I know Tom is a graduate student.
I know Tom is a graphic designer.
I know Tom is a greedy man.
I know Tom is a grouch.
I know Tom is a guitar teacher.
I know Tom is a gun owner.
I know Tom is a guy who's not afraid to tell it like it is.
I know Tom is a guy you can lean on.
I know Tom is a gym teacher.
I know Tom is a handsome guy.
I know Tom is a handsome man.
I know Tom is a hard man to deal with.
I know Tom is a hard man to please.
I know Tom is a hard person to please.
I know Tom is a hard person to say no to.
I know Tom is a hard worker.
I know Tom is a health nut.
I know Tom is a healthy person.
I know Tom is a heavy drinker.
I know Tom is a heavy sleeper.
I know Tom is a heavy smoker.
I know Tom is a helicopter pilot.
I know Tom is a helpful guy.
I know Tom is a heroin addict.
I know Tom is a high school dropout.
I know Tom is a high school graduate.
I know Tom is a high school student.
I know Tom is a history teacher.
I know Tom is a hockey fan.
I know Tom is a homicide detective.
I know Tom is a hopeless romantic.
I know Tom is a horrible driver.
I know Tom is a horse trainer.
I know Tom is a house painter.
I know Tom is a huge baseball fan.
I know Tom is a huge guy.
I know Tom is a janitor.
I know Tom is a jazz musician.
I know Tom is a jazz pianist.
I know Tom is a jealous man.
I know Tom is a jerk.
I know Tom is a journalist.
I know Tom is a junior high school student.
I know Tom is a junior in high school.
I know Tom is a junior.
I know Tom is a just beginner, but he's a fast learner.
I know Tom is a kindergarten teacher.
I know Tom is a klutz.
I know Tom is a law student.
I know Tom is a lazy kid.
I know Tom is a lazy person.
I know Tom is a liar.
I know Tom is a liberal.
I know Tom is a librarian.
I know Tom is a lifeguard.
I know Tom is a light eater.
I know Tom is a light sleeper.
I know Tom is a little behind schedule.
I know Tom is a little chubby.
I know Tom is a little confused.
I know Tom is a little crazy.
I know Tom is a little disappointed.
I know Tom is a little early.
I know Tom is a little embarrassed.
I know Tom is a little emotional.
I know Tom is a little homesick.
I know Tom is a little late.
I know Tom is a little like his father.
I know Tom is a little moody today.
I know Tom is a little more patient than I am.
I know Tom is a little nervous.
I know Tom is a little nuts.
I know Tom is a little odd.
I know Tom is a little old.
I know Tom is a little older than I am.
I know Tom is a little older than Mary is.
I know Tom is a little older than Mary.
I know Tom is a little older than me.
I know Tom is a little older than the rest of the students in his class.
I know Tom is a little over thirty.
I know Tom is a little overweight.
I know Tom is a little paranoid.
I know Tom is a little preoccupied right now.
I know Tom is a little shy.
I know Tom is a little skeptical.
I know Tom is a little strange.
I know Tom is a little taller than I am.
I know Tom is a little taller than Mary is.
I know Tom is a little taller than Mary.
I know Tom is a little taller than me.
I know Tom is a little taller than you are.
I know Tom is a little taller than you.
I know Tom is a little tired.
I know Tom is a little too old for me.
I know Tom is a little too young for me.
I know Tom is a little too young to be doing that by himself.
I know Tom is a little too young to be doing that.
I know Tom is a little under the weather.
I know Tom is a little upset.
I know Tom is a little weird.
I know Tom is a little worried about Mary.
I know Tom is a little worried about what might happen if he does that.
I know Tom is a little worried about what might happen.
I know Tom is a little worried.
I know Tom is a little younger than your daughter.
I know Tom is a locksmith.
I know Tom is a loner.
I know Tom is a long-time Boston resident.
I know Tom is a lot better French speaker than I am.
I know Tom is a lot better French speaker than you are.
I know Tom is a lot better at French than you are.
I know Tom is a lot better at doing that than I am.
I know Tom is a lot better at doing that than Mary is.
I know Tom is a lot better at doing that than Mary.
I know Tom is a lot better at doing that than me.
I know Tom is a lot better guitarist than I am.
I know Tom is a lot better now.
I know Tom is a lot better skier than you are.
I know Tom is a lot busier than I am.
I know Tom is a lot busier this week than he was last week.
I know Tom is a lot different now than he used to be.
I know Tom is a lot different now.
I know Tom is a lot faster at doing that than Mary is.
I know Tom is a lot faster at doing that than Mary.
I know Tom is a lot happier since he changed jobs.
I know Tom is a lot like I was at his age.
I know Tom is a lot like John.
I know Tom is a lot like Mary.
I know Tom is a lot like his brother.
I know Tom is a lot like his father.
I know Tom is a lot like his older brother.
I know Tom is a lot like me.
I know Tom is a lot like us.
I know Tom is a lot more creative than I am.
I know Tom is a lot more creative than Mary is.
I know Tom is a lot more creative than Mary.
I know Tom is a lot more creative than me.
I know Tom is a lot older than I am.
I know Tom is a lot older than Mary is.
I know Tom is a lot older than Mary.
I know Tom is a lot older than he says he is.
I know Tom is a lot older than me.
I know Tom is a lot older than my father is.
I know Tom is a lot older than my father.
I know Tom is a lot older than you think he is.
I know Tom is a lot shorter than I am.
I know Tom is a lot shorter than Mary is.
I know Tom is a lot shorter than Mary.
I know Tom is a lot shorter than me.
I know Tom is a lot shorter than you are.
I know Tom is a lot shorter than you.
I know Tom is a lot smarter now.
I know Tom is a lot smarter than I am.
I know Tom is a lot smarter than Mary is.
I know Tom is a lot smarter than Mary.
I know Tom is a lot smarter than he looks.
I know Tom is a lot smarter than many people think he is.
I know Tom is a lot smarter than me.
I know Tom is a lot smarter than most people think he is.
I know Tom is a lot smarter than you are.
I know Tom is a lot smarter than you think he is.
I know Tom is a lot stronger than I am.
I know Tom is a lot stronger than Mary is.
I know Tom is a lot stronger than Mary.
I know Tom is a lot stronger than me.
I know Tom is a lot taller than I am.
I know Tom is a lot taller than Mary is.
I know Tom is a lot taller than Mary.
I know Tom is a lot taller than his father.
I know Tom is a lot taller than me.
I know Tom is a lot tougher than he looks.
I know Tom is a lot younger than I am.
I know Tom is a lot younger than Mary is.
I know Tom is a lot younger than Mary thinks he is.
I know Tom is a lot younger than Mary thinks.
I know Tom is a lot younger than Mary.
I know Tom is a lot younger than he says he is.
I know Tom is a lot younger than me.
I know Tom is a lot younger than you think he is.
I know Tom is a lousy dancer.
I know Tom is a man now.
I know Tom is a man who gets things done.
I know Tom is a man who likes a challenge.
I know Tom is a man's name and Mary is a woman's name.
I know Tom is a married man.
I know Tom is a mechanic.
I know Tom is a member of a gang.
I know Tom is a member.
I know Tom is a messy person.
I know Tom is a methodical person.
I know Tom is a millionaire.
I know Tom is a miner.
I know Tom is a minor.
I know Tom is a morning person.
I know Tom is a mountain climber.
I know Tom is a movie buff.
I know Tom is a much better bass player than I am.
I know Tom is a much better bass player than me.
I know Tom is a much better chess player than I am.
I know Tom is a much better chess player than me.
I know Tom is a much better cook than I am.
I know Tom is a much better driver than you are.
I know Tom is a much better driver than you.
I know Tom is a much better drummer than I am.
I know Tom is a much better drummer than me.
I know Tom is a much better saxophonist than Mary is.
I know Tom is a much better saxophonist than Mary.
I know Tom is a much better singer now than he used to be.
I know Tom is a much better singer than I am.
I know Tom is a much better singer than Mary is.
I know Tom is a much better singer than Mary.
I know Tom is a much better singer than me.
I know Tom is a much better swimmer than I am.
I know Tom is a much faster driver than Mary is.
I know Tom is a much faster driver than Mary.
I know Tom is a multimillionaire.
I know Tom is a music teacher.
I know Tom is a musical genius.
I know Tom is a musician.
I know Tom is a native French speaker.
I know Tom is a native of Boston.
I know Tom is a new student here.
I know Tom is a new student.
I know Tom is a nice guy.
I know Tom is a nice kid.
I know Tom is a nice person.
I know Tom is a nonsmoker.
I know Tom is a pain in the neck.
I know Tom is a painter.
I know Tom is a paramedic.
I know Tom is a park ranger.
I know Tom is a party animal.
I know Tom is a pathological liar.
I know Tom is a perfectionist.
I know Tom is a person that we can trust.
I know Tom is a person we can rely on.
I know Tom is a person we can trust.
I know Tom is a person who gets things done.
I know Tom is a personal friend of yours.
I know Tom is a pharmacist.
I know Tom is a physical therapist.
I know Tom is a piano teacher.
I know Tom is a picky eater and seldom tries anything new.
I know Tom is a picky eater.
I know Tom is a plastic surgeon.
I know Tom is a plumber.
I know Tom is a popular fella.
I know Tom is a popular guy.
I know Tom is a popular man.
I know Tom is a popular teacher.
I know Tom is a potter.
I know Tom is a powerful man.
I know Tom is a pretty amazing cook.
I know Tom is a pretty bad singer.
I know Tom is a pretty bright boy.
I know Tom is a pretty close friend of yours.
I know Tom is a pretty cool guy.
I know Tom is a pretty good French speaker.
I know Tom is a pretty good French teacher.
I know Tom is a pretty good artist.
I know Tom is a pretty good basketball player.
I know Tom is a pretty good batter.
I know Tom is a pretty good carpenter.
I know Tom is a pretty good chess player.
I know Tom is a pretty good cook.
I know Tom is a pretty good dancer.
I know Tom is a pretty good driver.
I know Tom is a pretty good friend of Mary's.
I know Tom is a pretty good friend of yours.
I know Tom is a pretty good golfer.
I know Tom is a pretty good guitarist.
I know Tom is a pretty good hitter.
I know Tom is a pretty good hockey player.
I know Tom is a pretty good jazz saxophone player.
I know Tom is a pretty good jazz saxophonist.
I know Tom is a pretty good photographer.
I know Tom is a pretty good pianist.
I know Tom is a pretty good salesman.
I know Tom is a pretty good singer.
I know Tom is a pretty good skater.
I know Tom is a pretty good skier.
I know Tom is a pretty good snowboarder.
I know Tom is a pretty good swimmer.
I know Tom is a pretty good tailor.
I know Tom is a pretty good teacher.
I know Tom is a pretty good tennis player.
I know Tom is a pretty smart guy.
I know Tom is a pretty tough guy to impress.
I know Tom is a pretty tough kid.
I know Tom is a pretty unique individual.
I know Tom is a priest.
I know Tom is a primary school teacher.
I know Tom is a prison guard.
I know Tom is a private detective.
I know Tom is a professor at Harvard, but I don't know what he teaches.
I know Tom is a professor at Harvard.
I know Tom is a professor, but I don't know what he teaches.
I know Tom is a prude.
I know Tom is a psychiatrist.
I know Tom is a psychologist.
I know Tom is a quick learner.
I know Tom is a racist.
I know Tom is a realist.
I know Tom is a really bad cook.
I know Tom is a really bad driver.
I know Tom is a really bad liar.
I know Tom is a really bad singer.
I know Tom is a really close friend of Mary's.
I know Tom is a really close friend of yours.
I know Tom is a really good basketball player.
I know Tom is a really good coach.
I know Tom is a really good cook.
I know Tom is a really good dancer.
I know Tom is a really good driver.
I know Tom is a really good friend of Mary's.
I know Tom is a really good friend of yours.
I know Tom is a really good goalie.
I know Tom is a really good golfer.
I know Tom is a really good pitcher.
I know Tom is a really good singer.
I know Tom is a really good songwriter.
I know Tom is a really good student.
I know Tom is a really good teacher.
I know Tom is a really good worker.
I know Tom is a really great listener.
I know Tom is a really hard worker.
I know Tom is a really interesting guy.
I know Tom is a really nice guy.
I know Tom is a really nice kid.
I know Tom is a really nice man.
I know Tom is a really nice person.
I know Tom is a really smart guy.
I know Tom is a really successful musician.
I know Tom is a really talented chess player.
I know Tom is a reasonable guy.
I know Tom is a reasonable man.
I know Tom is a reasonable person.
I know Tom is a rebel.
I know Tom is a rebellious boy.
I know Tom is a recent immigrant from Australia.
I know Tom is a reckless driver.
I know Tom is a reckless young fellow.
I know Tom is a recovering alcoholic.
I know Tom is a redneck.
I know Tom is a regular customer.
I know Tom is a relative of Mary's.
I know Tom is a relative of yours.
I know Tom is a religious fanatic.
I know Tom is a resourceful guy.
I know Tom is a respected businessman.
I know Tom is a respected psychologist.
I know Tom is a responsible driver.
I know Tom is a retired policeman.
I know Tom is a retired psychiatrist.
I know Tom is a retired teacher.
I know Tom is a rookie.
I know Tom is a safe driver.
I know Tom is a school janitor.
I know Tom is a science teacher.
I know Tom is a scoundrel.
I know Tom is a selfish man.
I know Tom is a selfish person.
I know Tom is a senior at Harvard.
I know Tom is a senior.
I know Tom is a showoff.
I know Tom is a shrewd businessman.
I know Tom is a single father.
I know Tom is a skater.
I know Tom is a ski instructor.
I know Tom is a skilled chess player.
I know Tom is a slob.
I know Tom is a slow eater.
I know Tom is a slow learner.
I know Tom is a smart boy.
I know Tom is a smart guy.
I know Tom is a smart kid.
I know Tom is a smart man.
I know Tom is a smart person.
I know Tom is a smoker.
I know Tom is a snob.
I know Tom is a social drinker.
I know Tom is a social worker.
I know Tom is a socialist.
I know Tom is a sociologist.
I know Tom is a someone you'll trouble getting along with.
I know Tom is a son of a policeman.
I know Tom is a songwriter, too.
I know Tom is a songwriter.
I know Tom is a sophomore.
I know Tom is a soulmate of mine.
I know Tom is a southpaw.
I know Tom is a special kid.
I know Tom is a special-needs child.
I know Tom is a specialist.
I know Tom is a spoiled brat.
I know Tom is a sports fanatic.
I know Tom is a spy.
I know Tom is a stand-up guy.
I know Tom is a straight-A student.
I know Tom is a strange guy.
I know Tom is a strange kid.
I know Tom is a strange man.
I know Tom is a strong guy.
I know Tom is a strong man.
I know Tom is a strong swimmer.
I know Tom is a stubborn guy.
I know Tom is a stubborn man.
I know Tom is a stubborn person.
I know Tom is a student at Harvard.
I know Tom is a student, not a teacher.
I know Tom is a student, too.
I know Tom is a student.
I know Tom is a stupid boy.
I know Tom is a surfer.
I know Tom is a surgeon, but I don't know what kind of surgeon.
I know Tom is a tailor, but I've heard that he's not very good.
I know Tom is a talkative person.
I know Tom is a tax consultant.
I know Tom is a taxi driver.
I know Tom is a teacher here.
I know Tom is a teacher now.
I know Tom is a teacher, too.
I know Tom is a teacher.
I know Tom is a teenager.
I know Tom is a tennis player.
I know Tom is a terrible coach.
I know Tom is a terrible cook.
I know Tom is a terrible dancer.
I know Tom is a terrible driver.
I know Tom is a terrible father.
I know Tom is a terrible manager.
I know Tom is a terrible singer.
I know Tom is a thief.
I know Tom is a thug.
I know Tom is a tough guy.
I know Tom is a tough kid.
I know Tom is a traveling salesman.
I know Tom is a troublemaker.
I know Tom is a truck driver.
I know Tom is a trumpet player.
I know Tom is a twin.
I know Tom is a university professor.
I know Tom is a university student.
I know Tom is a used car salesman.
I know Tom is a valuable client.
I know Tom is a vegetarian.
I know Tom is a very ambitious person.
I know Tom is a very athletic guy.
I know Tom is a very bad cook.
I know Tom is a very bad driver.
I know Tom is a very bad singer.
I know Tom is a very classy guy.
I know Tom is a very clever boy.
I know Tom is a very close friend of Mary's.
I know Tom is a very close friend of yours.
I know Tom is a very clumsy guy.
I know Tom is a very compassionate person.
I know Tom is a very competitive guy.
I know Tom is a very creative guy.
I know Tom is a very creative person.
I know Tom is a very easy-going guy.
I know Tom is a very fast swimmer.
I know Tom is a very fussy eater.
I know Tom is a very generous man.
I know Tom is a very generous person.
I know Tom is a very good acrobat.
I know Tom is a very good actor.
I know Tom is a very good artist.
I know Tom is a very good banjo player.
I know Tom is a very good basketball coach.
I know Tom is a very good basketball player.
I know Tom is a very good bass player.
I know Tom is a very good batter.
I know Tom is a very good bowler.
I know Tom is a very good chess player.
I know Tom is a very good clarinetist.
I know Tom is a very good coach.
I know Tom is a very good cook.
I know Tom is a very good customer.
I know Tom is a very good dancer.
I know Tom is a very good driver.
I know Tom is a very good drummer.
I know Tom is a very good figure skater.
I know Tom is a very good football player.
I know Tom is a very good friend of Mary's.
I know Tom is a very good friend of yours.
I know Tom is a very good guitarist.
I know Tom is a very good lawyer.
I know Tom is a very good poker player.
I know Tom is a very good singer.
I know Tom is a very good skater.
I know Tom is a very good skier.
I know Tom is a very good soccer player.
I know Tom is a very good songwriter.
I know Tom is a very good story teller.
I know Tom is a very good storyteller.
I know Tom is a very good student.
I know Tom is a very good teacher.
I know Tom is a very good tennis player.
I know Tom is a very good volleyball player.
I know Tom is a very good worker.
I know Tom is a very hard worker.
I know Tom is a very impatient guy.
I know Tom is a very important member of our team.
I know Tom is a very intelligent guy.
I know Tom is a very jealous man.
I know Tom is a very lazy boy.
I know Tom is a very lazy person.
I know Tom is a very light sleeper.
I know Tom is a very likable guy.
I know Tom is a very likable person.
I know Tom is a very lucky guy.
I know Tom is a very mean person.
I know Tom is a very modest man.
I know Tom is a very nice guy.
I know Tom is a very odd person.
I know Tom is a very old friend of Mary's.
I know Tom is a very old friend of yours.
I know Tom is a very old man.
I know Tom is a very opinionated person.
I know Tom is a very outgoing person.
I know Tom is a very particular man.
I know Tom is a very patient man.
I know Tom is a very peculiar person.
I know Tom is a very practical person.
I know Tom is a very protective father.
I know Tom is a very quiet neighbor.
I know Tom is a very quiet person.
I know Tom is a very religious man.
I know Tom is a very religious person.
I know Tom is a very rich man.
I know Tom is a very rude person.
I know Tom is a very secretive person.
I know Tom is a very selfish person.
I know Tom is a very shrewd businessman.
I know Tom is a very shy boy.
I know Tom is a very smart guy.
I know Tom is a very smart kid.
I know Tom is a very sound sleeper.
I know Tom is a very stingy person.
I know Tom is a very strange person.
I know Tom is a very strong guy.
I know Tom is a very strong man.
I know Tom is a very successful businessman.
I know Tom is a very talented chess player.
I know Tom is a very talented guitarist.
I know Tom is a very talented kid.
I know Tom is a very talented man.
I know Tom is a very talented musician.
I know Tom is a very talented painter.
I know Tom is a very talented songwriter.
I know Tom is a very valuable client.
I know Tom is a very wealthy guy.
I know Tom is a very wealthy man.
I know Tom is a veteran.
I know Tom is a veterinarian.
I know Tom is a violin teacher.
I know Tom is a weird guy.
I know Tom is a weirdo.
I know Tom is a widower.
I know Tom is a wimp.
I know Tom is a wise man.
I know Tom is a workaholic.
I know Tom is a year older than I am.
I know Tom is a year older than Mary.
I know Tom is a year older than me.
I know Tom is able to do that better than I am.
I know Tom is able to do that.
I know Tom is able to take care of himself.
I know Tom is able to understand French.
I know Tom is about Mary's age.
I know Tom is about as old as Mary is.
I know Tom is about as old as Mary.
I know Tom is about as tall as Mary is.
I know Tom is about as tall as Mary.
I know Tom is about half Mary's age.
I know Tom is about my age.
I know Tom is about the same age as I am.
I know Tom is about the same age as Mary is.
I know Tom is about the same age as Mary.
I know Tom is about the same age as me.
I know Tom is about the same age as my father.
I know Tom is about the same age as we are.
I know Tom is about the same age as you are.
I know Tom is about the same age as you.
I know Tom is about the same age as your daughter.
I know Tom is about the same height as I am.
I know Tom is about the same height as Mary is.
I know Tom is about the same height as Mary.
I know Tom is about the same height as me.
I know Tom is about the same height as you are.
I know Tom is about the same height as you.
I know Tom is about the same weight as I am.
I know Tom is about the same weight as me.
I know Tom is about the same weight as you are.
I know Tom is about the same weight as you.
I know Tom is about thirty now.
I know Tom is about thirty years old.
I know Tom is about three years older than Mary is.
I know Tom is about three years older than Mary.
I know Tom is about three years younger than Mary is.
I know Tom is about three years younger than Mary.
I know Tom is about to cry.
I know Tom is about to fall asleep.
I know Tom is about to leave.
I know Tom is about your age.
I know Tom is absent because he's in the hospital.
I know Tom is absent because he's sick.
I know Tom is absent-minded.
I know Tom is absent.
I know Tom is abusing his authority.
I know Tom is accustomed to doing that.
I know Tom is acting a little strange.
I know Tom is active in his church.
I know Tom is active in local politics.
I know Tom is active.
I know Tom is actually not very conservative.
I know Tom is actually on his way to Boston right now.
I know Tom is actually very conservative.
I know Tom is adopted.
I know Tom is afraid he might hurt Mary's feelings.
I know Tom is afraid he'll get fired.
I know Tom is afraid he'll get lost.
I know Tom is afraid of Mary's dog.
I know Tom is afraid of Mary.
I know Tom is afraid of being cheated.
I know Tom is afraid of catching a cold.
I know Tom is afraid of doctors.
I know Tom is afraid of everybody.
I know Tom is afraid of everyone.
I know Tom is afraid of flying.
I know Tom is afraid of ghosts.
I know Tom is afraid of heights.
I know Tom is afraid of his father.
I know Tom is afraid of kicks.
I know Tom is afraid of losing Mary.
I know Tom is afraid of me.
I know Tom is afraid of my dog.
I know Tom is afraid of snakes.
I know Tom is afraid of spiders.
I know Tom is afraid of the dark.
I know Tom is afraid of us.
I know Tom is afraid of you.
I know Tom is afraid people might laugh at him.
I know Tom is afraid that he might hurt Mary's feelings.
I know Tom is afraid that he'll get fired.
I know Tom is afraid that he'll get lost.
I know Tom is afraid that that'll happen again.
I know Tom is afraid that the police might arrest Mary.
I know Tom is afraid that the police might arrest him.
I know Tom is afraid that'll happen again.
I know Tom is afraid to do that.
I know Tom is afraid to get involved.
I know Tom is afraid to go home.
I know Tom is afraid to go into the cave.
I know Tom is afraid to go out after dark.
I know Tom is afraid to go out alone at night.
I know Tom is afraid to go out at night.
I know Tom is afraid to go outside.
I know Tom is afraid to go there by himself.
I know Tom is afraid to leave his house.
I know Tom is afraid to refuse to do that.
I know Tom is afraid to say anything.
I know Tom is afraid to try new things.
I know Tom is afraid to try to do that.
I know Tom is afraid to walk through the woods alone.
I know Tom is afraid to walk through the woods at night.
I know Tom is afraid.
I know Tom is after me.
I know Tom is against it.
I know Tom is against the plan.
I know Tom is aggressive.
I know Tom is agnostic.
I know Tom is ahead of schedule.
I know Tom is alive.
I know Tom is all alone.
I know Tom is all by himself.
I know Tom is all packed and ready to go.
I know Tom is all right now.
I know Tom is all right.
I know Tom is allergic to bees.
I know Tom is allergic to peanuts.
I know Tom is allowed to do almost anything he wants to do.
I know Tom is allowed to do almost anything he wants.
I know Tom is allowed to do that.
I know Tom is allowed to do whatever he wants.
I know Tom is almost always at home in the evening.
I know Tom is almost always at home on Monday.
I know Tom is almost always at home.
I know Tom is almost always busy.
I know Tom is almost always correct, but this time he isn't.
I know Tom is almost always early.
I know Tom is almost always here on Mondays.
I know Tom is almost always late.
I know Tom is almost always right, but this time he isn't.
I know Tom is almost as old as I am.
I know Tom is almost as old as Mary is.
I know Tom is almost as old as Mary.
I know Tom is almost as old as my father.
I know Tom is almost as old as us.
I know Tom is almost as old as we are.
I know Tom is almost as tall as I am.
I know Tom is almost as tall as Mary is.
I know Tom is almost as tall as Mary.
I know Tom is almost as tall as his father.
I know Tom is almost as tall as me.
I know Tom is almost as tall as you are.
I know Tom is almost as tall as you.
I know Tom is almost asleep.
I know Tom is almost deaf.
I know Tom is almost finished doing what he's doing, so he should be ready to leave in a few minutes.
I know Tom is almost finished.
I know Tom is almost never at home on Monday.
I know Tom is almost never busy anymore.
I know Tom is almost never home on Monday, but I think he was at home last Monday.
I know Tom is almost never home on Monday, but I think that he was at home last Monday.
I know Tom is almost never home on weekends.
I know Tom is almost never late.
I know Tom is almost never wrong, but this time I think he is.
I know Tom is almost ready to go.
I know Tom is almost ready.
I know Tom is almost thirty years old.
I know Tom is almost thirty.
I know Tom is alone in his apartment.
I know Tom is alone in his office, writing a report.
I know Tom is alone in his room, reading a book.
I know Tom is alone.
I know Tom is already a teenager.
I know Tom is already able to do that.
I know Tom is ambidextrous.
I know Tom is ambitious.
I know Tom is an architect, just like his father.
I know Tom is an electrical engineer.
I know Tom is angry.
I know Tom is annoyed.
I know Tom is annoying.
I know Tom is anxious to do that.
I know Tom is anxious.
I know Tom is arrogant.
I know Tom is artistic.
I know Tom is asleep.
I know Tom is at home waiting for Mary.
I know Tom is at home.
I know Tom is at least as tall as I am.
I know Tom is autistic.
I know Tom is awake.
I know Tom is away.
I know Tom is back.
I know Tom is bald.
I know Tom is barefoot.
I know Tom is being sarcastic.
I know Tom is better at playing the trombone than Mary is.
I know Tom is better at playing the trombone than Mary.
I know Tom is biased.
I know Tom is bilingual.
I know Tom is blind.
I know Tom is bluffing.
I know Tom is bored.
I know Tom is boring.
I know Tom is bossy.
I know Tom is brave.
I know Tom is broke.
I know Tom is busy today.
I know Tom is busy.
I know Tom is capable of doing that.
I know Tom is careful.
I know Tom is careless.
I know Tom is charming.
I know Tom is chubby.
I know Tom is claustrophobic.
I know Tom is cold.
I know Tom is colorblind.
I know Tom is coming here this afternoon.
I know Tom is committed to doing that.
I know Tom is competitive.
I know Tom is conceited.
I know Tom is concerned about Mary.
I know Tom is concerned.
I know Tom is confident.
I know Tom is confused.
I know Tom is connected.
I know Tom is conscientious.
I know Tom is conservative.
I know Tom is considering doing that.
I know Tom is content.
I know Tom is cool.
I know Tom is correct.
I know Tom is courageous.
I know Tom is courteous.
I know Tom is crazy.
I know Tom is creative.
I know Tom is creepy.
I know Tom is curious.
I know Tom is cute.
I know Tom is dangerous.
I know Tom is dead.
I know Tom is deaf.
I know Tom is dedicated.
I know Tom is delusional.
I know Tom is dependable.
I know Tom is depressed.
I know Tom is desperate to do that.
I know Tom is desperate.
I know Tom is determined to do that.
I know Tom is determined to win.
I know Tom is diabetic.
I know Tom is different.
I know Tom is difficult to get along with.
I know Tom is dirty.
I know Tom is disappointed.
I know Tom is discouraged.
I know Tom is disgusting.
I know Tom is dishonest.
I know Tom is disorganized.
I know Tom is divorced.
I know Tom is doing it.
I know Tom is doing that now.
I know Tom is doing that right now.
I know Tom is doing that the wrong way.
I know Tom is doing that today.
I know Tom is doing that, too.
I know Tom is doing that.
I know Tom is done.
I know Tom is downstairs.
I know Tom is drunk.
I know Tom is eager to do that.
I know Tom is easygoing.
I know Tom is educated.
I know Tom is embarrassed.
I know Tom is engaged.
I know Tom is enthusiastic about that.
I know Tom is excited.
I know Tom is exhausted.
I know Tom is fairly good at doing that.
I know Tom is famished.
I know Tom is famous.
I know Tom is fast.
I know Tom is fat.
I know Tom is fine.
I know Tom is finicky.
I know Tom is finished doing that.
I know Tom is finished.
I know Tom is fishing.
I know Tom is flexible enough to do that.
I know Tom is flexible.
I know Tom is fluent in French, English and German.
I know Tom is forgetful.
I know Tom is frantic.
I know Tom is friendly.
I know Tom is frightened.
I know Tom is from Australia.
I know Tom is from Boston.
I know Tom is frustrated.
I know Tom is funny.
I know Tom is furious.
I know Tom is fussy.
I know Tom is generous.
I know Tom is getting a little tired of doing that.
I know Tom is getting tired of doing that.
I know Tom is glad that that's going to happen.
I know Tom is glad that you're here.
I know Tom is glad that's going to happen.
I know Tom is going to be able to do that.
I know Tom is going to be doing that.
I know Tom is going to be there tonight.
I know Tom is going to do that eventually.
I know Tom is going to do that.
I know Tom is going to do that. I can feel it in my bones.
I know Tom is going to enjoy doing that.
I know Tom is going to find out who did that.
I know Tom is going to go, no matter what Mary says.
I know Tom is going to hate this.
I know Tom is going to have a hard time doing that.
I know Tom is going to help Mary do that.
I know Tom is going to help us do that.
I know Tom is going to learn how to do that eventually.
I know Tom is going to learn how to do that.
I know Tom is going to let you do that with him.
I know Tom is going to let you do that.
I know Tom is going to like doing that.
I know Tom is going to the hospital, but I don't know why.
I know Tom is going to try to arrive on time.
I know Tom is going to want to do that.
I know Tom is going to want to go with us.
I know Tom is good at doing that.
I know Tom is good-looking.
I know Tom is greedy.
I know Tom is groggy.
I know Tom is grouchy.
I know Tom is grumpy.
I know Tom is guilty.
I know Tom is gullible.
I know Tom is handicapped.
I know Tom is handsome.
I know Tom is happy.
I know Tom is hard to get along with.
I know Tom is hardworking.
I know Tom is having a hard time doing that.
I know Tom is headstrong.
I know Tom is healthy.
I know Tom is heartbroken.
I know Tom is heavy.
I know Tom is here because I heard him arrive a few minutes ago.
I know Tom is here somewhere.
I know Tom is here to see Mary, not me.
I know Tom is here.
I know Tom is hesitant to do that.
I know Tom is hiding something from me.
I know Tom is hiding something, but I don't know what.
I know Tom is hiding something.
I know Tom is home.
I know Tom is homeless.
I know Tom is homesick.
I know Tom is honest.
I know Tom is hotheaded.
I know Tom is hungry.
I know Tom is hurt.
I know Tom is hurting right now.
I know Tom is hurting.
I know Tom is illiterate.
I know Tom is impatient to do that.
I know Tom is impatient.
I know Tom is impressed.
I know Tom is in Australia now.
I know Tom is in Australia right now.
I know Tom is in Australia.
I know Tom is in Boston now.
I know Tom is in Boston right now.
I know Tom is in Boston.
I know Tom is in bed.
I know Tom is in great shape.
I know Tom is in his bedroom cleaning out his closet.
I know Tom is in his bedroom counting his money.
I know Tom is in his bedroom doing his homework.
I know Tom is in his bedroom sound asleep.
I know Tom is in his office doing paperwork.
I know Tom is in his office.
I know Tom is in his room changing clothes.
I know Tom is in his room listening to music.
I know Tom is in his room packing his suitcase.
I know Tom is in lots of trouble.
I know Tom is in love with Mary.
I know Tom is in love with me.
I know Tom is in the garage, working on his car.
I know Tom is in the garage, working on his motorcycle.
I know Tom is in the garden.
I know Tom is in the hospital, but I don't know why.
I know Tom is in the kitchen, cooking.
I know Tom is in there.
I know Tom is in trouble.
I know Tom is in.
I know Tom is incompetent.
I know Tom is inconsiderate.
I know Tom is incorrect.
I know Tom is influential.
I know Tom is infuriated.
I know Tom is innocent.
I know Tom is insane.
I know Tom is insecure.
I know Tom is intelligent.
I know Tom is interested in doing that.
I know Tom is interested.
I know Tom is intoxicated.
I know Tom is intrigued.
I know Tom is involved.
I know Tom is irreplaceable.
I know Tom is irresponsible.
I know Tom is irritated.
I know Tom is jealous.
I know Tom is jittery.
I know Tom is just a child.
I know Tom is just a kid, but he's pretty smart.
I know Tom is just a teenager.
I know Tom is kind.
I know Tom is lazy.
I know Tom is likely to be able to do that.
I know Tom is likely to be late.
I know Tom is likely to cry.
I know Tom is likely to do that later.
I know Tom is likely to do that tomorrow.
I know Tom is likely to do that when he's in Australia.
I know Tom is likely to do that when he's in Boston.
I know Tom is likely to do that while he's in Australia.
I know Tom is likely to do that while he's in Boston.
I know Tom is likely to do that.
I know Tom is likely to know how to do that.
I know Tom is likely to regret doing that.
I know Tom is likely to win.
I know Tom is lonely.
I know Tom is looking at me.
I know Tom is looking for something, but I don't know what.
I know Tom is lost.
I know Tom is lucky.
I know Tom is lying.
I know Tom is mad.
I know Tom is making spaghetti for dinner.
I know Tom is making spaghetti.
I know Tom is married.
I know Tom is mean.
I know Tom is methodical.
I know Tom is miserable.
I know Tom is missing.
I know Tom is mistaken.
I know Tom is moody.
I know Tom is more handsome than I am.
I know Tom is more handsome than me.
I know Tom is more likely to do that if you help him.
I know Tom is more likely to do that today than he was yesterday.
I know Tom is motivated to do that.
I know Tom is motivated.
I know Tom is naive.
I know Tom is nearby.
I know Tom is nervous.
I know Tom is next.
I know Tom is nice.
I know Tom is not interested in me.
I know Tom is not old enough to be doing that.
I know Tom is now a chemistry professor.
I know Tom is now a sound engineer.
I know Tom is now married, has three kids, and lives in Boston.
I know Tom is now working as a physician's assistant.
I know Tom is nuts.
I know Tom is obedient.
I know Tom is obligated to do that.
I know Tom is obnoxious.
I know Tom is observant.
I know Tom is obstinate.
I know Tom is odd.
I know Tom is old enough to do that.
I know Tom is old.
I know Tom is one of Mary's friends.
I know Tom is one of our good customers, but I don't like the way he treats women who work for us.
I know Tom is optimistic.
I know Tom is out on the porch.
I know Tom is out.
I know Tom is outgoing.
I know Tom is outraged.
I know Tom is outside.
I know Tom is over thirty.
I know Tom is overconfident.
I know Tom is overweight.
I know Tom is paralyzed.
I know Tom is patient.
I know Tom is peeling potatoes.
I know Tom is permitted to do that.
I know Tom is perplexed.
I know Tom is persistent.
I know Tom is persuasive.
I know Tom is pessimistic.
I know Tom is photogenic.
I know Tom is picky.
I know Tom is planning on being there.
I know Tom is planning on doing that tomorrow.
I know Tom is planning on doing that.
I know Tom is planning to be there.
I know Tom is planning to do that tomorrow.
I know Tom is planning to do that.
I know Tom is plastered.
I know Tom is pleased.
I know Tom is poor.
I know Tom is popular.
I know Tom is prejudiced.
I know Tom is prepared to do that.
I know Tom is prepared.
I know Tom is pretty good at doing that.
I know Tom is probably better at doing that than you think he is.
I know Tom is psyched.
I know Tom is pushy.
I know Tom is puzzled.
I know Tom is qualified to do that.
I know Tom is quicker at doing that than Mary.
I know Tom is quite a good songwriter.
I know Tom is ready to do that.
I know Tom is ready.
I know Tom is reckless.
I know Tom is reliable.
I know Tom is relieved.
I know Tom is reluctant to do that.
I know Tom is replaceable.
I know Tom is reputable.
I know Tom is resourceful.
I know Tom is responsible.
I know Tom is retired.
I know Tom is rich.
I know Tom is ridiculous.
I know Tom is right and that we're wrong.
I know Tom is right and we're wrong.
I know Tom is right.
I know Tom is sad.
I know Tom is safe.
I know Tom is satisfied.
I know Tom is scared.
I know Tom is scary.
I know Tom is self-conscious.
I know Tom is selfish.
I know Tom is sensible.
I know Tom is serious.
I know Tom is short.
I know Tom is shorter than me.
I know Tom is shy.
I know Tom is sick.
I know Tom is sincere.
I know Tom is single.
I know Tom is skeptical.
I know Tom is skinny.
I know Tom is sleeping.
I know Tom is sleepy.
I know Tom is slightly overweight.
I know Tom is slow.
I know Tom is smart.
I know Tom is smarter than I am.
I know Tom is smarter than me.
I know Tom is someone that we can trust.
I know Tom is someone we can rely on.
I know Tom is someone we can trust.
I know Tom is starved.
I know Tom is still a beginner, but he's pretty good.
I know Tom is still afraid to do that.
I know Tom is still alive.
I know Tom is still busy.
I know Tom is still desperate to do that.
I know Tom is still determined to do that.
I know Tom is still doing that.
I know Tom is still hesitant to do that.
I know Tom is still homesick.
I know Tom is still in Boston.
I know Tom is still in his office.
I know Tom is still in his room, studying.
I know Tom is still in love with Mary.
I know Tom is still in love with you.
I know Tom is still in the hospital.
I know Tom is still in the kitchen, washing dishes.
I know Tom is still interested in doing that.
I know Tom is still motivated to do that.
I know Tom is still planning on doing that.
I know Tom is still planning to do that.
I know Tom is still quicker at doing that than Mary.
I know Tom is still reluctant to do that.
I know Tom is still sitting in his car, waiting for Mary.
I know Tom is still studying French.
I know Tom is still there waiting for you.
I know Tom is still willing to do that.
I know Tom is stingy.
I know Tom is stoned.
I know Tom is stranded.
I know Tom is strange.
I know Tom is strict.
I know Tom is strong enough to do that.
I know Tom is strong.
I know Tom is stubborn.
I know Tom is studying to be a pharmacist.
I know Tom is stupid.
I know Tom is successful.
I know Tom is suspicious.
I know Tom is sympathetic.
I know Tom is talented.
I know Tom is talkative.
I know Tom is tall.
I know Tom is taller than Mary is.
I know Tom is taller than Mary.
I know Tom is teasing.
I know Tom is telling the truth.
I know Tom is tempted to do that.
I know Tom is terrified.
I know Tom is the kind of guy who would do that kind of thing.
I know Tom is the kind of guy who'd do that.
I know Tom is the kind of person who'd do that kind of thing.
I know Tom is the kind of person who'd do that.
I know Tom is the one who did that.
I know Tom is the one who kissed Mary, not John.
I know Tom is the one who should do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary not to do that anymore.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she doesn't have to do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she doesn't need to do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she has to do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she won't be allowed to do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she has to do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she needs to do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she ought to do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she should do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she won't be allowed to do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary to do that.
I know Tom is the only one here who doesn't know how to do that.
I know Tom is the only one who can do that.
I know Tom is the only one who can't do that.
I know Tom is the only one who doesn't have to do that.
I know Tom is the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
I know Tom is the only one who doesn't need to do that.
I know Tom is the only one who doesn't want to do that.
I know Tom is the only one who has to do that.
I know Tom is the only one who knows how to do that.
I know Tom is the only one who needs to do that.
I know Tom is the only one who wants to do that.
I know Tom is the supervisor.
I know Tom is the type of person who would do that.
I know Tom is thickheaded.
I know Tom is thin.
I know Tom is thinking about that.
I know Tom is thirsty.
I know Tom is thirteen years old.
I know Tom is thirty years old.
I know Tom is three years older than Mary.
I know Tom is thrilled.
I know Tom is through doing that.
I know Tom is through.
I know Tom is ticklish.
I know Tom is tired of doing that.
I know Tom is tired.
I know Tom is too lazy to do that.
I know Tom is too old to be doing that.
I know Tom is too weak to do that.
I know Tom is too young to be doing that.
I know Tom is tough.
I know Tom is troubled.
I know Tom is trustworthy.
I know Tom is ugly.
I know Tom is unafraid.
I know Tom is unbeatable.
I know Tom is uncomfortable.
I know Tom is unconcerned.
I know Tom is undependable.
I know Tom is uneasy.
I know Tom is unemployed.
I know Tom is unfriendly.
I know Tom is unlikely to do that.
I know Tom is unlucky.
I know Tom is unmarried.
I know Tom is up to something.
I know Tom is up.
I know Tom is upset.
I know Tom is upstairs in his room.
I know Tom is used to be a basketball coach.
I know Tom is used to getting up early.
I know Tom is used to sitting on the floor.
I know Tom is used to speaking in public.
I know Tom is used to staying up late.
I know Tom is usually allowed to do whatever he wants to do.
I know Tom is usually allowed to do whatever he wants.
I know Tom is usually polite.
I know Tom is usually punctual.
I know Tom is usually reasonable.
I know Tom is usually very secretive.
I know Tom is very amusing.
I know Tom is very angry.
I know Tom is very busy.
I know Tom is very good at doing that.
I know Tom is very good at what he does.
I know Tom is very interested in swimming.
I know Tom is very lucky.
I know Tom is very opinionated.
I know Tom is very talkative.
I know Tom is waiting for us.
I know Tom is watching me.
I know Tom is watching us.
I know Tom is weak.
I know Tom is wealthy.
I know Tom is weird.
I know Tom is with you.
I know Tom is witty.
I know Tom is working for Mary.
I know Tom is working for us.
I know Tom is working late tonight.
I know Tom is working with Mary.
I know Tom is worried.
I know Tom is writing a book.
I know Tom is wrong.
I know Tom is young.
I know Tom is your boyfriend.
I know Tom is your friend.
I know Tom isn't Mary's husband.
I know Tom isn't a Canadian.
I know Tom isn't a French teacher anymore.
I know Tom isn't a Harvard graduate. In fact, I don't think he's ever even been to college.
I know Tom isn't a Harvard graduate. In fact, I don't think that he's ever even been to college.
I know Tom isn't a Vietnam veteran.
I know Tom isn't a baby anymore.
I know Tom isn't a bachelor anymore.
I know Tom isn't a bachelor.
I know Tom isn't a bad cook.
I know Tom isn't a bad driver.
I know Tom isn't a bad manager.
I know Tom isn't a bad person.
I know Tom isn't a bad singer.
I know Tom isn't a barber.
I know Tom isn't a bartender.
I know Tom isn't a baseball fan.
I know Tom isn't a beginner.
I know Tom isn't a better at playing the trombone than Mary.
I know Tom isn't a better chess player than me.
I know Tom isn't a better dancer than I am.
I know Tom isn't a better driver than Mary.
I know Tom isn't a big baseball fan.
I know Tom isn't a bit worried about what might happen.
I know Tom isn't a brave person.
I know Tom isn't a bully.
I know Tom isn't a busy man.
I know Tom isn't a busy person.
I know Tom isn't a careless driver.
I know Tom isn't a cat lover.
I know Tom isn't a close friend of Mary's.
I know Tom isn't a coffee drinker.
I know Tom isn't a college graduate.
I know Tom isn't a college student.
I know Tom isn't a construction worker.
I know Tom isn't a coward.
I know Tom isn't a dental student.
I know Tom isn't a disc jockey.
I know Tom isn't a driving instructor anymore.
I know Tom isn't a fan.
I know Tom isn't a fast eater.
I know Tom isn't a fool.
I know Tom isn't a friend of yours, but you are friends, aren't you?
I know Tom isn't a genius.
I know Tom isn't a good French speaker.
I know Tom isn't a good baseball player.
I know Tom isn't a good boss.
I know Tom isn't a good coach.
I know Tom isn't a good guitarist.
I know Tom isn't a good husband and isn't a good father.
I know Tom isn't a good music teacher.
I know Tom isn't a good musician.
I know Tom isn't a good painter.
I know Tom isn't a good soccer player.
I know Tom isn't a good songwriter.
I know Tom isn't a good student.
I know Tom isn't a gym teacher anymore.
I know Tom isn't a hard worker.
I know Tom isn't a high school student yet.
I know Tom isn't a history teacher. I think he teaches science.
I know Tom isn't a history teacher. I think he's a science teacher.
I know Tom isn't a history teacher. I think that he teaches science.
I know Tom isn't a history teacher. I think that he's a science teacher.
I know Tom isn't a hockey fan.
I know Tom isn't a law student, but I'm not sure what he's studying.
I know Tom isn't a little too young to be doing that.
I know Tom isn't a long-time Boston resident.
I know Tom isn't a mechanic.
I know Tom isn't a member of our club.
I know Tom isn't a member.
I know Tom isn't a messy person.
I know Tom isn't a morning person.
I know Tom isn't a music teacher.
I know Tom isn't a native French speaker.
I know Tom isn't a native of Boston.
I know Tom isn't a nice guy.
I know Tom isn't a nice person.
I know Tom isn't a normal guy.
I know Tom isn't a perfectionist.
I know Tom isn't a person we should trust.
I know Tom isn't a person who does things very quickly.
I know Tom isn't a popular guy.
I know Tom isn't a popular teacher.
I know Tom isn't a private detective anymore.
I know Tom isn't a professional boxer anymore.
I know Tom isn't a professor at Harvard anymore.
I know Tom isn't a professor yet.
I know Tom isn't a rabbi.
I know Tom isn't a racist.
I know Tom isn't a real estate agent anymore.
I know Tom isn't a really bad driver.
I know Tom isn't a rebel.
I know Tom isn't a reckless driver.
I know Tom isn't a reckless person.
I know Tom isn't a senior at Harvard. He's just a junior.
I know Tom isn't a senior.
I know Tom isn't a songwriter, either.
I know Tom isn't a straight-A student.
I know Tom isn't a student here either.
I know Tom isn't a student here. He's a teacher.
I know Tom isn't a surfer.
I know Tom isn't a talkative person.
I know Tom isn't a taxi driver anymore.
I know Tom isn't a teacher either.
I know Tom isn't a teacher here anymore.
I know Tom isn't a teacher now.
I know Tom isn't a teenager anymore.
I know Tom isn't a teenager yet.
I know Tom isn't a terrible roommate.
I know Tom isn't a truck driver anymore.
I know Tom isn't a trumpet player.
I know Tom isn't a university student.
I know Tom isn't a vegetarian. I've seen him eating meat many times.
I know Tom isn't a very ambitious person.
I know Tom isn't a very athletic guy.
I know Tom isn't a very bright boy.
I know Tom isn't a very bright guy.
I know Tom isn't a very bright kid.
I know Tom isn't a very careful driver.
I know Tom isn't a very classy guy.
I know Tom isn't a very clever boy.
I know Tom isn't a very creative guy.
I know Tom isn't a very creative person.
I know Tom isn't a very fast swimmer, but he can swim long distances.
I know Tom isn't a very fast swimmer.
I know Tom isn't a very fussy eater.
I know Tom isn't a very good French speaker.
I know Tom isn't a very good French teacher.
I know Tom isn't a very good acrobat.
I know Tom isn't a very good actor.
I know Tom isn't a very good artist.
I know Tom isn't a very good banjo player.
I know Tom isn't a very good basketball coach, but everybody on the team likes him.
I know Tom isn't a very good basketball coach, but everyone on the team likes him.
I know Tom isn't a very good basketball coach.
I know Tom isn't a very good basketball player.
I know Tom isn't a very good bass player, but he has a lot of fun playing the bass.
I know Tom isn't a very good bass player.
I know Tom isn't a very good batter.
I know Tom isn't a very good boss, but he's still a nice guy.
I know Tom isn't a very good boss.
I know Tom isn't a very good bowler.
I know Tom isn't a very good businessman.
I know Tom isn't a very good car mechanic.
I know Tom isn't a very good carpenter.
I know Tom isn't a very good chef, but he's the owner's son, so we had to hire him.
I know Tom isn't a very good chess player, but I think he's better than Mary.
I know Tom isn't a very good chess player.
I know Tom isn't a very good clarinetist.
I know Tom isn't a very good coach.
I know Tom isn't a very good cook.
I know Tom isn't a very good dancer.
I know Tom isn't a very good driver.
I know Tom isn't a very good drummer.
I know Tom isn't a very good figure skater.
I know Tom isn't a very good gardener.
I know Tom isn't a very good goalie.
I know Tom isn't a very good golfer.
I know Tom isn't a very good guitar player.
I know Tom isn't a very good guitarist.
I know Tom isn't a very good heavy metal guitarist.
I know Tom isn't a very good hitter.
I know Tom isn't a very good hockey player.
I know Tom isn't a very good jazz saxophone player.
I know Tom isn't a very good jazz saxophonist.
I know Tom isn't a very good juggler.
I know Tom isn't a very good lawyer.
I know Tom isn't a very good listener.
I know Tom isn't a very good manager.
I know Tom isn't a very good musician.
I know Tom isn't a very good painter.
I know Tom isn't a very good photographer.
I know Tom isn't a very good pianist.
I know Tom isn't a very good pilot.
I know Tom isn't a very good pitcher.
I know Tom isn't a very good poker player.
I know Tom isn't a very good salesman.
I know Tom isn't a very good sculptor, but he still manages to sell some of his sculptures.
I know Tom isn't a very good singer.
I know Tom isn't a very good skater.
I know Tom isn't a very good skier.
I know Tom isn't a very good snowboarder.
I know Tom isn't a very good soccer player.
I know Tom isn't a very good songwriter.
I know Tom isn't a very good stand-up comedian.
I know Tom isn't a very good storyteller.
I know Tom isn't a very good student.
I know Tom isn't a very good swimmer.
I know Tom isn't a very good tailor.
I know Tom isn't a very good teacher.
I know Tom isn't a very good tennis player.
I know Tom isn't a very good violinist.
I know Tom isn't a very good volleyball player.
I know Tom isn't a very good wrestler.
I know Tom isn't a very good writer.
I know Tom isn't a very good-looking guy.
I know Tom isn't a very hard worker.
I know Tom isn't a very healthy person.
I know Tom isn't a very intelligent guy.
I know Tom isn't a very intelligent man.
I know Tom isn't a very intelligent person.
I know Tom isn't a very interesting guy.
I know Tom isn't a very kind person.
I know Tom isn't a very likable guy.
I know Tom isn't a very likable person.
I know Tom isn't a very lucky guy.
I know Tom isn't a very nice boy.
I know Tom isn't a very nice guy.
I know Tom isn't a very nice kid.
I know Tom isn't a very nice man.
I know Tom isn't a very nice person.
I know Tom isn't a very outgoing person.
I know Tom isn't a very patient guy.
I know Tom isn't a very patient man.
I know Tom isn't a very picky eater.
I know Tom isn't a very reasonable guy.
I know Tom isn't a very reasonable man.
I know Tom isn't a very religious man.
I know Tom isn't a very religious person.
I know Tom isn't a very smart guy.
I know Tom isn't a very smart kid.
I know Tom isn't a very smart person.
I know Tom isn't a very sound sleeper.
I know Tom isn't a very strong guy.
I know Tom isn't a very strong man.
I know Tom isn't a very strong swimmer.
I know Tom isn't a very successful businessman.
I know Tom isn't a very talented songwriter.
I know Tom isn't a violin teacher. He can't even play the violin.
I know Tom isn't a wise man.
I know Tom isn't able to do that anymore.
I know Tom isn't able to do that very well.
I know Tom isn't able to do that.
I know Tom isn't able to play the bassoon very well.
I know Tom isn't able to play the clarinet.
I know Tom isn't able to play the guitar.
I know Tom isn't able to swim very well.
I know Tom isn't able to understand French.
I know Tom isn't accustomed to doing that.
I know Tom isn't afraid of Mary's dog.
I know Tom isn't afraid of Mary.
I know Tom isn't afraid of anybody.
I know Tom isn't afraid of anyone.
I know Tom isn't afraid of anything.
I know Tom isn't afraid of ghosts.
I know Tom isn't afraid of losing Mary.
I know Tom isn't afraid of me.
I know Tom isn't afraid of snakes.
I know Tom isn't afraid of you.
I know Tom isn't afraid to do that.
I know Tom isn't afraid to try new things.
I know Tom isn't afraid to try to do that.
I know Tom isn't afraid to walk through the woods alone.
I know Tom isn't afraid to walk through the woods at night.
I know Tom isn't against it.
I know Tom isn't allergic to nuts.
I know Tom isn't allergic to strawberries.
I know Tom isn't allowed to do that.
I know Tom isn't alone in his room.
I know Tom isn't alone.
I know Tom isn't an idiot.
I know Tom isn't any more likely to do that today than he was yesterday.
I know Tom isn't as good a swimmer as Mary is.
I know Tom isn't as good a tennis player as I am.
I know Tom isn't as old as the rest of the students in his class.
I know Tom isn't as patient as I am.
I know Tom isn't as tall as Mary is.
I know Tom isn't as tall as Mary.
I know Tom isn't as young as he says he is.
I know Tom isn't busy.
I know Tom isn't capable of doing that.
I know Tom isn't committed to doing that.
I know Tom isn't dead.
I know Tom isn't doing that anymore.
I know Tom isn't doing that now.
I know Tom isn't doing that the right way.
I know Tom isn't eager to do that.
I know Tom isn't finished doing that.
I know Tom isn't flexible enough to do that.
I know Tom isn't getting tired of doing that.
I know Tom isn't going to be able to do that by himself.
I know Tom isn't going to be able to do that very well.
I know Tom isn't going to be able to do that.
I know Tom isn't going to be doing that.
I know Tom isn't going to do that anymore.
I know Tom isn't going to do that anytime soon.
I know Tom isn't going to do that by himself.
I know Tom isn't going to do that either.
I know Tom isn't going to do that today.
I know Tom isn't going to do that unless you help him.
I know Tom isn't going to do that with Mary.
I know Tom isn't going to do that.
I know Tom isn't going to enjoy doing that.
I know Tom isn't going to go, no matter what Mary says.
I know Tom isn't going to help Mary do that.
I know Tom isn't going to help us do that.
I know Tom isn't going to let you do that with him.
I know Tom isn't going to let you do that.
I know Tom isn't going to like doing that.
I know Tom isn't going to pay me for doing that.
I know Tom isn't going to pay me for doing this.
I know Tom isn't going to stop doing that anytime soon.
I know Tom isn't going to want to do that.
I know Tom isn't going to win.
I know Tom isn't guilty.
I know Tom isn't handsome, but I wouldn't say he's ugly.
I know Tom isn't handsome, but I wouldn't say that he's ugly.
I know Tom isn't happy here.
I know Tom isn't happy there.
I know Tom isn't happy, either.
I know Tom isn't happy.
I know Tom isn't having any fun.
I know Tom isn't here.
I know Tom isn't hungry.
I know Tom isn't in Australia.
I know Tom isn't in Boston.
I know Tom isn't in bed yet.
I know Tom isn't in the kitchen.
I know Tom isn't in very good shape.
I know Tom isn't interested in me.
I know Tom isn't likely to be able to do that.
I know Tom isn't likely to do that by himself.
I know Tom isn't likely to do that this week.
I know Tom isn't likely to do that today.
I know Tom isn't likely to do that tomorrow.
I know Tom isn't likely to do that very well.
I know Tom isn't likely to do that when he's in Australia.
I know Tom isn't likely to do that when he's in Boston.
I know Tom isn't likely to do that while he's in Australia.
I know Tom isn't likely to do that while he's in Boston.
I know Tom isn't likely to do that.
I know Tom isn't likely to know how to do that.
I know Tom isn't likely to win.
I know Tom isn't much of a gardener.
I know Tom isn't much of a guitarist.
I know Tom isn't much of a singer.
I know Tom isn't much of a skater.
I know Tom isn't much of a skier.
I know Tom isn't much older than Mary is.
I know Tom isn't much older than Mary.
I know Tom isn't much shorter than you are.
I know Tom isn't much shorter than you.
I know Tom isn't much taller than I am.
I know Tom isn't much taller than Mary is.
I know Tom isn't much taller than Mary.
I know Tom isn't much taller than his father.
I know Tom isn't much taller than me.
I know Tom isn't much younger than I am.
I know Tom isn't much younger than me.
I know Tom isn't old enough to do that.
I know Tom isn't older than Mary.
I know Tom isn't on the team anymore.
I know Tom isn't peeling potatoes.
I know Tom isn't planning on doing that tomorrow.
I know Tom isn't planning on doing that.
I know Tom isn't planning on going to Australia with you.
I know Tom isn't planning on going to Boston with you.
I know Tom isn't planning to be here tomorrow.
I know Tom isn't planning to do that tomorrow.
I know Tom isn't planning to do that.
I know Tom isn't planning to go to Australia with you.
I know Tom isn't planning to go to Boston with you.
I know Tom isn't prepared to do that.
I know Tom isn't quite as tall as his father.
I know Tom isn't ready to do that yet.
I know Tom isn't ready to do that.
I know Tom isn't ready yet.
I know Tom isn't related to me.
I know Tom isn't rich.
I know Tom isn't shorter than Mary.
I know Tom isn't still afraid to do that.
I know Tom isn't still planning to do that.
I know Tom isn't strong enough to do that.
I know Tom isn't stupid.
I know Tom isn't taller than Mary.
I know Tom isn't taller than me.
I know Tom isn't telling the truth.
I know Tom isn't that stupid.
I know Tom isn't the kind of guy who'd do that.
I know Tom isn't the kind of person who'd do that kind of thing.
I know Tom isn't the kind of person who'd do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who did that.
I know Tom isn't the one who did this.
I know Tom isn't the one who should do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she doesn't have to do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she doesn't need to do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she has to do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she won't be allowed to do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she has to do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she needs to do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she ought to do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she should do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she won't be allowed to do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary to do that.
I know Tom isn't the only one here who doesn't know how to do that.
I know Tom isn't the only one who can do that.
I know Tom isn't the only one who can't do that.
I know Tom isn't the only one who doesn't have to do that.
I know Tom isn't the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
I know Tom isn't the only one who doesn't need to do that.
I know Tom isn't the only one who doesn't want to do that.
I know Tom isn't the only one who has to do that.
I know Tom isn't the only one who knows how to do that.
I know Tom isn't the only one who needs to do that.
I know Tom isn't the only one who wants to do that.
I know Tom isn't the pitcher. I think he's the catcher.
I know Tom isn't the pitcher. I think that he's the catcher.
I know Tom isn't through doing that yet.
I know Tom isn't tired of doing that yet.
I know Tom isn't too old to do that.
I know Tom isn't too young to be doing that.
I know Tom isn't upstairs, crying in his room.
I know Tom isn't used to getting up early.
I know Tom isn't used to sitting on the floor.
I know Tom isn't used to speaking in public.
I know Tom isn't used to staying up late.
I know Tom isn't very busy.
I know Tom isn't very creative.
I know Tom isn't very good at doing that.
I know Tom isn't very happy here.
I know Tom isn't yet thirty.
I know Tom isn't your boyfriend.
I know Tom killed himself.
I know Tom kissed Mary.
I know Tom knew I couldn't do that.
I know Tom knew I did that.
I know Tom knew I didn't do that.
I know Tom knew I didn't have to do that.
I know Tom knew I didn't need to do that.
I know Tom knew I didn't often do that.
I know Tom knew I didn't want to do that.
I know Tom knew I had done that.
I know Tom knew I had to do that.
I know Tom knew I knew how to do that.
I know Tom knew I needed to do that.
I know Tom knew I should do that.
I know Tom knew I should've done that by myself.
I know Tom knew I shouldn't be doing that.
I know Tom knew I shouldn't do that by myself.
I know Tom knew I shouldn't do that.
I know Tom knew I shouldn't have done that.
I know Tom knew I wanted to do that.
I know Tom knew I was planning to do that.
I know Tom knew I was the one who had done that.
I know Tom knew I was the one who had to do that.
I know Tom knew I wouldn't be able to do that.
I know Tom knew I'd never done that before.
I know Tom knew I'd never done that.
I know Tom knew Mary couldn't do that.
I know Tom knew Mary did that.
I know Tom knew Mary didn't do that.
I know Tom knew Mary didn't have to do that.
I know Tom knew Mary didn't need to do that.
I know Tom knew Mary didn't often do that.
I know Tom knew Mary didn't want to do that.
I know Tom knew Mary had done that.
I know Tom knew Mary had never done that before.
I know Tom knew Mary had never done that.
I know Tom knew Mary had to do that.
I know Tom knew Mary knew how to do that.
I know Tom knew Mary needed to do that.
I know Tom knew Mary should do that.
I know Tom knew Mary should've done that by herself.
I know Tom knew Mary shouldn't be doing that.
I know Tom knew Mary shouldn't do that by herself.
I know Tom knew Mary shouldn't do that.
I know Tom knew Mary shouldn't have done that.
I know Tom knew Mary wanted to do that.
