God protect you.
God protects fools and drunks.
God protects me from winds and storms.
God protects the foolish and the drunkard.
God protects you all.
God provides the wind, but man must raise the sails.
God provides the wind, man must raise the sail.
God punished him for his bad conduct.
God really spoke to me.
God redeemed them from sin.
God respects me when I work; but God loves me when I sing.
God rewards diligent people.
God said also to Abraham: Sarai thy wife thou shalt not call Sarai, but Sara.
God said that in the Quran.
God said those words to me.
God said to Moses: I AM WHO AM. He said: Thus shalt thou say to the children of Israel: HE WHO IS, hath sent me to you.
God said to him: I am the most mighty God of thy father; fear not, go down into Egypt, for I will make a great nation of thee there.
God sanctioned him for his wrongdoings.
God save Algeria.
God save Ukraine!
God save the Queen!
God save the Queen.
God save this state and this honorable court.
God save us from the worst!
God save us!
God save you!
God saw the light, and saw that it was good. God divided the light from the darkness.
God sees us even when there's nobody there with us.
God sent a sign.
God shapes us with fate. Life is not a straight line.
God shave the Queen!
God shave the queen!
God shot herself.
God shot himself.
God showed me the right path.
God showed me the way.
God shows mercy.
God smite the king!
God smite the queen.
God spoke to me.
God started sending me signs.
God started speaking to me.
God surveyed the people, and there was no fragrance of virtue arising from them, but the rank odour of punishments.
God takes care for the drunks and fools.
God talks to me.
God tempers the wind to the shorn lamb.
God tested Sami's faith.
God then wanted to test Abraham's obedience, and called out his name.
God thinks that it's better humankind know Tagalog than English. Maybe, there are reasons.
God told Israel not to even mention the name of pagan gods, but the church has a celebration that is named after a pagan god.
God told me to do that.
God tries those he loves.
God understands Esperanto too.
God up there is probably jealous of me right now.
God used beautiful mathematics in creating the world.
God values me when I work, but loves me when I sing.
God waits to win back his own flowers as gifts from man's hands.
God wanted Sami and Layla to be together.
God wanted me to forgive Sami.
God wants better of us.
God wants it so.
God wants it.
God wants us to do better.
God wants you.
God was I scared!
God was on our side again.
God was testing Sami.
God was truly glorified today!
God watches over us.
God will always forgive you.
God will bless you for doing that.
God will decide.
God will do the rest.
God will forgive me, it's his work after all.
God will forgive you.
God will forgive your sins.
God will guide you.
God will heal Gunter.
God will make a way out.
God will punish the devil.
God will save us.
God will show you the way.
God will surely punish you for that.
God willing I'll get there.
God willing one day I'll get there.
God willing!
God willing, I will do it tomorrow.
God willing, I'll get better.
God willing, everything will be all right.
God willing.
God willing...
God wills it thus.
God wills it.
God wills it...
God wills, man dreams, the work is born.
God within me speaks to God within you.
God won't forgive it. There's no way to escape his judgment.
God won't give you anything.
God won't tell me everything.
God won't tell me much.
God works in mysterious ways.
God!
God! What a beard you have! You look terrible! You're going to scare away the children.
God's forgiveness comes from Him alone.
God's forgiveness has to come from God alone.
God's inhumanity to man makes countless thousands mourn.
God's law curses the bribe-takers.
God's law forbids eating blood, because the life of all flesh is the blood.
God's not dead, He's surely alive. He's living on the inside, roaring like a lion.
God's people are children of the light and children of the day, not children of night and darkness.
God's tired of loving us.
God's wealth is circulating in my life.
God's will first.
God's will is unquestionable.
God's will.
God's word is hope.
God, I am a sinner.
God, I hate commas!
God, I hate my job.
God, I love spending Ramadan in Kabylie.
God, I love the month of Ramadan.
God, I miss Ceefax.
God, I'm so bored. I don't know what to do with my life anymore.
God, don't mock my faith!
God, forgive me of my sins.
God, give Chloe Cole a courageous voice.
God, give me a sign.
God, give me patience!
God, give us patience!
God, give us peace!
God, have mercy on me.
God, he's hot.
God, hear me!
God, hear my plea.
God, hear my prayer.
God, it's hot. I think we should get the day off because of the heat.
God, leave us alone!
God, let the village be safe!
God, listen to me!
God, make me patient!
God, oh God, why have you forsaken me?
God, or Nature, is the essence of all beings.
God, please give me chastity and continence, but not yet.
God, please have him be into me as much as I am into him and please have him call me soon because waiting is killing me.
God, please send us the sun!
God, protect the nation from philantropists.
God, she's hot.
God, so atrocious in the Old Testament, so attractive in the New - the Jekyl and Hyde of sacred romance.
God, take care of me.
God, that's awful.
God, this place is huge!
God, this place looks great.
God, watch over me!
God, what did I do to deserve this?
God, what did I just read?
God, what have I done to deserve this?
God, what's wrong with me today?
God, you piss me off so much!
God, you piss me off. You completely ruined the moment.
God, you're beautiful.
God?! I won't let my life be ruled by a working hypothesis!
God?! I won’t let my life be ruled by a working hypothesis!
Goddamn it!
Godfathers and godmothers don't need to be a couple.
Gods came down to earth to guide humanity to its end.
Gods came from the sky.
Gods created women to tame men.
Gods didn't like that.
Gods do not exist.
Gods don't kill people, people with gods kill people.
Gods exist.
Gods may do what cattle may not.
Godspeed!
Godspeed.
Godwin's law teaches us that any infinite discussion about an arbitrary subject converges to a Nazi comparison.
Godwin’s law teaches us that any infinite discussion about an arbitrary subject converges to a Nazi comparison.
Godzilla attacked Boston.
Godzilla has to have his own branch of herpetology.
Godzilla was on his way.
Godzilla will never ever destroy the Imperial Palace nor the signboards of the sponsoring companies.
God’s blessing on all nations, who long and work for that bright day, when o’er earth’s habitations no war, no strife shall hold its sway; who long to see that all men free no more shall foes, but neighbours be, who long to see that all men free no more shall foes, but neighbours, no more shall foes, but neighbours be.
God’s inhumanity to man makes countless thousands mourn.
God’s original purpose for the earth will thus succeed.
God’s will first.
Goel said he's concerned about meat being grown in a lab. But he said he liked the idea of mushrooms being used as a sort of meatless meat.
Goethe claimed, "one who cannot speak foreign languages does not know one's own language either".
Goethe claimed, "one who cannot speak foreign languages does not know one’s own language either".
Goethe considered himself a happy man and reported being happy for three weeks in his life.
Goethe died in Weimar on 22 March 1832.
Goethe investigated all nuances of love.
Goethe used this idiom. Why, then, should it be incorrect today?
Goethe was a great poet.
Goethe wrote "Faust", Voltaire "Candide", and Machado de Assis wrote "Dom Casmurro".
Goethe's last words were not "more light!" but what he had in mind was to say "Mer licht hier net guud." In Hessian this means "it isn't very suitable in here."
Goethe's personal vocabulary consisted of about eighty thousand words.
Goethe's poem "Mignon" is widely read in Japan in Mori Ogai's excellent translation.
Goethe, the German poet, about Hafez, the Iranian poet: May the whole world fade away, Hafez, with you, with you alone I want to compete! Let us share pleasure and pain like twins to love like you, to drink like you, this shall be my pride, my life.”
Goggles protect your eyes from dust.
Going all out like this is going to propel me right into an all-or-nothing struggle.
Going already?
Going back down into the village, I saw water running in streams that had been dry for longer than anyone could remember.
Going back to Australia stirred up some painful memories for Tom.
Going back to South Africa had stirred up some painful memories for him.
Going back to his old school stirred up a lot of emotions in Tom.
Going by foot is good exercise.
Going by your lack of response, you don't agree with my answer.
Going camping and having hotdogs roasted over a fire, looking at the stars, then sleeping in a sleeping bag in a tent; is a fond childhood memory.
Going camping with friends is fun.
Going carless obviates the need for a dedicated parking space at home.
Going completely offline is unrealistic for most people.
Going door to door, they greet their neighbors by saying "Trick or treat!" in exchange for candy.
Going down is harder than going up, you have to keep your feet in control.
Going down on somebody is an art.
Going down there alone was nervewrecking.
Going down?
Going for a walk is more fun.
Going for a walk with you would make me happy.
Going forward from thence, he digged another well, for which they contended not; therefore he called the name thereof, Latitude, saying: Now hath the Lord given us room, and made us to increase upon the earth.
Going from Starbucks to instant coffee is a massive downgrade, if you ask me.
Going from not having to having – that’s success.
Going home last night, I saw her again.
Going home, I came across a dead marten lying in the middle of the sidewalk.
Going off-line for a bath.
Going on a road trip with his best friend was one of the most fun experiences of William's life.
Going on drives has never been really stressful for me, but then again I've never really been behind the wheel.
Going on hikes with friends is fun.
Going on walks makes one hungry and thirsty.
Going out at night is prohibited.
Going out drinking with the guys makes him feel macho.
Going out in this rain is out of the question.
Going out on the street is a nightmare.
Going out together is not the same thing as getting married.
Going out with friends at night is sadly incompatible with my sleep cycle.
Going out with girls is exhausting.
Going out with him is like attracting trouble from all sides.
Going out with those clothes? They look kinda bad.
Going outside absolutely helps!
Going shopping is a bother.
Going somewhere tonight? Look at you - all dressed up like that.
Going somewhere?
Going through immigration, luggage, customs...
Going to Australia is one of the things Tom wants to do next year.
Going to Australia is one of the things that Tom wants to do next year.
Going to Australia was Tom's lifelong dream.
Going to Australia will be expensive.
Going to Boston is one of the things Tom wants to do next year.
Going to Boston was Tom's lifelong dream.
Going to Egypt was a big risk.
Going to Europe is expensive.
Going to Europe is very exciting, but also scary.
Going to Italy to study feels pretty good.
Going to Madrid on Thursday.
Going to Mars isn't the answer to climate change. The climate on Mars is worse.
Going to a concert is different than just going online to find music. You really feel the atmosphere and the tension.
Going to a psychologist doesn't mean you're crazy.
Going to bed early and waking up early is very good both for your health and appearance.
Going to bed early keeps me in shape.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Going to church doesn’t make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Going to college doesn't guarantee you a good job.
Going to her house at this hour of the night? No way!
Going to live abroad is a major decision.
Going to school during the rush hour is tiring and unpleasant.
Going to school in the United States whitewashed me to the point where I nearly forgot how to speak Spanish, and got along better with my white friends than my Latino ones.
Going to school is awesome.
Going to school was a struggle for Mennad.
Going to sleep and waking up early is good for the body.
Going to the beach with you actually sounds pretty interesting.
Going to the grocery store has become a stressful experience.
Going to the gym makes me so horny I chub up in the changing room.
Going to the island, which is part of India’s Andaman and Nicobar archipelago, is illegal and all efforts to study the Sentinelese have been made from a distance.
Going to the moon is expensive.
Going to the police would completely ruin his company, and I don't want to rub it in.
Going to the school by bus doesn't take long.
Going to this school requires a lot of money.
Going to university has been my lifelong dream.
Going to war sounds like a nightmare.
Going to work is like going to a party.
Going towards my house, I met her.
Going up?
Gold and silver are metals.
Gold can conquer any fortress.
Gold can't buy everything.
Gold circulates because it has value, but paper money has value because it circulates.
Gold does not rust.
Gold doesn't rust.
Gold doesn’t rust.
Gold futures were sharply higher.
Gold gives an air of beauty even to ugliness: but with poverty everything becomes frightful.
Gold glitters, but not all that glitters, is gold.
Gold golems are guardians used to guard treasure.
Gold had been discovered in California.
Gold has a price, but knowledge is invaluable.
Gold is a denser metal than iron.
Gold is a metal.
Gold is a precious metal.
Gold is a very expensive metal.
Gold is expensive.
Gold is far heavier than water.
Gold is going higher.
Gold is heavier than iron.
Gold is heavier than lead.
Gold is heavier than silver.
Gold is heavier than water.
Gold is just gold.
Gold is mined in this area.
Gold is money, everything else is credit.
Gold is more expensive than lead.
Gold is more precious than any other metal.
Gold is more precious than iron.
Gold is more precious than silver.
Gold is more valuable than iron.
Gold is more valuable than silver.
Gold is much heavier than water.
Gold is much more expensive than silver.
Gold is nothing but a yellow rock.
Gold is shiny.
Gold is similar in color to brass.
Gold is the king of kings.
Gold is the most precious of all metals.
Gold is the most valuable of the metals.
Gold is very dense, about twenty times denser than a duck.
Gold isn't cheap.
Gold opens every door.
Gold prices are skyrocketing in the wake of financial instability.
Gold shines, but not everything that shines is gold.
Gold was discovered there.
Gold weighs more than iron.
Gold will not buy everything.
Gold will transmute into coal before honour and loyalty alter.
Gold's heavier than iron.
Gold, bauxite, and diamonds are Guinea's main exports.
Golda Meir served as prime minister during the years 1969-1974.
Goldberg cautioned that the Chinese study was observational, relying on information provided by the mothers many years after they had given birth, so the findings do not prove a cause-and-effect relationship. She said what's needed is a head-to-head comparison of women who breast-feed with a control group of those who don't, to see whether there are long-term heart-healthy benefits.
Golddiggers are turning out with pans and other equipment, often with entire families, hoping to strike it rich as long as they stay on public land and do not dig in someone else's claim.
Golden Week is finally here!
Golden discusses various instances of espionage in academia and said the free flow of ideas and cultural exchange fostered by universities make them vulnerable to acts of espionage.
Golden guns don't protect you from bullets.
Golden reins do not make a better horse.
Golden words are often followed by leaden acts.
Golden words, in love, do everything.
Goldfinches and yellowhammers are twittering in the garden.
Goldie is a lucky dog.
Goldman Sachs, the American financial powerhouse, is trying to factor into its investment decisions and counsel all possible Omicron outcomes — from a worst-case scenario of greater virulence and vaccine-evasion to the nice surprise that the vaccines remain efficacious, and Omicron turns out to be more benign than its forerunner.
Gold’s heavier than iron.
Gold’s resistance to corrosion and its excellent electrical conductivity makes it very useful in the electronics industry, especially in smart phones.
Golems can't talk.
Golf courses are a major cause of water pollution.
Golf courses have either 9 or 18 holes.
Golf is a really expensive sport.
Golf is a ruined walk.
Golf is a sport I don't like.
Golf is a sport that I don't enjoy watching.
Golf is a sport that I don't like.
Golf is a very expensive sport.
Golf is a waste of land in such a small country as Japan.
Golf is accessible to everybody now.
Golf is an expensive sport.
Golf is boring.
Golf is for rich people.
Golf is my hobby.
Golf is not a sport I like.
Golf is now within the reach of everyone.
Golf is the sport that I don't like.
Golf is the sport that I don’t like.
Golf is very popular in Japan.
Golf isn't a sport that I'm interested in.
Golf isn't my cup of tea.
Golf isn’t my cup of tea.
Golf, in my opinion, is a boring sport.
Gon was a solitary little fox who dug and lived in a hole in a forest full of ferns. Night or day, he would come out and visit the neighboring village, where he would get up to nothing but mischief.
Gondal is a paracosm.
Gondal is an imaginary world created by Emily and Anne Brontë.
Gondal is an imaginary world.
Gondolas don't have sails.
Gone are the quaint days of milkmaids, milk stools and the pit-pat of a stream of milk into a tin pail in a bucolic barn setting.
Gone fishing.
Gone forever.
Gonna make you understand.
Gontran often played with Olga in the streets of Nîmes.
Gonzales offers a bike to all his employees in Europe.
Gonzalez's first double fault came at the most inopportune moment when he was down a set point.
Gonzalo is putting deodorant on his armpits.
Good Bye!
Good God!
Good God! You scared me there.
Good Heavens!
Good Heavens! What I wouldn't give right now to not be married!
Good Lord, what happened?
Good Lord.
Good Muslims are supposed to respect their parents.
Good Shabbos!
Good Shabbos.
Good academic performance is the result of diligence.
Good actions are never in vain.
Good advice can't be followed if it isn't understood.
Good advice grates on the ear.
Good advice is beyond all price.
Good advice is expensive there.
Good advice is expensive.
Good advice is hard to come by.
Good advice is hard to find.
Good advice is often not expensive.
Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example.
Good advice is worth its weight in gold.
Good advice isn't always expensive.
Good advice isn't expensive.
Good afternoon everybody!
Good afternoon!
Good afternoon! Are you ready for lunch?
Good afternoon! Did you have a chance to take a break?
Good afternoon! Did you have a productive morning?
Good afternoon! How are you?
Good afternoon! How can I assist you today?
Good afternoon! How’s your day shaping up?
Good afternoon, Professor PÃ©rez.
Good afternoon, Professor Pérez.
Good afternoon, Tom!
Good afternoon, Tom.
Good afternoon, everybody.
Good afternoon, everyone.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Good afternoon, sir. How may I be of service?
Good afternoon, young lady, how are you?
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon. Excuse me, I'm looking for Loretta.
Good afternoon. Excuse me, I'm looking for the Loreta.
Good afternoon. Excuse me, I’m looking for Loretta.
Good afternoon. Excuse me, I’m looking for the Loreta.
Good afternoon. Nice to meet you.
Good afternoon. You are our new neighbor, if I'm not mistaken?
Good afternoon. You are our new neighbor, if I’m not mistaken?
Good always triumphs over evil.
Good always wins over evil.
Good always wins.
Good and bad are just names.
Good and kind-hearted people are always the first to go and the first to leave the planet while the evil-minded people always stay the longest and always use to stick around, most definitely.
Good answer!
Good answer.
Good artists copy, great artists steal.
Good banter really elevates a homoerotic swordfight.
Good beer is expensive.
Good books are always worth reading.
Good books don't stay new. Like good men, we wear them out quickly.
Good books have a way of painting a picture in your mind just as good as movies.
Good books inspire us to think critically.
Good boots will protect your feet.
Good bosses are rare.
Good boy!
Good boy.
Good boys always tell the truth.
Good boys are obedient.
Good boys go gladly to school.
Good boys love study and work.
Good bread is made from wheat flour.
Good breathing technique is the be-all and end-all of singing.
Good bye and thanks a lot, Little Venusian says.
Good bye!
Good bye, and safe trip.
Good bye, and thanks.
Good caddies are usually also good golfers themselves.
Good call, Tom.
Good cannot fight good.
Good care should be taken of the pearl.
Good cat!
Good catch!
Good catch.
Good change can still introduce its own problems.
Good children learn eagerly.
Good china is expensive.
Good choice!
Good clothes open all doors.
Good comes out of evil.
Good communication builds trust.
Good communication is useful communication.
Good communication makes good friends.
Good communication with students is essential for effective teaching.
Good company in a journey is worth a coach.
Good company on the road is the shortest cut.
Good computer skills are desirable in today's digital age, and playing computer games can help children hone those skills — as long as they don't overdo it, scientists warn.
Good conductors of heat are usually good conductors of electricity, but that puts the causal relation backwards. Conduction-band electrons can't help but transport kinetic energy, which--randomized--is heat. Putting heat before electricity is reasonable only because of the rarity of materials like diamond that conduct heat via the quasi-particles called phonons, which are communicable crystal-lattice vibrations.
Good day Miss!
Good day to everyone without exception!
Good day to you, sir!
Good day to you, sir.
Good day!
Good day! A pleasure to meet you.
Good day! A table for three, please.
Good day! I would like two baguettes and two raisin rolls.
Good day! Police! Can I see your papers?
Good day! You are our new neighbor, if I am not mistaken?
Good day, Doctor Mortimer.
Good day, Sir!
Good day, Tom.
Good day, and see you shortly!
Good day, how are you?
Good day, how may I help you?
Good day, in which direction is the nearest hospital?
Good day, lords. In what way can I refine upon my adroitness in aural comprehension?
Good day, lords. In what way can I refine upon my adroitness in aural comprehension? It is genuinely arduous for me to fathom the parlance of the English, although my scribbling deftness is unerring.
Good day, my sweetheart! Why are you still in bed? Are you sick?
Good day, sir.
Good day.
Good day. Are you Mr. Sherlock Holmes?
Good day. How are you today?
Good day. See you soon.
Good day. What do you want?
Good day. What would the lady like?
Good day. Would you please bring me a mug of coffee?
Good deeds are worthy of praise.
Good digestion is essential for the health.
Good doctors explain things to patients in easily understandable ways, using anatomical models and such.
Good doctors listen to their patients.
Good dog!
Good drummers are hard to find.
Good eating habits are essential.
Good endurance is of great importance to the performance of many sports.
Good essays juxtapose two different arguments.
Good evening Chicago.
Good evening and welcome!
Good evening!
Good evening! Are you going out tonight?
Good evening! Did you have a busy day?
Good evening! Have you watched any good movies lately?
Good evening! I'm Mary, a friend of Tom's.
Good evening! What’s for dinner tonight?
Good evening, Chicago.
Good evening, Madam!
Good evening, Madam.
Good evening, Mr Miller! I'm sorry to bother you. May I come in for a moment?
Good evening, Sir.
Good evening, Tom.
Good evening, darling!
Good evening, every buddy.
Good evening, everyone.
Good evening, gentlemen.
Good evening, grandfather!
Good evening, grandpa!
Good evening, how are you doing?
Good evening, how are you?
Good evening, how are y’all doing ladies?
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. First of all, I'd like to say it's a great honour to be with you today.
Good evening, ladies.
Good evening, ma'am.
Good evening, madam!
Good evening, sir!
Good evening.
Good evening. How are you all?
Good evening. How are you?
Good evening. How many are in your party?
Good evening. How's it going?
Good evening. I would like to book a double room in your hotel.
Good evening. I'd like a glass of milk.
Good evening. I'd like a glass of whole milk.
Good evening. We're calling because we ordered a pizza three hours ago and it still hasn't arrived.
Good evening. We're calling because we ordered a pizza three hours ago and you still haven't delivered it.
Good evening. We're ringing because we ordered a pizza three hours ago and it still hasn't arrived.
Good evening; how're you doing?
Good fences make good neighbors.
Good ferret!
Good films broaden our horizons.
Good films expand one's horizons.
Good fishing spots are hard to come by.
Good food and enough sleep are absolutely necessary to good health.
Good food and good sleep will cure you of your cold.
Good food brings good health.
Good food is not fast, and fast food is not good.
Good food requires good company.
Good food, better thinking.
Good for Nobuyuki.
Good for Tom.
Good for you!
Good for you.
Good fortune has always been part of my journey.
Good fortune has little to do with luck and more with diligence.
Good friend for Jesus sake forbeare, To dig the dust enclosed here, Blessed be the man that spares these stones, And cursed be he that moves my bones.
Good friends are hard to find.
Good friends are like stars. You don't always see them, but you know they are always there.
Good friends are never lost.
Good friends are one in a hundred.
Good friends know all our stories. Best friends are part of them.
Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
Good fruit is scarce in winter, and costs a lot.
Good girl!
Good girls can do bad things.
Good girls don't eat at Tom's Burger Shack.
Good girls go to heaven, bad girls go everywhere.
Good god, there's simply not a way there!
Good grief!
Good grief! I had no idea you had been placed in such a tight spot.
Good guys like Robert shouldn't be ashamed of themselves.
Good habits should be cultivated in childhood.
Good has as its grave human ingratitude.
Good health consists of proper eating and moderate exercise.
Good health is a great blessing.
Good health is conducive to happiness.
Good health is his capital.
Good health is inseparable from exercise and moderation.
Good health is more valuable than anything else.
Good health is more valuable than gold.
Good health is the most valuable of all things.
Good health is very important in their community.
Good health is worth more than gold.
Good health keeps mind sound.
Good heavens!
Good heavens, Holmes! Are you sure of what you say?
Good heavens, Mr. Holmes! What is the matter?
Good help is hard to find these days.
Good help is hard to find.
Good help is so hard to find.
Good honey is difficult to get now.
Good honey is hard to get now.
Good humor is like spring because it makes human nature blossom.
Good hunting.
Good hygiene reflects self-respect.
Good hygiene starts with washing your hands.
Good idea!
Good idea, Tom.
Good intentions are a horse that is often saddled but rarely ridden.
Good is stronger than evil.
Good is the enemy of great.
Good isn't just the absence of evil.
Good job I paid attention at school.
Good job girl!
Good job he was there.
Good job that you don't need to know how it works exactly.
Good job!
Good job! You just ruined the flash drive.
Good job, Captain Obvious.
Good job, everybody!
Good job, everybody.
Good job, everyone!
Good job, everyone.
Good job, guys!
Good job, guys.
Good job, my friend!
Good job.
Good job. Super.
Good jobs are hard to find.
Good joke!
Good journalists are what Americans call a pain in the butt.
Good kitty!
Good language is simple language.
Good language is that which manages to express a thought more clearly than how it was thought.
Good leaders are hard to find.
Good leaders are rare.
Good leaders inspire people to have confidence in their leader. Great leaders inspire people to have confidence in themselves.
Good leather will wear for years.
Good line!
Good listeners are good learners.
Good literature enriches our minds.
Good local produce is best got from the producers, and they are on the weekly market.
Good local produce is best got from the producers, and they sell it at the weekly market.
Good luck alternates with misfortune.
Good luck and good day!
Good luck at the meeting.
Good luck breeding those lions.
Good luck convincing Tom.
Good luck convincing her.
Good luck convincing him.
Good luck finding a phone booth here.
Good luck finding a phone box here.
Good luck finding one.
Good luck finding tickets.
Good luck for the future.
Good luck getting a better job after this.
Good luck getting permission.
Good luck has never left me alone.
Good luck in life.
Good luck in the exam.
Good luck in trying to translate this sentence using precisely eighty-seven characters.
Good luck in what you are doing.
Good luck in your exam.
Good luck in your work!
Good luck is contagious.
Good luck next time.
Good luck on the exam!
Good luck on the test!
Good luck on your date with Mary.
Good luck on your date with Tom.
Good luck on your date.
Good luck on your exam.
Good luck on your test.
Good luck only helps sometimes, work always does.
Good luck or disaster?
Good luck this weekend.
Good luck to all of you who have found your way.
Good luck to both of you.
Good luck to everyone.
Good luck to you!
Good luck to you, Tom.
Good luck to you, mate.
Good luck to you.
Good luck trying to translate this sentence with exactly eighty-seven characters in it.
Good luck with Tom.
Good luck with everything.
Good luck with that, Tom.
Good luck with that.
Good luck with the new job.
Good luck with tonight's performance!
Good luck with your exam.
Good luck with your first week and see you again soon!
Good luck with your interview.
Good luck with your test.
Good luck with your work!
Good luck!
Good luck, Tom, I wish you the best.
Good luck, Tom.
Good luck, Yanni.
Good luck, Ziri.
Good luck, campaigners!
Good luck, you guys.
Good luck.
Good luck. You'll need it.
Good luck. You're going to need it.
Good lumber is hard to find these days.
Good lunch.
Good man.
Good managers are hard to find.
Good manners are important for living well together.
Good manners is the art of making those people easy with whom we converse. Whoever makes the fewest persons uneasy is the best bred in the company.
Good manners make a good impression.
Good masters make good servants.
Good mastery of a foreign language requires time.
Good medicine is bitter to the mouth.
Good medicine is bitter.
Good medicine tastes bitter, good advice is hard to listen to.
Good medicine tastes bitter.
Good men shun evil.
Good morning Nisa, nice to have you here!
Good morning Yanni. Going to Algiers?
Good morning and a gentle start to your day!
Good morning and thank you.
Good morning and welcome!
Good morning friends.
Good morning my sunshine.
Good morning to everyone without exception!
Good morning to you.
Good morning!
Good morning! Did you have breakfast already?
Good morning! Did you see the sunrise today?
Good morning! Did you sleep well last night?
Good morning! Do you have any plans for today?
Good morning! How are you all? Hopefully you’re happy while trying to read this short lecture about the parts of the body.
Good morning! How are you today?
Good morning! My name's Henry Johnson, I'm 35 years old and I'm from California but I live in Dallas with my wife and my daughter.
Good morning! Where do you want to go?
Good morning, Algeria.
Good morning, America!
Good morning, Anna! Will you have a cup of tea with us?
Good morning, Haruki. Your hair got messed up while you were sleeping.
Good morning, Haruki. Your hair looks like you just got out of bed.
Good morning, I would like to reserve a room.
Good morning, Mama.
Good morning, Mary! How are you doing?
Good morning, Mary! How are you?
Good morning, Mike.
Good morning, Mom and Dad.
Good morning, Mom.
Good morning, Mother.
Good morning, Mr Miller. Come, sit down.
Good morning, Mr Miller. Please, have a seat.
Good morning, Mr. Saari.
Good morning, Sir!
Good morning, Tatoeba.
Good morning, Tom!
Good morning, Tom.
Good morning, Tom. How are you?
Good morning, Tom. I woke up early and I thought I would make you some breakfast.
Good morning, am I disturbing you?
Good morning, are you my new neighbor?
Good morning, baby! Did you sleep well?
Good morning, baby.
Good morning, beautiful.
Good morning, blue skies!
Good morning, darling.
Good morning, dear students!
Good morning, doctor!
Good morning, everybody!
Good morning, everybody.
Good morning, everyone!
Good morning, everyone.
Good morning, everyone. Have you slept well and had nice dreams?
Good morning, folks. How's everyone doing?
Good morning, friends!
Good morning, friends, this is the programme "Life is pain!".
Good morning, gentlemen.
Good morning, good afternoon, good evening, good night.
Good morning, gorgeous.
Good morning, grandpa!
Good morning, handsome.
Good morning, honey.
Good morning, how are you doing?
Good morning, how are you?
Good morning, how can I help you?
Good morning, how may I help you?
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen!
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Good morning, ladies.
Good morning, ma'am.
Good morning, my love.
Good morning, my sweet dog.
Good morning, nice to meet you.
Good morning, people!
Good morning, princess.
Good morning, professor!
Good morning, right now I have ice cream.
Good morning, said Tom, smiling.
Good morning, sir! A merry Christmas to you!
Good morning, sir, what do you want?
Good morning, sir.
Good morning, sleepy head.
Good morning, sunshine!
Good morning, sweetheart.
Good morning, sweetie.
Good morning, what do you want?
Good morning, what is your name?
Good morning, would you like something to eat?
Good morning, you sleepy head.
Good morning, you sleepyhead.
Good morning, you sleepyheads!
Good morning, your excellence!
Good morning.
Good morning. Are you Jackie Scott?
Good morning. Did you sleep well?
Good morning. Good afternoon. Good evening. Good night.
Good morning. How are you?
Good morning. I would like to exchange US$ 600. What is the rate today?
Good morning. Isn't this rain amazing?
Good morning. It's time to get up.
Good morning. It's time to wake up.
Good morning. It’s time to wake up.
Good morning. We have good weather today.
Good movies broaden your horizons.
Good movies expand our horizons.
Good music speaks for itself.
Good music will never go out of style.
Good neighbors are better than brothers and sisters who are far away.
Good never goes unnoticed.
Good news awaited us when we returned home.
Good news is always late and bad news flies.
Good news was in store for us at home.
Good news! There are four hundred and forty four sentences in Klingon.
Good news! This is the four hundred forty-fourth sentence in Klingon.
Good night and see you tomorrow.
Good night and sleep tight!
Good night and sleep well.
Good night and sweet dreams!
Good night and sweet dreams.
Good night to you and your husband.
Good night!
Good night! I hope you'll be ready tomorrow.
Good night! It's time for little girls to go to bed.
Good night, Dad.
Good night, Daddy.
Good night, Dan.
Good night, Maria.
Good night, Miss.
Good night, Mom.
Good night, Ms Wilson!
Good night, Tatoeba.
Good night, Tatoeba. See you tomorrow.
Good night, Timmy!
Good night, Tom!
Good night, Tom.
Good night, children.
Good night, darling.
Good night, dear friend!
Good night, dream something nice!
Good night, everybody!
Good night, everybody.
Good night, everyone!
Good night, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow, that I shall say good night till it be morrow.
Good night, kids! Sweet dreams!
Good night, ladies and gentlemen.
Good night, miss.
Good night, my friends.
Good night, my love.
Good night, my treasure! How happy I am to be finally at home!
Good night, sleep tight, don't let the bedbugs bite.
Good night, sleep tight.
Good night, sweet dreams!
Good night, sweet dreams.
Good night, sweetheart.
Good night.
Good night. Have sweet dreams.
Good night. Sweet dreams.
Good nutrition is also a science and, as such, can be learnt.
Good nutrition is vital for an infant's growth.
Good nutrition is vital for an infant’s growth.
Good old Descartes thought so much that ... he was.
Good on you for telling me!
Good one!
Good parents are the best teachers.
Good parents don't bring harm to their children.
Good people and bad people come from all religious backgrounds.
Good people are rare.
Good people are similar to a warm sun.
Good people attract good people.
Good people can be found anywhere.
Good people die every day.
Good people don't have one billion dollars.
Good people don't lose. You lose good people.
Good people go to Heaven.
Good people provoke patience, bad people provoke imagination.
Good people should still exist in this world.
Good people sometimes support the wrong things for the right reasons.
Good personal investments may provide supplemental income in retirement.
Good pick!
Good plain cooking and a cosy atmosphere are what we are known for.
Good plan, thanks. LOL.
Good plan.
Good planning can make the difference between success and failure.
Good point.
Good point. That clinches it for me. Let's go ahead with the deal.
Good point; thanks.
Good points: The pleasure of disposing of enemies with a variety of combos.
Good pronunciation is vital for understanding.
Good quality fruit is scarce in the winter and it costs a lot.
Good question!
Good question.
Good relationships are rooted in respect for one another.
Good relationships don't start out like this.
Good researchers don't cherry-pick the data to support their preconceptions.
Good results are expected.
Good riddance to Silvio Berlusconi.
Good riddance to bad rubbish!
Good riddance to bad rubbish.
Good riddance to this rubbish.
Good riddance!
Good riddance.
Good salespeople are hard to find.
Good seeds make a good crop.
Good self-dependence can make you feel more confident.
Good shoes are expensive.
Good shot, kid. You got him.
Good show!
Good show, Tom! You're the best!
Good sir, we would like to proffer this wonderful item for your consideration.
Good speech is the outcome of education.
Good speech is the result of education.
Good speech is useful speech.
Good speech will break the bones of a ghost.
Good states don't exist.
Good stegosaurus!
Good students always arrive early to school.
Good students always keep their desk clean.
Good students study hard.
Good sunglasses protect the eyes from ultraviolet rays.
Good swimmers are oftenest drowned.
Good swimmers, at last, are drowned.
Good talk, Ziri.
Good talk.
Good technicians are in short supply in the developing countries.
Good that you came.
Good that you told me, otherwise I would never have remembered it.
Good thing God had mercy on us.
Good thing I came back.
Good thing I didn't drop it.
Good thing I didn't go.
Good thing I didn't have to do that.
Good thing I learned English.
Good thing I learned from you.
Good thing I learned the correct English.
Good thing I told the truth.
Good thing I've got all these fingers to use the keyboard.
Good thing I've never had to have surgery.
Good thing all the passengers were wearing seat belts.
Good thing everything is fine.
Good thing he came back.
Good thing he didn't come today.
Good thing he didn't lie to me.
Good thing he didn't lie.
Good thing he left.
Good thing he spoke the whole truth.
Good thing he told the truth.
Good thing he was convinced.
Good thing he wasn't with them.
Good thing he's already gone.
Good thing he's better.
Good thing he's doing better.
Good thing he's married.
Good thing he's with me.
Good thing it didn't work out.
Good thing it was during the day.
Good thing it was earlier.
Good thing it was the afternoon.
Good thing it was the night.
Good thing it was today.
Good thing it was with him.
Good thing it was with them.
Good thing it was yesterday.
Good thing it wasn't me.
Good thing it wasn't that way.
Good thing it wasn't with them.
Good thing it worked.
Good thing no harm has happened to us.
Good thing she came back.
Good thing she didn't come.
Good thing she left.
Good thing she told the truth.
Good thing she wasn't with them.
Good thing she's already gone.
Good thing she's better.
Good thing she's doing better.
Good thing she's married.
Good thing they are already gone.
Good thing they are better.
Good thing they are here.
Good thing they didn't come today.
Good thing they left.
Good thing they told the truth.
Good thing we're fine.
Good thing we're in storage.
Good thing we're protected.
Good thing you believed me.
Good thing you came! We were just talking about you.
Good thing you came. What would have we done without you!
Good thing you didn't lie to her.
Good thing you didn't lie to them.
Good thing you got it.
Good thing you got the job!
Good thing you got your bonus. Now we can both pay the bills and treat ourselves.
Good thing you showed up.
Good thing you're doing better.
Good thing you're feeling better.
Good thing you're fine.
Good thing you're happy.
Good thing you're here.
Good thing you're with her.
Good things are being done.
Good things are easily spoiled.
Good things are happening.
Good things can be done.
Good things come in small amounts.
Good things come in small packages.
Good things come to those that wait.
Good things come to those who wait.
Good things come when you least expect it.
Good things come when you least expect them.
Good things cost more.
Good things for your children are better than good things for yourself.
Good things happen when you least expect them to.
Good things in life often come at a cost.
Good things must be savoured.
Good things should be savored.
Good things should be savoured.
Good things take time.
Good things will happen.
Good thinking!
Good thoughts bear good fruit, bad thoughts bear bad fruit.
Good times alternate with bad.
Good times are always good days.
Good times fly by; bad times never end.
Good times were had by all.
Good timing.
Good timing. I'll get you to test drive the new model.
Good timing. I’ll get you to test drive the new model.
Good to be here.
Good to be together.
Good to have you back.
Good to know you're fine.
Good to know.
Good to meet you, David.
Good to meet you, Ziri.
Good to meet you.
Good to see you again.
Good to see you!
Good to see you, Tom.
Good to see you, too.
Good to see you.
Good traditions should be preserved.
Good try!
Good try.
Good use of technology can improve our daily life.
Good use of technology can improve our lives.
Good water for Tibet is good water for the world.
Good weather is very important to Tom.
Good wheat must be separated from the chaff.
Good will ultimately triumph over evil.
Good wine gladdens the heart.
Good wine is a gift of the gods.
Good wine needs no bush.
Good wine never hurts.
Good words are better than money.
Good words are worth a lot, but cost almost nothing.
Good words are worth much, and cost little.
Good words without deeds are rushes and reeds.
Good work makes good things.
Good work takes time.
Good work will be rewarded with a hefty premium.
Good work!
Good work, Tom.
Good work, boys!
Good writing has been going out of style, in favor of texting.
Good writing is a skill that most people do not have.
Good!
Good, I will do my best.
Good, I will take them. When does the show start?
Good, I'm not alone.
Good, as always.
Good, but you can do better.
Good, enough poetic images.
Good, good, next time use a bit more effort and you'll succeed.
Good, good, you're a sweet child so you're going to bed now.
Good, good, you’re a sweet child so you’re going to bed now.
Good, right, yes.
Good, talk to me.
Good, thank you. And you?
Good, thanks.
Good, that's good.
Good, then I will talk.
Good, there we go now!
Good, you can go home.
Good, you're fine.
Good-bye and be brave.
Good-bye and good luck.
Good-bye!
Good-bye, John.
Good-bye, Sayoko!
Good-bye, take it easy.
Good-bye.
Good-hearted women are always beautiful, but beautiful women are not always good-hearted.
Good-looking people are good-looking no matter what they wear.
Good-night, sweet prince; and flights of angels sing thee to thy rest.
Good-quality fruit is scarce and expensive in winter.
Good-quality fruit is scarce in winter and costs a lot.
Good.
Good. And you?
Good. Can you make long distance calls from the room?
Good. Everyone's here.
Good. I hate this a lot.
Good. I understand.
Good. No absentees.
Good. Now go down with it.
Good. There you go.
Goodbye Tatoeba.
Goodbye and good luck.
Goodbye and good night.
Goodbye and good riddance.
Goodbye cute little cat.
Goodbye everyone!
Goodbye everyone! I went to talk in different languages with a chatbot.
Goodbye for ever!
Goodbye for now.
Goodbye my friends.
Goodbye stranger, it's been nice.
Goodbye stranger, it’s been nice.
Goodbye till tomorrow.
Goodbye to you as well.
Goodbye to you.
Goodbye!
Goodbye! When you have more time, come back and play!
Goodbye, 2016.
Goodbye, Anna!
Goodbye, Bob and Nora.
Goodbye, I'll come back tomorrow.
Goodbye, I'll see you at the time we agreed on.
Goodbye, I'm going to work!
Goodbye, Ian.
Goodbye, José!
Goodbye, Sayoko.
Goodbye, Skura, until we meet again.
Goodbye, Tatoeba. It was a lot of fun.
Goodbye, Tatoeba. It was great fun.
Goodbye, Tom.
Goodbye, beautiful person!
Goodbye, cruel world.
Goodbye, friends.
Goodbye, my dear friend!
Goodbye, my dears!
Goodbye, my friend.
Goodbye, see you very soon!
Goodbye, take it easy.
Goodbye, then.
Goodbye, we'll see each other up there.
Goodbye, world.
Goodbye.
Goodbye. I'll see you at the time we agreed on.
Goodbye. See you again tomorrow.
Goodbye. See you tomorrow.
Goodbye. Thanks once again.
Goodbyes are always sad.
Goodness does more than violence.
Goodness gracious!
Goodness is abstract, a kind act is concrete.
Goodness knows what actually happened.
Goodness knows what it was.
Goodness knows why he's been picked for the national squad - he's been terrible all season!
Goodness me!
Goodness me! What a beautiful arse!
Goodness me, that's fantastic!
Goodness, this water's hot!
Goodnight and sweet dreams!
Goodnight!
Goodnight, I'll see you in the morning.
Goodnight, Mother.
Goodnight, Tatoeba.
Goodnight, Timmy.
Goodnight, Tom.
Goodnight, Yanni.
Goodnight, and joy be with you all.
Goodnight, ladies.
Goodnight, my darling.
Goodnight, my dear.
Goodnight, sweet prince of darkness.
Goodnight.
Goods are the great travelers over the earth's surface, far more than humans, which means that hardly an inhabited spot on the globe is untouched by trade.
Goods are the great travelers over the earth’s surface, far more than humans, which means that hardly an inhabited spot on the globe is untouched by trade.
Goods at the food and clothing stalls were very cheap.
Goods from all over Algeria come to this market.
Google "a native English is" in order to leave out the matches for "a native English speaker".
Google Chrome's automatic translation is not very correct.
Google Murray Bookchin.
Google Translate can't translate phrases or give definitions of individual words.
Google Translate doesn't know how to translate the Russian word "lapulechka".
Google Translate identifies this language as Belarusian.
Google Translate is learning Latin.
Google Translate is not good enough for Ubuntu Translations. Furthermore, this is against Ubuntu policy.
Google Translate still has a lot to learn, but it's getting better every day.
Google Translate translates Esperanto.
Google Translate: “You are just being stubborn."
Google Translator delivers fairly good translations as long as the sentences are short.
Google and library databases jumble different forms of information together.
Google celebrated its 19th birthday on September 27 with a special doodle.
Google chief executive officer Larry Page announced in a blog post Monday that he and co-founder Sergey Brin will head a new holding company called Alphabet, which will oversee the original Google company that includes its now-iconic search engine and its popular YouTube video service.
Google collects the private information of their users.
Google commemorated the African Turkish sculptor Kuzgun Acar with a Doodle.
Google did not return any useful results.
Google doesn't know everything.
Google had an important part turning the information over the internet more accessible.
Google harder!
Google has added the Kabyle language to its automatic translation.
Google has become the de facto gatekeeper of the web, an arbiter of what is useful and what should get visibility.
Google has been accused of blocking competitors, like Microsoft, from its search results.
Google has integrated Kabyle into its automatic translation service.
Google has launched an online person finder to help people reconnect with those in the disaster areas.
Google has money, employees and experience.
Google has played an important role in making information more accessible over the internet.
Google is a U.S. tech giant owned by Alphabet.
Google is a liar.
Google is an enormous tracker.
Google is de facto an essential tool of the Internet.
Google is free.
Google is getting rich off your data.
Google is my best friend.
Google is my teacher.
Google is promoting the adoption of passwords as a more secure alternative to passwords on various platforms, including Gmail and YouTube, as well as other services it offers Not only to improve user security, but also to foster a stronger culture of data protection in the digital world.
Google isn't blocked in Algeria.
Google it and find out for yourself.
Google it.
Google knows you.
Google makes money by selling advertising.
Google says its most-searched costume terms this year include the creepy clown from the “It” movie, followed by witch, Spider-Man, dinosaur, Descendants (from a 2015 Disney television movie) and clown.
Google shows a special colorless version of its logo to countries that have experienced recent tragedy.
Google translator can speak Russian with a Turkish accent.
Google uses a neural network to translate sentences.
Google was once small and scrappy.
Google will soon be able to translate from English to Berber.
Google works quite like Big Brother in Orwell's novel "1984".
Google's new in-browser tracking program is a great reason to switch to Firefox.
Google's search results are usually more useful than those of Yahoo's.
Google+ is a new social network.
Google+ was an epic failure.
Google-Translating your website and making it searchable is a crime against humanity.
Goose down retains the heat.
Gooseberries are fruits that are effective at extending life.
Gooseberries can prolong your life.
Goosebumps broke out on my skin.
Goosebumps covered my body.
Gooseneck barnacles sweep the water with their feathery legs to catch plankton.
Gooseweed is a plant that spreads with rhizomes.
Gophers are cute.
Goran says HFCS contains more fructose, or fruit sugar, than other sweeteners, such as sucrose or table sugar.
Gorbachev sold the Soviet Union for pizza.
Gorbachev was the only Soviet leader to do a commercial for an American restaurant chain.
Gordo, a squirrel monkey, was catapulted 600 miles high in a Jupiter rocket, also on December 13, 1958, one year after the Soviets launched Laika. Gordo's capsule was never found in the Atlantic Ocean. He died on splashdown when a flotation mechanism failed, but Navy doctors said signals on his respiration and heartbeat proved humans could withstand a similar trip.
Gordon Bennett!
Gordon has had his head in the clouds all week.
Gordon is interested in the Japanese way of life.
Gorelick said that the outcomes of his work in Jordan may be used to evaluate water scarcity in other Middle Eastern countries, such as Syria.
Gori believes that patient infected others, including doctors and nurses.
Gori says another event is also believed responsible for the rapid spread of the virus in his province: a Champions League soccer game played February 19.
Gorillas are absolutely amazing animals.
Gorillas are highly intelligent.
Gorillas aren't monkeys, they are apes.
Gorillas can lift up to ten times their weight, and they weigh a lot.
Gorillas cannot use their lips and tongues to speak, but they can communicate with people in other ways.
Gorillas pound their chests. Bonobos fuck. Chimpanzees and humans go to war.
Gorillas rarely climb trees.
Gorillas very rarely climb trees.
Goro had the kindness to take me to the hospital.
Goro is good at English.
Goro was kind enough to take me to the hospital.
Gorse bushes flaunted their colour, larch trees hung out their tassels and celandines starred the bright green grass in an air which seemed palpably blue.
Gosh!
Gosh! I weigh the same as a 2.4-metre guy. I have to grow!
Gosh, I'm 25 years old now. Isn't that horrible? Rounding up, I'm 30!
Gosh, I'm hungry.
Gosh, I'm old!
Gosh, I'm thirsty.
Gosh, can you be more wasteful?
Gosh, if only she smiled more.
Gosh, it stinks downstairs real bad.
Gosh, that Italian family at the next table sure is quiet.
Gosh, this is so embarrassing.
Gosh, this much?
Gosh, what a dirty customer!
Goshawks are birds of prey.
Goslings and ducklings are both adorable.
Gossip is nothing new.
Gossip is the lowest form of discourse.
Gossip seems to be his favorite pastime.
Gossip seems to be their favorite pastime.
Gossip that the diva had gotten married was spreading.
Gossiping never ends well.
Gossipmongers had a field day when Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton started an affair while they were both married to other people.
Got a light?
Got a minute?
Got a mysterious feeling whenever he looked at that picture.
Got a pen?
Got a spare day? Let's hit the water for some fishing.
Got any baccy?
Got any smokes?
Got cancelled at the last minute. 'Deferred to next week'.
Got cancelled at the last minute. ’Deferred to next week’.
Got get yourself a tea.
Got into debt right up to my ears.
Got it guys?
Got it!
Got it.
Got it?
Got milk?
Got that?
Got the hang of it?
Got the tools in my pocket.
Got there right away.
Got to go now.
Got up at six, and left home at seven.
Got us a butt on you?
Got your gear ready? Let's go fishing, my friend.
Gotcha!
Gotcha.
Gotham City reminds me of New York where I'm from.
Gotham Greens provides rooftop-grown leafy greens and herbs to supermarkets and top-ranked restaurants like Gramercy Tavern, which uses seasonal vegetables but also depends on the reliability of produce from urban hydroponic farms.
Gothic became very popular in America.
Gothic novels reappeared at the end of the century.
Gotta catch 'em all!
Gotta catch 'em all.
Gotta catch them all.
Gotta drop a deuce.
Gotta go now, bye!
Gotta go.
Gotta paint it.
Gotta say, a water pitcher is an underrated and underused option these days.
Goulash without red paprika is unimaginable.
Governing Algeria's mountainous territory is not easy.
Governing a democracy would be so much simpler if we didn't have to keep winning elections.
Governing can be a dangerous business, especially for U.S. mayors. Eighty percent say they’ve experienced violence, harassment or both.
Government agencies have increased patrols to nab those behind the crimes.
Government agricultural forecasters in Australia are predicting a bumper winter crop, which should help to meet soaring demand from Asia.
Government by the people works best when people think for themselves.
Government corruption is rife in Ukraine.
Government debt is about 79% of GDP and remains among the highest of the emerging markets.
Government has the right to kill people.
Government is a contrivance of human wisdom to provide for human wants. Men have a right that these wants should be provided for by this wisdom.
Government ministers are certain to welcome such proposals.
Government money should never go to religious organizations unless they agree to pay taxes.
Government moves very slowly.
Government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.
Government officials inspected all factories.
Government officials say there’s no evidence to support the suggestion that Chinese students may be the ones inadvertently spreading the virus.
Government policies should encourage scientific innovation without creating unnecessary barriers or unjustifiably stigmatizing new technologies.
Government red tape has made the process very cumbersome and hard to understand.
Government should be collaborative.
Government should be participatory.
Government should be transparent.
Government spending is getting a little out of hand.
Government supporters dismiss the allegations as false and contemptible.
Government tests show that much of the water here is contaminated by leaking septic tanks or farm chemicals that have seeped into the porous soil.
Government troops launched a pre-emptive attack on the insurgents, after receiving intelligence reports that they were planning an assault.
Government videos depict images of past Ottoman Empire glories, and promise to extend Turkish influence across the Mediterranean and beyond.
Government-controlled media is never a reliable source of information.
Governments and central banks primarily use monetary policy to control inflation.
Governments are desperate to avoid imposing nationwide lockdowns, or shutting down already grievously damaged economies.
Governments are vampires, they suck people's blood.
Governments around the world are responding to the coronavirus pandemic with more and more travel bans.
Governments around the world are using the threat of terrorism as a justification to crack down on human rights defenders and civil society activists, the U.N. special rapporteur on the promotion and protection of human rights warned this week in Washington.
Governments borrow money by issuing bonds.
Governments cannot be expected to solve this problem.
Governments control us, but we can't control them.
Governments distinguish vaccinated and unvaccinated people.
Governments don't often fulfil the pledges they make in their manifestos.
Governments know that to govern they have to give the people bread and circuses.
Governments might come and go, but ideas go on forever.
Governments must find a solution to the illegal immigration crisis.
Governments now are worried that, much like after the 2008 financial crash, their businesses will become the target of hostile foreign takeovers.
Governments should not be in the business of legislating morality.
Governments usually resort to price control when inflation has reached a certain level.
Governments will one day have to choose one language as an international one.
Governments, in order to teach how to enjoy cell phones without being controlled by them, have established behavior rules that limit their use in public places, such as in churches, in schools, or during tests.
Governor Gavin Newsom ordered the closure of all bars and wineries in California.
Govind's company creates computer-generated imagery for blockbuster films.
Govinda loved Siddhartha's sweet voice, he loved his walk and the perfect decency of his movements, he loved everything Siddhartha did and said and what he loved most was his spirit, his transcendent, fiery thoughts, his ardent will, his high calling.
Goy is the Hebrew word for gentile.
Goy originally meant "nation" in Hebrew, and the Jews are described as a goy repeatedly in the Hebrew Bible.
Grab Mary and don't let her get away.
Grab Tom and don't let him get away.
Grab Tom.
Grab a broom and help us clean.
Grab a cart.
Grab a chair.
Grab a cookie.
Grab a different glass.
Grab a drink, and come sit with us.
Grab a friend and join us in Room 300 tomorrow at three.
Grab a handful of jelly beans.
Grab a handful of popcorn.
Grab a handful.
Grab a hold of the rope.
Grab a kleenex, your nose is dripping.
Grab a knife.
Grab a pen and a piece of paper.
Grab a piece of paper.
Grab a rag and help me clean up this mess.
Grab a seat.
Grab a shovel and start digging.
Grab a spoon.
Grab an empanada for a quick and tasty snack.
Grab an umbrella.
Grab another chair.
Grab any bottle.
Grab as much as you need.
Grab harder.
Grab him!
Grab him! Don't let him get away.
Grab him! Don’t let him get away.
Grab him.
Grab hold of the rope.
Grab hold of this.
Grab it!
Grab it, Tom.
Grab it.
Grab its tail!
Grab me a Bible and watch me solemnly swear not to hit you over the head with it.
Grab me a beer.
Grab me a bottle of beer, will you?
Grab me a bottle of beer.
Grab me one, too.
Grab me something to eat.
Grab my hand.
Grab on to something.
Grab one.
Grab some napkins from the kitchen. Oh, and a fork while you're there.
Grab that bag.
Grab that cookie box for breakfast.
Grab that.
Grab the bottom.
Grab the bull by the horns!
Grab the end of this rope.
Grab the golden egg.
Grab the meat before it burns to a crisp!
Grab the rope.
Grab the shovels, boys.
Grab the thief!
Grab the wheel.
Grab this opportunity with both hands.
Grab this.
Grab us a bottle of beer, will you?
Grab what you need and get out of here.
Grab what you need.
Grab your bag and let's go.
Grab your compasses!
Grab your fishing pole and tackle box and let's go fishing.
Grab your gear, we're heading out on a camping expedition.
Grab your gear.
Grab your jacket and get out of my house.
Grab your jacket; it's cold!
Grab your mug and come!
Grab your pencil.
Grab your rucksack and hurry!
Grab your rucksack and hurry.
Grab your skates and let's go skating.
Grab your stuff.
Grab your suitcase and let's go.
Grab your wallet and come with me.
Grabbing him by the shoulders, she shook him and yelled, "Snap out of it!"
Grabbing onto his head, he said: "What is that?"
Grace blooms in adversity.
Grace decorated the cupcakes beautifully.
Grace dwells in the space between breaths.
Grace fills the spaces where doubt once lingered.
Grace finds the humble heart.
Grace finds those who walk with purpose.
Grace flows through every moment.
Grace flows through her veins.
Grace flows through her, quiet and unassuming.
Grace flows through the night.
Grace flows through the quiet.
Grace follows those who seek.
Grace follows those who walk with care.
Grace goes to phone extension upstairs.
Grace goes to the telephone upstairs.
Grace goes upstairs to the extension telephone.
Grace grows in patience and perseverance.
Grace has met William at school.
Grace has not come yet.
Grace hasn't arrived yet.
Grace hasn't come yet.
Grace in every gesture.
Grace is a way to fall to the top.
Grace is found in the heart of the humble.
Grace is found in the simplicity of being.
Grace is her silent strength.
Grace is the dawn after the darkest night: the light over the horizon just in sight.
Grace is the light in the darkest night.
Grace lingers in silence.
Grace looked angry.
Grace looked offended.
Grace never falters.
Grace painted a vibrant sunset.
Grace ran swiftly.
Grace rests in the hands of the humble.
Grace rests in the hands of the patient.
Grace rises with the sun.
Grace shines brightest in adversity.
Grace shines brightest in the shadows.
Grace shines through stillness.
Grace speaks when words fail.
Grace under pressure shines.
Grace watered the garden flowers.
Grace wore an indignant look.
Graceful degradation is a close second to robustness.
Gracie and her wife are both vampires who live in a gloomy old castle.
Grackles are passerines.
Grackles can be pigs.
Grackles keep coming to eat the cat food on the porch.
Gracy says that she wants to talk with you.
Grades are a necessary evil.
Grades are important, but they are not everything.
Grades are important, but they're not everything.
Gradlon constantly bore round his neck a silver key which opened at the same time the vast sluices and the city gates.
Gradlon lived in great state in a palace of marble, cedar, and gold.
Gradlon reached Quimper safe and sound.
Gradlon was a prudent prince, and defended his capital of Ys from the invasions of the sea by constructing an immense basin to receive the overflow of the water at high tide.
Gradlon was a saintly and pious man, and acted as patron to Gwénnolé, founder and first abbé of the first monastery built in Armorica.
Gradlon was a saintly and pious man.
Gradlon, as is so often the case with pious men, had a wayward child, the princess Dahut, who on one occasion while her father was sleeping gave a secret banquet to her lover, in which the pair, excited with wine, committed folly after folly, until at last it occurred to the frivolous girl to open the sluice-gate.
Gradlon, as is so often the case with pious men, had a wayward child, the princess Dahut.
Gradual changes take place in our city every year.
Gradual improvements can be hard to notice, but they're still there.
Gradually increase the duration of your workouts.
Gradually the interest rate will increase.
Gradually the true meaning of what he said began to dawn on me.
Gradually things began to look a little less black.
Gradually, as the magnetic flux (a measurement of the quantity of magnetism) that comes up with the sunspots moves pole-ward it erodes the existing polar fields and replaces them with magnetic fields that have the opposite polarity.
Gradually, as they walked and ran together, her sadness disappeared.
Gradually, the weather became ominous.
Gradually, they are all leaving.
Gradually, things are getting better.
Graduates earn on average over fifty per cent more than those with only GCSE qualifications.
Graduates earn on average over fifty per cent more than those with only school-leaving qualifications.
Graduating from university without studying is a victory, isn't it?
Graduating is like losing your job.
Graduation day is only a month away.
Graduation is around the corner.
Graduation is typically held the first or second Saturday in March.
Graffiti is an art form that deserves recognition.
Graffiti is any sort of words or drawings, scribbled or painted on a wall or other surface… without permission. That's why most people consider it vandalism. But to others, including photographers Henry Chalfant and Martha Cooper, it's a form of art.
Graffiti is vandalism.
Grafting can join scions with desirable qualities to rootstock that is strong and resists disease and insects.
Graham Blake grew up on Sarah Creek, a tributary to the bay. His father and grandfather made a good living as watermen by harvesting, transplanting, fattening, and then re-harvesting oysters from the creek. It was an early form of oyster farming. In the 1940s and ‘50s his family could harvest 200 to 300 bushels of oysters each day. Blake says those days are long-gone.
Graham Greene is a favorite author of mine.
Graham Greene is my favorite author.
Graham Greene is my favorite writer.
Graham Greene is my favourite writer.
Graham Greene is one of my favorite authors.
Graham Greene is one of my favourite authors.
Graham Linehan is a sociopath.
Graham Linehan was once a respected writer. Hate eats you from the inside out.
Graham Linehan's seething obsession with trans women cost him his marriage.
Graham Medley is a professor of Infectious Disease Modelling at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine. He noted that deworming is effective at stopping the disease from spreading, but it does not end the health threat.
Graham hasn't got a girlfriend yet.
Grain became cheaper.
Grain is useful.
Grammar Nazis must die!
Grammar Nazis often commit spelling mistakes while criticizing the typos of others.
Grammar and phonetics are my favorite part of learning a new language.
Grammar and usage are the sine qua non of language teaching and learning.
Grammar be hanged.
Grammar being the art of relieving the difficulties of a language, the lever must not be heavier than the load it lifts.
Grammar can be annoying to adhere to.
Grammar is a very complex thing.
Grammar is an empirical science, not a theoretical one.
Grammar is confusing.
Grammar is divided into phonology, morphology, syntax and semantics.
Grammar is divided into phonology, morphology, syntax, and semantics.
Grammar is fundamental for preserving a language.
Grammar is the art of speaking and writing well.
Grammar is very complicated.
Grammar is very difficult.
Grammar is very hard.
Grammar is very important.
Grammar rules confuse me greatly.
Grammar school is where little kids learn the basics: reading, writing and math.
Grammar teaches us how to speak and write well.
Grammar, which I hate, is good for me.
Grammar-Nazi-sympathizers must die too!
Grammatical gender does not exist in Hungarian.
Grammatical gender is not universal.
Grammatically there is nothing wrong with this sentence, but I think it would never actually be used.
Grammatically, it's correct, but native speakers wouldn't say something like that.
Gran elbowed Grandad in the ribs as he was about to start regaling the dinner guest with his stories.
Gran is sitting in the rocking chair, reading the local paper.
Gran says hello.
Gran sends her greetings.
Gran, will you show me how to make my bed?
Granada is my favorite city.
Granada is my favourite city.
Grand Central Station, please.
Grand opening sale.
Grandad always tells the same stories. Everyone at home can recite them word for word.
Grandad asked for semolina for afters today.
Grandad asked for semolina for dessert today.
Grandad has asked for semolina for afters today.
Grandad has asked for semolina for dessert today.
Grandad has boarded up the hole in the side of the shed.
Grandad is having forty winks on the settee.
Grandad is kipping on the couch.
Grandad is snoozing on the sofa.
Grandad lives alone.
Grandad lives on his own.
Grandad's got a cardboard box full of old colour postcards with pictures of European tourist attractions.
Grandad's got a shoebox full of old colour postcards showing European sights.
Grandchildren are proof that some good comes from having children.
Grandchildren don't make a man feel old, it's the knowledge that he's married to a grandmother.
Grandeur and gallantry never appeared with more lustre in France, than in the last years of Henry the Second's reign.
Grandeur and gallantry never appeared with more lustre in France, than in the last years of Henry the Second’s reign.
Grandfather always makes us laugh at home.
Grandfather constantly amuses us in our house.
Grandfather has caught a cold.
Grandfather has retired because he is getting old.
Grandfather is napping on the sofa.
Grandfather is quite senile.
Grandfather is still very active for his age.
Grandfather joined us for dinner last night and it was wonderful to see him again.
Grandfather likes writing poems about grandmother.
Grandfather lived to be 99 years old.
Grandfather never stops making us laugh at home.
Grandfather nodded toward me.
Grandfather opened the car window and aimed the gun at a bird.
Grandfather said it.
Grandfather sat in his habitual place near the fire.
Grandfather speaks very slowly.
Grandfather talked to me with a pipe in his mouth.
Grandfather's donkey, I still ride behind.
Grandfather, an experienced hunter, knew all the habits of animals.
Grandma Jackson used the word "pwned" today.
Grandma Ling died with unfinished business. It is said that to this day no one has dared to live in that house.
Grandma Moses started painting when she was in her seventies. A late bloomer indeed!
Grandma added an onion to the filling.
Grandma and Grandpa have told us fairy tales.
Grandma and Grandpa sat in front of the house.
Grandma and grandpa were buried together in '96.
Grandma and grandpa were buried together in 1996.
Grandma and grandpa were buried together in nineteen ninety-six.
Grandma cooked this.
Grandma dropped her glasses and they broke.
Grandma figured out how to operate the remote control, but forgot the next day.
Grandma forgot to take her pills again.
Grandma gave me a sewing box with a needle, a pincushion, scissors, a ribbon, a zipper, a spool of thread, Velcro, and a tape measure.
Grandma has been visiting for a few days.
Grandma has made a Swiss roll.
Grandma is three and a half times your age.
Grandma isn't what she used to be.
Grandma knit the sweater's yoke on circular needles.
Grandma likes watching TV.
Grandma made me a patchwork rug.
Grandma made the sweater for Ziri.
Grandma made this.
Grandma passed away.
Grandma really loves watching TV.
Grandma spoiled me.
Grandma sprinkled flour on the rolling pin so the dough wouldn't stick to it.
Grandma sprinkled flour on the rolling pin so the dough wouldn’t stick to it.
Grandma used to add an egg to the filling.
Grandma used to add an onion to the filling.
Grandma used to fry the filling first.
Grandma uses Facebook all day.
Grandma walked to the market to buy food for the whole family.
Grandma went to the market to buy food for the family.
Grandma will take care of you.
Grandma would add an onion to the filling.
Grandma's apartment was in disarray.
Grandma's cookies are the best.
Grandma's hard candy was always stuck together in a bowl and tasted like dust.
Grandma's stew is really exceptional!
Grandma, can you see with reading glasses?
Grandma, come quick! You're on TV!
Grandma, do you use reading glasses to see?
Grandmamma will take care of you.
Grandmaster is the highest achievable title in chess.
Grandmother always says: "They value me in difficult moments!"
Grandmother and great-grandmother used to mark their sheets, pillowcases, and other household linens with tiny initials of cross-stitch.
Grandmother believes that Chinese medicines are the best.
Grandmother carried the table by herself.
Grandmother died, leaving the whole family stunned.
Grandmother is bent double with age.
Grandmother lifted her spectacles.
Grandmother looked very well.
Grandmother looks after the children during the day.
Grandmother looks very comfortable in that chair beside the fire.
Grandmother makes a practice of keeping early hours.
Grandmother mows the grass in the garden.
Grandmother said she wants to talk to you.
Grandmother sent us a box of apples.
Grandmother showed us old photographs.
Grandmother takes great delight in watching television.
Grandmother will take care of you.
Grandmother's apartment was in disarray.
Grandmother's ashes are in an urn at the temple.
Grandmother's passing away came as a great blow to the entire family.
Grandmother’s ashes are in an urn at the temple.
Grandpa Frost has good eyesight while Santa Claus wears eyeglasses.
Grandpa addresses Grandma by her first name and vice versa.
Grandpa always had a mischievous twinkle in his eyes.
Grandpa always said there'd be days like this.
Grandpa and Grandma are now in heaven.
Grandpa bought it for me!
Grandpa bought this for me.
Grandpa cannot hold urine anymore.
Grandpa fell down the stairs and got a serious injury.
Grandpa fell down the stairs and was seriously injured.
Grandpa is appealing the decision of the Ontario Disability Support Program.
Grandpa is not glad to be ninety-six.
Grandpa is old and doesn't care.
Grandpa kicked dad and me out of the house.
Grandpa learned Russian in Siberia.
Grandpa learned his Russian in Siberia.
Grandpa learned the Russian language in Siberia.
Grandpa likes to go overboard.
Grandpa likes to overdo it.
Grandpa likes to overdo things.
Grandpa lived until the age of 99.
Grandpa lives alone.
Grandpa put on a sweatshirt and went out to take care of the cattle.
Grandpa started to get old, so he retired.
Grandpa was a real curmudgeon to the very end.
Grandpa was known for wearing white velcro shoes.
Grandpa whispered sweet nothings in grandma’s ears while they were seated in the porch overlooking the lake.
Grandpa's here!
Grandpa, how did you meet grandma?
Grandpa, what are you doing?
Grandparents love to see their grandchildren playing and laughing.
Grandpas in China are beating the anti-epidemic staffs with sticks.
Granite countertops add elegance to modern kitchens.
Granite is a durable rock commonly used in kitchen countertops.
Granite is a popular choice for flooring in high-traffic areas.
Grannie's stew is something else.
Granny adored me.
Granny is exercising.
Granny went to pick some blueberries.
Granny!
Granny's cookies are inedible.
Granny's front gate is open.
Granny's front gate squeaks when it opens.
Granny, could you tell me one more story?
Grant asked the Senate to approve the treaty.
Grant attacked Vicksburg several times.
Grant failed at almost everything he tried--until he was given command of the Union Army.
Grant had never been able to make much money.
Grant him more leeway.
Grant refused to accept defeat.
Grant refused to acknowledge his defeat.
Grant refused to give them a firm promise.
Grant took 14,000 prisoners.
Grant us peace!
Grant wanted to cut the supply lines between the two cities.
Grant was extremely popular.
Grant was not an effective political leader.
Grant was not worried about supplies.
Granted a ten-minute break, he enters the dressing room to tie his messy hair, wipe the sweat from his shoulders, and take control of his breathing.
Granted his cleverness, he may still be mistaken.
Granted that he is honest, but I doubt his ability.
Granted that you are right, we still have to persuade him first.
Granted, native speakers will often say things awkwardly.
Granted, watching TV can be relaxing.
Granted.
Granting that favor is out of the question.
Granting that he was drunk, his conduct cannot be excused.
Granting that it is so, what follows?
Granting that it is true, it does not concern me.
Granting that the aim is right, how will you carry out the plan?
Granting that you are honest, that is no proof of your innocence.
Granting that you are right, we still can't approve of your plan.
Granting that you are right, we still can’t approve of your plan.
Granting you were drunk, I cannot excuse you.
Granting, as Lenin wants, such absolute powers of a negative character to the top organ of the party, we strengthen, to a dangerous extent, the conservatism inherent in such an organ.
Granville Street in Vancouver, BC, sported peep shows and porno shops.
Grapefruits were created through an accidental cross between a pomelo and a sweet orange.
Grapes are like eggs.
Grapes are made into wine.
Grapes are sour.
Grapes grow in bunches.
Grapes grow in thick clusters that are easy to pick.
Grapes grow in vineyards.
Grapes grow on vines.
Grapes need plenty of sunlight to ripen.
Graphene is a substance made from pure carbon.
Graphene is basically graphite, like the core of pencils, but its neatly-arranged and tightly-woven atoms make it 200 times stronger than a steel sheet of the same thickness.
Graphene is the first man-made two-dimensional material. It is actually only a one-atom-thick layer of pure carbon. It is closely related to nanotubes, and microscopic graphite balls called fullerenes.
Graphene is very strong, flexible and a good conductor of electricity.
Grasp all, lose all.
Grasp it carefully.
Grasp it with caution.
Grasp my hand.
Grass (grains) are famine foods. Only fools eat grass (grains) and they unknowingly give themselves diabetes. This eugenics so the wealthy can steal the human's life savings.
Grass doesn't grow faster if you pull it.
Grass doesn't grow faster if you shoot it.
Grass doesn't grow here.
Grass doesn't grow on the moon.
Grass grew.
Grass grows well after the rain.
Grass is a common type of plant found in many outdoor areas, from lawns to meadows to pastures.
Grass is for cows.
Grass is green.
Grass is growing unchecked between the uneven paving slabs.
Grass is luxuriant in summer.
Grass now grows on the path that once led to the church.
Grass stops growing in autumn.
Grass tastes bitter.
Grass won't grow here.
Grasshoppers chirp.
Grasslands and the soils beneath them act as giant carbon sinks, the report notes. But not if they are overgrazed.
Grasslands cover around 30 percent of the earth's ice-free land and account for 70 percent of its agricultural land. But land degradation, made worse by high demands for meat and dairy products, affects around 70 percent of pastures.
Grassroots movements will crush the elite.
Grate cheese over the top and serve.
Grate the carrots finely.
Grate the chocolate and work it into the dough.
Grateful recipients included a number of area food banks and charities.
Graters are good for cheese, potatoes, ginger, and other things you might need little shreds of.
Gratitude frees us from toxic emotions.
Gratitude has gone to the heavens and has taken along the ladder.
Gratitude is a feeling of appreciation or thanks.
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but also the mother of all other virtues.
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others.
Gratitude is the heart's memory.
Gratitude is the sign of noble souls.
Gratitude should always be sincere.
Graudal mathematically combined the results of 167 previous studies to come up with his results. The people in the studies were largely European and North American, although Asians and blacks on low-sodium diets showed a somewhat larger reduction in their blood pressure.
Grave fears are held for Tom's safety.
Gravel flipped up from the car ahead and cracked Tom's windshield.
Gravitational waves are very hard to detect.
Gravity acts on everything in the universe.
Gravity binds the planets to the Sun.
Gravity binds the planets to the sun.
Gravity brings everything down to Earth.
Gravity causes objects to have weight.
Gravity doesn't just exist on Earth. It also affects objects in space.
Gravity is a force of attraction that exists between any two masses, any two bodies, or any two particles.
Gravity is the natural force by which objects are attracted to each other.
Gravity is the only thing keeping me here.
Gravity is what keeps planets in orbit around stars.
Gravity is your friend.
Gravity on the moon is one-sixth of that on the earth.
Gravity pulls things toward the center of the earth.
Gravity stresses the human body.
Gravity wins again!
Gray goes well with red.
Gray hair makes you look older.
Gray is a color intermediate between black and white.
Gray partridge hunting season is from September 16th to October 31st.
Gray squirrels bury nuts, but red squirrels don't.
Gray wolves aren't always gray.
Grayson Heffner, from the Paris-based International Energy Agency, says curbing consumption could significantly cut global carbon emissions. He calls efficiency strategies the “soft giant” of clean energy.
Grazing on the common pasture is forbidden to no one.
Grease the madeleine molds and pour in the batter (but not all the way to the top; the madeleines will rise!)
Grease the waffle maker.
Great Britain consists of Wales, England, and Scotland.
Great Britain has two military bases in Cyprus.
Great Britain has voted to leave the European Union.
Great Britain is a land of gentlemen and horse riding.
Great Britain is no longer in control of world politics.
Great Moravia was a medieval state that was created by the union of the Principalities of Nitra and Moravia.
Great affection united them; in battles, they were always together; and even now they both stood guard at the same door.
Great art makes people feel something.
Great artists are those who impose on humanity their particular illusion.
Great artists have no country.
Great artists have no homeland.
Great as is the sensuous beauty of gems, their rarity and price adds an expression of distinction to them, which they would never have if they were cheap.
Great bait, mate, I rate eight out of eight.
Great boast and small roast.
Great brains have great pains.
Great buildings, like great mountains, are the work of centuries.
Great bulk does not always mean great weight.
Great care has been taken to use only the finest ingredients.
Great care will have to be taken when distributing the communion wafer which will be transferred into the worshipers' hands by a masked celebrant wearing gloves.
Great changes are coming to the world.
Great deeds are not those that make an uproar. The grandiose is accomplished as modestly as the murmur of water, the breathing of air, and the growth of grain.
Great deeds are usually wrought at great risks.
Great deeds can't die.
Great difficulties stand in the way of its achievement.
Great economic complementarity, huge potential for cooperation in various fields, and a strong desire to cooperate open up broad prospects for us for the development of bilateral relations.
Great effort was one factor in his success.
Great expectations.
Great explorers have often braved extreme conditions to map unknown territories.
Great figures don't meet high standards, but rather make their own.
Great figures don’t meet high standards, but rather make their own.
Great fires are born of tiny sparks.
Great geniuses have the shortest biographies.
Great idea.
Great is the power of habit.
Great job on your presentation!
Great job, Tom.
Great job, everyone!
Great jubilation is often followed by bitter disappointment.
Great leaders inspire greatness in others.
Great love is often followed by great suffering.
Great luck doesn't come twice.
Great men are almost always bad men, even when they exercise influence and not authority.
Great men are fond of sensual pleasures.
Great men are like eagles, and build their nest on some lofty solitude.
Great men are not always wise.
Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, small minds discuss people.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
Great minds meet each other.
Great minds think alike, but fools seldom differ.
Great minds think alike.
Great music is that which penetrates the ear with facility and leaves the memory with difficulty. Magical music never leaves the memory.
Great news! My dad was finally discharged from the hospital today.
Great oaks from little acorns grow.
Great pains but all in vain.
Great people are not always wise.
Great possessions cannot exist without injustice; a multitude of words cannot exist without a lie.
Great progress has been made.
Great quantities of wood were chopped, and from the way Joe kept eying the sky, the boys could see that he was afraid the storm would be on them before they could get everything in readiness.
Great question!
Great scholar as he is, he is lacking in common sense.
Great show, wasn't it?
Great silence prevailed.
Great speed is a feature of the Concorde.
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. The mediocre mind is incapable of understanding the man who refuses to bow blindly to conventional prejudices and chooses instead to express his opinions courageously and honestly.
Great spotted kiwis reside in complex, maze-like burrows that they construct.
Great strain was put on Tom and Mary's marriage by the constant meddling of Mary's mother.
Great successes are due to constant efforts.
Great talkers are little doers.
Great thanks for a lovely night.
Great thanks, friends.
Great thoughts are created through intricate details.
Great thoughts come from the heart.
Great timing!
Great was her joy when her son returned back safely.
Great was her surprise when she knew the fact.
Great was our delight when we won the game.
Great was the delight of his parents.
Great was the sorrow of her parents.
Great weather, isn't it?
Great weather, isn’t it?
Great work, Tom!
Great work, girls.
Great work, guys.
Great work, people!
Great works are perfumed not by strength but by perseverance.
Great!
Great! I'll grab my stuff!
Great! I'm over the moon!
Great! Is the apartment bought as a concrete shell, or is it ready to move into?
Great! Let's get together sometime.
Great! Let’s get together sometime.
Great! Now we can have one giant global police state.
Great! The coffee is hot.
Great! We'll go together.
Great! We'll meet at the movie theater.
Great! You'll regret it.
Great, I may have lost my passport.
Great, another baby screaming on the airplane.
Great, isn't it?
Great, isn’t it?
Great, now we all have your disease.
Great, now you've made Tom mad.
Great, thanks.
Great, thanks. How's your health?
Great, the engine's blown. Now how are we going to get to Boston?
Great, today the floor will be spick and span.
Great-Grandma is the undisputed matriarch of our family.
Great.
Great. We're going to get scurvy if we can't get fresh fruits and vegetables.
Great. Where is that?
Great... another day of learning about nondeterministic finite automata.
Greater demand for high-quality coffee has helped drive coffee prices higher.
Greater love hath no man than this.
Greatness has been my calling from the moment I was born.
Greatness is close to madness.
Greatness lies within all of us, though most people fail to see it.
Greaves protect the shins.
Greece achieved independence from the Ottoman Empire in 1830.
Greece and Serbia want to destroy Albania.
Greece can no longer pay off its debts.
Greece cancels the referendum.
Greece has a great history.
Greece has defaulted on its debt.
Greece has made it illegal to take money out of the country.
Greece has many islands.
Greece has many tourist islands.
Greece has two hundred eleven days of sunshine a year.
Greece is a European country.
Greece is a beautiful country.
Greece is a country from Southern Europe.
Greece is a developed country.
Greece is a lovely country.
Greece is an old country.
Greece is associated with tourism.
Greece is bankrupt.
Greece is beautiful.
Greece is called "Hellas" in Greek.
Greece is cancelling the referendum.
Greece is closely associated with tourism.
Greece is famous for goods such as olive oil and wine.
Greece is fantastic.
Greece is full of tourists in the summer.
Greece is gorgeous.
Greece is not alone!
Greece is one of the countries I would most like to visit.
Greece is taking radical measures to prevent a collapse of its financial system.
Greece is the biggest enemy of Albania.
Greece may be a top vacation destination, but for the British, Americans and Italians dreaming of getting away, the country will be off limits for some time.
Greece was the cradle of western civilization.
Greece's prime minister gave a press conference yesterday at the Zappeion Hall.
Greece, conquered, took captive her savage conqueror.
Greece, once conquered, in turn conquered its uncivilized conqueror, and brought the arts to rustic Latium.
Greed and fear of loss are the roots that lead to the tree of evil.
Greed blinds men.
Greed can destroy people's lives.
Greed is a destructive force.
Greed is a powerful motivator for some people.
Greed is a sin.
Greed is always a bad adviser.
Greed is always hungry.
Greed is good.
Greed is not always good.
Greed is one of the seven cardinal sins.
Greed is one of the seven deadly sins.
Greed is powerful but our vision of a world based on economic, social and environmental justice is more powerful.
Greed is the root of all evil.
Greed keeps men forever poor, even the abundance of this world will not make them rich.
Greed keeps men forever poor; even the abundance of this world will not make them rich.
Greed made Tom do that.
Greed makes men blind.
Greed makes people do strange things.
Greed seems to have blinded his good judgement.
Greedy cats are out for a fast buck.
Greedy people always want more stuff.
Greedy people experience a ‘never enough’ mentality.
Greek Cypriot President Nicos Anastasiades and Turkish Cypriot leader Mustafa Akinci agreed to meet in Geneva to discuss the state of the negotiations and to exchange views on how to move forward in the interest of reaching a comprehensive settlement as soon as possible.
Greek and Latin are useful languages, so I'm studying them.
Greek and Latin are useful languages. That's why I study them.
Greek and Latin are useful languages. That’s why I study them.
Greek and Latin poetry avoid hiatus.
Greek banks could soon run out of money.
Greek cooking is interesting.
Greek firefighters on Wednesday grappled with fires razing swathes of forest land on the outskirts of Athens, forcing thousands of residents to evacuate and killing animals from tortoises to horses.
Greek is a difficult language.
Greek is difficult to learn.
Greek is difficult.
Greek is hard to learn.
Greek is more difficult than Latin.
Greek is not an easy language.
Greek is spoken.
Greek philosophers examined ideas that included forms of organic evolution.
Greek philosophers placed value on democracy.
Greek sounds like European Spanish, and Russian sounds like European Portuguese.
Greek statues are almost always naked.
Greek yogurt has a lot of probiotics.
Greeks also eat a lot of fish.
Greeks are good cooks.
Greeks often eat fish, too.
Green Gables lay in a pool of sunshine, flecked with the dancing shadows of poplar and willow.
Green and black tea come from the same plant, known as Camellia sinensis. But black tea is processed in a way that allows it to quickly oxidize, meaning that it usually has much lower levels of those precious catechins that Dr. Hara and other researchers rave about.
Green beans add color to the dish.
Green does not go well with purple.
Green doesn't go with red.
Green doesn’t go with red.
Green eggs are an abomination.
Green energy is renewable energy.
Green fields and spring sunshine - in the future, that is the image Germans will increasingly have to associate with Christmas.
Green is associated with grass.
Green is my favorite color.
Green is my favourite colour.
Green is the color of hope.
Green is the color of lima beans.
Green is the color of money.
Green is the colour of hope.
Green leaves are coming out little by little.
Green leaves in a park are pleasing to the eye.
Green light... Red light!
Green looks good on Alice.
Green papaya salad is delicious.
Green parties are gaining strength, but not everywhere.
Green peas are high in iron and contain nutrients that improve the colour of fingernails.
Green plants can make their own food.
Green plants carry out photosynthesis.
Green slime oozed out the pipe.
Green stands for hope.
Green suits Alice.
Green suits you very well.
Green suits you.
Green tea gets a good review in the Journal of Periodontology. The March issue includes a study which analyzed a number of lifestyle factors for 940 middle-age Japanese men, including tooth brushing, smoking and green tea consumption. It found that participants who drank green tea had less periodontitis or gum disease. Periodontitis is a chronic inflammatory disease that affects the gums and bone supporting the teeth. It's caused by bacteria in the mouth and is made worse by poor oral hygiene.
Green tea goes right through me.
Green tea is said to have great properties.
Green tea undergoes minimal oxidation, preserving its natural green color.
Green tints prevail in the upholstery.
Green towns enhance your well-being, compelling you to give back.
Green vegetation is on the decrease on Earth.
Green water is not good for drinking.
Green water is not good to drink.
Green woodpeckers love ants.
Green, yellow and dark blue are the colors of the Brazilian flag.
Green, yellow, and red peppers are all the same species. The color of the pepper depends on how long it is allowed to grow on the plant.
Green.
Greenhouse gas emissions from human activities are the only factors that can account for the observed warming over the last century; there are no credible alternative human or natural explanations supported by the observational evidence.
Greenhouse gas emissions from human activities will continue to affect Earth’s climate for decades and even centuries.
Greenland became Danish in 1814, and was fully integrated in the Danish state in 1953.
Greenland has an area of 2,166,086 km².
Greenland is an autonomous Danish territory, located between the North Atlantic and Arctic oceans, east of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago.
Greenland is not for sale.
Greenland is politically and culturally associated with Europe but the majority of its residents are Inuit, whose ancestors began migrating from the Canadian mainland in the 13th century.
Greenland is the world's largest island.
Greenland remains a member of the Overseas Countries and Territories Association of the EU.
Greenland's capital is Nuuk.
Greenland's melting is accelerating. By itself, the full melting of that country's ice sheet could increase sea levels by over six metres.
Greenland's meltwater rivers flow down into giant holes in the ice, called moulins, which drain through tunnels in the ice sheet and out into the ocean.
Greenland, the world's largest island, is about 79% ice-capped.
Greenlandic is spoken by approximately fifty-seven thousand people.
Greenness is good for any city.
Greenpeace is fighting an uphill battle to save the environment.
Greens and vegetables grow in gardens, such as lettuce, cabbage, onions, garlic, gourd, parsnip, turnip, radish, horse radish, parsley, cucumbers and pumpkin.
Greenwich Village is a place which especially attracts the young.
Greet attendees with a charming smile.
Greet clients with a smile.
Greet death with a smile.
Greet her, if you see her!
Greet him with a warm smile.
Greet someone every time you meet them.
Greetings and may your morning be serene!
Greetings and salutations!
Greetings are important.
Greetings are the basis of good manners.
Greetings for every person who will read this letter.
Greetings from Algeria.
Greetings from Brazil!
Greetings from Cornwall!
Greetings from France!
Greetings from Mexico.
Greetings from the family.
Greetings to you from Algeria.
Greetings to you from sunny Algeria.
Greetings to you from sunny Algiers.
Greetings to you who come to Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia of education in Greek.
Greetings to you.
Greetings!
Greetings, friends!
Greetings, old friend!
Greetings, privateer.
Greetings, sire. The desert awaits you.
Greetings, stranger.
Greetings, traveler! I don't believe we've met before, have we?
Greetings.
Greg and I, both Filipinos, talk at the Lulu Island café this morning of the 20th of August of 2022. I tell him of my visit to the dried mango factory estate owned by my friend's relatives in Cebu, Philippines. There was a big house near the expanses of the dried mango factory. There was a games house. The auntie looked like an affable Chinese Hispanic. My friends and I ate mangoes every day. I tell Greg of my stay in Japan, where I frequently took the trains and subways. He mentions "bullet trains." I tell him that the PRC now has bullet trains. I tell him of Spanish-looking classmates with very long full names in my private school of La Salle Green Hills in Metro Manila. My classmate Julio lived in a big Spanish-style mansion with a garden driveway through the middle front. That look inspired my childhood dream that I told my mother about a "big house on a lot with a highway in the middle on an island." Oh, maybe, it was from James Bond.
Greg had a lot of stuff on his mind.
Greg has the grace of a swan, the wisdom of an owl, and the eye of an eagle. Ladies and gentlemen, this man is for the birds!
Greg the pastor asks, "What are you reading?" Nonong answers, "Do you know Le Guin? She’s a fantasy writer."
Greg, with his shaved head and monochrome beige outfit, might indeed carry a hint of Chabacano—not only in hue ("chabacano" can mean tawdry or gaudy in Spanish, but also refers to a Philippine creole rich in cultural blending), but perhaps also in the way he casually blends cultures himself: a white man dreaming of a Bed & Breakfast in Ainu country, with a Japanese wife, and a fondness for understated simplicity. Beige shorts and T-shirt—earth-toned, like compost and bamboo stalks.
Gregson rubbed his hands in a self-satisfied way.
Greifswald is in Western Pomerania.
Grennan found the translation of Leopardi very difficult.
Greta Garbo was a Swedish actress.
Greta Garbo was one of the great stars of the silent era.
Greta Thunberg called on world leaders to do more for the environment.
Greta Thunberg is a climate activist.
Greta Thunberg reached the age when nobody cares what she says.
Greta Thunberg sailed across the ocean.
Greta chugged the beer in one gulp.
Greta downed the beer in one draught.
Greta downed the beer in one gulp.
Greta downed the beer in one swig.
Greta downed the beer in one.
Greta is Lithuanian.
Greta is going to the embassy.
Greta is walking to the Embassy.
Greta was right again.
Gretchen caught Walter checking out her butt.
Grew up living on a farm.
Grey clouds are covering the sky.
Grey clouds cover the sky.
Grey clouds obscure the sky.
Grey goes well with red.
Grey is rampant.
Grey translations are indirect translations. In other words, they are translations of the translations, and not translations of the main sentence (the main sentence is the sentence in big letters).
Greyhounds have higher levels of red blood cells than other breeds.
Gridlock occurs when cars block intersections.
Grief can mess you up if you're not careful.
Grief drove her mad.
Grief has a beginning, but no end.
Grief has silvered her hair.
Grief is an unfortunate part of life.
Grief is not linear or predictable.
Grief is one of the worst forms of suffering.
Grief is powerful.
Grief makes one hour ten!
Grief on the face is better than the stain in the heart.
Grieg composed for the piano, voice, violin, and for the orchestra.
Grieg studied at the Leipzig Conservatory.
Grieg was born June 15, 1843, near Bergen, Norway.
Grieg wrote music to Ibsen's Peer Gynt, at the poet's request.
Grilled fish tastes better than grilled pork.
Grilling prohibited here.
Grim horror seized me, and aghast I stood.
Grin and bear it!
Grind the cloves in a pepper mill or mortar.
Grind this coffee very fine.
Grinding coffee beans makes me think of all the things I haven't accomplished in life.
Gringos aren't our friends.
Grinning, Tom gave Grandad the cue for one of his stories. With Nan and Mary both throwing their heads back and letting out a sigh, Grandad seized his chance.
Grinny is a dialectal American English term for a chipmunk.
Grip tighter.
Griselda fell from the roof.
Grisha got in and the globe started to elevate smoothly.
Grisha really loves math and devotes all his time to it.
Grisha usually repaired his car in this place.
Grishkin is nice: her Russian eye is underlined for emphasis; uncorseted, her friendly bust gives promise of pneumatic bliss.
Griswold was a whoremonger, and his wife knew it.
Grit in a sensitive instrument, or a crack in one of his own high-power lenses, would not be more disturbing than a strong emotion in a nature such as his.
Grit your teeth and bear it!
Grit your teeth and keep working on the wretched painting.
Grizzly bears are massive, aggressive, and intimidating.
Grizzly bears are usually loners.
Grizzly bears can be a deadly threat.
Grizzly bears can be extremely aggressive.
Grizzly bears can kill people.
Grizzly bears eat up to two hundred species of plants.
Groaning strangely she is hurling her overflowing passion onto the canvas!
Grocer's itch is an allergic reaction to mites that live on dried fruit, grains, cheese, and other dried foods.
Grocery bills are big.
Grody to the max.
Groenings is a Low German language.
Groin injuries can be quite painful.
Groningen used to be very boggy.
Groningen used to be very marshy.
Groningen's new museum is a famous work of modern architecture: a building in complete harmony with its natural environment.
Gronings is so difficult.
Grooming in primates increases group cohesion.
Gross National Product is not the same as Net National Product.
Gross national product is a nation's total output of goods and services as measured in monetary value.
Gross national product is a nation's total output of goods and services during a given period of time as measured in monetary value.
Gross national product is a nation’s total output of goods and services as measured in monetary value.
Gross national product is a nation’s total output of goods and services during a given period of time as measured in monetary value.
Gross!
Gross! Get away from me!
Gross.
Ground beef is ideal for burgers.
Ground hornbills are entirely carnivorous.
Ground hornbills kill snakes.
Grounding and other bog-standard punishments didn't get through to his son at all.
Grounding and other bog-standard punishments didn’t get through to his son at all.
Group sex!
Group the words according to meaning.
Group them all there.
Groups are a good way to share an interest with a small community or the whole world.
Groups are a good way to share an interest with either a small community or the whole world.
Groups of connected stones can have different shapes and sizes. They are the "pieces" used by players in the practice of Go.
Groups of excursionists, arrayed in unattractive traveling costumes, were moping about in a drizzling rain and looking as droopy and woebegone as so many molting chickens.
Groups of women clad in flowing black abayas smiled and waved as they passed on their way to the voting centers.
Groups with seven or more points of territory can usually form two eyes when attacked unless there are structural weaknesses.
Grouse feed on the young shoots of heather.
Grow a pair.
Grow cucumbers and make good use of them.
Grow some balls.
Grow up a little.
Grow up and act your age!
Grow up!
Grow up, Joe.
Grow up, Tom.
Grow your business at your own pace.
Grow your career.
Growing a garden here is practically impossible because of the abundance of gophers.
Growing centrist sentiment threatens to upset America's traditional two-party system.
Growing centrist sentiment threatens to upset America’s traditional two-party system.
Growing centrist sentiment threatens to upset the United States traditional two-party system.
Growing children should not always be handled with kid gloves.
Growing militarism in some countries puts world peace in danger.
Growing old is mandatory. Growing up is optional.
Growing older does not mean for me turning towards Christianity. I have been an Animist-Buddhist since childhood, and I will be so until my death.
Growing rice requires a lot of water.
Growing sales gave support to the idea that all was well.
Growing seasons are lengthening.
Growing this thick mustache has taken me quite a while.
Growing threats imperil life in the world’s oceans and seas. Scientists say warming waters endanger young and unborn fish more than previously thought while a newly discovered species of seaweed suffocates life in Pacific waters.
Growing tomatoes is very difficult.
Growing up as a kid, Ziri always knew he wanted to help people.
Growing up as a prepubescent in the Philippines, I read a lot of American-style comics, which fortified my liking for science fiction. I remember stories about an abandoned Martian civilization, the Green Lantern superhero, The Incredible Hulk, and many more.
Growing up as a queer kid, I had no support whatsoever from school, from teachers, or from most other kids, and I felt isolated and fundamentally bad. I'm glad things have changed, but disgusted by the reactionary movement that has risen up against the practice of supporting and affirming queer kids.
Growing up comes with many questions and feelings.
Growing up in Tigzirt, Ziri had a happy childhood.
Growing up in the Philippines in the 1970s, I habitually watched the television show Sesame Street, and more than one episode mentioned "nectarines," which were fruits unknown to me in the tropics then.
Growing up was exciting.
Growing up with Ziri was an absolute nightmare.
Growing up with one religion is hard enough; why learn a new one?
Growing up, Alberto always had a babysitter during the week.
Growing up, Gabor didn't have many friends.
Growing up, I lived in a forested area of Algiers.
Growing up, I lived in a heavily forested area near Algiers.
Growing up, I often felt like an outsider at home.
Growing up, I spent hours of my life stamping letters.
Growing up, Michael moved around a lot because his parents were in the military.
Growing up, Roseanne Barr lived half her life as a Mormon.
Growing up, Ziri avoided talking to girls his age.
Growing up, Ziri got whatever he wanted.
Growing up, Ziri thought he had the best dad in the world.
Growing up, Ziri was much more interested in soccer.
Growing up, Ziri was never around for Rima.
Growing up, Ziri wasn't a very social person.
Growing up, he was a fairly normal Algerian boy.
Growing up, he was painfully shy.
Growing up, he was so shy.
Growing up, he was so skinny.
Growing up, it was just me and Dad.
Growing up, my dad's spinach lasagna was on weekly rotation at our dinner table.
Grown men don't scream when they see cockroaches or spiders.
Grown-ups love figures.
Grownups are funny sometimes.
Grownups sometimes make mistakes.
Growth comes from facing my shortcomings.
Growth comes from learning.
Growth continued steadily.
Growth for growth's sake is the ideology of the cancer cell.
Growth forecasts for developing countries for those two years are 5.2 percent and 5.4 percent respectively.
Growth is important.
Growth mindset is becoming increasingly more prevalent in schools.
Growth slowed to an estimated 1.4% in 2017.
Grr! Avoid not, unwelcome evil and cowardly beast!
Grr! I'm itchy all over, and it's driving me crazy.
Grub time!
Grub's up!
Grumpy suffered from insomnia, that's why he was always in a bad mood.
Gruyere is a Swiss cheese, but it doesn't have any holes in it.
Grytviken, on South Georgia, was a 19th and early 20th-century whaling station.
Guacamole is a dip made from avocados.
Guacamole is made with mashed avocado.
Guangdong summers are long.
Guantanamo is a brutal place.
Guantanamo is a ruthless place.
Guantanamo is one of the world's toughest prisons.
Guantanamo is owned by none other than the United States of America.
Guantanamo is the epitome of human rights violation.
Guantanamo prisoners who go on hunger strikers are force-fed.
Guarani is one of the two official languages of Paraguay.
Guard against accidents.
Guard against the danger of fire.
Guard duty is boring.
Guard them.
Guard what has been given to you.
Guard your heart with all caution, because from it spring the sources of life.
Guard your personal data like treasure.
Guard your spirit.
Guard yourself against accusations, even if they are false; for the multitude are ignorant of the truth and look only to reputation.
Guards are patrolling around the perimeter of the base.
Guards are stationed 'round the clock at the Imperial Palace in Tokyo.
Guards are stationed ’round the clock at the Imperial Palace in Tokyo.
Guards arrived and tasered Ziri.
Guards could hear everything they said.
Guatemala City is the capital of Guatemala.
Guatemala was once qualified as a banana republic.
Gubadia, chak-chak, qistibi, and uchpuchmak are magnificent Tatar dishes.
Guellid lives in Tamanrasset, in Ahaggar.
Guenons are not cats.
Guernica is a famous painting by Pablo Picasso produced between May and June 1937. Its title refers to the aerial bombing of the town of Guernica on 26 April that same year during the Spanish civil war.
Guernsey has a lot of seagulls.
Guerra had a grapevine, and Parra had a dog, and Parra's dog bit Guerra's grapevine, so Guerra beat Parra's dog with a club. —Tell me, Mister Guerra: Why have you beaten the dog with your club? —Because if Parra's dog hadn't bitten Guerra's grapevine, Guerra wouldn't have beaten Parra's dog with the club.
Guerrilla gardening is gardening on another person's land without permission.
Guess I'll die.
Guess I'll never know.
Guess I’ll have another round.
Guess again.
Guess how I heard about this.
Guess how much I spent!
Guess how much I weigh.
Guess how much it cost me.
Guess how much that cost me.
Guess how much weight I've gained.
Guess how much weight I've lost.
Guess how old I am.
Guess how tall I am.
Guess it's time to go.
Guess my riddle!
Guess the missing word.
Guess the riddle. An old woman with one tooth, summons everybody. The bell.
Guess there will be school tomorrow too?
Guess what I ate for breakfast.
Guess what I ate for dinner last night.
Guess what I ate for dinner last night. Popcorn.
Guess what I bought today.
Guess what I brought today.
Guess what I did last night.
Guess what I did yesterday.
Guess what I found in the washing machine!
Guess what I found on the beach.
Guess what I found.
Guess what I got for Christmas.
Guess what I had for breakfast.
Guess what I have in my hand.
Guess what I just found out.
Guess what I like.
Guess what I saw this morning.
Guess what I want to do now.
Guess what I want to do.
Guess what I want to talk about.
Guess what I want.
Guess what I was just thinking.
Guess what I was thinking.
Guess what I wished for.
Guess what I wrote.
Guess what I'll draw?
Guess what I'm doing!
Guess what I'm doing.
Guess what I'm holding in my hand.
Guess what I've got for you.
Guess what I've got in my hand.
Guess what I've got.
Guess what Tom and I are doing tonight.
Guess what Tom ate.
Guess what Tom bought for us.
Guess what Tom bought us.
Guess what Tom bought.
Guess what Tom broke.
Guess what Tom brought you.
Guess what Tom did yesterday.
Guess what Tom did.
Guess what Tom does for a living.
Guess what Tom drank.
Guess what Tom found.
Guess what Tom gave Mary.
Guess what Tom got me.
Guess what Tom just said.
Guess what Tom said.
Guess what Tom usually has for breakfast.
Guess what Tom will do.
Guess what card this is.
Guess what color it is.
Guess what colour.
Guess what comes next.
Guess what else I found out.
Guess what else I found.
Guess what else I saw.
Guess what else Tom did.
Guess what else Tom said.
Guess what else happened.
Guess what happened next.
Guess what happened to me!
Guess what happened to me.
Guess what happened.
Guess what he told me.
Guess what his name is.
Guess what just happened.
Guess what language I'm speaking.
Guess what movie is on TV tonight.
Guess what that cost me.
Guess what that is.
Guess what the managing director started off the meeting by saying. The first thing out of his mouth was an announcement of some major restructuring.
Guess what they got! A bowler hat for him and leather boots for her!
Guess what this Berber word means.
Guess what this is about.
Guess what this is.
Guess what we're going to have for dinner.
Guess what!
Guess what! I'm going to New Zealand to study.
Guess what! I’m going to New Zealand to study.
Guess what's for dinner.
Guess what's going to happen if you unplug that wire.
Guess what's in my pocket.
Guess what's in my wallet.
Guess what's in this box.
Guess what's on my mind.
Guess what, they got the wrong bus!
Guess what.
Guess what? I've been accepted into university!
Guess what? I've got a place at uni!
Guess what? I've got into university!
Guess what? Tom and Mary broke up.
Guess where I am now.
Guess where I am right now.
Guess where I am.
Guess where I found this.
Guess where I'm calling from.
Guess where I've been!
Guess where I've been.
Guess where I’ve been.
Guess where Ziri lives.
Guess where they come from.
Guess where they're from.
Guess which is my favorite.
Guess which is which.
Guess which one is the important one.
Guess who I am.
Guess who I came across in town the other day? Your ex.
Guess who I met today!
Guess who I met today.
Guess who I ran into today.
Guess who I saw at the gas station.
Guess who I saw last week.
Guess who I saw today.
Guess who I saw yesterday.
Guess who Tom bet on?
Guess who Tom called last week.
Guess who Tom got married to.
Guess who Tom went out with last week.
Guess who Tom's French teacher was?
Guess who Tom's caseworker was?
Guess who Tom's father is?
Guess who bought one of those copies.
Guess who else moved to Boston.
Guess who has written to me!
Guess who has written to me.
Guess who it is?
Guess who just got back today.
Guess who just got into Harvard?
Guess who my teacher was for sixth grade.
Guess who owns that house.
Guess who that house belongs to.
Guess who this letter is from.
Guess who this letter's from.
Guess who was here.
Guess who won.
Guess who wrote me.
Guess who's behind you.
Guess who's coming for dinner tonight.
Guess who's coming for dinner.
Guess who's coming to Trinidad next week.
Guess who's coming to dinner tonight.
Guess who's coming to lunch.
Guess who's coming tonight.
Guess who's paying for it.
Guess who's written to me!
Guess who's written to me.
Guess who?
Guess whose birthday is today!
Guess whose birthday it is today.
Guess whose boyfriend that is.
Guess whose car this is.
Guess whose children they are.
Guess whose house it is.
Guess whose middle name is Tom.
Guess who’s coming tonight.
Guess why I'm mad at you.
Guess!
Guess, what Tom wants.
Guess.
Guessing won't get you anywhere.
Guesstimate if you have to.
Guest: "There's a hair in my soup." Waiter: "Looks more like a rabbit to me."
Guests always bring delight; if it is not when coming, then it is when leaving.
Guests are like fish - after three days they stink.
Guests arrived by twos and threes.
Guests arrived in the evening.
Guests began arriving a little after 2:30.
Guests came to us.
Guests can enjoy appetizers at the kitchen island.
Guests had strawberry cheesecake for dessert.
Guests mingled at the wedding reception.
Guglielmo is the best student I know. He learns instantly and has a phenomenal memory.
Guidance on measures to support businesses and alleviate effects due to the coronavirus (COVID-19).
Guide dogs help blind people.
Guide me.
Guide the sheep towards the pasture.
Guide us to the straight path – the path of those upon whom You have bestowed favor, not of those who have evoked Your anger or of those who are astray.
Guide us to the straight way.
Guided by lasting and simple moral values, we have emerged idealists without illusions, realists who still know the old dreams of justice and liberty, of country and of community.
Guided by the star, they reached the island.
Guided walks and cycling tours are offered as well, of course.
Guidelines are there for a reason.
Guilds were an important part of society in the Middle Ages.
Guilherme is from Brazil. He is Brazilian.
Guilin's sceneries are the most beautiful ones under the heaven.
Guilin’s sceneries are the most beautiful ones under the heaven.
Guillaume has brought me this book.
Guillaume le Conquérant conquered l'Angleterre in 1066.
Guillemots and puffins live in the same areas.
Guillermo couldn't find the site on his own, so Cara sent him the exact web address.
Guilt ate Yanni alive.
Guilt is written all over your face.
Guilt-ridden after the loss of his child, Dheeraj attempted suicide.
Guiltware is a piece of freeware decorated with a message telling one how long and hard the author worked on it and intimating that one is a no-good freeloader if one does not immediately send the poor suffering martyr gobs of money.
Guilty as charged.
Guinea has vast reserves of bauxite and iron ore; however, foreign companies, not the country’s citizens, have largely benefited from the exploitation of those non-renewable resources.
Guinea is called "Guinée" in French.
Guinea pigs and pigs don't have anything in common.
Guinea pigs are cute.
Guinea pigs are not swine.
Guinea pigs are popular pets.
Guinea pigs are social animals.
Guinea pigs aren't pigs at all.
Guinea pigs can die of loneliness.
Guinea pigs have different hair colours. It's silly for humans to worry about hair colour. Humans are like guinea pigs and other animals.
Guinea pigs too purr when they're happy.
Guinea sends experts to help DRC combat the virus, reciprocating after earlier West African outbreak.
Guinevere was King Arthur's wife.
Guinness is my favorite beer.
Guinness is the finest of beers.
Guinness, a brewer, compiled a book of facts and figures that became a perennial bestseller.
Guitar bands are on their way out.
Guitar was the instrument that allowed him to express his emotions in a sincere and profound manner.
Guiñol is a puppet show, especially aimed at children, which nowadays is seldom seen.
Gujarati is very similar to my native Marathi.
Gujari is spoken in India, Pakistan, and Afghanistan.
Gujari isn't the same language as Gujarati.
Gulab jamuns, jalebis, and kachoris.
Gulf nations are constantly menaced by war.
Gullah is an English-based creole language spoken by a community of Black Americans on the coast and islands of South Carolina and Georgia.
Gulliver made his journey in search of an adventure.
Gulliver traveled in quest of adventure.
Gulliver's Travels was written by a famous English writer.
Gulliver’s Travels was written by a famous English writer.
Gulls are able to foresee a storm long before its appearance.
Gulls flew over the sea.
Gulls have strong and fairly long beaks.
Gulls were flying above the sea.
Gulp! The food is delicious, but I'm afraid of how expensive it's going to be.
Gum got stuck to the bottom of my shoe.
Gummy bears are cute.
Gun battles are raging inside the Israeli settlement of Sderot.
Gun collecting is a poor companion to child rearing.
Gun makers have been able to escape responsibility for firearm violence.
Gun violence is another crucial issue for Gen Zers.
Gun worship is the religion which requires the continuing sacrifice of other people’s children.
Gunma Prefecture's capital is Maebashi City.
Gunners, prepare to fire.
Gunpowder needs to be handled very carefully.
Guns are illegal here.
Guns are important for self-defense. That's all I see them as.
Guns are rarely seen in Norway.
Guns are readily accessible to Americans.
Guns are the most-used murder weapons, accounting for four out of ten deaths worldwide.
Guns can be life-savers when used properly.
Guns can save your life.
Guns don't kill men.
Guns don't kill people, people with guns do.
Guns don't kill people. People kill people.
Guns don’t kill people. People kill people.
Guns kill more people than they save.
Guns save more people than they kill.
Guns should be banned.
Guns should be stored unloaded and locked up.
Guns, knives and baseball bats were used in the attack.
Gunshot residue was found on Dan's hands.
Gunshot residue was found on Tom's hands.
Gunter accepted Amelia's offer.
Gunter accepted Rima’s challenge.
Gunter accepted his fate to be changed into a cyborg.
Gunter accepted his fate.
Gunter accepted the call and put the phone up to his ear.
Gunter accidentally dropped the flashlight.
Gunter accidentally ended up killing Rima.
Gunter accompanied Amelia outside.
Gunter accused Rima of cutting up his clothes.
Gunter accused Rima of infecting many of her co-workers with Covid-19.
Gunter acted casually.
Gunter activated the hologram.
Gunter activated the machine.
Gunter activated the weapon.
Gunter advised Rima to forget Walid.
Gunter agreed to go back to Earth.
Gunter aimed the gun at the helicopter.
Gunter allowed Rima to beat him.
Gunter allowed Rima to escape.
Gunter almost caused a car accident.
Gunter almost died.
Gunter almost fell over when he saw Rima there.
Gunter already knew Amelia was home.
Gunter also brought his shotgun.
Gunter also disappeared.
Gunter also had an accident.
Gunter also has mild dementia.
Gunter also volunteered.
Gunter always comes back.
Gunter always keeps a few guns upstairs.
Gunter always left the shower curtain pulled open.
Gunter always made the kids call him "Uncle Dan."
Gunter always wore sunglasses.
Gunter and Amelia are both shorter than Walid.
Gunter and Amelia are closer in age than I am with them.
Gunter and Amelia continued their date.
Gunter and Amelia had dinner together in the dining hall.
Gunter and Amelia have been together for roughly five years.
Gunter and Amelia just kept talking and enjoying the ambiance.
Gunter and Amelia looked at each other and smirked.
Gunter and Amelia looked at each other with wide eyes.
Gunter and Amelia looked at each other, puzzled.
Gunter and Amelia officially started dating.
Gunter and Amelia rented an apartment together.
Gunter and Amelia went snowboarding for the first time together.
Gunter and Amelia were doing resort activities.
Gunter and Amelia were having beers together.
Gunter and Amelia were playing Street Fighter together.
Gunter and Amelia were playing different games.
Gunter and Amelia worked the same job.
Gunter and John had a father-son type of relationship.
Gunter and Rima are arguing.
Gunter and Rima are leaving together tomorrow.
Gunter and Rima argued about what they should do with the girl.
Gunter and Rima became enemies.
Gunter and Rima comforted each other.
Gunter and Rima continued their conversation.
Gunter and Rima danced to waltz.
Gunter and Rima discussed the matter.
Gunter and Rima discussed the recent events.
Gunter and Rima ended their argument.
Gunter and Rima exchanged some shots.
Gunter and Rima got into an argument about work.
Gunter and Rima got married after she graduated.
Gunter and Rima have the same amount of time.
Gunter and Rima haven’t been together in a while.
Gunter and Rima hung out all the time.
Gunter and Rima met at the cafe.
Gunter and Rima moved to Algiers to fix their family problems.
Gunter and Rima played hide and seek the last they visited the manor.
Gunter and Rima prepared for battle.
Gunter and Rima shared about each other’s past.
Gunter and Rima speak the same language.
Gunter and Rima talked about what happened the night before.
Gunter and Rima talked about what happened the previous night.
Gunter and Rima talked in unison.
Gunter and Rima teamed up to search for help.
Gunter and Rima trained every day.
Gunter and Rima were arguing in the garden.
Gunter and Rima were having a private erotic moment.
Gunter and Rima were inches apart.
Gunter and Rima were kissing goodbye.
Gunter and his friends were taking a group photo.
Gunter and his friends were very stupid when they were teenagers.
Gunter and his men all died during the shootout.
Gunter and his minions bullied the old inmate.
Gunter and his siblings went to their respective rooms.
Gunter and the crew members have been having continuous meetings today.
Gunter and the other kids wanted to play their own games in the woods.
Gunter angered Rima.
Gunter announced that he gave up.
Gunter appeared nauseous.
Gunter appeared on TV with a beaming smile.
Gunter appeared out of nowhere.
Gunter appeared to be fascinated by Rima.
Gunter approached Rima after the funeral.
Gunter approached the creature.
Gunter approached the monument.
Gunter approached the storm.
Gunter armed himself with guns before moving forward.
Gunter arrived and apprehended Rima.
Gunter arrived and extinguished the fire.
Gunter arrived at his new home.
Gunter arrived at school.
Gunter arrived at the devastated site of Hiroshima.
Gunter arrived at the ghetto.
Gunter arrived at the scene.
Gunter asked Amelia if she was OK.
Gunter asked Amelia to call him back.
Gunter asked Amelia to clean the kiss mark off.
Gunter asked Amelia to reread the address.
Gunter asked Amelia why she kissed the door.
Gunter asked Amelia why she was being so quiet.
Gunter asked Rima about how to find his daughter.
Gunter asked Rima about why she didn’t inquire about Walid.
Gunter asked Rima if her relationship was happy.
Gunter asked Rima if she smelt something.
Gunter asked Rima if she was willing to save Walid.
Gunter asked Rima not to go.
Gunter asked Rima to come over to his house immediately.
Gunter asked Rima to drop her weapon and she complied.
Gunter asked Rima to lock the doors.
Gunter asked Rima to reveal how she got so powerful.
Gunter asked Rima what her true intentions were.
Gunter asked Rima what motivated her to kill Walid.
Gunter asked Rima what was her favorite soccer team.
Gunter asked Rima why she investigated that suicide.
Gunter asked Rima why she needed such a machine.
Gunter asked a linguist to translate the Berber message for him.
Gunter asked a prisoner to bury Walid.
Gunter asked about how he could stop the virus.
Gunter asked about the weapon.
Gunter asked for a minute.
Gunter asked if Rima had something to do with the heist.
Gunter asked quietly what was going on.
Gunter asked the alien why they wanted to destroy the Earth.
Gunter asked the housekeeper to look after Rima.
Gunter asked the voice who they were.
Gunter asked what Rima planned to do.
Gunter asked where the weapon came from.
Gunter asked who that was.
Gunter assassinated Rima.
Gunter assured Rima that Walid would be OK.
Gunter assured Rima that he could do it again.
Gunter assured Rima that he could fix the machine.
Gunter assured Rima that he wouldn’t do anything stupid.
Gunter ate gourmet food.
Gunter attacked Rima in her home.
Gunter attacked Rima next.
Gunter attacked Rima on stage.
Gunter attacked the soldiers to leave no witnesses.
Gunter attacked the warden.
Gunter attempted to arrest Rima.
Gunter attempted to assassinate Rima.
Gunter attempted to call Rima.
Gunter attempted to communicate.
Gunter attempted to restart the ship.
Gunter attempted to ride the bus.
Gunter attempted to write messages to Rima.
Gunter attended an event hosted by Rima.
Gunter attended the Algiers book club.
Gunter attended the church.
Gunter avoided the bullets.
Gunter battled his way against the harsh environment.
Gunter beat Amelia's highest score.
Gunter became a star on TikTok.
Gunter began to hear sirens.
Gunter believed in miracles.
Gunter bought a couple snacks.
Gunter bought some chips.
Gunter bought some pasta.
Gunter broke into Amelia's house from the backyard.
Gunter brought along five million dinars in cash.
Gunter brought the boxes inside the house.
Gunter browsed a list of missing people in the area.
Gunter burst into Amelia's room seconds later.
Gunter called Amelia over, but she stayed put.
Gunter called his dad one more time.
Gunter called his mom's cell number.
Gunter called his parents and explained the situation.
Gunter called one more time.
Gunter called the phone provider the next day to trace the call, but they couldn't.
Gunter called the theater.
Gunter came and took Amelia to his house to live with him.
Gunter came back outside and said the house was empty.
Gunter came here to get some peace and quiet.
Gunter came home, worried sick.
Gunter came in to find Amelia passed out on the floor.
Gunter came looking for answers.
Gunter came over on a stormy Thursday night.
Gunter came to check on Amelia every night.
Gunter can never remember Amelia's horrifying screams.
Gunter can see the building from where he is.
Gunter can show Amelia his office.
Gunter can't go on like this.
Gunter can't remember the last Sunday he didn't go to church.
Gunter can't walk to the doctor's.
Gunter carried Amelia out of the room.
Gunter carried Amelia to her bedroom.
Gunter chased Amelia like a mad dog.
Gunter cheated on Amelia in revenge.
Gunter checked his windows that night.
Gunter checked under his bed.
Gunter chose to do the drive at night to avoid traffic.
Gunter claimed to be lost.
Gunter climbed down the little ladder.
Gunter climbed up on a chair to see what was there.
Gunter continued to do some research.
Gunter continued to drink some wine as he watched one of his favorite movies.
Gunter cooked some of the food he packed for dinner.
Gunter could barely reach that spot with his hands.
Gunter could feel cold air on his face.
Gunter could have sworn he heard that noise again.
Gunter couldn't even tell if it was a man or a woman.
Gunter couldn't keep pretending to be asleep.
Gunter couldn't see his mom.
Gunter couldn't see the lights of the rescuers anywhere.
Gunter couldn't tell if the tracks in the snow were left by humans or animals.
Gunter crawled into the closet.
Gunter cut through the woods.
Gunter decided not to call the cops.
Gunter decided to check the place out.
Gunter decided to finish his beer before he took off.
Gunter decided to get up and leave.
Gunter decided to go exploring the woods.
Gunter decided to go to an arcade.
Gunter decided to watch some Netflix.
Gunter did his best to keep Amelia awake.
Gunter did nothing but talk about the church.
Gunter did that at least five times a day.
Gunter didn't even move.
Gunter didn't even reply to the text message.
Gunter didn't feel safe sleeping there that night.
Gunter didn't get along with Amelia.
Gunter didn't hear the shower running.
Gunter didn't like it when Amelia played in the yard.
Gunter didn't like the idea of Amelia being out alone in the blizzard.
Gunter didn't lock the door again.
Gunter didn't pay it too much mind.
Gunter didn't really let that bother him.
Gunter didn't see Amelia and John anymore.
Gunter didn't see anything else.
Gunter didn't see anything, nor anyone.
Gunter didn't understand how Amelia couldn't hear him.
Gunter didn't want Amelia to come into his office.
Gunter didn't want to admit how freaked out he was.
Gunter didn't want to be invasive.
Gunter dissolved into the ground.
Gunter does college online.
Gunter doesn't care if anyone judges him.
Gunter doesn't know what he saw in those woods.
Gunter doesn't know why he fainted.
Gunter doesn't see himself living in the middle of Djelfa all his life.
Gunter drew a heart on Amelia's fogged up window.
Gunter dropped his bag.
Gunter drove Amelia to the cemetery.
Gunter drove away as fast as he could.
Gunter drove back onto the dirt road.
Gunter drove home in a panic, his heart racing.
Gunter drove off the grass and back onto the road.
Gunter drove over to the front gate to shut it.
Gunter drove that narrow trail.
Gunter drove to a sketchy-looking area.
Gunter drove to the closest gas station.
Gunter enjoyed listening to storms while lying in his bed.
Gunter entered the office with great curiosity.
Gunter erupted at the door, covered in blood.
Gunter escaped the hospital the next morning.
Gunter faked an illness.
Gunter fell asleep during the second movie he watched.
Gunter fell asleep pretty easily that night because he was drunk.
Gunter felt a cold sensation near him.
Gunter felt a little tingle in his stomach out of shock.
Gunter finally scared the jackals off.
Gunter finished cleaning the kitchen.
Gunter finished the prayer.
Gunter fired another round into the air.
Gunter fired another shot into the air.
Gunter fired five rounds into the air.
Gunter fired off a shot to silence the dogs.
Gunter fired off a shot.
Gunter flicked the light switch.
Gunter focused on the road as best he could.
Gunter followed Amelia outside to the neighbor's house.
Gunter forgot this at Amelia's house.
Gunter found a kissprint on his door.
Gunter found a way in.
Gunter found beer cans on the porch.
Gunter found content he was interested in.
Gunter found himself right in the middle of a blizzard.
Gunter found the empty abandoned church.
Gunter found the light switch.
Gunter full-on sprinted into the woods.
Gunter gave Amelia a call and heard her phone ringing from inside the house.
Gunter gave off some anti-social tendencies.
Gunter gave the police his number to reach him if they needed to.
Gunter got back in his car.
Gunter got closer to Amelia.
Gunter got his truck and drove down to the church.
Gunter got in his truck and sped out of there.
Gunter got locked in the cemetery.
Gunter got out of bed and walked over to the window.
Gunter got out of the truck to check what the hell was wrong.
Gunter got out of there before it was too late.
Gunter got out to check.
Gunter got right back in the truck and peeled out.
Gunter grabbed his umbrella and ran out into the rain in that direction.
Gunter grabbed the house phone and called the cops.
Gunter graduated from high school about five years ago.
Gunter grows corn in Algeria.
Gunter had Amelia and John over for drinks.
Gunter had a friendly chat with Amelia and her child.
Gunter had a hard time finding Amelia's grave.
Gunter had a nice meal with some of his friends.
Gunter had a party with people over.
Gunter had a plate of food in front of him.
Gunter had a ride.
Gunter had creepy hallucinations.
Gunter had good friends.
Gunter had jugs and jugs of water in his house.
Gunter had money and multiple properties.
Gunter had more hallucinations.
Gunter had no idea what Amelia meant.
Gunter had no school the next day.
Gunter had short black hair and facial hair.
Gunter had the feeling he was being watched.
Gunter had the place to himself.
Gunter had to be hallucinating.
Gunter had to get out of there as soon as possible.
Gunter had to stop for gas.
Gunter had to take a peek through one of the windows.
Gunter had two gigantic gashing wounds on his head.
Gunter had vivid hallucinations.
Gunter happened to be a smoker.
Gunter has a pretty big property.
Gunter has a reliable truck.
Gunter has a spiked fence.
Gunter has always been rich.
Gunter has been friends with Amelia for five years.
Gunter has been hiding in the attic for hours.
Gunter has been keeping an eye on Amelia for a while.
Gunter has been worried about Amelia for years.
Gunter has more than a million followers on TikTok.
Gunter has never seen his mom move so fast.
Gunter has proven he was a son of God several times.
Gunter has tall hedges around his backyard.
Gunter has to be a fool to come back after what just happened.
Gunter has to be the man of the house and protect his sisters.
Gunter hasn't been drinking.
Gunter hasn't been in Amelia's room all night.
Gunter hasn't told us of any incidents since.
Gunter headed for home.
Gunter headed for the exit.
Gunter heard Amelia's footsteps leave the room.
Gunter heard Amelia's truck start.
Gunter heard a bizarre sound.
Gunter heard a cow make a high-pitched moo sound.
Gunter heard a crazed howling outside.
Gunter heard a giant crash.
Gunter heard a girl laughing.
Gunter heard a muffled voice outside.
Gunter heard a soft flapping noise outside the window.
Gunter heard a sound from upstairs.
Gunter heard a twig snap.
Gunter heard a voice say: "Come in! Leave your boots at the door."
Gunter heard a window break.
Gunter heard all the cows start mooing at the same time.
Gunter heard five snaps in rapid succession.
Gunter heard footsteps approaching the door.
Gunter heard footsteps in the field.
Gunter heard footsteps running away.
Gunter heard his mom call his name again.
Gunter heard leaves crushing underneath the feet of someone.
Gunter heard people yelling "police."
Gunter heard some knocking at his door.
Gunter heard steps in the woods.
Gunter heard the blasting music from inside Amelia's house.
Gunter heard the creature's wings above him.
Gunter heard the strange noises that night.
Gunter heard what sounded like people talking.
Gunter heard whistling in the cornfield.
Gunter hesitated for a moment.
Gunter hid in Amelia's closet.
Gunter hung out at the kids' club.
Gunter hurried inside to get a gun.
Gunter immediately knew he could not go down there.
Gunter immediately said he was Amelia's brother.
Gunter installed security cameras all over the farm.
Gunter is a cemetery manager.
Gunter is a fictional character. He's from a movie.
Gunter is a very Catholic person.
Gunter is also a farmer.
Gunter is an influencer on TikTok.
Gunter is at Amelia's front door.
Gunter is gonna call the cops.
Gunter is just a man of faith.
Gunter is not a fan of snow.
Gunter is not at all easy to scare.
Gunter is not next to Amelia right now.
Gunter is not someone you want to associate with.
Gunter is rotting away in jail.
Gunter is running out of time.
Gunter is sleeping right next to Amelia.
Gunter is still hiding in here somewhere.
Gunter is too old to take care of the farm.
Gunter is trying to use the phone.
Gunter isn't from around here.
Gunter joined TikTok.
Gunter jumped into action.
Gunter jumped out of his car to grab Amelia.
Gunter just knew Amelia was going to hurt him.
Gunter just started freaking out.
Gunter just stood in there.
Gunter just stood there motionless.
Gunter kept making that noise.
Gunter kept opening his eyes to check on Amelia.
Gunter kicked the door once more out of frustration.
Gunter knew Amelia saw the text message.
Gunter knew Amelia was coming and he waited there.
Gunter knew exactly which cemetery Amelia was talking about.
Gunter knew his uncle wouldn't be happy about that.
Gunter knew it was his chance to escape.
Gunter knew it wasn't Amelia either.
Gunter knew where the sound came from.
Gunter knocked at the window.
Gunter knocked one more time.
Gunter knows the creature has been following him.
Gunter learnt how not to speak about that.
Gunter left Amelia in charge of the house.
Gunter left because everything was so messed up.
Gunter left his phone with his mom.
Gunter left outside into the rain.
Gunter left the bed as it was.
Gunter left the building and went to his car.
Gunter left the mess in the kitchen as it was and said he would clean it tomorrow.
Gunter left the window open.
Gunter let himself into Amelia's condo and waited.
Gunter liked to have his fun.
Gunter listened to music to pass the time.
Gunter literally felt like his heart stopped.
Gunter lived alone in a rural town.
Gunter lived close.
Gunter lived half an hour away from Amelia's house.
Gunter lived in the middle of a forest clearing.
Gunter lived with his mom at the time.
Gunter lives in rural Bejaia, Algeria.
Gunter lives in the north of Algeria.
Gunter lives next to a massive cemetery.
Gunter lives on his family's farm in Bejaia, Algeria.
Gunter locked all five locks on his door.
Gunter locked the window right away.
Gunter looked and sounded like a living corpse.
Gunter looked around and again said: "Hello?"
Gunter looked around the room with his eyes only.
Gunter looked at the abandoned building next to the cemetery.
Gunter looked at the shower curtain for a moment.
Gunter looked at the window immediately.
Gunter looked back to where he saw that man, but he was gone.
Gunter looked everywhere for his phone.
Gunter looked he was about to try and break the window in.
Gunter looked in the peephole of his door.
Gunter looked in the rear view mirror and saw that truck again.
Gunter looked out to see someone slowly walking in his backyard.
Gunter looked right back at Amelia.
Gunter looked strikingly young.
Gunter looked through the glass again.
Gunter lost the key to his room.
Gunter lowered the volume of the TV.
Gunter made his voice sound a little higher.
Gunter made his way back to his cabin.
Gunter made it to his parents' house.
Gunter made it to his truck.
Gunter made the cows freak out.
Gunter managed most of his father's properties.
Gunter managed to survive the attack.
Gunter might convert to Islam.
Gunter mindlessly followed behind Amelia.
Gunter motioned for Amelia to enter the basement.
Gunter moved to a pretty rural area.
Gunter needed to get home.
Gunter needed to go pee that night.
Gunter needed to leave ASAP.
Gunter needs to get out of the cemetery now.
Gunter needs to investigate a bit more just to be sure.
Gunter needs to stay hidden.
Gunter never bothered Amelia again.
Gunter never really got the chance to see his father again.
Gunter never saw Amelia eating.
Gunter nodded happily.
Gunter noticed Amelia a few aisles down.
Gunter noticed footsteps in the snow.
Gunter noticed some writing on the door.
Gunter noticed something at the window.
Gunter offered Amelia a ride home.
Gunter only cared about spending time at the church.
Gunter only found the type of food that took long to prepare.
Gunter only hung out with Amelia a few times, then lost interest.
Gunter opened his door and said hello with a smile.
Gunter opened his mouth and screamed.
Gunter opened the attic door.
Gunter opened the door, only to see no one was there.
Gunter ordered a pie.
Gunter ordered a security camera and had it installed on the porch.
Gunter ordered five large pies.
Gunter owned a farm in Bejaia, Algeria.
Gunter paid Amelia a visit at the cemetery.
Gunter paid for the pizza.
Gunter passed away a few years ago.
Gunter paused the video.
Gunter placed his hands on the altar.
Gunter played on his computer and watched Netflix.
Gunter played tons of fun games.
Gunter pointed to the house across the street.
Gunter prayed he would never see Amelia again.
Gunter pretended not to notice.
Gunter pretended to be drinking.
Gunter pulled the car onto the side of the highway.
Gunter purchased a plot for his father.
Gunter pushed Amelia and she stumbled forward.
Gunter put his hand on Amelia's shoulder.
Gunter put the camera on the porch.
Gunter put the entire experience behind him.
Gunter quickly came back to consciousness.
Gunter quickly gathered his belongings and left.
Gunter quickly ran upstairs.
Gunter quickly told his parents he couldn't find his phone.
Gunter quietly walked over to the front door.
Gunter ran away and didn't come back after.
Gunter ran back to bed and pretended to be asleep.
Gunter ran for it through the exit door.
Gunter ran into the cornfield in the dark.
Gunter ran out of the room and closed the door behind him.
Gunter ran out of view.
Gunter ran outside with his shotgun.
Gunter ran over to Amelia's house to tell her.
Gunter ran straight out of the back door.
Gunter ran straight to the neighbors.
Gunter ran the bell at least five times until his mom answered the door.
Gunter ran through the woods.
Gunter ran to the phone to call his dad.
Gunter ran towards the exit door.
Gunter ran upstairs to grab his shotgun from the closet.
Gunter reached the front of the mosque.
Gunter realized he was being followed by someone.
Gunter really wasn't that into kids.
Gunter recognized that Hispanic man.
Gunter refused to follow his instincts.
Gunter regrettably gave Amelia a key to his apartment.
Gunter replied to the text, asking: "Who is this?"
Gunter responded to Amelia's text.
Gunter rubbed his eyes and the man was gone.
Gunter said goodbye to all his friends.
Gunter sat in the middle of the old cemetery.
Gunter sat up in concern.
Gunter saw Amelia peering in.
Gunter saw Amelia standing there, looking directly at him.
Gunter saw Amelia with her characteristic smile.
Gunter saw Amelia's phone vibrating on her nightstand.
Gunter saw a big guy in front of his house.
Gunter saw a figure standing there.
Gunter saw a humanoid figure standing there.
Gunter saw a person in all black standing five feet from him.
Gunter saw a taxidermied deer in Amelia's garage.
Gunter saw a woman dressed in a white gown, looking down at the ground.
Gunter saw another kiss mark on the glass.
Gunter saw someone in the shadows.
Gunter saw someone standing at the window.
Gunter saw that woman again.
Gunter saw the creature raise its head and turn towards him.
Gunter saw the eyes and they were staring at him.
Gunter saw the top-half of Amelia's head.
Gunter saw the woman moving closer to him.
Gunter screamed as loud as he could.
Gunter screamed for his mom.
Gunter screamed his brother's name.
Gunter screamed into the phone.
Gunter searched the barn and found the dead ewe.
Gunter seemed drunk.
Gunter seemed he had been watching Amelia for some time.
Gunter seemed like a creep.
Gunter sensed something bad was about to happen to him.
Gunter sent Amelia a picture of his house.
Gunter shook his head no.
Gunter should have never visited that town.
Gunter should leave before he gets in trouble.
Gunter showed Amelia pictures of his father.
Gunter showed Amelia the video he filmed.
Gunter shrugged his shoulders and said he didn't see.
Gunter sighed with frustration and worry.
Gunter simply forgot to lock the door when he left.
Gunter slammed the door behind him.
Gunter slowly lifted his head and looked at Amelia.
Gunter slowly opened the door.
Gunter smoked a bit of weed.
Gunter soon found himself jailed for a text.
Gunter sounded a little bit accusatory.
Gunter sounded normal on the phone.
Gunter sped ahead of Amelia.
Gunter spoke in a different language and Amelia couldn't understand a single word.
Gunter spoke in a slightly deeper voice.
Gunter spoke in what sounded like a different language.
Gunter spotted someone hiding in the bush.
Gunter sprang up from his chair.
Gunter sprinted back upstairs.
Gunter started angrily walking over to Amelia's car.
Gunter started blasting some music.
Gunter started calling his dad's cellphone number.
Gunter started eating in the kitchen.
Gunter started exploring the resort.
Gunter started filling up the tank of his truck.
Gunter started getting ready to drive up to the ski resort.
Gunter started hanging out with other girls.
Gunter started his truck and put it in drive.
Gunter started looking around the surrounding woods.
Gunter started making physical contact.
Gunter started punching the door to break a hole in it.
Gunter started stepping backwards.
Gunter started the cows.
Gunter started to back away.
Gunter started to chant in some weird language.
Gunter started to feel light-headed.
Gunter started to get hungry.
Gunter started to hear something else.
Gunter started waving at Amelia slowly.
Gunter stayed at a different hotel.
Gunter stayed close to the treeline.
Gunter stayed in the truck with the doors locked.
Gunter stayed outside with us.
Gunter stayed put in bed.
Gunter stayed put in his seat.
Gunter stepped a little deeper into the attic.
Gunter stepped in front of Amelia.
Gunter stepped inside the attic.
Gunter stepped out of the outhouse.
Gunter still didn't leave his bed.
Gunter still gets paranoid.
Gunter still has no idea what to make of that.
Gunter still hasn't seen Amelia.
Gunter stood in the rain, getting soaked.
Gunter stood in the silence.
Gunter stood still for a way.
Gunter stood there just like a statue.
Gunter stood there listening for maybe ten seconds.
Gunter stood there motionless.
Gunter stopped and turned around.
Gunter stopped dead.
Gunter stopped looking at the painting.
Gunter stopped to see what was going on there.
Gunter stopped what he was doing to listen carefully.
Gunter stuck his head out the window and looked to the left.
Gunter suddenly appeared.
Gunter suffered a small accident.
Gunter swerved the truck accidentally.
Gunter switched to Berber.
Gunter tapped on the door with his crowbar.
Gunter texted Amelia angrily about that.
Gunter thanked Amelia, but she didn't answer.
Gunter thinks Amelia has a broken leg.
Gunter thinks back on that moment a lot.
Gunter thought Amelia was awesome.
Gunter thought Amelia was insane.
Gunter thought Amelia was jealous.
Gunter thought Amelia was messing with him.
Gunter thought Amelia was trying to be funny.
Gunter thought he was being kidnapped.
Gunter thought he was in some sort of trouble.
Gunter threw a little party in the backyard.
Gunter threw himself into the house and slammed the door.
Gunter threw on his boots and went out.
Gunter told Amelia he was from Cali.
Gunter told Amelia not to look in that man's direction.
Gunter told Amelia so many times to stop doing that.
Gunter told Amelia that he was a close friend of ours.
Gunter told Amelia the story I just told you.
Gunter told Amelia to lower her weapon.
Gunter told his parents about it the next day.
Gunter told his parents about the man.
Gunter took Amelia's place.
Gunter took extra care with his children.
Gunter took some pictures and submitted them online.
Gunter took that very seriously.
Gunter took the loaded gun and marched towards the front door.
Gunter took the opportunity to run away.
Gunter traveled to Algeria in search of clues.
Gunter tried making conversation with Amelia.
Gunter tried to answer, but his voice froze in his throat.
Gunter tried to compose himself.
Gunter tried to convince himself ot was just an animal.
Gunter tripped over a chair and fell.
Gunter turned around one last time, and saw Amelia panting. She wasn't chasing him anymore.
Gunter turned behind the hedge and disappeared.
Gunter turned over to look at Amelia.
Gunter used a huge knife to slash Amelia's tires.
Gunter used spit to wipe off the stain.
Gunter usually had the house to himself.
Gunter vanished into the night.
Gunter very briefly lived with his girlfriend in Algiers.
Gunter visited an abandoned church in the area.
Gunter visited the local shops.
Gunter waited and waited for what felt like hours.
Gunter waited for what felt like an eternity.
Gunter walked around the cemetery.
Gunter walked closer to the closet.
Gunter walked for around five minutes.
Gunter walked into the blizzard and disappeared.
Gunter walked into the pitch black woods.
Gunter walked towards the attic door and opened it.
Gunter wanted to see Amelia's office.
Gunter was a little bit accusatory.
Gunter was a lot more cautious from then on.
Gunter was a major fucking creep.
Gunter was a man of faith.
Gunter was a person of wisdom.
Gunter was a supremely strong swimmer.
Gunter was a thousand miles away.
Gunter was a very curious person.
Gunter was a very interesting hippying kind of guy.
Gunter was a very spiritual man.
Gunter was acting tough until he saw the cops.
Gunter was alone, exploring the resort grounds.
Gunter was already on the phone with the police.
Gunter was already sweating like a pig.
Gunter was at Amelia's house.
Gunter was at a nearby club with a group of friends.
Gunter was at the resort.
Gunter was balding quite badly.
Gunter was being watched by someone in that building.
Gunter was chanting something in Berber.
Gunter was cheering Amelia on.
Gunter was chilling in the basement.
Gunter was clearly not in good shape.
Gunter was clearly sick in the head.
Gunter was coming over to hang out.
Gunter was completely freaked out.
Gunter was completely hidden from my view.
Gunter was creeped out by that strange figure.
Gunter was devoted.
Gunter was different this time.
Gunter was disgustingly creepy.
Gunter was downright horrified.
Gunter was driving back to his office.
Gunter was driving down a quiet road in a dense forest.
Gunter was eating cereal.
Gunter was fifty feet from Amelia.
Gunter was following Amelia and started talking to her.
Gunter was following Amelia more closely.
Gunter was freaking out about something.
Gunter was frozen, unable to move.
Gunter was furious about being woken.
Gunter was genuinely scared of Amelia.
Gunter was genuinely spooked by one of the stories.
Gunter was getting closer to his house.
Gunter was getting concerned.
Gunter was getting even more freaked out.
Gunter was getting soaked.
Gunter was going to die anyways.
Gunter was hanging out on his front porch.
Gunter was here again.
Gunter was hiding in a bush nearby.
Gunter was hiding in a bush, in front of Amelia's sound.
Gunter was home alone in absolute darkness.
Gunter was home, upstairs in his room.
Gunter was in a panic.
Gunter was in a really bad mood.
Gunter was in his late fifties or early sixties.
Gunter was in that row.
Gunter was in the heart of the storm.
Gunter was in the mountains.
Gunter was innocent.
Gunter was insanely unnerved.
Gunter was inside an abandoned building.
Gunter was just messing with Amelia.
Gunter was just overworking himself.
Gunter was kind of suspicious.
Gunter was knocking on the door to that building.
Gunter was leaving the hotel.
Gunter was looking back at Amelia with a blank expression.
Gunter was looking back at Amelia.
Gunter was looking directly at Amelia.
Gunter was looking for a car to buy for his son for his twentieth birthday.
Gunter was looking for a truck to buy.
Gunter was looking into the camera.
Gunter was never a believer of the paranormal until that night.
Gunter was never close with his uncle, even remotely.
Gunter was never seen by Amelia again.
Gunter was not related to that crime.
Gunter was often left at home alone.
Gunter was on a low traffic road.
Gunter was on a road trip to Algiers.
Gunter was on a sex offenders' list.
Gunter was one some kind of drug.
Gunter was our closest neighbor.
Gunter was out, doing a delivery.
Gunter was over for dinner after work five days ago.
Gunter was peeking through the crack at Amelia.
Gunter was peering his head around the corner.
Gunter was petrified by what he saw.
Gunter was petrified.
Gunter was playing a new game.
Gunter was playing games in the arcade.
Gunter was playing pinball.
Gunter was posting stuff on Facebook.
Gunter was pretending to be playing.
Gunter was pretty confused.
Gunter was pretty used to the city.
Gunter was really close to the cemetery.
Gunter was right to say that.
Gunter was running out of money.
Gunter was scared of being alone.
Gunter was scared to sleep in his room.
Gunter was screaming at Amelia.
Gunter was shaking and crying for a long time.
Gunter was shaking in his boots.
Gunter was sharing a hotel room with his cousin.
Gunter was singing in front of a dead body.
Gunter was sitting at his computer, doing work.
Gunter was sitting in his backyard, watching the sun set.
Gunter was sitting on the couch, watching TV.
Gunter was slightly annoyed.
Gunter was so badly hurt that he fell into a coma.
Gunter was speaking in a different language.
Gunter was spending the weekend with his uncle on his ranch.
Gunter was spooked by that.
Gunter was standing about fifty feet from the dogs.
Gunter was standing about five rows of graves down.
Gunter was standing at the back door of the house.
Gunter was standing by the altar.
Gunter was standing fully exposed.
Gunter was staring intently at Amelia.
Gunter was still drunk.
Gunter was still in his drunken haze.
Gunter was still in the outside.
Gunter was still on the phone with 911.
Gunter was still with a huge smile.
Gunter was surprised Amelia answered him because she had a lot of followers.
Gunter was surrounded by people dressed in dark clothing.
Gunter was terrifying.
Gunter was texted by a random number.
Gunter was the biggest man there.
Gunter was the fifth child of six.
Gunter was the only one in the movie theater.
Gunter was the victim of a cannibalistic killing.
Gunter was tough as nails.
Gunter was trying to contact Amelia.
Gunter was trying to fall asleep.
Gunter was trying to mess with Amelia and scare her.
Gunter was trying to scare some innocent passers-by for fun.
Gunter was used to that noise.
Gunter was very attentive.
Gunter was very imposing.
Gunter was very weird and hard to talk to.
Gunter was waiting for Amelia as always with a huge smile on his face.
Gunter was walking around town.
Gunter was walking quickly into the darkness.
Gunter was walking with his head raised in the air.
Gunter was watching Netflix when the doorbell rang.
Gunter was watching TV in the living room.
Gunter was watching the whole thing.
Gunter was waving his hands at Amelia, motioning for her to come over.
Gunter was wearing a creepy mask.
Gunter was wearing white clothes.
Gunter was woken very startlingly to a knock from the cops.
Gunter was working in the baking sun, totally impervious to the heat.
Gunter was yelling at the cops like a lunatic to help him.
Gunter wasn't calling back.
Gunter wasn't even in Algeria at that time.
Gunter wasn't even trying to hide the fact that he was following Amelia.
Gunter wasn't expecting anyone.
Gunter wasn't planning on selling Amelia anything.
Gunter wasn't there for a while.
Gunter watched Amelia and John play the entire match.
Gunter watched Amelia get into her truck.
Gunter watched in horror as Amelia walked down the hallway with a knife.
Gunter watched the farm.
Gunter welcomed Amelia immediately.
Gunter went back inside.
Gunter went back into the arcade and stayed there until his parents returned.
Gunter went back to his task.
Gunter went down to the basement.
Gunter went downstairs to see what Amelia wanted.
Gunter went into the kids' club.
Gunter went outside for a smoke.
Gunter went to another wilaya for work.
Gunter went to pick Amelia up.
Gunter went to pick up his charger in his room.
Gunter went to run his own errands.
Gunter went to see some Marvel movie.
Gunter went to the arcade right after school.
Gunter went to the area where the picture was taken from.
Gunter went to the closet to get his shotgun.
Gunter went up to his room to finish his homework.
Gunter went upstairs to sleep in the guest bed.
Gunter will be healed of his ills.
Gunter will come looking for Amelia.
Gunter will tell Amelia, too.
Gunter woke up at five in the morning to his phone ringing.
Gunter woke up in the hospital.
Gunter worked in healthcare.
Gunter worships the Dark Lord.
Gunter yelled Amelia's name again.
Gunter yelled at the dogs to shut up.
Gunter's apartment was full of food.
Gunter's apartment wasn't exactly in the best neighborhood.
Gunter's back door was left wide open.
Gunter's bedroom is ground-level.
Gunter's car was parked a few houses down.
Gunter's creepy expression suddenly changed to a smile.
Gunter's dog was barking and scratching at the back door.
Gunter's dogs started going crazy again.
Gunter's dogs went crazy.
Gunter's door was left unlocked.
Gunter's face was hidden in the shadows.
Gunter's face was so pale.
Gunter's faith is placed elsewhere.
Gunter's family was on vacation.
Gunter's feet started to freeze.
Gunter's feet touched the floor.
Gunter's garage was open.
Gunter's head appeared from behind a seat.
Gunter's heart was racing after that for a few minutes.
Gunter's heart was racing.
Gunter's house didn't have a basement.
Gunter's house was dusty and decrepit.
Gunter's house was just five meters away.
Gunter's laugh didn't last long.
Gunter's legs hurt so much.
Gunter's little party went into the night.
Gunter's mom came over to clean his apartment.
Gunter's mother still treats him like a child.
Gunter's mother was coming home early.
Gunter's mouth fell open.
Gunter's painting was still in front of Amelia.
Gunter's parents were away.
Gunter's parents were separating.
Gunter's phone went off in his pocket.
Gunter's phone won't turn on.
Gunter's place was disturbingly creepy.
Gunter's rabbit was thumping because it was hungry.
Gunter's skin was pale.
Gunter's smile disappeared.
Gunter's time came that same week.
Gunter's tires have been slashed.
Gunter's truck was nowhere in sight.
Gunter's veins turned to ice.
Gunter's voice came from down in the basement.
Gunter's whole body was shaking.
Gunter, being the kind soul he was, didn't want to press charges.
Gunther and Hans are friends.
Guohua knows many foreign students, there are Japanese, Koreans, French, as well as Americans.
Guppies are one of the most popular aquarium fish species.
Gurpreet the Sikh worker at a gas station on Lulu Island, I guess, likes blue and Interlingua.
Gurzil is the god of war in Berber mythology.
Gustav Klimt’s drawing, Two Reclining Figures, has resurfaced after being lost from the Lentos Museum in Linz for decades, apparently hidden in the home of a former assistant at the museum who retired in 1977.
Gustav was so distracted early this morning that he accidentally put on two different socks.
Gustav went straight home.
Gustavo accidentally made a noise.
Gustavo accompanied Rima there.
Gustavo activated the laser by accident.
Gustavo agreed to return.
Gustavo aimed at Rima’s head.
Gustavo already feels dizzy.
Gustavo always talks without proof.
Gustavo analyzes the cinematography of movies.
Gustavo and I watched a scary movie.
Gustavo and Melissa exchanged glances.
Gustavo and Melissa reminisced about their grandmother.
Gustavo and Rima finally made a pact together.
Gustavo and Rima left.
Gustavo and Rima reminisced about the festival.
Gustavo and Rima smiled at each other.
Gustavo and Rima started a conversation.
Gustavo and Rima started to get along well.
Gustavo and Rima was slowly moving away from each other.
Gustavo and Rima were meant to be together.
Gustavo and Walid continued to fight.
Gustavo and Walid fought again.
Gustavo and his friend studied together.
Gustavo and his friend went to the movies.
Gustavo apologized for scaring Rima.
Gustavo apologized for what happened.
Gustavo appeared from behind.
Gustavo appeared in the real world.
Gustavo approached Rima from behind.
Gustavo arrived at the station.
Gustavo arrived in Algiers.
Gustavo arrived in the demon realm.
Gustavo arrived in the forest.
Gustavo arrived there.
Gustavo asked Melissa if she wanted to join him.
Gustavo asked Rima for a good spot to surf.
Gustavo asked Rima for directions to the post office.
Gustavo asked Rima for directions.
Gustavo asked Rima if he could use her cellphone to call Walid.
Gustavo asked Rima if he remembered anything when Walid was taken.
Gustavo asked Rima if she was OK.
Gustavo asked Rima if she was alright.
Gustavo asked Rima if she was busy.
Gustavo asked Rima not to go to work.
Gustavo asked Rima questions directly.
Gustavo asked Rima to join him and she agreed.
Gustavo asked Rima to leave.
Gustavo asked Rima what she intended to do with the shotgun.
Gustavo asked if he could pet the dog.
Gustavo asked where Rima was.
Gustavo assaulted a bar owner.
Gustavo attacked Rima with a spell.
Gustavo attacked one of the patients.
Gustavo attempted to break into the room.
Gustavo attempted to cross the bridge.
Gustavo attempted to escape from the warehouse.
Gustavo attempted to shoot Rima with a tranquilizer.
Gustavo attempted to steal the sword.
Gustavo attended a soccer camp during the summer.
Gustavo attended the tea ceremony.
Gustavo attends art workshops on Saturdays.
Gustavo attends cooking classes on Saturdays.
Gustavo attends language classes on Saturdays.
Gustavo attends soccer practice twice a week.
Gustavo attracted the attention of the zombies.
Gustavo avoids that pasture.
Gustavo backed up and ran off very fast.
Gustavo barricaded the doors.
Gustavo battled a group of wizards who chased him.
Gustavo became angry.
Gustavo became infected.
Gustavo became the new demon king.
Gustavo became the new supreme head of the organization.
Gustavo became unconscious.
Gustavo began to regain his memory.
Gustavo began to shoot his own family members.
Gustavo believed the aliens were interested in Rima.
Gustavo bent down and picked the beetle up.
Gustavo bought Rima a rose.
Gustavo bought a large soda at the movie theater.
Gustavo bought some ammunition.
Gustavo bought tickets for the new movie.
Gustavo bowed before the leader.
Gustavo broke his jaw.
Gustavo brought Rima to his private room.
Gustavo brought the German Shepherd with him.
Gustavo brutally violated Rima.
Gustavo built a cabin in the woods.
Gustavo built a house on a land of his own.
Gustavo built a house.
Gustavo built a model of his house.
Gustavo built a small cabin in the woods, where he could retreat and reconnect with himself.
Gustavo built a small shed near the cabin for storing firewood.
Gustavo called Rima a serial killer.
Gustavo called Rima’s attention by honking the horn.
Gustavo called Walid a wimp.
Gustavo called other people around town.
Gustavo called the cops from our landline.
Gustavo called the cops on Melissa.
Gustavo called the leasing office.
Gustavo called the local police.
Gustavo came across Rima.
Gustavo came back alive.
Gustavo came back to the real world.
Gustavo came in his futuristic car.
Gustavo came out and attacked Walid.
Gustavo came out of nowhere.
Gustavo came out on the road.
Gustavo came over whenever Melissa's husband wasn't home.
Gustavo came to Rima’s aid.
Gustavo came to Rima’s house.
Gustavo came to pet Melissa's dog.
Gustavo can be turned evil.
Gustavo can do several things simultaneously.
Gustavo can forecast what is going to happen in the future.
Gustavo can use the public toilet.
Gustavo cannot be seen.
Gustavo can’t be sure that Rima is one of the aliens.
Gustavo can’t shut down the system from the outside.
Gustavo captured a strange creature in the woods.
Gustavo carried Rima back to the house.
Gustavo cast a spell on Rima again.
Gustavo cast a spell.
Gustavo cast a teleportation spell, teleporting him to his palace.
Gustavo caught up to Rima.
Gustavo caused a ruckus.
Gustavo caused the power to go out.
Gustavo ceased to work for Microsoft.
Gustavo chased the demon.
Gustavo checked his radio.
Gustavo chose Rima.
Gustavo claimed that he had murdered forty people.
Gustavo claimed that he was a serial killer.
Gustavo cleaned his van.
Gustavo closed the door and locked it.
Gustavo closed the shower curtain.
Gustavo collapsed on the snow.
Gustavo complained about his situation.
Gustavo considers this as a miracle.
Gustavo continued driving around the city.
Gustavo continued hunting Rima.
Gustavo continued praying there.
Gustavo continued to run.
Gustavo continued walking around the city.
Gustavo continued yelling.
Gustavo cooked dinner for Rima.
Gustavo could hear the sound of sticks cracking as Melissa pursued him.
Gustavo couldn't contain his excitement for the new movie.
Gustavo couldn’t understand what Rima was saying.
Gustavo covered his bloody hand with a small cloth.
Gustavo crashed his jet.
Gustavo cruised along the highway.
Gustavo cuffed himself to the handlebar.
Gustavo cut Rima’s finger with scissors.
Gustavo cut off Rima’s breasts.
Gustavo cut off a part of Rima’s foot.
Gustavo cut off four of Rima’s fingers.
Gustavo decided not to do anything to Rima.
Gustavo decided to go first.
Gustavo decided to go out and do something.
Gustavo decided to rest in the cabin for a while.
Gustavo decided to ring the bell.
Gustavo decorated the cabin with vintage furniture and antiques.
Gustavo defeated a demon in the past.
Gustavo delivered a message to Rima from Walid.
Gustavo depended on no one.
Gustavo described his father.
Gustavo destroyed the bridge.
Gustavo did some research about the company’s founder.
Gustavo did the most horrific things that one can imagine.
Gustavo did the same.
Gustavo didn't do any background checks.
Gustavo didn't have a job.
Gustavo didn't have any phone service.
Gustavo didn't have the chance to talk to Melissa.
Gustavo didn't have the slightest phone signal.
Gustavo didn't know what that liquid was.
Gustavo didn't question it.
Gustavo didn't think much of it.
Gustavo didn't think too much of it.
Gustavo didn’t help Rima either.
Gustavo didn’t know about the video.
Gustavo didn’t scream.
Gustavo didn’t stop Rima.
Gustavo didn’t stop blabbering.
Gustavo disabled the surveillance cameras.
Gustavo disappeared into thin air.
Gustavo discovered an ancient ruin hidden deep within the woods.
Gustavo doesn't have any friends in this city.
Gustavo doesn't have that same car anymore.
Gustavo doesn’t care about Rima anymore.
Gustavo doesn’t know about the sword.
Gustavo doesn’t remember.
Gustavo doesn’t trust doctors.
Gustavo dragged Rima with him into the bar.
Gustavo dragged Rima’s body across the beach.
Gustavo dragged Rima’s body to his van.
Gustavo dragged the body of the lady.
Gustavo dreams of playing soccer professionally.
Gustavo drew a human face.
Gustavo drew circles on Rima’s breasts.
Gustavo dribbled the soccer ball past the defenders.
Gustavo dropped down from the sky.
Gustavo dropped his phone.
Gustavo drove around the city.
Gustavo drove fast to get ahead.
Gustavo drove to Rima’s house.
Gustavo drove to the ammunition shop.
Gustavo eliminated all the guards.
Gustavo eliminated everyone.
Gustavo eliminated the guards.
Gustavo embraced the stillness of the woods, finding peace in the absence of noise.
Gustavo emptied out Rima’s bank account.
Gustavo ended up in the asylum.
Gustavo engaged with Rima romantically.
Gustavo enjoyed hiking in the woods surrounding his cabin.
Gustavo enjoyed observing wildlife from the cabin's large windows.
Gustavo enjoyed sitting in the clearing.
Gustavo enjoyed the crisp autumn air as he walked among the vibrant foliage of the woods.
Gustavo enjoys analyzing the symbolism in movies.
Gustavo enjoys birdwatching on Saturdays.
Gustavo enjoys discussing the character development in movies.
Gustavo enjoys gardening on Saturdays.
Gustavo enjoys listening to makina in his truck.
Gustavo enjoys painting on Saturdays.
Gustavo enjoys picnics in the park on Saturdays.
Gustavo enjoys playing board games with his family on Saturdays.
Gustavo enjoys reading on Saturdays.
Gustavo enjoys watching animated movies.
Gustavo entered the first bedroom.
Gustavo entered the vacant apartment.
Gustavo entered the van.
Gustavo erased the robot’s memories about Rima.
Gustavo eventually agreed.
Gustavo eventually arrived.
Gustavo eventually reached the laboratory.
Gustavo executed the demon.
Gustavo explained the events.
Gustavo exposed his evil side later on.
Gustavo exposed the truth to the crowd.
Gustavo expressed his frustration over Rima’s controlling attitude.
Gustavo feels safer when he sleeps in the closet.
Gustavo fell from the bridge.
Gustavo fell from the tree.
Gustavo felt frightened.
Gustavo felt weird thinking about those things.
Gustavo filled up his car to drive back.
Gustavo filled up his car.
Gustavo finally embraced Walid as his son and took him home.
Gustavo finally met his long-awaited father and they hugged.
Gustavo finished Rima off.
Gustavo finished the task.
Gustavo fled from the club.
Gustavo flew the drone to the warehouse.
Gustavo followed Rima to her cabin.
Gustavo forcefully stripped Rima off her clothes.
Gustavo found Rima’s car in the barn.
Gustavo found a "no trespassing" sign there.
Gustavo found a baby inside the suitcase.
Gustavo found a big scorpion at the bottom of the box.
Gustavo found an unfinished equation and tried to finish it.
Gustavo found comfort in the familiarity of the woods, where everything seemed to be in harmony.
Gustavo found his way out.
Gustavo found nothing suspicious.
Gustavo found out what was happening.
Gustavo found the demon realm entrance.
Gustavo found the demon’s weak spot.
Gustavo found thousands of dead bodies in the cave.
Gustavo gave Melissa a really bad feeling.
Gustavo gave Melissa a wink.
Gustavo gave Rima the directions.
Gustavo gave Rima the sword.
Gustavo gave a speech about that.
Gustavo gave the fetus a proper burial.
Gustavo got a flashlight and headed down to the abandoned farm.
Gustavo got a piece of chalk and drew a circle on the floor.
Gustavo got a vision of someone getting tortured.
Gustavo got attacked by the guards.
Gustavo got back.
Gustavo got cornered by the demons.
Gustavo got infuriated when he heard about that.
Gustavo got inside the portal.
Gustavo got inside the van.
Gustavo got inside the vehicle.
Gustavo got into a physical fight with the subway worker.
Gustavo got into the garage.
Gustavo got lost in the mansion.
Gustavo got off the train first.
Gustavo got on the bus.
Gustavo got out and checked his truck.
Gustavo got out of that place.
Gustavo got surrounded by the demon soldiers.
Gustavo got the sword.
Gustavo got tired of Rima.
Gustavo got to bed.
Gustavo got to the lodge.
Gustavo got upset and attacked Rima.
Gustavo grabbed Rima’s gun.
Gustavo grew up living in rural Algeria.
Gustavo grew wings and flew away.
Gustavo guarded the sword.
Gustavo had a room on campus.
Gustavo had a vision of Rima attacking him.
Gustavo had a weird feeling while talking to Melissa.
Gustavo had an emergency.
Gustavo had both of his legs amputated.
Gustavo had dementia.
Gustavo had that incident documented.
Gustavo had to come over to help Mom.
Gustavo has a cold.
Gustavo has a creepy neighbor.
Gustavo has a family.
Gustavo has a gun and isn't afraid to shoot.
Gustavo has a hidden superpower.
Gustavo has a machine-gun.
Gustavo has a master.
Gustavo has a secret workshop.
Gustavo has a twin brother.
Gustavo has already died.
Gustavo has an ability to see the future.
Gustavo has been dead for over forty years.
Gustavo has been expecting Rima.
Gustavo has been in the county more than once.
Gustavo has been monitoring Rima’s movements.
Gustavo has been observing Rima.
Gustavo has been sending those messages.
Gustavo has been taken to a prison in Casablanca.
Gustavo has been waiting for Rima.
Gustavo has been watching the entire fight from a helicopter.
Gustavo has captured Rima.
Gustavo has committed suicide in Algiers.
Gustavo has found himself a family.
Gustavo has never had a girlfriend.
Gustavo has other plans.
Gustavo has survived.
Gustavo has to be the last man standing in order to win the competition.
Gustavo has to go to the ranch and take care of a pregnant cow.
Gustavo headed down to the abandoned house.
Gustavo headed to bed, too.
Gustavo headed to the maternity ward.
Gustavo heard Rima’s friend calling for her.
Gustavo heard Rima’s pleas.
Gustavo heard a dog bark.
Gustavo heard a whacking sound.
Gustavo heard several gunshots.
Gustavo heard shuffling outside his tent.
Gustavo heard someone call his name.
Gustavo heard the creatures growling in the cage.
Gustavo held Rima hostage.
Gustavo helped Rima to escape.
Gustavo helped Rima walk.
Gustavo helps Rima, too.
Gustavo hid away the body in the bushes.
Gustavo hid behind Mom.
Gustavo hit Rima in the face.
Gustavo hopped into the van.
Gustavo hurried down the stairs.
Gustavo hurried out of that bedroom.
Gustavo hurried up and caught up to Melissa.
Gustavo ignored Rima and Walid.
Gustavo ignored the food and watched the TV.
Gustavo immediately accused Rima without any evidence at all.
Gustavo immediately activated the alarm.
Gustavo immediately called Rima.
Gustavo immediately came to the bridge.
Gustavo immediately drove away.
Gustavo immediately fled as soon as the train door opened.
Gustavo immediately fled to the top of the building.
Gustavo immediately went inside and locked the door behind him.
Gustavo infiltrated the palace.
Gustavo informed Rima of what was happening in Algiers.
Gustavo informed Rima that he was going to the farm.
Gustavo informed Rima that he was on his way to the hospital.
Gustavo injected Rima with the virus.
Gustavo insisted that it was Rima who betrayed us.
Gustavo installed solar panels on the roof of his cabin for sustainable energy.
Gustavo introduced Rima to Walid, his brother.
Gustavo introduced his friend to his family.
Gustavo invited Rima inside.
Gustavo invited Rima to come with him to the arcade.
Gustavo invited Rima, too.
Gustavo invited his friends to the cabin for a weekend getaway.
Gustavo invited his loved ones to the cabin for a cozy Christmas celebration.
Gustavo is Melissa's sweet husband.
Gustavo is Rima’s assistant.
Gustavo is Rima’s indispensable assistant.
Gustavo is a big fan of superhero movies.
Gustavo is a connoisseur of classic movies.
Gustavo is a deeply religious man.
Gustavo is a logger.
Gustavo is a nefarious individual.
Gustavo is a policeman, too.
Gustavo is a pro.
Gustavo is a subway worker.
Gustavo is a violent man.
Gustavo is already doing terrible things to his wife and son.
Gustavo is also Rima’s lover.
Gustavo is an agent.
Gustavo is an engineer, too.
Gustavo is completely devoid of empathy.
Gustavo is difigured.
Gustavo is expected to arrive in four minutes.
Gustavo is going back to his hideout.
Gustavo is going to be a movie critic someday.
Gustavo is going to meet someone.
Gustavo is half-human, half-demon.
Gustavo is just a perverted Satan.
Gustavo is no longer the same person Rima married.
Gustavo is no match against Walid.
Gustavo is not destined for it.
Gustavo is not dressed for this cold weather.
Gustavo is not on the farm.
Gustavo is now a grown man.
Gustavo is one of the aliens.
Gustavo is organizing a movie night for us.
Gustavo is somewhere in northern Algeria.
Gustavo is the head of the confederation.
Gustavo is the new demon king.
Gustavo is the perpetrator.
Gustavo is very familiar with that trail.
Gustavo is working tirelessly to find a solution to the problem.
Gustavo isn't coming inside the house.
Gustavo isn't sure what happened to make Melissa react like that.
Gustavo isn’t helpful at all.
Gustavo joined Rima.
Gustavo joined a soccer club to improve his skills.
Gustavo just minded his own business.
Gustavo just moved to a new city.
Gustavo just watched some funny videos on YouTube.
Gustavo justified his murder as a form of art.
Gustavo kept giving lame excuses to leave.
Gustavo kept persisting.
Gustavo kept the negatives of the photos.
Gustavo kicked the soccer ball into the goal.
Gustavo killed Rima with an axe.
Gustavo killed Rima’s brother.
Gustavo killed Walid in front of his subordinates.
Gustavo killed all the remaining guards.
Gustavo killed both Rima and Walid.
Gustavo killed the snake with a pitchfork.
Gustavo knew that the shuffling sound wasn't done by an animal.
Gustavo knocked on the door several times, but no one answered.
Gustavo knows Melissa doesn't like dogs.
Gustavo knows a lot about those artefact.
Gustavo left Rima a message.
Gustavo left a mental health facility.
Gustavo left by teleportation.
Gustavo left everyone scared.
Gustavo left his truck running.
Gustavo left the van and started walking.
Gustavo left the vehicle there without taking the keys or locking the doors.
Gustavo let Rima in.
Gustavo let Rima into his house.
Gustavo let Rima out of the van.
Gustavo let Rima stay.
Gustavo let Rima take control.
Gustavo let Rima touch his face.
Gustavo let Rima touch his neck.
Gustavo likes to analyze the dialogue in movies.
Gustavo likes to sleep in on Saturdays.
Gustavo likes to stay at his house.
Gustavo listened to the symphony of sounds in the woods, from the chirping of birds to the rustling of leaves.
Gustavo lit a fire and ate some food.
Gustavo lived in a small Canadian mining town.
Gustavo lived there until he passed away.
Gustavo lives in a virtual reality.
Gustavo lives in the apartment above us.
Gustavo lives in the demon realm.
Gustavo lives in the woods.
Gustavo locked the back door and windows.
Gustavo locked the door to the rooftop.
Gustavo looked at Rima’s private parts.
Gustavo looked at his surroundings.
Gustavo looked down the road.
Gustavo looked inside Melissa's apartment and saw her.
Gustavo looked through the window.
Gustavo lost his phone.
Gustavo loved sitting on the cabin's porch, sipping his morning coffee.
Gustavo loved the feeling of the cool breeze against his skin as he walked through the woods.
Gustavo loves action movies.
Gustavo made Rima furious.
Gustavo made Rima the supreme head of the organization.
Gustavo made a pact with the demon king.
Gustavo made eye contact with Rima.
Gustavo managed to block the attack.
Gustavo managed to break free.
Gustavo managed to dodge Walid’s men.
Gustavo managed to escape again.
Gustavo managed to flee.
Gustavo managed to hack into the company’s system.
Gustavo managed to kill all the demons, except for the chief.
Gustavo managed to locate the kidnapper and save the girl.
Gustavo managed to subdue Rima.
Gustavo managed to unseal the sword.
Gustavo marveled at the interplay of light and shadow in the woods, a dance that never ceased to captivate him.
Gustavo marveled at the wildlife that thrived in the woods, from birds to deer and everything in between.
Gustavo meets his friends for brunch on Saturdays.
Gustavo meets his study group on Saturdays.
Gustavo met his friend at the park.
Gustavo might be immune.
Gustavo moved in that night.
Gustavo moved to the fourth floor.
Gustavo murdered Rima as well.
Gustavo must have known John was a pervert.
Gustavo must meet someone there.
Gustavo narrated the incident.
Gustavo needs more space for his German Shepherd.
Gustavo needs to get away from the farm.
Gustavo never goes outdoors without a gun.
Gustavo never questioned that.
Gustavo no longer has any contact with Melissa.
Gustavo noticed John harassing a female neighbor.
Gustavo noticed a mysterious message on the mirror.
Gustavo noticed that his phone stopped working.
Gustavo noticed the blood trail.
Gustavo offended the man.
Gustavo offered Rima a ride.
Gustavo offered his services for five hundred dinars an hour.
Gustavo offered to buy Rima a drink.
Gustavo often attends film festivals to watch indie movies.
Gustavo often brought his German Shepherd along for walks in the woods, enjoying the companionship and shared love for nature.
Gustavo often brought his sketchbook to the woods, capturing the beauty he found in intricate drawings.
Gustavo often played in the backyard.
Gustavo often recommends good movies to Melissa.
Gustavo often went fishing near his cabin.
Gustavo only saw the stranger briefly.
Gustavo operated on Rima’s body.
Gustavo ordered Rima to help him stand.
Gustavo ordered Rima to leave the area.
Gustavo ordered all of the demons to attack humans.
Gustavo ordered his giant monster to bring him Rima.
Gustavo ordered his guards to attack Walid.
Gustavo ordered the guards to arrest Rima.
Gustavo ordered the suitcase to be replicated in four exact copies.
Gustavo paid a visit to the arcade.
Gustavo passed away nearly fourteen years ago.
Gustavo picked up his clothes.
Gustavo planned to kill himself.
Gustavo played with the neighbor's kids.
Gustavo plays soccer every Saturday.
Gustavo pointed his gun right at Melissa.
Gustavo poured gasoline on his body.
Gustavo practices his soccer skills regularly.
Gustavo practices martial arts on Saturdays.
Gustavo practices the guitar on Saturdays.
Gustavo practices yoga on Saturdays.
Gustavo prepared Rima something to eat.
Gustavo pressed the trigger.
Gustavo pretended to be harmless.
Gustavo pretty much lets Melissa do anything.
Gustavo proceeded to undress Rima.
Gustavo promised Rima he would get Walid back.
Gustavo pulled out a revolver on Rima.
Gustavo pulled the rope.
Gustavo punched through Walid’s chest.
Gustavo punished Rima by freezing her.
Gustavo put Rima in the truck and drove away.
Gustavo put Rima’s dead body in his car.
Gustavo put his old mother to bed.
Gustavo quickly left.
Gustavo quickly teleported Rima and himself to Mars.
Gustavo quickly teleported himself away.
Gustavo ran Rima over.
Gustavo ran away to a warehouse.
Gustavo ran for his life.
Gustavo ran for life.
Gustavo ran outside the house.
Gustavo ran to the ranch.
Gustavo rang the bell, but nobody answered.
Gustavo reached Algiers.
Gustavo reached Rima’s house.
Gustavo reached a broken bridge.
Gustavo reached his apartment.
Gustavo reached the hallway.
Gustavo reached the rooftop.
Gustavo reached the stairs.
Gustavo really needs that job.
Gustavo really needs to shit.
Gustavo rebooted the system.
Gustavo received a warm welcome from Rima.
Gustavo received mysterious messages on his phone.
Gustavo recommended to take Rima off the case immediately.
Gustavo refused to be Rima’s victim.
Gustavo refused to believe Rima.
Gustavo refused to join Rima.
Gustavo refused to say anything.
Gustavo reminded Rima that there was no evidence.
Gustavo removed his pants.
Gustavo renovated the cabin to add modern amenities.
Gustavo rented an apartment for a month.
Gustavo reported Melissa to the leasing office.
Gustavo retrieved his shotgun.
Gustavo returned to see his campsite destroyed.
Gustavo returned to the phone and called the local police.
Gustavo returned to the van.
Gustavo revealed Rima’s identity.
Gustavo revealed his bloody clothes.
Gustavo runs a software company in Algiers.
Gustavo sacrificed himself to stop the enemy.
Gustavo said he needed to kill.
Gustavo said he thought he saw something.
Gustavo said he was led to that farm by God.
Gustavo said he was not Rima’s father.
Gustavo said he was not the one who killed Rima.
Gustavo said his last words and died.
Gustavo said it was an impossible task.
Gustavo said that politely.
Gustavo said the woman was missing.
Gustavo sang, too.
Gustavo sank into a dark liquid.
Gustavo sank to the floor.
Gustavo sat in his tent.
Gustavo saw Melissa go visibly tense.
Gustavo saw Rima on the road earlier.
Gustavo saw Rima walking down the path.
Gustavo saw Rima’s weapons.
Gustavo saw a large crowd near the club.
Gustavo saw a strange figure in the abandoned house.
Gustavo saw an other-worldly creature walking down the hallway.
Gustavo saw headlights right behind him.
Gustavo saw headlights.
Gustavo saw the cops arresting the man.
Gustavo saw the creature lifeless on the roof.
Gustavo saw the police car from earlier.
Gustavo scored a goal in the soccer game.
Gustavo secretly met Rima.
Gustavo seemed to amuse Rima.
Gustavo sent the photo to a newspaper.
Gustavo set up a campfire in the woods, its warm glow providing comfort and companionship.
Gustavo set up his tent.
Gustavo shared his favorite movie quotes on social media.
Gustavo shops at night.
Gustavo shot an arrow at the demon.
Gustavo shot the alien with a revolver.
Gustavo shot the creature several times.
Gustavo should go to the hospital.
Gustavo showed Rima another magic trick.
Gustavo showed Rima signs of affection.
Gustavo slept in the closet.
Gustavo slit Rima’s throat and killed her.
Gustavo slowed down his pace.
Gustavo smashed Rima’s face.
Gustavo smashed a parked car’s window.
Gustavo smashed the bottle in Rima’s face.
Gustavo smiled at Rima to feign interest.
Gustavo solved the kidnapping case.
Gustavo spared the demon’s life.
Gustavo spat on the customer.
Gustavo spends Saturdays at the beach.
Gustavo spends Saturdays exploring local markets.
Gustavo spends Saturdays exploring museums.
Gustavo spends Saturdays exploring new neighborhoods.
Gustavo spends Saturdays hiking in the mountains.
Gustavo spends Saturdays working on DIY projects.
Gustavo spends most of his time swimming and reading.
Gustavo spent his weekends at the cabin, enjoying nature.
Gustavo spent hours exploring the nooks and crannies of the woods, discovering hidden treasures along the way.
Gustavo spent hours painting landscapes inspired by the cabin's surroundings.
Gustavo spent weekends chopping firewood for the cabin's fireplace.
Gustavo spilled oil on the porch.
Gustavo spit Rima’s finger out.
Gustavo spoke too much.
Gustavo spoke without any evidence.
Gustavo spooked Melissa out that day.
Gustavo spotted Rima smoking weed.
Gustavo spotted the dog immediately.
Gustavo stabbed Rima in the chest.
Gustavo stabbed Rima with his sword.
Gustavo stabbed himself in the neck with a shard of glass.
Gustavo stared at Rima menacingly.
Gustavo stared at himself in the mirror.
Gustavo started chasing Rima.
Gustavo started flirting with Rima by complimenting her looks.
Gustavo started hallucinating.
Gustavo started leaving the ward.
Gustavo started making his way.
Gustavo started sobbing.
Gustavo started taking off his clothes.
Gustavo started talking to Melissa while petting her German Shepherd.
Gustavo started tapping his fingers on the kitchen table.
Gustavo started to feel uncomfortable.
Gustavo started to get up.
Gustavo started to show signs of confusion.
Gustavo started whimpering.
Gustavo stayed cold to Rima’s request.
Gustavo stepped aside.
Gustavo stepped back.
Gustavo stepped on some kind of liquid.
Gustavo stepped out of the woods.
Gustavo stole Rima’s bullet.
Gustavo stole Rima’s keys.
Gustavo stood on the hilltop.
Gustavo stopped by a farm.
Gustavo stopped by the store.
Gustavo stopped distracting Rima.
Gustavo struck Rima with a spell, causing her to freeze.
Gustavo struggled to break free.
Gustavo struggled.
Gustavo suddenly appeared at the club and started killing everyone.
Gustavo suddenly appeared in the real world.
Gustavo suddenly arrived.
Gustavo suddenly coughed.
Gustavo suddenly drifted away.
Gustavo suddenly emerged.
Gustavo suddenly found himself elsewhere.
Gustavo suddenly moved.
Gustavo suggested negotiating with the aliens.
Gustavo surrendered.
Gustavo swallowed the stone.
Gustavo takes dance classes on Saturdays.
Gustavo takes his German Shepherd for a walk every Saturday.
Gustavo takes photography walks on Saturdays.
Gustavo talked Rima into participating.
Gustavo talked excessively.
Gustavo teleported Rima to Mars.
Gustavo teleported himself away.
Gustavo thanked Melissa again for her time.
Gustavo threw the ball into the air and it didn’t fall back.
Gustavo told Melissa he was on his way back.
Gustavo told Rima he had other plans.
Gustavo told Rima that he had a family.
Gustavo told Rima the story about how he met Skura.
Gustavo told Rima to check the basement.
Gustavo told Rima to drop her firearm.
Gustavo told Rima to get out of the house.
Gustavo told Rima to leave him alone.
Gustavo told Rima to leave his property immediately.
Gustavo told Rima to pick Walid up.
Gustavo told his son.
Gustavo told the police about John's creepy behavior.
Gustavo told the sheriff all about it.
Gustavo told the story from Melissa's point of view.
Gustavo took Rima for a ride.
Gustavo took Rima home.
Gustavo took Rima inside the house.
Gustavo took Rima to a dilapidated house.
Gustavo took Rima to the dark room.
Gustavo took Rima to the house.
Gustavo took Rima’s brother away from her.
Gustavo took Rima’s seat.
Gustavo took a close look at the image.
Gustavo took a closer look.
Gustavo took a freight train.
Gustavo took a look at the fetuses.
Gustavo took a small piece of bread and put it in his mouth.
Gustavo took a walk in the woods alone.
Gustavo took aim and shot.
Gustavo took another step.
Gustavo took charge as a CEO.
Gustavo took off his clothes.
Gustavo took part in a fighting competition.
Gustavo took pictures of some iconic buildings.
Gustavo took the cop’s phone and escaped.
Gustavo took the dead body to his apartment.
Gustavo took the sword from Rima.
Gustavo tore down his partially constructed house.
Gustavo tortured and killed people.
Gustavo trained extensively for his role in the action movie.
Gustavo transformed into a bigger size of him.
Gustavo traveled to Algiers in the morning.
Gustavo traveled to an open forest area to practice rifle shooting.
Gustavo tried on Melissa's clothes.
Gustavo tried to call for help using his cellphone.
Gustavo tried to call for help.
Gustavo tried to destroy the bridge.
Gustavo tried to flee the apartment.
Gustavo tried to get up as fast as he could.
Gustavo tried to open the tent zipper.
Gustavo tried to penetrate Rima.
Gustavo tried to retrieve his son.
Gustavo tried to self-destruct himself.
Gustavo tries to be reasonable in situation like those.
Gustavo turned Rima into a horrible monster.
Gustavo turned Rima into a wooden manikin.
Gustavo turned around and attacked Walid’s goons.
Gustavo turned back.
Gustavo turned into a black dragon.
Gustavo turned into a crow and flew away.
Gustavo turned into a tree.
Gustavo turned on the engine.
Gustavo turned on the generator.
Gustavo turned on the shower again.
Gustavo turned on the television.
Gustavo turned to look who it was and saw the homeless man.
Gustavo uncuffed Rima.
Gustavo underestimated the demon.
Gustavo undressed, too.
Gustavo unzipped the tent half an inch and peeked.
Gustavo urged Rima to get back to the mission.
Gustavo urged Rima to leave.
Gustavo urged Rima to tell the truth.
Gustavo used that opportunity to capture Rima alive.
Gustavo used the back door that day.
Gustavo uses a paid software to do that.
Gustavo waited for Rima to open the door.
Gustavo walked across the path.
Gustavo walked back to his cabin.
Gustavo walked down the stairs.
Gustavo walked into another door.
Gustavo walked out from the arcade building.
Gustavo walked out of the kitchen.
Gustavo walked to the ranch in the dark.
Gustavo walked toward the club.
Gustavo walked with Melissa the rest of the way home.
Gustavo wanted the dogs.
Gustavo wanted to attack Rima.
Gustavo wanted to avoid the mutation.
Gustavo wanted to change.
Gustavo wanted to enforce terror on his enemies.
Gustavo wanted to get information about Rima.
Gustavo wanted to give Melissa a taste of her own medicine.
Gustavo wanted to have a rematch.
Gustavo wanted to take control of the system.
Gustavo wants to be a movie director one day.
Gustavo wants to be with a girl.
Gustavo wants to destroy the entire world.
Gustavo wants to get his family back.
Gustavo wants to go somewhere secluded.
Gustavo wants to go to the supermarket.
Gustavo wants to leave.
Gustavo wants to look at Rima.
Gustavo warned Rima not to be like Skura.
Gustavo was a fan of Scatman John.
Gustavo was a forty-year-old amputee.
Gustavo was a top engineering student at Harvard.
Gustavo was abandoned by Rima.
Gustavo was able to find the sword.
Gustavo was able to punch Walid several times.
Gustavo was about forty-five minutes from Melissa's resort.
Gustavo was about to launch his final blow.
Gustavo was aggressively stroking Rima’s legs.
Gustavo was already waiting for Rima.
Gustavo was arrested by the police for trespassing.
Gustavo was arrested for hitting Melissa in the face.
Gustavo was at home because of that.
Gustavo was attacked by a mysterious being.
Gustavo was banging on the table.
Gustavo was betrayed by Rima.
Gustavo was born in a forest.
Gustavo was busy telling Rima what was happening.
Gustavo was captivated by the suspenseful movie.
Gustavo was chased by Rima.
Gustavo was chased by several police officers.
Gustavo was chased to the top of the tower by a security guard.
Gustavo was climbing the tree with a rifle.
Gustavo was communicating with Rima telepathically.
Gustavo was completely undressed.
Gustavo was conducting an experiment of his own.
Gustavo was dancing to the crazy tempo of makina.
Gustavo was dancing with the DJ herself.
Gustavo was detached from the others.
Gustavo was dreaming.
Gustavo was driving to the camp.
Gustavo was driving towards his destination.
Gustavo was eager to know more about his dad’s story.
Gustavo was eating some blackberries that he had picked.
Gustavo was elected.
Gustavo was electrocuted.
Gustavo was enraged.
Gustavo was extremely fearless.
Gustavo was following Rima, not Skura.
Gustavo was forced to flee.
Gustavo was four, and Melissa, five.
Gustavo was fourteen years old when his grandmother passed away.
Gustavo was frustrated and furious.
Gustavo was fully naked.
Gustavo was getting help from Rima.
Gustavo was going to call the cops.
Gustavo was going to head home.
Gustavo was hit with the most disgusting smell he had ever smelt in his life.
Gustavo was in a cave submerged in water.
Gustavo was in a small rundown barn.
Gustavo was in and out of the house, playing.
Gustavo was in his forties with no legs.
Gustavo was in jail for molesting Melissa's daughter.
Gustavo was in the passenger seat.
Gustavo was infected, too.
Gustavo was infected.
Gustavo was inside the car.
Gustavo was killed by the powerful explosion.
Gustavo was leaving on the thirtieth of this month.
Gustavo was led away by the prison guards.
Gustavo was left unprotected.
Gustavo was looking around the house.
Gustavo was looking for tenants.
Gustavo was looking for the spring of life.
Gustavo was missing.
Gustavo was never seen again.
Gustavo was not a rich man.
Gustavo was observing the people walking by.
Gustavo was on a deserted road.
Gustavo was on an operation with an antiterrorist unit.
Gustavo was on his bike.
Gustavo was on his way to work.
Gustavo was on the phone.
Gustavo was outside in the evening.
Gustavo was petting Melissa's German Shepherd and staring at her chest.
Gustavo was playing in the woods as normal.
Gustavo was plowing the field.
Gustavo was practicing archery.
Gustavo was relatively safe.
Gustavo was safely hidden in the house.
Gustavo was scared by Rima’s presence.
Gustavo was severely exasperated.
Gustavo was sitting across the street.
Gustavo was smiling menacingly.
Gustavo was so glad he got back safe.
Gustavo was somewhat relieved when he realized that the messages were from Rima.
Gustavo was spotted by a security guard.
Gustavo was still in diapers.
Gustavo was still naked.
Gustavo was studying quantum teleportation.
Gustavo was suddenly attacked by four of Rima’s goons.
Gustavo was taken to that room.
Gustavo was the first one to notice that Rima was missing.
Gustavo was the last man standing.
Gustavo was the main character in the movie.
Gustavo was the one who cast the spell.
Gustavo was the only one living in that building.
Gustavo was the owner of the apartment on the fourth floor.
Gustavo was the owner of the apartment upstairs.
Gustavo was there in the morning.
Gustavo was tied to a chair that was used to torture Rima.
Gustavo was tortured in a laboratory room.
Gustavo was truly uneasy.
Gustavo was trying to find a plane for his escape.
Gustavo was trying to find the way out.
Gustavo was trying to gather himself.
Gustavo was trying to hold himself together.
Gustavo was trying to remove the floorboards with a claw bar.
Gustavo was unattached.
Gustavo was waiting for Rima to show up.
Gustavo was walking both of his German Shepherds.
Gustavo was walking down the path.
Gustavo was walking from the basketball court to the sidewalk.
Gustavo was walking his German Shepherd down the road.
Gustavo was watching Rima intently.
Gustavo was watching a baby and mama moose.
Gustavo was working on a kidnapping case.
Gustavo wasn’t going to leave.
Gustavo watched Melissa walking home.
Gustavo watched Rima from his van.
Gustavo watched the dog the entire time.
Gustavo watched the farmers working in the field.
Gustavo watched the news about the coronavirus.
Gustavo watched the rescue operation from a distance.
Gustavo watched the soccer game on television.
Gustavo watches an action movie every Thursday.
Gustavo watches movies all day on Saturdays.
Gustavo waved Melissa to cross the road.
Gustavo waved at Melissa, then walked away.
Gustavo waved his friends over and they came.
Gustavo wears a microchip around his neck.
Gustavo went after his son.
Gustavo went back inside the bakery.
Gustavo went back inside.
Gustavo went back to his hideout.
Gustavo went back to the camp.
Gustavo went back to the demon realm.
Gustavo went for Rima’s gun.
Gustavo went inside the house.
Gustavo went on a solo camping trip in the Blida Atlas.
Gustavo went straight home.
Gustavo went tense.
Gustavo went the opposite way.
Gustavo went there without notifying the station.
Gustavo went to Rima’s office.
Gustavo went to a mall to buy some clothes and accessories.
Gustavo went to a public toilet.
Gustavo went to meet a beautiful woman.
Gustavo went to school in the next town to us.
Gustavo went to the barn.
Gustavo went to the cave where the demon was imprisoned.
Gustavo went to the demon realm.
Gustavo went to the farm.
Gustavo went to the leasing office to talk to the property manager.
Gustavo went to the movie premiere last night.
Gustavo went to the next bedroom.
Gustavo went to the ranch to help out.
Gustavo went to the resort parking lot.
Gustavo will be at the hospital soon.
Gustavo will be castrated.
Gustavo will have no help.
Gustavo will like it here, in Algiers.
Gustavo will take away Rima.
Gustavo won't see them again.
Gustavo won’t get lost.
Gustavo won’t hesitate to kill Rima if she becomes infected.
Gustavo works for a company named Nani.
Gustavo would have easily overpowered John in a fight.
Gustavo yelled at Melissa to hurry up and go.
Gustavo's German Shepherd is very protective of him.
Gustavo's German Shepherd loved running around the cabin's spacious yard.
Gustavo's Pitbull started coming at us.
Gustavo's action movie had breathtaking special effects.
Gustavo's action movie had intense fight scenes.
Gustavo's action movie was a box office success.
Gustavo's apartment was vacant.
Gustavo's cabin had a cozy loft with a reading nook.
Gustavo's cabin had a porch swing where he enjoyed reading his favorite books.
Gustavo's cabin had a small library stocked with books for relaxation.
Gustavo's cabin had a small sauna for relaxation and rejuvenation.
Gustavo's cabin had a spacious living room with comfortable furniture.
Gustavo's cabin had a stunning view of the mountains.
Gustavo's cabin had a well-maintained garden with a vegetable patch.
Gustavo's cabin had a wrap-around deck with stunning views.
Gustavo's cabin overlooked a picturesque lake.
Gustavo's cabin was a haven for birdwatchers, with various species visiting the area.
Gustavo's cabin was a peaceful retreat from the city's hustle and bustle.
Gustavo's cabin was a perfect place for stargazing on clear nights.
Gustavo's cabin was a popular destination for hikers exploring the nearby trails.
Gustavo's cabin was located in a secluded spot, away from the main road.
Gustavo's cabin was nestled among tall pine trees.
Gustavo's dream is to become a professional soccer player.
Gustavo's family and friends gathered at the cabin for a memorable Thanksgiving.
Gustavo's family joined him at the cabin during holidays.
Gustavo's favorite movie genre is sci-fi.
Gustavo's favorite movie is Star Wars.
Gustavo's favorite pastime was getting lost in the woods and immersing himself in nature's beauty.
Gustavo's footsteps echoed through the silent woods, creating a rhythmic melody.
Gustavo's footsteps left imprints in the soft earth of the woods.
Gustavo's friend borrowed his car.
Gustavo's friend brought him lunch.
Gustavo's friend called him yesterday.
Gustavo's friend cheered him up when he was sad.
Gustavo's friend encouraged him to try something new.
Gustavo's friend gave him a birthday gift.
Gustavo's friend gave him a ride to work.
Gustavo's friend gave him a tour of the city.
Gustavo's friend gave him advice about his career.
Gustavo's friend helped him fix his computer.
Gustavo's friend helped him move to his new apartment.
Gustavo's friend helped him plan a surprise party.
Gustavo's friend helped him with his homework.
Gustavo's friend introduced him to a new hobby.
Gustavo's friend lent him a book to read.
Gustavo's friend supported him during difficult times.
Gustavo's friend surprised him with a visit.
Gustavo's friend taught him a new recipe.
Gustavo's friend taught him how to play guitar.
Gustavo's friends gathered around the bonfire in the evenings.
Gustavo's heart swelled with joy as he witnessed the birth of new life in the woods, from delicate flowers to newborn animals.
Gustavo's house was a little away from the other houses in town.
Gustavo's house was completely demolished.
Gustavo's internship got extended by five days.
Gustavo's movie collection is impressive.
Gustavo's performance in the action movie was outstanding.
Gustavo's role in the action movie was highly challenging.
Gustavo's soccer coach gave him valuable advice.
Gustavo's soccer jersey number is 10.
Gustavo's soccer skills caught the attention of talent scouts.
Gustavo's soccer skills impressed the coach.
Gustavo's soccer skills improved significantly.
Gustavo's soccer team celebrated their victory.
Gustavo's soccer team is known for their strong defense.
Gustavo's soccer team is undefeated this season.
Gustavo's soccer team lost in the final minutes.
Gustavo's soccer team won the championship.
Gustavo's soccer teammates congratulated him on his goal.
Gustavo's soccer training includes fitness exercises.
Gustavo's story was boring.
Gustavo's team won the soccer tournament.
Gustavo's tone and mannerisms were really sinister.
Gustavo's window was already rolled down.
Gustavo's windows were boarded up.
Gustavo’s army exterminated Rima’s tribe.
Gustavo’s assumptions were correct.
Gustavo’s body started generating antibodies.
Gustavo’s body was beneath the ground.
Gustavo’s dog was repeatedly barking downstairs.
Gustavo’s family abandoned him.
Gustavo’s father disappeared.
Gustavo’s hard drive contains a lot of valuable information.
Gustavo’s has been reduced to ashes.
Gustavo’s house has been falling apart.
Gustavo’s life back at the camp was better.
Gustavo’s mom died because of a car crash.
Gustavo’s situation is not different.
Gustavo’s soul would never rest if he dies on the farm.
Gustavo’s story melted Rima’s heart.
Gustavo’s van got stuck.
Gustavo’s visa has expired.
Gustavo’s wife and son were missing.
Gustavo’s wife has also disappeared.
Gusts of wind and heavy rain struck Scotland on Wednesday.
Gusty winds are making journeys hazardous for high-sided vehicles.
Gusty winds are making journeys hazardous for top-heavy vehicles.
Gusty winds are making travel hazardous for high profile vehicles.
Gut bacteria break down soluble fiber, which includes pectin from apples, berries and citrus, into short chain fatty acids. Marsland says the fatty acids interact with spongy tissue inside the bones, where protective immune cells are produced, and help quiet immune system overactivity. An overzealous immune reaction can lead to inflammation.
Gut feelings play a role in science; they are called hypotheses, and then they are verified or disproven experimentally.
Gutenberg was German.
Guterres, who referred to himself as “a proud feminist,” also called for dismantling the “patriarchy” and moving toward gender parity.
Guthold says any kind of physical activity is good. This could include walking or biking to school, team sports, dancing, active domestic chores, physical education and planned exercise.
Guus Hiddink is Dutch.
Guy was born in Lille in 1949.
Guyana has experienced positive growth almost every year over the past decade.
Guys are always gonna have dicks.
Guys are obsessed with blowjobs.
Guys are predictable.
Guys are stupid.
Guys are supposed to respect girls.
Guys can be so stupid sometimes.
Guys can be stupid sometimes.
Guys do stupid things sometimes.
Guys have feelings too.
Guys have feelings, too.
Guys love playing football.
Guys see eyes.
Guys talk too little.
Guys that handsome are few and far between.
Guys want to be in control all the time.
Guys would line up to be Rima's sugar daddies.
Guys! Wait!
Guys, I gotta go.
Guys, I have to tell you something.
Guys, I'll do my utmost to back you up. We'll make this event a success no matter what!
Guys, I'm getting to my 1,000th sentence.
Guys, I'm really mad at you.
Guys, I’ll do my utmost to back you up. We’ll make this event a success no matter what!
Guys, better not bring up this topic. You're young and playful, and everything's easy for you. It's not what you think. It's not Chikatilo, and not even FBI archives. Better not venture here. I'm serious: you will regret it. Better abandon the topic and forget everything written here. I quite understand this message provokes more interest, but I want to warn the curious: stop. Those who don't will never be found again.
Guys, break's over!
Guys, can you give us some fun facts so that our listeners will never forget your countries?
Guys, can you slow down a little?
Guys, dinner's ready!
Guys, it's my time to go away.
Guys, it's time for me to go.
Guys, look! A birdie!
Guys, stop fighting!
Guys, take a look over here.
Guys, thanks a lot for coming today!
Guys, that just wasn't good enough.
Guys, there's something I have to tell you.
Guys, this year will be the year of monkey business.
Guys, we need to talk.
Guys, we've come here for nothing.
Guys, what are you talking about? Are you gonna steal my date!?
Guys, what do you think about a trip to the beach this weekend?
Guys, where are you?
Guys... really?
Guānyīn is like the Virgin Mary in Buddhism. In India, the same entity is male, Avalokiteśvara.
Gwalior is in Madhya Pradesh.
Gwonam ran a multi-level pyramid scheme.
Gwynn had never seen Ronnie in her racing kit before.
Gwynn is heading over to Cardiff to see his parents.
Gymnasts are among the most flexible of all athletes.
Gymnasts need to be both strong and flexible.
Gynaecology is the medical practice dealing with the health of the ovaries, uterus, vagina, and breasts.
Gyoza stuffing? I made some gyoza at home but, possibly because I didn't have enough dough, I had some of the filling left over.
Gyoza stuffing? I made some gyoza at home but, possibly because I didn’t have enough dough, I had some of the filling left over.
Gypsy culture is very centered on the family.
Gypsy traditions are unfamiliar to most gorgios.
Gérard de Nerval wrote Journey to the East.
Göbekli Tepe is a neolithic archaeological site in the Southeastern Anatolia Region of Turkey.
G’day.
H&M, which has seen sales slow, is starting to digitize certain areas of its manufacturing process.
H-1-Bees, the album, is a mix of English, Hindi and Tamil songs, and features other Indian-American musicians from the Washington area.
H-Hey! What're you up to!!
H-Hey! What’re you up to!!
H1N1 got very poor marks from Gallup on the job they did on swine flu.
HB2 is necessary for the safety and privacy of women and children.
HFCs are sometimes called “super” greenhouse gases because they are up to 4,000 times more potent than carbon dioxide.
HIV and AIDS are not the same thing.
HIV infects and destroys the immune system’s CD-4 T-cells, so the body gradually loses its ability to fight off infections, eventually with lethal consequences in untreated individuals.
HIV is a retrovirus.
HMAS Adelaide was to have been scuttled in March, 1.5 kilometers off Avoca Beach north of Sydney in New South Wales, to create an artificial diving site.
HP can only be restored with a golden apple.
HSBC bank dubbed it “Pho’nomenal Vietnam,” a reference to the iconic noodle soup, in a report last week that said it is the only economy in the region that will grow in 2020.
HTML isn't a programming language. It's a hypertext markup language.
HTML stands for HyperText Markup Language.
HTTP 2 just adds a new layer of complexity without solving any real-world problems.
Ha - this work finished! Let’s go to next stage!
Ha - this work's finished! Let's move on to the next stage!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha, very funny.
Ha ha! She couldn't hide her nerves.
Ha ha! She couldn't hide her nervousness.
Ha ha, I just dreamt that I won five million RMB.
Ha ha, I must laugh. NATO, WHO and the other ones. North Atlantic Terror Organisation, World Homicide Organisation. These just take our tax, our money and bring only devastation.
Ha!
Ha! Ha! I'm using the Internet!
Ha! I beat you.
Ha! The stars are out and the wind has fallen. What do you say to a ramble through London?
Ha! You should've thought of that earlier!
Ha, I made you look.
Ha, as if you had a choice.
Ha-ha ... She isn't human. She's a robot; A-n-d-r-o-i-d.
Ha-ha ... She isn’t human. She’s a robot; A-n-d-r-o-i-d.
Ha-ha, you always stretch when class is over don't you?
Ha-ha, you always stretch when class is over don’t you?
Ha-ha-ha, pray forgive me. Please don't worry yourself about that!
Ha-ha-ha, pray forgive me. Please don’t worry yourself about that!
Ha-ha-ha-hah! No worry! I brazenly bluffed.
Ha-yoon is a Korean citizen.
Haaland scored five goals in one match again.
Haaland wore a traditional Indigenous ribbon skirt created by a Saskatchewan-born artist at her swearing in as Secretary of the Interior.
Habeas corpus is a very ancient principle of the common law.
Haben Girma, a lawyer born deaf and blind, has advocated for accessibility from her hometown of Oakland, California, all the way to the White House.
Habit converts luxurious enjoyments into dull and daily necessities.
Habit is a second nature.
Habit is second nature.
Habit is to the mind what arteriosclerosis is to the veins.
Habit often becomes second nature.
Habit rules the unreflecting herd.
Habits are difficult to break.
Habits are hard to break.
Habits can be both positive and negative.
Habits can be very strong.
Habits can drive our actions and decisions.
Habits can have a powerful influence.
Habits can impact our overall well-being.
Habits often become hard to break.
Habits turned into abuses.
Habituated animals are vulnerable to vessel strikes or vandalism, and can be dangerous to people.
Hachoo! Somebody must be gossiping about me.
Hackers are adept at getting around computer security measures.
Hackers break into computers without permission.
Hackers could steal your data on public hotspots.
Hackers find new ways and means to penetrate private and public networks.
Hackers find new ways of infiltrating private or public networks.
Hackers stole $70 millions in Bitcoin.
Hackers were able to break into the company's computer system and undermine its network security.
Had I arrived earlier, I could have seen Kelly.
Had I arrived earlier, I could've seen Tom.
Had I been a bird, I could have flown to you.
Had I better go with you?
Had I but known what she intended, I might have forestalled this debacle.
Had I but seen it coming, I should have nipped this revolting development in the bud.
Had I done my best, I might have succeeded.
Had I gotten this letter sooner, I'd have acted differently.
Had I had a little more money, I would have bought it.
Had I had a little more money, I would have bought them.
Had I had enough money, I would have bought that computer.
Had I known Tom wasn't going to help you, I would've offered my help.
Had I known about it, I would have told you.
Had I known earlier, I could have done something about it.
Had I known earlier, I could've done something about it.
Had I known her address, I would have written to her.
Had I known his address, I would have written to him.
Had I known it, I would have told you.
Had I known it, I'd have told you about that.
Had I known it, I’d have told you about that.
Had I known more about his character, I would not have trusted him.
Had I known that you would be so happy about this bike, I would have gotten you one much earlier!
Had I known that, I wouldn't have come.
Had I known that, I wouldn't have said such a thing to her.
Had I known that, I wouldn't have told Tom what you saw last week in Boston.
Had I known that, I wouldn’t have said such a thing to her.
Had I known the truth, I would have told it to you.
Had I known the truth, I would’ve stayed.
Had I known you'd be here, I wouldn't have come.
Had I known your telephone number, I would have called you.
Had I known, I would have acted sooner.
Had I known, I wouldn't have done that.
Had I known, I would’ve acted.
Had I known, I would’ve done the same.
Had I realized what you intended, I wouldn't have agreed.
Had I realized what you intended, I wouldn’t have agreed.
Had I said something stupid?
Had I spoken French?
Had I started to socialize with people in the past, maybe I would be a different person now, but, because of the shy disposition I had at that time, now I really have few friends.
Had I taken note of it, I wouldn't have forgotten it then!
Had I taken that plane, I would be dead by now.
Had I the money, I would immediately acquire this computer.
Had I written it down, I wouldn't have forgotten it.
Had Igor opened the door to that man, he wouldn't be with us today.
Had King Tut died of a head injury, Selim says the 1,900 cross-sectional CT images would have showed the two bone fragments inside the skull fused with embalming resin.
Had Mary not vehemently opposed the doctors and continued the resuscitation attempts, Tom wouldn't have come back to us alive those twenty-five years ago.
Had Moses seen my beloved's face reddened from drunkenness, and his beautiful curls and majesty, he would not have written in his Torah: "do not lie with a man."
Had Napoleon been born in this century, what could he have done?
Had Sir Charles received any other letters in the same writing?
Had Tom seen you last week?
Had Tom turned off his phone on purpose?
Had Ziri not found Rima, she would not have survive.
Had any stranger passed by he would have wept also; for the whole flower garden was wrecked; naught remained but trampled mould and remnants of plants, with here and there some solitary flower that had escaped being crushed to pieces, and which with its colours yet gay and bright looked still beautiful, though fallen.
Had he been there, he would have told you to mind your manners.
Had he been there, would you have wanted to come?
Had he discovered a gold mine, greater delight could not have shone upon his features.
Had he heard the news, he might have been shocked.
Had he known the facts, the accident might have been avoided.
Had he known the truth, he would have told me.
Had he known what was about to happen, he would have changed his plan.
Had he known, he wouldn't have gone.
Had he not promised that he would return?
Had he taken his doctor's advice, he might not have died.
Had he taken his doctor’s advice, he might not have died.
Had he tried it once more, he would have succeeded in it.
Had he worked harder, he could have succeeded.
Had it been anyone else, they might have failed.
Had it been anyone else, things would be different.
Had it been different, I would have stayed.
Had it been different, we wouldn’t be here.
Had it been easier, everyone would have done it.
Had it been easier, everyone would have tried.
Had it been easier, they would have succeeded.
Had it been easier, we wouldn’t be here.
Had it been easier, we’d have finished by now.
Had it been easier, we’d have finished.
Had it been the object or the intention of Jesus Christ to establish a new religion, he would undoubtedly have written the system himself, or procured it to be written in his life time.
Had it been up to me, I’d have stayed.
Had it been up to me, things would have changed.
Had it not been for her, I would be lost.
Had it not been for his aid, I could not have finished the work.
Had it not been for his help, I couldn't have finished the report.
Had it not been for his help, I couldn’t have finished the report.
Had it not been for his help, I should have failed.
Had it not been for the map, we wouldn't have found the way.
Had it not been for the money, we would not have succeeded.
Had it not been for the rain, they would have stayed.
Had it not been for this error, our team could have won the match.
Had it not been for your advice he would have been ruined.
Had it not been for your cooperation, I could not have finished the work in time.
Had it not been for your courage, we would have been killed.
Had it not been for your courage, you would have been killed.
Had it not been for your help, I could not have done it.
Had it not been for your help, I couldn't have done it.
Had it not been for your help, I couldn't have done that.
Had it not been for your help, I couldn’t have done it.
Had it not been for your help, I would have been fired.
Had it not been for your help, I would have failed.
Had it not been for your raincoat, I would have been drenched to the skin.
Had it worked, everything would’ve changed.
Had it worked, they would have celebrated.
Had it worked, we’d be celebrating.
Had she asked, I would’ve stayed.
Had she been a friend of mine, I would have advised her not to do that.
Had she been alive, my mother would have given me a hand then.
Had she been there before?
Had she fallen out with anyone?
Had she known it was I who sent the gift, she would not have accepted it.
Had she known the results, she would have been shocked.
Had she known, everything would be different.
Had she known, she wouldn't have gone.
Had she known, she would’ve stayed.
Had she listened, none of this would have happened.
Had she stayed, everything would be different.
Had she stayed, things might be different.
Had she switched off her phone on purpose?
Had she told me the truth in the first place, I wouldn't be angry now.
Had she told me the truth in the first place, I wouldn’t be angry now.
Had the commander remained in situ, he would have been considered for the position.
Had the decision been yours, what would you have done?
Had the elephant and the giraffe not had common ancestors, how might one possibly have observed that they had an exactly equal number of vertebrae in their necks?
Had these superspreaders been identified early and treated at community health facilities with infection-control procedures, the epidemic may have been contained.
Had they acted differently, things might have been better.
Had they acted earlier, things would’ve changed.
Had they acted sooner, it could have been avoided.
Had they acted sooner, it would’ve been different.
Had they acted sooner, things might be different.
Had they acted sooner, we wouldn’t be here.
Had they asked for help, things would be different.
Had they asked sooner, we would’ve helped.
Had they known earlier, they would have acted differently.
Had they known the risks, they’d have prepared better.
Had they known what was about to happen, they would have changed their plans.
Had they known what was about to happen, they would've changed their plans.
Had they known, they would have acted.
Had they known, they wouldn’t have waited.
Had they known, they’d have acted differently.
Had they known, things would be different.
Had they left a little earlier, they would have avoided the traffic jam.
Had they listened, things would be different now.
Had they listened, this wouldn’t have happened.
Had they listened, we wouldn’t be here.
Had they listened, we wouldn’t be in this mess.
Had they prepared better, we wouldn’t be here now.
Had they prepared, this wouldn’t have happened.
Had they stayed longer, it wouldn’t have happened.
Had they stayed longer, things would be different.
Had they stayed, everything would be different.
Had they stayed, things would be different.
Had they stayed, things would’ve changed.
Had they waited just a little longer, they’d have seen the truth.
Had they waited longer, they might have seen the truth.
Had they waited, they might have seen the truth.
Had we acted differently, where would we be now?
Had we acted differently, who knows what would’ve happened?
Had we acted differently, would the outcome change?
Had we acted earlier, it would be over by now.
Had we acted sooner, it might have been different.
Had we acted sooner, things would be different.
Had we known earlier, we could have acted.
Had we known earlier, we could have prepared.
Had we known the risks, we wouldn’t have stayed.
Had we known the risks, we’d have acted differently.
Had we known the truth, we wouldn’t be here.
Had we known, we would have acted differently.
Had we known, we wouldn't have gone.
Had we known, we would’ve planned better.
Had we known, we’d have acted sooner.
Had we known, we’d have planned better.
Had we known, would things be different?
Had we left home at seven, we could have arrived on time.
Had we listened, things would be different now.
Had we not tried, we’d regret it forever.
Had we planned better, we wouldn’t be here.
Had we planned better, we’d be finished by now.
Had we seen it earlier, we could’ve acted.
Had we tried harder, things might be different.
Had we tried harder, we wouldn’t be here.
Had we understood the risks, we’d have planned differently.
Had we waited any longer, we’d have lost the chance.
Had we waited, it would’ve been too late.
Had we waited, we’d have lost everything.
Had you all been fighting when she left?
Had you asked sooner, I would’ve helped.
Had you been drinking?
Had you been there, you would understand.
Had you been to this bar before?
Had you come a little earlier, you could have met her.
Had you ever done that before?
Had you ever heard that before?
Had you ever seen that guy before?
Had you met her aunt before you married May?
Had you noticed?
Had you run all the way, you'd have got there in time.
Had you run all the way, you’d have got there in time.
Had you seen snow before you came to this town?
Haddenham is famous for its wychert walls and historic cottages.
Haddock are closely related to cod.
Haddock are gadids, meaning they are in the same family as cod.
Haddock can lay over a million eggs in one spawning.
Haddock live in the North Atlantic.
Haddock live near the bottom of the sea, but not in the parts where the sea is deepest.
Hadi ama, böyle işte.
Hadi fled to Aden in February 2015 and rescinded his resignation.
Hadn't we better be going now?
Hadn't we better be going soon?
Hadn't we better go now?
Hadn't you noticed?
Hadn't you spoken English?
Hadn’t I told you?
Hadn’t we better be going now?
Hadn’t we better be going soon?
Hadn’t we better go now?
Hadudu is the national sport in Bangladesh.
Haftar is a dictator.
Haftar is an enemy of Algeria.
Haftar is killing innocent people in Libya.
Haftar is killing innocent people in Tripoli.
Haftar threatened Algeria.
Haftar threatened to start a war with Algeria.
Haftar wants to make Libya a military state.
Haftar wants to transform Libya into a military dictatorship.
Haftar's "army" of mercenaries controls almost two thirds of Libya.
Haftar's army is just a bunch of militias.
Haftar, a Libyan warlord supported by Egypt, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates, threatened to attack Algeria, a nation that has one of the most powerful armies in Africa.
Haftar, a Libyan warlord, is seeking to control Libya's capital, Tripoli.
Haftar, a Libyan warlord, returned to Libya in 2011.
Hagfish can produce amazing amounts of mucus.
Haggis is a traditional Scottish dish.
Haggling does not obligate you to buy.
Haggling is common in markets.
Haggling is normal in this country.
Hagåtña is the capital of Guam.
Hah! Doctor, you certainly have a way with words. No way in hell I'd fund that! I'd go bankrupt before you even finished the first phase...dammit, I'm in.
Hah! I wish all my textbooks were $40! Some of them are almost $100!
Hah! I wish my all my textbooks were $40! Some of them are almost $100!
Hah! They won't even let me make a reservation.
Hah, that proves I was right!
Hah, your 'forbidden magics' aren't going to work with me!
Hah, your ’forbidden magics’ aren’t going to work with me!
Haha, cute.
Haha, good one!
Haha, he cries like a girl!
Haha, just kidding... unless?
Haha, very funny.
Haha, your pants did not survive the wash.
Haha.
Hahaha!
Hahaha! Do you want to kill all flies?
Hahaha! That's a very good idea!
Haijo loves frikandels.
Haiku are closely related to the seasons of the year.
Haiku is a poetic form originating in Japan.
Haiku is a very short poem.
Haikus suit the Japanese language far better than they do English.
Hail Caesar! Those who are about to die greet you!
Hail Gorbachev!
Hail Mary, full of grace.
Hail Mary.
Hail Satan!
Hail a cab.
Hail a taxi.
Hail all faithful souls, whose bodies here and everywhere do rest in the dust.
Hail and farewell, brother.
Hail the Soviet Union!
Hail!
Hail, Caesar!
Hail, Caesar! Those who are about to die salute you!
Hail, Caesar, those who are about to die salute you!
Hail, Caesar, those who are about to die salute you.
Hail, O free homeland, millenary union of fraternal peoples, popular wisdom inherited from our ancestors! Hail, our homeland! We are proud of you!
Hail, Queen, mother of mercy.
Hail, friend.
Hail, friends.
Hail, guildbrother.
Hail, guildsister.
Hail, milord.
Hail, teacher, whom I must heed.
Hailing a cab in Manhattan at 5:00 p.m. is nearly impossible.
Hailstones are formed when raindrops are carried upward by thunderstorm updrafts into extremely cold areas of the atmosphere and freeze. Hailstones then grow by colliding with liquid water drops that freeze onto the hailstone’s surface. If the water freezes instantaneously when colliding with the hailstone, cloudy ice will form as air bubbles will be trapped in the newly formed ice. However, if the water freezes slowly, the air bubbles can escape and the new ice will be clear. The hail falls when the thunderstorm’s updraft can no longer support the weight of the hailstone, which can occur if the stone becomes large enough or the updraft weakens.
Hailstones the size of golf balls wreaked havoc on the city overnight.
Hair and nous don't fit in one head.
Hair colour has a psychological effect on people.
Hair is good.
Hair loss is due to various reasons.
Hair loss is often hereditary.
Hair pulling isn’t cool; let’s find better games.
Hair samples offer a simple but accurate test as to whether anti-retrovirals are suppressing the virus.
Hairdos can be long and feminine, short and boyish or fringed for a lion’s mane.
Hairy monsters can be found lurking near the emergency exit.
Haiti has no confirmed cases of COVID-19.
Haiti is a nation that seems hopelessly impoverished.
Haiti is called "Ayiti" in Haitian Creole.
Haiti is the most African country in the Americas.
Haiti tries to recover from Hurricane Matthew's battering, while Floridians and other residents of the southern part of the U.S. East Coast brace for the storm's wrath.
Haiti's electoral council released its final list of candidates late Friday, after a delay that officials said was necessary to study the eligibility of the 34 people who were seeking to run for president.
Haitian officials quarantined bus passengers Wednesday in the neighborhood of Tabarre, after one bus passenger died before crossing the border into Haiti.
Haitians must be smart to have defeated the French at the height of their power.
Haiti’s first suspected coronavirus case has tested negative.
Hakan was fond of girls.
Halal food is food Muslims can eat.
Halal food is served on the fourth floor.
Half a chicken with fries, please.
Half a day passed and Ziri didn't show up.
Half a dozen is six.
Half a dozen pairs of red overalls were hanging there on the wall.
Half a loaf is better than no bread.
Half a loaf is better than none.
Half a mile in this direction brought him to a lane running between two farm tracts but which was so little used that grass and weeds had nearly obliterated all traces of wagon-wheels.
Half a million children still face malnutrition in Niger.
Half a million reals were stolen from this bank's ATM.
Half a year felt like such a long time, but it's gone by so fast.
Half ahead!
Half an eye is very useful actually, because an animal can see half of another animal, which wants to eat it, and can get out of the way, and it will eat the animal, which has only one-half eye or only 49% of an eye, because this to it will not be enough, and the animal, which was eaten up, will have no children, because it is dead.
Half an hour before arrival, he knocked on the door to her compartment to wake her up.
Half an hour before their arrival, he knocked on the door to their compartment to wake them up.
Half an hour before they were due to arrive, he knocked on her compartment door to wake her.
Half an hour had passed since sunset, but the warmth of day still lingered in the air.
Half an hour is thirty minutes.
Half an hour passed, but everything remained as before.
Half an hour passed, but everything remained unchanged.
Half an hour passed, but everything stayed the same.
Half an hour passed, during which she looked around at everything without noticing the ship had already sailed.
Half an hour passed.
Half an hour wasn't enough for me.
Half an hour went by, but nothing changed.
Half and half?
Half astern!
Half confidences are worse than none.
Half empty or half full? He's full of it!
Half for you and half for me.
Half her goods were sold cheap.
Half in my dreams I was dimly conscious that something was going on in the room.
Half is already gone.
Half of English is just bad Latin.
Half of Ethiopia's external debt is owed to China.
Half of Janos's food was gone.
Half of Mennad's friends went to a different high school.
Half of Tom's family comes from the country.
Half of Ziri's teeth were missing.
Half of all Kabyles live in France.
Half of all Norwegian women know nothing about their retirement.
Half of his class can write with both hands; they're ambidextrous.
Half of my class like dogs.
Half of my family is gone.
Half of my fortune is gone.
Half of my money is gone.
Half of my property is gone.
Half of one's life is a pathetic case of Schadenfreude. The other half is wallowing in one's own misery.
Half of our employees are Canadians.
Half of our fuel comes from Algeria.
Half of six is three.
Half of ten is five.
Half of the Japanese people lead stressful lives.
Half of the apple was rotten.
Half of the apples Tom gave me were rotten.
Half of the apples are rotten.
Half of the apples that Tom gave me were rotten.
Half of the apples were rotten.
Half of the audience fell asleep.
Half of the bananas in the basket were rotten.
Half of the bottles of wine in the case that Tom bought were corked.
Half of the children’s sugar intake comes from drink, sweets, cereals and yoghurts.
Half of the clothes pegs are missing.
Half of the clothes pegs have gone missing.
Half of the clothespins are gone.
Half of the clothespins are missing.
Half of the forest will be cut down to build hotels to accommodate the tourists who come to visit the forest.
Half of the house always belonged to Donald.
Half of the island remains uninhabitable.
Half of the magazine's pages are advertisements.
Half of the melon was eaten.
Half of the melons were eaten.
Half of the movie was made with CGI.
Half of the people in the office took a day off.
Half of the people working here are Canadians.
Half of the pupils are absent.
Half of the school's restrooms are always occupied.
Half of the signposts in the area are pointing in the wrong direction.
Half of the street lights weren't even on.
Half of the students are absent.
Half of the town burnt down in the fire.
Half of the vendors were busy trying to make ends meet and had no knowledge or incorrect information about the virus.
Half of the world has something to say but can't; the other half don't, but won't shut up.
Half of the world is searching for the other half.
Half of the world's species live in tropical rainforests.
Half of the world’s population lives in cities.
Half of them are students.
Half of them don't work.
Half of them said that the proposed law hurts the freedom of speech instead of strengthening it.
Half of these apples are rotten.
Half of these are Tom's.
Half of these are mine.
Half of these books are Tom's.
Half of these things are from Australia.
Half of this is yours.
Half of this money belongs to Tom.
Half of this money is Tom's.
Half of those asked didn't know what to answer.
Half of us are Algerian.
Half of what Tom says isn't true.
Half of what Tom says isn’t true.
Half of what we write is harmful; the other half is useless.
Half of you are idiots.
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save.
Half the apples Tom gave me were rotten.
Half the apples that Tom gave me were rotten.
Half the audience fell asleep.
Half the battle is attitude, and you have a great one.
Half the camp went on a hike.
Half the class are girls.
Half the class say that they drink coffee.
Half the fun of exchanging presents at a party is to see and talk about what everyone else brought.
Half the fun of giving and receiving presents at any party is to see and talk about what everyone else brought.
Half the girls in this town drool over him.
Half the harm that is done in this world is due to people who want to feel important.
Half the lights were off to save on electricity.
Half the memes I see don't make sense anymore.
Half the office took a day off.
Half the office was under renovation.
Half the pain of chest waxing is in the anticipation.
Half the pool was cordoned off for use by lap swimmers.
Half the population has the old hunter-gatherer genes for metabolizing glucose. This explains why diets are pure nonsense.
Half the pupils were absent.
Half the species are woman.
Half the students were absent.
Half the suspects were white.
Half the toilets at my school are always closed.
Half the toilets at my school are always occupied.
Half the world knows not how the other half lives.
Half unconcious, I asked the nurse to marry me.
Half-Life: Alyx is widely expected to be a killer app for VR.
Half-asleep, he stumbled over his cat.
Half-consciously I grabbed for my purse.
Half-dead with fright, and trembling in every limb, the poor children lay down to sleep on a heap of straw in the corner of the hut.
Half-destroyed walls used to stand there.
Half-done work is not his style.
Half-forgotten music danced through his mind.
Half-hearted cutbacks that can't save money leave JAL's rehabilitation in doubt.
Half-hearted cutbacks that can’t save money leave JAL’s rehabilitation in doubt.
Half-hidden under his beard his emaciated lips kept the monotonous grimace of a smile on his face.
Half-time came to an end, and the players walked back on to the pitch.
Halfway back from school I played with a girl who was walking her dog.
Halfway the stairs, Paul stopped and called Amelia.
Halfway there, Tom started to miss Mary, and he turned back.
Halfway through the drive, it started snowing.
Halfway through the lecture, she began to feel sick.
Halfway through the lesson, Jocelyn passed a cassette to Chris under the desk.
Halfway through the second chapter I realized I hadn't taken anything in.
Halfway through the second chapter I realized I hadn’t taken anything in.
Halibut are fish.
Halle-bloody-lujah!
Hallelujah is an expression of praise or thanks to God.
Hallelujah!
Hallelujah! I've found my dog.
Hallelujah.
Halley has a highly elongated orbit that takes it very close to the Sun and then flings it out into the outer solar system, well past the orbit of Pluto.
Halley is perhaps the most famous comet in history.
Halley is the comet that proved correct Edmund Halley's prediction that it would reappear.
Halley's Comet comes round once every eighty years.
Halley's Comet is the best known because it can be seen with the naked eye as it passes by periodically. It was first noticed more than 2,000 years ago. Astronomers have observed and documented its appearances, which has helped them understand comets in general. The comet was named after 17th-century British astronomer Edmond Halley, who computed the rate of its movement from his 1682 observations and predicted that it would reappear in 1758, long after his death.
Halley's Comet made a close approach in 1910.
Halley's Comet shower is the most spectacular for viewers in the southern hemisphere. It is best seen from Australia, New Zealand, Africa and South America, where gazers may see as many as 40 "falling stars" in the sky. But northern viewers can admire the radiant show above the horizon in predawn hours, away from city lights or moonlight.
Halley's Comet will come back in 2061.
Halley's comet has been known about since prehistoric times.
Halley's comet is depicted inside the Bayeux Tapestry.
Halley's comet is one of the best-known comets.
Halley's comet makes an appearance once every 76 years.
Halley's comet was named after Sir Edmond Halley.
Halley’s Comet comes round once every eighty years.
Halley’s Comet will come back in 2061.
Hallo!
Halloumi is a salty cheese that can be fried or grilled.
Hallowed be thy name.
Halloween can be a very dangerous holiday for kids.
Halloween comes but once a year.
Halloween evolved from spooky origins in England, Ireland and Scotland where the Celts believed the dead could walk among the living during the transition between the seasons.
Halloween feels a lot spookier in a rural area.
Halloween has become very commercialized.
Halloween has just begun.
Halloween is a busy time for us.
Halloween is a highly anticipated event for children across the United States.
Halloween is a long way away.
Halloween is a magical night.
Halloween is a pagan holiday.
Halloween is a secular holiday.
Halloween is almost here.
Halloween is around the corner.
Halloween is celebrated in October.
Halloween is coming up fast.
Halloween is coming up.
Halloween is coming.
Halloween is fast approaching.
Halloween is finally here!
Halloween is goyish Purim.
Halloween is great.
Halloween is in October.
Halloween is in three days.
Halloween is just a few days away.
Halloween is just a few weeks away.
Halloween is just around the corner.
Halloween is lame.
Halloween is my favorite holiday.
Halloween is next week.
Halloween is not a part of Brazilian culture, but it has become more and more popular over the last few years.
Halloween is not a religious holiday.
Halloween is not exactly like the Mexican Day of the Dead.
Halloween is officially here.
Halloween is only a day away.
Halloween is only a few weeks away.
Halloween is only days away.
Halloween is over!
Halloween is over.
Halloween is quite different when you live in a quiet and isolated area.
Halloween is right around the corner.
Halloween is so fun.
Halloween is still a few days away.
Halloween is still three days away.
Halloween is still weeks away.
Halloween is stupid.
Halloween is supposed to be scary.
Halloween is the time of witches and ghosts.
Halloween is the time to get spooky!
Halloween is this weekend.
Halloween is three months away.
Halloween is three weeks away.
Halloween is tomorrow night.
Halloween is tomorrow.
Halloween is unbearable.
Halloween is vaguely Christian, although its roots are in Celtic paganism.
Halloween isn't a religious holiday.
Halloween isn't for a month.
Halloween isn't until tomorrow.
Halloween may have evolved from spooky origins in England, Ireland and Scotland — where the Celts believed the dead could walk among the living during the transition between the seasons — but in America, Halloween is now mostly about candy, costumes and pumpkins.
Halloween of 2004 was the most terrifying night of my life.
Halloween only comes once a year.
Halloween season is pretty hectic.
Halloween used to be my favorite holiday.
Halloween used to be one of Alberto's favorite holidays.
Halloween was brought to North America by immigrants from Europe who would celebrate the harvest around a bonfire, share ghost stories, sing, and tell fortunes.
Halloween was fun.
Halloween was last month.
Halloween was last week.
Halloween was like a month ago, Tom.
Halloween was my least favorite holiday.
Halloween was on Thursday.
Halloween was originally a Celtic festival.
Halloween was three days ago.
Halloween was yesterday.
Halloween won't be any fun without you.
Halloween's celebrated in October.
Halloween's coming up.
Halloween's coming.
Halloween's for kids.
Halloween's just for fun.
Halloween's next month.
Halloween's next week.
Halloween's only a week away.
Halloween's over.
Halloween's so lame.
Halloween's tomorrow.
Hallucinogen use can trigger certain psychiatric conditions in people with a predisposition to them.
Halt!
Halt! Stay right where you are or I'll shoot!
Halt! Who goes there!
Halt! You are not allowed to park here!
Halting the decline of the planet's ecosystems may be the most difficult challenge humanity has ever faced.
Halve that!
Halvorsen spent his free time out of the cockpit tying candy to small, hand-made parachutes that could be dropped out of the window of his aircraft while coming in for a landing over the city of Berlin.
Halvorsen was one of hundreds of pilots who flew missions in and out of Berlin, and immortalized the event in personal films taken during the operation, where the children became the star of his movies and his memories.
Halvorsen’s superiors, recognizing the impact his candy drops were having on the morale of those in blockaded Berlin, eventually supported his initiative that ultimately delivered tons of candy and chocolate.
Ham can be eaten hot or cold.
Ham comes from the hind leg of a pig.
Ham is cured pig meat.
Hama has been liberated!
Hama is free!
Haman drew lots to decide what would be the fate of the Jews.
Hamas considers it a sacrilege for a non-Muslim state to exist in Palestine, but also kills women and children, contrary to the Qur'an.
Hamas has committed an ISIS type massacre of innocent Israeli civilians on October 7th 2023.
Hamas is a terrorist entity.
Hamas is allied with the Houthis, a movement who ethnically cleansed Yemen's last remaining indigenous Jewish community.
Hamas is holding the entire population of the Gaza Strip hostage.
Hamas is part of a regional alliance that includes Iran, the Alawite government of Syria, the Islamist organization Hezbollah in Lebanon and Yemen's Houthis.
Hamas launched many swift attacks on Israeli settlements in southern Israel.
Hamas needs to free the hostages in Gaza.
Hamas staged a shocking assault on southern Israel.
Hamas still to this day denies the Holocaust.
Hamas's surprise attack on Israel happened on the Jewish holiday of Simchat Torah.
Hamas, the Houthis, and their masters are not anti-Zionist; they want to kill Jews everywhere.
Hamburg is Germany's largest port and also the third-largest port in Europe.
Hamburg is Germany's second largest city.
Hamburg is Germany’s largest port and also the third-largest port in Europe.
Hamburg is on the Elbe.
Hamburg lies on the Elbe.
Hamburger patties are typically made of ground beef.
Hamburgers aren't made from ham.
Hamburgers aren't made of ham.
Hamburgers have gone up this week.
Hamilton did not like Adams.
Hamilton died on the last day.
Hamilton died the next day.
Hamilton is the capital of Bermuda.
Hamilton protested against British rule.
Hamilton's ideas were extreme.
Hamilton's ideas were not popular.
Hamilton’s ideas were extreme.
Hamilton’s ideas were not popular.
Hamisi doesn't use milk.
Hamisi doesn't use sugar.
Hamisi doesn't want sugar.
Hamisi uses sugar.
Hamisi wants sugar.
Hamlet acts as if he were insane.
Hamlet has a clear understanding of the situation, understands that he is in the wrong no matter what he does, and realizes the consequences of his actions. He is, therefore, not mad.
Hamlet is Shakespeare's play.
Hamlet is a person more prone to contemplate than to act.
Hamlet is a person who tends to contemplate more than act.
Hamlet is a play by Shakespeare.
Hamlet is a terrible person.
Hamlet is by William Shakespeare.
Hamlet is very much a man who can't make up his mind.
Hamlet probably didn't want to get married. There was only one Hamlet, however there are many people like him.
Hamlet proclaimed that he was not mad, but only pretended to be mad. Could it be, that he was mad all along? Or maybe he wasn't mad at first, but later on - as things became more and more complicated - he started to really lose his mind? Or maybe, he wasn't mad at all?
Hamlet spends the first half of the play buying time so he won't have to make a decision, and his madness allows him the freedom to wander unopposed.
Hamlet, thou hast thy father much offended.
Hamlin is a city on the River Weser.
Hammer the nail in.
Hamoud is Algeria's favorite soft drink.
Hamsters are adorable.
Hamsters are cute.
Hamsters are nocturnal animals and prefer sleeping during the day.
Hamsters are nocturnal animals.
Han shot first!
Han, Manchu, Mongol, Hui and Tibetan people (as well as other minority groups in China) are as dear to each other as members of one family.
Han, Manchu, Mongol, Hui and Tibetan people (as well as other minority groups in China) are kins in one family.
Hana is a Japanese citizen.
Hanako and Taro went to eat some sushi.
Hanako called his bluff.
Hanako came all the way from Hokkaido in order to see her father.
Hanako decided to go to Paris.
Hanako forgot her umbrella again.
Hanako grew taller than her mother.
Hanako has attended an American college for four years.
Hanako has decided to go to Paris.
Hanako has forgotten her umbrella again.
Hanako impressed the guests no less by her exotic beauty and elegance than by her erudition and refined conversation.
Hanako is set on going to Paris.
Hanako likes cake a lot.
Hanako likes cake very much.
Hanako loves cakes.
Hanako made the final payment on her car, and felt very satisfied.
Hanako put her face against the wall and started counting. "One Mississippi, two Mississippi, three Mississippi, four Mississippi, five Mississippi, six Mississippi, seven Mississippi, eight Mississippi, nine Mississippi, ten Mississippi! Are you ready yet?" "Not yet." 
"Now are you ready?" "Yes, you can come out now." When she heard that, Hanako began searching for her friends who had hidden while she was counting.
Hanako questioned his sincerity.
Hanako really likes cake.
Hanako seems quiet, but she also get things done when it’s necessary.
Hanako seems quiet, but she gets things done when it's necessary.
Hanako turned her head towards the wall and began counting: "O—ne, Two—, Three—, Four—, Five—, Six—, Se—ven, Eight—, Nine—, Ten. Ready?" "Not yet." 
"Ready now?" "Ready." She then began to look for her friends who had hidden themselves in the meantime.
Hanako turned out to be a surprisingly nice person.
Hanako walked through the hallway making a clicking sound.
Hanako's favorite anime is "Night on the Galactic Railroad".
Hand Tom a microphone.
Hand Tom the mic.
Hand back the tape tomorrow.
Hand in a bibliography of your sources.
Hand in hand the task will be easy.
Hand in hand to make life bearable.
Hand in hand with freedom of speech goes the power to be heard, to share in the decisions of government which shape men's lives. Everything that makes man's life worthwhile -- family, work, education, a place to rear one's children and a place to rest one's head -- all this depends on decisions of government; all can be swept away by a government which does not heed the demands of its people.
Hand in hand, heaviness becomes lightness.
Hand in hand, we lay in the grass, side by side, watching the clouds pass by.
Hand in hand.
Hand in the three sheets of paper together.
Hand in your examination papers.
Hand in your homework by next Monday.
Hand in your homework.
Hand in your papers at once.
Hand in your papers.
Hand in your report by tomorrow.
Hand in your report.
Hand injuries from cutting avocados are common.
Hand it over to me.
Hand it over!
Hand it over.
Hand it over. That's all you've got?
Hand it over. That’s all you’ve got?
Hand it to Tom.
Hand it to him.
Hand it to me.
Hand me a clothes peg.
Hand me a clothespin.
Hand me a fig.
Hand me a fork.
Hand me a sponge.
Hand me a tissue.
Hand me a towel.
Hand me my glasses.
Hand me my hat.
Hand me my mug.
Hand me my slippers.
Hand me my sword!
Hand me my sword.
Hand me my towel.
Hand me one of those knives, please.
Hand me something cold that could make the flames die out gradually.
Hand me that Algerian flag.
Hand me that bag.
Hand me that bar of soap.
Hand me that book, please.
Hand me that book.
Hand me that box of pins.
Hand me that box.
Hand me that broom.
Hand me that gun.
Hand me that hammer.
Hand me that jar.
Hand me that knife.
Hand me that lamp.
Hand me that laptop.
Hand me that magazine.
Hand me that mike.
Hand me that notebook.
Hand me that oven mitt.
Hand me that phone.
Hand me that plank.
Hand me that scalpel, on the double!
Hand me that screwdriver.
Hand me that small screwdriver.
Hand me that spanner, will you?
Hand me that spanner.
Hand me that sword!
Hand me that sword.
Hand me that thing over there.
Hand me that towel.
Hand me that umbrella.
Hand me that wrench.
Hand me that.
Hand me the Phillips-head screwdriver.
Hand me the Scotch tape so I can finish wrapping this.
Hand me the breastplate.
Hand me the briefcase.
Hand me the dictionary there, please.
Hand me the doublet.
Hand me the glue and the scissors in that box, please.
Hand me the glue.
Hand me the gun.
Hand me the hammer, please.
Hand me the hammer, will you?
Hand me the hammer.
Hand me the keys.
Hand me the knife.
Hand me the letter.
Hand me the magnifying glass.
Hand me the mic.
Hand me the nails.
Hand me the pliers.
Hand me the remote.
Hand me the scissors.
Hand me the screwdriver.
Hand me the shovel.
Hand me the soap.
Hand me the spanner.
Hand me the water carafe.
Hand me the wrench.
Hand me those papers.
Hand me those scissors.
Hand me those tissues there.
Hand me your torch.
Hand mixers provide a nice way to add air to batter.
Hand out the maps to us.
Hand out the sandwiches.
Hand out your money!
Hand over the bucket, quickly!
Hand over the dough!
Hand over the envelope.
Hand over the map!
Hand over the money, Tom.
Hand over the wallet, and nobody gets hurt.
Hand over your firearms.
Hand over your money.
Hand over your weapons.
Hand sanitizer is one of the products Americans have been stockpiling during the coronavirus outbreak.
Hand sanitizers can be used as a convenient alternative.
Hand saws have sharp teeth which helps them cut into wood.
Hand that hammer to me.
Hand that to me.
Hand the envelope over.
Hand the gun to me.
Hand the knife to me.
Hand the mic to Tom.
Hand them over.
Hand washing is generally considered to be the most important measure in preventing the spread of infection.
Hand washing is more effective against the coronavirus than face masks.
Hand washing is one way to control bacteria.
Hand washing is recommended to prevent the spread of contagious diseases like a coronavirus.
Hand your papers in.
Hand-bells are not an artless instrument!
Hand-painted banners with the slogan, “Everything will be alright,” have started to appear in Italian cities.
Hand-rolling tea leaves is a traditional method that requires skill and precision.
Handball is a team sport.
Handball is a very popular sport in Denmark.
Handcuffs are none other than a ratchet mechanism.
Handel and Haydn were living when Mozart was born.
Handel was born in the same year as Johann Sebastian Bach, 1685.
Handfuls of dust slowly drain away from top to bottom as time falls away.
Handicap makes Go more enjoyable for the players with some difference of ability.
Handicapped parking is available.
Handicapped people can't stand being pitied.
Handicraft is highly valued.
Handle DVDs by the edges.
Handle it with care.
Handle it with great care.
Handle the CD player with care, it's a delicate electronic device.
Handle the CDs with clean hands to avoid smudging them.
Handle the DVDs with care to prolong lifespan.
Handle the VCR with care to avoid damaging it.
Handle the dictionary gently.
Handle the glasses carefully.
Handle the parrot gently and avoid squeezing it too tightly.
Handle the radio with clean hands, no sticky fingers.
Handle the turtle gently and avoid squeezing it too hard.
Handle this very carefully.
Handle with care!
Handle with care.
Handle your instruments with care, as a repair job is often more expensive than a new instrument.
Handle your parakeet gently and avoid squeezing it too tightly.
Handle your tortoise gently to avoid hurting it.
Handling dynamite can be dangerous.
Handling equipment in below-zero temperatures and working with camera-shy wildlife were a serious challenge to the movie producers too. For example, an automated camera, camouflaged in white, caught a bear’s attention.
Handmade goods are very expensive nowadays.
Hands off my camera.
Hands off my flowers!
Hands off my work!
Hands off those chocolates!
Hands off!
Hands off! I'm the only one allowed to do that.
Hands off.
Hands out of your pockets when you're talking to me!
Hands reveal our inward emotions.
Hands should be washed before significant contact with any patient and after activities likely to cause contamination.
Hands up!
Hands up! This is a robbery.
Hands up! Why are you stalking me?
Handsome is as handsome does.
Handsome is as handsome done.
Handsome is that handsome does.
Handsome women age far better than pretty women.
Handwashing (include the wrists and lower arms, health officials say) and disinfecting are key to preventing the virus from spreading.
Handwritten essays won't be accepted.
Hanfu is the traditional clothing of the Han ethnicity.
Hanfu is the traditional clothing used by the ethnic Han of China, before the Qing dynasty.
Hang a clock on the wall.
Hang a picture on the wall.
Hang a right at the next intersection.
Hang about!
Hang gliders don't lose their wing shape, whereas paragliders are collapsible.
Hang in there for me.
Hang in there!
Hang in there, Tom! Help is on the way.
Hang in there, Tom.
Hang in there, Tom. Don't die.
Hang in there, Tom. Don’t die.
Hang in there, Tom. You're doing fine.
Hang in there, and you can do it.
Hang in there, folks.
Hang in there, guys.
Hang in there.
Hang in there. Don't give up hope.
Hang in there. You can do it!
Hang it in the closet.
Hang it on the door with the suction cups.
Hang it up in the closet.
Hang on a bit until I'm ready.
Hang on a bit until I’m ready.
Hang on a minute, I'm coming down.
Hang on a minute.
Hang on a minute. I'll call Jimmy.
Hang on a minute. I'm coming down.
Hang on a minute. I’ll call Jimmy.
Hang on a minute. There's quite a few black chess pieces over there.
Hang on a moment.
Hang on a sec.
Hang on a second.
Hang on a while!
Hang on everybody.
Hang on everyone.
Hang on just a little longer!
Hang on just a second, Tom.
Hang on just one moment.
Hang on more tightly.
Hang on one second.
Hang on there.
Hang on tight!
Hang on tight.
Hang on tight. Bumpy road ahead.
Hang on tighter.
Hang on till I get to you.
Hang on to it.
Hang on to them.
Hang on!
Hang on, I need to go to the bathroom.
Hang on, Tom, it won't be long now.
Hang on, Tom.
Hang on, there's no reason to throw up your hands and give up without a fight.
Hang on, wait a minute – I don't understand.
Hang on.
Hang on. I'll be right there.
Hang on. I'll transfer you.
Hang on. I’ll transfer you.
Hang on. The ambulance will get here in just a little bit.
Hang on. We'll be right there.
Hang on; we're almost there.
Hang onto Daddy!
Hang onto it.
Hang onto that.
Hang out the laundry!
Hang out with people who are not boring.
Hang out with smart people.
Hang that picture on the wall.
Hang the coat.
Hang the expense!
Hang the expense.
Hang the mirror on the wall.
Hang the painting.
Hang the rebels!
Hang the towels up.
Hang the washing out.
Hang the washing up with those pegs.
Hang this picture on your wall.
Hang tinsel from both branches.
Hang up and wait a moment, please.
Hang up now.
Hang up the phone now!
Hang up the phone.
Hang up the towels.
Hang up your coat, please.
Hang up your shirts before they wrinkle.
Hang up your wet towels to dry or they'll get mildewy.
Hang up!
Hang up.
Hang your backpack on the hook, not on the chair.
Hang your clothes here.
Hang your clothes out to dry!
Hang your clothes outside so that they dry.
Hang your coat and hat up on the rack over there.
Hang your coat in the hall please.
Hang your coat in the hall, please.
Hang your coat in the hallway.
Hang your coat on the coat hanger.
Hang your coat on the hanger.
Hang your coat on the hook.
Hang your coats in the closet.
Hang your coats on the hooks, not on chairs.
Hang your hat on the hook.
Hang your jacket in the closet.
Hang your jacket on that hook over there.
Hang your jacket on the hook by the door.
Hang your suit in the closet.
Hang your towel after you take a shower.
Hang your towel like this.
Hang your towel next to mine.
Hang your wet towel on the hook to dry.
Hanging around really cool people too much isn’t great because it makes all the other ordinary people you’ve hung out with until then look uncool.
Hanging on the wall was a picture of Mary, forefinger raised in threat, appearing as though she were reading the onlooker the riot act. The epigraph mounted beneath read: "I'm in charge here!"
Hanging out with Gunter was exciting.
Hanging out with Michael wasn't that bad.
Hanging out with Tom is a lot of fun.
Hanging out with Tom used to be a lot of fun.
Hanging out with Tom was a lot of fun.
Hanging out with a rotten apple like Ziri would get Walid kicked out of school.
Hanging out with him is like inviting trouble into your own life.
Hanging out with him isn't interesting.
Hanging out with him isn’t interesting.
Hangmen also die!
Hangzhou is a beautiful city.
Hanim Zainuddin, for instance, usually spends her work hours donning a green sarong and crisscrossing the skies as a flight attendant. After flights were grounded, however, she noticed that more of her coworkers were switching over to health care work, helping in non-medical functions at the hospital. Zainuddin opted to join them, becoming one of 500 aviation workers who made the switch under a state program to adapt work under the pandemic.
Hanja is the Korean name for Hanzi, the Chinese characters.
Hanja play an important role in learning Korean vocabulary.
Hank wrote poetry.
Hanko are essential in our daily life.
Hannah Gjerde starts her day at her hot-mat yoga class on the front lawn of her parent’s home.
Hannah and Malka met at an Esperanto congress.
Hannah graduated from pre-university education. She will study in Antwerp next year.
Hannah is a German citizen.
Hannah is a Reform Jew.
Hannah says that while in grade school, she knew the names of the news anchors on her local evening news hour.
Hannah turns to late-night programs to stay informed but also to find humor and solace.
Hanni and Nanni are twins.
Hannibal at the gates!
Hannibal before the gates!
Hannibal brought the money from Rome to Africa.
Hannibal crossed the Alps with an army.
Hannibal found a route into Italy through the Alps.
Hannibal has been forced to leave Italy.
Hannibal is behind the door!
Hannibal marched across the Alps.
Hannibal sends ambassadors to the Roman senate.
Hannibal sought a path through the Alps.
Hannya refers to the Noh mask of a female demon.
Hanoi cannot compete with Beijing.
Hanoi is the capital city of Vietnam.
Hanoi is the capital of Vietnam.
Hanoi pizza shop owner and chef Hoang Tung said he wanted to make something that would make people happy when they came to eat in his restaurant.
Hanover is the capital of Lower Saxony.
Hans Bethe won the 1967 Nobel Prize in Physics for his work concerning energy production in stars.
Hans Christian Andersen is the most known Danish writer in Kabylia.
Hans Christian Andersen's fairy tales have made him the best known Dane in the world.
Hans Christian Andersen's fairy tales made him the most famous Dane in the world.
Hans Christian Andersen's fairytales made him the world's best-known Dane.
Hans Christian Andersen's stories made him the most famous Dane in the world.
Hans from Alsace has a beautiful wife, but ugly kids.
Hans gets away because of his stupidity.
Hans has really been knocking the drinks back today, but he's still not drunk.
Hans has really been putting back the drinks today, but he's still not drunk.
Hans has really been sinking them today, but he's still not drunk.
Hans is a German businessman.
Hans is a German name.
Hans keeps trying to call him, but he keeps getting no contact.
Hans repeatedly tries to call him, but he is still not getting contact.
Hans sold the patent to a company.
Hans was as pleased as Punch.
Hans, my brother, is German.
Hansel and Grettel are siblings.
Hanshin's moment of glory didn't last. They fell out of first place in a hurry.
Hanshin’s moment of glory didn’t last. They fell out of first place in a hurry.
Hanson is wrong when he states international economic developments led to great migrations of labour in the seventeenth century.
Hanukkah (also written as Chanukah) is Judaism’s "festival of lights."
Hanukkah begins on the 25th of Kislev and ends on the 2nd or 3rd of Tevet.
Hanukkah commemorates the cleansing and rededication of the Temple after a rebellion against the Greeks.
Hanukkah gelt is pocket money that it is customary to give to children on Hanukkah.
Hanukkah is also known as the Festival of Lights.
Hanukkah marks the rededication of the Temple in Jerusalem about 2500 years ago.
Hanuman Zhang was a Chinese-Californian, reportedly with some Malay blood, who complained that forces "overfreighted" Western cultures and languages around the world; he was a visionary poetic conlanger with a great sense of humour.
Hanuman was asked to bring back herbs, but he brought back a mountain instead.
Haphazard eating habits caused the castaway's food supply to be quickly depleted.
Haply the fate of Priam thou would'st know.
Happening in a city, the accident would have caused a disaster.
Happening in wartime, this would amount to disaster.
Happens all the time.
Happier New Year!
Happier to be an insulted hammer than a lamented anvil.
Happily he did not die.
Happily the crops were not harmed by the typhoon.
Happily, everyone rescued from the sea are alive and well.
Happily, she was not involved in the troubles.
Happily, the workaholic did not die.
Happiness always comes with a splendid entourage.
Happiness and glass both break easily.
Happiness and glass break easily.
Happiness and peace be granted to Germany, our fatherland. All the world longs for peace; reach your hand out to the peoples.
Happiness and pleasure are my guiding principles.
Happiness and sadness only last for a time.
Happiness and success are not arbitrary, but depend on your attitude concerning life.
Happiness and success in life do not depend on our circumstances, but on our efforts.
Happiness can be found even in dark times if you don't forget to turn towards the light.
Happiness can feel elusive in a world of chaos.
Happiness can't be bought.
Happiness can't buy money.
Happiness cannot be bought.
Happiness can’t be bought.
Happiness comes and goes.
Happiness consists of contentment.
Happiness consists of good health.
Happiness consists of working toward one's goals.
Happiness consists of working toward one’s goals.
Happiness depends not so much on circumstances as on one's way of looking at one's lot.
Happiness depends not so much on circumstances as on one’s way of looking at one’s lot.
Happiness depends, not so much on circumstances, as on one's way of looking at one's life.
Happiness depends, not so much on circumstances, as on one’s way of looking at one’s life.
Happiness does not await us all. One needn't be a prophet to say that there will be more grief and pain than serenity and money. That is why we must hang on to one another.
Happiness does not consist of how much you possess.
Happiness does not consist only in having many things.
Happiness does not consist simply in wealth.
Happiness does not lie in things. It lies in the souls of people who reflect upon or contemplate them.
Happiness doesn't come by waiting.
Happiness doesn't come to those who wait.
Happiness doesn't enter through closed doors.
Happiness doesn't last forever.
Happiness exists in every place, one must know how to extract it.
Happiness exists not in things, but in the hearts of the people who see and use those things.
Happiness has come and requires money.
Happiness has no taste without sadness.
Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance.
Happiness is a choice.
Happiness is a delicate flower.
Happiness is a feeble flower.
Happiness is a flower one must not pick.
Happiness is a flower that must not be picked.
Happiness is a good flow of life.
Happiness is a highly personal experience.
Happiness is a luxury I don't think I can afford.
Happiness is a mirage.
Happiness is a question of moderation.
Happiness is a shower.
Happiness is a state of calmness that brings forth neither pleasure nor pain.
Happiness is a state of mind.
Happiness is a way of travel, not a destination.
Happiness is always unexpected.
Happiness is always with you. You don't have to go somewhere far away for it. It is here - in a quiet solitary room.
Happiness is beneficial for the body, but it is grief that develops the powers of the mind.
Happiness is determined by your heart.
Happiness is fleeting.
Happiness is good health and a poor memory.
Happiness is having more dreams than reality can destroy.
Happiness is in Islam.
Happiness is in the little things.
Happiness is like a little bird: eventually, it flies away.
Happiness is like glass: it is fragile.
Happiness is like peeing your pants. Everyone can see it, but only you can feel the warmth.
Happiness is made up of many small moments of joy.
Happiness is more important than wealth.
Happiness is not a destination, it is a way of life.
Happiness is not a goal. It's a by-product of a life well lived.
Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness; it is generally the by-product of other activities.
Happiness is not an ideal of reason but of imagination.
Happiness is not an object to possess, it is a quality of thought, a state of soul.
Happiness is not being loved. Rather, it is giving love.
Happiness is not easy: it is very difficult to find it in us, and impossible to find it elsewhere.
Happiness is not in the air, it is created with the hands.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Happiness is not to be loved, but to love.
Happiness is often a societal construct, not a true feeling.
Happiness is only a light butterfly.
Happiness is priceless.
Happiness is probably wanting what you already have, not having what you want.
Happiness is real only when shared.
Happiness is relative, considering everyone feels differently about different things in different situations.
Happiness is simply good health and a bad conscience.
Happiness is so much more enjoyable when it's based on the misery of others.
Happiness is something you can give without having it.
Happiness is sometimes hard to find.
Happiness is sometimes hidden in the unknown.
Happiness is sometimes identified with money.
Happiness is the only thing that doubles when you split it.
Happiness is understanding how everything is connected.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Happiness isn't a destination, but a method of travel.
Happiness isn't an app that you can download onto your phone.
Happiness isn't merely having many possessions.
Happiness isn't success.
Happiness isn't the destination. Happiness is the journey.
Happiness isn’t a place you can get to, but a home you can return to.
Happiness isn’t merely having many possessions.
Happiness knows no age limit.
Happiness lies in contentment.
Happiness lies in kindness.
Happiness lies in the little things: a small yacht, a small mansion, a small fortune...
Happiness lies not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
Happiness lives here.
Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length.
Happiness means: Accepting and loving your own limits.
Happiness often comes from the simplest experiences.
Happiness rarely keeps company with an empty stomach.
Happiness rises like a bubble, but soon bursts and falls.
Happiness seems to be an illusion we chase.
Happiness shared returns many-fold, sadness shared comes back halved.
Happiness was short-lived.
Happiness, I have discovered, is nearly always a rebound from hard work.
Happy 10-year anniversary!
Happy 2013.
Happy 2014 to all my family and friends.
Happy 4th of July!
Happy 743rd Turkish Language Holiday.
Happy 9/11! Hope it's a good one.
Happy Birthday Tom! Bring out the cake and the balloons, let’s celebrate this special day!
Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday! By the way, how old were you?
Happy Birthday, Romania!
Happy Buy Nothing Day!
Happy Canada Day!
Happy Canadian Thanksgiving!
Happy Chanukah!
Happy Chanukah.
Happy Christmas to you and your family.
Happy Christmas!
Happy Columbus Day.
Happy Dasara!
Happy Dussehra!
Happy Easter!
Happy Eid al-Adha.
Happy Eid festival to all Muslims.
Happy Eid festival. I'm wishing you and your family all the blessings of God.
Happy Equinox!
Happy Fake Labor Day!
Happy Father's Day!
Happy Fathers' Day!
Happy Fathers’ Day!
Happy Fourth of July!
Happy Friday!
Happy German Unity Day!
Happy Halloween!
Happy Hanukah!
Happy Hanukah.
Happy Hanukkah!
Happy Hanukkah.
Happy Holidays.
Happy Independence Day!
Happy Indigenous Peoples' Day.
Happy International Translation Day!
Happy International Women's Day!
Happy Kwanzaa!
Happy Labor Day!
Happy Leap Day!
Happy Lunar New Year!
Happy Margaret Thatcher Death Day!
Happy May Day!
Happy Midsummer!
Happy Moon Festival!
Happy Mother's Day!
Happy Mothering Sunday.
Happy Mother’s Day!
Happy New Year 2013!
Happy New Year 2022/2972!
Happy New Year to Algeria!
Happy New Year to Algeria.
Happy New Year to all Algerians!
Happy New Year to all Algerians.
Happy New Year to all Tatoebans!
Happy New Year to all of Algeria.
Happy New Year!
Happy New Year, Louise!
Happy New Year, Tom.
Happy New Year, chat.
Happy New Year, everyone.
Happy New Year. Here's to another great year.
Happy New Year. I'm looking forward to working with you again this year.
Happy Newroz!
Happy Nowruz!
Happy Paddy's Day!
Happy Passover!
Happy Pesach!
Happy Pride!
Happy Pride, Horus!
Happy Pride, Tom!
Happy Qixi Festival!
Happy Ramadan 2021.
Happy Ramadan Feast.
Happy Ramadan.
Happy Reformation Day!
Happy Saturday.
Happy Sentence day!
Happy Solstice!
Happy St Piran's Day!
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Happy Summer Solstice!
Happy Thanksgiving Day.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Happy Thanksgiving, Yanni!
Happy Tolkien's birthday!
Happy Valentine's Day!
Happy Valentine's Day.
Happy Valentine’s Day.
Happy Walpurgis Night!
Happy World Animal Protection Day!
Happy Yennayer to all my Algerian friends.
Happy Zamenhof Day!
Happy Zamenhof Day! Today is the birthday of Dr. L.L. Zamenhof, the Jew who invented Esperanto in 1887 in Russian-occupied Poland. I am an Esperantist. It is a sunny blue-sky morning. I walked to Yummy Slice pizzeria. Rose the Filipina vendor was there. I was drinking a red-can Coca-Cola Zero Sugar. (I ought to mention that I ate a slice of green pesto pizza. And I was exercising with my hand grip strengthener at my table.) A Japanese likens my situation to a vast deserted café in Chiangmai, Thailand. But here on Lulu Island, homebound, I stopped by Kin's Farm fruteria. Leo, the Cantonese vendor who speaks also Mandarin, exclaimed, "Dà míng!" There were longans, kumquats, and jujubes in plastic bags at the front. Today is the 15th of December of 2024.
Happy alone is the soul that loves.
Happy anniversary!
Happy are the people who believe in God.
Happy are they that go to bed with grave music.
Happy are those who dwell in Your house; they will forever praise You. Selah.
Happy are those who have a poor memory.
Happy are those who know the value of health.
Happy are those who love flowers.
Happy are those who think themselves wise.
Happy are those who work for peace; God will call them his children!
Happy are those with a poor memory.
Happy belated birthday!
Happy belated!
Happy birthday to a man who runs a love and laughter and beer.
Happy birthday to me!
Happy birthday to you!
Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday, dear Mary! Happy birthday to you!
Happy birthday to you.
Happy birthday to your husband!
Happy birthday to your son!
Happy birthday to your wife!
Happy birthday!
Happy birthday, Aiba!
Happy birthday, Dad.
Happy birthday, Grandma.
Happy birthday, Grandpa.
Happy birthday, Karl Marx!
Happy birthday, Miss Aiba!
Happy birthday, Mom.
Happy birthday, Mr Putin.
Happy birthday, Muiriel!
Happy birthday, Muriel!
Happy birthday, Shishir!
Happy birthday, Tom!
Happy birthday, Tom.
Happy birthday, Ziri.
Happy birthday, buddy!
Happy birthday, by the way. How could I forget!
Happy birthday, dear friend!
Happy birthday, my beloved friend.
Happy birthday, my friend!
Happy birthday, my great-grandson, my dear prince! You are only 13 years old, you are blossoming into life, which your privileged being knows how to convert into exquisite music. May God bless and protect you.
Happy birthday, my little one! You are my life and you have made me a better person.
Happy birthday.
Happy chocolate that, after having run around the world through the smiles of women, finds death in a tasty and melting kiss in their mouth.
Happy christening!
Happy days go by fast.
Happy days of childish credulity, when fact and fiction were swallowed alike without a misgiving!
Happy events tend to be accompanied by problems.
Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
Happy fourth of July!
Happy him who with ease can steer, from grave to gay, from lively to severe.
Happy holidays!
Happy holidays.
Happy hour is between six and eight in the evening.
Happy hour is from six until eight.
Happy hunting.
Happy is a man who is contented.
Happy is a man who lives in peace and content.
Happy is a man who marries a good wife.
Happy is he that is happy in his children.
Happy is he who can forget what cannot be changed anymore.
Happy is he who desires nothing anymore!
Happy is he who has a good neighbor.
Happy is he who has a homeland.
Happy is he who has, like Ulysses, made a wonderful journey.
Happy is he who was able to learn the causes of things.
Happy is she who marries the son of a dead mother.
Happy is the child who has such a mother.
Happy is the man that findeth wisdom, and the man that getteth understanding.
Happy is the man who is content with his lot.
Happy is the man who is contented with his lot.
Happy is the man who is contented.
Happy is the man who knows his limits.
Happy is the one who has not killed the child in his soul.
Happy name day.
Happy new year.
Happy or sad, memories make up who you are.
Happy or unhappy, life is the only treasure which man possesses.
Happy people are those who remember only the good things from the past, while unhappy people are those who remember only the opposite.
Happy people don't always smile.
Happy people don't kill themselves.
Happy people don't watch the clock.
Happy people work better.
Happy reading!
Happy reading.
Happy retirement!
Happy situations make the heart playful.
Happy slapping is when you clap with one hand.
Happy the man who can pay his own way.
Happy the man who finds wisdom and gains insight.
Happy the one who desires no more!
Happy the one who further desires nomore!
Happy the one who no more desires!
Happy to be of service.
Happy to help you!
Happy to see you.
Happy wedding anniversary.
Happy weekend!
Happy were the students who had such a good teacher.
Happy wishing you a Thanksgiving.
Happy workers are better workers.
Happy year of the rooster!
Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childish days; that can recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth; that can transport the sailor and the traveller, thousands of miles away, back to his own fire-side and his quiet home!
Haptic sensations defy precise description.
Harajuku is one of the hottest places in Tokyo.
Harajuku's one of the hottest places in Tokyo.
Harald? That is indeed an unusual name.
Harald? What an unusual name!
Harare is the capital of Zimbabwe.
Harassment won't be excused here.
Harbin is very cold.
Harbor facilities improved as trade using the harbor increased.
Hard as he was, his eyes filled with tears.
Hard bread is delicious.
Hard labor was beginning to tell on his health.
Hard money inherently requires an unavoidable production cost.
Hard passwords include a mix of upper- and lowercase letters, digits and special characters.
Hard studies make strong brains.
Hard surfaces, such as concrete, cover large portions of land, impede the natural absorption of water, and thus exacerbate surficial erosion on adjacent unprotected land.
Hard times are awaiting us.
Hard times create strong men, strong men create good times, good times create weak men, and weak men create hard times.
Hard times create strong men, strong men create good times, good times create weak men, weak man create hard times.
Hard times don't create strong soldiers.
Hard times lie ahead of us.
Hard to believe, but it's true.
Hard to believe, but that's the way it is.
Hard to say.
Hard use has worn this bag.
Hard work alone doesn't always lead to success.
Hard work and dedication will bring you success.
Hard work beats natural talent.
Hard work beats talent, but when talent works hard, it's game over.
Hard work conquers all.
Hard work doesn't always lead to success.
Hard work enabled him to get good marks.
Hard work enabled him to succeed.
Hard work has brought him success.
Hard work has brought him where he is.
Hard work has carried him this far.
Hard work has made Japan what it is today.
Hard work has made him what he is.
Hard work injured his health.
Hard work is an essential element of success.
Hard work is necessary if you want to be successful. Unless your parents are rich, of course.
Hard work is the attribute all Americans value the most with 89% of respondents saying it’s a very important quality.
Hard work is the attribute all Americans value the most with 89% of respondents saying it’s a very important quality. Tolerance for others, financial security and self-fulfillment also topped the list.
Hard work is the main element of success.
Hard work is the price of success.
Hard work is the ticket to success.
Hard work made Jack who he is today.
Hard work never did anyone any harm.
Hard work never hurt anybody.
Hard work never hurt anyone.
Hard work never killed anyone. But why take the risk?!
Hard work often leads to success.
Hard work on the farm isn't for him.
Hard work pays off.
Hard work really does pay off.
Hard work would do Yanni some good.
Harden up!
Harden up.
Harder than expected, it was.
Harder to forget than to forgive.
Harder!
Harder, please.
Hardly a day passes that I don't think of you.
Hardly a day passes that I don’t think of you.
Hardly a day went by on which, from dawn to dusk, Tom and John were not together - until Mary entered Tom's life.
Hardly a day went by when Tom didn't think about his late grandfather. He missed him.
Hardly a day went by when he did not meet her.
Hardly any Germans that I know like sauerkraut.
Hardly any of what Tom said was true.
Hardly anybody expected Tom to win.
Hardly anybody likes Tom.
Hardly anybody's busy today.
Hardly anybody's happy today.
Hardly anyone criticises him.
Hardly anyone depends on it.
Hardly anyone depends on that.
Hardly anyone does it any more.
Hardly anyone does that any more.
Hardly anyone even tries.
Hardly anyone ever comes to visit me.
Hardly anyone expected Tom to win.
Hardly anyone has seen this animal up close.
Hardly anyone knows I'm here.
Hardly anyone knows Tom and I are here.
Hardly anyone knows that I'm here.
Hardly anyone knows that Tom and I are here.
Hardly anyone likes Tom.
Hardly anyone reads my blog.
Hardly anyone thinks that we are sisters.
Hardly anyone was satisfied.
Hardly anyone's happy nowadays.
Hardly ever have we seen such a night!
Hardly had I closed my eyes when I fell asleep.
Hardly had I heard the news when I felt like crying.
Hardly had I left home when it began to rain.
Hardly had I met her when I fell in love with her.
Hardly had I started when it began to rain.
Hardly had Miss Ashton dropped the pen, when the door of the apartment flew open, and the Master of Ravenswood entered the apartment.
Hardly had he arrived at the hospital when he breathed his last.
Hardly had he entered the room, when she burst into tears.
Hardly had he finished breakfast when the doctor came.
Hardly had he finished breakfast when the telephone rang.
Hardly had he seen me when he ran away.
Hardly had he woke up when he remembered the embarrassing incident of the previous night.
Hardly had she got in the bath when the postman knocked on the door with a parcel.
Hardly had she opened the door when a cat escaped.
Hardly had the meeting begun when it ended.
Hardly had the rain stopped when the ground began to freeze.
Hardly had the teacher entered the room when we stopped chatting.
Hardly had they left the building when it suddenly collapsed.
Hardly had they started before it ended.
Hardly had they started before it was over.
Hardly had we come home when it began to rain.
Hardly had we returned when Tom started to shout at us.
Hardly had we started when it began to rain.
Hardly surprisingly, people are escaping to the countryside as well as flocking to England’s rivers, trying to leave the coronavirus muddle behind them.
Hardly was the door shut when Mrs. Challenger darted out from the dining-room. The small woman was in a furious temper. She barred her husband's way like an enraged chicken in front of a bulldog.
Hardly were our plans made public before we were met by powerful opposition.
Hardship makes the man.
Hardships make us more resilient.
Hardware RAID is not managed directly by the operating system but by a dedicated card, called a RAID controller.
Hardworking as he was, sometimes he felt disinclined to study.
Hardworking people succeed in life.
Hardy young people like mountaineering.
Hare and Hedgehog began their footrace.
Harel is a Hebrew boy's name meaning "mountain of God".
Harelip is an older term, now seen as derogatory, for the condition known as cleft lip.
Hares and rabbits look very similar to me.
Hares can swim.
Hares have long ears.
Hari gulped as the shadow of the towering giant enveloped him.
Hark!
Hark! midnight from the church tower vibrates through the frosty air.
Harley Davidson motorcycles, which represented freedom and the unlimited possibilities of the open road to older generations, now faces being left behind by millennials who are more interested in using ride-sharing apps to get around.
Harley-Davidson recently reported its worst quarterly sales in recent history, continuing a slide that began in 2014.
Harm reduction saves lives.
Harm them, and they will harm you.
Harmful bacteria cannot mutate to overcome this type of weapon.
Harmonious spouses can even empty all the water out of the Pacific Ocean.
Harmony brings wealth.
Harmony doesn't mean total agreement.
Harmony exists only between those willing to live in harmony.
Harmony in the family leads to success in everything.
Harmony nourishes, discord consumes.
Harnessing electricity, said the man with the bongos, is a sinful perversion of the earth's resources.
Harnessing electricity, said the man with the bongos, is a sinful perversion of the earth’s resources.
Harnessing the power of the tides could be very helpful to coastal communities.
Harold II was the last Anglo-Saxon king of England.
Harold could finally feast on seafood and satisfy his cravings.
Harold liked to listen to ambient music while playing sudoku on the toilet.
Harold's arm bicycle workout was sufficiently vigorous that his pectorals burst into flame.
Harold’s arm bicycle workout was sufficiently vigorous that his pectorals burst into flame.
Harper danced gracefully on stage.
Harper swam in the pool.
Harriet chose Lonesome Tonight as her favourite song by New Order, while Robin chose Ecstasy.
Harriet looked slightly abashed.
Harriet was holding a placard demanding marriage equality.
Harris played the leading role, and the twin brother costarred in the film, as well as directing and writing it.
Harrison Ford was seriously injured after he crashed his plane into a golf course.
Harrison remains the shortest-serving U.S. president in history.
Harrison was the oldest man ever elected president at the time.
Harrison's health grew worse.
Harrison's men continued to chase the enemy.
Harrison’s health grew worse.
Harrison’s men continued to chase the enemy.
Harry Partch invented scads of musical instruments, many tuned to his 43-tone scale.
Harry Potter had a floating car!
Harry and Meghan have announced that they want to step back from their royal duties.
Harry and Meghan want to live in Canada.
Harry called at Tony's house.
Harry called at Tony’s house.
Harry couldn't keep up with the class.
Harry couldn’t keep up with the class.
Harry fell seriously ill.
Harry had to back out of the competition because of a broken arm.
Harry is a British citizen.
Harry is a wizard.
Harry is an American actor.
Harry is an English citizen.
Harry is ashamed of having lied to Sally.
Harry is gentle with cats.
Harry is only 40.
Harry is the tallest boy in his football team.
Harry is working under the direction of an expert.
Harry left his family 200 million yen when he died.
Harry likes halibut.
Harry managed to swim across the river.
Harry put on his robe and wizard hat.
Harry was late for class yesterday because of his accident.
Harry works part-time at the local supermarket.
Harry's really slow to catch on.
Harry, I'm worried.
Harry, I’m worried.
Harry’s nephew, Prince George, will be a pageboy, and niece Princess Charlotte a bridesmaid.
Harry’s really slow to catch on.
Harsh winters don't scare Vladimir.
Harshness should be avoided in those cases.
Hartman Witwer was a famous Lviv-based sculptor.
Haru's always been like that; he's very kind at heart.
Haruki and Machiko were very happy to see each other again.
Haruki doesn't have much money with him.
Haruki doesn’t have much money with him.
Haruko likes warm springs.
Harun's review was brimming with superlative adjectives.
Haruyo is undoubtedly under stress during this entrance-examination season.
Haruyo steeled herself to tell Akiyoshi that she wanted to stop dating him.
Haru’s always been like that; he’s very kind at heart.
Harvard University produces a great number of Nobel-Prize winners.
Harvard University was founded in 1636.
Harvard alum Tom Jackson isn't the sort of person you would expect to forget how to tie his shoes.
Harvard is Tom's alma mater.
Harvard is a good university.
Harvard is a myth.
Harvard is a wonderful university.
Harvard is the only school Tom is considering.
Harvard scientists have measured the amount of male hormone in the saliva of 58 single and married men with or without children.
Harvard students have had to pay for last-minute storage or find other space for their belongings on short notice.
Harvard was founded in 1636.
Harvest is always the most important time in farming.
Harvesting cork causes the tree no harm.
Harvesting finfish and krill are potential sources of income.
Harvey received a lot of presents for Christmas.
Has Abraham already sung?
Has Algeria achieved a transition of power?
Has Algeria become stuck in the middle-income trap?
Has Algeria begun to industrialize?
Has Algeria completely abandoned socialism?
Has Algeria eradicated extreme poverty?
Has Algeria got tough years ahead?
Has Algeria started extracting its shale oil?
Has Algeria started mining its shale oil?
Has Algeria won its battle against extreme poverty?
Has Algeria's GDP decreased?
Has Algeria's development stalled?
Has Algeria's economy reached its full potential?
Has Algeria's economy stopped growing?
Has Algeria's unemployment rate decreased?
Has American English become the common language of Europe?
Has Australia fought in any wars?
Has Bob left the company for good this time?
Has Boldi given up on his passion?
Has Boston had any major earthquakes?
Has Cookie gone out?
Has Dan hugged anyone recently?
Has Donald Trump the right to rename the Gulf of Mexico the Gulf of America?
Has Europe lost its soul?
Has Fadil been to the hospital?
Has Father come home yet?
Has Flight 123 arrived?
Has Flight 123 been delayed?
Has Harry Potter been translated into Berber?
Has Jamal been around?
Has Jane left Japan for good?
Has Japanese such an expression?
Has Jim come yet?
Has John decided on a career yet?
Has John returned to America for good?
Has Ken left Japan for good?
Has Lata come from school?
Has Lata come?
Has Lucy already called?
Has Lucy called already?
Has Lucy called yet?
Has Lucy telephoned yet?
Has Marika ever visited Japan?
Has Mary already gone?
Has Mary already left?
Has Mary already started?
Has Mary always been fat?
Has Mary always been overweight?
Has Mary been doing yoga for long?
Has Mary been keeping herself out of trouble?
Has Mary been practising yoga for a long time?
Has Mary been working at this company for long?
Has Mary been working for this company for long?
Has Mary been working long for this company?
Has Mary changed her mind?
Has Mary cleaned her room yet?
Has Mary cleaned the room yet?
Has Mary completed her apprenticeship?
Has Mary cucked Tom?
Has Mary cuckolded Tom?
Has Mary decided what she's going to do?
Has Mary decided what she's going to major in?
Has Mary decided where she'll go next summer?
Has Mary ever asked you to help her?
Has Mary ever asked you to loan her money?
Has Mary ever been on a mission abroad?
Has Mary ever told you how she broke her leg?
Has Mary ever told you how she met Tom?
Has Mary ever told you that she loves you?
Has Mary ever told you where she was born?
Has Mary ever told you why she doesn't like Tom?
Has Mary finished her homework?
Has Mary found her keys yet?
Has Mary got a favourite flower?
Has Mary got to open the window?
Has Mary got to stay at home today?
Has Mary joined the apprenticeship program?
Has Mary made progress in her studies?
Has Mary spoken about decolonization recently?
Has Mary started learning a new language?
Has Mary started yet?
Has Mary thought about joining the revolution?
Has Mary told Tom about how she met John?
Has Mary told Tom that she can't speak French at all?
Has Mary told Tom that she doesn't really know how to speak French?
Has Mary told Tom that she's married?
Has Mary told Tom where she lives?
Has Mary told you where she met Tom?
Has Mary told you why she doesn't want to stay?
Has Mary volunteered for another mission?
Has Mike quit drinking?
Has Paula been revising for her exam today?
Has Rima fallen in love with that jerk?
Has Robert hired Sandra to spy on Skura?
Has Sami taken any drugs?
Has Sweden already fallen that low?
Has Tanaka already returned?
Has Tobias been here?
Has Tom actually agreed to do that?
Has Tom actually done that?
Has Tom actually ever done that?
Has Tom actually ever used this?
Has Tom actually used this?
Has Tom admitted defeat?
Has Tom agreed to our terms?
Has Tom already agreed to do that?
Has Tom already applied for a visa?
Has Tom already arrived?
Has Tom already been here?
Has Tom already been told about this?
Has Tom already brushed his teeth?
Has Tom already cleaned his room?
Has Tom already come back?
Has Tom already come?
Has Tom already done that?
Has Tom already eaten lunch?
Has Tom already eaten?
Has Tom already explained that to you?
Has Tom already fallen asleep?
Has Tom already finished?
Has Tom already gone inside?
Has Tom already left for Australia?
Has Tom already left for Boston?
Has Tom already left for school?
Has Tom already left?
Has Tom already looked for his ball in the closet?
Has Tom already made an offer?
Has Tom already paid you what he owed you?
Has Tom already paid you?
Has Tom already paid?
Has Tom already returned?
Has Tom already signed the contract?
Has Tom already started his new job?
Has Tom already started?
Has Tom already told Mary what to do?
Has Tom already told you what needs to be done?
Has Tom always been fat?
Has Tom always been overweight?
Has Tom always been so diligent?
Has Tom always been so selfish?
Has Tom always been this scatterbrained?
Has Tom always been this selfish?
Has Tom always lived in Boston?
Has Tom apologized to Mary?
Has Tom apologized to you?
Has Tom arrived yet?
Has Tom arrived?
Has Tom asked you out yet?
Has Tom asked you to marry him?
Has Tom become crazy?
Has Tom been acting odd lately?
Has Tom been acting odd recently?
Has Tom been acting strange lately?
Has Tom been acting strange recently?
Has Tom been acting weird lately?
Has Tom been acting weird recently?
Has Tom been acting weird?
Has Tom been around for long?
Has Tom been around today?
Has Tom been around?
Has Tom been arrested?
Has Tom been asking you questions about me?
Has Tom been bothering you again?
Has Tom been captured?
Has Tom been charged?
Has Tom been convicted?
Has Tom been crying?
Has Tom been discharged from the hospital?
Has Tom been doing his chores?
Has Tom been doing that for a long time?
Has Tom been doing that long?
Has Tom been doing well?
Has Tom been doing yoga for a long time?
Has Tom been drinking today?
Has Tom been drinking?
Has Tom been eating properly?
Has Tom been fed?
Has Tom been fighting with Mary?
Has Tom been fired yet?
Has Tom been fired?
Has Tom been getting into trouble?
Has Tom been having problems with anyone recently?
Has Tom been helpful?
Has Tom been here long?
Has Tom been here recently?
Has Tom been here today?
Has Tom been here?
Has Tom been hurt?
Has Tom been in the hospital long?
Has Tom been in touch with you?
Has Tom been in touch?
Has Tom been indicted?
Has Tom been informed of this?
Has Tom been informed?
Has Tom been injured?
Has Tom been invited to the party?
Has Tom been invited?
Has Tom been kidnapped?
Has Tom been living in Australia long?
Has Tom been living in Boston long?
Has Tom been lying to Mary?
Has Tom been married for a long time?
Has Tom been murdered?
Has Tom been notified?
Has Tom been on a humanitarian mission before?
Has Tom been out all afternoon?
Has Tom been released from prison?
Has Tom been released from the hospital?
Has Tom been released?
Has Tom been sacked?
Has Tom been saved?
Has Tom been saying bad things about Mary again?
Has Tom been sedated?
Has Tom been seeing anybody?
Has Tom been talking about me?
Has Tom been there?
Has Tom been to Australia recently?
Has Tom been to Australia?
Has Tom been to Boston recently?
Has Tom been to Boston?
Has Tom been to see you recently?
Has Tom been to the hospital?
Has Tom been told about the accident?
Has Tom been told the truth?
Has Tom been transferred?
Has Tom been waiting long?
Has Tom been watching TV?
Has Tom broken any rules?
Has Tom broken his promise?
Has Tom broken something again?
Has Tom called back yet?
Has Tom called in?
Has Tom called yet?
Has Tom called you back?
Has Tom called you?
Has Tom called?
Has Tom calmed down?
Has Tom changed his mind?
Has Tom changed in any way?
Has Tom changed much?
Has Tom changed over the years?
Has Tom checked in?
Has Tom chosen where he's going to apply yet?
Has Tom cleaned his room yet?
Has Tom cleaned the room yet?
Has Tom come back already?
Has Tom come back yet?
Has Tom come back?
Has Tom come home yet?
Has Tom come in yet?
Has Tom come to Australia recently?
Has Tom come to Australia this year?
Has Tom come to Boston recently?
Has Tom come to Boston this year?
Has Tom come yet?
Has Tom come?
Has Tom completed his degree?
Has Tom confessed to anything yet?
Has Tom contacted you?
Has Tom decided to do that again tomorrow?
Has Tom decided to go?
Has Tom decided what he's going to do this afternoon?
Has Tom decided what he's going to do?
Has Tom decided what he's going to major in?
Has Tom decided where he'll go next summer?
Has Tom delivered the papers yet?
Has Tom discussed it with Mary?
Has Tom discussed it with you?
Has Tom discussed that with Mary?
Has Tom done anything with Mary recently?
Has Tom done enough?
Has Tom done everything you've asked him to do?
Has Tom done it already?
Has Tom done it?
Has Tom done something bad again?
Has Tom done something wrong?
Has Tom done that already?
Has Tom done that recently?
Has Tom done that yet?
Has Tom done that?
Has Tom done the shopping yet?
Has Tom done this before?
Has Tom done what he was supposed to do?
Has Tom eaten anything at all?
Has Tom eaten anything today?
Has Tom eaten anything?
Has Tom eaten lunch yet?
Has Tom eaten yet?
Has Tom eaten?
Has Tom even visited Australia?
Has Tom ever asked you to help Mary?
Has Tom ever asked you to help him?
Has Tom ever asked you to lie for him?
Has Tom ever asked you to loan him money?
Has Tom ever attempted suicide before?
Has Tom ever been a problem?
Has Tom ever been arrested?
Has Tom ever been caught doing that?
Has Tom ever been here?
Has Tom ever been in love?
Has Tom ever been in trouble with the law?
Has Tom ever been married?
Has Tom ever been to Australia?
Has Tom ever been to Boston?
Has Tom ever been treated for mental illness?
Has Tom ever been violent with you before?
Has Tom ever been worried about anything?
Has Tom ever caused problems for anybody?
Has Tom ever considered doing that?
Has Tom ever cooked anything for you?
Has Tom ever criticized Mary for doing that?
Has Tom ever criticized you for doing that?
Has Tom ever dated Mary?
Has Tom ever done that with you?
Has Tom ever done that?
Has Tom ever done this before?
Has Tom ever done this?
Has Tom ever done your homework for you?
Has Tom ever eaten at this restaurant?
Has Tom ever eaten at your house?
Has Tom ever fallen asleep in class?
Has Tom ever fallen in love?
Has Tom ever gone out with Mary?
Has Tom ever gone to Australia?
Has Tom ever gone to Boston?
Has Tom ever had any other health problems?
Has Tom ever hit you?
Has Tom ever kissed you?
Has Tom ever laughed at any of your jokes?
Has Tom ever lied to you about anything?
Has Tom ever lived in Australia?
Has Tom ever lived in Boston?
Has Tom ever played tennis with Mary?
Has Tom ever really tried to do that?
Has Tom ever really tried to win?
Has Tom ever ridden a horse?
Has Tom ever seen you do that?
Has Tom ever seen you win?
Has Tom ever spoken to you?
Has Tom ever stayed at a fancy hotel?
Has Tom ever stayed with you in Australia?
Has Tom ever stayed with you in Boston?
Has Tom ever studied French?
Has Tom ever talked to you about me?
Has Tom ever threatened you?
Has Tom ever told you any ghost stories?
Has Tom ever told you how he broke leg?
Has Tom ever told you how he lost his leg?
Has Tom ever told you how he met Mary?
Has Tom ever told you that he loves you?
Has Tom ever told you where he was born?
Has Tom ever told you why he doesn't like Mary?
Has Tom ever tried doing that?
Has Tom ever tried picking a fight with you?
Has Tom ever tried that?
Has Tom ever tried to do that?
Has Tom ever visited Australia?
Has Tom ever visited Boston?
Has Tom ever worked for you?
Has Tom ever worked in Australia?
Has Tom ever worked in Boston?
Has Tom ever written a letter in French?
Has Tom explained the situation?
Has Tom figured it out yet?
Has Tom filed a complaint?
Has Tom finished already?
Has Tom finished classes yet?
Has Tom finished doing that yet?
Has Tom finished eating?
Has Tom finished his homework yet?
Has Tom finished his homework?
Has Tom finished his work yet?
Has Tom finished illustrating the book yet?
Has Tom finished reading the book yet?
Has Tom finished school yet?
Has Tom finished the book yet?
Has Tom finished writing the book yet?
Has Tom finished?
Has Tom forgiven Mary?
Has Tom forgiven us?
Has Tom forgiven you?
Has Tom found a job yet?
Has Tom found his keys yet?
Has Tom found them yet?
Has Tom given it back to you yet?
Has Tom given the go-ahead?
Has Tom given you any advice?
Has Tom given you any money this week?
Has Tom given you anything?
Has Tom given you the money yet?
Has Tom gone home?
Has Tom gone insane?
Has Tom gone mute?
Has Tom gone to Boston?
Has Tom gone, too?
Has Tom gone?
Has Tom got a cat?
Has Tom got a fixation on you?
Has Tom got a good lawyer?
Has Tom got a key to Mary's flat?
Has Tom got a valid driving licence?
Has Tom got grey hair?
Has Tom got himself drunk again?
Has Tom got the hump with us?
Has Tom graduated?
Has Tom had any visitors?
Has Tom had breakfast?
Has Tom had lunch?
Has Tom had many visitors?
Has Tom helped Mary recently?
Has Tom hurt someone again?
Has Tom hurt someone?
Has Tom hurt you?
Has Tom kissed you yet?
Has Tom kissed you, too?
Has Tom learned new survival skills?
Has Tom left Boston?
Has Tom left already?
Has Tom left the hospital yet? Yeah? Then he's close to returning to work, right?
Has Tom left yet?
Has Tom left?
Has Tom lost his mind?
Has Tom made any progress?
Has Tom made progress?
Has Tom mentioned Mary?
Has Tom mentioned anything to you?
Has Tom met your mother?
Has Tom moved to Boston?
Has Tom noticed yet?
Has Tom officially retired?
Has Tom okayed this?
Has Tom paid the rent?
Has Tom paid you already?
Has Tom paid you back the money he owes you?
Has Tom paid you for mowing his lawn?
Has Tom paid you?
Has Tom paid?
Has Tom popped the question?
Has Tom promised to be there?
Has Tom promised to help us?
Has Tom promised to participate?
Has Tom promised to sing?
Has Tom proposed to you?
Has Tom quit drinking?
Has Tom quit smoking?
Has Tom quit?
Has Tom really changed?
Has Tom really come back?
Has Tom really moved to Australia?
Has Tom really moved to Boston?
Has Tom received an invitation yet?
Has Tom recovered?
Has Tom regained consciousness?
Has Tom reported it?
Has Tom retired?
Has Tom returned yet?
Has Tom returned?
Has Tom said anything about Mary?
Has Tom said anything more?
Has Tom said anything to you about that?
Has Tom said anything to you?
Has Tom said anything?
Has Tom said where he was last weekend?
Has Tom scored a goal this season?
Has Tom seen Mary recently?
Has Tom seen this?
Has Tom shown up yet?
Has Tom slept?
Has Tom sold his car yet?
Has Tom solved that problem yet?
Has Tom spoken to you about me?
Has Tom spoken?
Has Tom started his new job yet?
Has Tom started learning a new skill for survival?
Has Tom stayed here before?
Has Tom still not come back?
Has Tom still not returned?
Has Tom stopped crying yet?
Has Tom studied French?
Has Tom taken a shower yet?
Has Tom talked about leaving the country?
Has Tom talked to Mary recently?
Has Tom talked to Mary yet?
Has Tom talked to Mary?
Has Tom talked to the authorities?
Has Tom talked to you about Mary?
Has Tom talked to you about it?
Has Tom talked to you about this?
Has Tom talked to you recently?
Has Tom talked to you yet?
Has Tom talked to you?
Has Tom taught French?
Has Tom teased you before?
Has Tom threatened you?
Has Tom told Mary about his first wife?
Has Tom told Mary about how he met John?
Has Tom told Mary anything yet?
Has Tom told Mary anything?
Has Tom told Mary everything?
Has Tom told Mary he doesn't really know how to speak French?
Has Tom told Mary that he can't speak French at all?
Has Tom told Mary that he doesn't really know how to speak French?
Has Tom told Mary that he's married?
Has Tom told Mary that he's poor?
Has Tom told Mary what to do?
Has Tom told Mary where he lives?
Has Tom told Mary who his grandfather is?
Has Tom told Mary yet?
Has Tom told Mary?
Has Tom told you anything about his family?
Has Tom told you anything about his past?
Has Tom told you anything yet?
Has Tom told you anything?
Has Tom told you everything?
Has Tom told you the name of his horse?
Has Tom told you the rest of the story?
Has Tom told you what happened?
Has Tom told you what has to be done?
Has Tom told you what needs to be done?
Has Tom told you where he met Mary?
Has Tom told you who he's married to?
Has Tom told you why he doesn't want to do that?
Has Tom told you why he doesn't want to stay?
Has Tom transferred yet?
Has Tom tried bubble tea before?
Has Tom tried doing that?
Has Tom tried doing this before?
Has Tom tried it?
Has Tom tried that?
Has Tom tried to blackmail you?
Has Tom visited Mary in prison?
Has Tom waived his rights?
Has Tom warned you?
Has Tom written the letter yet?
Has Tom written to you lately?
Has Tom written to you?
Has Tom written you?
Has Tom's French improved?
Has Tom's dancing improved?
Has Tom's dog ever bitten Mary?
Has Tom's family been notified?
Has Tom's painting improved?
Has Tony been watching TV?
Has William been arrested?
Has Yanni finished his homework?
Has Ziri been drinking?
Has Ziri been taking his medicines?
Has Ziri forgotten how to have sex?
Has Ziri outgrown his cruel behavior?
Has Ziri thought of that?
Has Ziri's luck run out?
Has a certain presidential candidate lowered the bar for what may be said in polite society?
Has a change in ocean currents occurred?
Has a decision been made for dinner?
Has a random stranger ever made a really big impact on you?
Has a solution been found yet?
Has a solution been found?
Has all the coke been drunk?
Has all the equipment been checked?
Has all the hype paid off?
Has all your money made you happy?
Has an e-mail come?
Has any action been taken on my case?
Has any conclusion been reached?
Has any nation ever had two kings?
Has any of it ever been done before?
Has any post come for me?
Has anybody asked Mary why she did that?
Has anybody asked Tom and Mary why they did that?
Has anybody asked Tom why he did that?
Has anybody been doing that?
Has anybody been helping Tom?
Has anybody been helping you?
Has anybody been hurt?
Has anybody been shot?
Has anybody called Tom?
Has anybody called?
Has anybody checked on Tom?
Has anybody come?
Has anybody contacted Tom?
Has anybody contacted you?
Has anybody done that?
Has anybody else seen this?
Has anybody ever actually met this "Tom Jackson"?
Has anybody ever called you Tom?
Has anybody ever given serious thought to this?
Has anybody ever proposed to you?
Has anybody ever said you wear too much makeup?
Has anybody ever thought of this?
Has anybody ever told you what really happened that day?
Has anybody ever told you what really happened?
Has anybody fed the dog?
Has anybody heard from Tom?
Has anybody heard from her?
Has anybody heard from him?
Has anybody heard from them?
Has anybody here been to Australia?
Has anybody here been to Boston?
Has anybody here been to Hawaii?
Has anybody here ever been to Australia?
Has anybody here ever been to Boston?
Has anybody here made a profit in futures trading?
Has anybody here seen Tom today?
Has anybody here seen Tom?
Has anybody in your family been to Boston?
Has anybody invited you yet?
Has anybody left me any message?
Has anybody objected to your doing that?
Has anybody seen God?
Has anybody seen Tom around lately?
Has anybody seen Tom lately?
Has anybody seen Tom today?
Has anybody seen Tom?
Has anybody seen her?
Has anybody seen him?
Has anybody seen my beer mug?
Has anybody seen my dog?
Has anybody seen my fork?
Has anybody seen my phone?
Has anybody seen my wallet?
Has anybody seen our cat?
Has anybody seen that movie?
Has anybody seen them?
Has anybody solved this mystery?
Has anybody spoken to Tom?
Has anybody spoken to her?
Has anybody spoken to him?
Has anybody spoken to them?
Has anybody spoken to you?
Has anybody spoken with Tom?
Has anybody spoken with her?
Has anybody spoken with him?
Has anybody spoken with them?
Has anybody spoken with you?
Has anybody talked to Tom?
Has anybody talked to her?
Has anybody talked to him?
Has anybody talked to them?
Has anybody talked to you?
Has anybody told Tom he'll have to do that tomorrow?
Has anybody told Tom that he'll have to do that tomorrow?
Has anybody told Tom the truth?
Has anybody told Tom what he needs to do?
Has anybody told Tom why he has to do that?
Has anybody told Tom?
Has anybody told you what's going on?
Has anybody told you what's happening?
Has anyone actually done that?
Has anyone actually talked to Tom?
Has anyone actually used this?
Has anyone asked Mary why she did that?
Has anyone asked Tom and Mary why they did that?
Has anyone asked Tom why he did that?
Has anyone asked for me?
Has anyone asked you anything?
Has anyone attempted to "surf" the Internet since 1998?
Has anyone been helping Tom?
Has anyone been helping you?
Has anyone been hurt?
Has anyone been mistreating you?
Has anyone called Tom?
Has anyone called her?
Has anyone called them?
Has anyone called?
Has anyone close to you ever committed suicide?
Has anyone come?
Has anyone contacted Tom?
Has anyone contacted you?
Has anyone done that?
Has anyone else had the same problem?
Has anyone else seen her?
Has anyone else seen him?
Has anyone else seen it?
Has anyone else seen this?
Has anyone escaped?
Has anyone ever accused you of being a pathological liar?
Has anyone ever actually met this "Tom Jackson"?
Has anyone ever been attacked by a bear in this park?
Has anyone ever broken your heart?
Has anyone ever called the number on the back of delivery trucks?
Has anyone ever confessed to you before?
Has anyone ever faced an ogre?
Has anyone ever in human history driven to the store only to buy beans?
Has anyone ever loved you as much as I do?
Has anyone ever proposed to you?
Has anyone ever said "I don't" instead of "I do" in a wedding?
Has anyone ever said that you wear too much makeup?
Has anyone ever seen "The Silence of the Lambs"? The late, great Hannibal Lecter. He's a wonderful man. He oftentimes would have a friend for dinner. Remember the last scene? "Excuse me, I’m about to have a friend for dinner," as this poor doctor walked by. "I'm about to have a friend for dinner." But Hannibal Lecter. Congratulations. The late, great Hannibal Lecter.
Has anyone ever told you anything about me?
Has anyone ever told you how beautiful you are?
Has anyone ever told you how lovely you look?
Has anyone ever told you how pretty you are?
Has anyone ever told you that you had a bad attitude?
Has anyone ever told you that you have a beautiful anus?
Has anyone ever told you that you have a cute penis?
Has anyone ever told you that you have beautiful eyes?
Has anyone ever told you that you look just like Tom Jackson?
Has anyone ever told you that you snore when you sleep?
Has anyone ever told you that you stop breathing when you are asleep?
Has anyone ever told you that you stop breathing when you're asleep?
Has anyone ever told you that you worry too much?
Has anyone ever told you that you're beautiful?
Has anyone ever told you that you're obnoxious?
Has anyone ever told you that you've got serious trust issues?
Has anyone ever told you that?
Has anyone ever told you the truth?
Has anyone ever told you there's this guy named Tom Jackson who looks just like you?
Has anyone ever told you they loved you?
Has anyone ever told you what really happened that day?
Has anyone ever told you what really happened?
Has anyone ever told you you look just like Tom Jackson?
Has anyone ever told you you're amazing?
Has anyone ever told you you're an asshole?
Has anyone ever told you you've got serious trust issues?
Has anyone fed the dog?
Has anyone found Tom yet?
Has anyone found a wallet?
Has anyone found her yet?
Has anyone found him yet?
Has anyone found them yet?
Has anyone gone through this stuff yet?
Has anyone got a better idea?
Has anyone got a better suggestion?
Has anyone got an idea?
Has anyone got any questions so far?
Has anyone guessed?
Has anyone heard any good jokes recently?
Has anyone heard from Tom?
Has anyone heard from her?
Has anyone heard from him?
Has anyone heard from them?
Has anyone here been to Australia?
Has anyone here ever been to Australia?
Has anyone here ever seen the night sky on a dark night, away from light pollution?
Has anyone here in the classroom heard about Norman Finkelstein?
Has anyone here read the whole thing?
Has anyone here seen Tom today?
Has anyone here seen Tom?
Has anyone here seen that movie?
Has anyone hit on you before?
Has anyone in your family been to Boston?
Has anyone in your family ever been arrested?
Has anyone informed Tom?
Has anyone left me a message?
Has anyone noticed that in Esperanto grammars they never talk about punctuation?
Has anyone noticed?
Has anyone objected to your doing that?
Has anyone of you been to Hawaii?
Has anyone picked up the post yet?
Has anyone read that book?
Has anyone really said "'Ello, gov'na" in England?
Has anyone requested a briefing?
Has anyone seen Mary without a makeup?
Has anyone seen Tom around lately?
Has anyone seen Tom today?
Has anyone seen Tom?
Has anyone seen her today?
Has anyone seen her?
Has anyone seen him?
Has anyone seen it yet?
Has anyone seen my badge?
Has anyone seen my beer mug?
Has anyone seen my clarinet?
Has anyone seen my dog?
Has anyone seen my glasses?
Has anyone seen my key?
Has anyone seen my keys?
Has anyone seen my notebook?
Has anyone seen my sunglasses?
Has anyone seen that movie?
Has anyone seen the child?
Has anyone seen the imposter?
Has anyone seen the major?
Has anyone seen the paste?
Has anyone seen them?
Has anyone solved that mystery?
Has anyone spoken to Tom?
Has anyone spoken to her?
Has anyone spoken to him?
Has anyone spoken to them?
Has anyone spoken to you?
Has anyone talked to Tom about this?
Has anyone talked to Tom?
Has anyone talked to her?
Has anyone talked to him?
Has anyone talked to them?
Has anyone talked to you?
Has anyone talked with Tom lately?
Has anyone thought about that?
Has anyone thought about this?
Has anyone told Tom about what happened?
Has anyone told Tom he'll have to do that tomorrow?
Has anyone told Tom that he'll have to do that tomorrow?
Has anyone told Tom the truth?
Has anyone told Tom what he needs to do?
Has anyone told Tom why he has to do that?
Has anyone told Tom?
Has anyone told you about what really happened?
Has anyone told you that you have beautiful eyes?
Has anyone told you that you're beautiful?
Has anyone told you that, should you ever get caught in a rain shower, a house door will probably open and you'll be invited inside for a coffee till the sun returns?
Has anyone told you what's going on?
Has anyone told you what's happening?
Has anyone translated the Chinese sentences that I added?
Has anyone tried this before?
Has anyone turned up?
Has anything annoyed you?
Has anything been unclear so far?
Has anything changed in the last few days and weeks?
Has anything changed since then?
Has anything changed?
Has anything escaped me?
Has anything gone missing?
Has anything good happened lately?
Has anything happened?
Has anything interesting happened lately?
Has anything interesting happened recently?
Has anything like this ever happened before?
Has anything like this ever happened to you before?
Has anything like this happened before?
Has anything out of the ordinary happened here lately?
Has anything really changed?
Has anything strange happened?
Has anything you've done made your life better?
Has contact been made?
Has cybersecurity become a national priority?
Has decolonization improved life for the people?
Has everybody arrived?
Has everybody caught up?
Has everybody eaten?
Has everybody found their mistakes?
Has everyone arrived?
Has everyone been told?
Has everyone caught up?
Has everyone eaten?
Has everyone gone crazy in this country?
Has everyone gone crazy?
Has everyone gone stark raving mad?
Has everyone gone stark-raving mad?
Has everyone gone to bed?
Has everyone got a musical instrument?
Has everyone got a pencil?
Has everyone got all of their suitcases back?
Has everyone met Tom?
Has having so much money made you happy?
Has he accepted our invitation?
Has he already arrived?
Has he already come?
Has he already completed the form?
Has he already done it?
Has he already filled out the form?
Has he already finished his homework?
Has he already finished?
Has he always been like that?
Has he any children?
Has he any idea who would do something like that?
Has he arrived already?
Has he arrived yet?
Has he arrived?
Has he become able to speak English?
Has he become crazy?
Has he been in touch with you yet?
Has he been in touch with you?
Has he been in touch?
Has he been learning English?
Has he been looking for me?
Has he been sacked?
Has he been saying bad things about Tom again?
Has he been training recently?
Has he brought a present?
Has he calmed down?
Has he changed his mind about Islam?
Has he come down yet?
Has he come yet?
Has he come?
Has he completed the form?
Has he completed this form?
Has he contacted you?
Has he done this before?
Has he eaten yet?
Has he eaten?
Has he ever been married?
Has he ever been to outer space?
Has he ever done this before?
Has he ever lied to you?
Has he ever snored?
Has he ever swum in a lake before?
Has he failed again?
Has he filled out the form?
Has he filled out this form?
Has he finally arrived?
Has he finished his call?
Has he finished his homework yet?
Has he forgotten his money?
Has he forgotten the money?
Has he found her?
Has he found them?
Has he given a reason?
Has he given up cigarettes?
Has he given you his phone number?
Has he gone already?
Has he gone for another smoke?
Has he gone out again for a cigarette?
Has he gone out for a smoke again?
Has he got a chance of succeeding?
Has he got a dog?
Has he got a scooter?
Has he got a stomach ache?
Has he got an appointment?
Has he got any chance of succeeding?
Has he got any experience of farming?
Has he got any idea who would do something like that?
Has he got married before?
Has he got money?
Has he got siblings?
Has he got the book?
Has he got the sack?
Has he got to stay at home today?
Has he gotten married before?
Has he had lunch?
Has he kissed you yet?
Has he learned Berber?
Has he learnt his lesson?
Has he left?
Has he lived here for two years?
Has he lost it altogether?
Has he loved his wife so much?
Has he made any progress?
Has he made progress?
Has he met them today?
Has he no other clothes?
Has he not been feeling well for months now?
Has he paid back the money you lent him?
Has he paid you?
Has he pressed the blue button?
Has he proposed some new solution?
Has he reached out to you yet?
Has he reached pensionable age yet?
Has he read this article?
Has he returned from the country?
Has he returned yet?
Has he shown you a photo?
Has he shown you the photo?
Has he slept?
Has he stated the reason?
Has he stayed here before?
Has he still not done anything?
Has he stopped smoking?
Has he talked to you?
Has he told them the truth?
Has he told you anything definite?
Has he warned you?
Has he worked all day?
Has he worn the new suit yet?
Has he written the letter yet?
Has he written?
Has her Highness slept well?
Has it all been worthwhile?
Has it already been sold?
Has it already reached you?
Has it always been this way?
Has it arrived?
Has it been 10 years already?
Has it been appraised?
Has it been damaged?
Has it been fixed yet?
Has it been long since you divorced Tom?
Has it been proven that there's a link between tobacco and lung cancer?
Has it been proven there's a link between tobacco and lung cancer?
Has it been snowing in Algeria?
Has it been three years already?
Has it changed you?
Has it cooled off yet?
Has it ever crossed your mind?
Has it ever happened before?
Has it ever occurred to you that perhaps you're not right?
Has it ever occurred to you that you might be wrong?
Has it ever occurred to you that you might not be right?
Has it ever snowed in this part of Algeria?
Has it happened to you?
Has it never occurred to you that you might be wrong?
Has it occurred to you that Tom might be able to help us solve the problem?
Has it occurred to you that Tom might not want to be here?
Has it occurred to you that you might be the one with the problem?
Has it rained here recently?
Has it really been three years?
Has it started snowing yet?
Has it stopped raining yet?
Has it stopped raining?
Has it stopped snowing?
Has my father already come back?
Has my roommate been decided?
Has my software been updated?
Has my time come?
Has my trunk come yet?
Has no one seen it yet?
Has no one started to copy the user guides of bathroom fragrance balls and lime descalers into the English sentences of Tatoeba yet?
Has no-one ever told you how clumsy you are?
Has our schedule changed?
Has our teacher been to Germany?
Has prison changed her?
Has prison changed him?
Has prison changed them?
Has prison changed these people?
Has returned home for his cousin's wedding.
Has she a piano?
Has she already arrived?
Has she already changed it?
Has she already completed the form?
Has she already filled out the form?
Has she already finished reading the book?
Has she already finished?
Has she already given you the money?
Has she always been like that?
Has she arrived yet?
Has she arrived?
Has she become crazy?
Has she been in touch with you?
Has she been in touch?
Has she betrayed your trust?
Has she bought a new pencil case?
Has she calmed down?
Has she come or what?
Has she come to the bank before?
Has she come?
Has she completed the form?
Has she completed this form?
Has she contacted you?
Has she decided on the next job?
Has she earned the first place?
Has she ever been to outer space?
Has she ever fallen in love?
Has she ever snored?
Has she explained everything to you?
Has she filled out this form?
Has she finally arrived?
Has she finished her homework yet?
Has she finished her work yet?
Has she finished the book yet?
Has she forgiven you?
Has she got a dog?
Has she got a phone?
Has she got married before?
Has she got stomachache?
Has she got to stay at home today?
Has she gotten married before?
Has she had lunch?
Has she invited you?
Has she just eaten sushi?
Has she known them for a long time?
Has she learned to ride a bike?
Has she left?
Has she missed much?
Has she perhaps forgotten?
Has she read this article?
Has she received my letter?
Has she rested a bit?
Has she slept?
Has somebody a good idea?
Has somebody called me?
Has someone been mistreating you?
Has someone been pressuring you?
Has someone died?
Has someone forgotten their keys? I found these in the kitchen.
Has someone hit on you before?
Has someone lost something?
Has something changed?
Has something else happened?
Has something fun happened lately?
Has something gone wrong?
Has something good happened?
Has something happened I should know about?
Has something happened between you and Tom?
Has something happened that I should know about?
Has something happened to Tom?
Has something happened to her?
Has something happened to him?
Has something happened to them?
Has something happened to you?
Has something happened to your leg?
Has something happened?
Has something important happened?
Has something like that ever happened to you?
Has something like this ever happened to you before?
Has that all changed?
Has that already happened?
Has that been done before?
Has that been fact-checked?
Has that been proved scientifically?
Has that been proven scientifically?
Has that been proven?
Has that been scientifically proven?
Has that changed you?
Has that ever happened before?
Has that ever happened to you before?
Has that ever happened to you that you forgot the birthday of your wife?
Has that ever happened to you?
Has that ever worked out?
Has that happened to you?
Has that happened yet?
Has that information been proven?
Has that information been verified?
Has that man done something to you?
Has that problem been resolved?
Has that really got to be done?
Has that secretarial position been filled?
Has the Algerian economy stopped growing?
Has the Foreign Secretary arrived yet?
Has the Minister of Foreign Affairs arrived yet?
Has the UN considered the rights of goats?
Has the accountant done the accounts?
Has the admission notice come yet?
Has the avian flu been eradicated?
Has the baby woken up?
Has the bell rung yet?
Has the bell rung?
Has the body not been recovered yet?
Has the book been translated into English?
Has the boss ever asked you to work on Sundays?
Has the boss signed your vacation request?
Has the bus left yet?
Has the cat got your tongue?
Has the cat got your tongue? Why are you not answering?
Has the climate changed?
Has the company strengthened its cybersecurity?
Has the concert already started?
Has the concert begun yet?
Has the concert started?
Has the copyright expired yet?
Has the coronavirus pandemic ended?
Has the crisis in Algeria been a long time in coming?
Has the cybersecurity attack been resolved?
Has the cybersecurity breach been contained?
Has the cybersecurity team identified new risks?
Has the cybersecurity team responded to the threat?
Has the data been analyzed?
Has the data been keyed in yet?
Has the dining-room table already been laid?
Has the doctor been here today?
Has the doctor examined you yet?
Has the dog been fed?
Has the dog been taken home by its owner?
Has the door been closed?
Has the evening edition of the newspaper come out already?
Has the evening paper arrived yet?
Has the fever gone down?
Has the fight for decolonization slowed down?
Has the film got subtitles?
Has the film started yet?
Has the fire been put out?
Has the flat got a garage?
Has the flat got a garden?
Has the flat got three bedrooms?
Has the foreign minister arrived yet?
Has the freight arrived yet?
Has the future bride chosen her dinnerware pattern?
Has the game already started?
Has the game started?
Has the garbage man been by?
Has the government hired more cybersecurity experts?
Has the government improved its cybersecurity defenses?
Has the house got a dining room?
Has the house got a garage?
Has the house got a garden?
Has the judge ever been wrong?
Has the jury reached a verdict yet?
Has the jury reached a verdict?
Has the laundry been washed yet?
Has the letter carrier been by yet?
Has the library got that book?
Has the library got this book?
Has the mail been sorted?
Has the mail come yet?
Has the mailman already come?
Has the mailman delivered a package for me?
Has the market been more expensive lately?
Has the market reopened after the protests?
Has the meeting already started?
Has the meeting started?
Has the mission been delayed?
Has the mission started its work?
Has the motorcycle been filled up with gas yet?
Has the motorcycle run out of gas yet?
Has the movement for decolonization started?
Has the movie already started?
Has the movie started already?
Has the movie started yet?
Has the movie started?
Has the new coach improved the team's quality?
Has the new revolution started yet?
Has the pain been getting worse?
Has the pain been this bad all week?
Has the pain stopped?
Has the party already started?
Has the party started already?
Has the party started yet?
Has the payment gone through?
Has the performance started yet?
Has the plaster set?
Has the plumber found the source of the trouble?
Has the post been?
Has the post come?
Has the postie been yet?
Has the postie been?
Has the postman been yet?
Has the postman been?
Has the problem already been solved?
Has the problem been dealt with?
Has the problem been solved yet?
Has the rain season begun?
Has the rain stopped? It would be good if it had.
Has the rain stopped? It would be good if it has.
Has the red rose blossomed?
Has the resin cured?
Has the resin dried?
Has the revolution gained international support?
Has the road been cleared yet?
Has the room got a television as well?
Has the rose blossomed?
Has the rule of law eroded in Algeria?
Has the shipment arrived yet?
Has the sick child improved any?
Has the situation improved?
Has the snow already melted?
Has the snow melted already?
Has the snow stopped yet?
Has the stutterer been sent back to Russia, or not yet?
Has the sun already set?
Has the sun come out?
Has the sun gone down yet?
Has the sun set yet?
Has the suspect been apprehended?
Has the table already been laid?
Has the taxi come yet?
Has the train arrived yet?
Has the train been delayed?
Has the vacancy already been filled?
Has the ventilator stopped again?
Has the war in Ukraine reached an impasse?
Has the wash come back yet?
Has the weather become cloudy?
Has the weather changed?
Has the witness been sworn in?
Has the work started?
Has the world gone mad?
Has there been a polity which has instituted a democratic form of communism, rather than authoritarian?
Has there been a power cut?
Has there been an increase in bench building in Turkey?
Has there been any change in policy?
Has there been any change?
Has there been any progress?
Has there been anything interesting lately?
Has there ever been a less surprising charge than proud misogynist Andrew Tate being arrested for human trafficking?
Has there ever been a toothpaste that 10 out of 10 dentists recommended?
Has this always been a problem?
Has this been done before?
Has this been tested on animals?
Has this ever been done before?
Has this ever happened before?
Has this ever happened to you before?
Has this ever happened to you?
Has this gentleman gone, then?
Has this happened before?
Has this happened often?
Has this happened to you?
Has this kind of thing happened to you before?
Has this metal just been tempered?
Has this news come at a bad time for you?
Has this not happened before?
Has this phone got a fingerprint sensor?
Has this shelf always been here?
Has this spinach been washed and rinsed?
Has this tactic ever worked?
Has this thing appeared again tonight?
Has your appetite changed?
Has your brother got a moustache, sideboards or a full beard?
Has your cat been declawed?
Has your cat ever scratched anyone?
Has your child been vaccinated against whooping cough?
Has your condition changed at all since last time?
Has your conversion to Islam affected your family?
Has your dog ever bitten anybody?
Has your dog ever bitten anyone?
Has your dog ever bitten you?
Has your father arrived yet?
Has your father come yet?
Has your father ever been to Africa?
Has your father ever been to Australia?
Has your father ever been to Boston?
Has your father ever cut your hair?
Has your father ever visited Australia?
Has your friend divorced?
Has your god come in peace?
Has your heart ever been broken?
Has your kitten been house-trained yet?
Has your luggage been in your possession at all times?
Has your mother ever been in the hospital for a long time?
Has your mother returned from going to the market yet, child?
Has your neck thickened during the previous year?
Has your new novel already been translated into French?
Has your opinion of Tom changed?
Has your own dog ever bitten you?
Has your phone connected?
Has your problem been solved?
Has your room got two windows?
Has your study been published?
Hasan is sick.
Hasbara is another word for Zionist propaganda.
Hash is a type of cannabis concentrate.
Hash is short for hashish.
Hash oil is a type of cannabis concentrate.
Hashimoto will tell me the news.
Hashimoto, a 56-year-old lawmaker in Japan’s ruling party, participated in seven Summer and Winter Olympics as a skater and a cyclist.
Hasn't Jim arrived yet?
Hasn't Jim returned yet?
Hasn't Kate arrived yet?
Hasn't Rita's aunt prayed?
Hasn't Tom arrived yet?
Hasn't Tom been married before?
Hasn't Tom come home yet?
Hasn't Tom done enough already?
Hasn't Tom done enough damage already?
Hasn't Tom done enough?
Hasn't Tom done that yet?
Hasn't Tom even seen Mary dance?
Hasn't Tom gotten out of bed yet?
Hasn't Tom left yet?
Hasn't Tom left?
Hasn't Tom returned yet?
Hasn't Tom said anything to you?
Hasn't Tom seen her?
Hasn't Tom started doing that yet?
Hasn't Tom started yet?
Hasn't Tom suffered enough?
Hasn't Tom told you anything?
Hasn't anybody done that yet?
Hasn't anybody ever told you that before?
Hasn't anyone done that yet?
Hasn't anyone got a question?
Hasn't anyone here got a phone charger?
Hasn't anyone seen Tom?
Hasn't anyone seen her?
Hasn't anyone seen him?
Hasn't anyone seen it yet?
Hasn't anyone seen them?
Hasn't he arrived yet?
Hasn't he done anything yet?
Hasn't he looked at himself in a mirror?
Hasn't he seen you?
Hasn't it always been this way?
Hasn't it been solved yet? Whose responsibility is it, the prefecture's or the country's?
Hasn't it ever occurred to you that you might be wrong?
Hasn't she bought a computer yet?
Hasn't she ever said anything about that issue?
Hasn't she ever said anything about this?
Hasn't the parcel arrived yet?
Hasn't there been a lot of films like this recently?
Hasn't there been any change?
Hasn't this been the problem all along?
Hasn't this happened before?
Hasn't this item got a number?
Hasn't this part got a number?
Hasn't your husband run away yet?
Hasn’t Jim arrived yet?
Hasn’t Jim returned yet?
Hasn’t Kate arrived yet?
Hasn’t he forgotten me?
Hasn’t he looked at himself in a mirror?
Hasn’t it been solved yet? Whose responsibility is it, the prefecture’s or the country’s?
Hasn’t the parcel arrived yet?
Hassan is a good student. He always gets good grades.
Hassan went to school.
Hassi Messaoud is one of Algeria's major production centers for oil and gas.
Hassiba Ben Bouali is one of Algiers' longest avenues.
Hasta la vista, baby.
Haste does not lead to anything good.
Haste is the work of Satan.
Haste is waste.
Haste makes waste.
Hasten after him—stop him—beg him to speak to me for a single moment.
Hasten slowly, and without losing heart, put your work twenty times upon the anvil.
Hasten slowly.
Hasten, my lads!
Hastily acquired knowledge was not enough to solve the problem.
Hasty marriage seldom succeeds.
Hat off!
Hate and love are disturbingly similar.
Hate breeds hate.
Hate crimes against Jews in America have skyrocketed in recent years.
Hate has its place.
Hate has no home here.
Hate hates hate.
Hate in any form does not get us anywhere.
Hate is a cancer on society.
Hate is my shepherd.
Hate is not a crime, but a sin.
Hate is tiring.
Hate is ugly. Don't be ugly.
Hate is when criticism.
Hate mail often contains exceptionally abusive, foul or otherwise hurtful language.
Hate makes man cruel.
Hate makes no rational sense, and the purveyors of hate rely on deception to spread myths that they could not spread truthfully.
Hate me!
Hate speech can spread quickly on social media.
Hate speech fosters discrimination and prejudice.
Hate speech has no place in a healthy online community.
Hate speech incites lynchings.
Hate speech inspires mass shootings.
Hate speech leads to violence against women.
Hate speech led to the Holocaust.
Hate speech on social media harms individuals and communities.
Hate speech undermines respect and tolerance.
Hate the Algerian authority.
Hate the sin but not the sinner.
Hate the sin, love the sinner.
Hate tires you out.
Hate-watching is still watching.
Hatemongers are not our brothers.
Hatemongers unite!
Haters gonna hate.
Hath he not counted us as strangers, and sold us, and eaten up the price of us?
Hath not a Jew hands, organs, dimensions, senses, affections, passions; fed with the same food, hurt with the same weapons, subject to the same diseases, healed by the same means, warmed and cooled by the same winter and summer as a Christian is?
Hating is so easy.
Hating others is foreign to her.
Hating someone is so easy.
Hatoyama says that he supports his family by gambling on horse racing.
Hatred breeds hatred.
Hatred can never be conquered by hatred, but only by love.
Hatred doesn't just appear out of thin air; it usually starts from envy or fear.
Hatred doesn't solve anything.
Hatred has its place.
Hatred is as blind as love.
Hatred is blind, as well as love.
Hatred is never appeased by hatred in this world.
Hatred is our enemy.
Hatred is the downside of being cute.
Hatred is the flip side of cuteness.
Hatred is the other side of cuteness.
Hatred is the winter of the heart.
Hatred is, indeed, never appeased by hatred in this world. It is appeased by loving-kindness. This is an ancient law.
Hatred solves nothing.
Hatred sometimes fades over time.
Hatred stirreth up strifes: but love covereth all sins.
Hatred underlies most relationships between men and women in America.
Hatred, infamy and slander have not conquered my spirit.
Hatreds, dissensions, discords, seditions, and wars are born from desires.
Hats are coming into fashion.
Hats are the secret to money.
Hats aren't allowed to be worn inside the clubhouse.
Hats off to Tom for taking a stand.
Hats off to Tom.
Hats off to him!
Hats off!
Hats should be popular next year.
Hatsumoude means New Year's visits to shrines.
Hatsumoude means New Year’s visits to shrines.
Hatsune Miku created Minecraft.
Hatsune Miku is the creator of Minecraft.
Hatsune Miku was the one who created Minecraft.
Haulage firms are experts at transporting goods across borders.
Haumea has a rotation period of about 4 hours. This is faster than any other known body larger than 100 km in diameter. Scientists believe this rapid rotation was caused by a long ago collision that also created its moons.
Haumea is a dwarf planet found in the Kuiper Belt. The Kuiper Belt is a big cloud of gas, dust, and rocky debris located at the outer edge of our solar system.
Haumea is a dwarf planet shaped like an egg.
Haumea is an oddly-shaped dwarf planet.
Haumea is an oval shaped dwarf planet.
Haumea is believed to be shaped like a plump cigar. The dwarf planet's rapid spin is thought to be the cause of this unusual shape.
Haumea is named after the Hawaiian goddess of childbirth. The two moons in orbit around Haumea were named after two of the children of Haumea. Hi'iaka is the larger moon, while the smaller moon was named Namaka.
Haumea is named for the Hawaiian goddess of fertility and childbirth. Haumea's moons are named for the goddess' two daughters.
Haumea spins rapidly, turning once every four hours, and is believed to be composed mostly of rock with a thin, icy shell and a dark red spot.
Haumea was first discovered in 2004.
Havana has a lot of colorful buildings.
Havana is the capital of Cuba.
Have I accidentally created a magical elixir?
Have I already told you about my book?
Have I already told you about the book I'm writing?
Have I already told you this?
Have I answered your question?
Have I any letters or messages?
Have I arrived too late?
Have I asked you whether you can speak Zhenjiang dialect?
Have I been clear enough?
Have I been dreaming the whole thing?
Have I been eliminated?
Have I been exposed to the pathogen?
Have I been misinformed?
Have I been replaced?
Have I been shot?
Have I broken a law, officer?
Have I called you at a bad time?
Have I caught you at a bad time?
Have I changed a lot?
Have I changed so much?
Have I changed that much?
Have I changed?
Have I come at a bad time?
Have I come to the right place?
Have I confused you? And still it is simple.
Have I convinced you?
Have I dialed the right number?
Have I disappointed you?
Have I displeased you?
Have I done a bad thing?
Have I done everything correctly?
Have I done everything right?
Have I done something I shouldn't have?
Have I done something stupid?
Have I done something to annoy you?
Have I done something to make Tom mad at me?
Have I done something to offend you?
Have I done something to upset you?
Have I done something wrong?
Have I embarrassed you?
Have I ever asked you for anything?
Have I ever asked you to work on a Sunday?
Have I ever cheated you?
Have I ever deceived you?
Have I ever let you down before?
Have I ever lied to her?
Have I ever lied to him?
Have I ever lied to them?
Have I ever lied to you?
Have I ever met you before?
Have I ever said that I love you?
Have I ever thought of buying a new pair of shoes? Mind your own business.
Have I ever told about how I met your mother?
Have I ever told you about the time Tom went to Boston?
Have I ever told you about what Tom and I did in Boston?
Have I ever told you guys about the first time I met Tom?
Have I ever told you guys about the first time I went camping?
Have I ever told you guys about the first time that I met Tom?
Have I ever told you guys about the first time that I went camping?
Have I ever told you how I became a circus clown?
Have I ever told you how beautiful you are?
Have I ever told you that I love you?
Have I ever told you that you're the sweetest thing in the world?
Have I fallen in love with her?
Have I forgotten anything?
Have I got any post?
Have I got talent?
Have I got to change for Paris?
Have I got to change trains for Paris?
Have I got to come?
Have I got to do everything myself?
Have I got to do it from scratch?
Have I got to give him a reason?
Have I got to go there?
Have I got to go to hospital?
Have I got to pay for the petrol?
Have I had any post?
Have I hit the nail on the head?
Have I kept you waiting long?
Have I kept you waiting?
Have I left anything out?
Have I lost my edge?
Have I lost my mind?
Have I made a mistake?
Have I made myself clear?
Have I made myself understood?
Have I made the right decision?
Have I mentioned this before?
Have I messed things up?
Have I messed up?
Have I met Tom?
Have I met everyone?
Have I met you before somewhere?
Have I met you before?
Have I met you somewhere?
Have I misjudged you?
Have I misled you?
Have I missed a payment?
Have I missed anything interesting?
Have I missed anything so far?
Have I missed anything?
Have I missed lunch?
Have I missed much?
Have I missed something?
Have I missed supper?
Have I mistreated you?
Have I misunderstood something?
Have I not kept my oath?
Have I not made it clear?
Have I not made sacrifices?
Have I not made that obvious?
Have I not mentioned that?
Have I not paid yet?
Have I offended him?
Have I offended you?
Have I really said that to you?
Have I really said this absurdity about you?
Have I really written that?
Have I said anything stupid?
Have I said anything that isn't true?
Have I said anything wrong?
Have I said something to hurt your feelings?
Have I said something to upset you?
Have I said something wrong?
Have I seen you before?
Have I slept a long time?
Have I steered you wrong?
Have I taken my meds?
Have I taught you nothing?
Have I thanked you yet?
Have I the pleasure of addressing Mr. Scrooge, or Mr. Marley?
Have I therefore been with thee twenty years? thy ewes and goats were not barren, the rams of thy flocks I did not eat; neither did I shew thee that which the beast had torn; I made good all the damage: whatsoever was lost by theft, thou didst exact it of me.
Have I told you about how I first met Tom?
Have I told you about the birds and the bees?
Have I told you how I broke my leg?
Have I told you how beautiful you are?
Have I told you how much I love you?
Have I told you that I hate you?
Have I told you this before?
Have I told you this joke before?
Have I told you where I first met Tom?
Have I translated that correctly?
Have I truly become a monster?
Have I understood that correctly?
Have Tom Jackson picked up.
Have Tom and I done enough?
Have Tom and I missed much?
Have Tom and Mary actually agreed to do that?
Have Tom and Mary actually done that?
Have Tom and Mary actually ever done that?
Have Tom and Mary actually ever used this?
Have Tom and Mary actually used this?
Have Tom and Mary already agreed to do that?
Have Tom and Mary already been here?
Have Tom and Mary already been told about this?
Have Tom and Mary already come?
Have Tom and Mary already done that?
Have Tom and Mary already eaten lunch?
Have Tom and Mary already eaten?
Have Tom and Mary already left for Boston?
Have Tom and Mary already left for their honeymoon?
Have Tom and Mary already left?
Have Tom and Mary already returned?
Have Tom and Mary already told you what needs to be done?
Have Tom and Mary always been fat?
Have Tom and Mary always been overweight?
Have Tom and Mary arrived yet?
Have Tom and Mary arrived?
Have Tom and Mary been around today?
Have Tom and Mary been around?
Have Tom and Mary been arrested?
Have Tom and Mary been asking you questions about me?
Have Tom and Mary been behaving themselves?
Have Tom and Mary been crying?
Have Tom and Mary been drinking today?
Have Tom and Mary been drinking?
Have Tom and Mary been eating properly?
Have Tom and Mary been fed?
Have Tom and Mary been fired yet?
Have Tom and Mary been getting into trouble?
Have Tom and Mary been having problems with anyone recently?
Have Tom and Mary been helpful?
Have Tom and Mary been here long?
Have Tom and Mary been hurt?
Have Tom and Mary been informed?
Have Tom and Mary been injured?
Have Tom and Mary been invited?
Have Tom and Mary been living in Boston long?
Have Tom and Mary been married for a long time?
Have Tom and Mary been notified?
Have Tom and Mary been talking about me?
Have Tom and Mary been there?
Have Tom and Mary been to Boston recently?
Have Tom and Mary been to Boston?
Have Tom and Mary been to see you recently?
Have Tom and Mary been told about the accident?
Have Tom and Mary been transferred?
Have Tom and Mary been waiting long?
Have Tom and Mary been watching TV?
Have Tom and Mary both already eaten?
Have Tom and Mary both done that already?
Have Tom and Mary both done that?
Have Tom and Mary both eaten already?
Have Tom and Mary both forgotten to do that?
Have Tom and Mary broken any rules?
Have Tom and Mary call me.
Have Tom and Mary called yet?
Have Tom and Mary called?
Have Tom and Mary calmed down?
Have Tom and Mary changed much?
Have Tom and Mary changed their minds?
Have Tom and Mary cleaned their room yet?
Have Tom and Mary cleaned their rooms yet?
Have Tom and Mary come back already?
Have Tom and Mary come back?
Have Tom and Mary come see me.
Have Tom and Mary come to Boston recently?
Have Tom and Mary come?
Have Tom and Mary considered volunteering for an environmental cause?
Have Tom and Mary decided to do that again tomorrow?
Have Tom and Mary decided what they're going to major in?
Have Tom and Mary decided where they'll go next summer?
Have Tom and Mary do that.
Have Tom and Mary done enough?
Have Tom and Mary done something wrong?
Have Tom and Mary done that already?
Have Tom and Mary done that recently?
Have Tom and Mary done that yet?
Have Tom and Mary done that?
Have Tom and Mary done this before?
Have Tom and Mary eaten anything at all?
Have Tom and Mary eaten anything today?
Have Tom and Mary eaten anything?
Have Tom and Mary eaten yet?
Have Tom and Mary even visited Australia?
Have Tom and Mary ever asked you to help them?
Have Tom and Mary ever asked you to loan them money?
Have Tom and Mary ever been arrested?
Have Tom and Mary ever been in love?
Have Tom and Mary ever been in trouble with the law?
Have Tom and Mary ever been to Australia?
Have Tom and Mary ever come on time?
Have Tom and Mary ever criticized you for doing that?
Have Tom and Mary ever done that with you?
Have Tom and Mary ever done that?
Have Tom and Mary ever eaten at this restaurant?
Have Tom and Mary ever eaten at your house?
Have Tom and Mary ever fallen asleep in class?
Have Tom and Mary ever gone hiking together?
Have Tom and Mary ever gone ice skating together?
Have Tom and Mary ever gone to Boston?
Have Tom and Mary ever had any other health problems?
Have Tom and Mary ever hit you?
Have Tom and Mary ever kissed each other?
Have Tom and Mary ever laughed at any of your jokes?
Have Tom and Mary ever lived in Boston?
Have Tom and Mary ever really tried to do that?
Have Tom and Mary ever seen you do that?
Have Tom and Mary ever spoken to you?
Have Tom and Mary ever stayed with you in Boston?
Have Tom and Mary ever studied French?
Have Tom and Mary ever talked to you about me?
Have Tom and Mary ever threatened you?
Have Tom and Mary ever told you any ghost stories?
Have Tom and Mary ever told you how they broke their legs?
Have Tom and Mary ever told you where they were born?
Have Tom and Mary ever told you why they don't like John?
Have Tom and Mary ever tried to do that?
Have Tom and Mary ever visited Australia?
Have Tom and Mary ever visited Boston?
Have Tom and Mary ever worked for you?
Have Tom and Mary ever worked in Boston?
Have Tom and Mary ever worked together?
Have Tom and Mary figured it out yet?
Have Tom and Mary filed a complaint?
Have Tom and Mary finished already?
Have Tom and Mary finished doing that yet?
Have Tom and Mary finished their homework?
Have Tom and Mary finished what they were doing?
Have Tom and Mary finished yet? What were they doing?
Have Tom and Mary forgiven you?
Have Tom and Mary found their keys yet?
Have Tom and Mary given you any advice?
Have Tom and Mary given you anything?
Have Tom and Mary gone home?
Have Tom and Mary gone insane?
Have Tom and Mary gone, too?
Have Tom and Mary gone?
Have Tom and Mary gotten back together?
Have Tom and Mary had any visitors?
Have Tom and Mary had many visitors?
Have Tom and Mary join us.
Have Tom and Mary left already?
Have Tom and Mary left?
Have Tom and Mary made any progress?
Have Tom and Mary meet us here at 2:30.
Have Tom and Mary promised to be there?
Have Tom and Mary promised to help us?
Have Tom and Mary promised to sing?
Have Tom and Mary really come back?
Have Tom and Mary really moved to Boston?
Have Tom and Mary report here tomorrow morning.
Have Tom and Mary report to me immediately.
Have Tom and Mary returned?
Have Tom and Mary said anything to you about that?
Have Tom and Mary said anything to you?
Have Tom and Mary said anything?
Have Tom and Mary seen this?
Have Tom and Mary spoken to you about me?
Have Tom and Mary studied French?
Have Tom and Mary talked about what happened?
Have Tom and Mary talked to you recently?
Have Tom and Mary taught French?
Have Tom and Mary told John that they can't speak French at all?
Have Tom and Mary told John that they don't really know how to speak French?
Have Tom and Mary told you anything yet?
Have Tom and Mary told you what happened?
Have Tom and Mary told you why they don't want to stay?
Have Tom and Mary tried doing this before?
Have Tom and Mary tried it?
Have Tom and Mary visited Australia?
Have Tom call me.
Have Tom call us.
Have Tom check with Mary.
Have Tom come early tomorrow morning.
Have Tom come early tomorrow.
Have Tom come see me.
Have Tom compile a list.
Have Tom do it.
Have Tom do that.
Have Tom do this.
Have Tom join me when he's available.
Have Tom join us.
Have Tom meet us here at 2:30.
Have Tom report here tomorrow morning.
Have Tom report to me immediately.
Have Tom sit in the back.
Have Tom wait a moment.
Have a "safe" trip.
Have a Merry Christmas!
Have a ball at the ball!
Have a bath and then get to bed.
Have a bath and then go to bed.
Have a bath! You'll feel fresh and relaxed afterwards.
Have a beautiful Sunday!
Have a beer with me.
Have a beer.
Have a better look.
Have a birthday drink! It's on the house.
Have a birthday drink! It’s on the house.
Have a biscuit.
Have a bit of fun.
Have a bite.
Have a blessed Isra and Mi'raj.
Have a blessed Mid-Sha'ban.
Have a brandy with us.
Have a break.
Have a burger!
Have a butcher's at this, please.
Have a cigar?
Have a closer look.
Have a cold shower and then drink a hot cup of tea.
Have a cookie.
Have a croissant.
Have a cup of coffee.
Have a cup of milk. It will do you good.
Have a cup of milk. It'll do you good.
Have a cup of tea, won't you?
Have a cup of tea, won’t you?
Have a donut.
Have a doughnut.
Have a drink of champagne.
Have a drink of water.
Have a drink on me.
Have a drink while you're waiting.
Have a drink with me, Tom.
Have a drink with me.
Have a drink with us.
Have a drink, Tom.
Have a drink, and you'll feel better.
Have a drink.
Have a face like thunder.
Have a fantastic couple of days if I don't see you in classroom.
Have a freebie.
Have a glass of brandy.
Have a glass of water.
Have a good Christmas.
Have a good Halloween.
Have a good beautiful day!
Have a good day at school.
Have a good day at work.
Have a good day, Ziri.
Have a good day, everyone.
Have a good day, hon.
Have a good day.
Have a good dream!
Have a good evening!
Have a good flight!
Have a good flight.
Have a good fly.
Have a good hike.
Have a good journey!
Have a good life.
Have a good look at this picture and find me in it.
Have a good look at this picture and tell me whether or not you can find me in it.
Have a good look at this picture.
Have a good look.
Have a good meal!
Have a good meal.
Have a good meeting!
Have a good night everyone.
Have a good night.
Have a good one.
Have a good rest!
Have a good rest.
Have a good sleep!
Have a good summer vacation!
Have a good summer vacation. Be careful and stay safe.
Have a good summer.
Have a good supply of drinking water.
Have a good think about it.
Have a good time at the movies.
Have a good time in Boston.
Have a good time in Edinburgh.
Have a good time in Kabylie.
Have a good time on your date.
Have a good time when you're in Boston.
Have a good time!
Have a good time, Ziri.
Have a good time, children, while I'm away; go for a walk or stay in front of the house, whatever you like.
Have a good time.
Have a good trip and call me.
Have a good trip home!
Have a good trip!
Have a good trip! Call me from Paris!
Have a good trip! See you next fall!
Have a good trip.
Have a good vacation.
Have a good wash before meals.
Have a good week!
Have a good week, darling.
Have a good week, everybody.
Have a good weekend!
Have a good weekend, everyone.
Have a good weekend.
Have a great class!
Have a great day.
Have a great evening!
Have a great night!
Have a great night.
Have a great school day.
Have a great time.
Have a great trip! And don’t forget that I love you!
Have a great week, everyone.
Have a great week, my friends!
Have a great weekend!
Have a great weekend, everybody.
Have a great weekend, folks.
Have a great weekend.
Have a happy Halloween.
Have a happy Turkey day.
Have a happy holiday season and a happy New Year!
Have a happy holiday season and a very happy New Year!
Have a happy marriage.
Have a heart.
Have a kip on the settee.
Have a kip on the sofa.
Have a laugh!
Have a lie in the sun.
Have a listen and let me know your thoughts.
Have a little dignity.
Have a little faith.
Have a little kip on the settee.
Have a little more coffee and then get on the road.
Have a little more patience.
Have a little of this cake.
Have a little patience with what you're doing.
Have a little patience with what you’re doing.
Have a little patience.
Have a little respect.
Have a look around you.
Have a look around.
Have a look at it in your own time.
Have a look at it this, please.
Have a look at it.
Have a look at our new living room.
Have a look at that picture.
Have a look at the angle of the cut.
Have a look at the books I bought.
Have a look at the girls.
Have a look at the world map.
Have a look at these.
Have a look at this Berber sentence.
Have a look at this map.
Have a look at this.
Have a look at this. What do you think?
Have a look at your watch.
Have a look in the bag.
Have a look in the larder to see if we've got any jam.
Have a look inside.
Have a look outside.
Have a look to see if that's right.
Have a look to see whether that's right.
Have a look!
Have a look, please.
Have a look.
Have a lovely Christmas!
Have a lovely day!
Have a lovely summer holiday.
Have a muffin.
Have a nap now, it is hot.
Have a nice Halloween.
Have a nice Thanksgiving!
Have a nice Thanksgiving.
Have a nice after-work evening!
Have a nice day!
Have a nice day, Tom.
Have a nice day, my dear.
Have a nice day.
Have a nice evening with your Parisian friends!
Have a nice evening!
Have a nice evening.
Have a nice flight.
Have a nice holiday!
Have a nice holiday.
Have a nice life!
Have a nice life, Ziri.
Have a nice life.
Have a nice lunch.
Have a nice meal!
Have a nice night.
Have a nice rest.
Have a nice sleep!
Have a nice sleep.
Have a nice summer vacation!
Have a nice summer vacation.
Have a nice swim.
Have a nice time.
Have a nice trip!
Have a nice trip! Call me from Paris!
Have a nice trip.
Have a nice vacation.
Have a nice week!
Have a nice weekend!
Have a nice weekend.
Have a piece of pie.
Have a pleasant journey.
Have a pleasant stay while you're in our town.
Have a pleasant trip.
Have a pleasant weekend!
Have a positive attitude about life.
Have a potion. This should be enough for a few days.
Have a proper funeral for the body so that the soul can reach to heaven.
Have a quick bath.
Have a quick look inside.
Have a quick look to see if he is there.
Have a quick look to see if someone went inside home.
Have a rest.
Have a roll.
Have a safe Halloween.
Have a safe and happy Halloween.
Have a safe flight.
Have a safe journey home.
Have a safe journey!
Have a safe journey.
Have a safe trip home.
Have a safe trip to China!
Have a safe trip!
Have a safe trip.
Have a satsuma for dessert.
Have a seat and I'll open a bottle of wine.
Have a seat at the table.
Have a seat please.
Have a seat, Tom.
Have a seat, Yanni.
Have a seat, please!
Have a seat, please.
Have a seat, won't you?
Have a seat.
Have a seat. I'll be with you in a minute.
Have a sit.
Have a snack.
Have a taste.
Have a think about that.
Have a think about your future.
Have a wild guess.
Have a wonderful Christmas.
Have a wonderful celebration!
Have a wonderful day.
Have a wonderful eating experience.
Have a wonderful evening.
Have all Berber languages been influenced by Punic?
Have all her friends left her?
Have all of you already eaten?
Have all the bills been paid?
Have all the passengers boarded?
Have all the passengers got on board yet?
Have all these eggs been boiled?
Have an early night.
Have an easy fast.
Have an elixir. This should be enough for a few days.
Have an excellent weekend.
Have an exit plan.
Have an exit strategy.
Have an open mind.
Have an opinion.
Have an orange juice.
Have another beer.
Have another biscuit.
Have another cookie.
Have another cup of coffee.
Have another cup.
Have another drink on me.
Have another drink!
Have another drink.
Have another glass of beer, please.
Have another muffin.
Have another piece of pie.
Have another piece of pizza if you want.
Have another roll.
Have another slice of pizza if you want.
Have another think about it.
Have another.
Have any letters arrived for me?
Have any new problems cropped up?
Have any of the books you've written been published?
Have any of these people ever done anything for me?
Have any of you been to Australia?
Have any of you been to Boston?
Have any of you been to Hawaii?
Have any of you ever done that?
Have any of you ever eaten at Chuck's Diner?
Have any of you ever eaten horse meat?
Have any of you ever flown in a helicopter?
Have any of you ever met Tom?
Have any of you ever met her?
Have any of you ever met him?
Have any of you ever met them?
Have any of you ever seen something like this before?
Have any of you ever talked to Tom?
Have any of you got a pair of headphones with you?
Have any of you guys been to Tom's house?
Have any of you guys seen Tom?
Have any of you guys seen my car keys?
Have any of you happened to see my odd-eyed cat?
Have any of you looked out the window?
Have any of you not yet eaten lunch?
Have any of you read that book?
Have any of you seen Tom today?
Have any of you seen Tom?
Have any of you seen her?
Have any of you seen him?
Have any of you seen that boy?
Have any of you seen them?
Have any of your friends ever been arrested?
Have any of your friends ever been to Australia?
Have as many biscuits as you like.
Have as much fun as possible.
Have as much fun as you can!
Have as much fun as you can.
Have at it!
Have at it.
Have at thee!
Have at thee, coward!
Have at you!
Have barley, it's pleasant to taste and favorable for health.
Have both Tom and Mary already eaten?
Have both Tom and Mary done that already?
Have both Tom and Mary done that?
Have both Tom and Mary eaten already?
Have both Tom and Mary forgotten to do that?
Have both of you already eaten lunch?
Have both of you already eaten?
Have both of you already had lunch?
Have both of you studied French?
Have bread and oil, they are beneficial for health.
Have breakfast.
Have brunch.
Have compassion for Tom.
Have computers done more good than harm?
Have confidence in her!
Have confidence in yourself.
Have confidence. You can do it.
Have courage and fight.
Have courage!
Have courage.
Have dinner with me tomorrow.
Have dinner with me.
Have dinner with us tomorrow.
Have dinner with us.
Have each of your wives bake a loaf of bread by tomorrow morning.
Have each of your wives weave a rug by tomorrow.
Have either of you been to Boston?
Have either of you run into any problems?
Have either of you seen Tom?
Have either of you seen that boy?
Have emails replaced letters in today's world?
Have enough confidence in yourself to create your dream life.
Have ever been to our village?
Have everything ready.
Have faith in God.
Have faith in Tom.
Have faith in her.
Have faith in him.
Have faith in the future and always seek the honorable outcome; with your roots, germinate the seeds.
Have faith in them.
Have faith in us.
Have faith in yourself.
Have faith that everything will end up in the best possible way.
Have faith.
Have figs and oil, they are perfect for health.
Have forty winks on the settee.
Have fun and come back soon.
Have fun at the ball!
Have fun at the concert.
Have fun at the game.
Have fun being misunderstood then.
Have fun in Australia.
Have fun in Boston.
Have fun in Edinburgh.
Have fun in Europe.
Have fun in Italy!
Have fun on your trip!
Have fun studying tonight.
Have fun studying.
Have fun this summer!
Have fun while you can.
Have fun with Tom.
Have fun with that.
Have fun with your new boyfriend, I guess.
Have fun with your new friends.
Have fun!
Have fun! See you in an hour.
Have fun, but don't get lost.
Have fun, but don’t get lost.
Have fun, kids!
Have fun, you guys.
Have fun.
Have fun? What do you mean? I don't understand.
Have good day. I need to talk to Tom.
Have great sex.
Have healthy communication with your spouse.
Have her call me.
Have her come see me.
Have her do it.
Have her join us.
Have her meet us here at 2:30.
Have him call me.
Have him come early tomorrow morning.
Have him come see me.
Have him come.
Have him do it.
Have him join us.
Have him meet us here at 2:30.
Have him wait a moment.
Have humans become slaves to digitalization?
Have humans failed you somehow? Is that why you are so miserable?
Have it on my desk by tomorrow.
Have it your own way, Tom.
Have it your own way.
Have it your way then.
Have it your way.
Have lots of layers, including a good packable rain jacket to stow away in your pack in case of sudden showers.
Have love for your classmates! Have love for your parents! Have love for your country!
Have lunch with me.
Have lunch.
Have mercy on me and spare my life, please!
Have mercy on me!
Have mercy on me.
Have mercy on this poor woman!
Have mercy on us, we beg you.
Have mercy on us.
Have mercy!
Have mercy, my God, for the sake of my tears!
Have mercy.
Have more confidence in yourself.
Have more consideration towards your elders.
Have more month left over at the end of the money.
Have more respect for your elders.
Have moustaches suddenly become trendy?
Have my eyes also started to fail?
Have my kids been annoying you?
Have my piece of cake if you like.
Have my seat, Yanni.
Have my ties been ironed yet?
Have nice dreams!
Have no doubt.
Have no fear!
Have no fear.
Have nothing to do with the fruitless deeds of darkness, but rather expose them.
Have our guests from England arrived yet?
Have patience for another day or two.
Have patience with a friend rather than lose him forever.
Have patience with me.
Have patience.
Have patience. You'll find out very soon.
Have patience. You'll soon find what you're looking for.
Have peace in your mind.
Have people spotted them all?
Have pity on me!
Have pity on me.
Have pity on us!
Have pity on us.
Have public opinion in mind.
Have respect for all living beings.
Have respect for his feelings.
Have respect!
Have some birthday cake.
Have some bread.
Have some cake.
Have some chocolate.
Have some coffee, Jamal.
Have some coffee, Tom.
Have some coffee.
Have some coffee. I think it's really nice.
Have some coffee?
Have some common sense.
Have some compassion, Tom.
Have some eggnog.
Have some enthusiasm for your job.
Have some frozen lobster at any rate.
Have some fun.
Have some ham.
Have some hormones.
Have some lobster at any rate.
Have some more crisps.
Have some more faith in me and in the future!
Have some more.
Have some patience.
Have some pie, please.
Have some pity on me.
Have some pizza.
Have some respect for other people's opinions.
Have some respect.
Have some rest if you are tired.
Have some shame!
Have some shame, Yuri!
Have some soup.
Have some tea with me!
Have some tea, won't you?
Have some tea, won’t you?
Have some tea.
Have some vodka straight. It's a lot less calories.
Have some.
Have somebody check that out.
Have someone read it to you.
Have something sent from over there.
Have something to drink.
Have something to eat just in case.
Have something to eat.
Have students read such books as will make them think more.
Have sweet dreams.
Have tea ready when I come back.
Have tea ready when I get back.
Have the aliens abducted everyone?
Have the builders said when they expect to complete the work?
Have the children eaten yet?
Have the children fallen asleep?
Have the children fixed food for you?
Have the courage to defend your ideas!
Have the courage to look me straight in the eye.
Have the courage to save our Earth.
Have the courage to save our earth.
Have the courage to tell me what you think of me to my face.
Have the courage to use your own reason.
Have the courage to use your own understanding.
Have the decency to keep quiet.
Have the defendants been indicted yet?
Have the devil's own luck.
Have the devil’s own luck.
Have the escaped prisoners been captured?
Have the girls finished eating yet?
Have the girls finished eating?
Have the girls finished their meal?
Have the guests eaten?
Have the halter ready to place on the horse as you approach.
Have the heather plants finished flowering?
Have the lilies been watered?
Have the neighbors complained?
Have the nurses call me at this number if you can get her in an ambulance.
Have the pixies done the washing up yet?
Have the police been called?
Have the police been notified?
Have the police ever searched your house or property?
Have the police questioned you yet?
Have the police ruled out suicide?
Have the prisoners been released?
Have the results been announced yet?
Have the results been announced?
Have the revelations changed anything?
Have the rosebuds already opened?
Have the rules changed?
Have the tourists all boarded?
Have the tourists all gone on board?
Have the two of you met before?
Have them call me.
Have them come in right now.
Have them come see me.
Have them do it.
Have them join us.
Have them meet us here at 2:30.
Have them send you an application form over the Internet.
Have there been a lot of sick people lately?
Have there been any calls for me?
Have there been any changes?
Have there been any complaints?
Have there been any phone calls for me?
Have there been any problems?
Have there been any signs of the missing children?
Have there been any updates on this issue?
Have there been consequences?
Have there been many outbreaks of the measles?
Have there been problems?
Have there been several successive souls in me, or am I one unconscious being?
Have these as well.
Have these batteries been recharged?
Have these cakes.
Have these calculations have been checked?
Have these grapes got pips in them?
Have they agreed to the terms?
Have they already achieved what they wanted last year?
Have they announced the court's decision yet?
Have they approved all the requests?
Have they arrived yet?
Have they been to Spain?
Have they bought juice?
Have they called the meeting yet?
Have they caught the assassin yet?
Have they cleared the road yet?
Have they closed the gates already?
Have they connected the radio antenna?
Have they discussed about the new norms?
Have they done it?
Have they done that?
Have they dried yet?
Have they escaped?
Have they ever come on time?
Have they ever told you that you dress terribly?
Have they finalized the trade?
Have they finished reading the novel?
Have they finished?
Have they forgiven us?
Have they found Tom yet?
Have they found anything yet?
Have they found her yet?
Have they found him yet?
Have they found out what happened to that airplane?
Have they found the murderer?
Have they given you a nickname yet?
Have they gone mad?
Have they gone?
Have they got one that's cheaper?
Have they got to stay at home today?
Have they kissed her?
Have they lost their minds?
Have they made progress?
Have they reached an agreement?
Have they reached out to you yet?
Have they received any reports of lives lost in the earthquake?
Have they reported it to the police yet?
Have they responded?
Have they sacked you?
Have they said anything to you?
Have they said anything?
Have they seen her?
Have they seen him?
Have they seen it?
Have they seen them?
Have they seen us?
Have they signed the treaty?
Have they spotted you?
Have they summarized the previous episode?
Have they talked about it?
Have they told her?
Have they told him?
Have they told you anything yet?
Have they told you how late the train will be?
Have they visited Argentina?
Have they visited Spain?
Have they written to you?
Have they written you a letter?
Have things been difficult for you?
Have things changed since then?
Have things improved since last time?
Have things improved?
Have this juicy nectarine instead!
Have time for me as well.
Have to go back now.
Have we accomplished anything?
Have we already drunk all the wine I brought?
Have we already drunk all the wine that I brought?
Have we already found a buyer?
Have we already landed?
Have we already overcome the debt crisis?
Have we already taken off?
Have we been to Paris?
Have we changed the schedule?
Have we considered everything?
Have we done enough?
Have we done something wrong?
Have we ever done this before?
Have we ever met before?
Have we forgotten anything?
Have we found a buyer yet?
Have we found life on Mars?
Have we gone too far?
Have we got a map?
Have we got any French homework to hand in tomorrow?
Have we got any French homework we need to hand in tomorrow?
Have we got any mustard?
Have we got any vinegar left?
Have we got enough milk?
Have we got enough money for two tickets?
Have we got lessons this Friday?
Have we got to catch the bus?
Have we got to do that today?
Have we got to get the bus?
Have we got to stay at home today?
Have we heard from Tom yet?
Have we landed yet?
Have we landed?
Have we learned anything?
Have we left out anything, Tom?
Have we made any progress?
Have we made progress?
Have we met before?
Have we met earlier?
Have we met somewhere before?
Have we met, by any chance?
Have we met?
Have we not shown due respect to our grandmother?
Have we planned for evacuation?
Have we raised enough money?
Have we reached the border yet?
Have we reached the limit?
Have we reached the nadir yet?
Have we really got to endure another three hours before we can knock off?
Have we seen each other before?
Have we seen the last of Tom?
Have we seen the last of the wintriness for now, or will there be more snow in the coming week?
Have we started daylight savings time yet?
Have we sunk that low?
Have we taken off yet?
Have we thought of everything?
Have we understood each other?
Have y'all gotten my e-mail?
Have you a carriage here?
Have you a dictionary today?
Have you a dog?
Have you a receipt?
Have you a room to let in this house?
Have you abandoned me, too?
Have you accomplished anything?
Have you achieved everything you wanted to achieve?
Have you achieved your goals?
Have you acquainted your parents with your plans?
Have you actually been to Boston?
Have you actually ever tried Thai food?
Have you actually ever tried it?
Have you actually learned anything?
Have you actually read the article?
Have you actually read this?
Have you actually seen Tom's diploma?
Have you actually talked to Tom about this?
Have you added any salt?
Have you added sugar?
Have you adjusted your belt properly?
Have you all already eaten?
Have you all been good?
Have you all been talking about me again?
Have you all been well?
Have you all decided where to go?
Have you all eaten already?
Have you all eaten?
Have you all forgotten already?
Have you all forgotten the rules?
Have you all gone bonkers?
Have you all gone completely insane?
Have you all gone insane?
Have you all gone mad?
Have you all gone nuts?
Have you all had breakfast?
Have you all lost your minds?
Have you all met him recently?
Have you all thought this through?
Have you allowed for any error in your calculation?
Have you almost finished here?
Have you already applied for a library card?
Have you already applied for citizenship?
Have you already applied for unemployment benefits?
Have you already arrived?
Have you already asked Tom what he thinks?
Have you already asked Tom?
Have you already become a grumpy old man?
Have you already been in contact with her?
Have you already been in touch with her?
Have you already been there?
Have you already been to Australia?
Have you already been to Boston?
Have you already been to Hokkaido?
Have you already been to Kyoto?
Have you already been to Nara?
Have you already been to Paris?
Have you already been to the Korean Peninsula?
Have you already been treated for syphilis?
Have you already been vaccinated against the flu?
Have you already been vaccinated?
Have you already been warned that utility rates will rise?
Have you already booked our seats on a plane?
Have you already bought a ticket?
Have you already bought a tree?
Have you already bought something to eat?
Have you already bought the ticket?
Have you already bought the tickets?
Have you already bought your ticket?
Have you already brought the cartons up to the attic?
Have you already brushed your teeth?
Have you already called Tom?
Have you already called an ambulance?
Have you already carried the boxes up to the attic?
Have you already changed your footwear?
Have you already changed your mind?
Have you already checked the tires?
Have you already checked the tyres?
Have you already checked to see if there's something in the letter box?
Have you already checked whether there's something in the letter box?
Have you already chosen a major?
Have you already chosen a name for your baby?
Have you already chosen something?
Have you already chosen the songs that you're going to sing tonight?
Have you already chosen the songs you're going to play tonight?
Have you already chosen?
Have you already cleaned your room?
Have you already come back?
Have you already come up with a name for her?
Have you already completed this task?
Have you already decided how you're going to take care of this problem?
Have you already decided on a name for your baby?
Have you already decided on your thesis topic?
Have you already decided what the topic of your thesis will be?
Have you already decided what time you're going to leave?
Have you already decided what to do next Monday?
Have you already decided what to do next Sunday?
Have you already decided what to do?
Have you already decided what you're going to do?
Have you already decided what you're going to give her?
Have you already decided what you're going to order?
Have you already decided what your dissertation is going to be on?
Have you already decided what your thesis is going to be on?
Have you already decided where to go next summer?
Have you already decided where to go?
Have you already decided where you'll be spending Christmas?
Have you already decided where you're going to go to college?
Have you already decided where you're going to go?
Have you already decided whether you want to go or not?
Have you already decided who you're going to hire?
Have you already discussed this with Tom?
Have you already done everything I've asked you to do?
Have you already done that?
Have you already done what I asked you to do?
Have you already done what I asked you to?
Have you already done what we requested?
Have you already done your homework?
Have you already dressed?
Have you already driven a right-hand-drive car?
Have you already eaten at home?
Have you already eaten breakfast?
Have you already eaten dinner?
Have you already eaten it?
Have you already eaten lunch?
Have you already eaten rice?
Have you already eaten some cake?
Have you already eaten something?
Have you already eaten supper?
Have you already eaten today?
Have you already eaten?
Have you already explained everything to Tom?
Have you already fallen in love?
Have you already fed the chickens?
Have you already fed the dog?
Have you already fed the fish?
Have you already fed the horses?
Have you already filled in the form?
Have you already filled the form in?
Have you already finished doing that?
Have you already finished eating your sandwich?
Have you already finished that book?
Have you already finished university?
Have you already finished your Christmas shopping?
Have you already finished your composition for language class?
Have you already finished your homework?
Have you already finished your studies?
Have you already finished?
Have you already forgotten about the scene a few days ago?
Have you already forgotten everything?
Have you already forgotten me?
Have you already forgotten that you were a child once?
Have you already forgotten what happened?
Have you already forgotten what you just said?
Have you already forgotten your promise?
Have you already found a better job?
Have you already found your watch?
Have you already given up?
Have you already gone to sleep?
Have you already gone to the Oktoberfest in Munich?
Have you already gone to the polls today?
Have you already got a beard?
Have you already got plans for New Year's Eve?
Have you already got plans for your holiday?
Have you already had a lucid dream?
Have you already had breakfast?
Have you already had dinner?
Have you already had lunch?
Have you already had something to eat?
Have you already had your booster jab?
Have you already had your tea?
Have you already handed in your resignation?
Have you already heard about it?
Have you already heard that he has finally returned home?
Have you already heard that your firm has won the tender?
Have you already heard this story?
Have you already made a choice?
Have you already made a decision?
Have you already made a reservation?
Have you already made friends with her?
Have you already made out the cheque?
Have you already made your choice?
Have you already made your decision?
Have you already met Mr Smith?
Have you already met Tom?
Have you already met each other?
Have you already met her?
Have you already met him?
Have you already met the new French teacher?
Have you already met?
Have you already mopped the kitchen floor?
Have you already opened?
Have you already ordered the pizza?
Have you already ordered?
Have you already packed the suitcase?
Have you already packed your bags?
Have you already packed your suitcase?
Have you already packed your suitcases?
Have you already paid Tom?
Have you already paid all these bills?
Have you already paid for everything?
Have you already paid for it?
Have you already paid for the tickets?
Have you already paid the bill?
Have you already paid?
Have you already peeled the vegetables?
Have you already purchased a tree?
Have you already purchased the tickets for the theater?
Have you already read the book "Judgment Day Began Long Ago"?
Have you already read the newspaper today?
Have you already read the newspaper?
Have you already read the novel "A Passionate Love"?
Have you already read this book?
Have you already read this?
Have you already received a COVID-19 vaccine?
Have you already received my package?
Have you already received the November issue of My Garden journal?
Have you already rung the doorbell?
Have you already said goodbye to Tom?
Have you already said hi to Tom?
Have you already seen Tom?
Have you already seen as nice a movie as this one?
Have you already seen the film?
Have you already seen the latest episode of that series?
Have you already seen this film?
Have you already sent Tom a Christmas card?
Have you already sent out invitations?
Have you already sent out the invitations?
Have you already sent the book?
Have you already sent your novel to the publisher?
Have you already set the table?
Have you already settled the bill?
Have you already sharpened all the knives?
Have you already sharpened the knives?
Have you already shaved?
Have you already shown this to Tom?
Have you already signed the contract?
Have you already sorted everything out?
Have you already spent all the money I gave you?
Have you already spent all the money that I gave you?
Have you already spent the money Tom gave you?
Have you already squeezed all the lemons?
Have you already started learning English?
Have you already started learning French?
Have you already started studying French?
Have you already started to decorate?
Have you already started your new job?
Have you already swam naked once before?
Have you already taken out the garbage?
Have you already taken out the rubbish?
Have you already taken the garbage out?
Have you already taken the rubbish out?
Have you already talked to Tom about this?
Have you already talked to him?
Have you already talked to somebody about this?
Have you already talked to someone about this?
Have you already talked with Tom?
Have you already thought about donating your organs after you die?
Have you already told Tom about what happened to Mary?
Have you already told Tom how to do that?
Have you already told Tom to do that?
Have you already told Tom?
Have you already told all your friends?
Have you already tried asking Tom to do that for you?
Have you already tried everything?
Have you already tried it?
Have you already tried not thinking of anything?
Have you already tried to ask him to do that?
Have you already voted?
Have you already washed the dishes?
Have you already watered the flowers in the garden?
Have you already written a letter to Father Gel?
Have you already written a letter to Tom?
Have you already written in your diary today?
Have you already written the cheque?
Have you also got a few clean cups?
Have you always been Muslim?
Have you always been a comedian?
Have you always been a good student?
Have you always been like this?
Have you always been so selfish?
Have you always been such a jerk?
Have you always been such an asshole?
Have you always been this irresponsible?
Have you always been this selfish?
Have you always been this talkative?
Have you always felt like this?
Have you always given up so easily?
Have you always had a good job?
Have you always had that hairstyle?
Have you always liked baseball?
Have you always lived here?
Have you always lived in Boston?
Have you always lived with your parents?
Have you always wanted to be a police officer?
Have you and I met before?
Have you and Tom become friends?
Have you and Tom been fighting again?
Have you and Tom been fighting?
Have you and Tom ever been on a date?
Have you and Tom ever dated?
Have you and Tom ever gone ice skating together?
Have you and Tom ever had a fight?
Have you and Tom ever kissed each other?
Have you and Tom ever kissed?
Have you and Tom ever worked together?
Have you and Tom known each other long?
Have you and Tom met?
Have you and Tom quarreled recently?
Have you and Tom talked about what happened?
Have you and her had a sexual relationship?
Have you answered that letter yet?
Have you answered them?
Have you any allergies?
Have you any fever?
Have you any further questions?
Have you any idea about it?
Have you any idea what you've done?
Have you any idea who he is?
Have you any idea?
Have you any objection to my closing your shutters?
Have you any proof?
Have you any references from your other employers?
Have you anything to declare?
Have you anything to do this afternoon?
Have you anything to eat?
Have you apologized to Tom?
Have you applied for a job?
Have you applied for a passport yet?
Have you arranged everything for Tom?
Have you arranged everything?
Have you arranged for the room to be cleaned?
Have you arranged things for our departure?
Have you arrested anyone?
Have you arrived at a decision yet?
Have you arrived at the ground?
Have you arrived at the sports ground?
Have you arrived in town?
Have you arrived yet?
Have you asked Mary if she'll be there?
Have you asked Mary out yet?
Have you asked Mary why she did that?
Have you asked Mary why she didn't do that?
Have you asked Mum what she wants for her birthday?
Have you asked Tom about it?
Have you asked Tom about that?
Have you asked Tom and Mary if they want to do that?
Have you asked Tom and Mary if they'll be there?
Have you asked Tom and Mary why they did that?
Have you asked Tom and Mary why they didn't do that?
Have you asked Tom for help?
Have you asked Tom for his opinion?
Have you asked Tom how he feels?
Have you asked Tom if he'll be there?
Have you asked Tom to help us?
Have you asked Tom what happened?
Have you asked Tom what he thinks?
Have you asked Tom why he did it?
Have you asked Tom why he did that?
Have you asked Tom why he didn't do that?
Have you asked Tom why he didn't win?
Have you asked Tom yet?
Have you asked Tom?
Have you asked an expert?
Have you asked anybody else?
Have you asked anybody to feed your dog while you're in Boston?
Have you asked anyone else?
Have you asked anyone to feed your dog while you're in Boston?
Have you asked around?
Have you asked for forgiveness?
Have you asked for help?
Have you asked for more money?
Have you asked her for help?
Have you asked him for help?
Have you asked him?
Have you asked if they want one?
Have you asked the others?
Have you asked the teacher for clarification on the homework?
Have you asked them for help?
Have you asked them?
Have you asked why?
Have you asked yourself that question?
Have you at least done your homework?
Have you at least finished your homework?
Have you attained your goal?
Have you auditioned before?
Have you auditioned yet?
Have you backed up your computer recently?
Have you backed up your data?
Have you backed up your laptop recently?
Have you become an angel?
Have you become friends?
Have you become insane?
Have you been OK?
Have you been a bad boy?
Have you been a doctor for long?
Have you been a good boy?
Have you been a good girl?
Have you been able to confirm all of this?
Have you been able to contact Tom?
Have you been able to find what you're looking for?
Have you been able to get in touch with the extraterrestrials yet?
Have you been able to reach Tom?
Have you been able to rescue anything?
Have you been abroad?
Have you been adopting sentences in order to correct them?
Have you been affected by the crash?
Have you been alone very long?
Have you been anywhere besides Spain?
Have you been anywhere today?
Have you been anywhere?
Have you been arguing?
Have you been arrested before?
Have you been arrested?
Have you been asleep?
Have you been avoiding me?
Have you been awake a long time?
Have you been awake a while?
Have you been awake all night?
Have you been awake for a while?
Have you been awake for long?
Have you been awake long?
Have you been away for long?
Have you been away?
Have you been back to Australia recently?
Have you been back to Australia since you graduated from college?
Have you been back to Australia since you graduated?
Have you been back to Australia?
Have you been back to Boston recently?
Have you been back to Boston since you graduated from college?
Have you been back to Boston since you graduated?
Have you been back to Boston?
Have you been beaten?
Have you been bitten by a dog, a cat, a snake, a fox, a badger or any other animal?
Have you been bitten by a stray dog?
Have you been bitten by an insect?
Have you been briefed?
Have you been burning plastic?
Have you been busy all day?
Have you been busy lately?
Have you been busy recently?
Have you been busy since yesterday?
Have you been calling Tom?
Have you been calling me?
Have you been camping before?
Have you been charged?
Have you been contacted?
Have you been cooperating?
Have you been coughing a lot?
Have you been crying again?
Have you been crying all night? Your eyes are all puffy.
Have you been crying?
Have you been dating anybody?
Have you been dating anyone else?
Have you been dating anyone?
Have you been diagnosed with a heart murmur?
Have you been diagnosed with emphysema?
Have you been disloyal?
Have you been doing any gardening?
Have you been doing that every day for a year?
Have you been doing this for a long time?
Have you been doing yoga for long?
Have you been doing yoga?
Have you been down to the Cowboy's stadium yet?
Have you been downtown lately?
Have you been downtown recently?
Have you been downtown this week?
Have you been drinking a lot lately?
Have you been drinking enough water?
Have you been drinking my rum?
Have you been drinking this evening?
Have you been drinking today?
Have you been drinking wine?
Have you been drinking with Tom?
Have you been drinking?
Have you been drinking? You smell like wine.
Have you been driving long?
Have you been dumped before?
Have you been eating chocolate?
Have you been eating enough?
Have you been eating fish?
Have you been eating onions?
Have you been eating out much lately?
Have you been eating properly?
Have you been eating well?
Have you been eating?
Have you been eavesdropping on us?
Have you been eavesdropping?
Have you been engaged long?
Have you been enjoying your stay in Australia?
Have you been enjoying your stay in Boston?
Have you been enjoying yourself?
Have you been exercising regularly?
Have you been exercising?
Have you been expecting something like that?
Have you been expecting something like this?
Have you been expecting this?
Have you been expelled?
Have you been feeling a bit of discomfort lately?
Have you been feeling all right?
Have you been feeling better?
Have you been feeling depressed?
Have you been feeling sick?
Have you been feeling stressed lately?
Have you been feeling stressed?
Have you been feeling tired?
Have you been fighting with the boy next door again?
Have you been fighting?
Have you been fired again?
Have you been fired already?
Have you been fired?
Have you been fishing?
Have you been following me?
Have you been following the news?
Have you been following us?
Have you been following what people have been saying about that?
Have you been following what's going on in Australia?
Have you been following what's going on in the stock market?
Have you been following what's happening in Australia?
Have you been fooled again?
Have you been friends long?
Have you been gaining weight?
Have you been gambling again?
Have you been gambling?
Have you been getting complaints?
Have you been getting enough exercise?
Have you been getting enough sleep?
Have you been getting my messages?
Have you been getting my texts?
Have you been given an EQ test?
Have you been good today?
Have you been hallucinating?
Have you been hanging out with Tom?
Have you been happy here in Australia?
Have you been happy here in Boston?
Have you been happy in Portugal?
Have you been happy?
Have you been having a headache?
Have you been having bad dreams?
Have you been having fun?
Have you been having hallucinations?
Have you been having nightmares lately?
Have you been having nightmares?
Have you been having panic attacks?
Have you been having problems with Tom?
Have you been having problems with your email?
Have you been having trouble hearing lately?
Have you been having trouble sleeping?
Have you been having trouble with your ISP's customer service like I have?
Have you been helped?
Have you been helping Tom?
Have you been here a while?
Have you been here all afternoon?
Have you been here all along?
Have you been here all day?
Have you been here all evening?
Have you been here all morning?
Have you been here all night?
Have you been here all weekend?
Have you been here before?
Have you been here before? Do you want to hear my pathetic obligatory marketing spiel?
Have you been here for a long time?
Have you been here long?
Have you been here many times?
Have you been here more than three times?
Have you been here since?
Have you been here the entire time?
Have you been here the whole time?
Have you been here very long?
Have you been holding out on me?
Have you been holding out on us?
Have you been home all day?
Have you been home lately?
Have you been home recently?
Have you been horseback riding?
Have you been hunting?
Have you been hurt?
Have you been in Australia for long?
Have you been in Australia long?
Have you been in Boston for a long time?
Have you been in Boston long?
Have you been in Japan since last month?
Have you been in Osaka for a long time?
Have you been in Osaka for long?
Have you been in Rio?
Have you been in a fight?
Have you been in contact with Mr White recently?
Have you been in contact with Mr. Leblanc lately?
Have you been in contact with Tom lately?
Have you been in contact with Tom recently?
Have you been in contact with Tom?
Have you been in contact with him recently?
Have you been in contact with one of your old school friends recently?
Have you been in here this whole time?
Have you been in jail before?
Have you been in love before?
Have you been in love?
Have you been in many fights?
Have you been in prison before?
Have you been in prison long?
Have you been in touch with Tom since he left?
Have you been in touch with Tom?
Have you been in town lately?
Have you been in town long?
Have you been in trouble before?
Have you been injured?
Have you been inside that shack?
Have you been inside yet?
Have you been inside?
Have you been into town lately?
Have you been invited to Tom's birthday party?
Have you been invited to the reception?
Have you been invited to their wedding?
Have you been invited?
Have you been job hunting?
Have you been jogging?
Have you been keeping out of trouble?
Have you been keeping something from me?
Have you been keeping up a normal diet since the last shot of insulin?
Have you been keeping up with the news today? Can you get me up to speed with what happened?
Have you been keeping yourself fit?
Have you been kept here because you didn't do your homework yesterday?
Have you been learning Latin at school?
Have you been learning Latin long?
Have you been letting me win?
Have you been listening long?
Have you been listening to me?
Have you been listening to the podcast?
Have you been listening to what I've been saying?
Have you been listening to what Tom is saying?
Have you been listening?
Have you been living here a long time?
Have you been living here for long?
Have you been living here long?
Have you been living in Australia long?
Have you been living in Boston long?
Have you been living under a rock with sound-proof walls?
Have you been living under a rock?
Have you been lonely?
Have you been looking for me?
Have you been looking for us?
Have you been lying to me?
Have you been lying to us?
Have you been married for a long time?
Have you been married long?
Have you been mean to Tom?
Have you been meditating?
Have you been misbehaving again?
Have you been miserable?
Have you been mistreated?
Have you been modeling long?
Have you been modelling long?
Have you been naughty or nice?
Have you been nice to Tom?
Have you been on Insta?
Have you been on TV?
Have you been on Tom's yacht?
Have you been on a diet?
Have you been on a solo trip before?
Have you been on an express train recently?
Have you been on any dates recently?
Have you been on holiday this year?
Have you been on television?
Have you been onboard a submarine?
Have you been online?
Have you been out all day?
Have you been out all night?
Have you been out at all?
Have you been out here all night?
Have you been out here long?
Have you been out of the country recently?
Have you been out today?
Have you been out yet?
Have you been out?
Have you been outside recently?
Have you been outside today?
Have you been paid yet?
Have you been paid?
Have you been paying attention?
Have you been paying your bills?
Have you been playing basketball all afternoon?
Have you been playing mahjong with anyone recently?
Have you been playing poker?
Have you been playing squash?
Have you been poor?
Have you been practicing a lot?
Have you been practicing at home?
Have you been practicing good hygiene habits?
Have you been practicing?
Have you been practising a lot?
Have you been practising?
Have you been praying?
Have you been promoted yet?
Have you been promoted?
Have you been punched?
Have you been quarreling?
Have you been reading spy novels again?
Have you been reinstated?
Have you been resting?
Have you been sacked?
Have you been sailing before?
Have you been saved?
Have you been searching for Tom?
Have you been seeing a doctor?
Have you been seeing a lot of Tom?
Have you been seeing a lot of him recently?
Have you been seeing a shrink?
Have you been seeing a therapist?
Have you been seeing things?
Have you been served?
Have you been severely injured?
Have you been shoplifting again?
Have you been shot?
Have you been sick recently?
Have you been sick?
Have you been sitting here long?
Have you been skiing this year?
Have you been sleeping all afternoon?
Have you been sleeping here?
Have you been sleeping well?
Have you been sleeping?
Have you been smoking again?
Have you been smoking in the pantry again?
Have you been smoking?
Have you been somewhere?
Have you been speaking Italian?
Have you been spying on me?
Have you been standing there the whole time?
Have you been staying out of trouble?
Have you been stealing again?
Have you been stealing food?
Have you been stealing from Tom?
Have you been stealing from me?
Have you been studying French for a long time?
Have you been studying French for a while?
Have you been studying French for long?
Have you been studying all night?
Have you been studying for more than three hours?
Have you been studying for two hours?
Have you been studying?
Have you been stung by an insect?
Have you been subpoenaed?
Have you been sued before?
Have you been summoned?
Have you been surfing?
Have you been suspended?
Have you been sweating a lot?
Have you been swimming today?
Have you been swimming?
Have you been taking my prescription drugs?
Have you been taking your medication?
Have you been taking your medications?
Have you been taking your medicine?
Have you been taking your meds?
Have you been taking your pills?
Have you been taking your temperature?
Have you been taking your vitamins?
Have you been talking about me again?
Have you been talking to Tom?
Have you been talking to her?
Have you been talking to him?
Have you been talking to them?
Have you been taught this in school?
Have you been teaching French long?
Have you been telling him your stories from the war again?
Have you been telling him your wartime stories again?
Have you been telling me the truth?
Have you been tested for the coronavirus?
Have you been there a number of times?
Have you been there before?
Have you been there lately?
Have you been there recently?
Have you been there several times?
Have you been there since?
Have you been there this summer?
Have you been there this year?
Have you been there too?
Have you been there yet?
Have you been there, too?
Have you been there?
Have you been thinking about me, Mary?
Have you been thinking about me, Tom?
Have you been thinking about me?
Have you been thinking of me?
Have you been thinking things over?
Have you been threatened before?
Have you been threatened by anyone?
Have you been threatened or coerced into pleading guilty?
Have you been threatened?
Have you been through this before?
Have you been to Australia before?
Have you been to Australia or New Zealand in the past three weeks?
Have you been to Australia recently?
Have you been to Australia, too?
Have you been to Australia?
Have you been to Birmingham?
Have you been to Boston already?
Have you been to Boston before?
Have you been to Boston lately?
Have you been to Boston often?
Have you been to Boston or Chicago in the past three weeks?
Have you been to Boston recently?
Have you been to Boston yet?
Have you been to Boston?
Have you been to Cairo?
Have you been to Crimea?
Have you been to England?
Have you been to Europe before?
Have you been to Europe?
Have you been to France before?
Have you been to France?
Have you been to Grandma's Table which is very popular now?
Have you been to Grandma’s Table which is very popular now?
Have you been to Hokkaido?
Have you been to Italy earlier?
Have you been to Kyoto?
Have you been to London before?
Have you been to London?
Have you been to Nashville?
Have you been to North Korea?
Have you been to Paris?
Have you been to Rome?
Have you been to Tom's home?
Have you been to Tom's house?
Have you been to Tom's new house?
Have you been to Tom's place?
Have you been to Venice?
Have you been to an obstetrician?
Have you been to an optician?
Have you been to any of the places on the list?
Have you been to any of the places on this list?
Have you been to both Boston and Chicago?
Have you been to college?
Have you been to eat at the set-menu restaurant Tom works at?
Have you been to one of the famous gardens?
Have you been to see a counsellor?
Have you been to see a doctor?
Have you been to see an optician?
Have you been to see my father?
Have you been to talk to Tom already?
Have you been to talk to Tom yet?
Have you been to talk to Tom?
Have you been to that new Vietnamese restaurant?
Have you been to that new restaurant down the road?
Have you been to the Australian embassy website?
Have you been to the Canadian embassy website?
Have you been to the United States?
Have you been to the barber?
Have you been to the beach this summer?
Have you been to the beach?
Have you been to the canteen yet?
Have you been to the canteen?
Have you been to the dentist recently?
Have you been to the gym?
Have you been to the heart of Europe?
Have you been to the police?
Have you been to the top?
Have you been to this beach before?
Have you been to this nightclub too?
Have you been to this pub before?
Have you been to university?
Have you been together for a while?
Have you been together for long?
Have you been told about the problem?
Have you been told that lately?
Have you been told the reasons why we didn't hire you?
Have you been told the reasons why we didn’t hire you?
Have you been told what to expect?
Have you been told when to come?
Have you been told when you are expected to be here?
Have you been told where the meeting is taking place?
Have you been told where the meeting will be?
Have you been told where to park your car?
Have you been told why we didn't hire you?
Have you been told why we didn’t hire you?
Have you been told why?
Have you been totally honest with me?
Have you been treated all right?
Have you been treated by a doctor?
Have you been treated for syphilis before?
Have you been treated well?
Have you been truthful with me?
Have you been trying to lose weight?
Have you been unwell?
Have you been up a long time?
Have you been up all night?
Have you been up north lately?
Have you been up to something?
Have you been using my shampoo?
Have you been vaccinated already?
Have you been vaccinated?
Have you been vomiting recently?
Have you been waited on?
Have you been waiting a long time for me?
Have you been waiting a long time?
Have you been waiting for a long time?
Have you been waiting for long?
Have you been waiting for me for long?
Have you been waiting for me long?
Have you been waiting for me?
Have you been waiting here long?
Have you been waiting long?
Have you been waiting too long?
Have you been watching any TV shows or movies recently?
Have you been watching me?
Have you been watching?
Have you been wearing contact lenses long?
Have you been well?
Have you been with Tom all day?
Have you been with Tom all night?
Have you been working all day?
Have you been working as a doctor for long?
Have you been working for long?
Have you been working here for long?
Have you been working here long?
Have you been working late again?
Have you been working long as a doctor?
Have you been working long?
Have you been working out lately?
Have you been working out?
Have you been working there for long?
Have you been working there long?
Have you been wrapping everything?
Have you been writing?
Have you begun studying English?
Have you begun studying French?
Have you begun yet?
Have you begun?
Have you betrayed me?
Have you betrayed us?
Have you booked a hotel room?
Have you booked a table?
Have you booked yourself a holiday?
Have you borrowed that?
Have you both been drinking?
Have you both had lunch?
Have you both lost your minds?
Have you bought Christmas presents yet?
Have you bought a Christmas tree yet?
Have you bought a brand new car?
Have you bought a brand-new car?
Have you bought a cantaloupe?
Have you bought a car yet?
Have you bought a gift?
Have you bought a hammer or not yet?
Have you bought a house yet?
Have you bought a lantern?
Have you bought a new bike?
Have you bought a raffle ticket yet?
Have you bought a ticket yet?
Have you bought a ticket?
Have you bought a watermelon?
Have you bought all your Christmas gifts?
Have you bought all your presents?
Have you bought any new clothes lately?
Have you bought everything you wanted?
Have you bought everything?
Have you bought new shoes recently?
Have you bought something from the market?
Have you bought something to eat already?
Have you bought something?
Have you bought the book?
Have you bought the house?
Have you bought the lantern?
Have you bought the rye bread as I asked you?
Have you bought the tickets?
Have you bought the tires?
Have you bought your Christmas gifts yet?
Have you bought your plane ticket?
Have you bought your ticket already?
Have you bought your ticket yet?
Have you bought your ticket?
Have you bought your tickets yet?
Have you bought yourself a new cellphone?
Have you breakfasted?
Have you broken any rules?
Have you broken the news to him?
Have you broken the pencil?
Have you broken the salad bowl?
Have you broken up with Tom?
Have you brought a camera?
Have you brought a hairdryer?
Have you brought a jumper?
Have you brought a present?
Have you brought any books?
Have you brought anything with you?
Have you brought anything?
Have you brought books?
Have you brought help?
Have you brought me something to read?
Have you brought me what you said you would?
Have you brought presents?
Have you brought sandwiches?
Have you brought some milk?
Have you brought some tea?
Have you brought something to eat?
Have you brought something with you?
Have you brought something?
Have you brought the book?
Have you brought the hairdryer?
Have you brought the milk?
Have you brought the money?
Have you brought the sandwiches for the trip?
Have you brought the tea?
Have you brought your ID card with you?
Have you brought your application papers?
Have you brought your camera?
Have you brought your flask?
Have you brought your jumper?
Have you brought your stuff?
Have you brought your swimming costume?
Have you brought your things?
Have you browsed house listings online?
Have you brushed your teeth or not?
Have you brushed your teeth?
Have you bumped your head?
Have you by any chance lost your phone?
Have you by any chance seen a brown purse round here?
Have you calibrated your monitor?
Have you called Lucy or not yet?
Have you called Lucy yet?
Have you called Tom to apologize?
Have you called Tom yet?
Have you called Tom?
Have you called a doctor?
Have you called a plumber?
Have you called a repairman?
Have you called an ambulance yet?
Have you called everyone?
Have you called for help?
Have you called her yet?
Have you called her?
Have you called him yet?
Have you called him?
Have you called home?
Have you called in the bomb squad?
Have you called me?
Have you called the boss already?
Have you called the others?
Have you called the plumber?
Have you called the police?
Have you called them yet?
Have you called them?
Have you called your brother yet? You promised me you would.
Have you called your folks?
Have you called your parents?
Have you calmed down?
Have you caught any big fish?
Have you caught anything?
Have you caught on yet?
Have you caught that Unicorn yet?
Have you caught the first toy train?
Have you changed Tom's diaper?
Have you changed Tom's mind?
Have you changed Tom's nappy?
Have you changed anything?
Have you changed shampoo?
Have you changed shampoos?
Have you changed something?
Have you changed the baby's diaper?
Have you changed the baby's nappy?
Have you changed the batteries?
Have you changed the filter?
Have you changed your daily routine as of now?
Have you changed your mind about becoming a pilot?
Have you changed your mind again?
Have you changed your mind already?
Have you changed your mind yet?
Have you changed your mind?
Have you changed your plans?
