The children were playing happily in a field.
The children were playing in the backyard.
The children were playing in the dirt.
The children were playing in the driveway.
The children were playing in the middle of the street.
The children were playing in the park.
The children were playing in the sunshine.
The children were playing tricks.
The children were put in a day care centre while Tom worked.
The children were quiet as mice.
The children were quiet.
The children were reluctant to go to bed.
The children were restless.
The children were rolling a big snowball.
The children were running helter-skelter.
The children were rushing about.
The children were scared by thunder.
The children were screaming and laughing.
The children were screaming and shouting.
The children were singing and holding hands.
The children were sitting around the campfire singing songs.
The children were sitting in a line, watching television.
The children were sitting on the floor in front of Tom.
The children were sitting so as to surround the fire.
The children were skinny dipping.
The children were sleeping when their grandparents called them.
The children were sliding on the ice.
The children were so excited after the party that they couldn't sleep.
The children were so excited after the party that they couldn’t sleep.
The children were so noisy that I couldn't study.
The children were so noisy that I couldn’t study.
The children were splashing each other in the stream.
The children were splashing merrily in the water.
The children were standing in a row.
The children were standing in line.
The children were swimming in the altogether.
The children were swimming in the nude.
The children were swimming naked.
The children were throwing stones into the water.
The children were told to stay within reach of their mother's voice.
The children were told to stay within reach of their mother’s voice.
The children were used as cannon fodder.
The children were used for cannon fodder.
The children were very amused with his tricks.
The children were very happy to see their classmates again.
The children were very rude.
The children were waiting for the first snowfall to build a snowman.
The children were walking along, singing a song.
The children were watching us from the window.
The children were well looked after.
The children were working like so many ants.
The children were wrapped up in their game.
The children weren't in bed.
The children weren't seriously injured.
The children whirled about the garden.
The children will be a drag on me, so I want to go without them.
The children will be happy to see you.
The children will be happy.
The children will have fun there.
The children will love it.
The children will now sing Ma Nishtana.
The children will now sing The Four Questions.
The children will recall it.
The children will wake up if you make noise.
The children work well together.
The children would be a drag on me, so I want to go without them.
The children would like to kill all the ants!
The children would never take him seriously again after the strong gust blew the toupee off his head.
The children would play for hours on the beach.
The children wouldn't stop asking me when Christmas would finally come.
The children wreaked havoc in the house.
The children yearn for the mines.
The children's area is over there.
The children's games that I especially loved were musical chairs, tag, hide-and-go-seek, dodgeball, Chinese jump rope, and hopscotch.
The children's joy is enchanting.
The children's laughs spread throughout the forest.
The children's mirth was contagious.
The children's room is a mess.
The children's room is in bad order.
The children's room is messy.
The children's screams gave me a headache.
The children’s laughs spread throughout the forest.
The children’s room is in bad order.
The child’s body felt feverish.
The child’s face glowed when he saw Santa Claus.
The child’s face worked as she tried to keep back the tears.
The child’s good health says a great deal for maternal care.
The child’s nose is bleeding.
The child’s shout was indeed shrill.
The chili burnt my tongue.
The chill of coming winter discouraged our picnic.
The chilli burnt my tongue.
The chilli peppers are burning my tongue.
The chilli sauce provided spiciness.
The chilli's burnt my tongue.
The chilly autumn air kept us inside the house.
The chilver said: "But last year, I wasn't even born!"
The chimney began to give out smoke.
The chimney blew off the roof.
The chimney caught on fire and the house burned down.
The chimney flue is currently blocked by a bird's nest. We'll need to call a chimney sweep to clean it out before we can safely use the fireplace.
The chimney is belching black smoke.
The chimney is built of bricks.
The chimney is made of brick.
The chimney needs repointing; the mortar between the bricks has eroded.
The chimney needs to be cleaned.
The chimney sweep almost fell off the roof.
The chimp bolted off.
The chimp jumped onto Flavio.
The chimp's eyes narrowed, ready to hurtle the stone at the slightest provocation.
The chimpanzee is a friendly and clever animal that can quickly imitate and learn many things.
The chimpanzee is an intelligent creature, capable of solving simple problems.
The chimpanzee is man's closest living relative.
The china was displayed in a special cabinet.
The chip in Yanni's windshield became a huge crack.
The chip is on the table.
The chip shortage has crimped the world’s ability to produce automobiles.
The chips are getting cold.
The chisel slipped, and I cut my hand.
The chlorine makes the water taste strange.
The chocolate Tom is eating was given to him by his girlfriend.
The chocolate cake has an ooey-gooey center that spills out when it's cut.
The chocolate cake led her into temptation, though she was on a diet.
The chocolate cake tempted her even though she was dieting.
The chocolate cake was delicious.
The chocolate cake was too sweet.
The chocolate dessert was wrapped in a thin layer of pastry which proved irresistible.
The chocolate industry has pledged to reduce deforestation for cocoa cultivation, a major crop in West Africa.
The chocolate is going to melt if you keep it out of the fridge.
The chocolate is in the fridge.
The chocolate started flying out of the bowl.
The chocolate tastes good.
The chocolate that Tom is eating was given to him by his girlfriend.
The choice between a human being's right to live freely and a state's right to exist shouldn't be difficult.
The choice has been made.
The choice is Tom's.
The choice is all up to you.
The choice is clearly Tom's to make.
The choice is difficult.
The choice is easy.
The choice is entirely yours.
The choice is ours.
The choice is still yours.
The choice is ultimately yours.
The choice is very simple.
The choice is yours, Tom.
The choice is yours, but I suggest the second option.
The choice is yours.
The choice of Paris, and her charms disdained, / the hateful race, the lawless honours ta'en / by ravished Ganymede – these wrongs remained.
The choice of clothes has become conservative.
The choice of example sentence wasn't wise.
The choice of example sentence wasn’t wise.
The choice of place for holiday turned out to be a real bone of contention in their family this year.
The choice of presents makes no difference to us.
The choice of words is, of course, no accident.
The choice was Tom's.
The choices you've made are nothing short of shameful.
The choir holds concerts in the surrounding area, including many in the town itself.
The choir of cats greeted me when I opened the front door in the morning.
The choir sang harmoniously, filling the church with music.
The choir sung an a capella version of the song.
The cholla cacti were beautiful but prickly.
The chopped nuts in Benedito's salad are a great addition.
The chopper continued to rain bullets on Rodrigo’s car.
The chopper made a loud noise.
The chopper rushed Tom to the hospital.
The chord stabs are my favorite part of the song.
The choreographer created a stunning dance routine.
The choreographer instructed Tom on the proper motions for Tom's performance.
The choreographers are currently designing sequences of movements right now.
The choreographers were assigned to work on a new music video.
The choreography is quite simple.
The chorizo got burnt.
The choroid is a highly vascularised, darkly pigmented layer found in between the retina and the sclera of the eye.
The choroid is darkly pigmented to fully absorb the light passing through the retina, so as to avoid internal reflection which would lead to blurry vision.
The chosen people have not been re-elected.
The chosen people lost the divine elections.
The chosen people lost the election.
The chosen people were not re-elected.
The chough is similar to a blackbird.
The chromatic thirds in this composition pose a significant technical challenge for the performer.
The chromosomes in our cells contain the whole of our genetic material.
The chronic irascible gossiper is evidently a characteristic type of person who has specialized in this mode of reaction to anger.
The chronicles of the flood of 1342 say that the water in the Mainz Cathedral came up to a man's chest, while in Cologne, one could ride in a boat over the city walls.
The chrysanthemums have a nice smell.
The chrysanthemums smell nice.
The chthonic deity Hades.
The church attempted to stamp out scientific progress.
The church became property of the state and was declared a national monument.
The church bell is ringing.
The church bell used to ring at three.
The church bells always ring at 12.
The church bells are ringing.
The church bells chime at noon.
The church bells rang and trumpets were sounded from every lofty tower, while the soldiers paraded with flags flying and glittering bayonets.
The church bells ring at noon.
The church clock gains three minutes a week.
The church congregation was moved by the fine sermon.
The church dates back to 1173.
The church does not have the mandate to change the world. But if it fulfills its mission, it will change the world.
The church does not proscribe monarchy and prescribe democracy, or proscribe democracy and prescribe monarchy.
The church feeds the pastor.
The church has a lightning rod.
The church is God's house.
The church is across the street from the cemetery.
The church is affiliated with the Protestant Church of Algeria, an umbrella organization for Protestant churches.
The church is at the foot of a mountain.
The church is at the foot of the hill.
The church is at the foot of the mountain.
The church is between my house and yours.
The church is built in Gothic style.
The church is close to the school.
The church is closed for repairs.
The church is closed.
The church is decorated with flowers for the wedding.
The church is handicap accessible.
The church is in the middle of the village.
The church is in yourself, for your body is the temple of the living God.
The church is just across the street.
The church is just across the way.
The church is just on the other side of the street.
The church is just opposite.
The church is located in the center of the village.
The church is located on my street.
The church is midway between your house and mine.
The church is on the edge of the old town.
The church is on the hill overlooking the city.
The church is on the other side of the street.
The church is situated on the edge of town.
The church is still standing. Everything else was destroyed.
The church is surrounded by woods and lakes.
The church is there.
The church is very big.
The church looked like a prison.
The church needs a new roof.
The church offered them sanctuary.
The church on the island is still active.
The church roof is leaking.
The church service will be held soon.
The church sits on the outskirts of town.
The church stands on a hill.
The church stands on the hill.
The church steeples loomed overhead.
The church stood alone on the hill.
The church teaches abstinence before marriage.
The church was a safe haven for the destitute paupers.
The church was beautifully decorated with flowers.
The church was built hundreds of years ago.
The church was built in the fifteenth century.
The church was crowded.
The church was decorated with gold.
The church was filled with music.
The church was on a hill.
The church was packed.
The church was surrounded with woods in all directions.
The church was the base of the German soldiers.
The church was very old and dilapidated.
The church we visited was huge.
The church we went past crumbled five minutes afterwards due to a huge earthquake and more than a 100 churchgoers were buried alive.
The church we went past crumbled five minutes later due to a huge earthquake, and more than a hundred churchgoers were buried alive.
The church wouldn't allow that.
The church's publication of a rant against same-sex marriage was clearly a clerical error.
The church's roof needs to be repaired.
The church's steeple is beginning to crumble with age.
The churches are full of people.
The churches must learn humility as well as teach it.
The churches preach to you a gospel which they know you cannot live up to; they call upon you to become a "better man" without giving you the chance to do so. On the contrary, they uphold the conditions that make you "bad," while they command you to be "good."
The churches were decorated with gold.
The church’s steeple is beginning to crumble with age.
The cicada has represented insouciance since antiquity.
The cicada never meets the ant. Even though it sees it, it ignores it. Unless it's dead.
The cicada nymph was caught in a spider web, grew wings and flew away.
The cicadas are loudest at the end of summer.
The cicadas are out.
The cigar burned a hole in the desk top.
The cigarette burns up and down his arms are a testament to his years of abuse.
The cigarette fell from my fingers.
The cigarette smoke annoyed the other passengers.
The cigarette was still burning.
The cigars cost two Marks.
The cinders are still smoking.
The cinders were still smoking.
The cinema gives discounts every Monday and Wednesday.
The cinema hadn't yet opened.
The cinema industry of Timor-Leste is thriving like never before.
The cinema is an industry.
The cinema is bursting at the seams.
The cinema is in front of the railway station.
The cinema is outside the station.
The cinema is to the right of the restaurant.
The cinema offers discounts every Monday and Wednesday.
The cinema was completely deserted.
The cinema was completely full.
The cinema was empty.
The cinema was filled with people.
The cinema was full to overflowing.
The cinema was jam-packed.
The cinema was packed to the rafters.
The cinema was packed.
The cinema wasn't open yet.
The cinema’s manager, Jean Elhelou, says moviegoers like the surround-sound and big screens that capture the special effects of the blockbuster films.
The circle is red.
The circle is the geometry of caring.
The circuit tester was beeping.
The circular area around the nipple is called areola.
The circulation of the newspaper is only one-third that of its competitor.
The circulation, as is known, is the main indicator of the periodical's authoritativeness.
The circulatory system consists of a short and a long circuit.
The circumference should not be in squared centimeters, for example.
The circumflex accent doesn't exist in Spanish.
The circumstance was really complex.
The circumstances are different now.
The circumstances are difficult, but we'll try to overcome them.
The circumstances are totally unusual.
The circumstances are unfavourable.
The circumstances aren't favourable.
The circumstances did not allow me to go abroad.
The circumstances gave color to her story.
The circumstances have changed for her now.
The circumstances made us have to tell the truth.
The circumstances of his death have not yet been clarified.
The circumstances of this disappearance struck the opposing authorities.
The circumstances were different then.
The circumstances were in his favour.
The circumstances were raggedy.
The circumstances worked to his advantage.
The circus I haven't been to since I was fifteen, but clowns I see constantly.
The circus acrobats amazed everyone.
The circus amazed and delighted the children.
The circus and the show are brimful of fun and laughter.
The circus ended.
The circus entertained us very much.
The circus featured a talented acrobats.
The circus has a wonderful collection of wild animals.
The circus has come to town.
The circus is in town.
The circus sea lion did a trick.
The circus was closed by a report of animal abuse.
The circus will come to town tomorrow.
The cistern is empty.
The cistern on the roof collects rainwater.
The citadel was built of mud brick, baked in ovens until strong. The weather was kept out of its buildings and homes with roofs made of thick limbs from trees, covered with palm fronds in crisscrossed layers, and covered again with other vegetation and earth. So close to the sky, yet sealed from its intrusions.
The cities in the land of Persia have been made on different days, and it has been detailed in this memoir which chief lord built each of them.
The cities of planet Vulcan are more sublime than Earth's.
The cities were put on lockdown on the eve of the Lunar New Year, when millions of Chinese traditionally travel.
The cities, the roads, the countryside, the people I meet - they all begin to blur. I tell myself I am searching for something. But more and more, it feels like I am wandering, waiting for something to happen to me, something that will change everything, something that my whole life has been leading up to.
The citizen reservist, although not deployed in the field, helps strengthen the bond between the nation and its army.
The citizens choose the mayor for a period of four years.
The citizens demonstrated to protest against the new project.
The citizens go to court for justice.
The citizens immediately prepared everything to defend the city.
The citizens of this small community don't condone public displays of affection.
The citizens staggered under the heavy bombing.
The citizens uprose against the dictatorship.
The city I grew up in is very beautiful.
The city I was born in is famous for its ancient castles.
The city always glows, lamps replace the sun. Its panorama ornaments the profound horizon.
The city and its nearby suburbs grew rapidly for several reasons.
The city annoys me a lot because it's noisy.
The city became popular thanks to the amusement park constructed last year.
The city began to pave streets in 1910.
The city buzzed with activity on a bustling Saturday afternoon.
The city came back to life with more vigor.
The city can be reached in less than 20 minutes by car from here.
The city center of Algiers glitters like any major metropolis.
The city center should be closed to all but pedestrian traffic.
The city center was full of people.
The city centre lacks places to park, which is a serious problem.
The city centre will be packed on New Year's Eve.
The city consists of two parts.
The city council discussed plans to implement a bike lane to alleviate traffic and promote alternative transportation.
The city council doesn't fund it.
The city council elected Marcus deputy mayor.
The city council has requested the payment of the fine.
The city council is on the left.
The city council meeting is a great place to sound off.
The city covers a small area.
The city dedicated a monument in honor of the general.
The city expanded the bus route 10Km further.
The city experienced a rapid urbanization after being declared as the capital.
The city fell into ruins.
The city fell to the enemy.
The city government once thought of doing away with that rule.
The city government promised us more low-income housing.
The city government wants to set up special cycle lanes. However, a lot of drivers oppose the idea.
The city hall authorized the sale of the land.
The city hall is in the center of the city.
The city hall is in the centre of the city.
The city hall is in the centre of town.
The city hall is in the city centre.
The city hall is just around the corner.
The city hall is located at the center of the city.
The city hall is very old.
The city hall isn't far from here.
The city hall was built after the old building burned down.
The city has a castle.
The city has a comprehensive network of trams.
The city has a large population.
The city has a library with ten thousand volumes.
The city has a long coastline.
The city has a population of about four million.
The city has a very high population density.
The city has a wonderful place to take a rest.
The city has a wonderful place to walk with children.
The city has been blasted to smithereens.
The city has been decorated for the holiday.
The city has been destroyed in the war.
The city has been promoting mixed-use development as a way of increasing walkability.
The city has changed a considerable amount in the last two years.
The city has changed a lot since then.
The city has decided to do away with the streetcar.
The city has decided to do away with trams.
The city has many beautiful parks.
The city has many broad streets.
The city has modernized and continued to urbanize.
The city has no rival for polluted air.
The city has old streets.
The city has rapidly expanded recently.
The city has taken on immense symbolic value.
The city has wonderful places to walk with children.
The city holds an ice sculpture festival each year.
The city illumined in violet from the distance.
The city implemented a carpooling program to reduce traffic congestion.
The city in which I was born is Tel Aviv.
The city in which I was born is very beautiful.
The city in which she was born was invaded by the enemy forces.
The city in which they live doesn't have a large Spanish-speaking community.
The city in which they live has a large Spanish-speaking community.
The city increased the number of traffic signals at major intersections.
The city is a cage.
The city is a centre of industry.
The city is a home to hipsters and ravers.
The city is asleep.
The city is at the foot of the mountain.
The city is at the northern end of Japan.
The city is beautiful at night, but rather ugly during the day.
The city is beautiful at night, but ugly during the day.
The city is beautiful at night.
The city is beautiful.
The city is becoming increasingly homogeneous from a linguistic point of view.
The city is becoming more and more prosperous.
The city is being blanketed again today by a thick pall of smoke from nearby bushfires.
The city is being obliterated.
The city is being pounded.
The city is below sea level.
The city is big.
The city is built on lowlands.
The city is completely devastated.
The city is contaminated with that black smoke produced by engines with wheels.
The city is cracking down on drunk drivers and giving them fines.
The city is decorated for the holiday.
The city is defenseless.
The city is dirty.
The city is divided into ten administrative districts.
The city is divided into twenty-two districts.
The city is empty.
The city is exciting, but the countryside is boring.
The city is famous for the fossils in its museums.
The city is fifty miles above London.
The city is found west of London.
The city is full of tourists.
The city is gaining popularity as a major tourist destination.
The city is growing and developing.
The city is hosting the fair.
The city is in chaos.
The city is intimidating at night.
The city is laid out with beautiful regularity.
The city is large.
The city is located at the foot of the mountain.
The city is located on the border.
The city is most famous for its automobile industry.
The city is no longer afraid of the monster.
The city is noisy.
The city is notorious for its polluted air.
The city is now infested with zombies.
The city is officially bilingual.
The city is often regarded as the most cultured and cosmopolitan city north of London.
The city is on a plain.
The city is on the eastern bank of the Hudson.
The city is planning to extend the boardwalk.
The city is protected by a golem.
The city is putting on a big firework display.
The city is quite lively.
The city is quite near, one can go by bicycle.
The city is separated into rich and poor.
The city is simultaneously killing me and reviving me.
The city is small.
The city is surrounded by a high wall.
The city is surrounded by a wall.
The city is surrounded by walls.
The city is to the west of London.
The city is tranquil at night.
The city is two miles away.
The city is under siege.
The city is very close. You can get there by bike.
The city is very loud.
The city is very polluted; the countryside is very boring.
The city is wasting money.
The city is well supplied with water.
The city is west of London.
The city is worth seeing.
The city isn't the one I left six years ago.
The city known today as Algiers was founded by the Phoenicians.
The city library has a special department for blind people.
The city library underwent extensive renovations and can now accommodate twice as many books as before.
The city lies below sea level.
The city lies east of London.
The city lies on the border between the coastal area and the neighboring highland.
The city lights are beautiful at night.
The city lights could be seen in the distance.
The city lights flickered in the distance.
The city lights were mesmerizing.
The city literally owes its existence to Mussolini.
The city moves, cars flow in its veins, men and women fill out its body. Everything is connected in the pulsating city.
The city of Aachen is administered as an independent district.
The city of Algiers has around four million people.
The city of Angkor is being claimed back by the jungle.
The city of Bejaia is in Algeria.
The city of Bejaia is in sight.
The city of Bonn just invented the "hookermeter", to tax prostitutes who cruise its sidewalks, and I just invented the word for that.
The city of Boston has one of the best children's hospitals in the United States.
The city of Boston has one of the best children’s hospitals in the United States.
The city of Boston thanks you for your service.
The city of Grimbergen in Belgium has passed a law that prohibits people from speaking anything other than Flemish in the entire city.
The city of Gydnia was once a small fishing village.
The city of Honolulu in Hawaii, and Santa Fe in New Mexico, topped the list of cities with the cleanest air.
The city of Londrina was founded in 1930.
The city of Lyctos in Crete forbade any Epicurean to enter it under penalty of the most frightful tortures.
The city of Mako was a centre for the cultivation of onions.
The city of Milan is in the north of Italy, near the Alps mountains, which has made it a center of commerce since ancient times.
The city of Milwaukee recently joined the short list of communities that try to shame problem landlords. City officials called the news media to a dilapidated duplex in a low-income neighborhood. And with television cameras rolling, a city crew put up a one by 2.5 meter sign in the front yard. It stated the owner's name and the fact that the building has outstanding code violations. The tactic worked. Just a few days later, the city crew was back to take down the sign.
The city of Mito was crowded with blossom viewers.
The city of Paris is worth a detour.
The city of Portalegre in Portugal is known as the City of Seven Convents.
The city of Recife is known as the "Brazilian Venice".
The city of Recife is known as the Venice of Brazil.
The city of Rio de Janeiro was once the capital of Brazil.
The city of Rome is famous.
The city of Santos has a large port.
The city of Seattle is named after Chief Seattle.
The city of Seville is being forced to cancel its annual holy week processions, famous bull fights and horse fairs at a cost of about $500 million – a sum that some fear could bankrupt the southern region of Andalusia.
The city of Seville is being forced to cancel its annual holy week processions.
The city of Singapore is the capital of the Republic of Singapore.
The city of Toronto has about 160 community recreation centres, many of which include swimming pools, skating and curling rinks, gymnasiums, weight rooms and meeting rooms.
The city of Toronto is in Canada.
The city of Yefren in Libya has 30,000 inhabitants.
The city of Ys, says another account, was a place rich in commerce and the arts, but so given over to luxury as to arouse the ire of St Gwénnolé, who, in the manner of Jeremiah, foretold its ruin.
The city perished in the earthquake.
The city police have begun a clampdown on speeding in residential areas.
The city puts on a big firework display.
The city remained without power because of an accident at the power station.
The city revived with greater vigor.
The city skyline was beautiful at night.
The city sleeps.
The city slept peacefully.
The city sprawls between a chain of mountains and a big river.
The city streets are all paved with stones.
The city supplied food for the children.
The city supplied the earthquake victims with food and blankets.
The city supplied the needy with blankets.
The city took the initiative in the pollution suit.
The city walls are high.
The city walls are so beautiful!
The city wants to attract a lot of Hispanic residents.
The city wants to breathe new life into one of its landmarks by transforming an old warehouse into one of the most modern concert halls in the world.
The city wants to extend the road.
The city was abandoned.
The city was alarmed by the earthquake.
The city was all aflame.
The city was all flame.
The city was attacked by many enemies.
The city was beautiful before the war.
The city was besieged.
The city was blanketed with snow.
The city was bombed by enemy planes.
The city was bombed many times during the Second World War.
The city was completely deserted.
The city was completely enshrouded in a deep layer of clouds produced by pollution.
The city was conquered, and he was driven out.
The city was covered in snow.
The city was covered with volcanic ash.
The city was damaged by the flood.
The city was damaged during the war.
The city was decorated for the holiday.
The city was deserted by its inhabitants.
The city was deserted.
The city was destroyed by fire.
The city was destroyed during the war.
The city was destroyed in the war.
The city was devastated by the earthquake.
The city was devastated by the outbreak.
The city was devastated by war.
The city was empty.
The city was filled with ash and abandoned vehicles.
The city was filled with panic.
The city was fortified all about.
The city was founded in 573.
The city was full of hungry soldiers.
The city was full of starving soldiers.
The city was full of young couples.
The city was in ruins.
The city was lively with revellers last night.
The city was much more linguistically diverse in the past.
The city was once very diverse linguistically.
The city was overtaken by the jungle and disappeared.
The city was overtaken by the jungle.
The city was put in a difficult financial situation.
The city was ravaged by a tornado.
The city was rebuilt after the war.
The city was restored to tranquility after a week.
The city was ruined by the brutal force of nature.
The city was soon occupied by the soldiers.
The city was surrounded by walls.
The city was taken by the English in 1664.
The city was the same as before.
The city was the target of an attack against the rebels.
The city was totally destroyed.
The city was twinned with Ramallah.
The city was under siege.
The city was well fortified except on this side.
The city was wrapped in fog.
The city you're going to is very far away.
The city's bridges were destroyed.
The city's convention center was converted into a make-shift hospital.
The city's crime rate is high due to the police's lousiness.
The city's disaster prevention radio broadcast can be heard.
The city's highest point is 592 meters above sea level.
The city's highest point is 592 metres above sea level.
The city's hot springs are very well known.
The city's multi-story buildings built in the 1940's are in danger of collapse.
The city's streets are filled with Christmas shoppers.
The city's streets are filled with cars, buses, taxis and trams.
The city's streets are filled with people fleeing.
The city's streets are filled with protesters.
The city's streets are filled with tourists.
The city's transportation system disintegrated.
The city, as far as the eye could see, lay in ruins.
The city, which had the support of the Anne Frank museum, had planned to replace the tree with one of its cuttings.
The city’s defense system collapsed.
The city’s world-famous Mardi Gras celebration attracts more than one million visitors each year and brings together hundreds of thousands of local residents.
The civil disobedience of the dead was heroic; the civil disobedience of the living is extremist and criminal.
The civil rights movement leads to a dream.
The civil war claimed thousands of innocent lives.
The civil war in Greece ended.
The civil war in the Azawad region is a symptom of Mali's collapse.
The civil war lasted the better part of ten years.
The civil war of the 1990's hindered Algeria's ability to develop.
The civil war of the 1990's severely disrupted life in Algeria.
The civilian unrest is showing no signs of abating.
The civilization of planet Arratellia is superior to Earth's.
The claim from the employee about wages may be abrasive to the employer.
The claim is to be reported to justice within twenty days.
The claim of community involvement is just window dressing; City Hall will do what it wants to anyhow.
The claim that Hitler was part Jewish was a self-serving lie told by a Nazi party official after the end of World War II, and no one has ever been able to corroborate it.
The claim that Tom has committed murder is completely baseless.
The claim that a cockroach is the only creature that would survive a nuclear war is a myth, debunked as early as the fifties.
The claim that men evolved to hunt and women to gather is not supported by the evidence.
The claim that non-binary people do not have gender dysphoria is dated and runs contrary to current medical standards.
The claim that nonbinary people do not have gender dysphoria is dated and runs contrary to current medical standards.
The claim that the Kabyle flag represents Kabylie is a flagrant lie.
The claim that the word "Yiddish" is "pervasive" in the corpus is laughable.
The claim that trans people are "erasing lesbians" is a fabrication by straight right-wing people. In reality, 96% of lesbians are supportive of trans people.
The claim was taken to court, but ultimately ruled as mere hearsay.
The claimants are between the ages of 13 and 17. They argue that by burning coal, climate change will be made worse, harming their future.
The claimed threat of terrorism overshadowed campaign finance reform issues.
The claims are difficult to verify as Israel has not allowed foreign journalists into the Gaza Strip since its offensive began last year.
The clamouring crowd blocked the police cars.
The clan ended in seventh grade.
The clan system is a key component of traditional Chinese culture.
The clarinet is a wind instrument.
The clarinets aren't playing together.
The clarinets need to play together.
The clarity of Ido is wonderful.
The clarity of the tax code was good enough to become the archetype of perspicuous writing in the lawyer's cohort.
The clash between tradition and modernity is a recurring theme in many literary works.
The clasp on this necklace is broken.
The class I have the most homework in is English.
The class accepted the new teacher.
The class are all here.
The class begins at 8:30.
The class being over, the students left quickly.
The class consisted of fifteen boys and a lot of girls.
The class consists of 50 boys.
The class consists of fifty students.
The class didn't shut up.
The class divided into two teams.
The class divided on this question.
The class got quiet.
The class handouts on human growth and development include anatomically correct drawings.
The class has started.
The class has started. Please take your seats.
The class is about to start.
The class is officially over.
The class is over.
The class is too large to be taught by a single man.
The class meets once a week.
The class of forty includes eighteen girls.
The class started at ten.
The class starts at ten.
The class taught by Tom was boring.
The class turned into a circus.
The class was boring.
The class was canceled due to the storm.
The class was carried on in English.
The class was divided into four groups.
The class was made up of 15 boys and as many girls.
The class was made up of seventeen children.
The class was too big so we split up into two smaller groups.
The class went wild.
The class were divided in their opinion.
The class were noisy today.
The class will be conducted in Berber.
The class will be divided into groups for the project.
The class will be finishing when I arrive.
The class will be finishing when he gets there.
The class will be taught by a substitute teacher for about two weeks.
The class will start in five minutes.
The classes stopped at noon, when we had lunch.
The classes will be held on Wednesdays, and sometimes also on Thursdays, starting September 2, 2020.
The classes will start at 4:00 PM Rio de Janeiro Time (GMT -3).
The classic cheeseburger never disappoints.
The classic tale of starving young Bohemian lovers living in a garret has been called the "greatest love story ever sung."
The classical periodization of history studies in Ancient times, the Middle Ages and Modern Era is based on a Eurocentrist world view.
The classified ad wanted female singers to form an a cappella group.
The classified documents were hidden.
The classmates Tom shared his lunch with all came down with diarrhea.
The classmates all like reading Japanese manga.
The classmates felt for him deeply.
The classroom erupted in laughter when the teacher told Tom to stop masticating in class.
The classroom has finally warmed up.
The classroom is clean.
The classroom is empty.
The classroom is full of teenagers. A couple of them are asleep.
The classroom looked empty.
The classroom next door holds up to a hundred people.
The classroom over there doesn't have a TV.
The classroom was almost empty.
The classroom was empty.
The classroom was full of pupils.
The classroom was littered.
The classroom was quiet.
The classroom was so noisy I didn't hear my name called.
The classroom was so noisy I didn’t hear my name called.
The classroom will be empty for the next two periods.
The clatter of the horse's hooves soothed him.
The clause provides that all decisions shall be made by majority vote.
The clawing sound stopped.
The clay-court tournament is one of the final warm-ups for the French Open, which starts May 27 in Paris.
The clean air revitalized us.
The clean towels are in the drawer.
The clean towels are in the dresser drawer.
The cleaner insisted on using the old rag.
The cleaner thought that she was only doing her job - in actual fact, she destroyed a modern work of art worth millions. Now the museum is struggling with how to handle the crisis.
The cleaner’s body was found in a dumpster.
The cleaning lady interrupted the conversation.
The cleaning man came yesterday.
The cleaning staff is cleaning the men's bathroom.
The cleanser removed the dirt from the oven.
The cleanup at the Fukushima Daiichi plant could take years, possibly decades.
The cleanup team is on its way.
The cleanup team is on the way.
The cleanup went well.
The clear and refreshing sound of the wind chimes is one of the characteristics of summers in Japan, but in recent years the number of people who perceive it merely as noise has been increasing.
The clear vesicles shoot up from the surface, as it were, without warning; or there may be for a brief period only a circumscribed erythema like that which usually precedes the appearance of an urticarial wheal.
The clearer the vision, the clearer the success.
The clearing had a baseball field.
The clearing was all trampled.
The clearing was eerily silent.
The clearing was really comfortable.
The clearing was surrounded by large trees.
The clearing was surrounded by thick threes.
The clearness of the explanation satisfied him.
The cleft in the rock provided shelter for the hiker.
The clerestory of the church is of the Perpendicular period, and is divided into eight bays, each containing two windows.
The clergyman has married three couples this week.
The clerics met to discuss ministry to young people.
The clerk admitted his mistake to me.
The clerk didn't give me the correct change.
The clerk didn't take much trouble over the work.
The clerk didn’t take much trouble over the work.
The clerk died from overwork.
The clerk gave Tom a refund.
The clerk in the hotel lobby knows a lot about the local traffic conditions.
The clerk is not very kind.
The clerk labeled the baggage.
The clerk made an entry in his ledger.
The clerk nodded, so the woman wrote a check and handed it over.
The clerk refused to give me a refund at which point I demanded to see the manager.
The clerk said, "What can I do for you, sir?"
The clerk waited on them immediately.
The clerk was dismissed on the grounds of her rude manners.
The clever doctor could cure many illnesses.
The clever doctor was able to cure the Prime Minister's illness.
The clever doctor was able to cure the Prime Minister’s illness.
The clever student finished the test quickly.
The clicking of high heels kind of hurts my ears. Do the people wearing them not notice?
The client chose my competitor's inferior and more expensive proposal out of loyalty. Good luck getting competitive bidding on your next big project!
The client has just arrived and is waiting in the room next door.
The client left feeling much better.
The client left feeling much more refreshed.
The client left feeling much more relaxed.
The client said he felt much better after the massage.
The client said she felt much better after the massage.
The client seemed satisfied.
The client sighed in relief as the massage therapist worked out the tension in her muscles.
The client talked with the lawyer.
The client went running into the office.
The clientele seemed satisfied.
The clients decided.
The cliff collapsed, the rocks split, and the empty sky filled with a noisy clamor.
The cliff hangs over the road.
The cliff hangs over the sea.
The cliff is almost vertical.
The cliffs aren't that high.
The climactic battle of the Mahabharata takes place on the battlefield of Kurukshetra.
The climate activists were surprisingly in favor of chopping down the forest, while the conservationists looked at them astounded. They weren't expecting this betrayal.
The climate affected her health.
The climate affected his health.
The climate affected the growth of trees and plants.
The climate affected your health.
The climate affects people in every land.
The climate and ecological crisis is a global crisis and the biggest humanity has ever faced.
The climate change around this world worried everyone.
The climate change is a world problem.
The climate crisis is deepening.
The climate has a big effect on our health.
The climate has changed.
The climate has much to do with our mind and body.
The climate here does not agree with me.
The climate here doesn't agree with me.
The climate here doesn’t agree with me.
The climate here is colder than I expected.
The climate here is generally a lot cooler than where I used to live.
The climate here is generally mild.
The climate here is harsh.
The climate here is like that of France.
The climate here is like that of Hokkaido.
The climate here is mild.
The climate here is milder than in Moscow.
The climate here is milder than that of England.
The climate here is milder than that of Moscow.
The climate here is milder than that of Tokyo.
The climate here is the same as in France.
The climate here is very mild, and snow seldom falls even in winter.
The climate here is very mild, so it seldom snows here even in the winter.
The climate here is very similar to that in England.
The climate here is very similar to that of England.
The climate here is warm for most of the year.
The climate in Japan is milder than in England.
The climate in London is different to that of Tokyo.
The climate in the Sahara Desert was much more humid than it is now.
The climate in the south of France is ideal.
The climate in this region is temperate.
The climate is arid in this region.
The climate is changing for the worse.
The climate is changing, and humans are to blame.
The climate is changing.
The climate is equable and most delightful; though the temperature is exceptionally high, it is, in fact, perpetual summer, varied only by the rains of the monsoon months of May and June, October and November.
The climate is getting warmer.
The climate is hot in the desert.
The climate is mild in this country.
The climate is moist and warm.
The climate is pleasant.
The climate is slowly getting better.
The climate of Canada is cooler than that of Japan.
The climate of England is milder than of Scotland.
The climate of England is milder than that of Scotland.
The climate of England is not so mild as that of Japan, but in summer it is much cooler.
The climate of England is similar to that of Hokkaido.
The climate of England isn't as mild as Japan, but in the summer, it's much cooler.
The climate of England isn’t as mild as Japan, but in the summer, it’s much cooler.
The climate of Florida in the wintertime is milder than that of Iowa.
The climate of Japan is as warm as that of China.
The climate of Japan is mild.
The climate of Japan is milder than that of England.
The climate of Japan is milder than that of India.
The climate of Japan is not like that of England.
The climate of Kochi is warmer than that of Kyoto.
The climate of New Zealand is similar to that of Japan.
The climate of Tokyo is different from that of London.
The climate of this country is cold and dry.
The climate of this town is so mild that the thermometer seldom rises to thirty degrees, even in midsummer.
The climate problem is complicated.
The climate problem is very complex.
The climate's very mild.
The climb is rather frightening than dangerous.
The climb may have been a long one, but it was certainly worth it for the views.
The climb to the summit took six hours.
The climb to the top took six hours.
The climb took three days.
The climb was easy.
The climb was strenuous.
The climb was worth it.
The climb will be steep and difficult.
The climber died after he was hit by rocks.
The climber fell 100 meters downward and broke both his legs.
The climber slipped on a rock and fell into a crevasse.
The climber stayed alert while climbing the precipice.
The climbers awoke before daybreak.
The climbers died after the rope came loose.
The climbers perished after falling into a crevasse.
The climbers were apprehensive of their danger.
The climbers were brought off by the rescue party.
The climbers were tired, but happy to see the beauty before them.
The climbers were tired, but happy.
The clinic allowed only two visitors per patient at any one time.
The clinic closed in 2006.
The clinic director is Sami.
The clinic has to be evacuated.
The clinic is at 1439 Park Street.
The clinic is closed.
The clinic lost its accreditation.
The clinic near my house was forced to close.
The clinic prescribed Tom ciprofloxacin.
The clinic provided excellent guidance throughout the process.
The clinic sent another bill.
The clinic staff also say severe food shortages have caused a spike in anaemia and malnutrition — especially in children.
The clinic was built by a business tycoon.
The clinic was closed down.
The clinic was crowded with patients waiting for their turn to see the doctor.
The clinic was severely damaged by an earthquake.
The clinic will be closed down.
The clinic, which treats 1,600 of the city's roughly 20,000 uninsured, is funded mostly by foundations and private donors.
The clinical evidence for the effect of acupuncture in the treatment of SAR is still controversial.
The clinical records in most hospitals are kept in alphabetical order.
The clinically-cool reception area is full of women waiting for their turn to get injected with botox, filler, liposuction, hair transplants, or any other of an array of beauty services offered here.
The clinicians discussed each patient during their hospital rounds.
The clip was longer.
The clitoris is really a small undeveloped penis.
The clitoris is the most sensitive organ of a woman.
The clock at this moment reads a quarter past five.
The clock chimed midnight.
The clock chimed twelve.
The clock chimes every hour.
The clock dictates man's movements.
The clock dictates man’s movements.
The clock displays the time.
The clock does not run.
The clock gains five minutes a day.
The clock has already struck noon.
The clock has just struck ten.
The clock has just struck three.
The clock has run down. I need new batteries.
The clock has stopped.
The clock has stopped. A new battery is needed.
The clock has stopped. I need some new batteries.
The clock has stopped. It needs a new battery.
The clock has two hands, an hour hand and a minute hand.
The clock in the church tower struck nine.
The clock in the classroom is three minutes fast.
The clock is above the fireplace.
The clock is accurate and dependable.
The clock is accurate and reliable.
The clock is ahead.
The clock is broken.
The clock is defective.
The clock is down.
The clock is fast.
The clock is five minutes behind.
The clock is five minutes fast.
The clock is five minutes late.
The clock is five minutes slow.
The clock is hanging from the wall.
The clock is hung on the wall.
The clock is made in Switzerland.
The clock is not working.
The clock is set to five pm.
The clock is showing the wrong time.
The clock is slow.
The clock is still ticking.
The clock is striking four.
The clock is ten minutes behind.
The clock is ten minutes slow.
The clock is ticking, and he's getting anxious.
The clock is ticking, time is running out.
The clock is ticking.
The clock is wrong.
The clock isn't working.
The clock on that tower is accurate.
The clock on the Lviv Town Hall was first installed in the year 1404.
The clock on the wall has quit working.
The clock on the wall is slow.
The clock on the wall read 4.30 am.
The clock on the wall said it was 2:30.
The clock on the wall says it's time to wake up!
The clock on the wall ticked loudly.
The clock read five.
The clock says two.
The clock stopped.
The clock stopped. It needs a new battery.
The clock strikes 4.
The clock struck half past 12.
The clock struck midnight.
The clock struck noon.
The clock struck ten.
The clock struck twelve at midnight.
The clock struck twelve.
The clock that I have is made of gold.
The clock that got broken must be repaired right away.
The clock ticked loud.
The clock ticked louder in the quiet room.
The clock ticked steadily on the wall.
The clock ticked.
The clock was a gift from Queen Victoria.
The clock was already striking midnight.
The clock was exactly at 21:00.
The clock was stolen by Peter.
The clock was ticking.
The clock was working, but the alarm had not gone off.
The clock was working, but the alarm hadn't gone off.
The clock will tick only once each year, go bong once a century, and once a millennium, it will send out a cuckoo.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
The clock's ticking.
The clock, which my grandfather bought, is still in good order.
The clocks aren't going to be changed any more in future.
The clocks change on Sunday.
The clocks have always been too fast for as long as I can remember.
The clocks have been put back to standard time.
The clocks have gone back to standard time.
The clocks will be put back an hour this weekend.
The clocks will change on Sunday.
The clocks will not be changed any more in future.
The clocks will not be changed in future.
The clocks won't be changed any more in future.
The clocks won't be changed in future.
The cloning of human embryos is prohibited by law.
The close-cropped lawn is beautiful in the eyes of a people whose inherited bent it is to readily find pleasure in contemplating a well-preserved pasture or grazing land.
The closeness of their relationship was too much for him and his busy schedule.
The closer Claudio got, the slower he walked.
The closer to 100%, the closer the blended image will resemble the colors of the primary raster.
The closer you are to the sea, the windier it gets.
The closer you are to the sea, the windier it is.
The closer you come to the city centre, the heavier the traffic gets.
The closer you get to the city centre, the worse the traffic gets.
The closer you get to the truth, the more shades of grey you discover.
The closest I have is a 38.
The closest branch is three blocks over, kitty-corner from the library.
The closest dwarf planet to Earth is Ceres.
The closest genetic relatives of Finns are Estonians.
The closest living relatives of Berber are the Chadic languages.
The closest place to eat is Chuck's Diner.
The closest planet to the Sun is Mercury.
The closest relatives of Hungarian are Mansi and Khanti.
The closest relatives of termites are wood-eating cockroaches of the genus Cryptocercus.
The closest road actually led to a cemetery.
The closest room is mine.
The closest star to Earth is the Sun.
The closest supermarket is more than thirty miles from here.
The closest thing to a hell in Judaism is really more like a purgatory.
The closet door creaked as Ziri entered.
The closet door is stuck.
The closet door quietly closed.
The closet door was half-open.
The closet door was moving.
The closet door was open just a crack.
The closet door was open.
The closet door was shut.
The closet door was wide open.
The closet door won't open.
The closet is closed.
The closet is full of things that we don't use.
The closet light as on, but the door was shut.
The closet light was on again.
The closet measures three meters in height.
The closet was Ziri’s secret hideout.
The closet was cluttered.
The closet was empty besides Alberto's toys.
The closet was empty.
The closet was most likely the source of the sound.
The closing ceremony of the Olympics was wonderful.
The closing of school was due to the heavy snow.
The closing of school was due to the snow.
The closure of schools, Romano said, was the right thing to do to limit the spread of the virus. But he said the government should also have closed discos and stopped bus travel because people are near each other also in these places and risk contracting the virus.
The closure of the factory was a tough pill to swallow for the town's residents.
The closure of the factory will have significant knock-on effects for the town's economy.
The cloth absorbed the ink I had spilled.
The cloth has been dyed bright red.
The cloth was dyed bright red.
The cloth was lying on the floor.
The cloth was torn to shreds.
The cloth's very faded.
The clothes Tom has on don't fit him very well.
The clothes Tom is wearing are dirty.
The clothes Tom was wearing were dirty.
The clothes Tom wears are made by his mother.
The clothes airer is on the terrace.
The clothes are drying outside.
The clothes are drying.
The clothes are in the closet.
The clothes are over there.
The clothes are there.
The clothes are wet.
The clothes aren't dry yet.
The clothes aren't dry.
The clothes at this boutique are particularly expensive.
The clothes do not make the man.
The clothes fit you excellently.
The clothes got wet.
The clothes had paint streaks all over them.
The clothes horse is always in the way!
The clothes horse is on the terrace.
The clothes she wears are always plain.
The clothes shop just after Li Ming's house.
The clothes soaked in water overnight were heavy.
The clothes we're wearing are borrowed.
The clothes you washed this morning aren't dry yet.
The clothespin fell to the ground.
The clothing and linens are cleaned with locally produced and environmentally friendly detergents and delivered in reusable packages.
The clothing store was run by Algerians.
The cloud broke up.
The cloud has passed, and the sun is beating down once more.
The cloud is beginning to break up.
The cloud is grey.
The cloud was in the shape of a bear.
The cloud was pitch black.
The clouds above moved fast.
The clouds above were enormous and full of water.
The clouds are breaking up.
The clouds are breaking.
The clouds are coming from the south.
The clouds are darkening, and it looks as though it's going to rain.
The clouds are darkening, and it looks like rain.
The clouds are finally clearing out the sky so that some sunrays can break through the clouds.
The clouds are finally clearing out the sky to let the sun shine through the clouds.
The clouds are getting darker and darker and it's beginning to look like it might rain.
The clouds are getting darker, and it looks like rain.
The clouds are getting darker.
The clouds are getting darker; it's going to rain.
The clouds are getting darker; it’s going to rain.
The clouds are gray.
The clouds are large, and the raindrops are small.
The clouds are moving across the sky.
The clouds are rolling away.
The clouds are scudding across the sky.
The clouds are slowing clearing out the sky so that the sun can break through the sky.
The clouds are white and fairly fluffy.
The clouds are whizzing past the moon.
The clouds became darker and the air became heavier.
The clouds bring rain.
The clouds broke before me.
The clouds cleared up and let the sun shine.
The clouds disappeared.
The clouds dispersed themselves.
The clouds dispersed.
The clouds dissipated and the sun rose.
The clouds drift round, and they glide by, surrounded by light and the blue sky.
The clouds fell away like curtains and the sun rose.
The clouds floating in the sky are beautiful.
The clouds gathered above them.
The clouds gathered.
The clouds getting darker, and it looks like rain.
The clouds hang in the sky.
The clouds have disappeared.
The clouds have hidden the sun.
The clouds hid the sun for a while.
The clouds hid the sun.
The clouds hung low.
The clouds look very dark.
The clouds opened and the sun shone through.
The clouds scudded across the sky.
The clouds suddenly darkened the angelic landscape.
The clouds thickened and it started to precipitate.
The clouds turned coal colored.
The clouds veiled the moon.
The clouds were driven away by the wind.
The clouds were gathering.
The clouds were lit from below by the fireworks.
The clouds were lit from below.
The clouds, heavy with hail and snow-flakes, hung low in the sky, and the raven stood on the ferns crying, "Croak, croak." It made one shiver with cold to look at him.
The cloudy and somewhat cool weather offered perfect conditions to prepare for the marathon.
The clown at the circus pleased my children.
The clown at the fair told us that today would be the best day of our lives. Who was going to say he was right?
The clown character originally… is a trickster figure… you can’t easily categorize them.
The clown fell down on purpose.
The clown is afraid of the dark.
The clown it's his most remembered role.
The clown made a funny face.
The clown made me laugh.
The clown pulled a funny face.
The clown was squeaking his rubber nose.
The clown went back to the circus.
The clown's stunts were highly amusing to the boys.
The clownfish clowns around.
The clownfish is a vividly coloured fish.
The clown’s stunts were highly amusing to the boys.
The club accepted him as a member.
The club admitted him as a member.
The club broke into subgroups.
The club elected Marcus president.
The club elected a new group of officers.
The club failed to pass our resolution.
The club has five members.
The club has more than 50 members.
The club has more than fifty members.
The club has over fifty members.
The club has thirty members.
The club have sacked their manager only 14 games into the season.
The club have sacked their manager.
The club is closing in forty minutes.
The club is composed of ten women.
The club is getting together tonight.
The club is in serious danger of being relegated.
The club is made up of ten women.
The club members agreed to present the seniors with a brooch each.
The club members assembled in the meeting room.
The club members gathered in the conference room.
The club room returned to quiet. All that could be heard was the sound of pencil on sketchpad.
The club was completely buzzing.
The club was crowded.
The club was hot and stuffy.
The club was packed.
The club was raided by fundamentalists.
The club was very crowded.
The club's official color is chocolate brown.
The clubhouse was broken into and equipment was stolen.
The clumsy man envied her extraordinary talent.
The clumsy man envied her unusual talent.
The cluster of cells continued to grow in the laboratory.
The clutch isn't working right.
The clutch of eggs is incubated by both sexes.
The co-op practices consensus-based decision making.
The co-op started in 2003, but its breakthrough to the luxury coffee market came when it was introduced in 2008 to a British non-governmental organization which helps to pair producers in developing countries with supermarket chains in the West.
The co-star stole every scene with her hilarious pratfalls.
The coach accused us of not doing our best.
The coach asked the players to give their 110 percent.
The coach banned Yanni from practice.
The coach bitched out the players when the team lost.
The coach called David for the match.
The coach called off the game because many of the players were down with the flu.
The coach considers Bob a good player.
The coach demonstrated the proper batting technique.
The coach didn't let me play.
The coach doesn't know who the tallest student is.
The coach ejected Stefan of the game.
The coach gave Ziri one more chance.
The coach gave him batting tips.
The coach gave him some good advice.
The coach gave his team a pep talk before the game started.
The coach gave me some advice.
The coach gets the swimmers to swim five miles a day.
The coach gives them instructions.
The coach had a one-on-one discussion with each player to evaluate his performance on the field.
The coach has proven himself.
The coach helped Matthew straighten out his golf swing, improving his game.
The coach is giving them instructions.
The coach is leaving soon.
The coach is looking for a certain student, and the speaker describes that student as "the tallest student". The coach may not even know that that student is the tallest.
The coach kicked Tom off the team.
The coach looked Tom in the eye and said, "If you want to be a key player on this team, you've got to step up your game."
The coach made a face because the defense kept making errors.
The coach made him a good pitcher.
The coach made the players run five miles a day.
The coach made us run three extra laps.
The coach named Tom the captain of the team.
The coach of the basketball team is looking for the tallest student.
The coach personally handpicked each player on the team.
The coach praised the team for a good game.
The coach pulled Ziri aside during half-time.
The coach said that Tom did great.
The coach says he's going to cut me from the team.
The coach scolded Ziri and sent him to train.
The coach showed his team a video of their opposition's latest game, so they could analyse their style of play and, in particular, identify their weaknesses.
The coach spoke to the team before the match.
The coach steered his team to victory.
The coach told me I needed to practice harder.
The coach told the players not to eat too much before the game.
The coach urged his team not to be complacent following their four consecutive wins.
The coach walked in and asked us to get ready for practice.
The coach was impressed with Tom's performance.
The coach was sent to the stands.
The coach was waiting for the players to swim.
The coach was well stored with sweet cakes, and under the seat were fruit and gingerbread nuts.
The coach watched the team practice harder.
The coach watched the team practice.
The coach's advice saved us.
The coach's motivational speech was a goad for the team's determination.
The coach's playbook had more running plays than last week's game.
The coaches kept encouraging me.
The coaches shook hands after the game.
The coachman cracked his whip, and the carriage began to move.
The coachman cursed blasphemously.
The coach’s advice saved us.
The coal bin is full.
The coal in the stove is burning.
The coal industry is dying.
The coal is burning.
The coal miners are on strike.
The coal was glowing in the fire.
The coalition force fired at her car at the checkpoint in Bagdad.
The coalition force fired at her car at the checkpoint in Baghdad.
The coalition is trying to paper over the cracks.
The coalition of the willing.
The coalition talks are dragging on.
The coalition talks in Berlin fell through.
The coalition talks in Berlin have broken down.
The coals are burning red.
The coals are still glowing.
The coarse sieve mocks the fine sieve, while the sheepskin rug smiles mischievously.
The coast guard called in a rescue helicopter.
The coast guard discovered more survivors hiding in a nearby cave.
The coast guard discovered two more survivors hiding in a nearby cave.
The coast guard is investigating the cause of the accident.
The coast guard received the ship’s distress signal and dispatched two boats and a helicopter to the scene.
The coast is clear.
The coast of England has many bays.
The coast of the French Riviera has very beautiful beaches.
The coast road runs parallel to the shore.
The coast seemed clear.
The coast was warned against a tsunami.
The coastal ecosystem of British Columbia is rapidly declining.
The coastline then, as now, was a long strip of beach.
The coat I want to buy costs $300.
The coat I wanted was priced at three hundred dollars.
The coat Tom wanted was too expensive. That's why he didn't buy it.
The coat does not fit properly across the shoulders.
The coat doesn't fit properly across the shoulders.
The coat doesn't have any pockets.
The coat doesn’t have any pockets.
The coat has worn well.
The coat is a bit too short. Can you lengthen it?
The coat is hanging on the coat rack.
The coat is lined with fur.
The coat is not bad, I like it.
The coat is not mine.
The coat is on the chair.
The coat is on the table.
The coat is too big for Tom.
The coat isn't mine.
The coat looks good on you.
The coat of arms of Russia is very beautiful.
The coat of arms of this city shows some animal with red claws that I don't recognise.
The coat on the right is mine.
The coat she said she wanted was extremely expensive.
The coat she wanted was extremely expensive.
The coat she wanted was eye-poppingly expensive.
The coat that she said she wanted was very expensive.
The coat was too big for Tom.
The coat's lying on the chair.
The coatimundi is often seen in the forests.
The cobbler always wears the worst shoes.
The cobbler can mend shoes.
The cobbler is looking for a new anvil.
The cobbler repairs footwear.
The cobbler's children go barefoot.
The cobbles are also round, which tells us that they are being smoothed as waves carry them up and down the beach, rolling the cobbles against each other and knocking off any sharp or broken edges.
The cobbles lie dormant beneath a layer of asphalt.
The cobblestone streets give this town a very picturesque appearance.
The cobwebs are glistening in the silver dew.
The cobwebs are glittering in the silver dew.
The cobwebs are more authentic than the gimp laces, and the old pear-tree furniture on exhibition is actually younger than the mahogany which arrived but yesterday from America.
The cobwebs glitter in the silver dew.
The coccyx is a vestigial feature that shows the common ancestry of mankind and apes.
The coccyx is a vestigial trait.
The coccyx is the vestigial structure of a tail.
The cochlea implant is a technically ingenious device.
The cocido, what's in it?
The cocido, what’s in it?
The cock and the other birds awaken me in the morning.
The cock crows, "Cock-a-doodle-doo!" in the morning.
The cock crows. The sound made by him is "cock-a-doodle-doo."
The cock, the hen, and their chicks pecked in the farmyard.
The cockatiel, a member of the cockatoo family endemic to Australia, makes an excellent household pet.
The cockerel crows early in the morning.
The cockerel's splendid red cockscomb is thought to play a part in determining gender and breed.
The cockerel, herald of the morning, wakes those of us sleeping.
The cockerel’s splendid red cockscomb is thought to play a part in determining gender and breed.
The cockpit of the Spitfire was small and narrow.
The cockroach disappeared under Anna's dresser.
The cockroach fled under the bed.
The cockroach is a disgusting insect.
The cockroach is on the table.
The cockroaches died.
The cocktails at Benedito's restaurant are creative.
The cocktails at Benedito's restaurant are handcrafted.
The coconut is a symbol representing Lojban. It seems tasty, but inside it is empty.
The coconut trees are found along the vast lake shore.
The coconut trees surrounded the little hut.
The cod needs to be dried.
The code can't be cracked.
The code cannot be cracked.
The code compiled in just under an hour.
The code has yet to be deciphered.
The code name of the action is Tom Thumb.
The code you put on your safe doesn't matter, because any robber could crack it.
The code's more than 1,100 new articles would have increased women's rights by reforming laws with regards to land ownership, inheritance, education, employment and marriage.
The coelacanth inhabits the deep sea.
The coexistence of nationalism and Marxism dates back to the late interwar period.
The coffee I bought came in a pretty plastic cup.
The coffee I drank had hazelnut cream on top.
The coffee at Benedito's restaurant is strong and flavorful.
The coffee at that restaurant wasn't very good.
The coffee at this restaurant isn't very good.
The coffee break is an American institution.
The coffee bubbled in the pot.
The coffee could be a bit stronger.
The coffee doesn't taste very good today.
The coffee enabled me to stay awake during the dull concert.
The coffee has a nice aroma.
The coffee has been sitting too long.
The coffee has got to be as hot as a girl's kiss on the first date, as sweet as those nights in her arms, and as dark as the curse of her mother when she finds out.
The coffee has nice aroma.
The coffee has only been in the fridge for half an hour, so perhaps it still isn't completely cold.
The coffee has run out.
The coffee he drank was quite expensive.
The coffee here is too bitter.
The coffee in the café next door costs half as much.
The coffee is acceptable.
The coffee is all gone.
The coffee is bad.
The coffee is bitter because I didn't put any sugar in it.
The coffee is bitter.
The coffee is black.
The coffee is brewing.
The coffee is cold.
The coffee is excellent.
The coffee is for me and the tea is for you.
The coffee is great.
The coffee is here, it ended up frothy.
The coffee is hot.
The coffee is imported directly from the Netherlands.
The coffee is just a bit good.
The coffee is just a bit of good.
The coffee is just the way I like it.
The coffee is nasty.
The coffee is on me.
The coffee is only lukewarm.
The coffee is only small.
The coffee is outside the village.
The coffee is ready.
The coffee is so cold I can't drink it.
The coffee is sweet.
The coffee is sweetened.
The coffee is tasty.
The coffee is too bitter for me to drink.
The coffee is too bitter.
The coffee is too hot to drink.
The coffee is too hot.
The coffee is too strong for me.
The coffee is too strong.
The coffee is very hot.
The coffee is waking me up.
The coffee is weak today.
The coffee isn't helping.
The coffee machine has packed up.
The coffee machine is not working.
The coffee machine is on the blink.
The coffee machine is out of order.
The coffee machine isn't working.
The coffee machine needs descaling again.
The coffee machine's not working.
The coffee mill that I received does not work.
The coffee mug is black.
The coffee pot is empty.
The coffee pot is full of coffee.
The coffee scalded my tongue.
The coffee shop is about 600 metres from here.
The coffee shop is busy.
The coffee shop is closed while the air conditioning is under repair.
The coffee shop is haunted by aspiring artists.
The coffee shop is my favorite haunt.
The coffee shop is shut down for holidays.
The coffee shop was launched during the pandemic and has struggled to keep up with demand.
The coffee shop wasn't open Sunday morning. There was a scheduling error amongst the staff.
The coffee smelled strong and inviting.
The coffee smells good.
The coffee stain was difficult to remove.
The coffee table is dusty.
The coffee table was glossy black.
The coffee tastes bad.
The coffee tastes different today.
The coffee tastes excellent.
The coffee tastes funny today.
The coffee tastes like wash water.
The coffee tastes strange today.
The coffee tastes weird today.
The coffee warmed her up.
The coffee was bitter.
The coffee was delicious.
The coffee was delicious. Thank you.
The coffee was delicious; thank you.
The coffee was mediocre.
The coffee was not much to my liking.
The coffee was so hot that I could not drink it.
The coffee was so hot that I couldn't drink it up.
The coffee was so hot that I couldn't drink it.
The coffee was so hot that I couldn’t drink it up.
The coffee was so hot that I couldn’t drink it.
The coffee was so hot that I had to sip it.
The coffee was so hot that I nearly burned my tongue.
The coffee was too hot for me to drink.
The coffee was very hot.
The coffee will be ready soon.
The coffee's bitter aftertaste made me gag.
The coffee's cold.
The coffee's on me.
The coffee's ready, love.
The coffee's ready.
The coffee's run out.
The coffee-house is closed.
The coffeehouse is closed.
The coffeepot is boiling.
The coffin opened, and out climbed a vampire.
The coffin was empty.
The coffin was loaded into the hearse.
The cog-wheels are in gear.
The cogs are whirring loudly.
The cohousing arrangement resembled that of a commune in some respects.
The coin has been taken out of circulation.
The coin is 99.999 percent gold.
The coin is gold.
The coin is made of gold.
The coin is made out of gold.
The coin is silver.
The coin toss decides who will kick off the match.
The coin was struck by a die.
The coin's face depicts a javelin thrower.
The coins are made of metal.
The coins are metal.
The coins spilled everywhere on the floor.
The coins you throw into the fountain make your wishes come true!
The cola is sweet.
The cola made my tongue tingle.
The colander is recognized in the Czech Republic and New Zealand as religious headgear.
The cold air revived Tom.
The cold air revived her.
The cold air revived him.
The cold beer is all gone.
The cold beer is finished.
The cold can really take your breath away today!
The cold climate affected his health.
The cold constantly follows you.
The cold continued for three weeks.
The cold didn't seem to bother Tom at all.
The cold didn't seem to bother Tom in the least.
The cold doesn't seem to bother Tom as much as it bothers me.
The cold doesn't seem to bother Tom at all.
The cold doesn't seem to bother you as much as it bothers me.
The cold froze the water in the pipes.
The cold harms the roses.
The cold has affected me.
The cold has already struck us to the marrow.
The cold has calmed down a bit.
The cold has gripped me.
The cold has hit me.
The cold has returned.
The cold has ruined it!
The cold is biting.
The cold is intense.
The cold is making me tremble.
The cold is making my head hurt.
The cold is making you say things.
The cold is not excessive, if you are wrapped in furs – a dress which I have already adopted.
The cold is on its way.
The cold is piercing.
The cold is surprising for this time of year.
The cold is terrible this year.
The cold just grows stronger.
The cold lasted for three weeks.
The cold lasted three weeks.
The cold never bothered James.
The cold never bothered us anyway.
The cold night air hit Ziri's face.
The cold north wind turned the leaves brown.
The cold north wind was roaring outside.
The cold of autumn has set in.
The cold of the night isn’t very pleasant, is it?
The cold pierced her to the bone.
The cold reddened her legs.
The cold seeped into her bones.
The cold soon penetrated his quilted jacket.
The cold spell slowed the growth of the rice plants.
The cold this morning pierced you to the bone.
The cold this morning was piercing to the bone.
The cold was so great that she could see her own breath come out of her mouth like steam.
The cold was the worst in fifty years.
The cold weather continued for three weeks.
The cold weather extended into April.
The cold weather has turned the leaves red.
The cold weather is back.
The cold weather is expected to last until the weekend.
The cold weather is here.
The cold weather is on its way.
The cold weather is terrible, isn't it?
The cold weather kept us indoors.
The cold weather lasted for three weeks.
The cold weather lasted three weeks.
The cold weather may keep the plants from budding.
The cold weather slowed the growth of the rice plants.
The cold weather's here.
The cold wind bit her cheeks.
The cold wind blew in her face.
The cold wind chilled the traveler.
The cold wind cut me to the bone.
The cold wind cut through his coat.
The cold wind is blowing from the sea.
The cold wind is blowing in, close the window.
The cold wind made Mary's cheeks red.
The cold wind pained the tramp terribly.
The cold winds froze my skin and hollowed out my soul.
The cold winter is near, a snowstorm will come. Come into my warm home, my friend. Welcome! Come here, sing and dance, eat and drink. That is my plan. We have water, beer and milk fresh from the cow. Oh, and hot soup!
The cold winter will soon be over.
The cold winter wind was definitely a disincentive to cycling.
The cold winter wind wasn't really an incentive to cycling.
The cold won't harm these animals.
The colder it got, the more I wanted a jumper.
The coldest place in Canada is the research base Eureka, in Nunavut.
The coldest temperature ever recorded in Canada was −63 °C in Snag, Yukon.
The coldest winter I ever spent was a summer in San Francisco.
The colds that are about at the moment are not serious.
The collaboration between Tom and Mary is not going very smoothly.
The collaboration between these somewhat eccentric men was filled with strain and compromise on both sides, but in the end they appear to have gotten on well.
The collaboration between two leading universities yielded significant results.
The collapse of colonialism and communism has allowed more people than ever before to live with the freedom to choose their leaders.
The collapse of the Algerian government will draw in all of the country's enemies.
The collapse of the United States has begun.
The collapse of the bridge has also wakened officials all over the country to the threat posed by bridges and other vital infrastructure that might be cracked or showing signs of fatigue as well as to the need for new inspections.
The collapse of the new concrete platform killed four workers.
The collapse of the wave function is one of the most intriguing phenomena studied by Quantum Mechanics. Not even Einstein understood it.
The collar broke off and the dog ran away.
The collar chafed her neck.
The collar doesn't fit.
The collar fits properly.
The collar is a little bit big.
The collar is a little bit oversized.
The collar is choking the dog.
The collar is much better fit.
The collar is oversized.
The collar is properly fit.
The collar is too tight on the dog.
The collar is too tight round my throat.
The collar is worn out.
The collar slipped down.
The collards that you gave me yesterday were delicious.
The colleague whose husband is French has left for Paris.
The collection is constantly updated.
The collection is open to the public.
The collection of taxes is well organized.
The collection of the ballots took ten minutes.
The collection of wristwatches is a hobby.
The collection will go toward charity work at two South American orphanages.
The collective commitment of the UK, Canada, and Australia to participate in the US's aggressive interventions suggests that they should seriously evaluate the proposition of establishing a global Anglo-Saxon union to enforce their combined "civilized" global hegemony.
The collective farm settlements known as kibbutzim are making a comeback. The isolation and outdoors lifestyle of the kibbutz is what draws many young Israelis.
The collector donated his whole collection to the city museum.
The college accepted him as a student.
The college bestowed an honorary degree on him.
The college breaks up on Tuesday.
The college did not allow Ziri to come onto campus.
The college granted him a scholarship.
The college has a placement bureau for students.
The college is accredited nationally.
The college is affiliated with the university.
The college is close to the metro.
The college offers summer courses.
The college song reminds me of the good old days.
The college was established in 1857.
The college was founded by Mr Smith.
The collider has massive detectors that fill cathedral-sized rooms at intervals along the ring. Some 6,000 super-conducting magnets guide the beams. Evans says 50,000 tons of equipment will have to be cooled down to temperatures that are colder than that of outer space.
The collision caused Damiano to fall off the truck.
The collision killed the engine.
The colloquial sentences added to Tatoeba seem to be of great help to immigrants who are trying to understand why language lessons teach an entirely different language than the one that people actually speak.
The colonel is a fair person. He'd never do what you say he did.
The colonel is innocent.
The colonel ordered the legionnaires to torture Rima.
The colonial authorities are doing nothing to improve the health care of the local population.
The colonial horde repressed, in blood, with unprecedented violence, a peaceful rally organized to prevent the gathering of the criminal Ali Benflis.
The colonial wealth rested on trade.
The colonies became independent states over the course of time.
The colonists bartered with the natives for fur.
The colonists in North America in seventeen sixty-three were very different from those who had settled there more than one hundred years before. They had different ideas. They had come to consider their colonial legislatures as smaller, but similar to the British Parliament in London. These smaller parliaments had helped the colonists rule themselves for more than one hundred years. The colonists began to feel that their legislatures should also have the powers that the British Parliament had.
The colonization of America cost the lives of millions of natives.
The colonnade of the basilica of Saint Peter is truly grand and beautiful.
The colony declared independence and became a republic.
The colony declared independence.
The colony declared its independence.
The colony failed.
The colony has not declared independence as yet.
The colony of Haiti declared its independence in 1804.
The colony was destroyed.
The colony was not adequately supported and quickly fell prey to armed incursions, ending the empire's colonial endeavors in that region.
The colony was unsuccessful.
The color I like most is blue.
The color I like most is green.
The color I like most is orange.
The color I like most is red.
The color blue is often associated with cold temperatures, water, and conservative politics.
The color choices are impeccable.
The color doesn't matter to me, just bring me a pen.
The color doesn't suit me.
The color drained from Tom's face.
The color goes against her taste.
The color green doesn't symbolize jealousy in all countries.
The color green has calming qualities.
The color green is often associated with Esperanto.
The color green is often associated with environmentalism.
The color green is often associated with money and the world of finance, because banknotes in many countries are green.
The color green is often associated with money.
The color has come out well.
The color has faded.
The color is a bit too dark.
The color is a little too dark.
The color is beautiful.
The color is lovely.
The color is nice.
The color is purple rather than pink.
The color is spectacular.
The color is thickly laid on.
The color isn't me.
The color of an object is actually the color of the light reflected while all other colors are absorbed.
The color of her dress and that of her shoes go well together.
The color of her eyes is blue.
The color of his skin went back to normal.
The color of lilac is named after the lilac flower.
The color of my shoes is brown.
The color of my skirt is purple.
The color of pure elemental carbon is black, and that is why most recipes for ink use ingredients containing carbon.
The color of that tie does not match the suit.
The color of the bedspread you gave me is really nice.
The color of the car you're going to buy is black.
The color of the carpet is in harmony with the wall.
The color of the computer is red.
The color of the fabric is blue.
The color of the leaves is beautiful.
The color of the poppy is red.
The color of the shirt held fast.
The color of the sky is blue.
The color of the sugar darkened.
The color of the wall clashes with that of the floor.
The color of this stratum stands out from the rest of the cliff face.
The color of this tie doesn't go with your suit.
The color of your skin shouldn't matter.
The color orange was named after the fruit.
The color palette you've chosen for this set is exceptional.
The color ran when the dress was washed.
The color red can be associated with left-wing politics, fire, heat, blood, or undesirable events.
The color red is beautiful, but it can't beat blue.
The color red is like a beacon of passion, radiating a warmth and energy that invigorates and energizes.
The color red is often used in signs or warnings to indicate actions or states that are undesirable.
The color slowly came back to Tom's face.
The color was faded due to the sun.
The color was faded from sunlight.
The color was faded from the sun.
The color went beautifully with her hair.
The color white is a symbol of purity.
The color will not go away, even with washing.
The color will not go off.
The color won't fade, even in the wash.
The color won't fade.
The color won’t fade.
The colorful balloon burst loudly.
The colorful hues of icebergs result from the interplay of light with dense ice, ice crystals, and algal growth.
The colorful self-portrait of Frida Kahlo sitting on the edge of a bed in one of her well-known long peasant dresses with a dog by her side is one of her better known works.
The colorful traditional attire worn in different regions of India reflects the nation's vibrant tapestry of cultures.
The colors are gorgeous.
The colors are pretty.
The colors are vivid.
The colors don't mingle well.
The colors don’t mingle well.
The colors in this picture are beautiful.
The colors of Italian flag are white, red and green.
The colors of her dress and shoes go well together.
The colors of the American flag are red, white and blue.
The colors of the Filipino flag don't look like that.
The colors of the Italian flag are green, white, and red.
The colors of the classrooms are blue and green.
The colors of the club are blue and black.
The colors of the flag have meaning as well.
The colors of the pattern are very ordinary.
The colors of the sea and sky blend smoothly into one another.
The colors of the sea and the sky blend into each other.
The colors of the sea and the sky blend into one another.
The colors of this painting are very bright.
The colors on this plant aren't very bright.
The colors shade from yellow into green.
The colour I like most is orange.
The colour and make of the president's car are?
The colour and make of the president’s car are?
The colour drained from Tom's face.
The colour drained from her face at the news of the traffic accident.
The colour fuchsia is named after a flower.
The colour green meaning jealousy isn't international.
The colour heliotrope was named for its similarity to the pink-purple flowers of a common variety of heliotrope plant.
The colour is a bit too dark.
The colour is beautiful.
The colour is lovely.
The colour is nice.
The colour of Esperanto is green.
The colour of a ruby can vary from a fiery orange-red to a deep purple or crimson.
The colour of purple rice, also known as black rice, comes from anthocyanins.
The colour of some hydrangeas is determined by the pH value of the soil: the more acidic it is, the bluer the flowers are.
The colour of the bedlinen is a bit garish, but it'll fade in the wash.
The colour of the bedlinen is a bit loud, but it'll fade in the wash.
The colour of the flower is magenta.
The colour of the poppy is red.
The colour of the sea varies between deep blue and dark green.
The colour of the shirt has faded.
The colour peach is a cute colour, isn't it?
The colour peach is cute, isn't it?
The colour pink is a cute colour, isn't it?
The colour pink is cute, isn't it?
The colour won't fade.
The colours are richer now. The Italian flag no longer looks like a faded French flag.
The colours are vivid.
The colours of her dress and shoes go well together.
The colours of the napkins are the same, but the sizes are not.
The colt reared and threw the tall rider.
The colt was finally able to stand and followed tottering after its mother.
The coltsfoot is a flower with yellow petals.
The column is cylindrical.
The columnist raked up some old gossip.
The columns are made of reinforced concrete.
The columns collapsed under the weight.
The columns of the periodic table are called groups and the rows are called periods.
The columns were made of marble.
The coma and the nucleus together form the comet's head.
The combative patient was given a tranquilizer.
The combination is 10-42-30.
The combination is a tactical maneuver, with material sacrifice, aiming to obtain some advantage in the short or long term.
The combination is the poetry of chess.
The combination leaves a bad taste in the mouth.
The combination of early, cold and dark is absolutely not my thing.
The combination of early, cold and dark is really not my cup of tea.
The combination of these factors has led to an interesting result.
The comedian told a humorless joke.
The comedians were talking explicitly about sex.
The comedown always sucks.
The comet created excitement among astronomers because it passed very close to Mars.
The comet leaves a trail of light behind it as it moves.
The comet passes Earth once every 900 years.
The comet was first spotted by amateur astronomer Michael Mattiazzo.
The comet will be seen in the sky for several days.
The comet will wipe out mankind.
The comets that we see often — every 100 years — come from the Kuiper Belt.
The comets that we see rarely — every few thousand years — come from the Oort Cloud.
The comfort station offered a much-needed respite from the scorching sun.
The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.
The comic book that Tomoko lent me was not at all interesting.
The comic books were piled on the desk.
The comic downloader that I wrote will be released this Sunday.
The comic scenes in the play were overdone.
The coming days will be difficult.
The coming four to six weeks will be decisive in bringing the huge ebola epidemic under control.
The coming night will be the longest of the year.
The coming of chaos is inevitable.
The coming winter will be harsh.
The coming winter would be one they would not soon forget.
The comma before "wenn" is missing.
The comma is missing.
The comma is superfluous, I think.
The comma is superfluous.
The comma isn't needed.
The comma must go, in any case.
The command of communication skills in multiple languages is essential to any company providing goods and services on the world market.
The command of the Hafsids declined and the Spanish managed to capture many North African cities.
The commandant decided that everyone had to leave the ship.
The commander called reinforcements up.
The commander exposed his men to gunfire.
The commander gave orders that his men fire at once.
The commander is not to be trifled with.
The commander of the admiral's fleet was Admiral Nagumo.
The commander of the unit has given the order to lay down the weapons.
The commander refused to negotiate.
The commander said they would stay.
The commander was roaring at his soldiers.
The commander's name was Lord Charles Cornwallis. Both he and George Washington had about eight thousand troops when they met near Yorktown. Cornwallis was expecting more troops to arrive on British ships.
The commanding officer led his army into enemy territory.
The commanding officer marched, with soldiers following behind.
The commandments and the ordinances of the Lord were written on the tablets of your hearts.
The commando closed in on Ivan.
The commemorative ceremony ended with the closing address.
The comment didn't go over well with her parents.
The comment section is a microcosm of the larger cultural debate taking place.
The comment you made at the party about Lisa's weight was totally unnecessary.
The commentator began yelling when the referee gave the defender a second yellow card.
The commercial featured LGBTQ-friendly clothing for children.
The commissar interrogated her.
The commissar interrogated him.
The commission concluded that the answer was no.
The commission has been asked to ascertain the origin, authenticity and purpose of the unsigned memo delivered in May to Admiral Mike Mullen, then the top U.S military official.
The commission has promised to take action soon.
The commission is perfectly capable of finding a solution to this disaster.
The commission said the researchers failed to act in accordance with "minimal respect of human rights" and that the work was sloppily done and ethically objectionable.
The commission took no action.
The commissioner for fundamental rights and their substitutes are not allowed to be members of a party and not allowed to engage in political action.
The commissioner for fundamental rights gives a report to the parliament every year on its actions.
The commissioner said Italy is facing an emergency without precedent and everyone must do their utmost to ensure that “this emergency does not spread to those regions where so far it has been contained.”
The commitment to green technology is also evident in the city's convention center — the main summit venue — which has won awards for its environmentally-friendly construction and design.
The commitment to holding war criminals responsible must remain unwavering.
The committee accepted my proposal.
The committee accepted the proposal.
The committee adjourned for two weeks.
The committee adjourned to another hall.
The committee adopted the plan.
The committee approved the addition.
The committee approved the budget.
The committee approved the draft budget.
The committee approved the proposal.
The committee are all against it.
The committee are all for the plan.
The committee are all present.
The committee bestowed a medal on him.
The committee called on all nations to work side-by-side to curb air pollution.
The committee can only act in an advisory capacity.
The committee comprises ten members.
The committee consists of eight members.
The committee consists of fifteen people.
The committee consists of five members.
The committee consists of four members.
The committee consists of scientists and engineers.
The committee consists of seven scholars.
The committee consists of twelve members.
The committee decided not to decide anything.
The committee decided to call off the strike.
The committee divided into five sections.
The committee eagerly welcomed her as chairperson.
The committee elected him chairperson.
The committee got down to business after coffee.
The committee had a long session.
The committee has failed many students.
The committee has not yet arrived at a decision.
The committee has something to do with this plan.
The committee has ten members.
The committee held a discussion on the problem of education.
The committee inquired into the cause of the accident.
The committee is composed chiefly of professors.
The committee is composed of five students.
The committee is composed of teachers and parents.
The committee is composed of three men and seven women.
The committee is comprised of ten members.
The committee is discussing social welfare.
The committee is expected to announce its decision by Monday.
The committee is made up of fifteen members.
The committee is made up of ten members.
The committee killed the bill.
The committee lifted the sanctions.
The committee man is a dentist in private life.
The committee meeting is held twice per month.
The committee meeting was postponed for two weeks.
The committee meets today at four.
The committee meets twice a month.
The committee members are all men.
The committee members are all present.
The committee met Monday morning.
The committee met and discussed whom to appoint to the post.
The committee met behind closed doors.
The committee passed the bill.
The committee picked the site for the exhibition.
The committee proposed almost forty changes.
The committee recommends devolution of regulatory power to the provinces.
The committee rejected the proposal on the ground that it was impractical.
The committee returned to their seats.
The committee stayed up late last night trying to work out measures that would please everyone.
The committee thanked Tom for his work.
The committee that selects the eventual Nobel Peace laureate does not disclose the names of the nominees to the news media or to the candidates.
The committee turned down our proposal.
The committee voted against the proposition.
The committee was composed entirely of young teachers.
The committee was not disposed to hold another meeting.
The committee was postponed for two weeks.
The committee was split over the project.
The committee was summoned at once.
The committee were discussing the problem.
The committee will announce its decision next Monday.
The committee will be opposed to the proposal.
The committee will consider your proposal at the next meeting.
The committee will meet next Friday.
The committee will meet next Monday.
The committee would like me to have someone to whom I can direct questions or go to for guidance about the city and its resources; I believe, therefore, that you would be a very good match.
The common Judean was typically a Pharisee, while the elite gravitated towards the Sadducees.
The common adder is ovoviviparous.
The common cold is an illness.
The common denominator of a half and a third would be six.
The common denominator of all her troubles is her lies.
The common facilities are centrally located.
The common fish swims beautifully.
The common hamster creates a complex system of burrows.
The common hoopoe is recognisable by its elongate body; long, slender, slightly curved, and pointed beak (which is much compressed at its sides); and short powerful foot armed with blunt claws.
The common housefly is unwelcome around food because flies can carry disease-causing germs. Now, scientists have shown that the insects can also spread food poisoning bacteria to chickens in poultry houses. As a result, they say flies are a threat to the safety of poultry products.
The common inability of the hypomanic patient to hold his attention to any subject when another is open, is very like the distractibility of the child who turns to every new interest as it is presented.
The common interests of the many should outweigh the individual interest of the few.
The common language of many Asians is English.
The common language of many anime is subtitles.
The common mechanism for binding of the HMG-CoA to the lipoprotein is not thought to be relevant to testosterone action in other tissues.
The common rooms were initially designed with fireplaces, however are no longer in used.
The common state of this matter is solid.
The common-law explanation is rather complex and better left to the professionals.
The commotion ended with a gunshot.
The commotion outside was caused by the legionnaires, executing an Algerian independence fighter.
The communal aerial on our block of flats was struck by lightning.
The commune distributed the food fairly.
The communication of news by TV and radio is very common now.
The communication recently has been lost with the team.
The communication systems are down.
The communications were ratty though because the shuttle is being obscured by the station.
The communion service must be conducted by an ordained pastor, minister or church elder.
The communist central economic control and the communist way of thinking destroyed the country.
The communist forces quickly defeated the Marines.
The communist gave in to his tough opponent at last.
The communist got his dependable supporter at last.
The communists called each other "comrades".
The communists ruled Afghanistan with Soviet support.
The communists under Vladimir Lenin seized power soon after and formed the USSR.
The communists who helped depose the Shah were purged by the Ayatollahs in the 1980s.
The community came together to build a new playground for the kids.
The community centre will be hosting a roller-skating night on Thursdays to raise money for a charitable cause.
The community established some norms.
The community feels that Lisa and Mark are bad parents.
The community fees are very low.
The community is insular but harmless.
The community is made up of individuals.
The community is quite closed off and is known to shun outsiders.
The community laid down some rules.
The community lives almost exclusively from tourism.
The community meets every Wednesday at the city hall.
The community of the honorable is a refuge of kindness.
The community pastor wasn't a fiery preacher, but rather a talkative windbag and bore.
The community scheme has run up against local opposition.
The community shunned him.
The community support was amazing.
The community underwent a schism.
The community was organized and close-knit.
The community were shocked when they heard about the violent attack.
The community will benefit from the new industry.
The community’s good.
The compact edition costs less.
The compact edition doesn't cost as much.
The compact edition is a lower price.
The compact edition is cheaper.
The compact edition is inexpensive.
The compact edition is low price.
The compact edition is low priced.
The compact edition is lower priced.
The companies are working on a mobile network and robotic vehicles that are part of a private expedition to the moon, timed to coincide with the 50th anniversary year of the first manned lunar landing.
The companies have lobbied hard to water down the requirements in the law.
The companies will compete to design and develop systems for the agency’s Artemis program, which has the goal of landing men and women on the surface of the moon for the first time since the 1970s.
The companions and the groom compete in praising the bride.
The company Carlos founded was focused on creating sustainable products.
The company I work for isn't doing so well this year.
The company I worked for was downsizing. Unfortunately, I lost my job.
The company Tom used to work for went bankrupt.
The company Tom was working for declared bankruptcy.
The company abandoned that project.
The company accepted his application.
The company accountant was sent to jail for cooking the books.
The company acted responsibly.
The company aims to branch out into China.
The company also admitted to violating federal law by “knowingly and intentionally” conspiring to “aid and abet” the dispensing of medication from doctors “without a legitimate medical purpose.”
The company also announced this year that it will acquire U.S. grocer Whole Foods, which could help expand Amazon's online food-shopping services.
The company also markets various personal care products and dietary supplements.
The company also offers areas to work, as well as armchairs, newspapers and coffee for those not wishing to sleep.
The company also sells new and previously used items online.
The company always strives to satisfy its customers.
The company announced a profit of $200 million after tax.
The company announced hundreds of layoffs.
The company announced that it would be laying off 30% of its employees.
The company appealed for people to take voluntary resignation.
The company appreciates Carlos's contributions as a skilled worker.
The company appreciates the creativity and innovation that Carlos brings as an employee.
The company appreciates the dedication and commitment that Carlos shows as an employee.
The company asked for assessment of the student before giving the job to him.
The company asked for two copies of my C.V.
The company asked the bank to loan them some money to buy new machinery.
The company assures service without interruption at noon.
The company bankrupted many families.
The company basically treated its workers like serfs - controlling nearly every aspect of their lives.
The company bought shares in the venture.
The company bought their fiercest competitor.
The company called in all the baby food made in July.
The company canceled the project.
The company cancelled the meeting.
The company cancelled the project.
The company claims that the delay was unintentional.
The company claims the delay was unintentional.
The company closes its books at the end of March.
The company continued to grow.
The company couldn't cope with sudden changes.
The company couldn't fill my order.
The company couldn’t cope with sudden changes.
The company couldn’t fill my order.
The company crafted a new product.
The company created a focus group to handle grievances.
The company deals in a variety of products.
The company deals in various goods.
The company decided to farm out the maintenance to a subcontractor.
The company decided to hire two new secretaries.
The company decided to skimp on the quality of its products to boost the profit margin.
The company develops new products every other month.
The company did not admit liability.
The company did not immediately know how to ward off these attacks.
The company didn't admit liability.
The company didn't admit wrongdoing.
The company didn't immediately respond to requests for comment.
The company didn't make any effort to improve its business practices.
The company didn't respond to requests for comment.
The company didn’t make any effort to improve its business practices.
The company director elections were really something this time.
The company does not have a good chance of survival.
The company drew back from the project.
The company dropped five employees.
The company earned $300 million on sales of $4,000 million.
The company employed him as a consultant.
The company employs 22 full-time staff.
The company employs 500 workers.
The company employs new staff seasonally.
The company engaged him as a consultant.
The company engaged him as an advisor.
The company entered the market with an aggressive pricing strategy.
The company expanded rapidly, opening several new branches in different cities.
The company exploited its workers through low wages.
The company exploited its workers with low pay.
The company faced a major interruption in business when a fire destroyed their archive of computer hard drives and optical discs.
The company filed for bankruptcy.
The company finance manager is Mary.
The company folded because of the economic crisis.
The company footprint is minimal.
The company gained more customers.
The company gave him a gold watch in acknowledgement of his services.
The company gave him a large enough pension to live on.
The company gave him enough pension to live on.
The company gave out a press release.
The company had come to a halt, more sober men, as you may guess, than when they started.
The company had just cut his pay, leaving him struggling to afford basic expenses in Suwon, a city on the southern outskirts of Seoul.
The company had to hire new staff.
The company had to let many of its employees go.
The company has a capital of 500,000 pounds.
The company has a capital of a million dollars.
The company has a catchy slogan.
The company has a contract with the supplier.
The company has a monopoly on the nation's tobacco business.
The company has a monopoly on the nation’s tobacco business.
The company has already established its fame as a robot manufacturing company.
The company has been infiltrated by people working—wittingly or unwittingly—for China.
The company has branches in 12 European countries.
The company has branches in all large cities.
The company has branches in twelve European countries.
The company has changed hands at least three times.
The company has changed hands three times.
The company has consistently shown a callous disregard for the law.
The company has cut a figure in the computer industry.
The company has decided to employ two new secretaries.
The company has decided to expand its business to Germany.
The company has decided to sell some of its money-losing units.
The company has entered into $70.0 million of material long-term non-cancelable materials and supply purchase obligations.
The company has found a gap in the market with its new product.
The company has gone bankrupt.
The company has growing pains now.
The company has hard and fast rules against lateness.
The company has implemented robust security measures to protect sensitive customer data.
The company has one stakeholder, who is also its only employee.
The company has ordered a hundred fifty tonnes of sheet iron.
The company has purchased a new computer system.
The company has rapidly branched out from its previous core business in recent years.
The company has responded to the appeal and will make a donation of twenty-five thousand euros.
The company has sent Tom to Australia.
The company has sent Tom to Boston.
The company has sent several representatives to discuss the matter.
The company has seven ships.
The company has spent a lot of money on advertising.
The company has teamed up with the National Alliance for Mental Illness, or NAMI, to offer a questionnaire to people who search for the word "depression" on Google's website.
The company has three hospitals of its own.
The company has tried to get some employees to resign by dangling one year's pay in front of them.
The company has unofficially decided to employ me.
The company he used to work for went into bankruptcy last month.
The company he worked for closed and he's still out of work.
The company he works for is closing.
The company headquarters is in Paris.
The company headquarters is in the capital.
The company hired a temporary office assistant.
The company hopes to have its product commercially available early this year.
The company hopes to make these watermarks difficult to remove.
The company ignores the law when it stands in the way of profits.
The company incurred a deficit of $400 million during the first quarter.
The company introduced Japanese methods into its business.
The company invested a lot of money in this project.
The company invited their prospective customers to the party.
The company is 51% owned by American capital.
The company is a producer and distributor of television programming.
The company is an attractive employer.
The company is at the end of its rope.
The company is attempting to stagger work hours.
The company is bankrupt.
The company is based here in Algeria.
The company is bleeding money.
The company is bringing out a new kind of sports car.
The company is caught up in a serious business slump.
The company is equally owned by the two groups.
The company is experiencing difficulties.
The company is experiencing growing pains now.
The company is fortunate to have such a talented employee as Carlos.
The company is girding for an initial public offering to raise funds.
The company is grateful for the contributions that Carlos makes as an employee.
The company is growing fast.
The company is hemorrhaging money.
The company is in debt.
The company is in deficit.
The company is in financial difficulties.
The company is in financial trouble.
The company is in the red.
The company is incorporated in Japan.
The company is listed on the Paris stock exchange.
The company is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
The company is located in the suburbs of Boston.
The company is located in the suburbs of Osaka.
The company is located on the West Coast.
The company is losing momentum.
The company is losing money heavily.
The company is losing money.
The company is lucky to have such a committed employee as Carlos.
The company is lucky to have such a dedicated employee as Carlos.
The company is managed by my elder brother.
The company is managed by my older brother.
The company is now actively hiring new employees.
The company is on the verge of bankruptcy.
The company is open for equity participation by anybody.
The company is operating under joint Sino-Japanese management.
The company is our wholly-owned subsidiary.
The company is owned by a group of entrepreneurs who started it right after the war.
The company is promoting a new car on TV.
The company is registered in Algeria.
The company is running so well, it's unnerving.
The company is running so well, it’s unnerving.
The company is showing signs of decay.
The company is slowly crumbling apart.
The company is solving the digital security problem.
The company is starting to implement the new management system from next month.
The company is still beset by technical challenges.
The company is still smarting from the revelations.
The company is struggling for survival.
The company is trying to burnish its image after the scandal.
The company is trying to improve its image.
The company is turning to export markets to make up for a decline in domestic sales.
The company is undercutting the whole tech industry.
The company is violating multiple labor laws.
The company is wholly owned by the local government.
The company is winding down its operations in China.
The company is working on diversification of its products.
The company isn't far from where I live.
The company issued a press release.
The company lacks leadership.
The company laid off five people.
The company laid off hundreds of its workers due to financial problems.
The company laid off twenty percent of its work force; therefore, expenses decreased.
The company logo is light blue.
The company lost a lot of corporate memory when it retrenched a number of middle managers.
The company made a big loss in the previous quarter.
The company made most of its employees redundant.
The company makes vegan ground beef that tastes just like the real thing.
The company managed to keep afloat.
The company manager decided on the work plan.
The company manufactures a variety of paper goods.
The company manufactures a wide variety of musical instruments.
The company manufactures electrical goods.
The company markets its goods in Africa.
The company mass marketed the new product through radio and television.
The company medical treatment insurance covered all the medical treatment costs.
The company moved its corporate domicile to Hong Kong for tax purposes.
The company needs to make cutbacks next year.
The company never really recovered.
The company not employs a psychoanalyst.
The company offered me a generous package.
The company offers rebates and incentives for water-saving devices, including low-flow toilets. It also encourages the use of outdoor sprinkler controllers that cut back on water use in the rainy season.
The company offers turnkey solutions for small businesses.
The company once again went into the red. It is beyond saving.
The company ordered a larger number of fast computers.
The company overstated its profits.
The company owner had great faith in Tom's discretionary abilities, so he was granted the authority to exercise his own judgment in handling difficult and sensitive problems as he saw fit.
The company paid for Tom's trip to Boston.
The company pays me 100,000 yen in various allowances a month in addition to the regular salary.
The company picnic was a great opportunity for employees to bond and have fun.
The company places its focus on innovation.
The company places its main focus on innovation.
The company plans to close its U.S. sales unit in New York.
The company plans to divest its non-core assets.
The company plans to expand abroad.
The company plans to sell the new product for $1,000.
The company presented a three-act play.
The company presented him with a gold watch on the day he retired.
The company president has hired a headhunter to find us a new sales manager.
The company president touched on a rude topic at the meeting.
The company president was indicted for paying kickbacks.
The company president's welcome was so long that we were squeezed for time in the second half of the ceremony.
The company president’s welcome was so long that we were squeezed for time in the second half of the ceremony.
The company produces soy sauce and other food products.
The company promotes a positive work culture that values workers like Carlos.
The company provides benefits to workers like Carlos, such as health insurance and paid time off.
The company provides health and life insurance benefits for all of its employees.
The company provides health care and life insurance benefits for all of its employees.
The company provides them with uniforms.
The company provides training opportunities for workers like Carlos to improve their skills.
The company provides workers uniforms, but it's expected they will wash them regularly.
The company published a new magazine.
The company raised money for new computers.
The company rarely innovated, but frequently copied the competition.
The company really made Vladimir famous.
The company recalled all the baby food made in July.
The company recalled the defective products.
The company recognizes Carlos's dedication to his work.
The company recognizes and appreciates the hard work that Carlos puts in as an employee.
The company recognizes the commitment and dedication that Carlos has shown as an employee.
The company rejected his request for a transfer.
The company released a new and improved version of their product.
The company released a press release.
The company relies on workers like Carlos to keep the production line running smoothly.
The company relocated its headquarters to Dallas.
The company replied that the directors' compensation was consistent with industry standards.
The company reported record profits in 2012.
The company requested two copies of my résumé.
The company rewarded him with promotion.
The company rewards workers like Carlos who exceed expectations.
The company ruined many families.
The company said 450 additional jobs will be created when it moves axle production for its full-size pickup trucks to Michigan from Mexico.
The company said that it will fully participate in any and all investigations regarding the matter.
The company said the video was meant to celebrate diversity — the caption called it a “beautiful confluence of two different religions, traditions and cultures.”
The company saved millions on its corporation tax bill.
The company saw a spike in sales after the ad campaign.
The company says it must pare its workforce to the “absolute minimum needed to maintain operations.”
The company says the transistors in its next generation of processors will be made using hafnium, a kind of metal, instead of silicon.
The company scooped up reams of personal data.
The company scrambled to stay afloat.
The company seeks international accreditation.
The company sent Tom to Boston last month.
The company sent out a memo with an apology for the mistake.
The company shares give a high yield.
The company shares stories that unify its values.
The company shelved plans to expand into Asia.
The company should give back something in return for this service.
The company siloed its departments, leading to poor communication.
The company sold a 100 yen hamburger and a 120 yen coffee and attracted a lot of customers.
The company specialized in industry-specific solutions, strategic outsourcing and integration services.
The company specializes in reproductions and interpretations of antique jewelry designs.
The company spends a lot of money on advertising.
The company stands for free trade.
The company stopped losing money.
The company stormed the market with its innovative products.
The company suffered a 15% drop in sales.
The company suffered a great loss.
The company suffered a heavy loss.
The company suffered a loss of one billion yen last year.
The company suffered big losses.
The company suffered much damage.
The company that Tom used to work for went bankrupt.
The company thinks their new product is going to sell like hot cakes.
The company took action against its former accountant.
The company took advantage of applicants by offering them low wages.
The company turned him down for no apparent reason.
The company turned to the Algerian state for help.
The company values the enthusiasm and dedication that Carlos brings as an employee.
The company values the ideas and perspectives that Carlos brings as an employee.
The company values the integrity and honesty that Carlos demonstrates as an employee.
The company values the leadership skills that Carlos brings as an employee.
The company values workers like Carlos who are willing to go above and beyond for the company.
The company values workers like Carlos who show initiative.
The company want to employ twenty people.
The company wants to employ 20 people.
The company wants to hire 20 people.
The company was able to ramp up sales by hiring more employees and streamlining working practices.
The company was absorbed into a big business.
The company was an offshoot of his original start-up.
The company was established in 1950 by the incumbent chairman.
The company was forced into bankruptcy.
The company was forced to lay off many employees.
The company was founded in 1974.
The company was founded in Boston in 2013.
The company was founded in the nineteenth century.
The company was in the red and went under.
The company was in want of money.
The company was inundated with lawsuits.
The company was on the verge of bankruptcy.
The company was purchased by a group of Hong Kong investors.
The company was started with $100,000 in capital.
The company was transferred to a new man.
The company welcomes feedback from consumers who use their products.
The company went after its no. 1 customer complaint: power outages.
The company went after its no. 1 customer gripe: power outages.
The company went bankrupt last year.
The company went bankrupt.
The company went bankrupt. We laid off all of the employees.
The company went bust, owing millions of dollars in unpaid wages and unfilled orders.
The company went into large-scale production.
The company went out of business after many years of declining profits.
The company went public and became listed on the stock exchange in 1990.
The company where Tom and Mary work is losing money.
The company where Tom works is losing money.
The company will advertise its new product on television.
The company will begin distribution of the new drug next month.
The company will capture part of a used rocket using what is described as a "tentacle," and then dragging it down for reentry.
The company will hold a presentation of the new model tomorrow.
The company will never recover after that last bungle.
The company will release the new drug next month.
The company will soon be insolvent.
The company will soon go bankrupt.
The company withdrew from the project.
The company's advertising budget has been increasing steadily year after year.
The company's analysis shows that in over 60% of all accidents in the past ten years, the behavior of the flight crew was the dominant cause.
The company's annual holiday party was always a highlight of the year for Carlos.
The company's archives have survived.
The company's board of directors was made up of experienced businessmen.
The company's capital expenditure program is set to be 10 billion yen for this year.
The company's competitive edge will be eroded if system engineers continue to leave.
The company's core values were reflected in everything it did.
The company's cost-cutting measures included laying off 250 employees.
The company's customers were loyal and enthusiastic about its products.
The company's employees were passionate about their work and committed to the company's mission.
The company's established rules are very strict.
The company's exports to India amounted to $100 million last year.
The company's failed.
The company's financial year runs from April until March of the following year.
The company's fourth quarter results sharply improved from the preceding quarter.
The company's gamble paid off.
The company's going to go bankrupt really soon.
The company's head office is in Moscow.
The company's headquarters were located in a modern and stylish building.
The company's immediate priority is to expand the market share.
The company's insolvency forced it into receivership.
The company's insolvency forced it to file for bankruptcy.
The company's investors were impressed by its growth and profitability.
The company's journey to bankruptcy presented a cautionary tale on the pitfalls of corporate greed.
The company's labour costs in China have been so high that an unexpected China phenomenon is about to become the norm.
The company's latest product launch was a huge success thanks to Carlos's leadership.
The company's latest product was a collaboration between Carlos and his team.
The company's leadership team was made up of talented and experienced individuals.
The company's managers had a very lackadaisical attitude towards the safety of their workers.
The company's marketing department was responsible for promoting its products.
The company's mission statement was an important guiding principle for Carlos.
The company's new policy backfired in an unexpected way.
The company's president has come to a conclusion.
The company's profit amounted to $250 million before tax.
The company's profit is slowly dwindling away.
The company's profitability improved.
The company's profits have been increasing.
The company's profits soared.
The company's quarterly meetings were a chance for employees to share their progress and goals.
The company's sales increased steadily over the past few years.
The company's share price has fallen.
The company's social media presence was an important part of its marketing strategy.
The company's stock price jumped yesterday.
The company's success depends entirely on us.
The company's success is built on a bedrock of innovation.
The company's success was a testament to Carlos's hard work and dedication.
The company's training programs were designed to help employees grow and develop their skills.
The company's website was user-friendly and easy to navigate.
The company, although with some exceptions, usually utilizes its resources very well.
The company, which delivers billions of parcels each year, has a high carbon footprint based on the planes, trucks and cars it uses to transport items around the world.
The company, which employs 100 people, is struggling to find enough wood to make its products, as countries such as Brazil, China and Lithuania have raised prices from $1,382 per truckload earlier this year to $10,362.
The company, wholly owned by NTT, is doing well.
The company’s analysis shows that in over 60% of all accidents in the past ten years, the behavior of the flight crew was the dominant cause.
The company’s capital expenditure program is set to be 10 billion yen for this year.
The company’s competitive edge will be eroded if system engineers continue to leave.
The company’s exports to India amounted to $100 million last year.
The company’s financial year runs from April until March of the following year.
The company’s fourth quarter results sharply improved from the preceding quarter.
The company’s gamble paid off.
The company’s immediate priority is to expand the market share.
The company’s insolvency forced it into receivership.
The company’s insolvency forced it to file for bankruptcy.
The company’s managing director, Rajiv Bajaj says the car will be in the market sometime this year. It is being pitched as a replacement for the popular three-wheeled taxis known as auto rickshaws, which can be seen on the streets of many Indian cities.
The company’s profit amounted to $250 million before tax.
The company’s profitability improved.
The company’s profits have been increasing.
The company’s profits soared.
The company’s stock price jumped yesterday.
The company’s website is advertised in the newspaper.
The comparison between the two was to his disadvantage.
The comparison is apt.
The comparison is legitimate.
The comparison with the bed of Procrustes is suitable.
The compartment was occupied.
The compass is an instrument of torture that serves to pinch hands and poke holes in papers.
The compass needle kept slowly moving around.
The compass needle swung to the north.
The compass pointer always seeks north.
The compass points north because of the attractive force exerted by the Earth on that direction.
The compass points north.
The compass points to the north.
The compensation is going to be a heck of a lot of money.
The compensation is too low.
The compensation will be huge.
The compensation will be paid out as a lump sum.
The competition began that day.
The competition begins at 7 pm.
The competition has become fierce.
The competition is coming up and Daniel feels ready for it.
The competition is fierce.
The competition is getting tougher and tougher.
The competition is merciless.
The competition is next Friday.
The competition is next Monday.
The competition is pitiless.
The competition is stiff.
The competition is terrific.
The competition only lasted a few minutes.
The competition started.
The competition was absolutely amazing.
The competition was fierce.
The competition was held under the auspices of a well-known sports federation.
The competition was in four months.
The competition was pretty rough.
The competition was tough, but Mark had more than one trick up his sleeve to win the game.
The competition was unusually tough this time around.
The competition was very tough.
The competition will be intense.
The competition will be recorded.
The competition will take place at 7 pm.
The competitiveness of French companies continues to decrease.
The competitor twice jumped the gun.
The competitors both took medical timeouts in their final, grueling match on a sweltering summer day.
The complaint against Apple over patent infringements was filed by Motorola, owned by Google.
The complaint has been sent.
The complaint is under investigation.
The complaint was dismissed.
The complaints of the common folk are hardly ever heard by the government.
The complete booklet is available for free online.
The completion of the Suez canal was a colossal achievement.
The completion of the bronze statue did credit to the sculptor.
The complex houses married and single military staff and their families.
The complex houses married and single soldiers and their families.
The complex is powered by diesel generators.
The complex question disconcerted the student.
The compliment turned him red as a hot pepper.
The components obtained by distillation of coal tar are as shown below.
The composer Johann Sebastian Bach died in the year 1750.
The composer Johann Sebastian Bach passed away in the year 1750.
The composer is wrestling with the new music.
The composer of this work is the same who wrote the Slavonic March.
The composer was very proud of his new work.
The composer's phenomenal music is best listened with high-fidelity headphones.
The composition has been written hurriedly, so it's probably full of errors.
The composition of the writings in question, is of that kind that anybody might do it.
The composition of this painting is disgusting.
The composure with which she filled the throne, while waiting the Commons, was a test of character, — no fidget and no apathy.
The compressor is broken; we should buy a new one.
The compromise helped her save face.
The compromise was accepted.
The compromise which permits a smoker to smoke in the smoking corner was born after heated discussion.
The computer I have right now is perfectly good.
The computer age led to tide gauges that use microprocessor-based technologies.
The computer broke down.
The computer broke.
The computer can correct Leon’s navigation mistakes.
The computer can detect 200 types of error.
The computer can figure just as the human brain does.
The computer club at the local high school took over the whole IT system.
The computer completes tasks at unimaginable speeds without any error.
The computer controls everything.
The computer does not turn off anymore.
The computer doesn't recognize the flash drive.
The computer doesn't work.
The computer finally responded.
The computer finally turned off.
The computer froze up.
The computer granted Leon advanced user access.
The computer has a virus.
The computer has already surpassed man in the ability to play chess. And it won't take long to supplant them in the domain of languages as well.
The computer has already surpassed man in the ability to play chess. And within a short time, it will also supplant them in the domain of languages.
The computer has made a great impact on modern life.
The computer has stopped working.
The computer immediately aborted the procedure.
The computer industry is enjoying a boom.
The computer is a machine that allows one to write as quickly as they think.
The computer is a recent invention.
The computer is a relatively recent invention.
The computer is a tool that has great value in our life.
The computer is an instrument of major importance in our daily lives.
The computer is asking for a password I don't know.
The computer is broken again.
The computer is broken.
The computer is causing me issues.
The computer is causing me problems.
The computer is causing me trouble.
The computer is checking for updates.
The computer is full of games.
The computer is going to turn off in a few seconds.
The computer is in the library.
The computer is infected with a virus.
The computer is lagging.
The computer is malfunctioning.
The computer is new.
The computer is not working.
The computer is of great use.
The computer is off.
The computer is often compared to the human brain.
The computer is on the desk.
The computer is on your desk.
The computer is on.
The computer is placed to the left of the women.
The computer is rebooting.
The computer is red.
The computer is still on, is that okay?
The computer is switched off.
The computer is the logical extension of human beings: intelligence without morality.
The computer is to her left.
The computer is turned off.
The computer is undoubtedly a valuable tool.
The computer is up to date.
The computer keeps telling me that "an error has occurred", but I already know that!
The computer learns from its mistakes, quickly and definitively.
The computer locked up.
The computer means making the form is easy.
The computer might not work.
The computer monitor had turned itself off.
The computer needed to reboot.
The computer plays a crucial role in our existence.
The computer plays an important role in gaining knowledge.
The computer predetermines each user's ID.
The computer recognises two hundred different types of errors.
The computer recognizes 200 different types of error.
The computer repair took all day.
The computer revealed that there were four people onboard the ship.
The computer runs on batteries.
The computer scientist cannot solve the problem.
The computer screen displayed a message in bold letters.
The computer screen has a very high resolution.
The computer signalled a system error.
The computer started to smoke.
The computer started.
The computer stopped working after an automatic system update.
The computer stopped working.
The computer system shuts down automatically at 8pm.
The computer terminals were lined up in one long row.
The computer that I bought hasn't been delivered to me yet.
The computer that Mary's father gave her when she was thirteen is still working.
The computer that Tom's father gave him when he was thirteen is still working.
The computer told Lukas to eject.
The computer told the productivity manager that Steve wasn't working hard enough.
The computer was damaged.
The computer was left on, is that alright?
The computer was plugged in.
The computer was so outdated that it was good for nothing.
The computer was very useful.
The computer which you use has been infected.
The computer whose keyboard was bought by Ion was locked.
The computer won't start.
The computer you use is slow.
The computer's color is red.
The computer's malfunctioning.
The computer's name is Sam, or Search Algorithm for Ligands, and Australian researchers say its new flu drug is a "turbo-charged" version of existing treatments.
The computer's not working.
The computer's on the table.
The computer's stopped working.
The computer's unplugged.
The computers are flying off the shelves.
The computers are selling like hot cakes.
The computers save us time and trouble.
The computer’s color is red.
The comrades know our opinions.
The con artist is looking for a new mark.
The con artist is now under police protection.
The con artist victimizes elderly pensioners.
The con artist was considered an honest person.
The con artists needed a patsy to take the fall, so they framed an innocent bystander.
The concealment of facts by a witness is a criminal offense.
The concentration of ascorbic acid in the tablet is very low.
The concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has now reached 400 parts per million.
The concept doesn’t make sense.
The concept has always piqued my interest.
The concept has changed.
The concept has long attracted me.
The concept is amazing.
The concept is good, but the implementation is awful.
The concept is quite alien to our way of thinking.
The concept is the same.
The concept of "Tatemae" tends to be misunderstood as lying. But I think it's not lying in the sense of deceiving others, but rather as a way of respecting others' differences in opinion without making them uncomfortable. It's a cultural aspect stemming from how Japanese people tend to avoid arguments in favor of keeping the peace.
The concept of "liberty" can't be properly defined, because throughout history it has taken overtones and nuances so diverse.
The concept of "mental health" in our society is defined largely by the extent to which an individual behaves in accord with the needs of the system and does so without showing signs of stress.
The concept of "zero" originated in India.
The concept of American pride has been hijacked by the right, so now just flying an American flag can provoke suspicion.
The concept of God is a fantasy, created to placate our ignorance about our own existence.
The concept of God is so elusive, so abstract, that each of us can freely and at will find our own image in it, without pretending to share the divine reflection of others.
The concept of a virtual streamer came out of Japan.
The concept of beauty is subjective.
The concept of beauty isn't fixed.
The concept of belonging to one man doesn’t resonate with me.
The concept of cultural superiority can lead to cultural imperialism, where Western values and practices are imposed on other societies, undermining local traditions and eroding cultural diversity.
The concept of death troubles me.
The concept of family is both foreign and intriguing to me.
The concept of grand juries dates from 12th century England, where they were established to protect commoners from overzealous prosecution by the king.
The concept of hypertext predates the World Wide Web.
The concept of natural numbers is perhaps the most fundamental mathematical concept.
The concept of normal is confusing to me.
The concept of race doesn't exist in biology.
The concept of race has no basis in biology.
The concept of race is biologically nonsensical.
The concept of resistance is just as applicable in fluids.
The concept of social mobility is a lie.
The concept of space tourism is becoming more realistic each year.
The concept of superspreading is not new and played a role in the SARS epidemic in Asia in 2002–03. The Washington Post reported that one man admitted to a hospital infected 156 clinical staff and visitors. The disease, marked by trouble breathing, high fever and cough, was responsible for 40 percent of deaths in more than two dozen countries.
The concept of zero comes from Hindu culture.
The concept of zero sprang from the Hindu culture.
The concept of “Internet addiction” implies that “the Internet” is some sort of definable activity.
The concept they offered was overarching.
The conception for the project stems from Mrs. Rodríguez, but the majority of its realization was through the efforts of Mrs. Hurtado and Mrs. Romero.
The conception of a noumenon, that is, of a thing which must be cogitated not as an object of sense, but as a thing in itself (solely through the pure understanding), is not self-contradictory, for we are not entitled to maintain that sensibility is the only possible mode of intuition.
The concepts of "nation" and "state" have been conflated in English, but the first is much older than the second.
The concern is whether he'll read the letter or not.
The concern is whether he’ll read the letter or not.
The concern of the Kabyles is forgetfulness as they forget everything that happened to them and those who oppressed them with bullets and imprisonment.
The concert began with a piano solo.
The concert began.
The concert begins at 8 p.m.
The concert begins now.
The concert begins soon.
The concert came to an end at ten o'clock.
The concert came to an end at ten o’clock.
The concert concluded with the national anthem.
The concert didn't last long.
The concert didn't last very long.
The concert drew attendees from the surrounding towns.
The concert ended at midnight.
The concert featured live acoustic music.
The concert finished at ten.
The concert had already begun when we arrived.
The concert had already begun when we got there.
The concert had already started by the time we got there.
The concert hall is a conspicuous dome-shaped building.
The concert hall is a dome-shaped building visible for miles around.
The concert hall was alive with fans.
The concert hall was packed.
The concert hall was so jam-packed there wasn't room to breathe.
The concert hall was so jam-packed there wasn’t room to breathe.
The concert has already started.
The concert has been canceled.
The concert has been postponed.
The concert has just started.
The concert hasn't started yet.
The concert hasn't yet begun.
The concert is about to begin.
The concert is about to start.
The concert is already sold out.
The concert is beginning now.
The concert is far from being sold out.
The concert is going to start at 8 p.m.
The concert is going to start in thirty minutes.
The concert is going to start soon.
The concert is just about to start.
The concert is next Monday.
The concert is next Sunday.
The concert is now beginning.
The concert is over.
The concert is sold out.
The concert is starting at 8 p.m.
The concert is starting soon.
The concert is starting.
The concert isn't going to take place tomorrow.
The concert lasted about three hours.
The concert lasted almost three hours.
The concert lasted three hours.
The concert may already have started.
The concert seemed over.
The concert series is performed under the aegis of a prominent music academy.
The concert sold out three hours after tickets went on sale.
The concert started about three minutes ago.
The concert starts at 8 p.m.
The concert starts at seven. We must not be late.
The concert starts soon.
The concert takes place annually in Lyon.
The concert takes place every year in Lyon.
The concert ticket costs more than the cinema ticket.
The concert took place at an open-air cinema on the outskirts of town.
The concert took place at an outdoor cinema on the outskirts of town.
The concert took place in a jazz bar near the city centre.
The concert was a big disappointment.
The concert was a bit disappointing.
The concert was a great success.
The concert was a huge success.
The concert was a one-off event.
The concert was a rousing success.
The concert was a smashing success.
The concert was a success.
The concert was all but over by the time I got there.
The concert was all but over when I arrived.
The concert was an incredible experience that everyone loved.
The concert was awful.
The concert was broadcast live.
The concert was excellent.
The concert was great, but it was cold in the hall.
The concert was great.
The concert was held over till the following week because of the singer's illness.
The concert was held over till the following week because of the singer’s illness.
The concert was incredible.
The concert was over by the time we got there.
The concert was really good. You should've come with us.
The concert was short, but it was really good.
The concert was short. However, it was very good.
The concert was sold out.
The concert was successful.
The concert was the most awesome thing ever.
The concert was three hours long.
The concert was three hours.
The concert was very well attended.
The concert was well attended.
The concert wasn't a big deal.
The concert wasn't all that great.
The concert wasn't as long as I expected it to be.
The concert wasn't horrible.
The concert wasn't very good.
The concert wasn’t very good.
The concert went a lot smoother than Ziri originally thought it would.
The concert will be free.
The concert will be starting soon.
The concert will begin at 2:30 p.m.
The concert will begin at 2:30.
The concert will begin at 8 p.m.
The concert will begin soon.
The concert will probably last three hours.
The concert will start at 2:30.
The concert will start soon.
The concert will take place at the church.
The concert will take place in London this weekend.
The concert will take place next Monday.
The concert will take place next Sunday.
The concert will take place next spring.
The concert will take place next summer.
The concert won't last long.
The concert's about to start.
The concert's been canceled.
The concert's going to start soon.
The concert's just beginning.
The concert's over.
The concert's starting.
The conciliation board provides assistance in resolving consumer disputes between consumers and businesses.
The conciliation effort resulted in a mutually acceptable solution.
The concise word is better than a long, insipid speech.
The conclusion I have reached is, unfortunately, a pessimistic one.
The conclusion is biased.
The conclusion is crystal clear.
The conclusion may seem trivial: Esperanto exists.
The conclusion reached by a study is "People who think their feet are smelly, have smelly feet; people who think they aren't, don't."
The conclusion reached by a study is "People who think their feet are smelly, have smelly feet; people who think they aren’t, don’t."
The conclusion rests on a solid basis.
The conclusion was formed on the basis of these facts.
The conclusions are disappointing.
The conclusions were disappointing.
The concrete layer of the nuclear reactor's shielding will be destroyed using controlled explosions.
The concrete mixing plant is just a mile from the worksite.
The condemnation has been confirmed to be 5 years in prison.
The condescension in this article is unbearable.
The condition looks favourable.
The condition of Man is a condition of Warre of every one against every one.
The condition of the item found on the Thai beach, which also has insulated red and white electronic wires on it, indicates it had been in the ocean for a year or more, according to specialists who have viewed video and pictures of it posted online.
The condition of the patient is on the turn.
The condition of the patient turned for the better.
The condition of the patients changes every day.
The condition runs in Ziri's family.
The condition seems to be bad recently.
The condition, called pre-eclampsia, can be caught by monitoring the mother's blood pressure, but the method is not perfect. Researchers are working to develop a blood test that could be more accurate.
The conditions are favorable.
The conditions are identical.
The conditions are not ideal.
The conditions are terrible.
The conditions faced by displaced refugees are unimaginable to many people.
The conditions for entering France are becoming stricter.
The conditions in the flooded city of New Orleans are a recipe for diarrheal diseases rarely seen in the United States, including hepatitis, dysentery, cholera, and typhus.
The conditions that lead to my parents' divorce were engendered by their obsessive attitude toward work.
The conditions were deemed sufficiently unsafe to justify an evacuation.
The conditions were difficult.
The conditions were perfect.
The conditions were very rough.
The conditions weren't always great.
The condom broke.
The condor never circled back a second time.
The condor was circling Ziri's tent.
The conduct of the criminal investigation has been left in the experienced hands of Inspector Lestrade, of Scotland Yard, who is following up the clues with his accustomed energy and sagacity.
The conductor appeared on the stage.
The conductor appropriates two seats for himself.
The conductor challenges the interpreter.
The conductor corrects what the interpreter says.
The conductor forgot to punch my ticket.
The conductor is standing ready before the orchestra.
The conductor lifted his baton.
The conductor loomed over me and asked severely: "Are you, by chance, a rabbit?"
The conductor loomed over me and asked sternly: "Are you, by any chance, a fare-dodger?"
The conductor loomed over me and asked sternly: "Are you, by any chance, a hare?"
The conductor of this orchestra is a fine musician.
The conductor raised his baton.
The conductor reformulates what the interpreter said.
The conductor was expecting a more connotated definition.
The cones of the jack pine, for example, do not readily open to release their seeds until they have been subjected to great heat.
The confections at Honest Chocolate are made with agave nectar, rather than cane sugar, and have a very high percentage of cacao... something customer Jessica Bonin appreciates.
The confederate flag is a symbol of racism.
The confederate flag is also a symbol of racism.
The confederate flag is considered by many to be a racist symbol.
The confederate flag is so controversial.
The confederate flag is synonymous of racism.
The conference begins on Monday.
The conference called for the major powers to cut their armed forces by a third.
The conference closed at five.
The conference continued till 5 o'clock.
The conference covered many subjects.
The conference didn't produce an outcome.
The conference drew 150 diplomats.
The conference ended at five.
The conference ended two hours ago.
The conference ended yesterday.
The conference ends at 9:00 p.m.
The conference ends tomorrow.
The conference gives us an opportunity to see again specialists coming from around the world.
The conference had a full house.
The conference has already ended.
The conference is already over, sir.
The conference is already over.
The conference is going to end today.
The conference is open to the public.
The conference is planned to take place in Tokyo.
The conference is taking place against the backdrop of the devastation wrought by Cyclone Pam last week in Vanuatu.
The conference is to be held in Tokyo the day after tomorrow.
The conference is to be held in Tokyo.
The conference is to be held next year.
The conference offered us the opportunity to reconnect with associates of different countries.
The conference paper "The Digital Way to Spread Conlangs" may interest conlangers.
The conference passed off well.
The conference room was silent.
The conference runs through Monday.
The conference started with the national anthem of Algeria.
The conference starts Monday morning.
The conference starts on Monday.
The conference takes place annually.
The conference takes place every year.
The conference takes place in the institute's building.
The conference touched upon many subjects.
The conference was carried out traditionally.
The conference was cloaked in secrecy.
The conference was conducted under the auspices of an international organization.
The conference was drawing to an end.
The conference was due to take place in Tokyo.
The conference was held the following day.
The conference was not a complete success.
The conference was planned to take place in Tokyo.
The conference was presided over by Mr Mori.
The conference was pretty good last year.
The conference was scheduled for March, but it has been put off till April.
The conference went according to plan.
The conference went off according to the plan.
The conference went on according to plan.
The conference will be held in a specially selected church.
The conference will be in Boston next year.
The conference will commence in due course.
The conference will end tomorrow.
The conference will last three days.
The conference will take place in Boston.
The conference will take place in Tokyo.
The conference wraps up tomorrow.
The confessional allows to negotiate on errors.
The confessions were forced.
The confidence man and his blonde call girl make a perfect match in enraging his landlady.
The configuration file for your database server is located in this directory.
The confirmation came out.
The confirmation hearings turned into a free-for-all.
The conflagration consumed the city.
The conflagration, abetted by fuel that residents stored in their domiciles, razed tin-roofed shacks.
The conflict began over a simple misunderstanding.
The conflict between Iran and Israel is very complex.
The conflict between Israel and Syria has gotten worse.
The conflict between Israel and Syria has intensified.
The conflict between Israel and Syria is escalating.
The conflict between blacks and whites in the city became worse.
The conflict escalates.
The conflict in Syria remains one of the largest humanitarian crises worldwide.
The conflict in Ukraine continues to escalate.
The conflict in Ukraine is entering its fourth year with no end in sight.
The conflict in Ukraine is raising prices around the world.
The conflict in Western Sahara is becoming more and more costly for Morocco.
The conflict in Western Sahara isn't difficult to understand.
The conflict in Western Sahara needs to receive far more international coverage.
The conflict in Western Sahara should not be allowed to fester.
The conflict quickly escalated from a soccer game to a diplomatic crisis.
The conflicts among leaders resulted in unhealthy sectionalism.
The conflicts left over 50 civilians dead.
The conformity to the regulations have not been fulfilled.
The confused mind is the mind that, thinking something over, congeals in one place.
The confused travelers realized they were headed toward the wrong town.
The confusion and panic caused an uproar.
The confusion beggars belief.
The confusion beggars description.
The confusion defies description.
The confusion is all over.
The confusion only got worse.
The congestion slowly eased.
The congregation was getting old.
The congregation was moved by the fine sermon.
The congregation was silent.
The congregation was singing and dancing.
The congress is in Europe.
The congress is to be held next year.
The congress offers us the opportunity to see colleagues from all the countries of the European Union again.
The congress will offer us the opportunity to compare the results of the investigation in all countries of the European Union.
The congress will offer us the opportunity to see colleagues from all the countries of the European Union again.
The congressional staffer who leaked classified documents has been arrested.
The congressman has been in the spotlight ever since his untoward remarks about African Americans.
The congresswoman released a statement on Facebook.
The congresswoman seeks legislative interns for next semester.
The congresswoman sent a letter to the Department of Defense.
The congresswoman worked to improve the House bill.
The connection between these two things is unclear to me, leaving me confused.
The connection is down.
The connection is kind of bad here.
The connection is very slow. That's why I rarely find anything to glean from you.
The connection must be adequate.
The connection was lost.
The connection we share is undeniable.
The connection with Tom was interrupted.
The connection, as indicated in this chart, I need not dwell upon.
The connections between the plates was disturbed.
The connector road was backed up because of an accident and it took an hour to get home.
The connexion is miserable today!
The conquered are always wrong. History considers nothing but their defeat.
The conquest of America cost between 60 and 70 million lives.
The conquest of Constantinople marks the end of the Middle Ages.
The conquest of Persia and spread of Islam, which started in the 7th century, dealt the first serious blow to Zoroastrians.
The conquest of Vietnam by France began in 1858 and was completed by 1884.
The conquest of İstanbul antedates the discovery of America.
The conquistadors cruelly enslaved the Incas.
The conscience is a wound that never heals and no one dies of.
The conscience of man is not alive by the law alone.
The consensus indicates that we are opposed to the proposed idea.
The consequence of a wrong translation can sometimes be catastrophic.
The consequence of individual crimes should be collective punishment.
The consequence was that she lost her job.
The consequence was that, she lost a considerable amount of money.
The consequences are profound.
The consequences are well known.
The consequences for using names other than Tom and Mary are virtually nonexistent.
The consequences of Sendai's earthquake were dreadful!
The consequences of Sendai’s earthquake were dreadful!
The consequences of cheating are extremely hurtful.
The consequences of inaction on these issues are not unknown, they are calculable.
The consequences of man turning away from God were very serious.
The consequences would be enormous.
The consequences, in the long term, will be fatal.
The conservation area comprises 5,000 square miles (8,000 square kilometers) east of Cape Cod.
The conservation area contains vulnerable species such as fragile deep sea corals and endangered right whales, which number only about 400.
The conservation of momentum is a fundamental concept of physics along with the conservation of energy and the conservation of mass.
The conservationist is against the building of a tidal barrage across the Severn estuary.
The conservationists hope to create a herd of at least five animals that can be introduced back into the wild in Africa.
The conservative character of the seating furniture is offset by the brightly coloured accessories.
The consistent bullying of Antonio on the website not only affects his online experience but also has a detrimental impact on his mental well-being.
The console came with two joypads, so they could both play straight after they opened it.
The consolidation of the industry continues with today's acquisition.
The conspiracy minded claim photos the astronauts took on the moon do not show any stars in the background. In reality, the cameras were unable to capture the faint light emitted by stars.
The conspiracy nuts will love this.
The conspiracy was massive.
The conspiracy will continue.
The constables were on a break.
The constant anxiety in which he lived, however chimerical the cause of it might be, was evidently having a serious effect upon his health.
The constant arguments sapped her energy.
The constant battle between desire and guilt leaves me emotionally exhausted and conflicted.
The constant border wars between England and Scotland came to an end.
The constant criticism grinds him down.
The constant dirt was driving Ziri nuts.
The constant distancing between two dialects could be a sign that a new language is emerging.
The constant heat is exhausting.
The constant lies make me wonder if your cause is really so just.
The constant noise coming from the flat next door is driving me mad.
The constant noise from the construction site exacerbated Tom's headache and exasperated his already-frayed nerves.
The constant pursuit of perfection can create an unrealistic standard.
The constant stress at work is taking up too much of Tom's head space.
The constant stuttering broke my immersion while playing that game.
The constant targeting of Antonio on the website illustrates the urgent need for stronger measures against cyberbullying.
The constant tweeting of birds outside his window is getting on his nerves.
The constant, high-pitched ringing in Tom's ears is driving him crazy.
The constellation Scorpio is hard to observe because of its southerly position from Central Europe.
The constellation once shone.
The consternation was general.
The constituents of a word salad are neither random nor unrelated, but connected by a net so torn that only detours remain passable.
The constitution is a people's right to self-determination.
The constitution of the country is very democratic.
The constitution was amended so that women could vote.
The constitutional court will issue a decision by noon today.
The constructed language Babm is so bad, it's good.
The construction blocked the entrance to the street.
The construction could take months.
The construction crew had to blast through the bedrock to create the tunnel.
The construction crews worked around the clock.
The construction group is seeking to inform all local employee representatives throughout Europe on this topic in a transparent manner and to investigate suggestions for improving working conditions and for the prevention of industrial accidents and occupational hazards.
The construction just started.
The construction manager and the building contractor are coming to the construction site today.
The construction of a highway will contribute to the growth of the suburbs.
The construction of a hydroelectric dam can damage the life of populations downstream and upstream.
The construction of the Parthenon took nine years.
The construction of the building will be started next year.
The construction of the dam created an artificial lake that destroyed a whole ecosystem.
The construction of the dam will have both positive and negative environmental consequences.
The construction of the dam will have serious environmental consequences for the local fauna and flora.
The construction of the dam will undoubtedly have the resulting effect of forcing thousands of families to relocate elsewhere.
The construction of the hospital is about to end.
The construction of the hospital will be completed soon.
The construction of the house starts next year.
The construction of the huge building started a long time ago.
The construction of the solar plant in southwestern Tunisia is expected to start by the end of 2016, with the first kilowatts being delivered by late 2018.
The construction of this project will provide 2,000 jobs.
The construction site is abandoned.
The construction site noise jangled my nerves, keeping me from sleeping well.
The construction straddled two centuries.
The construction team will have to work through the night to finish the job on time.
The construction trucks are noisy.
The construction work is coming to an end.
The construction work is steadily nearing completion.
The construction work lasted until the end of 1854.
The construction worker wore a high visibility vest, a hard hat and safety boots.
The construction worker wore a vest and a hard hat.
The construction worker wore a vest, a hard hat and steel-toe boots.
The construction workers have beveled all of the corners, except for the one at my house.
The construction workers toiled tirelessly under the scorching sun to build the skyscraper's foundation.
The consul mopped his sweating, beefy face and cursed Venusian air-conditioning units.
The consulate cannot allow Ziri a visa without a passport.
The consulate helped arrange medical transport for Tom.
The consulate said it notarized his signature, but not the contents of the document.
The consulates of Algiers require foreigners to convert to Islam to marry an Algerian.
The consultant, under the authority of the Chancellor, gave advice to the committee on some important questions.
The consultant, who is under the authority of the Chancellor, gives the committee advice on important questions.
The consultation is free.
The consumer price index has been fluctuating wildly.
The consumer prices index rose 2% this year.
The consumer society practically is the seven deadly sins.
The consumerist society contributes to a continuous increase in the amount of household waste.
The consumption of drinking water per capita has almost doubled in the past few decades.
The consumption of this product has increased in the last two years.
The consumption of those items increased dramatically.
The consumption of violent pornography has been linked to an increase in aggression and violent behavior.
The consumption tax is now 5 percent in Japan.
The contact lens would end up costing more than the glasses.
The contagion is damaging the Italian economy and its important tourism industry.
The contagious persons were placed in quarantine.
The container is empty.
The container is full.
The container may be the best in Japan, but if the contents are third class, then isn't it completely meaningless?
The container may be the best in Japan, but if the contents are third class, then isn’t it completely meaningless?
The container ship kept station outside the harbor until the pilot boat arrived.
The contemporary Soviet press reveals a great contradiction between its international Socialist contents and its national-bourgeois writing system.
The contenders we were up against at the time were undefeated.
The content is what matters.
The content of his speech is not relevant to the subject.
The content of his speech was interesting.
The content of his speech was very good.
The content of that polyethylene bottle is cloudy and yellowish. Could it be urine?
The content of the letter had an interesting effect on my marriage.
The content of this message goes against our rules and was therefore hidden. It is displayed only to admins and to the author of the message.
The content was quite thick.
The contents of the box are indicated on the label.
The contents of the box are listed on the label.
The contents of the four registers are preserved by the called subroutine.
The contents of the letter were secret.
The contents of the tent were tossed around.
The contents of the wallet were missing.
The contents of this book are not suitable for people with weak nerves.
The contest ended in a draw.
The contest ends tomorrow.
The contest for the best cosplay will be held in a week.
The contest has very strict eligibility requirements.
The contest is already decided.
The contest starts tomorrow.
The contest was postponed on account of rain.
The contest was rigged.
The contestant blurted out the right answer just before the time ran out.
The contestant delivered her extemporaneous speech with such gusto.
The contestant made two false starts.
The contestants are gearing up for the final round of competition.
The contestants were equally matched against each other.
The contestants who looked and sounded like Elvis were hired for the show.
The context clarifies the meaning of an unfamiliar term.
The context influences the perception of truth.
The context is crucial.
The context is important.
The context is the most important thing in a translation. A translator might forget a word, but if the context is clear enough to him, he could make himself understood with no problems, but if he gets an isolated sentence with no explanation, he might understand it ambiguously and he won't translate the real meaning from the original language. That's why you should always provide context when asking for a translator's help.
The continent has a suicidal policy.
The continent is abundant in fossil fuels.
The continent is pretty sick of this British whining about anything and everything.
The continent is shimmering in a blistering heat wave that is worrying farmers and power companies.
The continual noise deafened us.
The continued occupation of Western Sahara by Morocco undermines the stability and development of the entire region, as it hampers regional cooperation and integration efforts.
The continued to survey the giraffe herd.
The continuing conflict between the different movements deepened even further.
The continuing uncertainty during those negotiations will cost Britain $5.5 billion in lost GDP this year alone, according to a RAND Corporation report, increasing to $13.8 billion if the negotiations continue to 2025.
The continuous flow of water forms thalwegs in the lower parts of the valleys.
The continuous railroad grade separation projects will unite the towns divided by railroads.
The contract doesn't yet have their signature.
The contract expired on Monday.
The contract expired on October 20th.
The contract expires next year.
The contract expires today.
The contract has an appendix.
The contract has been concluded.
The contract has been mutually terminated.
The contract hasn't been signed.
The contract is about to expire.
The contract is about to run out.
The contract is finally signed.
The contract is in the bag, so let's go out and celebrate.
The contract is in the bag, so let’s go out and celebrate.
The contract is invalid if you were forced to sign it.
The contract is still valid.
The contract is valid until the year 2020.
The contract is worth thousands of dollars.
The contract lasts three years.
The contract of insurance is defined as a contract by which the insurers agree to indemnify the person assured from any loss which he may sustain by reason of the perils insured against.
The contract provides for a deferred payment over three years.
The contract should undergo revision every ten years.
The contract states how much we have to pay.
The contract was awarded to the lowest bidder.
The contract was ended.
The contract was rather loose.
The contract was signed.
The contract was written in Berber.
The contract will expire at midnight tomorrow.
The contract will expire soon.
The contract will shortly expire.
The contract, if you were forced to sign it, is invalid.
The contradiction is painfully obvious.
The contradiction was obvious.
The contrapositive of a true statement is true.
The contrast between the sky and the mountain is striking.
The contrast between the two ideas is very marked.
The contrast immediately jumps out at one.
The contrasts between these three countries are striking.
The control of exhaust gas is especially needed in big cities.
The control tower collapsed.
The control tower stopped responding.
The controller closes the door.
The controls of the plane were out of order.
The controversial proposal has caused an intense war of words between the two opposing parties.
The contumacious student dared to gainsay his teacher.
The convenience of being able to find cup ramen everywhere is its main selling point.
The convenience store changed but the owner is the same.
The convenience store employee chased the thief and was stabbed to death.
The convenience store ran out of business.
The convenience store robbery was a great inconvenience to me.
The convenience store was overflowing with girls, I didn't have the urge to push my way through them and went home as I was.
The convenience store was overflowing with girls, I didn’t have the urge to push my way through them and went home as I was.
The convenient thing about this electronic dictionary is that it's easy to carry anywhere.
The convention opened as planned.
The convention voted again.
The convention voted on the issue sixty times.
The convention voted.
The convention was a disaster.
The convention will draw many of the top physicists in the globe.
The convergence of US and British imperialist interests is so pronounced that London should seriously evaluate the possibility of joining the United States as a state.
The conversation always returns to the same subject.
The conversation at table is lively and interesting.
The conversation became awkward.
The conversation became more and more lively.
The conversation between the singer and me was long.
The conversation dragged on till three.
The conversation ended abruptly when Tom entered the room.
The conversation ended there.
The conversation got more personal.
The conversation got personal.
The conversation had roamed in a desultory spasmodic fashion from golf clubs to the causes of the change in the obliquity of the ecliptic.
The conversation hit a dead spot.
The conversation infuriated Martino.
The conversation is between me and her.
The conversation is drying up.
The conversation is finished with you.
The conversation is over.
The conversation lasted about four minutes.
The conversation lasted beyond midnight.
The conversation lasted until after midnight.
The conversation moved on to other topics.
The conversation promises to be interesting.
The conversation ranged widely.
The conversation seemed to center over that matter.
The conversation seemed to go on for hours.
The conversation started with friendly banter but ended in bruises.
The conversation switched to politics.
The conversation today was about classes.
The conversation today was about creativity.
The conversation today was about the Spanish language.
The conversation today was about video cameras.
The conversation turned to politics.
The conversation was briefly interrupted.
The conversation was coming from inside the store.
The conversation was flowing and everyone was having fun.
The conversation was interrupted momentarily.
The conversation was secretly recorded and used as evidence.
The conversation was slow and boring.
The conversation was very eye-opening.
The conversation was very illuminating.
The conversation was very revealing.
The conversation wasn't exactly flowing.
The conversation went on until after midnight.
The conversation with Maria ended in a fight.
The converse is also true.
The converse is not generally true.
The conversion of Tom's car engine to run on leftover cooking oil has left its exhaust smelling a little like French fries.
The conversion to Islam was boosted by Berber missionaries in sub-Saharan Africa.
The conveyor belt at the Canadian coal port can fill a Japanese or Chinese ship at the rate of four thousand tonnes of coal per hour.
The convict managed to escape but couldn't stand the cold and turned himself in.
The convict was pardoned after serving his sentence.
The convicted drug dealer was willing to comply with the authorities to have his death sentence reduced to a life sentence.
The conviction was appealed.
The convicts had their feet chained up, so that no one escapes.
The convoy of army trucks was blocking the road.
The cook added cloves to the sauce.
The cook broiled the meat.
The cook carefully read the recipe.
The cook chopped the meat.
The cook drew approving comments from across the table.
The cook grilled the meat.
The cook hasn't put any on it.
The cook hasn’t put any on it.
The cook is barbecuing the chicken meat.
The cook is excellent.
The cook is guilty.
The cook is not always the one with a long knife.
The cook is sitting in the kitchen.
The cook made a delicious meal.
The cook makes food.
The cook prepares delicious meals.
The cook prepares different dishes every day.
The cook put the food in the dumb waiter.
The cook served the family for many years.
The cook used a chinois.
The cook used to fill my plate generously.
The cook was astonished at his incredible appetite.
The cook was offended.
The cook went into the kitchen so as to put the chicken in the cooker.
The cook will get a thou, while mister schoolboy will get a beating.
The cookbook was filled with delicious recipes that Matthew couldn't wait to try out.
The cooked rice is tainted, the fried rice is consumed.
The cookie fell into the milk and splashed on his shirt.
The cookie is overly sweet.
The cookie is too sweet.
The cookie jar is empty.
The cookiecutter shark is the only type of parasitic shark.
The cookies Tom baked tasted terrible.
The cookies Tom baked this afternoon are really delicious.
The cookies are all in the form of stars.
The cookies are gluten-free.
The cookies are in the jar.
The cookies are kosher.
The cookies are pareve.
The cookies are parve.
The cookies are still warm.
The cookies are under the table.
The cookies are vegan.
The cookies from the recipe you sent me were so good that the ambulance had to come over and take me to the ER, just so I could share some with them! I was suffocating from excitement!
The cookies have a new wrapper.
The cookies on the table look delicious.
The cookies that Tom baked this afternoon are really delicious.
The cookies that Tom made were terrible.
The cookies were delicious.
The cookies were good, too.
The cookies were quite misshapen, but very delicious.
The cooking instructor said the cake was ruined by my stirring it too much.
The cooking smells good.
The cool air felt wonderful on my face.
The cool breeze eased the heat.
The cool evening air was filled with the fresh smell of the sea.
The cool kids all hate me.
The cool thing about translation is that we're transferring an idea, a concept, from one language to another, and we're not just switching words.
The cool water of the swimming hole was a refreshing respite from the hot summer sun.
The coolant is leaking.
The coolness of summer nights is stored in massive wood walls. Thus the interior temperature of the house is maintained at a pleasant level even on hot days.
The coordinates do not make any sense.
The coordinator is Tom.
The coordinators of this charity run have hearts of gold.
The cop asked for Jonas's idea.
The cop called for backup.
The cop checked if Matthew had a past, but nothing came up.
The cop knocked on the door and announced: "Police!"
The cop knocked on the door and asked to see Tobias.
The cop let Tom go.
The cop let Ziri go.
The cop motioned to Yanni to take his earbuds out.
The cop motioned to Yanni to wind down his window.
The cop never acknowledged Lorenzo's concern.
The cop ordered us to pull over.
The cop pinned Ziri down and pushed him into the police car.
The cop put his knee in Baya's chest.
The cop radioed in the situation.
The cop said I was going 85 mph, but I was only going 75 mph.
The cop said I was going 85, but I was only going 75.
The cop seemed very calm and unconcerned with what Lorenzo told him.
The cop shined his flashlight into the back of Mennad's car.
The cop signaled for me to pull over.
The cop started dragging Ziri along.
The cop switched off his bodycam.
The cop tried to catch Ziri.
The cop wanted to see Mennad's papers.
The cop was actually Ziri's uncle.
The cop was already putting Ziri in the car.
The cop was shot on his beat.
The cop went through his pockets, but found nothing.
The cop wore menacing sunglasses.
The cop yelled at Diego to drop his weapon.
The cope cages proved useless.
The cope is palpable.
The cops are behind us!
The cops are coming to arrest Yanni for something.
The cops are everywhere.
The cops are going to send somebody over.
The cops are gone.
The cops are here and no one can stop the eviction now.
The cops are here.
The cops are keeping tabs on him.
The cops are looking for the gang's hideout.
The cops are looking for the gang’s hideout.
The cops are on their way.
The cops are searching for clues to the brutal murder.
The cops are searching for clues to the cruel murder.
The cops are searching for the missing documents.
The cops are sending someone to the campsite to make sure everything is OK.
The cops arrived a few minutes later.
The cops arrived almost an hour later.
The cops arrived within five minutes.
The cops arrived.
The cops asked Tobias to describe what the man he saw looked like.
The cops assumed that Sami was a homosexual.
The cops believed Dmitri this time.
The cops came by a few minutes later just to check in.
The cops came out of their car and arrested him.
The cops came pretty quickly.
The cops came to Lajos's apartment in the morning to take his statement down.
The cops caught the bad guy.
The cops chased Gabor to the shore.
The cops chased after Diego.
The cops checked the area.
The cops checked the woods but nothing came up.
The cops couldn't find Alberto.
The cops decided to investigate the vehicle.
The cops did a thorough investigation.
The cops did not arrive for another five minutes.
The cops didn't arrive for another five minutes.
The cops didn't find anyone matching Ziri's description.
The cops didn't find anyone's traces.
The cops didn't know what to do either.
The cops didn't send anyone.
The cops didn’t find anyone’s traces.
The cops didn’t receive any response from the van.
The cops don’t have enough evidence to hold Bruno.
The cops drove away.
The cops emptied their guns into Yanni.
The cops ended up finding that man.
The cops escorted Igor to a hotel.
The cops escorted Janos to safety.
The cops examined the secret room in Tobias's basement.
The cops finally arrested Michael.
The cops finally managed to get Tobias in cuffs.
The cops fired back.
The cops followed Damiano’s truck.
The cops gave James a call.
The cops had the entire place surrounded.
The cops had the house foreclosed for over a year.
The cops have him under surveillance.
The cops have the wrong person.
The cops held Daniel face down.
The cops immediately scanned the perimeter.
The cops just let Matthew go.
The cops kept Yanni's murder on the radar screen.
The cops knocked on the door.
The cops know who Tom is.
The cops left no stone unturned in their search for Yanni.
The cops left within five minutes.
The cops left.
The cops let Boldi go.
The cops let Tom go.
The cops like the victim's boyfriend for the murder.
The cops like the victim’s boyfriend for the murder.
The cops managed to capture the terrorist easily.
The cops managed to catch the guy.
The cops never caught Ziri's killer.
The cops never searched the area.
The cops only left when Donald showed them his passport.
The cops patrolled the whole entire gym to find Stefan.
The cops put Alberto in the back seat.
The cops questioned Boldi for a long time.
The cops realized that Miroslav's license had expired and decided to impound his truck.
The cops refused to give their badge numbers.
The cops search Diego's house and property.
The cops searched Diego's house, but they didn't find anyone.
The cops searched the warehouse thoroughly.
The cops shot at the van.
The cops showed up and grabbed Boldi.
The cops swiftly arrested Robert.
The cops tailed the suspect on foot but ended up losing him in a crowded bus station.
The cops thought the suspect was hiding in the basement.
The cops threw tear-gas bombs into the building.
The cops took Boldi away.
The cops took Gabor back to the city.
The cops took Gabor's father's body.
The cops took Gustavo's name and his phone number down.
The cops took Ziri away.
The cops took Ziri's mom away before he could even see her.
The cops took a report.
The cops took an hour to arrive because of the snow.
The cops took the criminals away.
The cops tracked that number and arrested Claudio.
The cops used ground-penetrating radars to try and find Yanni's body.
The cops used tracker dogs to search for Miroslav.
The cops want you.
The cops wanted to conduct an interrogation.
The cops went in with guns drawn.
The cops went inside and returned with Martino a short time later.
The cops went inside the apartment with their guns drawn.
The cops went to search the woods.
The cops were able to catch Martino.
The cops were at Gunter's door.
The cops were at Igor's house.
The cops were called to Tom's house.
The cops were in the area, doing speed traps.
The cops were investigating the vicinity.
The cops were looking for a man who had stabbed two ladies in the park.
The cops were of no immediate assistance.
The cops were on the scene in less than five minutes.
The cops were on their way.
The cops were patrolling the area.
The cops were scouring the surrounding area.
The cops were there to stop looting.
The cops were trying to entrap Tom.
The cops were very unhelpful.
The cops were waiting for Ziri.
The cops will be here any moment.
The cops will handle that.
The cops will investigate further into this.
The cops won't find you there.
The cops, unfortunately, never found Igor.
The copy agrees with the original.
The copy of the Quran was on my bed table.
The coral reef is the region's prime attraction.
The coral reef is the region’s prime attraction.
The coral reefs of Hawaii are a well-known breeding ground for many tropical fish species.
The corals benefit, in turn, as the algae produce oxygen, remove wastes, and supply the organic products of photosynthesis that corals need to grow, thrive, and build up the reef.
The corals’ requirement for high light also explains why most reef-building species are restricted to the euphotic zone, the region in the ocean where light penetrates to a depth of approximately 70 meters.
The cord isn't long enough.
The cord rotted out.
The cord was cut.
The cordon has already been removed.
The cordon has not been removed yet.
The cordon still has not been removed.
The core of our interactions is respect.
The coriander has a very characteristic smell.
The cork doesn't come out.
The cork is jammed into the neck pretty bad. If you have a knife with a really thin blade, I might be able to coax it out.
The cork would not come out no matter what.
The cork would not come out.
The corn is ripe for picking.
The corn seems to be shooting up already.
The corner store was robbed last night.
The corners need to be rounded.
The corners of his lips showed a bluish tinge that really worried the nurse.
The corners of his mouth showed signs of the beginnings of a smile.
The corona through which Parker Solar Probe flies, for example, has an extremely high temperature but very low density.
The coronation ceremony marked the beginning of the new monarch's reign.
The coronavirus causes persistent coughing.
The coronavirus could cause severe shortness of breath.
The coronavirus could strike as many as 10 million Germans unless proper precautions are taken, including social distancing.
The coronavirus doesn't respect borders.
The coronavirus doesn't respect citizenship.
The coronavirus emerged in China.
The coronavirus epidemic that started in China and spread all over the world affected many big cities, especially in Europe.
The coronavirus has been scary recently, don't you think?
The coronavirus hasn't stopped spreading in Algeria.
The coronavirus increases mucus production.
The coronavirus increases our mucus production.
The coronavirus is a deadly virus.
The coronavirus is an RNA virus.
The coronavirus is contained in China.
The coronavirus is dangerous.
The coronavirus is deadlier than a regular flu.
The coronavirus is going to change the world.
The coronavirus is more contagious than the flu.
The coronavirus is most dangerous to the elderly and those with weakened immune systems.
The coronavirus is not as deadly as the bubonic plague.
The coronavirus is not lingering in the air.
The coronavirus is now a pandemic.
The coronavirus is showing no signs of letting up.
The coronavirus is spread from person to person.
The coronavirus isn't active in stool.
The coronavirus isn't more powerful than the measures you take.
The coronavirus knows no borders.
The coronavirus knows no class.
The coronavirus outbreak is boosting demand for home delivery of meals and groceries.
The coronavirus outbreak is dealing a severe blow to the airline industry.
The coronavirus pandemic has forced many office workers to do their jobs from home.
The coronavirus pandemic has forced small businesses around the world to come up with new ways to cope with the new reality — including using technology to stay afloat.
The coronavirus pandemic has made many people across the world feel afraid, helpless, and desperate for solutions.
The coronavirus pandemic is causing an increase in the number of homeless people in the country’s largest city, Sao Paulo.
The coronavirus pandemic is leading to information overload for many people, often making it difficult to separate fact from fiction.
The coronavirus pandemic that shook the world in the last weeks has affected the “Sunshine state” more than residents could have imagined.
The coronavirus pandemic turned out to be a bonanza for billionaires.
The coronavirus spreads into the air.
The coronavirus will also pass.
The coronavirus: China's gift to the world.
The coroner couldn't say for sure how Tom died.
The coroner couldn't say for sure what caused Tom's death.
The coroner determined that the cause of death was decapitation.
The coroner didn't find any gunshot wounds on any of the bodies.
The coroner is performing an autopsy on Tom to find out what killed him.
The coroner is performing an autopsy on Tom to find out why he died.
The corporal is on furlough.
The corporate headquarters is in Boston.
The corporate headquarters is in Los Angeles.
The corporate raider had a history of running companies into the ground.
The corporation assures consumers that the product is safe for children.
The corporation built a factory on the island.
The corporation encouraged the farmers to raise that breed of sheep.
The corporation filed for bankruptcy.
The corporation invited bids for the construction project.
The corporation saw windfall profits this year.
The corporation set up a dummy company.
The corporation was founded in 1990.
The corpse didn't show any signs of violence.
The corpse didn't show any wounds.
The corpse has a gunshot wound in the chest.
The corpse stopped moving.
The corpse was almost a year old.
The corpulence of the peasants revealed that there was no shortage of food there.
The corpulent woman wore a bow in her hair.
The corpus callosum connects the right and left parts of the brain.
The corpus is not structured as a table but as a graph.
The corpus would be incomplete and of limited use without political sentences.
The correct answer is "yes."
The correct answer is Algeria.
The correct answer is B.
The correct answer isn't always in the middle.
The correct answer isn't obvious.
The correct answer should be marked with an X.
The correct answer wasn't obvious.
The correct setting for silverware is the fork on the left side of the plate and on the right side the knife then the spoon.
The correct use of prepositions will be the death of me.
The correct, accurate plays with which to make a group secure, or to kill the opponent's group, are studied deeply by all strong players.
The corrected sentence was just what he wanted to say.
The correction of each error is very important to learn a language perfectly.
The correctional officer beat an inmate.
The correctness of the information is doubtful.
The correspondence is kept in several files.
The correspondent filed a report from Moscow.
The corridor floor is tiled.
The corridor leads to storage rooms.
The corridor was completely dark.
The corridor was flooded and smelt like sewage.
The corridor was in complete darkness.
The corridor was so crowded that we couldn't walk.
The corridor was so crowded that we couldn’t walk.
The corrupt government officials fled the country.
The corruption of the best is the worst.
The cosmonaut is great.
The cosmos is all that ever was, that ever is and that ever will be.
The cosmos is fictional.
The cost amounted to five thousand yen.
The cost amounted to twelve pesos.
The cost apart, the building will take a lot of time.
The cost in lives was huge.
The cost is $300.
The cost is very expensive.
The cost of a dental implant is determined by a number of factors, including the materials used for both the fixture and the crown.
The cost of a holiday varies according to the season.
The cost of admission to the museum is reduced on Sundays.
The cost of advertising has gone up.
The cost of building the bridge blew out considerably.
The cost of building the new hospital was a lot higher than they thought it would be.
The cost of building the new hospital was considerably higher than first estimated.
The cost of building the railroad was very high.
The cost of car ownership is increasing.
The cost of dentures continues to rise.
The cost of eating out is quite high here.
The cost of electricity is a chief constraint for Senegal's development.
The cost of entry to some gigs is prohibitive.
The cost of feeding my dog is higher than what I spend on my own food.
The cost of feeding my dogs is higher than what I spend on my own food.
The cost of financing of the project was very high.
The cost of fixing the broken window is coming out of your paycheck.
The cost of flying overseas has risen with the cost of fuel.
The cost of gasoline keeps on going up.
The cost of life increased drastically.
The cost of living hadn't gone down at all.
The cost of living hadn’t gone down at all.
The cost of living has gone down.
The cost of living has gone through the roof over the past year.
The cost of living has gone up.
The cost of living has greatly risen in the past ten years.
The cost of living has increased drastically.
The cost of living has risen enormously.
The cost of living has risen so quickly that it is almost impossible for us to make both ends meet.
The cost of living has risen.
The cost of living has shot through the ceiling in the last year.
The cost of living hasn't gone down at all.
The cost of living here is astronomical.
The cost of living here is very cheap.
The cost of living here is very high.
The cost of living here is very low.
The cost of living in America was rising.
The cost of living in Boston is very high.
The cost of living in Japan is going down.
The cost of living in New York is very expensive.
The cost of living in Tokyo is very high.
The cost of living in the United States was rising.
The cost of living increased dramatically.
The cost of living is going up continuously.
The cost of living is rising too much.
The cost of living is rising.
The cost of living is soaring.
The cost of living is very high in Boston.
The cost of living is very high in Tokyo.
The cost of living keeps going up.
The cost of natural gas, wind and solar power have plunged in the last decade or so.
The cost of operating schools continued to rise.
The cost of petrol keeps going up.
The cost of petrol keeps on going up.
The cost of raising a child in the United States is estimated to be about $235,000.
The cost of raw materials in India has risen, creating a crisis in the foundry industry, which caters to the automobile, railway, defense, and electrical industries.
The cost of repairing the roof shocked her.
The cost of repairing this damage will be onerous.
The cost of solar power has been continuously decreasing.
The cost of the air fare is higher than of the rail fare.
The cost of the book is 4 dollars.
The cost of the book is five dollars.
The cost of the house was figured out at fifty pounds.
The cost of the painting is very high.
The cost of the trip without a discount is two thousand Euros.
The cost of war can never be truly accounted for.
The cost to participate is $300 per team.
The cost to participate is thirty dollars per person.
The cost was huge.
The cost was prohibitive.
The cost will run into thousands of dollars.
The costs are considerably higher when you buy an item on credit.
The costs are too high.
The costs kept rising.
The costs of living have raised dramatically.
The costs outweigh the benefits.
The costs resulting from alcoholism are enormous.
The costumes were red, pink, blue, and so forth.
The cottage can be reached only by a narrow footpath.
The cottage can only be reached by a narrow footpath.
The cottage had been standing empty this eight months, and it was a pity, for it was a pretty two storied place, with an old-fashioned porch and honeysuckle about it.
The cottage industry is in good health.
The cottage looked as if nobody were living in it.
The cottage looked unoccupied.
The cottage reminded me of the happy times I had spent with her.
The cottage was clean and tidy.
The cottage was one of a small lonely cluster standing on the edge of an enormous beech wood.
The cottage was so small.
The cottage will not endure a strong wind.
The cottages were blown down one after another.
The cotton absorbed all the water.
The cotton is high.
The couch cover and hall drapes were blue.
The couch is going to have to be carried up the stairs.
The couch is in the foreground next to the table.
The couch isn't comfortable to sleep on.
The couch seemed to be in great shape.
The couch was very heavy and hard to move.
The couch won't fit in the elevator.
The cougar is in a better mood today.
The cougar pounced.
The cougar was shot.
The cough drop fell on the floor of the bus.
The cough syrup has a licorice flavoring.
The cough syrup is on the top shelf.
The cough syrup that Tom recommended worked well.
The cough went away without any medicine needed.
The council agreed on it.
The council agreed to extend Flavio’s funding.
The council agreed unanimously.
The council began at 9:00 and should be finished by 10:45.
The council distrusted Flavio.
The council has committed millions of dollars to the scientific research.
The council has nothing in mind for all of this.
The council held a meeting to analyse the rescheduling.
The council isn’t doing anything to help the city.
The council meets on Mondays.
The council members serve four-year terms.
The council refuses to grit my road.
The council spent its days arguing while the people suffered.
The council were going to build a new cycle lane along the main road.
The councilor tabled a number of controversial motions.
The councilwoman proposed to ask voters for guidance.
The councilwoman was caught stealing tampons from a woman's purse in a local bar.
The councilwoman will be taking questions now.
The counsel pleased Pharaoh, and all his servants.
The counsellor said that Tom had a textbook case of OCD.
The counselor suggested a cooling-off period before making a final decision about the relationship.
The counselors explained the rules to the kids.
The counselors led the kids to the lake.
The count sketched a graph; another count sketched a count.
The countdown for the New Year has begun.
The countdown has begun.
The countdown has started.
The countdown to the conquest of every sentence has finally begun.
The countenance of the countryside has changed.
The counterfeit bills flooded the market over the weekend.
The countermeasures introduced proved to be completely ineffective.
The countermeasures that were introduced proved completely ineffective.
The countertop is not a good place for dirty laundry or unrelated items.
The countertop is right in front of you.
The countertop looks squeaky clean.
The countertop was a hundred percent clean.
The countertop was sparkling.
The countess agrees with all these conditions.
The countess seemed surprised.
The countess squeezed his hand gently.
The counting of the ballots took half an hour.
The countries agreed to a disarmament treaty and subsequently withdrew their troops.
The countries came together to prevent another global war.
The countries concerned settled the dispute by peaceful means.
The countries have competing claims to villages and towns along the porous, undefined border.
The countries should aid the countries much more.
The countries terminated friendly relations.
The countries that say "We want to build a new capital city because of this and that" actually mean that they want to separate the rich from the poor and are not able to solve their current capital's crisis.
The country I most want to visit is Australia.
The country I'd most like to visit is Australia.
The country advanced in civilization.
The country air will do you good.
The country already produces biodegradable plastic.
The country also has tremendous agriculture potential.
The country also is facing a growing liquidity crisis and rising inflation.
The country appealed to Japan for help.
The country appealed to the United Nation for help.
The country appealed to the United Nations for help.
The country at large is hoping for great changes.
The country borders on two other countries.
The country bore the yoke of tyranny for two decades.
The country ceased to exist.
The country code for Italy is +39.
The country code for calling Italy is 39.
The country declared its independence on the seventh of September of eighteen twenty-two.
The country declared its neutrality.
The country declared war against its neighbor.
The country declared war against its neighbour.
The country declared war on its neighbour.
The country demands social justice.
The country enjoyed a short period of economic diversification.
The country fell into the invader's hand.
The country fell into the invader’s hand.
The country fell under communist rule following World War II.
The country had been devastated by long war.
The country has a government of its own and diplomatic relations with more than 100 other nations.
The country has a large population.
The country has an official policy of linguistic homogenization.
The country has an unguarded coastline that's more than 3,000 kilometers in length and open borders.
The country has consistently emphasized that a lasting resolution can only be achieved through disengaging and reducing the number of troops from all remaining friction points.
The country has declared war on its neighbour.
The country has emptied, the punks have filled it.
The country has few natural resources and a weak industrial base.
The country has had champions in sports like fencing, paddle tennis, futsal, water polo, sailing, boxing, rhythmic gymnastics, handball, track and field, soccer, basketball, and badminton.
The country has huge coal deposits.
The country has important iron deposits.
The country has power in international affairs.
The country has resources, but can't exploit them.
The country has seen an upswing in gold exploration, production, and exports.
The country has sunk to a point of no return.
The country he will go to is far away.
The country house was complete, with a swimming pool, a barbecue, a soccer field and a pool table.
The country imports nearly all of its needed supplies of natural gas and oil products.
The country is abundant in natural resources.
The country is accused of weaponizing the internet to cripple its enemies.
The country is aiming at decreasing its imports.
The country is becoming increasingly homogeneous.
The country is confronted with a financial crisis.
The country is covered with snow.
The country is criss-crossed by a large number of railways lines.
The country is devastated by drought.
The country is divided into two parts.
The country is divided, yet there are mountains and rivers.
The country is famous for the rapid growth of its economy.
The country is generally poor.
The country is going through a period of economic instability.
The country is headed on the wrong track.
The country is heading in the right direction.
The country is in a bad economic state.
The country is in crisis.
The country is in ruins, yet still there are mountains and rivers.
The country is in the grasp of the enemy.
The country is in turmoil.
The country is isolated economically and politically.
The country is mice-infested.
The country is not facing a financial crisis, Citigroup Chief Executive Officer Michael Corbat said in the meeting.
The country is on the edge of an abyss.
The country is on the road to democracy.
The country is on the verge of economic collapse.
The country is on the way to becoming a democratic nation.
The country is quickly urbanizing.
The country is renowned for the beauty of its mountain scenery.
The country is rich in natural resources.
The country is supported by industry.
The country is trying hard to make up for her trade deficit.
The country is twice the size of England.
The country is under a blanket of snow.
The country is under a pandemic.
The country is unique, grand and gigantic!
The country is unique, magnificent and gigantic!
The country is very different from what it was just after the war.
The country is vulnerable to devastating storms.
The country is well on the way to industrialization.
The country isn't even safe for tourists right now.
The country isn't ready.
The country isn't rich in natural resources.
The country joined NATO in 2004 and the EU in 2007.
The country kept faith with her ally.
The country must be very beautiful.
The country must import a high proportion of its food, mainly from New Zealand.
The country needs a change.
The country needs young people to protest more.
The country needs your help.
The country oppresses its linguistic minorities.
The country oppresses its minorities.
The country perished under Tom Jackson's rule.
The country presents a serious shortage of doctors.
The country prospered under Tom Jackson's rule.
The country remained neutral during the Second World War.
The country remains the poorest in the former Soviet sphere.
The country respects the Prime Minister.
The country respects the president.
The country seethed over the issue of national defense.
The country stagnated economically for the next half century.
The country that I hope to move to and settle down in is Turkey.
The country that doesn't protect foreigners is condemned to perish.
The country tried to switch to green energy.
The country was gearing up for war.
The country was governed by a French noble family.
The country was in a state of anarchy at that time.
The country was in a state of upheaval.
The country was industrialized very quickly.
The country was placed under night-time curfew.
The country was teeming with Nazi agents.
The country was torn by war.
The country was trying to switch to green energy.
The country was unable to pay its debts.
The country was wasted by war.
The country with the most Syrians after Syria is Turkey.
The country witnessed the historic election in 2009 of four women to its National Assembly.
The country's Communications and Media Commission accused the network of bias and defamation, saying the report lacked professionalism, balance and reliable evidence.
The country's agricultural base is largely dependent on government subsidies.
The country's anti-corruption agency, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, says it recovered more than $4 billion from fraudsters in the past six years.
The country's banking sector is sound and predominantly foreign owned.
The country's civilization has advanced.
The country's currency is the euro.
The country's demographics are changing.
The country's economy collapsed.
The country's economy depends on agriculture.
The country's economy has developed making use of its rich national resources.
The country's economy is about to collapse.
The country's economy needed to stabilise so tourism could return to normal.
The country's economy was dislocated by the war.
The country's falling apart.
The country's first president, Habib Bourguiba, established a strict one-party state.
The country's foreign policy appeared to be leaning toward detente.
The country's foreign trade depends entirely on this port.
The country's government has an official policy of linguistic homogenization.
The country's government has the lowest number of ministers in the past ten years.
The country's largest estimated cause of death is suicide.
The country's linguistic minorities are denied the possibility of attending school in their native language.
The country's linguistic minorities are gradually being assimilated.
The country's linguistic minorities are gradually disappearing.
The country's linguistic minorities are in decline.
The country's linguistic minorities are not allowed to attend school in their native language.
The country's main products are cocoa and gold.
The country's main social problem is poverty.
The country's only international airport has become the latest example of debt-trap diplomacy.
The country's police force is undermanned and ill-prepared to take on the gangs.
The country's political circumstances are going from bad to worse.
The country's secret services thwarted several conspiracies against the crown.
The country's tax base was shrinking.
The country, while oppressive, is significantly better than its neighbors.
The countryside has many trees.
The countryside in the south is picturesque.
The countryside is beautiful in the spring.
The countryside is beautiful.
The countryside is inconvenient, but it has many advantages that you will find nowhere else.
The countryside is magnificent.
The countryside is peaceful.
The countryside is pretty.
The countryside is quieter than the city.
The countryside is truly picturesque.
The countryside was bleak, inspiring in him the thought that there are two kinds of desolation; the one that precedes the coming of Man, and the one which he knows only too well how to create wherever he goes.
The country’s central bank last week increased interest rates for the first time in nine years, a move that could retard the country’s post-pandemic recovery.
The country’s civilization has advanced.
The country’s economy depends on agriculture.
The country’s economy has developed making use of its rich national resources.
The country’s economy is about to collapse.
The country’s economy was dislocated by the war.
The country’s foreign trade totally depends on this port.
The country’s fourth-largest city is eerily quiet, as most residents heed calls by authorities to stay home.
The country’s main products are cocoa and gold.
The country’s main social problem is poverty.
The county administration works slowly.
The coup attempt was foiled at the last moment.
The coup d'etat in Brazil is an affront to democracy.
The coup was carried out carefully.
The coup was defeated.
The coup was meticulously executed.
The couple I met at the hospital last week have named their baby Tom.
The couple I met in the park told me that their names were Tom and Mary.
The couple adopted the baby and loved him as they would their own.
The couple are going out of the church.
The couple broke off their engagement.
The couple broke up.
The couple carved their initials in an oak tree.
The couple carved their initials into the oak tree.
The couple celebrated their anniversary with a romantic dinner.
The couple decided to adopt an orphan.
The couple doesn't fight often these days, but they used to a lot.
The couple doesn’t fight often these days, but they used to a lot.
The couple ended their engagement.
The couple had a son.
The couple had another falling out at that point.
The couple had divorced, but their daughter reunited them.
The couple had four children, three daughters and a son.
The couple had made a decision to adopt a child.
The couple had no children, and rarely saw each other.
The couple had seven children and eight grandchildren.
The couple had seven children, four of whom survived them.
The couple has a business of selling greeting cards.
The couple has been falling out over what TV program to watch for over a week.
The couple has been fighting for custody of their children for a long time.
The couple has children.
The couple has three school-aged children.
The couple have drifted apart from each other.
The couple have four sons and thirteen grandchildren.
The couple have no less than seven children.
The couple have one daughter.
The couple have seven children.
The couple is on the dance floor.
The couple is talking.
The couple is walking hand in hand.
The couple led a happy life.
The couple like to go on trips by just themselves.
The couple lived a happy life to the end.
The couple named their first child Mark.
The couple next door are always arguing.
The couple next door are fighting again.
The couple next door have started arguing again.
The couple next door have started to argue again.
The couple paid a lot of money for their furniture.
The couple parted, never to meet again.
The couple posed for the photograph.
The couple put their house on the market.
The couple quarreled, but soon made up.
The couple quarrelled, but soon made up.
The couple sat down for a charming alfresco dinner in the garden.
The couple separated, never to see each other again.
The couple sitting on that bench over there are my parents.
The couple spent a lot of money on furnishing their house.
The couple split up.
The couple took a horse carriage that evening.
The couple transformed chemistry into a modern science.
The couple traveled without their children.
The couple walked holding hands in the moonlight.
The couple wants to adopt African children.
The couple wants to purchase a home.
The couple was happy.
The couple was quarrelling and Chris knocked Beth down.
The couple was showered with gifts for their golden anniversary.
The couple was walking arm in arm.
The couple wasn't able to produce the down payment for the loan.
The couple wasn’t able to produce the down payment for the loan.
The couple went off on their honeymoon.
The couple went on a romantic morning walk.
The couple went to the register and paid.
The couple were the same age.
The couple who came on a shrine visit said, "We prayed that our child would grow up healthy."
The couple who came on a shrine visit, Kouji Oonishi (40) and his wife Yukie (34) said, "We prayed that our child would grow up healthily."
The couple's relationship slowly began to drift apart after the relocation.
The couple's valiant efforts to appease and win over their extended relatives reveal larger questions of systemic oppression, identity, and gender that have been passed down to the present day over many generations.
The couple, who travel from London to Spain about once a month, are now considering moving permanently to their new home.
The couples carved their initials in oak trees.
The coupons are made in Algeria.
The courier carries many letters.
The courier got lost.
The courier has arrived.
The courier is enamored with East Asian cinema.
The courier is late.
The courier just arrived.
The course begins on October 20th.
The course does not end today.
The course doesn't end today.
The course included writing literary analyses and essays.
The course is credited for 50 minutes.
The course is divided into four smaller units.
The course is in Berber.
The course lasts a fortnight.
The course lasts for two weeks.
The course of a day is determined during the morning, so it is important to greet people in good spirits.
The course of action is unclear.
The course of the river has been diverted by the flood.
The course of the ship was straight east.
The course of true love never did run smooth.
The course starts in October.
The course that goes deeper into the scientific approaches is the continuation of the course on theory.
The course was difficult.
The course will be continued at nine.
The course will last fourteen days.
The courses at the Center for Music Entrepreneurship are among the most popular at the Manhattan School of Music. In fact, demand has begun to exceed slots, and the program is expanding. This success has in turn inspired other conservatories to teach business skills for tomorrow’s musical careers.
The courses began at 5 p.m. on Monday.
The courses take about nine months to complete.
The court acquitted him of the charge of murder.
The court adjudged him not guilty.
The court adjudged that the will was valid.
The court assembled for the queen’s announcement.
The court awaited her decision with bated breath.
The court called on the lawyer to give evidence.
The court condemned the man to death by lethal injection.
The court declared her incompetent.
The court declared him incompetent.
The court declared him innocent on the charge of murder.
The court declared the defendant innocent.
The court decreed that she should pay the fine.
The court decreed that the charge be paid.
The court delays decision.
The court denied my claim.
The court denied the appeal.
The court didn't have enough evidence to convict him.
The court exonerated Tom.
The court found him guilty and ordered him shot.
The court found him guilty of stealing money.
The court found him guilty.
The court gathered for the evening’s entertainment.
The court has issued a ruling.
The court has the power to mete out sentences.
The court has to apply a balancing test.
The court heard the testimony of Tom Jackson.
The court is adjourned until 3:00 p.m. on March 1st.
The court judged him guilty.
The court judged that the witness committed perjury.
The court judged the case.
The court murmured with excitement as the king approached.
The court musicians played a soft waltz.
The court ordered her to pay the fine.
The court ordered him to pay the fine.
The court ordered me to pay a hundred thousand dollars in damages.
The court ruled that Muslim schoolgirls could not be exempted from swimming lessons.
The court ruled that Tom's children could spend every second weekend with him.
The court ruled that the mayor's decision to use public funds to make a loan to assist a local business, which shortly afterward declared bankruptcy, had been within the scope of the mayor's discretionary powers in the normal discharge of his duties.
The court sentenced him to 18 years of labor, with no possibility of early release.
The court sentenced him to be hanged.
The court sentenced him to death.
The court session lasted for three hours.
The court shall apportion property rights among the claimants.
The court stenographer made a mistake.
The court stood in silence as the queen entered.
The court there commented that "the decisions of the common-law courts have been lamentably conflicting" on this point and stated that it did not have room to list the "vast number of inconsistent and almost contradictory cases upon this somewhat confused branch of the law".
The court was in session from eight in the morning to five in the afternoon.
The court whispered as the queen entered the room.
The court will sit next week.
The court's decision could be announced today.
The court's decision is final.
The court's decision was not appealed.
The courthouse is on Park Street.
The courthouse ordered new gavels.
The courtier was enjoying great royal favor.
The courtroom resonated with passionate debates whose ultimate goal was to uncover the truth.
The courtroom was packed.
The courts administer the law.
The courts have already unseated a handful of governors who had been sworn in to the powerful positions.
The courts will decide that.
The courts will decide.
The courtship rituals of different species during mating season can be fascinating to observe.
The courtyard is covered with weeds.
The courtyard is overgrown with weeds.
The courtyard looks neglected with all the fallen leaves.
The couscous didn't taste bad at all.
The couscous is fabulous.
The couscous looked lovely.
The couscous should be ready in about ten minutes.
The couscous tastes great.
The couscous was delicious.
The couscous wasn't that bad.
The cousin of my cousin was gay and Filipino. He, like I, learned Japanese and sojourned in Japan, but his tilt was towards the gay scene in Tokyo.
The cousins are similar in appearance but widely different in character.
The cover charge is $30 per person.
The cover doesn't fit well.
The cover of this book has been torn off.
The cover read "Berber Dictionary."
The coverage is overwhelmingly negative.
The covering of my house is new.
The covers of this book are too far apart.
The covers on the bed were moved.
The coveted Nobel Peace prize will be awarded on Friday.
The cow ate.
The cow cast a calf.
The cow cast her calf.
The cow does not eat meat.
The cow doesn't drink milk, but water.
The cow eats grass.
The cow forgot that it once was a calf.
The cow gave birth to a calf with two heads.
The cow gives us milk.
The cow goes "moo" and the cat goes "meow."
The cow goes "moo," the rooster goes "cock-a-doodle-doo," the pig goes "oink, oink," the duck goes "quack, quack" and the cat goes "meow."
The cow has been sacrificed.
The cow is a symbol of Europe.
The cow is almost impossible to handle.
The cow is anything but bright.
The cow is at the farm, too.
The cow is drying up.
The cow is grazing in the field.
The cow is in the river.
The cow is mooing.
The cow is sacred to the local people.
The cow jumped over the moon.
The cow left.
The cow lost its calf.
The cow made a full recovery.
The cow miscarried.
The cow missed being hit by a gnat's whisker.
The cow missed being hit by a gnat’s whisker.
The cow mooed.
The cow moos, the rooster crows, the pig oinks, the duck quacks, and the cat meows.
The cow moos.
The cow supplies us with milk.
The cow walks on four legs.
The cow was milked twice a day.
The cow would have given her milk had the time been right.
The coward is the first to raise his fist.
The coward only threatens when he is safe.
The coward ran away.
The cowboy counted all the cattle.
The cowboy entered the saloon.
The cowboy quickly jumped out the window.
The cowboys rode into an unknown town.
The cowboys rounded up the herd of cattle.
The cowboys rounded up the herd.
The cowboys worked together to corral the cattle.
The cowboys' jeans.
The cowhouse and piggeries were very clean, and all the buildings were of excellent design and well-built.
The cowl does not make the monk.
The coworker claimed he had missed the bus.
The cows are eating grass in the meadow.
The cows are eating grass.
The cows are fed antibiotics and hormones.
The cows are grazing peacefully.
The cows are in danger.
The cows are milked at six.
The cows are on the farm.
The cows are resting beneath the tree.
The cows behind my house only eat tulips.
The cows defecated all over the barn.
The cows died from the cold.
The cows drank water and had their fill.
The cows eagerly devoured the fresh alfalfa.
The cows escaped from the paddock.
The cows give us good milk.
The cows got to a new pasture.
The cows grant us their milk, and the chickens grant us their eggs.
The cows graze peacefully.
The cows grazed in the pasture.
The cows grazed peacefully.
The cows have gone out to graze.
The cows have had their fill.
The cows in India are sacred to many people.
The cows in the meadow were mooing.
The cows looked big and docile.
The cows made their way back to the grazing range.
The cows need to be fed all night long.
The cows need to be milked twice a day.
The cows seem happy.
The cows sometimes appear in the middle of major intersections, blithely unaware of honking horns and the rush-hour traffic that has screeched to a halt.
The cows started running in the corral.
The cows went out to graze.
The cows were grazing nearby.
The cows were mooing in the meadow.
The cows were moving very slowly through the long green grass.
The cows were rounded up for milking.
The cows were still here.
The coxswain egged his crewmen on, and made a winning spurt at the last lap of the regatta.
The coyote and the lizard said there were so many poppies that on a clear day, from the mainland, the big island shimmered golden in the sun.
The coyote lived off of coffee shop scones and neighbor cats.
The coyote skulks among the scrub, the buzzard flaps heavily through the air, and the clumsy grizzly bear lumbers through the dark ravines, and picks up such sustenance as it can amongst the rocks. These are the sole dwellers in the wilderness.
The coyotes in this neighborhood aren't very clever.
The coyotes killed the poodle.
The crab is an animal that lives at sea.
The crab's pincers tightened around my wrist.
The crabs eat much like humans eat popcorn.
The crabs were taken to be sold at the fish market.
The crack comes down from the top of the windshield.
The crack in Yanni's windshield has some dirt in it.
The crack in Yanni's windshield is barely visible.
The crack in Yanni's windshield is completely gone.
The crack in Yanni's windshield is hardly noticeable.
The crack in Yanni's windshield is small.
The crack in Yanni's windshield needs to be repaired professionally.
The crack in Yanni's windshield started to spread.
The crack in the windshield has started to disappear.
The crack on Yanni's windshield is small.
The cracked glass that had not been repaired for years, the window frames whose paint had begun to fade in the sun, the curtains discoloured by the dirt, and the damp stains on the ceiling were obvious even before you entered the devastated interior.
The cracker contains only a gram of fat.
The cracking sound startled us.
The crackling continued closer to the tent.
The crackling sound of the fireplace always soothed Matthew and put him at ease.
The crackling sound of the firewood burning warmed Matthew's cold hands.
The cradle is as brand new as the born babe lying in it.
The craft has two massive solar panels, 7 meters each, that will provide the power it needs to travel 850 million kilometers from the sun.
The craftsman couldn't join the guild because he was Jewish.
The craftsmanship is extraordinary.
The crafty thief hid in a tool shed.
The cranberries aren't going to pick themselves.
The cranberry is one of the few fruits that's native to North America.
The crane accidentally dropped the pot of molten metal.
The crane can lift twenty tons of concrete.
The crane carefully lifted each piece of the roof into place.
The crane is a wading bird.
The crane picked up the concrete block and laid it in the middle of the road.
The crane turns smoothly.
The crane was standing on one leg.
The crane, unlike the dog, has never dreamed of flying.
The cranes land in the shallows of a small pond where they will roost tonight, and cool off.
The cranes tend to make their nests in the bell towers of churches.
The cranium contains the brain.
The crankshaft is broken.
The crash at the intersection in front of the post office killed three people.
The crash barrier prevented his car from veering off the highway.
The crash dented half of Yanni's car door.
The crash happened three years ago.
The crash is under investigation.
The crash was about three kilometers from the airport.
The crash was and remains to date the deadliest airplane accident on Canadian soil.
The crash wasn't fatal.
The crashed plane burst into flames.
The crate weighs 10 kg.
The crate weighs ten kilos.
The crater was a possible oasis in its distant past.
The crates were full of medlars.
The crazier or more unusual the mnemonic, the easier it is to remember.
The crazier, the better.
The craziness has crossed a line.
The crazy blizzard went on for four days.
The crazy gunman threatened to kill me.
The crazy thing about life is that you live for the future, only being able to understand the past.
The creaking continued.
The creaking of the masts; the straining and groaning of bulkheads, as the ship labored in the weltering sea, were frightful.
The creaking sound continued.
The creaking sounds were getting closer.
The cream exploded into a cliche in the author's coffee mug.
The cream of the German film industry were at the premiere, strolling across the red carpet.
The creaminess of the avocado in Benedito's salad is a great addition.
The creaminess of the goat cheese in Benedito's salad is a great addition.
The creamy brie melted on my tongue, leaving a rich, buttery taste behind.
The creamy mashed potatoes were enhanced with garlic powder.
The creation killed its creator.
The creation of an exclusively Jewish state in Palestine is almost universally rejected by Arab and Muslim nations.
The creation showcases China’s progress in voice recognition, text mining and semantic analysis, all of which is covered by natural language processing.
The creations of a great writer are little more than the moods and passions of his own heart, given surnames and Christian names, and sent to walk the earth.
The creative personality can give two shits about rules.
The creativity of my desk partner was enviable.
The creator of Shrek, which was originally a children's book, was the son of Polish Jewish immigrants.
The creature Felix saw in the woods was definitely not human.
The creature Ziri kept in the lab was horrible and disgusting.
The creature Ziri saw had six limbs.
The creature Ziri saw in the woods still gives him nightmares.
The creature appeared and headed towards the house.
The creature appeared.
The creature attacked the other kid.
The creature attempted to get inside the vehicle.
The creature backed up a little.
The creature broke the car’s windshield.
The creature came from behind Igor's tent.
The creature came into view.
The creature came out of the water and began to crawl.
The creature came to the backyard.
The creature chased Igor for a while.
The creature clearly didn't want us around there.
The creature cocked its head to the side.
The creature collapsed to the ground.
The creature continued to do that gurgling growl.
The creature continued to snarl as it got closer to Boris.
The creature could have originated from Bruno’s lab.
The creature crawled on all fours.
The creature crawled towards Leon.
The creature crawled towards Ziri.
The creature didn't have a good sense of smell.
The creature didn't move.
The creature didn't pursue Ziri past the fence.
The creature disappeared.
The creature dropped from out of a tree.
The creature dropped out of a tree.
The creature effortlessly climbed the tree.
The creature extended its slimy hands to Damiano.
The creature fascinated Leonid.
The creature followed Ziri in that direction.
The creature got to Ziri in less than five seconds.
The creature grabbed Lukas with its tentacles.
The creature grabbed the deer and dragged it away.
The creature had Ziri's head in its mouth.
The creature had a pair of antlers atop its head.
The creature had a spiked tail.
The creature had an elongated nose like a dog.
The creature had antlers atop its head.
The creature had baboon-like canines.
The creature had big slitted eyes.
The creature had black fur.
The creature had black skin.
The creature had clearly powerful jaws.
The creature had demonic yellow eyes.
The creature had five long digits ended with claws.
The creature had glowing eyes kind of like a cat's.
The creature had glowing yellow eyes.
The creature had hollow eyes.
The creature had large antlers.
The creature had lizard-like eyes.
The creature had no eyes.
The creature had razor-sharp teeth.
The creature had ridiculously huge canines.
The creature had rotting skin.
The creature had see-through skin.
The creature had sharp and jagged teeth.
The creature had sharp teeth.
The creature had slow-moving wings.
The creature had the head of an antelope and the body of a person.
The creature had thick and sharp teeth.
The creature had two bright yellow eyes.
The creature had unnaturally long arms and legs.
The creature hit the vehicle from different directions.
The creature hobbled over to Leonid.
The creature hunched down.
The creature is coming for Gunter.
The creature is taller than an average human.
The creature jumped back in the water.
The creature just continued to hover.
The creature just seemed to be floating there.
The creature kept pulling Paul into the water.
The creature leaned forward a little and smelt Ziri's scent.
The creature leapt twenty feet into the air.
The creature left.
The creature let out a demonic roar.
The creature let out a growl.
The creature lives in the trees behind Ziri's house.
The creature looked like a Sasquatch.
The creature looked like a combination of a bear and an elk.
The creature looked like a giant insect.
The creature looked like a gnome.
The creature looked like a hyena, but bigger.
The creature made that noise again.
The creature made the noise again.
The creature mimicked Ziri's voice.
The creature moved farther away.
The creature never moved at all since it emerged from the water.
The creature opened its mouth and showed Ziri its horrible teeth.
The creature opened its mouth, revealing shark teeth.
The creature opened its mouth.
The creature ran into the woods, never to be seen again.
The creature reminded me of a bear.
The creature ripped Gustavo apart.
The creature saw Santiago and gave chase.
The creature seemed to be watching us.
The creature shouldn't be let out into the world.
The creature sneaked back into the shadows.
The creature spoke with a demonic voice.
The creature spotted Ziri.
The creature started its descent.
The creature started moving its head from side to side.
The creature started moving.
The creature started running like a cheetah.
The creature started running.
The creature stepped closer.
The creature stood at least fourteen feet tall.
The creature stood at some forty feet away.
The creature stood on the fuel.
The creature stood on two legs.
The creature suddenly flew towards Lukas and bit him on the cheek.
The creature survived.
The creature terrorized the villagers.
The creature took a step towards Kalman.
The creature took a step towards Leonid.
The creature took a swipe at Ziri.
The creature towered over Ziri at about four meters in height.
The creature tried to reach the girl but Paul shot it dead.
The creature turned and looked at Ziri.
The creature turned its head to look at us.
The creature turned to look at Boris.
The creature viciously attacked the dog.
The creature walked up to Ziri to check him out.
The creature wanted Ziri out of there.
The creature was about four feet tall.
The creature was already gone.
The creature was at least fourteen feet tall.
The creature was attached to Igor fully.
The creature was big with grey hair.
The creature was big with grey-white hair or fur.
The creature was burnt by the sun.
The creature was coming for Felix.
The creature was completely silent.
The creature was dark and featureless.
The creature was definitely not a bear.
The creature was distracted.
The creature was getting closer to Kalman.
The creature was large and clearly visible.
The creature was looking around for the fish.
The creature was massive and heavy.
The creature was massive.
The creature was moving at a decent pace.
The creature was moving upright on two legs.
The creature was probably completely blind.
The creature was right there, watching Ziri.
The creature was shaking its whole body.
The creature was slimy and worm-like.
The creature was staring at Felix with glowing eyes.
The creature was still hot on Ziri's tail.
The creature was still out there.
The creature was still there.
The creature was tall and its chest was well built.
The creature was tall, but heavily emaciated.
The creature was taller than the ceiling and had to bend to fit into the room.
The creature was thin and pale.
The creature was trying to intimidate Kalman.
The creature was trying to wipe out humanity.
The creature was watching us.
The creature's body was mostly covered in fur.
The creature's body was reminiscent of a bear.
The creature's eyes began to glow brighter.
The creature's eyes had a green glow about them.
The creature's eyes looked they were full of nothing more than hatred.
The creature's feet were hoofed.
The creature's head resembled a rabid wolf.
The creature's hollow eyes stared at Ziri.
The creature's jaws were like those of a dog's.
The creature's legs were not proportional to its body. They were very tall and thin.
The creature's limbs were twisted.
The creature's mouth was full of long sharp teeth.
The creature's pale skin was translucent.
The creature's skin hung off its body.
The creatures broke into the house.
The creatures disappeared.
The creatures don’t like bright light.
The creatures emerged to replenish their ranks by kidnapping children and turning them into creatures like them.
The creatures he thought of looked like flying vomit to everyone else.
The creatures living at the bottom of the deep sea often have bizarre shapes and display surprising behavior.
The creatures reached for me.
The creatures saw Lukas.
The creatures swarmed Gunter.
The creatures tried to harm Gunter.
The creatures turned and swarmed towards Ziri.
The creatures were gone.
The creatures were hiding amongst the manikins.
The creatures were struck dead, one after the other, with amazing precision and effectiveness.
The credibility and veracity of the report that pieces of the plane have been found, cannot yet be verified.
The credit cards are plastic.
The credit is all his.
The credit is not mine.
The credit knife man told us that the CCP will collapse this year.
The creek disappeared into the ground again.
The creek had red water.
The creek ran red with blood.
The creek runs down from the pond.
The creek was frozen.
The creek's on our right.
The creek's to our right.
The creepiest room was the bathroom.
The crescendo angina persuaded the doctor to order a stress test.
The crescent moon and star is a symbol of Islam.
The crescent moon is visible.
The crescent moon still shone as the sun was rising over the skyline in the east.
The crew abandoned the ship.
The crew and Daphnis fell into the sea and came to the surface again but they had not equal chances for preservation. The pirates had their swords at their sides and their bucklers slung behind them, while their greaves reached to the middle of their legs; whereas Daphnis, as usual when he tended his herd in the plains, had not even his sandals on, and, moreover, as the season was very warm, he was scarcely dressed.
The crew began working on the plan.
The crew braced for impact.
The crew can enter the underwater vehicle using a plug-in module.
The crew consists of fourteen members, all led by Pietro.
The crew found a stowaway.
The crew gathered abaft to prepare for docking.
The crew got ready for departure.
The crew had to abandon the sinking ship.
The crew has to obey the captain.
The crew is busy preparing for the voyage into outer space.
The crew is getting ready for departure.
The crew is large.
The crew is now opening the hatch.
The crew is tense.
The crew jumped for joy.
The crew lowered the body into the sea.
The crew members will return home by air Sunday and be quarantined on Sebaru Kecil, an uninhabited island in Thousand Islands, near Jakarta.
The crew prepared for the voyage across the Pacific Ocean.
The crew prepared for the voyage to outer space.
The crew swabbed the deck clean.
The crew was doing what they needed to do.
The crew was supportive.
The crew was uninjured.
The crew were all waiting for the news.
The crews, having plenty of provisions among their plunder, ate and drank and gave themselves up to rejoicing, as if they had been celebrating a festival of victory.
The cricket chirps.
The cricket is a good singer who can sing long notes.
The cricket is chirping softly.
The cricket is on the table.
The cricket match must be won by South Africa by six runs.
The cricket soon attracted a female.
The crickets were now quiet as well.
The cries fell silent.
The cries of hurray were deafening.
The cries of the foul birds awoke the two sleepers, who stared about them in bewilderment.
The cries of the orphan.
The cries of wolves in the distance gave Mary a sense of foreboding.
The crime investigators are looking into the murder case.
The crime is almost solved.
The crime is serious.
The crime occurred at 2:30 in the First Canadian Bank on Park Street.
The crime of adultery was abolished in 1947.
The crime rate here is now less than half what it was three years ago.
The crime rate in this area is high.
The crime rate in this area is higher than the national average.
The crime rate in this town is high.
The crime rate is decreasing in Canada.
The crime rate is going up.
The crime rate is increasing in this country.
The crime rate is low.
The crime rate is rising steadily.
The crime rate is steadily decreasing.
The crime scene had the earmarks of a professional execution.
The crime scene was in a dilapidated motel.
The crime scene was thoroughly investigated.
The crime scene wasn't secured.
The crime was almost perfect.
The crime was committed in cold blood.
The crime was exceptionally cruel.
The crime was one of the worst acts of violence I've ever seen in my 25 years of investigative services.
The crime was premeditated.
The crime was unspeakably violent.
The crime went unsolved.
The crime would have been perfect if the thief hadn't forgotten to wipe his fingerprints.
The crimes Western nations committed across the world will come back to haunt them.
The crimes of Hitler and Stalin were not equally heinous.
The crimes of the IDF must be denounced.
The criminal actions of the colonists must be denounced.
The criminal and his companions ran away while we took our eyes off.
The criminal and his companions ran away while we weren't looking.
The criminal attempted to launder money.
The criminal became a Christian and turned over a new leaf.
The criminal begged the judge for mercy.
The criminal came out of the house with arms raised.
The criminal committed a horrible crime.
The criminal confessed to theft.
The criminal confessed.
The criminal did evil things as a child.
The criminal didn't let the hostages go.
The criminal didn’t let the hostages go.
The criminal disappeared into the crowd.
The criminal disclosed all the facts of the case eventually.
The criminal escaped from prison.
The criminal escaped from the prison.
The criminal fled the scene of the crime.
The criminal gave himself up to the police.
The criminal got very tired from the fight with the two officers.
The criminal had an accomplice.
The criminal had to conceal his identity.
The criminal has not been caught yet.
The criminal investigation is ongoing.
The criminal is among us.
The criminal is armed and highly dangerous.
The criminal is nervous.
The criminal is not Bob, but his twin brother.
The criminal is still at large.
The criminal is sure to do time for robbing the store.
The criminal is tense.
The criminal is terrifying local residents.
The criminal left footprints.
The criminal pleaded with him to change his mind.
The criminal robbed the landlord of a hundred thousand dollars and ran away.
The criminal tracked Tom down and killed him.
The criminal tried to cover his tracks.
The criminal tried to make Tom's death look like an accident.
The criminal turned herself in to the police.
The criminal turned himself in to the police.
The criminal was apprehended by an off-duty policeman.
The criminal was apprehended by the police.
The criminal was arrested and put into prison.
The criminal was arrested by a plainclothes police officer.
The criminal was arrested by the police.
The criminal was arrested by two police officers.
The criminal was arrested.
The criminal was known to the police, even though he kept remaining the Minister of Interior.
The criminal was placed in chains.
The criminal was put into handcuffs.
The criminal was sent into exile.
The criminal was sent to the gallows.
The criminals got caught after they posted pictures of themselves on Facebook with stolen goods and money.
The criminals have all been apprehended.
The criminals left Gabor alone and ran away.
The criminals managed to escape.
The criminals taunted the police officers and prison guards.
The criminals used steganography to hide their communication in plain sight.
The crimson flowers will bloom in January.
The crisis affected every aspect of their lives.
The crisis brought the country to its knees.
The crisis caused severe academic damage.
The crisis could have been foreseen.
The crisis could start a revolution in economic ideology.
The crisis could've been foreseen.
The crisis directly affected our country.
The crisis escalated faster than anyone imagined.
The crisis exposed the deep flaws in the system.
The crisis forced them to make difficult choices.
The crisis forced them to rethink their future.
The crisis had a ripple effect on the economy.
The crisis had pushed them to the brink of despair.
The crisis has given risen to a sense of solidarity and common purpose throughout Italy.
The crisis has given risen to a sense of solidarity and common purpose throughout the country.
The crisis impacted large African nations like Algeria.
The crisis impacted large oil-producing nations like Algeria.
The crisis is approaching.
The crisis is entering a dangerous phase.
The crisis is over.
The crisis led to the 1968 Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
The crisis made them realize what truly mattered in life.
The crisis of capitalism concerns Chinese communists.
The crisis of the 1980s hit Algeria's agricultural sector hard.
The crisis put everyone in a state of panic.
The crisis revealed the true nature of those in power.
The crisis should serve as an impetus, first of all, to the development of strategies for the future, and not only to the search for mistakes and the reasons for their occurrence in the past.
The crisis showed no signs of slowing down.
The crisis was foreseeable.
The crisis was predictable.
The crisp air hinted at autumn.
The crisp air nipped at us.
The crisp was salty and crunchy.
The crispy fried chicken was a perfect balance of golden brown exterior and juicy interior.
The criteria for autism were narrower in the 1970s than they are today.
The criteria for the Jewish Messiah are not compatible with the life of Jesus.
The critic considered every aspect of the defense program.
The critic wrote a searing review of the book.
The critical control points for cranberry sauce include the washing area where berries are first received, filtration and metal detection points where any foreign materials are removed, a heat treatment pasteurization area, and acidity checks, among others.
The critical period in matrimony is breakfast time.
The criticism appears very negative, except for "Dumpling."
The criticism of the actor's performance was just.
The criticism of the actor’s performance was just.
The criticism towards socialism and centralized planning has been a controversial topic.
The criticism was trenchant but fair.
The critics are raving about that movie.
The critics don't understand a damn thing!
The critics of these measures have been proved right.
The critics shot us down.
The critics were unimpressed.
The croaking frogs inspired tremor in Mary.
The crocodile came straight at him.
The crocodile didn't move.
The crocodile is a protected species.
The crocodile is a reptile.
The crocodile is an amphibian animal.
The crocodile is weeping.
The crocodile said a kind word!
The crocodile started swimming towards him.
The crocodile trapped the gnu as it tried to cross the river.
The crocodile tried to pull Boris into the river.
The crocodile, which produces only male young in hotter weather, might die out too because there will be no females to breed.
The crocus is a forerunner of spring.
The crocuses are in flower.
The croissant is not French but Austrian. It was created by a Viennese pastry cook to celebrate the lifting of the siege of Vienna by the Ottomans.
The croissants from the cafe at the corner are delicious!
The crook was Tom.
The crooks were arrested.
The crop suffered serious damage as a consequence of the early frost.
The crop was blasted by the severe cold.
The crop was blasted by the severe winter.
The crop was poor due to lack of water.
The crops are ruined.
The crops are up to the average.
The crops failed last year.
The crops have withered.
The crops need rain.
The crops planted on these lands include rice, corn, coconut, banana, and root crops.
The crops were badly damaged by the storm.
The crops were damaged by the flood.
The cross is not a pan-Christian idea, as Jehovah's Witnesses believe that it was a stake, not a cross.
The cross on the top of the church was weathered and blackened.
The cross was moved to the church.
The cross-eyed person cut the grass with a scythe.
The crossed flowers were never castrated, in order to make the experiments as like as possible to what occurs under nature with plants fertilised by the aid of insects.
The crossing cables have slackened dramatically.
The crossing guard waved us across.
The crossroads where the accident happened is near here.
The crow cawed from the tree.
The crow cawed from the treetop.
The crow cawed loudly in the morning.
The crow cawed loudly.
The crow caws.
The crow cries 'aa aa'.
The crow flew across the moonlit sky.
The crow flew away.
The crow is a carrion eater.
The crow is black.
The crow perched atop the old oak tree, cawing loudly.
The crow perched atop the tree, cawing loudly.
The crow perched on the fence, observing.
The crow soared gracefully across the sky.
The crow spread his wings.
The crow stayed perched on that branch until sunset.
The crow thinks her own birds fairest.
The crow was a sacred animal.
The crow was cawing loudly from the roof.
The crow was cawing loudly.
The crow's feathers are black.
The crow's feathers glistened with an iridescent black.
The crow's feathers shimmered with black iridescence.
The crow's feathers were glossy black.
The crowd acclaimed the new king.
The crowd applauded again.
The crowd applauded enthusiastically.
The crowd applauded for several minutes.
The crowd applauded.
The crowd assembled in front of the post office.
The crowd at Dave Chappelle shows nowadays is almost entirely right-wing, which makes it that much funnier that Elon Musk was booed by them.
The crowd at our local high school loved Daniel's band.
The crowd at the mall was frantic.
The crowd began to applaud.
The crowd began to chant.
The crowd began to dissipate.
The crowd began to grow restless.
The crowd began to shout.
The crowd begins to disassemble.
The crowd booed loudly.
The crowd booed the speaker off the stage.
The crowd broke out in hearty laughter.
The crowd burst into a standing ovation.
The crowd burst into applause.
The crowd burst into laughter.
The crowd buzzed with excitement.
The crowd calmed down.
The crowd chanted Ziri's name.
The crowd cheered again.
The crowd cheered as Tom crossed the finish line.
The crowd cheered as William made his way to the stage.
The crowd cheered for Gustavo to play.
The crowd cheered him on.
The crowd cheered the singer's entrance.
The crowd cheered the singer’s entrance.
The crowd cheered when he appeared.
The crowd cheered.
The crowd cheers for both teams.
The crowd clapped.
The crowd continued to jeer.
The crowd cried out for an encore.
The crowd demanded reelection.
The crowd demanded the arrest of Bill Gates.
The crowd demonstrated in support of human rights.
The crowd dispersed quickly.
The crowd dispersed.
The crowd egged him on to beat the officer.
The crowd erupted in applause as Gabriel waved to them.
The crowd erupted in applause as William finished his speech.
The crowd erupted in cheers as Gabriel waved the flag of victory.
The crowd erupted into applause.
The crowd erupted into laughter.
The crowd erupted with laughter.
The crowd fell silent.
The crowd filled the hall.
The crowd filled the square.
The crowd filled the streets.
The crowd flowed into the auditorium.
The crowd followed William, eager to see where he would lead them.
The crowd gasped as he spat me on my face.
The crowd gathered around the speaker.
The crowd gathered at the airport to see the President off.
The crowd gave the pair's coordinated performance lavish applause.
The crowd gave the winner a big hand.
The crowd gave way and let him pass.
The crowd gave way.
The crowd got out of control and broke through the fence.
The crowd grew larger minute by minute.
The crowd grew rapidly.
The crowd grew restless as William spoke, eager to hear what he had to say.
The crowd groaned.
The crowd had mixed reactions.
The crowd hailed the winner.
The crowd held up homemade signs and started chanting.
The crowd immediately grew quiet.
The crowd immediately parted to let Ziri through.
The crowd is a bad example of conduct.
The crowd is a lot bigger than I expected.
The crowd is appreciative.
The crowd is breaking up.
The crowd is cheering.
The crowd is dispersing now.
The crowd is going nuts.
The crowd is going wild.
The crowd is growing impatient.
The crowd is growing larger and larger.
The crowd is jubilant.
The crowd is starting to thin out.
The crowd is still screaming.
The crowd is still yelling.
The crowd is stunned.
The crowd is young.
The crowd laughed.
The crowd looked shocked.
The crowd looks confused.
The crowd loved the concert.
The crowd made for the nearest door.
The crowd may be on the side of Luciano, but the champ has got the skill to win and that's what matters.
The crowd may be on the side of Luciano, but the champ has got the skill to win and that’s what matters.
The crowd moaned.
The crowd obstructed the passage.
The crowd obstructed the police in the discharge of their duties.
The crowd of more than 70,000 people sang The Marseillaise — the French national anthem.
The crowd of people immediately became quiet.
The crowd of spectators cheered.
The crowd panicked.
The crowd parted as William walked through, his regal demeanor commanding respect.
The crowd parted like the Red Sea as William approached.
The crowd poured out of the auditorium.
The crowd poured out of the gym.
The crowd poured out of the stadium.
The crowd poured out of the station.
The crowd poured out through the gate.
The crowd pressed toward the gate.
The crowd protested against racial discrimination.
The crowd pushed Gabor aside so rudely.
The crowd refused to listen.
The crowd roared again.
The crowd roared in anticipation.
The crowd roared in delight.
The crowd roared with approval as William made his announcement.
The crowd roared with excitement as Gabriel raised the championship trophy.
The crowd rose as one and clapped.
The crowd rushed into the building.
The crowd rushed to the exit.
The crowd rushed to the fence.
The crowd rushed.
The crowd sang along to the music at the concert.
The crowd screamed loudly.
The crowd should show a bit of respect.
The crowd started booing Ceausescu.
The crowd started cheering.
The crowd started getting restless.
The crowd started to swarm the shopping center.
The crowd struggled to make for the exit.
The crowd surged forward, eager to catch a glimpse of William as he walked by.
The crowd surged forward.
The crowd surged into the auditorium.
The crowd swelled around William, making it difficult for him to move.
The crowd threw rocks at the mayor and didn't let him finish his speech.
The crowd waited in anticipation.
The crowd was a mix of young and old people.
The crowd was amazing.
The crowd was banging on Gustavo’s vehicle.
The crowd was chanting for Vladimir and Anna to kiss.
The crowd was cheering as Tom crossed the finish line.
The crowd was electrified.
The crowd was estimated to be about 3,000 people.
The crowd was evacuated by the police.
The crowd was fantastic.
The crowd was great.
The crowd was in a panic.
The crowd was making its way out of the building.
The crowd was mostly women and children.
The crowd was moving in a solid body.
The crowd was on fire, things got out of hand. I panicked and ran.
The crowd was really appreciative.
The crowd was screaming.
The crowd was silent as William spoke, hanging on his every word.
The crowd was silent.
The crowd was uproarious after the ref made a bad call.
The crowd was worked up.
The crowd watched from a safe distance.
The crowd watched in silence.
The crowd watched the fire from a safe distance.
The crowd went berserk when the band started playing.
The crowd went berserk.
The crowd went crazy when he got a goal.
The crowd went silent.
The crowd went wild when the news was announced.
The crowd went wild.
The crowd whistled and applauded at President Obama's speech.
The crowd whistled and applauded at President Obama’s speech.
The crowd whistled at the president.
The crowd yelled when he scored a goal.
The crowd yelled with delight.
The crowds at the market were overwhelming.
The crowds began to gather.
The crowds broke into loud cheers.
The crowds here are spectacular.
The crowing of a cock is the harbinger of dawn.
The crown is adorned with dozens of divinely lustrous gemstones.
The crown is the symbol of kings.
The crown is the top of the head.
The crown jewels were safely locked away.
The crown of this hat is too high.
The crown prince is the one who is to succeed to the throne.
The crown prince startled and stared at the speaker.
The crown should have gone to Martha.
The crown was set with gems.
The crowning of a pawn in chess is more valuable than the touchdown in football.
The crows are warning us to stay in the car.
The crows make their nest.
The crows were very on edge and tried to attack Damiano.
The crucial verb in SQL--Structured Query Language--is "SELECT." SELECT statements return row sets from tables, cursors, joins, or the row sets returned by other SELECT statements.
The crucifixion is an important part of the Holy Bible.
The crude oil price is falling further.
The cruel and disdainful comments of some English native speakers disregard the efforts and determination of foreign learners to master the language.
The cruel comments of some English native speaker make it harder for non-native speakers to feel confident in their abilities.
The cruel conman will not serve any longer behind bars.
The cruel man beat the dog with a whip.
The cruel remarks of some English native speakers create a barrier for effective communication.
The cruel remarks of some English native speakers perpetuate a sense of linguistic and even cultural superiority.
The cruel wizard turned the young boy into a turnip.
The cruelest lies are often told in silence.
The cruelty of some English native speakers discourages non-native speakers from using English.
The cruelty of the torture in the police station is beyond description.
The cruise for M.I.T. alumni was called "A Ship of Tools."
The cruise missiles were armed and ready to go.
The cruise ship is 280 metres long.
The cruise ship is sinking.
The cruise ship is two hundred and eighty metres long.
The crumbs I get for a salary don't get me anywhere.
The crumbs in between the couch cushions are nasty as anything.
The crumpled, smoking ruin was his parent's car.
The crunch of Benedito's salad is so satisfying.
The crunch of the croutons in Benedito's salad is so satisfying.
The crunch of the cucumbers in Benedito's salad is so refreshing.
The crunch of the sunflower seeds in Benedito's salad is a great addition.
The crunching started again.
The crusade against trans healthcare is being waged by politicians and clerics against doctors and biologists.
The crust is crunchy.
The crust is rising.
The crux of his argument can be found on p. 56.
The crux of the matter is poverty, not responsibility.
The cry echoed.
The cry roused me from my sleep.
The crybully claimed to have been "violently assaulted" after food was thrown at her in protest of her far-right politics.
The crying stopped.
The cryosphere includes areas of Earth where water is found in its frozen forms, such as snow and ice. A new study led by China’s Lanzhou University and published in an American Geographical Union journal suggests that the cryosphere shrunk by about 87,000 km² per year from 1979 and 2016 due to climate change.
The crystal clear water had a very pleasant temperature.
The crystal-clear water made it easy to see the fish.
The crystals contained in this bottle are specimens of this salt, which consists of a combination of ammonia and muriatic acid.
The crystals sparkled in the sunlight.
The crème de la crème of the German film industry were at the premiere, sauntering down the red carpet.
The ctenophores are by no means aberrant jellyfish, which they resemble only in the extreme tenuousness of their bodies. They have no umbrellas and no stinging cells.
The cube is light but the box is heavy.
The cube root of twenty-seven is three.
The cube's frozen.
The cubs take little notice of you at first; but after a time they suddenly stop playing, stare hard at you for half a minute, then bolt off helter-skelter into the forest of waving green wheat.
The cuckoo appeared and than disappeared in the clock.
The cuckoo sings 'cuck-koo'.
The cuckoo's song is a sign of spring.
The cucumber is bitter? Then throw it away!
The cucumber is green.
The cucumber was delicious.
The cucumbers you gave me were delicious.
The cue ball is white.
The cuffs of his suit jacket are badly frayed.
The culprit confessed to his deeds without blushing.
The culprit hasn't yet been arrested.
The culprit is caught like a rat in a trap.
The culprit was a Canadian man.
The cult guru was a kangaroo.
The cult of Tom is flourishing on Tatoeba.
The cultivated plant is of the perennial type, though it is planted annually, the old plants being dug up and burned, the ash being used as a fertiliser.
The cultural association "Hope".
The cultural treasures of the past, believed to be dead, are being made to speak, in the course of which it turns out that they propose things altogether different than what had been thought.
The cultural value of this unique collection is far greater than its material value.
The culture at Carlos's company was one of collaboration and teamwork.
The culture of the Chinese zodiac is deeply rooted in people's lives, language and literature.
The culture of the Chinese zodiac is deeply rooted in people’s lives, language and literature.
The culture war is staged by billionaires to prevent class war.
The culture was completely different from the one she was used to.
The cultures of the world are now becoming rather similar.
The culvert empties out behind my house.
The culvert was clogged with debris.
The cuneiform alphabet invented by the Sumerians was used by many languages in the ancient Near East.
The cuneiform script was used for more than 22 centuries.
The cup broke into smithereens.
The cup broke when it fell off the table.
The cup broke.
The cup fell out of my hands. "Did it break?" asked Tom.
The cup fell to the ground, shattering to pieces.
The cup handle has broken.
The cup has a crack.
The cup is black and white.
The cup is broken.
The cup is empty.
The cup is filled to the brim.
The cup is filled with water.
The cup is full!
The cup is full.
The cup is gold, but the bowl isn't.
The cup is light.
The cup is made of gold.
The cup is nice.
The cup is not always half full.
The cup is on the table.
The cup is silver.
The cup is to take pride of place in my study.
The cup is white.
The cup of coffee is full to the brim.
The cup of coffee is on your desk.
The cup of noodles I ate as a midnight snack are exceptional.
The cup of tea is on your desk.
The cup shattered when it hit the floor.
The cup spilled when it was bumped.
The cup stays warm.
The cup was empty.
The cup will go straight into the pool room.
The cup you just broke was my favorite.
The cup you just broke was the one Tom gave me.
The cup-like nest of this species is always carefully concealed in a tree.
The cupboard is beside the window.
The cupboard is full.
The cupboard is near the fridge.
The cupboard is next to the window.
The cupboards are closed.
The cupboards were overflowing with the accumulated debris of several years.
The cups need to be washed.
The cups on the desk rattled during the earthquake.
The cups were clinking softly.
The curator of the museum is responsible for properly housing each specimen in the storage cabinets and facilitating loans and visiting researchers.
The curators tried to protect museum buildings from looting by bricking up entrances, but that didn’t help much.
The cure for a breakup is to find a new partner.
The cure for the rotund gourmand is to become an affectionado of California healthy cuisine.
The cure is worse than the disease.
The curfew begins at 7:00 p.m.
The curfew has been lifted!
The curfew is at 10 pm.
The curfew is in effect until 6:00 in the morning.
The curfew was on and the Palestinian children were not allowed to go to school.
The curious girl yanked out a spike of wheat and was taking out each grain one by one, letting them fall on the earth, so as to observe how the ants were taking them to the anthill.
The currant juice didn't taste very good.
The currencies of Algeria and Tunisia are referred to as the Algerian dinar and the Tunisian dinar respectively.
The currency is pegged to the Euro.
The currency of Algeria and Tunisia is referred to as the dinar.
The currency of Algeria is the dinar.
The currency of Australia is the Australian Dollar.
The current Algerian crisis could lead to terrible consequences.
The current French education system essentially produces lazy students.
The current Hebrew year is 5784.
The current Kabyle, if not at the tavern, is at the mosque.
The current Kilauea lava flow, emanating from one of about two dozen volcanic fissures that opened in the ground, has been going on for 93 days straight, marking the longest nonstop eruption on record from Kilauea’s lower East Rift zone.
The current Kilauea lava flow, emanating from one of about two dozen volcanic fissures that opened in the ground, has been going on for 93 days straight.
The current Prime Minister of Bangladesh is Khaleda Zia.
The current Russian language is full of phrases borrowed from English.
The current chill is unexpected for the season.
The current climate is anxiogenic.
The current college works by presidential fiat.
The current crisis is here for the long term.
The current crisis is long-term in nature.
The current crisis is structural.
The current cutbacks threaten to slow scientific progress.
The current debt limit stands at $15.2 trillion.
The current education system makes students stupider rather than smarter.
The current educational system is transforming students into robots.
The current era is the atomic era.
The current federal policy prefers junk food to healthy food which we all need.
The current financial crisis has hit Algeria severely.
The current generation always discovers what the old one has already forgotten.
The current generation of young people will live under communism.
The current geopolitical situation is very volatile.
The current government's goal is to turn us into slaves.
The current imbalance between supply and demand is considered to reflect structural changes on the demand side, rather than being a cyclical phenomenon.
The current indoctrination in Spanish schools is unacceptable.
The current invasion of Ukraine began in February 2022.
The current is getting stronger.
The current is rapid around here.
The current is very strong here.
The current is very strong.
The current king is present at the party.
The current law expires on January 1, 2003.
The current low status of the elderly may be changing, however.
The current national anthem of Georgia was accepted in 2004, when Saakashvili came to power.
The current of this river is rapid.
The current of traffic moved very slowly.
The current office is next to the factory.
The current ozone hole area is still large compared to the 1980s, when the depletion of the ozone layer above Antarctica was first detected. This is because levels of ozone-depleting substances like chlorine and bromine remain high enough to produce significant ozone loss.
The current people in charge of Reddit had nothing to do with making it what it is today, but they have the ability to destroy it for everyone.
The current political crisis could hurt the Algerian economy.
The current political situation is not very stable.
The current political situation isn't very stable.
The current political system fails to truly represent the will of the people.
The current politics of the European Union are not well thought out strategically.
The current president came to power as the result of a coup.
The current president has many enemies.
The current pulled his boat toward a deserted island.
The current rate is about one airplane crash every two weeks, measuring all serious accidents to all types of transport jets.
The current rate of forest fires burning through the Rocky Mountains in the United States is the highest it’s been in the past 2,000 years, a recent study found.
The current reexamination of 300,000 invalidated ballots is almost complete.
The current rules are too lax.
The current sentence is false.
The current situation in Turkey shows, above all, a deep split in the society.
The current situation in the Middle East is a time bomb of tensions.
The current situation is acceptable to me.
The current situation is unsustainable.
The current situation of the country isn't good.
The current slump of the economy will not turn into a serious depression.
The current socioeconomic system is made-up.
The current state of Twitter is really getting me excited about trusting Elon Musk to take me to Mars.
The current state of the planet is going to change.
The current supply isn't enough to meet the demand.
The current treasurer is Tom Jackson.
The current view is that insects are a branch of the crustaceans.
The current world is a world of knowledge.
The current year is 2011.
The currently available evidence does not allow me to make such a claim.
The currently available evidence does not permit me to make such a claim.
The curriculum is attached.
The curriculum is outdated.
The curriculum needs to be updated.
The curriculum of this school is wide and shallow.
The curry at this restaurant is good.
The curry fish balls are one dollar each.
The curry rice at this restaurant is delicious.
The curry they serve in Japan is milder than real Indian curry. They adapt it to Japanese tastes.
The curry was nothing special.
The curry was very delicious.
The curse is very powerful.
The curse still haunts us!
The curse still pursues us!
The curse was broken.
The curse was lifted.
The curse will never stop until Boris is free.
The cursing tongue is an indication of a bad heart.
The curtain came down on Yanni's escape from prison.
The curtain can burn.
The curtain caught fire.
The curtain caught on fire.
The curtain fell amid the wild applause of the audience.
The curtain fell.
The curtain has not yet risen.
The curtain is open now; a little while ago it was drawn.
The curtain is undrawn, and each must play his part.
The curtain raised on a noisy cocktail party.
The curtain rises at 7 p.m.
The curtain rose.
The curtain time is at 8:00.
The curtain wall is made of metal and glass.
The curtain wants cleaning.
The curtain was rising then.
The curtain was up and the performance had started.
The curtains and the carpet are a good match.
The curtains are adorned with patterns from his favorite storybook.
The curtains are closed.
The curtains are fireproof.
The curtains are fluttering in the wind.
The curtains are open.
The curtains blew in the wind.
The curtains don't go with the other furnishings.
The curtains don't let any light in.
The curtains don’t let any light in.
The curtains had paint streaks all over them.
The curtains in my bedroom are my bedroom curtains.
The curtains in my bedroom have faded.
The curtains in the neighbours' windows were twitching.
The curtains make this room beautiful.
The curtains my grandmother gave me as a present are so pretty and colorful.
The curtains swayed in the breeze.
The curtains were all open.
The curtains were closed.
The curtains were drawn slowly.
The curtains were made of imitation velvet to achieve a luxurious look on a budget.
The curtains were taken down.
The curvature of the Earth was first photographed in 1931.
The curve extends from point A to point B.
The curve refers to trying to contain and limit the increase in cases of COVID-19, the disease caused by the coronavirus.
The curves of Dorottya's lips, reminiscent of a blooming rose, add a touch of sensuality to her overall allure.
The curves of her lips possess something magic.
The curvilinear roof gives beauty to the design as well as affording more head room inside than the ordinary straight rafter.
The cushion has lost its spring.
The cushion was soft and inviting.
The cushions on the sofa don't match those on the armchairs.
The cushions on the sofa don’t match those on the armchairs.
The custard apple tree is often found in sandy and loamy soils throughout much of tropical Africa but can tolerate some of the cold of parts of subtropical South Africa. According to the US National Research Council, which includes the tree in its series of publications called Lost Crops of Africa, the custard apple grows best in warm and fairly moist conditions, especially in mixed woodlands and open savannas.
The custodial parent had the children during the week.
The custom comes from China.
The custom of bowing is peculiar to the islanders.
The custom of eating dumplings on New Year's Eve is related to an ancient Chinese method of measuring time; in ancient China, each day was divided into twelve sections: the beginning of each day was called 'first time', which corresponds to the period from 11pm to 1am.
The custom of eating dumplings on New Year’s Eve is related to an ancient Chinese method of measuring time; in ancient China, each day was divided into twelve sections: the beginning of each day was called ’first time’, which corresponds to the period from 11pm to 1am.
The custom originated in China.
The custom was handed down from generation to generation.
The customer agrees.
The customer always comes first.
The customer and the salesman spoke for two hours on the phone.
The customer contended that she had been cheated.
The customer did not come.
The customer feedback was too little, too late to make any adjustments before the deadline.
The customer gets the best possible price for his old handset.
The customer has been on the phone with the salesman for two hours.
The customer insisted on a price reduction because of defects in the product.
The customer is always right, even when they are wrong.
The customer is always right.
The customer is king.
The customer is not always right.
The customer is responsible for bank transfer processing fees. We thank you for your understanding.
The customer isn't always right.
The customer rejected everything that I showed her.
The customer service is excellent.
The customer slapped Ziri.
The customer started yelling at Ziri.
The customer wanted her fish cooked without any salt.
The customer wants to buy my dog.
The customer was about to make the purchase.
The customer's always right, even when they're not.
The customer's complaint was about a sensitive issue.
The customer, satisfied by her purchase, went home.
The customer, the employees, the company. In that order.
The customers are complaining about the service.
The customers are happy.
The customers arrive, each carrying a net or basket.
The customers gave him fleeting glances, then returned to their conversations.
The customers had to wait outside in the rain for several hours.
The customers have been complaining a lot lately.
The customers have started to come.
The customers he dealt with were mostly wealthy.
The customers liked Janos's dishes.
The customers were made to wait outside in the rain for several hours.
The customers' faces don't match with their names, so I have a hard time remembering them.
The customer’s complaint was about a sensitive issue.
The customs agent searched Tom for contraband.
The customs here are pretty different.
The customs office is at the border.
The customs officer confiscated an antique clock.
The customs official inspected the boxes.
The customs officials boarded the ship.
The customs officials examined the boxes.
The customs officials searched the whole ship.
The customs vary by region.
The cut is no longer weeping and is starting to heal.
The cut of the diamond is perfect.
The cut on Tom's leg appears to have healed.
The cut on Tom's leg has gotten infected.
The cut on Tom's leg seems to have healed.
The cut was already scarred.
The cut will heal in a few days.
The cut will heal up in a few days.
The cute girl was bitten by a zombie dog and became a zombie.
The cutest kitten was already very pregnant and meowing outside of the Las Vegas casino.
The cutlery belongs in the top drawer.
The cutlery goes in the top drawer.
The cutlery has disappeared.
The cutlery has gone missing.
The cutlery is in the top drawer.
The cutlery is made of silver.
The cutting board should be cleaned and put away after use.
The cutting is normally performed by traditional practitioners using crude scissors, knives or even razor blades, often without anesthetics, leaving scars and long-term medical problems.
The cutting machine sliced the salmon.
The cuvette is used with a machine known as a spectrophotometer which analyzes the liquid by measuring the amount of light that is absorbed by it.
The cyberattack affected hospitals, banks and companies around the world this year.
The cyberattack is still being investigated and there is not yet an indication of who or what may have been behind it.
The cybersecurity firm says people should only use apps from “trusted sources” and to carefully notice what permissions the app is asking for.
The cycle is repeating itself.
The cycle of 49 years, marked out by the return of the Jubilee, was a useful and practical one.
The cycle of blood is not regular.
The cycle path is blocked by cars again.
The cyclist caused the whole peloton to crash.
The cyclist climbed the hill.
The cyclist stopped for a break and drank a large shandy.
The cyclists are wearing cyclist shorts made of spandex.
The cyclists covered the 113 kilometers, starting in Chantilly, with the traditional ending on the Champs Elysees after nine laps around the center of Paris in two hours, 43 minutes, eight seconds.
The cyclists do not exercise because they are healthy, but that they are healthy because they have been exercising.
The cyclists go wherever they want.
The cyclists have four grueling workout sessions a day, beginning at 6am.
The cyclists were tired, but happy.
The cyclone destroyed everything in its path.
The cyclone had given the unbroken house to a land of divine beauty.
The cyclopes lived in caves.
The cyclopes were shepherds and lived in caves.
The cylinder head of the car is broken.
The cymbal is a percussion instrument.
The cymbals are harder to play than one might think.
The cymbals clashed.
The cynics and the critics tell us nothing can get done, but they're wrong.
The cytoplasm consists of proteins, the nucleus of nucleic acids.
The czar issued an edict.
The czar was the ruler of Russia.
The dachshund is a German breed of dog with a long body and short legs.
The dad treated his adoptive son cruelly.
The daffodil is the national flower of Wales.
The daffodils are out.
The daffodils are starting to wilt.
The dagger penetrated his heart.
The dagger-like fangs of the extinct saber toothed cat suggest that it was an ambush hunter.
The daguerreotype first made it possible to capture and save “true” images that presented a realistic look at history.
The dahlias are blooming.
The daily grind is becoming too much for me.
The daily life can be busy, hectic and sometimes overwhelming.
The daily life of these people is unbelievable.
The daily newspaper brings the world's problems to the breakfast table.
The daily schedule, with class topics and links to the online rooms included, is attached.
The daily trek to midtown Manhattan takes about an hour and a half.
The dairy farmer died.
The daisy is white.
The dam blocking the river is very wide.
The dam burst and water flooded the valley.
The dam burst owing to the heavy rain.
The dam collapsed, releasing a deluge of water into the valley.
The dam created the world's largest water supply reservoir at the time.
The dam design includes an emergency spillway weir, to handle flood flows without risking erosion on the rest of the embankment.
The dam gave way and released a great flush of water down into the valley.
The dam gave way and sent a great flush of water down the valley.
The dam is full of water.
The dam was completed in 2013.
The dam's sluice gate broke and the water flooded several nearby towns.
The damage amounted to five million yen.
The damage caused by colonialism is deep and enduring.
The damage control is easy.
The damage could be catastrophic.
The damage doesn't look too bad.
The damage done by Donald Trump to the American people and to the world will last for generations.
The damage exceeded $300.
The damage from the flood was negligible.
The damage from the typhoon was enormous.
The damage had already been done.
The damage has already been done.
The damage has been done.
The damage has not yet been assessed.
The damage here is more severe than on the other side of town.
The damage in Sami and Layla's marriage was already too far.
The damage is already done.
The damage is done.
The damage is irreparable.
The damage is irreversible.
The damage is too extensive.
The damage may reach HUF 300,000.
The damage of the disaster has been enormous.
The damage of the typhoon spread over several prefectures.
The damage to the bodywork was minimal.
The damage to the school was done by the Bakir construction company.
The damage to the ship was nothing serious.
The damage was covered by insurance.
The damage was done.
The damage was held to a minimum.
The damage was minimal.
The damage was minor.
The damage will cost us a lot of money.
The damages are estimated not to exceed a million yen at the worst.
The damages are irreparable.
The damn animal dragged away the trap.
The damnation doesn't want to let us!
The damp weather affects his health.
The dampness of the weather is bad for my health.
The dance floor was packed.
The dance gradually became intimate.
The dance had already started when I got there.
The dance is open to the public.
The dance is pretty hilarious.
The dance performance took place on Thursday.
The dance teacher was choreographing her troupe.
The dance took place in the school gymnasium.
The dance was the most brilliant affair of the season.
The dance was very abstract.
The dancer dances a dance.
The dancer in the middle of the room is ready to begin.
The dancer showed off his bare butt to the audience despite the presence of countless young children.
The dancer spun on his toes.
The dancer whirled around the hall.
The dancer's every move was perfect.
The dancer's graceful action charmed the audience.
The dancers are exhausted.
The dancers are moving to the rhythm of the music.
The dancers are wearing white pantyhose.
The dancers are wearing white tights.
The dancers copied each other.
The dancers danced on sandy beaches, under rose-hued skies, next to aqua waves and until midnight's truce.
The dancers look delicate in their white dresses, but they are really as strong as horses.
The dancers moved gracefully, their movements perfectly synchronized as they go hand-to-hand across the stage.
The dancers performed on a raised floor.
The dancers really came to life during the Latin numbers.
The dancers returned to first position.
The dancers spoke a little and only with each other.
The dancers timed their steps to the music of the band.
The dancers tripped lightly across the stage.
The dancers were beautifully got up.
The dancers were exhausted.
The dancers were simulating sex acts on each other despite the fact that there were young children in the audience.
The dancers were simulating sex acts on each other on stage.
The dancers' costumes are a mishmash of fashion trends.
The dancer’s every move was perfect.
The dancer’s graceful action charmed the audience.
The dancing started to make Claudio sweat.
The dandelion seeds are blowing.
The danger has not passed yet.
The danger has passed.
The danger hasn't passed yet.
The danger hasn't yet been averted.
The danger in looking for the truth is that sometimes you find it.
The danger is apparently over.
The danger is minimal.
The danger is over.
The danger is real.
The danger is that Hebrew will be spoken in the bazaar, but English in the universities.
The danger of AIDS came home to me when I saw a documentary film on it last night.
The danger of war passed.
The danger past and God forgotten.
The danger was imminent.
The danger was not apparent.
The danger wasn't apparent.
The danger, say regulators, is posed when starchy foods are browned to a crisp or possibly even burned. The concern is a chemical called acrylamide, a possible cancer-causing substance, that is produced naturally in food during cooking at high temperatures.
The dangerous falsities are truths, just a bit modified.
The dangers are obvious.
The dark Ikran is going to the Halleluja Mountains.
The dark basement was giving Edmundo the creeps.
The dark clouds and swirling wind indicated that a storm was imminent.
The dark clouds announced the coming of a typhoon.
The dark figure disappeared and reappeared like a flicker.
The dark figure faded and disappeared.
The dark figure let out that raspy sound again.
The dark figure turned into a little girl before it vanished.
The dark hills in the surroundings responded with a mocking echo.
The dark horse candidate was losing in the polls before the primary.
The dark is singing songs.
The dark lord tried to divide his enemies.
The dark night of the soul is death in the midst of life.
The dark oily substance slowly seeps into a row of bathtubs as patients undress and prepare to submerge up to their shoulders.
The dark panelling glowed like bronze in the golden rays, and it was hard to realise that this was indeed the chamber which had struck such a gloom into our souls upon the evening before.
The dark side of love.
The dark side of the moon is the part that is never visible from Earth.
The dark was a protection.
The dark woods held a mysterious allure for Gustavo, beckoning him to unravel its secrets.
The darker medlars are fairly ripe.
The darker the mane of a lion is, the more attractive to females it is.
The darker the sky is, the brighter the stars shine.
The darker the sky, the brighter the stars.
The darkest hour is always just before the dawn.
The darkest hour is before the dawn.
The darkest hour is just before dawn.
The darkest hour is just before the dawn.
The darkest place is under the candlestick.
The darkest rooftops are the most beautiful. They don't blend in, and thus, they stand out from the rest.
The darkness amplifies my fear, making it difficult to relax and fall asleep peacefully.
The darkness around us was pitch-black.
The darkness has not overcome it.
The darkness here was made visible by an oil-lamp, in shape resembling a tin coffee-pot with a wick in the spout, which burnt black and smokily.
The darkness is gone.
The darkness surprised the hikers in the forest.
The darkness will work to my advantage.
The dash is my favorite punctuation mark.
The dash is my favourite punctuation mark.
The dashboard of this car is completely electronic.
The data accumulated, but no one systematized and analyzed it.
The data cited in King's research is taken from UNESCO's 1970 white paper on world population.
The data cited in King’s research is taken from UNESCO’s 1970 white paper on world population.
The data clearly show that our strategies are leading us in the right direction.
The data collected in Tyrel's research is of great value both to administrators and to educators.
The data collected in Tyrel’s research is of great value both to administrators and to educators.
The data got corrupted.
The data has been compiled.
The data has been corrupted.
The data has been fed into the computer.
The data hasn't been compiled yet.
The data hasn’t been compiled yet.
The data in her paper serves to further our purpose.
The data in tables above are not comprehensive.
The data is being synchronized.
The data is flawed.
The data is incorrect.
The data is insufficient to show anything.
The data is often imprecise.
The data is often inaccurate.
The data is promising.
The data is wrong.
The data over the last few months has been very surprising.
The data piled up, but no one systematized and analyzed it.
The data presented in his book are not based on scientific observations.
The data shows the minimum extent of Arctic sea ice in the summer has dropped markedly in the last two decades.
The data suggest otherwise.
The data suggest that the optimum length of a lecture may be 30 instead of 60 minutes.
The data suggests otherwise.
The data supports the theory.
The data to be discussed below was collected in the following way.
The data was accurate.
The data was completely useless.
The data was corrupted.
The data was not gathered under laboratory conditions.
The database contains geolocation information about cell towers and wi-fi access points so your device needn't a GPS source to roughly know where you are.
The database is down.
The database is full.
The date and address is usually written at the head of letters.
The date and place of the meeting have been fixed.
The date and venue for our next concert haven't been set yet.
The date and venue for our next concert haven't yet been set.
The date has been appointed but the place has not.
The date is set.
The date is up to you.
The date isn't particularly important; it could be whenever.
The date isn't yet finalized.
The date of manufacture is shown on the lid.
The date of the event is to be determined.
The date of the examination clashed with my sister's wedding.
The date of the examination clashed with my sister’s wedding.
The date of the festival coincides with that of the exam.
The date of the party hasn't yet been decided.
The date of the party is still up in the air.
The date on the calendar was September 23, 1964.
The date on the coin is 1921.
The date on the document was October 20, 2013.
The date palm tree can reach up to 30 meters in length.
The date palm tree grew very quickly.
The date palm tree is completely dead now.
The date palm tree is down.
The date palm tree only produces dates.
The date palm tree orchard has its own microclimate.
The date palm tree started to grow bigger and bigger.
The date today is 11.12.13. This won't happen again this century.
The date turned out disastrous.
The date was a complete failure.
The date was brought forward.
The date was fixed and was my first one with her.
The date will be determined later.
The date will be set later.
The dates are not ripe yet.
The dates are often wrong.
The dates of Hanukkah are based on the Hebrew month of Kislev, which usually falls sometime in November or December in the Gregorian calendar.
The dates were completely inedible.
The dative case marks an indirect object.
The daughter brushes her hair.
The daughter burst into tears.
The daughter knits.
The daughter looks a lot like her mother.
The daughter of a Chilean diplomat was killed in Venezuela.
The daughter of a child is a granddaughter.
The daughter of a sibling is a niece.
The daughter of an aunt is a cousin.
The daughter of an uncle is a cousin.
The daughter of envy is defamation.
The daughter reads easily.
The daughter strongly resembles her mother.
The daughter was irritated with her mother, who always broke her promises.
The daughters knit.
The daughters recuperated from the shock of the death of their father.
The daughters were young and beautiful—three charming blossoms—a rose, a lily, and a white hyacinth.
The dawn brings answers.
The dawn brings clarity.
The dawn brings new beginnings.
The dawn brings peace.
The dawn follows every dark night.
The dawn is breaking.
The dawn is her guide.
The dawn is just breaking.
The dawn of knowledge comes at the sunset of life.
The dawn surprised the travelers in the confines of the desert steppe.
The dawn whispers hope.
The dawn whispers new hope.
The dawn, with its rosy fingers, caresses the crowd with flowers.
The dawns are calm here...
The day I arrive is Monday.
The day I met Mary was the best day of my life.
The day I reach out to you, don't prepare your elbow.
The day I saw you, I knew that I wanted you.
The day I was born, I was born with him.
The day I was born.
The day after Christmas it snowed.
The day after Halloween of 2021, at the cafe, Hans the Netherlander and I talked about the polders in the Netherlands and cuisines. I told him that I did my report on the Netherlands in elementary school. I learned about polders. Hans said that Netherlanders ate raw fish. I mentioned the "gravlax" fish dish in Sweden.
The day after Sunday is Monday.
The day after going to the gym, parts of my body hurt that I didn't even know I had.
The day after he arrives, I'll leave.
The day after our night on the lash, we felt awful.
The day after the inaugural session, the new parliament set to work formulating some 60 new pieces of legislation addressing financial, judicial, electoral, and military questions, as well as the politically sensitive issue of immunity and amnesty.
The day after tomorrow I will urge my mother to leave an allowance of 10000 yen at my disposal.
The day after tomorrow is Marina's birthday.
The day after tomorrow is Monday.
The day after tomorrow is Sunday.
The day after tomorrow is Thursday.
The day after tomorrow is Tom's birthday.
The day after tomorrow is Tom’s birthday.
The day after tomorrow is Tuesday.
The day after tomorrow is his birthday.
The day after tomorrow is my birthday.
The day after tomorrow will be Sunday.
The day after tomorrow's Sunday.
The day after tomorrow's Tuesday.
The day after, I couldn't walk a single step.
The day after, I didn't get up until noon.
The day ahead feels full of potential.
The day also is meant to shed light on the issues threatening the health of the world’s ecosystems to ensure their survivability.
The day became night.
The day before Thanksgiving, the supermarkets are full to bursting.
The day before yesterday I quit my job.
The day before yesterday a lady yelled at me.
The day before yesterday he witnessed a weird incident in the wilderness.
The day before yesterday was Monday.
The day before yesterday was Saturday.
The day before yesterday was Tuesday; the day after tomorrow is Saturday.
The day before yesterday was a tough day.
The day before yesterday was stormy.
The day before yesterday was very cold.
The day before yesterday we arrived at Osaka.
The day before yesterday we went to the opera, and yesterday we went to the ballet.
The day before yesterday you impressed everyone, but I already knew you.
The day before yesterday, I didn't sleep at all.
The day before yesterday, I ran into him by chance on the train.
The day before yesterday, I sent Tom an e-mail, but I haven't received any answer from him yet.
The day before yesterday, there was a storm, and yesterday it rained.
The day before yesterday, we arrived in Osaka.
The day before yesterday, when I was in town, I bought a new dress.
The day before, they had made preparations.
The day before, we went to the opera; yesterday we went to the ballet.
The day began to break.
The day being fine, I felt amply repaid for my walk through the extensive and finely-wooded grounds, numerously stocked with deer.
The day being fine, we went swimming.
The day brings many things.
The day broke, and Daphnis leaped from his bed with delight, and drove his goats to pasture with boisterous eagerness.
The day came and went.
The day came at last when he had to part from her.
The day came.
The day death will be running after you, you will know it.
The day dragged on.
The day dragged.
The day gets even more exciting when a rarely-seen merlin and another bird chase each other. Smith takes a photo of the small falcon using his telescope and a camera phone. The merlin, one of the world’s fastest birds, is a rare sight at Huntley Meadows.
The day had been so charming that we had been tempted to dawdle much on the way in lazy enjoyment of the beauty of the woodland slopes and the views of the volcanoes, so that it was about 4 o’clock when we rode up to the inn.
The day has dawned, get up!
The day has dawned.
The day has finally arrived for Ziri to begin serving his prison sentence.
The day has reached its end. Thanks to your timely efforts, people who intended to help you in your labours managed not to throw themselves into danger. In the theater, the masks are rehearsing a new pantomime.
The day he was born, it rained.
The day is almost over.
The day is already drawing to an end.
The day is basically over.
The day is beautiful.
The day is beginning to shorten.
The day is breaking soon.
The day is breaking, it's still night.
The day is cold.
The day is coming to an end.
The day is dawning for Kabylity.
The day is for honest men, the night for thieves.
The day is getting longer and longer.
The day is gray and there is much snow in the mountains.
The day is long and is the right one.
The day is long enough – you just have to make good use of it!
The day is nice, isn't it?
The day is not over yet.
The day is now drawing to a close.
The day is ours without doubt.
The day is ours.
The day is saved.
The day is short and there is a lot of work.
The day is short and there is much work.
The day is short and there's a lot of work.
The day is short and there’s a lot of work.
The day is so warm, and the sun’s rays so scorching, that the water in the pond looks very cool and inviting. Would you not like to bathe in it, fair Queen?
The day is still young.
The day is sure to come when your dream will come true.
The day is up, the sun is shining.
The day is very beautiful and the sea is tranquil.
The day is warm.
The day is warmer than the night.
The day is young.
The day is young. No need to get out of bed.
The day isn't over yet.
The day of decision is at hand.
The day of glory has arrived.
The day of judgment has arrived.
The day of judgment has come.
The day of reckoning is upon us. For simple minds have simple thoughts.
The day of the hike was beautiful.
The day of the picnic has arrived.
The day of the wicked will come!
The day of the wicked will come, for sure.
The day of the wicked will come.
The day passed by more or less as the one before.
The day passed pleasantly.
The day passed, and my friend came and said to me, "Whatever is good is true, and can never perish."
The day passes without many Americans noticing, possibly because Flag Day is not an official holiday, which means Americans don’t have the day off from work.
The day promised to be a very gay and happy one, but— Unluckily, in a marionette's life there's always a "but" which is apt to spoil everything.
The day she started for Paris was rainy.
The day she started working for me, I fell in love with her.
The day started off very well.
The day started very well.
The day that I met you, my life changed.
The day that he was born was rainy.
The day that you make a decision is a lucky day.
The day that's passing won't come back.
The day they ban leaf blowers, I'll be ecstatic.
The day turned fine after all.
The day turned out fine after all.
The day turned out to be fine.
The day turned out wet.
The day was awesome.
The day was beginning to break.
The day was bright, nor were there clouds above.
The day was cold and rainy.
The day was exhausting.
The day was going to be an easy day.
The day was hot.
The day was just breaking when I woke to find the long, thin form of Holmes by my bedside. He was fully dressed, and had apparently already been out.
The day was largely uneventful.
The day was particularly cold.
The day was pretty normal.
The day was proclaimed a public holiday by act of parliament.
The day was rainy, and what was worse, thundering.
The day was stormy, and what was worse still, it was thundering.
The day was very hot; and when at a turn of the road, he found himself on the very verge of the cool blue water, no wonder he felt inclined to bathe.
The day was wonderful.
The day we arrived was a holiday.
The day went by like a dream.
The day went by like a dream. Anne could never clearly recall it afterwards. It almost seemed as if it were not she who was teaching but somebody else.
The day went by more or less as the previous one did.
The day went by normally.
The day went by quickly.
The day when Europe ceases to speak its many languages is the day that Europe – as an idea, as a project – ceases to exist.
The day when I arrive is Monday.
The day when I met you was rainy and cold.
The day when we arrived was a holiday.
The day when we first met was a rainy day.
The day when we will arrive falls on Sunday.
The day will be sunny.
The day will come soon when we will be able to predict earthquakes.
The day will come when I cease to be on this earth.
The day will come when space travel becomes possible.
The day will come when the Kabyle language will be integrated into Google and Microsoft.
The day will come when the business will succeed.
The day will come when there will be no war.
The day will come when we can travel to the moon.
The day will come when we will all kick the bucket.
The day will come when you will realize it.
The day will come when you'll be able to walk.
The day will soon come when man can travel to Mars.
The day will soon come when there will be no more wars in the world.
The day will soon come when we can take a trip to Mars.
The day will soon come when we will be able to predict earthquakes.
The day will soon come when we will conquer space and travel to the moon.
The day will surely come when your dream will come true.
The day will surely come when your dreams will come true.
The day you were born, my dear, is the day all my sorrows began.
The day's already over.
The day's over.
The day's still young.
The day, which began with them sharing an idyllic breakfast on the sun-drenched terrace, was to end in disaster.
The day-old chicks cheeped shrilly as their mother returned to the nest with a beak full of food.
The days I spent with you were the happiest days in my life.
The days after that flew past.
The days are becoming shorter again.
The days are becoming shorter.
The days are dragging slowly by.
The days are drawing in.
The days are fairly long.
The days are flying by.
The days are getting longer and longer.
The days are getting longer every day.
The days are getting longer.
The days are getting noticeably shorter now that autumn has arrived.
The days are getting shorter again.
The days are getting shorter and shorter.
The days are getting shorter.
The days are getting warmer and warmer.
The days are gradually becoming shorter.
The days are gradually getting shorter.
The days are gradually shortening.
The days are growing longer.
The days are long enough.
The days are long in summer.
The days are long in the summer.
The days are longer in summer than in winter.
The days are longer in the summer.
The days are longer than the nights.
The days are short in winter.
The days are starting to get shorter.
The days are warm, the nights are cold.
The days began to blur together.
The days come and go.
The days fly by.
The days get longer in spring.
The days go by very fast.
The days go by.
The days got shorter.
The days grow shorter as winter approaches.
The days have become short, and the nights long.
The days have become short, the nights long.
The days have gotten shorter and shorter.
The days most wasted are those during which we have not laughed.
The days of plenty are over.
The days of summer are long.
The days of the week are Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
The days of the week are named after the seven luminaries, in modern terms: the seven celestial bodies visible to the naked eye.
The days shortened.
The days spent with Tom exhausted me completely.
The days that followed were happy and full of fun.
The days that have already gone won't come back.
The days turned into weeks, and then into months, and then into years.
The days were warm and sunny.
The days will be getting colder in the coming days.
The days will be longer starting now.
The days will get longer.
The dead and wounded soon lay everywhere.
The dead are always wrong.
The dead are gone and they cannot defend themselves. The best thing to do is to leave them in peace!
The dead are useful to the living.
The dead are walking again.
The dead are walking.
The dead bodies were set on fire.
The dead body Oleg found in the abandoned warehouse was a total mess.
The dead body had no bites from animals.
The dead body was identified by a mole on the cheek.
The dead can't be resurrected.
The dead cannot be brought back.
The dead did not dance. They had something better to do than that.
The dead don't speak.
The dead fish floated to the surface of the water.
The dead fish on the beach are starting to smell.
The dead fish on the beach are starting to stink.
The dead fish on the beach have started to smell.
The dead have no friends.
The dead have risen.
The dead man was involved in a fight.
The dead man was moving.
The dead ones won't be here.
The dead outnumber the living.
The dead shall rise up again!
The dead were thrown into the sea.
The dead zone’s expansion is believed to be driven by pollutant runoff from farms and cities contaminating the Mississippi River, which flows into the Gulf of Mexico and stimulates oxygen-consuming algae growth.
The deadliest attack was on October 20th.
The deadlift is a compound movement that trains the gluteus maximus, hamstrings, and other muscles in the posterior chain such as the erector spinae.
The deadline came and went.
The deadline for applications is October 20th.
The deadline for handing it in has passed.
The deadline for the reports is next Monday.
The deadline had to be extended.
The deadline has passed.
The deadline is 2:30 on Monday.
The deadline is Monday.
The deadline is October 20th.
The deadline is approaching.
The deadline is drawing near.
The deadline is inching closer, and we're still not ready.
The deadline is this month.
The deadline is today at 2:30.
The deadline is tomorrow afternoon at 2:30.
The deadline is tomorrow.
The deadline to enter the contest is October 20th.
The deadline to volunteer has passed.
The deadline was last night.
The deadline was not met.
The deadline was yesterday.
The deadline's tomorrow.
The deadlock was inevitable.
The deadly biohazards fester in the DNA of the plants and animals.
The deadly disease spread uncontrollably among the population.
The deaf woman wore an orange construction worker safety vest.
The deal I was working on fell through.
The deal Tom and I were working on fell through.
The deal did not go through.
The deal fell apart at the last minute.
The deal is all but done.
The deal is almost done.
The deal is called off.
The deal is complete.
The deal is dead.
The deal is done.
The deal is off.
The deal is sealed.
The deal is valued at three million dollars.
The deal should work out well for us.
The deal was agreed to.
The deal was also officially signed that day.
The deal was backed by Algeria.
The deal was signed last night.
The deal's done, everything's been sold. They've eaten everything, now let them die!
The dealer gave an old Nissan to me for 200,000 yen.
The dealer shuffled the deck before each round.
The dealer suspected Tom of counting cards.
The dealer took advantage of her ignorance and bought the picture very cheap.
The dealer wants to sell a car.
The dean shook hands with each of the graduating students.
The dean sighed and said: "I think that this woman is perhaps... my own cousin".
The death of Alexei Navalny can be likened to a very slow and cruel execution, performed by a state that nominally has abolished capital punishment.
The death of Bouazizi was the match that lit the fire among the Tunisian people.
The death of Ronnie James Dio made me very sad.
The death of Yanni's friend initiated a severe depression in him.
The death of a talented man always saddens me, as the world needs them more than heaven does.
The death of her babies was too much for Layla.
The death of her dog was difficult for her to live through.
The death of her husband changed her life completely.
The death of her husband completely overwhelmed her.
The death of her husband was her rebirth.
The death of his father filled him with sorrow.
The death of his son has had an impact on his health.
The death of human is too terrible.
The death of languages leaves people feeling regret and sorrow.
The death of my grandmother was a great shock.
The death of my mother left a big blank in my life.
The death of one love gives birth to another.
The death of one love gives way to another.
The death of one man is a tragedy, the death of millions is a statistic.
The death of one man is a tragedy. The death of millions is a statistic.
The death of the Mamonas Assassinas undoubtedly marked the history of Brazilian music.
The death of the brother was a heavy loss.
The death of the king brought about a war.
The death of the president caused great mourning.
The death of this informant could compromise the success of this operation.
The death of thousands of people in Gaza is inevitable and that's what turns any massive attack on that enclave into a genocide.
The death penalty had been done away with in many states in the USA.
The death penalty has been done away with in many states in the USA.
The death penalty is final and irreversible.
The death penalty is used as a method for making those who have committed crimes atone for what they have done.
The death penalty is waiting for him.
The death penalty should be abolished.
The death penalty was done away with last year.
The death penalty was struck down last year.
The death penalty, which was lifted at the last moment, had a great influence on the work of Dostoevsky.
The death rate is the same for us as for anybody ... one person, one death, sooner or later.
The death rate was high.
The death sentence has been pronounced on democracy.
The death sentence is cruel.
The death toll could rise significantly.
The death toll from the attack remains unknown and controversial.
The death toll from the hurricane climbed to 200.
The death toll has not stopped rising and the province had nowhere to take bodies.
The death toll in Italy from the coronavirus outbreak stands at seven with more than 200 cases confirmed.
The death toll in Puerto Rico grew in the three months following Maria’s landfall on the island due in part to the lack of electricity and potable water as well as access to medical facilities and medical care.
The death toll in Sunday's 12-hour shooting rampage across the province of Nova Scotia, already the worst of its kind in Canada's history, has risen to 18.
The death toll is nearly 500.
The death toll is unsettling.
The death, in 1978, of Houari Boumediene, marked the end of an era in Algeria.
The death-to-case ratio in Italy climbed Sunday to an alarming 5%, with the Civil Protection Agency reporting a disturbing 51% spike in deaths, bringing the total death toll attributed to coronavirus to 366.
The deaths of 39 migrants in the back of a refrigerated truck near London last week has focused a spotlight on the lives of those who risk everything to earn a better living in Britain.
The debate about intellectuals bounces back.
The debate continues into the 1980s and 1990s.
The debate continues over whether all-girls and all-boys schools are more effective than schools where girls and boys learn together.
The debate continues to this day.
The debate has been interesting, confusing, and sometimes horrifying.
The debate has been postponed.
The debate heated up quickly.
The debate is continuing.
The debate is over.
The debate on spending is pending.
The debate over Darwin's work led to the rapid acceptance of the general concept of evolution.
The debate over the hijab continues.
The debate over which consultant to use went on for hours.
The debate that followed about the role of libraries was particularly interesting.
The debate was a depressing spectacle.
The debate was a hot mess.
The debate was chaotic.
The debate was closed.
The debate was terminated abruptly after a water balloon was thrown at the stage.
The debate was very contentious and didn't result in any fruitful conclusions.
The debate will be tonight.
The debate will continue.
The debate will happen tonight.
The debate will start in an hour.
The debris approached Lukas’s ship.
The debt crisis has ruined the company's balance sheet.
The debt crisis in Greece is getting worse.
The debt crisis is not over.
The debt for all of our sins is already paid in full.
The debt-servicing cost on bonds will take up major portion of the budget.
The debts were mounting.
The debuts of groups of South Korean female singers are on the rise in Japan. Japanese singers can't afford to let their guards down.
The decanter is still half full.
The decay of the shrine is due, in part, to acid rain.
The decayed tooth came out on its own.
The deceased was an American gentleman who had been residing for some weeks in the Metropolis.
The deceased was eighteen years of age.
The deceased was eighteen years old.
The deceased was eighty years old.
The deceased was rigid and livid.
The decentralization of information has helped our cause a lot.
The decibel scale is logarithmic.
The deciding moment of the game was in the last quarter.
The decimal point in this number is in the wrong place.
The decision belongs to him.
The decision caught us off guard; it felt like a fait accompli.
The decision caused widespread anger.
The decision concerning war belongs to the general, not to the soldiers.
The decision has already been made.
The decision has been made for us.
The decision has been made.
The decision has been postponed.
The decision has not yet been made.
The decision has something to do with what you said.
The decision has to be made at some point – the sooner, the better.
The decision hasn't been made yet.
The decision hasn't yet been made.
The decision is Tom's.
The decision is final.
The decision is in your hands.
The decision is mine.
The decision is not easy.
The decision is not final.
The decision is not optimal, but I concur.
The decision is not yet final.
The decision is ours to make.
The decision is ours.
The decision is solely up to you.
The decision is still not definite.
The decision is wholly up to you.
The decision is yours to make.
The decision is yours.
The decision isn't easy.
The decision isn't final.
The decision isn't yet final.
The decision makers are more numerous than the executors.
The decision must be yours.
The decision of the director was difficult for the personnel to live with.
The decision of the jury in the Depp-Heard case was legally baseless.
The decision rests with him.
The decision sets a precedent.
The decision to delay the vote was widely interpreted by critics of the government as an attempt to steamroll the deeply divided opposition coalition and throw it into disarray.
The decision was a blatant error.
The decision was a flagrant error.
The decision was acceptable to us all.
The decision was appealed.
The decision was difficult for me.
The decision was easy to make.
The decision was easy.
The decision was eventually reversed.
The decision was in favor of the defendant.
The decision was made for him.
The decision was made to demolish the old building.
The decision was mine.
The decision was postponed.
The decision was presented as a fait accompli.
The decision was put off, which pleased all of us.
The decision was put off.
The decision was still in the air.
The decision was taken on the spur of the moment.
The decision was unanimous.
The decision was unavoidable.
The decision was unfavourable to us.
The decision was yours to make.
The decision was yours.
The decision wasn't a surprise.
The decision went in favour of the defendant.
The decision whether I should see her is mine alone.
The decision will merely have been delayed for a few more weeks.
The decision's already been made.
The decision-making phase can take a while.
The decision-making process takes some time.
The decisions are made by me.
The decisions were being made from the top of the presidency.
The decisive goal in the battle for promotion didn't come until the 94th minute.
The decisive goal was scored by Tom Jackson.
The deck was poorly shuffled.
The deckchair has a sturdy and functional design.
The declaratory sentence which, they say, was passed upon Adam, in case he ate of the apple, was not, that thou shalt surely be crucified, but, thou shalt surely die.
The decline can be traced to the 1950s.
The decline in manufacturing jobs has hit men and women without a college degree the hardest.
The decline is not as sharp after seasonal adjustment.
The decline is not so deep after seasonal adjustment.
The decline isn't so sharp after seasonal adjustment.
The decline of the Roman Empire began after the death of Augustus.
The decline of the USSR and the end of the Cold War allowed for German reunification in 1990.
The decline of the United States has begun.
The decline was inevitable.
The decoder follows GStreamer standards.
The decomposing flesh was stinking.
The decontamination will involve testing and gathering affected soil and heating it to high temperature to burn off leftover dioxin.
The decor at Benedito's restaurant is stylish.
The decor in this office is atrociously tacky.
The decor was very cozy.
The decorating isn't bad.
The decorating isn’t bad.
The decoration of the church is beautiful.
The decorator is arranging a display window.
The decorator's coming at 9 a.m. tomorrow to repaper the living room.
The decorator's coming at nine in the morning tomorrow to put some new wallpaper up in the living room.
The decrease in crime can be attributed to several factors.
The decree is fair.
The decree of a president of the republic expires with an end to the state of emergency.
The decriminalisation of the sale of soft drugs never ceases to spark debate.
The decriminalisation of the soft drug trade continues to be a topic of debate.
The decryption has finished.
The dedicated bike zone is most often at the rear of the train.
The deed is everything, the glory naught.
The deed is not too expensive.
The deep blue color seen in pictures of Neptune is due to photo editing to make the features of Neptune more distinct.
The deep coves by the beach were prime spots for the local teen couples.
The deep crease in the centre of my forehead was dramatically reduced.
The deep hole is full of water.
The deep layers of the ocean are still almost unexplored.
The deep night and the full moon offered us only the atmosphere as a gift.
The deep purple figs are sweeter than the green ones.
The deep red of the setting sun portended fine weather.
The deep sea is completely dark.
The deep snow covered everything.
The deep snow prevented the party from getting to the hut.
The deep web is actually extremely boring and uninteresting.
The deep-fried butter stick is the crowning glory of American cuisine.
The deeper Ziri went into the woods, the darker it got.
The deeper we dived, the colder the water got.
The deeper we dove, the colder the water became.
The deeper we penetrate into the history of early institutions, the less we find grounds for the military theory of origin of authority. Even that power which later on became such a source of oppression seems, on the contrary, to have found its origin in the peaceful inclinations of the masses.
The deeper you go under the sea, the greater the pressure of the water pushing down on you. For every 33 feet (10 meters) you go down, the pressure increases by 14.5 psi.
The deepest canyon in the world is the Tsangpo Canyon, along the Yarlung Tsangpo River in Tibet. The canyon is almost 3.5 miles deep and is slightly longer than the Grand Canyon.
The deepest form of experience is the mistake.
The deepest part of the ocean is called the Challenger Deep and is located beneath the western Pacific Ocean in the southern end of the Mariana Trench.
The deepest point in Lake Balaton is 12.5 meters.
The deer ate my plants again yesterday; apparently they don't understand the idea of deer repellent.
The deer began snorting.
The deer darted off in alarm.
The deer fell a prey to the lion.
The deer fell for the makeshift trap.
The deer fell prey to the lion.
The deer graze on young trees.
The deer is faster than it is strong.
The deer is more rapid than strong.
The deer is still alive even though it can’t move.
The deer is three times as heavy as Jane.
The deer move around there in total freedom.
The deer only ate the leafy tips of the bush, not the branches.
The deer ran for its life.
The deer roam freely inside the park.
The deer slept on a bed of leaves.
The deer stand was fourteen feet off the ground.
The deer was killed by hunters.
The deer was running by itself.
The deer was sleeping on a bed of leaves.
The deer was standing in the yard when lightning struck.
The defamatory article can still be read on the website of the newspaper mentioned above.
The default color of the desktop's background is blue.
The default value is zero.
The defeat completely crushed him.
The defeat didn't dampen his spirits.
The defeat didn’t dampen his spirits.
The defeat still bothers me.
The defeat was galling to his pride.
The defeat was hard to accept.
The defeat was no surprise. The opponent was very strong.
The defeat was too hard on them.
The defeated army retreated from the country.
The defeated team slowly left the field.
The defence attorney achieved a plea deal of ILS 5 million.
The defence attorney claimed that the police had coerced his client into confessing to the crime.
The defence attorney did his best on behalf of Tom to secure his acquittal.
The defence counsel went on the counterattack.
The defence kept a clean sheet.
The defence wants to challenge the verdict.
The defendant admitted her guilt.
The defendant appealed against the sentence without hesitation.
The defendant handed his paperwork to the bailiff rather than directly to the judge.
The defendant has no history of drug abuse.
The defendant has no prior convictions.
The defendant is being accused of a litany of criminal and civil offenses.
The defendant is free to go.
The defendant is innocent, and I'm going to prove it.
The defendant is not guilty, but somebody in this courtroom is.
The defendant pleaded guilty.
The defendant stays in custody.
The defendant was about to stand trial when he grabbed the deputy's gun and shot the judge.
The defendant was about to stand trial when he grabbed the deputy’s gun and shot the judge.
The defendant was before the judge.
The defendant was found fit to stand trial.
The defendant was found not guilty by reason of insanity.
The defendant was granted an appeal.
The defendant was romantically linked with the judge.
The defendant was sentenced to death.
The defendant will appeal to a higher court.
The defendant will please rise.
The defendant's innocence could not be verified.
The defendant's wife started to cry.
The defendants will please rise.
The defender fouled him.
The defender has fouled him.
The defender swore blind that he had played the ball, not the man.
The defender talked about his impressions after the match.
The defenders are lining up to defend against this set piece.
The defenders checked the onslaught by the attackers.
The defenders put up a stout resistance.
The defenders went on the counterattack.
The defense appealed the verdict.
The defense attorney asked for mercy for the condemned man.
The defense attorney immediately objected.
The defense attorney jumped to his feet and shouted "Objection!"
The defense attorney presented compelling evidence of her client's innocence.
The defense attorney tried to poke a hole in the witness's story.
The defense attorney was pleased by the verdict.
The defense attorneys cast aspersions on the probity of the witness.
The defense has requested bail.
The defense lawyer didn't ask the right questions.
The defense lawyer was confident that he would be able to answer the prosecutor's arguments in his rebuttal.
The defense lawyer was confident that he would be able to answer the prosecutor’s arguments in his rebuttal.
The defense may now cross-examine the witness.
The defense of the master thesis is just happening next month.
The defense rests, Your Honor.
The defense rests, your honor.
The defense rests.
The defense was pleased by the verdict.
The defenseless lady was exposed to the world's mockery and slander.
The defenses of the city are strong.
The defiant manner is characteristic of teenagers.
The defiant statement said scientists have already discovered what caused the failure of last week's launch, though no details were given.
The defibrillator is mounted on the wall here.
The deficit has been diminishing little by little.
The deficit is decreasing.
The deficit is diminishing.
The definition according to the dictionary is different.
The definition from the dictionary is different.
The definition in the dictionary is different.
The definition is inchoate, and thus it must be interpreted.
The definition of 'family' has changed over the years.
The definition of normal is unclear to me.
The definition of trillion has always been the same in the United States, but has changed in the United Kingdom.
The definition of ’family’ has changed over the years.
The definition you gave fails to encompass some of the variation we see.
The definitive answer is no.
The definitive treatise was written by someone with no formal education in the subject.
The deflagration happened when Mary was already long gone.
The degree of civilization in a society can be judged by entering its prisons.
The degree of humor is the same.
The degree of your mastery of a language depends on the intensity with which you apply it.
The degree to which it had been modernised far exceeded my expectations.
The dejected look on the boy's face when his balloon floated away was enough to make Tom buy him another balloon.
The delay forced us to spend the night in a very expensive hotel.
The delay forced us to stay overnight in an expensive hotel.
The delay was inevitable.
The delay was unavoidable.
The delay won't hurt now.
The delayed Tokyo Olympics will be held from July 23 to August 8.
The delegates elected him on the first vote.
The delegates passed the plan unanimously.
The delegates voted immediately.
The delegates voted ninety-five times without success.
The delegates voted on the issue.
The delegates voted six times.
The delegation of the United States would like to propose a bilateral solution.
The delegation were escorted around the newly-built stadium.
The delegations of both countries met in Geneva.
The deli named a sandwich after Tom.
The deliberate act of burning the Quran exhibits a complete lack of empathy and understanding towards the feelings of the Muslim community.
The deliberate burning of the Quran is an act of religious provocation that incites unnecessary tension and animosity.
The deliberations took three days.
The delicate and refined features of Caifeng's face are a true embodiment of the classic Asian beauty ideal.
The delicate procedure they have been perfecting involves lifting the womb containing the fetus out of the mother at between 20 and 26 weeks of pregnancy, and operating on the fetus to repair the deformed spinal cord.
The delicate structure of Caifeng's face, with high cheekbones and a perfectly proportioned jawline, is a true testament to Asian beauty.
The delicate, graceful flowers are in bloom.
The delicious roast pork.
The delight he experienced when he looked upon a fine painting, was mainly the desire of possession; and satiety soon followed possession.
The delights of the body haunt my dreams.
The delinquent boy was arraigned for stealing a bicycle.
The delinquents knocked him down and stole his wallet.
The delivery is scheduled to arrive on Tuesday.
The delivery of the goods was delayed due to the storm.
The delivery person came to the back door.
The delivery took two minutes and the postman went to the next house.
The delivery was very difficult.
The delivery window is between 2 and 4 PM.
The delta variant of the coronavirus poses a threat to the economy.
The deltoid muscles need time to recover. Be careful not to over exercise them.
The deluge was a notable first experiment in baptism which washed away the sins (and sinners) of the world.
The demagogue liked to whip up the masses.
The demand for environmentally friendly energy sources continues to increase.
The demand for lamb is growing every year.
The demand for mutton is growing in Algeria.
The demand for reciprocity in love doesn't come from love, but from vanity.
The demand for rice in Japan is considerable.
The demand for winter shoes is really high in these cold days.
The demand has been incredible.
The demand is breathtaking.
The demand is enormous.
The demand is greater than the supply.
The demand is huge.
The demand is there.
The demand is very high.
The demand is very real.
The demand remains far ahead of supply.
The demand that I make of my reader is that he should devote his whole Life to reading my works.
The demand was brought down by increases in imports.
The demand was enormous.
The demand was summarily rejected.
The demands placed on students are increasing.
The demeanour of the child was extremely frightening and the rest of the crowd seemed to agree.
The democrat endeavored to accomplish his aim by himself.
The democratic caucus was rigged in her favor.
The democratically-elected indigenous-led government of Bolivia was just overthrown by a far-right white supremacist military coup.
The democrats will probably lose elections.
The demolition of the Al-Aqsa Mosque could have unpredictable consequences both in the Middle East and worldwide.
The demolition site is covered with plastic mesh to keep down the dust.
The demon arrived inside the temple.
The demon attacked the people immediately.
The demon caused earthquakes everywhere in the city.
The demon did not harm humans.
The demon escaped.
The demon grabbed my sister and, with howling laughter, cast her into a bottomless pit.
The demon had human hands.
The demon has sensed the presence of Stefan.
The demon is dead.
The demon lord Tom's minions have begun to attack travelers.
The demon lord finally lost conciousness and fell to the floor with a thud.
The demon lord finally lost consciousness and fell to the floor with a thud.
The demon possessed Tom.
The demon promised to help Tom on condition that he would serve him after his death.
The demon pulled Ziri into his realm.
The demon started flying backwards.
The demon tempts the flesh.
The demon took over Ziri's body.
The demon tricked people into killing each other.
The demon was too powerful.
The demon will not leave the house without getting Santiago.
The demonic creature began crawling across the room.
The demons came out all at once to capture their prey.
The demonstration achieved nothing.
The demonstration at City Hall started getting out of hand.
The demonstration was hardly an insurrection -- on the contrary, people were rather peaceful.
The demonstrations spread quickly throughout Iran.
The demonstrator convinced him to buy the expensive appliance.
The demonstrator was told by police to move back but she refused and was arrested.
The demonstrators carried banners saying "Stop the war".
The demonstrators chant "long live democracy, long live freedom and down with fundamentalism."
The demonstrators gathered in the square.
The demonstrators marched in order.
The demonstrators obstructed passengers at the station.
The demonstrators waved their flags.
The demotion of Pluto from the status of a planet was a very hotly debated issue within the astronomical community.
The denial of his proposal left him devoid of ideas.
The denial of the existence of the Berber language is ideologically motivated.
The denigration is inexcusable.
The denigration is unforgivable.
The dense fog made the building invisible.
The dense underbrush in the jungle made it difficult to see more than a few feet ahead.
The dense vegetation of the mangrove swamp provided excellent cover for small animals trying to evade predators.
The density of water depends on the temperature.
The dent is huge.
The dentist advises you against eating sweets.
The dentist checked my teeth.
The dentist does not want you to eat any sweets.
The dentist doesn't have any appointments available.
The dentist doesn't want you to eat sweets.
The dentist doesn’t want you to eat sweets.
The dentist extracted my tooth.
The dentist extracted three of his teeth.
The dentist gave Mennad an X-ray.
The dentist gave me an appointment for seven o'clock.
The dentist gave me some pills for my toothache.
The dentist got mad.
The dentist had Mennad wait for another twenty minutes.
The dentist had his patient sit down and asked him to open his mouth.
The dentist has many years of experience.
The dentist is available to do your teeth cleaning.
The dentist is pulling teeth.
The dentist is very polite to the patient.
The dentist pulled my bad tooth.
The dentist pulled my tooth.
The dentist pulled out her bad tooth.
The dentist pulled out his decayed tooth.
The dentist pulled out my decayed tooth by force.
The dentist pulled out three of his teeth.
The dentist put a temporary filling into the tooth.
The dentist put his patient to sleep.
The dentist put in a temporary filling.
The dentist recommended a dental bridge to replace the missing molar.
The dentist said I had pulpitis.
The dentist said Tom needs braces.
The dentist started ripping the tooth out of Mennad's mouth.
The dentist told Mennad he had a cavity.
The dentist told Tom that he needs braces.
The dentist told him that he had gingivitis.
The dentist told him that he should floss his teeth every day.
The dentist told me he has to pull out three of my teeth.
The dentist told me not to move.
The dentist told me that he has to pull out three of my teeth.
The dentist told me to open my mouth.
The dentist told me to stay still.
The dentist took her broken tooth out.
The dentist took out my cavity.
The dentist treated my teeth.
The dentist uses a tongue depressor.
The dentist was digging with his pliers in Mennad's mouth.
The dentist was getting instruments out.
The dentist will see you only by appointment.
The dentist worked on my teeth.
The dentist would like you not to eat any sweets.
The department is made up of many teams, and I will be a member of one of them.
The department of Legal Medicine Research is trying to ascertain the cause of today's conflagration.
The department of bio-resource engineering at my university, UBC, had its own red club "barn house" near the big parking lot.
The department said the countries that U.S. residents visited most often last year were Mexico and Canada — America’s neighbors. The third-most popular destination was the United Kingdom. The Dominican Republic and France were the fourth- and fifth-most popular places to visit.
The department store also has a stationery department.
The department store is a gateway of sorts to Paris’ Goutte d’Or neighborhood, home to a large African immigrant community.
The department store is always packed with customers.
The department store was crammed with holiday shoppers.
The department store was jammed with people because it was the Bon holiday period.
The department that you have now. Is it the same one that you had last year?
The department's rules are clear.
The departmental heads, lost in petty argument, could not reach a cohesive decision.
The departure is now.
The departure is tomorrow.
The departure of my plane had a two-hour delay.
The depiction violated a company's registered trademark.
The depilatory cream doesn't reach the hair root.
The deposit is done.
The depravity of the king's deeds led the people to believe he was nothing more than a tyrant that needed to be overthrown.
The depravity of the king’s deeds lead the people to believe he was nothing more than a tyrant that needed to be overthrown.
The depredation of the courthouse was devastating.
The depredation of the palace was irreparable.
The depredations of human hunters are thought to have been the key factor that pushed many species to extinction.
The depressed economy showed signs of improving.
The depth is important.
The depth of Yanni's depravity is very high.
The depth of the debates has decreased, as the new forms of social media do not provide enough space for the elaboration of long arguments.
The depth of the pool is only one-and-a-half metres.
The depth of the river is about ten meters.
The depths have covered them, they are sunk to the bottom like a stone.
The deputies are beating inmates.
The deputies were arguing for a long time.
The deputy accused the government of concealing its true intentions.
The deputy federal police commissioner says there is no truth to allegations that a new anti-terrorism law is being used to stifle political dissent.
The deputy mayor of Delhi was indirectly killed by rhesus monkeys.
The deputy was a rude person treating people like his servants.
The deputy's speech shocked the congress.
The derailments occurred around midnight Tuesday when the trains were crossing a small bridge near the Machak River in Madhya Pradesh state.
The deregulation and the elimination of state bureaucracy is essential if we want to live in prosperity.
The derivations of many words are unknown.
The derivative of a constant function is always zero.
The derivative of x² (x squared) with respect to x is 2x (two x).
The derivatives of distance with respect to time are velocity, acceleration, and jerk.
The derivatives of space with respect to time are velocity, acceleration, and jerk.
The derivatives of the inverse trigonometric functions are algebraic.
The dermatologist examined my skin.
The dermatologist prescribed me a cream.
The derogatory remarks made by the English teacher harm the self-esteem and confidence of foreign learners.
The descent is dangerous.
The descent to hell is easy.
The description Dmitri gave the cops was anything but useful.
The description Tom gave was very detailed.
The description for this book really needs a trigger warning about the author's lengthy depictions of sexual violence.
The description isn't very clear.
The description of poetry has value in literature.
The description was misleading.
The desert ecosystem is adapted to extreme temperatures and limited water resources.
The desert gets cold at night.
The desert had its own music.
The desert inhabitants are used to the heat.
The desert is a dry and unforgiving place to live.
The desert is vast with very few sign posts.
The desert knows me well, the night, the mounted men, the battle and the sword, the paper and the pen.
The desert sun grilled him.
The desert sun was scorching hot.
The desert transformed into a flowering meadow.
The design is poor, commonplace, tasteless, characterless, and the execution is like thereunto.
The design is quite interesting.
The design is very human.
The design itself is flawed.
The design of the new football cup was officially revealed last week.
The design of the theatre enabled the audience to get up close and personal with the performers.
The design of these clothes is indeed rather nice, but they are a little expensive.
The design was also given the finishing touch to have launch impact and dynamism provided by the novelty of the arch shaped logo design.
The designation is given to places that are deemed to have “outstanding universal value to humanity.”
The designer praises his own project, but I don't like it.
The designers of the parkway were careful that road mixed with the environment in a natural way.
The designs are very symmetrical.
The desire emerges between need and demand.
The desire for love to be mutual does not belong to love but to vanity.
The desire for love to be requited is demanded not by love but by vanity.
The desire he has had for years has been fulfilled.
The desire is gone.
The desire is the father of the thought.
The desire is very big, but the energy is gone.
The desire of wickedness came up in your heart.
The desire to explore other countries isn't a lack of pride for one's own country.
The desire to fly in the sky like a bird inspired the invention of the airplane.
The desire to meet him again was something that absolutely had to be met.
The desire to preserve Dallas’ Tenth Street Historic District is rooted in the fact that the buildings there, which date from the late 19th to early 20th century, were mostly settled by formerly enslaved people after the Civil War.
The desire to survive and the fear of death are artistic sentiments.
The desire to write grows with writing.
The desires of evil people mess things up.
The desk Ken uses is old.
The desk drawer is open.
The desk has three drawers.
The desk is covered with dust.
The desk is in a state of total disorder.
The desk is made of marble.
The desk is made of wood.
The desk is next to the bookcase.
The desk is too small for Meg.
The desk looks badly scratched.
The desk looks tidy.
The desk seems small in this room.
The desk that Ken uses is old.
The desk that Tom uses is old.
The desk was covered in dust.
The desk was covered with dust.
The desk which Ken uses is old.
The desk which Tom uses is old.
The desktop personal computer changed the world when it was introduced back in the 1970s.
The despot was seen surrounded by demonstrators.
The dessert is ice cream.
The dessert is still missing.
The dessert tastes so damn good.
The dessert was great.
The dessert was made with whipped cream.
The dessert was rice pudding with sugar and cinnamon.
The desserts at Benedito's restaurant are mouth-watering.
The destination is Blackpool.
The destination is fictional, but the way can be mapped.
The destination is not as important as the getting there.
The destination is not as important as the journey.
The destiny of Tom and Mary ceaselessly haunted the author, weighed down by his own powerlessness to assume it.
The destroyer is near to the coast.
The destruction of Carthage was an extremely vile act.
The destruction of cultural heritage is a form of cultural warfare and a violation of human rights, says a special U.N. investigator on cultural rights.
The destruction of forests and bad land-use decisions contribute to nearly one-fourth of the world's greenhouse-gas emissions, which scientists blame for climate change, Kerry said. He thanked the Norwegian parliament for unanimously ratifying the Paris agreement Wednesday, and predicted the U.S. Senate will soon follow that course.
The destruction of mature tropical forests is a massive hit to biodiversity and is responsible for about 8% of global carbon dioxide emissions.
The destruction of the Al-Aqsa Mosque is accepted like it's totally normal.
The destruction of the al-Aqsa Mosque could have extremely serious and unpredictable political and even military consequences.
The destruction of the al-Aqsa Mosque is virtually impossible.
The destruction of the environment is appalling.
The destruction of the environment is big.
The destruction of the ozone layer affects the environment.
The destruction of the rainforests affects our environment.
The destruction was horrific.
The detachment fought valiantly.
The details are confidential.
The details are still unclear.
The details aren't necessary.
The details of Sami's affair came out.
The details of the agreement are indicated in the contract.
The details of the agreement are set forth in the contract.
The details of the agreement were worked out behind the scenes.
The details of the plan unfolded.
The details of the project have not been clear for the last two months.
The details on the dress include a bright belt.
The details really don't matter.
The detainee struggled in the tight handcuffs, but the police paid him no attention.
The detainees in China were screaming as they were getting arrested.
The detective I hired called to tell me he has a promising lead.
The detective admired the killer's skills.
The detective arrested Antonio and took him away.
The detective asked Rodrigo about the contents of his computer.
The detective asked the nurse if they had any escapes recently.
The detective began asking Rodrigo all sorts of questions.
The detective convinced Antonio to cooperate.
The detective disguised himself as an old gentleman.
The detective followed up with Lorenzo on the case.
The detective found a used hypodermic needle at the crime scene.
The detective found absolute proof of the man's guilt.
The detective found absolute proof of the man’s guilt.
The detective has a lot of adventures.
The detective has evidence of the crime.
The detective has successfully solved the mystery.
The detective held the wine glass up to the light checking for fingerprints.
The detective promised to look into the matter right away.
The detective questioned literally thousands of people about the incident.
The detective seated himself in the arm-chair, and puffed complacently at his cigar.
The detective shadowed the suspect for four blocks.
The detective showed me a picture of my wife and another man.
The detective stared at the newcomer with blank amazement.
The detective surprised the truth from the waitress.
The detective took down his oral testimony on the spot.
The detective took down his testimony on the spot, word for word.
The detective took down his testimony on the spot.
The detective took six months to get at the truth of that affair.
The detective tried to disentangle fact from fiction.
The detective twisted his moustache.
The detective used a magnifier to find some clues.
The detective was accused of planting evidence at the scene of the crime.
The detective was dreading the stakeout.
The detectives are drinking coffee.
The detectives chased down a promising lead.
The detectives connected the dots.
The detectives found Rodrigo’s fingerprints in Rima’s room.
The detectives found no other evidence.
The detectives gathered information.
The detectives interviewed witnesses.
The detectives investigated Elias's cell.
The detectives may just be barking up the wrong tree.
The detectives pursued him.
The detectives walked through charred ruins of the factory.
The detectives were baffled.
The detector has detected something, but I don't know what it is.
The detentions have been condemned by media organizations including the watchdog Reporters Without Borders (RSF) and prompted one British police force to call for an independent investigation.
The deterioration of corporate earnings has yet to bottom out.
The determination of what grammatical features are to be retained in the interlingua leaves open the question of the forms which are to be used to represent them.
The determined kayaker tackled the challenging course with precision.
The determining factor in question is whether this social welfare plan can facilitate the influx of immigrants.
The detoxing effect of the tea was skeptical in nature.
The devaluation of femininity perpetuates harmful gender stereotypes and restricts individual expression.
The devaluation of the currency dealt a crippling blow to the nation's economy.
The devaluation of the currency dealt a crippling blow to the nation’s economy.
The devastating loss became the catalyst for personal growth.
The devastation has already begun.
The devastation in Kobe was as terrible as I had imagined.
The developer created an app.
The developer encouraged modders by including modding tools with the game.
The developer is aware of this bug and will soon publish an update to address it. In the meantime, you can patch it yourself by following the steps below.
The developer needed city approval for his water plans.
The developers have fixed a game-breaking bug in the latest patch.
The developers have nerfed the Ice Sword. It does less damage now.
The developers quickly fixed the bug.
The developing world and the developed world can prevent a war from breaking out by helping each other.
The developing world is home to densely populated megacities that may be tinderboxes of viral transmission.
The developing world is home to some densely populated megacities that may be tinderboxes of viral transmission. But it also encompasses large rural areas where social distancing is not a public health recommendation, it's a way of life.
The development director called on the department to test the new product more precisely.
The development of Esperanto started in the nineteenth century.
The development of a new business idea is no doubt the ideal that everybody wishes for.
The development of a standard Berber language in Algeria draws heavily upon the linguistic characteristics of the Kabyle dialect.
The development of applications for Android is possible from today.
The development of human sexuality starts at an early age.
The development of internet slang is a fascinating linguistic phenomenon.
The development of the computer industry has been very rapid.
The development of the country is falling behind that of Japan.
The development of the individual resembles the development of the species.
The development of the personal computer has revolutionised the way people work, the way they live, and the way they interact with each other.
The development of word-processors has enabled us to type Japanese easily.
The development team is already working on another project.
The device doesn't just cool the beer, it makes it cold, but it doesn't get it to icy cold.
The device fits in the palm of your hand.
The device has a gyro motor.
The device is attached fast to the ceiling.
The device is fitted with a rubber gasket that engineers hope will create a seal, so crews can siphon the oil and natural gas into a surface ship.
The device is malfunctioning.
The device is portable.
The device requires only one pass through a building to create a three-dimensional, or 3D, model of the structure. In other words, the model shows an object’s height, width and depth. The device also is able to collect other valuable information related to the building’s energy usage.
The device won't start until the battery has been reseated, at which point it sometimes starts up briefly, but mostly switches itself off just as you're entering the PIN or, at most, three minutes later.
The device's battery stopped holding charge after six months of usage.
The device's warranty will expire this month.
The devices can also complete actions in the home. These include turning lights on and off, and controlling systems for heating and cooling and security.
The devil always finds a way to make something bad even worse.
The devil appears there.
The devil believes man is a caricature, not a portrait of God.
The devil challenged God to a baseball game.
The devil comes in many different disguises.
The devil comes to see me every night.
The devil destroyed Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
The devil doesn't like generous millionaires.
The devil escaped.
The devil finds ways to get people to adopt his tricks and give these festivals in the name of so-called Christianity, with the aim of humiliating the great Jehovah God. His plot succeeded.
The devil finds work for idle hands.
The devil fucked me.
The devil has more than twelve apostles.
The devil hides in the details.
The devil inside me always wins.
The devil is a brat.
The devil is a rascal.
The devil is a squirrel.
The devil is always in the detail.
The devil is an egoist.
The devil is an invention of the human brain.
The devil is an optimist if he thinks he can make people meaner.
The devil is dead.
The devil is hiding in the classroom.
The devil is in the details.
The devil is not so black as he is painted.
The devil lurks behind the cross.
The devil made me do it.
The devil made you do it.
The devil makes work for idle hands.
The devil may be a squirrel, but not all squirrels are the devil.
The devil mocks their every step.
The devil moved into big cities.
The devil take you all!
The devil take you!
The devil takes the hindmost.
The devil teaches us his tricks but not how to hide them.
The devil told me to do it.
The devil wins sometimes.
The devoted jockey rode in three races over the weekend, and his best result was a second-place finish on Friday, the first day of the season.
The devotees of Vishnu are called Vaishnavas; the devotees of Shiva are Shaivites.
The devotees witnessed the miracle with their own eyes.
The devout Christian persists in his belief.
The devout pray in silence.
The dew evaporated when the sun rose.
The dew falls in early morning.
The dew fell this morning.
The dew has fallen on the lawn.
The dew is on the leaves of grass.
The dew on the trees sparkles in the morning sun.
The dews were so heavy that the fields glistened like cloth of silver.
The diagnosis isn't serious.
The diagnosis will be the same.
The diagram above commutes if and only if f is an isomorphism.
The dial code for Bulgaria is +359.
The dialect changes both from town to town and between social classes in the same town.
The dialects of Algeria and Morocco are similar.
The dialects of Spanish are characterized, among other things, by whether they pronounce "c" and "z" like "s" or don't.
The dialects spoken by the Amish and the Mennonites have a very limited degree of intelligibility because these communities migrated to America before the German language was standardized.
The dialing prefix for Bulgaria is +359.
The dialogue commences with a request on the part of Hippocrates that Socrates would introduce him to the celebrated teacher.
The dialogue in this book is very over-the-top.
The dialogue in this book is very unrealistic.
The dialogue in this movie is ridiculous. I'm leaving.
The diameter is about three centimeters.
The diameter is at least three centimeters.
The diameter of the hole was slightly larger.
The diamond appears genuine.
The diamond deposit has only brought war and misery to this part of the country.
The diamond has a lovely lustre.
The diamond in this ring is polished.
The diamond is a precious stone.
The diamond necklace twinkled and sparkled in the light.
The diamond shone brightly.
The diamond sparkled in the sunlight.
The diamond was discovered by a boy in 1873.
The diamond was set in a gold ring.
The diamond was valued at 5,000 dollars.
The diapers are for my twins.
The diaphragm got irritated.
The diaphragm is a muscle.
The diary is horrible.
The diary is missing a few pages.
The diastems do not wear bad; they are called: the teeth of happiness.
The dice are loaded.
The diced courgette will be added to the pesto just before serving.
The diced ham in Benedito's salad is a great addition.
The dictator abused his privileges to his heart's content.
The dictator abused his privileges to his heart’s content.
The dictator accused Tom of treason for not applauding him.
The dictator arrogated judicial powers to himself.
The dictator brooks no opposition.
The dictator came to power fifteen years ago.
The dictator died after watching his favorite mature film.
The dictator distracted the populace by tricking them into victimizing marginalized people.
The dictator enforced obeisance on the people.
The dictator forced the tribe to agree on the terms of surrender.
The dictator gave a bombastic speech.
The dictator had all the evidence that he was wrong destroyed.
The dictator had statues of himself built.
The dictator had the absolute loyalty of all his aides.
The dictator had the absolute loyalty of all his assistants.
The dictator imposed himself through fear.
The dictator is setting up a presidential election.
The dictator is the epitome of dishonor.
The dictator launched a random massacre.
The dictator oppressed the people.
The dictator reorganised the country's leadership line-up in order to solidify his power base.
The dictator rules the country with an iron grip.
The dictator seized power in a military coup.
The dictator took power in a fraudulent election.
The dictator tried in vain to get out of the awkward situation.
The dictator wanted to feed his opponents to sharks.
The dictator wants to colonize Sami's home and kick his people out.
The dictator was burnt in effigy on the streets of Ibadan.
The dictator's fall will upend the political landscape.
The dictatorship came under fire for its human rights record.
The dictatorship is necessary because it is a case, not of partial changes, but of the very existence of the bourgeoisie. No agreement is possible on this ground. Only force can be the deciding factor.
The dictionaries are on the table.
The dictionary Tom usually uses is very large.
The dictionary aims to modernize and enrich the French language, embracing its evolution.
The dictionary comes in two volumes.
The dictionary contains about half a million words.
The dictionary contains many neologisms.
The dictionary definition is different.
The dictionary doesn't list all possible combinations. There are far too many.
The dictionary entries are in alphabetical order.
The dictionary form of the verb is equivalent to the English simple present or the present progressive.
The dictionary gathers nearly half a million words.
The dictionary had over 50 thousand words.
The dictionary he talked about isn't available in the library.
The dictionary he talked about isn’t available in the library.
The dictionary is an invaluable tool for learning languages.
The dictionary is big.
The dictionary is close at hand.
The dictionary is incomplete. It only goes to the letter J.
The dictionary is now available as an app for Android phones.
The dictionary is of great use to me.
The dictionary is on the desk.
The dictionary is on the table.
The dictionary is on your desk.
The dictionary is right over there.
The dictionary is small.
The dictionary is somewhere among all those books over there.
The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work.
The dictionary is up to date.
The dictionary is useful and, what is more, not expensive.
The dictionary on the desk is Tom's.
The dictionary on the desk is Tom’s.
The dictionary on the desk is mine.
The dictionary on the table belongs to Tom.
The dictionary on the table is Tom's.
The dictionary says otherwise.
The dictionary says that a woman is an adult female.
The dictionary that I bought hasn't been delivered to me yet.
The dictionary that I bought still wasn't delivered to me.
The dictionary that I bought was delivered to me this morning.
The dictionary that is on the desk is Tom's.
The dictionary was a fourteen-volume monster.
The dictionary's definition is different.
The dictum from that famous case became the basis for a number of important Supreme Court decisions.
The didn't want to tell anybody about what was going on.
The die has been cast.
The die is cast!
The die is cast.
The die is cast. I repeat: The die is cast.
The diesel engine was invented by Rudolf Diesel.
The diet "wall" that everybody hits.
The diet is difficult.
The dietitian told me I eat too much starch.
The dietitian told me that I consume too much starch.
The dietitian told me that I eat too much starch.
The difference and struggle between the Taliban and Daesh are somewhat similar to the ones between Stalinism and Trotskyism.
The difference between Algeria and Sudan is huge.
The difference between Earth and the other planets is that Earth has water.
The difference between Facebook and Twitter is that Twitter is a microblogging service.
The difference between Galician and Portuguese sometimes seems to me to be a simple matter of accent.
The difference between Gentiles and Jews was erased through Jesus Christ.
The difference between NASA and private space companies is that NASA is accountable to the taxpayers. Private space companies still depend on taxpayer money.
The difference between Salas's Berber classes and Skura's Berber classes are day and night.
The difference between a Nazi and a crypto-Nazi is that one wears a swastika while the other wears a police uniform.
The difference between a flower and a weed is just judgement.
The difference between a lady and a flower girl is not how she behaves, but how she is treated.
The difference between a standalone sentence and a sentence in the middle of an essay is that the latter has context.
The difference between a strictly quasilinear function and a quasilinear function is that, in the second case, the finite difference between two random points may be equal to zero.
The difference between being and non-being is illusory.
The difference between bragging and being ambitious is miniscule.
The difference between centipedes and millipedes is that centipedes are much uglier.
The difference between doing and not doing is doing.
The difference between him and me is that I am here now and he isn't.
The difference between love and hate is that you can kill out of hate... and you can die for love.
The difference between man and animal nowadays has more or less to do with clothing.
The difference between mushrooms and toadstools is purely a matter of nomenclature, not biology.
The difference between sex and death, is that death can be done alone, and nobody laughs about it.
The difference between the amount of energy the Earth receives from the sun and the energy it radiates back to space affects whether our planet's climate warms or cools.
The difference between the right word and almost the right word is the difference between lightning and the lightning bug.
The difference between the two terms is not clear.
The difference between the two types of "yes" may be greater than between "yes" and "no".
The difference between the two versions isn't clear.
The difference between the two versions isn’t clear.
The difference between them, in respect of age, could not exceed four years at most.
The difference between you and me is that I have class.
The difference between you and me is that I'm actually interested in trying to do the right thing.
The difference between you and me is that I'm actually interested in trying to do what is right.
The difference could be huge.
The difference in our ages is not significant.
The difference in our ages isn't significant.
The difference in the wealth of the parents determines the lot of the child. Some are carefully tended and clothed in silks and dainty linen; others are neglected and covered with rags.
The difference in their ages is six years.
The difference is amazing.
The difference is appreciated.
The difference is barely measurable.
The difference is crazy.
The difference is dramatic.
The difference is interesting.
The difference is like night and day.
The difference is minuscule at best.
The difference is not so great for me.
The difference is staggering.
The difference is striking.
The difference is substantial.
The difference is this: he works harder than you.
The difference was clear.
The difference was easy to see.
The difference was that the Amerindians did not have sufficient technology to resist their adversaries.
The difference was unbelievable.
The difference, as they say, is obvious.
The differences add up.
The differences are important.
The differences between Zionism and Judaism are profound.
The differences between Zionism and Judaism are vast.
The differences in gravity across Earth are called gravity anomalies.
The differences in quality between the two butchers was amazing.
The differences were minor, so I ignored them.
The differences were substantial.
The different character typologies are represented schematically in figure one.
The different people that Bernadette frequented haven't all been found by the police.
The differing volumes of carbon emissions are plotted in the graph below.
The difficult question is how.
The difficult question is where.
The difficult question is why.
The difficult times caused Dmitri’s health to deteriorate quickly.
The difficult we do at once. The impossible takes a little longer.
The difficulties have increased.
The difficulties have multiplied.
The difficulties of the Japanese language prevent all but a handful of foreigners from approaching the literature in the original.
The difficulty has intensified.
The difficulty in life is the choice.
The difficulty is that, as humans, we don't just solve problems, but also create problems.
The difficulty is to detach the framework of fact—of absolute undeniable fact—from the embellishments of theorists and reporters.
The difficulty of a task is no reason for passivity and doing nothing.
The difficulty of sketching the outlines of the history of Israel in pre-Maccabean times is unusually great.
The difficulty with biography is that it is partly record and partly art.
The digging in that construction zone is nonstop.
The digital information in DNA is only part of a complex information-processing system, an advanced form of nanotechnology that mirrors and excels our own in its complexity, storage density, and logic of design.
The digital revolution is paving the way towards strikingly new forms of social relationships.
The digital world is the future of Kabyle.
The digitally encoded information present in DNA and the complex circuitry and information-processing systems at work in living cells are best explained by the activity of an actual designing intelligence.
The dignitary drove a very fancy car.
The dignity of human beings is untouchable.
The dignity of man is inviolable. To respect and protect it is the duty of all state authority.
The dignity of man is untouchable.
The digression is escalating more and more.
The dilapidated tower collapsed with a crash.
The dilemma is that both options are risky.
The dim green light blinked in the darkness of the room.
The dimension of a vector space equals the largest number of its elements that can be linearly independent.
The diminished seventh chord has the property that it is enharmonically reinterpretable.
The diminutive Patrick, who stands just one meter, 57 centimeters and weighs 45 kilograms, has been driving for 13 years. She started with go-karts at the age of 10. When she was 16, Patrick moved to England and made her debut in the Formula Vauxhall Winter Series. She continued honing her driving skills, attending the Formula Ford racing school and moving up in the racing world until she signed a multi-year contract with Team Rahal in 2002.
The dinar continues to collapse.
The dinar fell in value.
The diner was empty inside.
The dingo fence was built in Australia in the early 20th century to help protect sheep.
The dingo has always been a wild canid, which developed as the wolf of Australia.
The dining area is always busy.
The dining area is rather busy.
The dining car's at the front end of the train.
The dining hall is directly adjacent to the lobby, or rather, from where you are, it's just three steps away?
The dining hall is directly adjacent to the lobby, or rather, from where you are, it’s just three steps away?
The dining hall is ready for you to use.
The dining room faces north.
The dining room has two doors.
The dining room in Tom's house is very large.
The dining room is directly adjacent to the vestibule — or, should I rather say, only three steps from where you are now?
The dining room is downstairs and the library is on the third floor.
The dining room is near the kitchen.
The dining room is north-facing.
The dining room is ready for you to use.
The dining room isn't open yet.
The dining table is dirty.
The dining-room which opened out of the hall was a place of shadow and gloom. It was a long chamber with a step separating the daïs where the family sat from the lower portion reserved for their dependents. At one end a minstrel’s gallery overlooked it.
The dinner guests remained unaware that the chef had tainted their appetizers.
The dinner he ate this evening was inferior in quality to that dinner.
The dinner is almost ready.
The dinner is very good.
The dinner party was a huge success, and everyone raved about the food that Matthew had made using the cookbook.
The dinner table was heavy.
The dinner they served was badly cooked.
The dinner was expensive.
The dinner was great.
The dinner was served in two huge tin-plated vessels, whence rose a strong steam redolent of rancid fat.
The dinner was so delicious.
The dinner was so good!
The dinner was so tasty.
The dinner was superior in quality to the one he ate this evening.
The dinner was tasty. I liked it a lot.
The dinner was very good.
The dinosaur continued to roar at a deafening volume.
The dinosaur let out its siren-like scream.
The dinosaur took Ziri away as a sandwich.
The dinosaur was going round running riot.
The dinosaur was heading towards the hotel.
The dinosaur was not big like I had imagined last night, but it was green, with red and yellow scales and a very friendly face.
The dinosaur, now called Anzu wyliei, had a beak but no teeth, a long neck, a bony crest on the top of its head and razor-sharp claws.
The dinosaurs are grazing peacefully.
The dinosaurs in the film "Jurassic Park" were true to life.
The dinosaurs in the film "Jurassic Park" were true-to-life.
The dip burned my tongue.
The dip was so hot, it burned my tongue.
The diploma Tom has hanging on his wall is fake.
The diplomat was shot at the embassy.
The diplomatic consequences of such an incident are hard to judge.
The diplomatic crisis with Russia destabilised the government.
The diplomatic squabble flared into an open war.
The diplomats are in a precarious position.
The diplomats are meeting to negotiate.
The diplomats hope to maintain the status quo on this question.
The direction of causality is yet to be determined.
The direction of the conversation changed when Fyodor asked Rima if she ran away from home.
The direction of the thrust force depends on how the engines are attached to the aircraft.
The direction the asteroid is orbiting the sun is what clued scientists into its interstellar origins.
The directions are simple.
The directions say we should turn left.
The directions seem incomplete.
The director approached Michael.
The director became really anxious at this second postponement.
The director boasted of his status.
The director called Ziri to his office and threatened to kick him out.
The director cast me as the devil.
The director decided to offer the role to Igor.
The director has asked the board to nominate him for a second term.
The director has been waiting for John until the last possible moment.
The director is away on a trip.
The director is certain that the plot won’t underwhelm the movie’s target audience at all.
The director is satisfied with the way the play came out.
The director is sensitive to criticism.
The director met guests in the mornings.
The director of Phipps Conservatory says he hopes the G20 leaders are impressed with Pittsburgh's commitment to the environment and energy conservation.
The director of WHO’s department of environment, climate change and health, Maria Neira, says particulate matter can affect almost every organ in the body.
The director of conservation at The Museum of Fine Arts Houston, David Bomford, says restoration can sometimes involve removing discolored paint applied in past restorations.
The director of the Beijing World Art Museum, Wang Limei, says thousands of Chinese citizens will benefit from seeing masterpieces of the highest caliber with indelible Western cultural characteristics.
The director of the World Trade Organization, Roberto Azevedo, responded coolly, saying, “A trade war is in no one’s interests.”
The director of the firm was voted out of office due to the scandal.
The director of the school wants to close the canteen and create a new recreation room for the students.
The director reprimanded Tom.
The director reprimanded you.
The director said "Cut!"
The director said "Cut."
The director shouted that everything was ready for filming.
The director shouted: "Cut!"
The director thought about his answer and spoke again.
The director used his power to arrange a special place in the cinema world.
The director wanted the local Asahi reporter to go to the scene of the crime.
The director wants to see you in his office.
The director wants to see you.
The director wasn't happy with the change.
The director will be feted at the festival.
The director won't see you.
The directors meet in boardrooms every Monday.
The directors were accused of bribe, tax fraud and forgery.
The directors were reluctant to undertake so risky a venture.
The directors' style is far more different than similar, but there is certainly some overlap.
The dirty boy turned out to be a prince in disguise.
The dirty clothes left a foul odor in the air of the locker room.
The dirty plates in the restaurant disgusted us.
The dirty water from the pool was drained, and replaced with clean water.
The disabled considered her their best advocate.
The disabled seek protection of their incomes.
The disadvantage of excellent insulation is that it quickly leads to overheating.
The disagreement between the union and management could lead to a strike.
The disagreement with him and with his strategy are at the heart of the matter.
The disappearance of a language means the disappearance of priceless scientific data.
The disappearance of hundreds of small glaciers in the Alps was dramatized when hundreds of mourners recently attended what was dubbed a "funeral" to mark the loss of Switzerland's Pizol glacier.
The disappearance of one unique group of wolves coincided with the bison’s near-extinction, suggesting that although the bison eventually recovered, an entire “ecotype” of wolves specialized to hunt them never did.
The disappearances in the Bermuda Triangle are inexplicable.
The disappearances of seven female college students have seized the nation's attention.
The disappearances of seven female college students have seized the nation’s attention.
The disappointment was followed by an interval of blankness.
The disappointment was written in her face.
The disciples of John were there.
The discipline of computational linguistics, at the intersection of linguistics and computer science, studies how to deal with human language with the help of artificial intelligence.
The disco is empty.
The discount can't be used for all goods or at all restaurants.
The discount can’t be used for all goods or at all restaurants.
The discount coupon was nowhere to be found.
The discount is included in the price.
The discourse about Tom spoiled my evening.
The discourse analysis reveals the hidden intentions of the geopolitical actors.
The discourse of the Likud is becoming much more racist.
The discovery builds on earlier work that found a small protein in the venom of the Fraser Island funnel-web spider that markedly improved patients’ recovery from a stroke.
The discovery earned him the Nobel Prize in Physics.
The discovery is the first of its kind.
The discovery marks the first time since nineteen twenty-three that a new ant subfamily has been identified.
The discovery of King Tutankhamun's tomb in 1922 inspired "The Mummy" in 1932.
The discovery of Saturn's mysterious ring system led to a rush of observations of the planet during Huygens' time.
The discovery of a new food does more for the human race than the discovery of a star.
The discovery of a new type of meal contributes more to humankind than the discovery of a new star.
The discovery of antibiotics in the 20th century brought remarkable changes to modern medicine, enabling people to live longer, healthier lives. But in the last generation, new strains of bacteria have emerged that are resistant to these wonder drugs. One of the main causes of resistance is the overuse of antibiotics. That includes drugs given to commercially raised livestock. Leda Hartman profiles a family farm in the state of North Carolina that is raising meat without the use of chemicals.
The discovery of color film was the downfall of black and white film.
The discovery of electric waves made radio possible.
The discovery of electricity changed our history.
The discovery of electricity gave birth to an innumerable number of inventions.
The discovery of inadequate infection control protocols in several dental clinics has given rise to fears that patients may have been infected with HIV or hepatitis.
The discovery of long-forgotten gravestones in a thicket of bramble and alder set one author on the trail of a singular Native American woman and oyster farmer who lived in 19th century Washington state.
The discovery of oil enriched the country.
The discovery of oil on Trinidad in 1910 added another important export.
The discovery of oil was a lucky accident.
The discovery of the tiniest bacteria-like or virus-like organism outside the Earth would be only the tip of the iceberg. It would be a "miracle" as it is.
The discovery of truth should remain the single aim of science.
The discovery of water on Mars has fueled hopes of finding life there.
The discovery surprised me.
The discovery that electric currents can be produced by magnetism is extremely important in the field of electricity.
The discovery that nucleic acids are the chemical basis of heredity almost single-handedly launched the modern discipline of molecular biology.
The discovery took place on a warm August day in 1896.
The discovery will have a momentous effect on the treatment of cancer.
The discrepancy between the high moral cost of inflicting pain on these creatures and the insignificant benefit of improving one's appearance is such that the latter cannot be said to outweigh the former.
The discrepancy between the stories of the two parties involved in the accident was so great that the authorities had a hard time deciding which side was telling the truth.
The discriminatory practices of Western airlines that hinder Russian citizens from accessing air travel highlight the far-reaching impact of Western arrogance and sense of superiority.
The discriminatory practices of Western airlines towards Russian citizens perpetuate a sense of injustice and reinforce existing power imbalances.
The discs are audible but the sound quality is terrible.
The discus and the shot put are two different things.
The discussion came to a conclusion.
The discussion centred on unemployment.
The discussion dragged on with no end in sight.
The discussion finally led to a good compromise.
The discussion produced a great deal of noise, but no forward motion.
The discussion put her into a stupor.
The discussion quickly got technical.
The discussion resumed after a brief pause.
The discussion the villagers had on the environment was quite lively.
The discussion turned tumultuous, and voices were raised.
The discussion was animated.
The discussion was being cancelled.
The discussion was heated.
The discussion was intellectually stimulating.
The discussion was interrupted.
The discussion was lively.
The discussion was nipped in the bud.
The discussion went on till late at night.
The discussion will be continued tomorrow morning.
The discussion will be over soon.
The discussion with Tom was exhausting for us.
The discussions are ongoing.
The discussions are still in progress.
The discussions were always constructive.
The discussions were long and sometimes bitter.
The discussions were very constructive.
The disease began all of a sudden.
The disease can be prevented.
The disease had no known cure yet.
The disease he has is jaundice.
The disease is prevalent in the area.
The disease is spread mostly by rats.
The disease is spread mostly by rodents.
The disease is still in its early stages.
The disease is still in the primary stage.
The disease left Mike unable to walk.
The disease of our time is perfectionism.
The disease sheared him of his physical strength.
The disease spared nothing in him.
The disease spread in several ways.
The disease spread quickly through the town.
The disease took his sight.
The disease turned out to be fatal.
The disease was caused by a new micro-organism.
The disease we are talking about is hereditary.
The disease, formally known as avian influenza, is untreatable and has already killed more than 20,000 Cape cormorant birds since last year.
The disgraced comedian attempted to revive his career.
The disguise didn't work. Tom was detected.
The disguise has been stripped off, and now only the cold face of war is visible.
The disgusted audience started throwing things at the stage.
The dish fell on the floor with a crash.
The dish had many diced potatoes in it.
The dish is rustic.
The dish is too sweet for Tom.
The dish ran away with the spoon.
The dish smells good.
The dish told on my stomach.
The dish you cooked tasted very good.
The dish you prepared for dinner last night was very salty.
The dishes and silverware are Japanese-styled but the food is French-style cooking at this restaurant.
The dishes are already in the dishwasher.
The dishes are dirty.
The dishes are done.
The dishes are overturned.
The dishes are piling up in the sink because we've run out of dishwashing detergent.
The dishes are piling up in the sink.
The dishes are washed.
The dishes can be washed in half an hour.
The dishes crashed to the floor.
The dishes got sent to the wrong table.
The dishes have to be done every day.
The dishes need done.
The dishes need to be done.
The dishes need to be washed.
The dishes never did wind up getting put away.
The dishes were manufactured in Taiwan.
The dishes were not so delicious, but otherwise the party was a success.
The dishwasher is broken.
The dishwasher is there to help; don't leave dirty dishes on the counter.
The dishwasher made a strange sound.
The dishwasher was plugged in.
The dishwasher was still there.
The dishwasher's broken.
The dismantling of the British Empire was relatively peaceful.
The dismissal of foreign minister Tanaka is symbolic of the continuing political turmoil.
The dispatch sent officers over immediately.
The dispatch was redacted in this way.
The dispenser is so powerful that it freezes the water inside it.
The displays will include pieces of artwork and other exhibits from around the world, centering on the importance of the menorah in both Jewish and Christian history and culture.
The disposal of bioplastic waste represents a big problem.
The disproportionate power of the West is declining.
The disproportionate power of the Western world has started to decline.
The disputants know instinctively that an outsider can see the difficulty better than an insider.
The dispute affected relations between management and workers.
The dispute between them is due to a misunderstanding.
The dispute between them is due to misunderstanding.
The dispute escalated into a public slanging match.
The dispute has finally been settled.
The dispute over the islands has led to some anti-Japanese protests in China.
The dispute quickly turned into a public slanging match.
The dispute was finally settled.
The dispute was settled peacefully.
The disputed region is at the center of tensions and there are fears another war between the two rivals could escalate into a nuclear exchange.
The dissemination of scientific knowledge is essential.
The dissertation "The Analysis of Japanese Relative Clauses" may interest Japan fans.
The dissertation he wrote was ten thousand words long.
The dissimilarities of temperament, range and choice of subjects are manifest, but the outstanding difference is this: Georgian Poetry has an editor, and the poems it contains may be taken as that editor's reaction to the poetry of the day.
The dissonance in this piece has caused many critics to label it a "wrong note sonata".
The distance a golf ball flies off the face of a club is determined in large part by two factors: what the ball is made of, and the so-called coefficient of restitution, or COR, which is a measure of the transfer of energy from the club to the ball.
The distance between Dallas and Houston is similar to that between Seoul and Busan.
The distance between stars is measured in light years.
The distance between the object and the text is too large.
The distance couldn't extinguish their romantic feelings.
The distance from my home to yours is two kilometers.
The distance from my house to your house is two kilometers.
The distance from my house to yours is about three kilometers.
The distance from the sun to the earth is about 93 million miles.
The distance he ran was much greater than had been expected.
The distance is hard to estimate.
The distance is too far.
The distance that sound travels in the ocean varies greatly, depending primarily upon water temperature and pressure.
The distances between buildings here are huge.
The distances he traversed on foot were enormous, and extended nearly the whole length and breadth of Wessex.
The distant worlds observed by Hubble and other telescopes are just the tip of the iceberg, according to a Hubble survey of the center of our Milky Way. The study revealed that our galaxy should be brimming with 100 billion planets, at least one planet for every star.
The distinction between a language and a dialect is arbitrary and not applied the same way everywhere.
The distinction between a language and a dialect is arbitrary.
The distinction between hardcore soccer fans and criminals is becoming more and more undistinguishable.
The distinction between the past, present and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion.
The distinction in usage between the two words is clear.
The distinction is critical.
The distinction is important.
The distinction is not always precise.
The distinctive colouring of the flamingo comes from carotenoids in their diet.
The distinguished writer won the Nobel Prize for Literature.
The distress call of a young dolphin has been used to lure a large pod of the animals to safety.
The distribution of aids in the region is currently governed by a UN resolution.
The distribution of the ballots took ten minutes.
The distribution of this product is a little slow.
The distributors are asking for an exceptional margin.
The district attorney has lodged a complaint against you for witness tampering.
The district attorney indicted him for theft and murder.
The district attorney is unwilling to proceed due to insufficient evidence.
The district attorney wasn't content with a two-year sentence.
The district attorney wasn’t content with a two-year sentence.
The district is abundant in natural resources.
The district is short of water.
The distrust between Tom and Mary almost led them to separate.
The distrust between Tom and Mary almost led to a divorce.
The ditch is ten feet deep.
The ditch is ten feet long.
The ditch is ten feet wide.
The ditch is three feet deep.
The ditch is three feet wide.
The diver looked up and saw Snell's window.
The diver put on his diving gear.
The diver ran out of air and drowned.
The diver resurfaced.
The diver wanted to test the limits of his equipment.
The divers are running out of air.
The divers can gather pearls with no danger.
The divers didn't make it back.
The divers found a wreck on the sea-bed.
The divers recovered five corpses.
The divers were trapped in the cave.
The diverse and youthful voting coalition behind President Obama was on full display at an election night watch party at a nearby bistro. Historian Allan Lichtman says the president benefitted from a strong turnout among women, African Americans, Hispanics and younger voters.
The diversity of flowers in this area is astounding.
The diversity of flowers in this meadow is absolutely unbelievable.
The dives served as a form of therapy.
The divide over when to celebrate the holiday was so deep that half of the states adopted the new day, while the other half stuck to the traditional day.
The dividing line between the two is clear and simple.
The diving competition is one of Mary's favorite events to watch in the Olympics.
The diving competition was really fun to watch.
The division of Germany was considered a given until 1989.
The division of humanity into genetic "races" based on skin color is a social construct. A black African may genetically have more in common (excluding skin color) with a white European than with another black African. Furthermore, social attitudes as to which skin colors are "white" or "black" can vary from culture to culture. A "black" person in one society may be a "white" person in another.
The division of mankind into various reciprocally hostile nations and national religious communities is something I see as one of the greatest misfortunes, which must sooner or later disappear and whose disappearance I must accelerate to the best of my ability.
The division of the property was a bone of contention between the brothers.
The division picnic is this Saturday at the park.
The divisional commissioner coordinates multiple departments and contributes to the implementation of security policies.
The divorce felt like a liberation.
The divorce left the man with emotional wounds.
The divorce rate is expected to rise.
The divorce was Fyodor’s idea.
The divorce was complicated.
The divorce was finalized this morning at the attorney's office.
The divorce was finalized this morning at the attorney’s office.
The divorce was going to be so costly for Sami.
The divorcée married another man and they lived happily ever after.
The djellaba is a long garment.
The docks are connected to the rail network.
The docs are looking into it.
The docs are on the table.
The doctor Sinuhe travelled across Egypt and the Mediterranean region trepanning skulls and drinking wine.
The doctor administered Damiano a tranquilizer.
The doctor administered a tetanus shot to Miroslav as a precautionary measure after the centipede bite.
The doctor administered medicine to the patient.
The doctor advised Mr White not to smoke too much.
The doctor advised Mr. White not to smoke a lot.
The doctor advised Mr. White not to smoke too much.
The doctor advised Tom to abstain from drinking.
The doctor advised Tom to get more sleep.
The doctor advised Tom to have at least three alcohol-free days per week.
The doctor advised Tom to stay in bed and put him on sick leave for a week.
The doctor advised Tom to stop drinking.
The doctor advised Tom to stop smoking as soon as possible.
The doctor advised a change of air.
The doctor advised both of us to lose weight.
The doctor advised her not to salt her food.
The doctor advised her to enter the hospital.
The doctor advised him not to eat between meals.
The doctor advised him not to salt his food.
The doctor advised him not to smoke.
The doctor advised him that it would be better to give up the drink.
The doctor advised him to abstain from drinking.
The doctor advised him to cut back on drinking.
The doctor advised him to cut down on drinking.
The doctor advised him to do more exercise.
The doctor advised him to drink less.
The doctor advised him to ease up on alcohol.
The doctor advised him to give up drinking.
The doctor advised him to give up smoking.
The doctor advised him to give up the drink.
The doctor advised him to keep away from drinking.
The doctor advised him to stop working too much.
The doctor advised him to work less.
The doctor advised me not to drink too much.
The doctor advised me not to eat too much.
The doctor advised me not to smoke too much.
The doctor advised me that I should go on a diet.
The doctor advised me that I should not work so much anymore.
The doctor advised me to drink more milk.
The doctor advised me to drink more water to prevent dehydration.
The doctor advised me to exercise more.
The doctor advised me to give up smoking.
The doctor advised me to leave off jogging because it was excessive exercise.
The doctor advised me to lose weight.
The doctor advised me to quit jogging because it was excessive exercise.
The doctor advised me to quit smoking.
The doctor advised me to stop smoking.
The doctor advised me to take a long holiday.
The doctor advised me to take more exercise.
The doctor advised me to take up some sport to stay in shape.
The doctor advised my father to cut down on smoking.
The doctor advised my father to give up smoking.
The doctor advised my father to stop smoking.
The doctor advised that my mother stay in bed for three more days.
The doctor advised that she stay at home.
The doctor advised that she take a holiday.
The doctor advised the man to stop drinking.
The doctor agreed to treat Tom for free.
The doctor alerted him to the riskiness of the medicine.
The doctor analyzed the blood sample for anemia.
The doctor and the sheriff are shaking hands.
The doctor answered the phone.
The doctor arrived in his horse-drawn buggy.
The doctor arrived in the nick of time.
The doctor arrived in time to save her.
The doctor arrived on time to treat Ziri.
The doctor asked Mr Smith to stop smoking.
The doctor asked Tom what the pain felt like.
The doctor asked me to come back in three days.
The doctor asked me to take my shirt off.
The doctor asked me to take off my shirt.
The doctor asked me to wiggle my toes.
The doctor asked them how they had treated their body in the past.
The doctor assured Lukas he would soon be fine.
The doctor assured Tom Mary would be fine.
The doctor assured Tom he'd be fine.
The doctor assured Tom that Mary would be fine.
The doctor assured Tom that Mary would get well.
The doctor assured Tom that he'd be fine.
The doctor at the hospital can't do anything for Tom so that's why he's just going home.
The doctor attached cotton strips to the bottom of Mennad's nose to stop the bleeding.
The doctor attended to the sick old man all night, pouring shot after shot of whiskey into the old man's open mouth until he died.
The doctor bandaged Martino’s eyes.
The doctor bandaged Tom's leg.
The doctor bandaged his head.
The doctor bandaged the boy's injured leg.
The doctor bandaged the boy’s injured leg.
The doctor bandaged the tennis player's elbow.
The doctor barely managed to save Boldi.
The doctor bent over the sick boy.
The doctor bound my wounds.
The doctor broke the Hippocratic Oath.
The doctor brought the report to his desk.
The doctor called him back.
The doctor came at four o'clock.
The doctor came at the last moment.
The doctor came back.
The doctor came immediately.
The doctor came in carrying a black bag.
The doctor came in time.
The doctor came in.
The doctor came into the examination room and asked about her problem.
The doctor came into the room and examined Tom.
The doctor came out.
The doctor came running from his house to deliver Skura's baby.
The doctor came, looked at the sick person and prescribed some medicine.
The doctor came.
The doctor can cure your son of the disease.
The doctor can see you at ten on May seventh.
The doctor can't examine the patient being drunk.
The doctor cauterised the wound.
The doctor changed Tom's medication.
The doctor checked Lukas’s eyes and said he was recovering quite nicely.
The doctor checked Sami's eyes.
The doctor checked my pulse.
The doctor checked the patient's pulse.
The doctor checked the patient’s pulse.
The doctor concluded that her stomach pains were due to irritable bowel syndrome.
The doctor confirmed that Linda was pregnant.
The doctor contemplated the difficult operation.
The doctor continued to observe the patient's behavior.
The doctor continued to observe the patient’s behavior.
The doctor couldn't figure out what was wrong.
The doctor cured her of her disease.
The doctor cured him of his cancer.
The doctor cured him of his illness.
The doctor cured him.
The doctor cured the disease.
The doctor decided to operate at once.
The doctor declared the death.
The doctor declared the patient dead.
The doctor deemed Damiano a psychopath.
The doctor demanded I stay in bed for a week.
The doctor devoted a great deal of effort and the patient recovered.
The doctor diagnosed the patient with the flu.
The doctor did a blood test to find out what was wrong with Ziri.
The doctor did a good job on my leg.
The doctor did all he could to save the injured boy.
The doctor did everything he could.
The doctor did everything possible as a physician to save the life of the dying child; he also gave his blood to help the child weather the storm.
The doctor did what he was supposed to, and the little princess was very quiet.
The doctor didn't allow me to go out.
The doctor didn't allow my father to carry heavy things.
The doctor didn't speak Berber.
The doctor didn't take care of the newborn properly.
The doctor didn’t allow me to go out.
The doctor died from radiation poisoning.
The doctor discovered a lump in her breast.
The doctor doesn't attach any importance to these symptoms.
The doctor doesn't even know that patient's medical history.
The doctor doesn't know anything about this patient.
The doctor doesn't want to work with this nurse.
The doctor dosed the girl with antibiotics.
The doctor dropped in to see me this morning. His name is Werner, but he is a Russian. There is nothing surprising in that. I once knew an Ivanov who was a German.
The doctor emphasized that the patient had only a few days.
The doctor emphasized that the patient only had a few days to live.
The doctor examine Vladimir's knee and didn't see anything wrong.
The doctor examined Boldi very carefully.
The doctor examined Boldi's eyes for about ten minutes.
The doctor examined Miroslav's foot and prescribed an antihistamine to alleviate the swelling caused by the centipede bite.
The doctor examined Tom to make sure he had no internal injuries.
The doctor examined Tom's wound.
The doctor examined Tom.
The doctor examined Ziri.
The doctor examined her hand.
The doctor examined her heart.
The doctor examined him and told him that he needed to take care of himself because he wasn't a kid anymore.
The doctor examined me.
The doctor examined my brain.
The doctor examined my throat.
The doctor examined over fifty patients that day.
The doctor examined the X-ray and confirmed the presence of a hairline fracture in the patient's wrist.
The doctor examined the baby.
The doctor examined the child and said she was healthy.
The doctor examined the patient.
The doctor examined the patients.
The doctor examines the patient.
The doctor examines the patients.
The doctor explained the severity of Antonio’s case.
The doctor extracted the thorn from Ziri's foot.
The doctor felt his pulse.
The doctor felt my pulse.
The doctor felt my stomach.
The doctor felt my throat.
The doctor finally came back.
The doctor finally came in.
The doctor forbade me from taking part in the marathon.
The doctor forbade me to take part in the marathon.
The doctor forgot his prescription pad in his car.
The doctor found a high amount of neutrophils in my blood in perhaps a sign of leukemia.
The doctor found out that Mennad had a concussion.
The doctor gave Boldi a very alarming diagnosis.
The doctor gave Boldi an injection.
The doctor gave Tom a sedative.
The doctor gave Tom a status update on how the tumor in his brain had been responding to the chemotherapy.
The doctor gave Tom a thorough check-up.
The doctor gave Tom morphine.
The doctor gave Tom some morphine.
The doctor gave her a sedative.
The doctor gave her a thorough check-up.
The doctor gave her four stitches.
The doctor gave her morphine.
The doctor gave him a sedative.
The doctor gave him four stitches.
The doctor gave him morphine.
The doctor gave him some drugs to relieve the pain.
The doctor gave him the medicine.
The doctor gave it to her.
The doctor gave me a clean bill of health.
The doctor gave me a jab.
The doctor gave me a prescription.
The doctor gave me a shot.
The doctor gave me an enema.
The doctor gave me an injection.
The doctor gave me something for the pain.
The doctor gave me the address of the hospital.
The doctor gave the patient 25 milligrams of morphine.
The doctor got angry.
The doctor got mad.
The doctor greeted Rodrigo and took him inside the clinic.
The doctor had a fight with one of his nurses.
The doctor had a physical altercation with one of his nurses.
The doctor had made an incorrect diagnosis.
The doctor had me lie down on the bed.
The doctor had me lie in bed.
The doctor had me lying in bed.
The doctor had to treat a patient in a remote village.
The doctor has asked Mr Smith to stop smoking.
The doctor has become suspicious that someone in the family is making Yanni sick.
The doctor has cured him.
The doctor has given her some tablets to take away the pain.
The doctor has no office hours on Monday morning.
The doctor has ordered the patient to abstain from wine.
The doctor has prescribed you medicine.
The doctor has saved my life.
The doctor has taken a swab from the mucous membrane.
The doctor has to look at her thyroid.
The doctor has to see this.
The doctor has to straighten the fracture.
The doctor hasn't gotten here yet.
The doctor heals the sick man.
The doctor held his stethoscope against the patient's chest.
The doctor immediately began to look for the cause of Boldi's ailment.
The doctor informed his patient of the name of his disease.
The doctor informed us that mom has stage four cancer.
The doctor inserted an intubation tube down the patient's throat to help with their breathing.
The doctor insisted on him staying in bed.
The doctor insisted that he should stay in bed.
The doctor insisted that he stay in bed.
The doctor insisted that the patient get plenty of rest.
The doctor inspected the dead body of the nanny.
The doctor instructed me to go on a diet.
The doctor instructed the patient to clip the pulse oximeter onto their finger so that they could measure their blood oxygen saturation levels.
The doctor insulted one of his nurses.
The doctor is a great authority on children's diseases.
The doctor is a great authority on children’s diseases.
The doctor is a man of culture.
The doctor is a monkey!
The doctor is administering a jab.
The doctor is administering an injection.
The doctor is coming back out.
The doctor is concerned.
The doctor is corrupt.
The doctor is doing his rounds.
The doctor is drinking a glass of wine.
The doctor is examining him right now.
The doctor is examining the foot.
The doctor is examining the patients.
The doctor is expecting you.
The doctor is fighting against the disease.
The doctor is gentle with his patients.
The doctor is giving an injection.
The doctor is going to be here any minute.
The doctor is here.
The doctor is in.
The doctor is known to everyone in the village.
The doctor is listening to the patient's lungs through a stethoscope.
The doctor is listening to the patient's lungs using a stethoscope.
The doctor is looking for medicine that is effective for this illness.
The doctor is making her rounds.
The doctor is not available now.
The doctor is not very optimistic.
The doctor is on his way.
The doctor is only available on weekdays.
The doctor is over there.
The doctor is seeing that patient.
The doctor is sending his patient for an X-ray.
The doctor is taking care of Tom.
The doctor is taking the patient's pulse.
The doctor is talking to the patient.
The doctor is there.
The doctor is trying to solve many of the riddles of cancer.
The doctor is waiting for the result of my tests.
The doctor is with another patient.
The doctor is working from morning til night.
The doctor is writing prescriptions for medicine.
The doctor is young. Is the pilot, too?
The doctor isn't available now.
The doctor isn't here yet. Until then, wait here.
The doctor isn't very optimistic.
The doctor just tells me when to take each medicine.
The doctor knew how to cope with an emergency like this.
The doctor knows nothing about this patient.
The doctor lifted Boldi's eyelid.
The doctor listened to Tom's breathing with a stethoscope.
The doctor listens to the patient's lungs with a stethoscope.
The doctor looked gravely at the patient.
The doctor looks worried.
The doctor made a note on his pad.
The doctor made an incorrect diagnosis.
The doctor made his patient relax before the operation.
The doctor made six house calls in the afternoon.
The doctor made sure to suture the wound.
The doctor made the correct diagnosis.
The doctor made the death official.
The doctor made the wrong diagnosis.
The doctor may advise cautery, a method that burns the blood vessel with electric current, silver nitrate or a laser.
The doctor may allow her to return to work next week.
The doctor may have said so.
The doctor might have said that.
The doctor might've said that.
The doctor misdiagnosed it.
The doctor monitored the patient's heartbeat and blood pressure.
The doctor monitored the patient’s heartbeat and blood pressure.
The doctor must be sent for at once.
The doctor must straighten the fracture.
The doctor needed to run some more tests.
The doctor needs this equipment to better perform his job.
The doctor never said this would happen.
The doctor offered the child a lollipop. Against expectation the child said he preferred no lollipop and no jab to getting the immunisation and lollipop.
The doctor operates two days a week.
The doctor ordered a few tests and an MRI.
The doctor ordered a full physical examination for the patient.
The doctor ordered an unnecessary test.
The doctor ordered her to go on a strict diet.
The doctor ordered him to rest.
The doctor ordered me a complete rest.
The doctor ordered me to rest fully.
The doctor ordered me to stay in bed.
The doctor ordered that he take a rest.
The doctor ordered the patient not to eat shellfish while the infection was being treated.
The doctor painted Tom's throat with iodine.
The doctor palpated my abdomen.
The doctor performed a difficult operation.
The doctor performed an unnecessary procedure.
The doctor performed surgery to remove the metal fragment.
The doctor performed the operation.
The doctor performing the operation seemed to be concentrating more on his conversation with his assistant than on the operation he was performing. Tom has suffered from the consequences to this day.
The doctor persuaded him to give up smoking.
The doctor placed a stethoscope on the patient's chest.
The doctor placed a stethoscope on the patient’s chest.
The doctor prescribed Boldi a lot of drugs.
The doctor prescribed Boldi a treatment to relieve his condition.
The doctor prescribed Tom a sedative.
The doctor prescribed her medicine.
The doctor prescribed him medication.
The doctor prescribed it for her.
The doctor prescribed me Ciprofloxacin for my urinary tract infection.
The doctor prescribed me medicine.
The doctor prescribed medicine for the patient.
The doctor prescribed some medicine for her cold.
The doctor prescribed some medicine.
The doctor prescribed two daily doses to the patient.
The doctor prescribes it once a month.
The doctor pronounced Tom dead.
The doctor pronounced her dead.
The doctor pronounced him dead.
The doctor pulled his tooth out with a pair of tongs.
The doctor pulled his tooth with the forceps.
The doctor pulled the paper from his pocket.
The doctor put a splint on her arm.
The doctor put my right leg in plaster the day before yesterday.
The doctor put on his scrubs.
The doctor ran a few tests.
The doctor ran a toxicology test on Martino.
The doctor ran to her patient.
The doctor read the report carefully.
The doctor reads many books.
The doctor reassured me about my father's condition.
The doctor reassured me about my father’s condition.
The doctor received encouraging results from the study of the new drug on impotent mice.
The doctor receives his patients between 3:00 p.m. and 6:00 p.m.
The doctor recommended Ziri rest for a few days.
The doctor recommended frequent bloodletting.
The doctor recommended some activities Amanda would do with her parents every day.
The doctor recommended that I don't sweat the small stuff.
The doctor recommended that I stop smoking.
The doctor recommended that Tom should stop smoking. However, Tom ignores it, keeping smoking.
The doctor recommended that he take the purple pill.
The doctor recommended that you should give up smoking.
The doctor recommends that he take the pills with food.
The doctor released him from his pain.
The doctor released him from his suffering.
The doctor removed her gloves.
The doctor rescheduled the surgery for a month later.
The doctor reviewed the patient's medical chart to check for any allergies or past medical conditions before prescribing new medication.
The doctor rushed to her patient.
The doctor rushed to his patient.
The doctor said I had to quit smoking.
The doctor said I have a brain tumor.
The doctor said I need to be in the hospital for at least three weeks.
The doctor said I needed to learn to live with the pain.
The doctor said I should be able to walk again by October.
The doctor said I should eat in moderation.
The doctor said I'll never walk again.
The doctor said I'm going to have to take it easy for a while.
The doctor said I'm healthy as a horse.
The doctor said Tom didn't have to stay in the hospital.
The doctor said Tom didn't need to stay in the hospital.
The doctor said Tom has food poisoning.
The doctor said Tom needed an operation.
The doctor said he can't help Tom.
The doctor said he has to look at my thyroid.
The doctor said he wants you to get more exercise.
The doctor said he wants you to quit drinking.
The doctor said he wants you to quit smoking.
The doctor said he wants you to rest.
The doctor said he was more concerned about Tom's ankle than his broken finger.
The doctor said he'd be doing better if he took his medicine.
The doctor said it'll be necessary to operate.
The doctor said so.
The doctor said that Anne's low in potassium.
The doctor said that I should be able to walk again by October.
The doctor said that I should stay in bed for a week.
The doctor said that I would have to quit smoking.
The doctor said that I'm unfit for duty.
The doctor said that Tom could die from the infection.
The doctor said that Tom didn't have to stay in the hospital.
The doctor said that Tom didn't need to stay in hospital.
The doctor said that Tom didn't need to stay in the hospital.
The doctor said that Tom has to stay in bed for the next few weeks.
The doctor said that Tom needn't stay in hospital.
The doctor said that Tom needs to be transferred to another hospital.
The doctor said that grandmother is still very sick, but she's out of the woods.
The doctor said that grandmother is still very sick, but she’s out of the woods.
The doctor said that he can't help Tom.
The doctor said that he could restore Boldi's vision.
The doctor said that he will be okay if he takes his medication.
The doctor said that he would be well if he took his medicine.
The doctor said that his back pain resulted from a herniated disk.
The doctor said that the underlying cause of my insomnia is anxiety, so she prescribed me an anti-anxiety medication to take every evening.
The doctor said that there is nothing wrong with me.
The doctor said that there's nothing wrong with you.
The doctor said that this ailment is incurable.
The doctor said that this blight is immedicable.
The doctor said that this disease is unhealable.
The doctor said that this illness is remediless.
The doctor said that this malady is untreatable.
The doctor said that this sickness is irremediable.
The doctor said that what Tom and Mary have isn't contagious.
The doctor said that what Tom has isn't contagious.
The doctor said that you should get more rest.
The doctor said that.
The doctor said there's nothing really wrong with me.
The doctor said to eat in moderation.
The doctor said to me, "Don't eat too much."
The doctor said to me, "Don’t eat too much."
The doctor said to take it easy for the next few days.
The doctor said you need to stay in bed.
The doctor said you shouldn't scratch your wounds.
The doctor said you’re to go to bed as soon as we get home.
The doctor said, "There's nothing worse for your health than tobacco."
The doctor said, "There’s nothing worse for your health than tobacco."
The doctor sat up all night with the sick old man.
The doctor saved me from certain death.
The doctor saved the four people injured in the accident.
The doctor saved the four people involved in the accident.
The doctor says I can go home the day after tomorrow.
The doctor says I need to quit worrying so much.
The doctor says I should eat a varied diet.
The doctor says I should eat in moderation.
The doctor says I should quit smoking.
The doctor says I'll probably never be able to walk again.
The doctor says Tom and Mary are out of danger now.
The doctor says Tom has food poisoning.
The doctor says Tom is better.
The doctor says Tom is out of danger now.
The doctor says Tom should recover completely.
The doctor says not to eat so much.
The doctor says she suffers from rheumatism.
The doctor says stimulus is needed for appetite.
The doctor says that I'll never be able to swim again.
The doctor says that Tom and Mary are going to be all right.
The doctor says that Tom is going to be all right.
The doctor says that Tom will be all right.
The doctor says that happens because I don't do more exercise.
The doctor says that happens because I'm always sitting.
The doctor says that she will see you now.
The doctor says to drink a lot.
The doctor says to eat a variety of foods.
The doctor says to eat more.
The doctor says to exercise more.
The doctor says to walk non-stop.
The doctor says you must be careful to avoid excitement.
The doctor says you're going to be fine.
The doctor says you're going to have to stay in bed for a few weeks.
The doctor says you're going to need a lot of rest.
The doctor sectioned Mennad.
The doctor seemed concerned.
The doctor sees all the weakness of mankind; the lawyer all the wickedness, the theologian all the stupidity.
The doctor seized the patient's hand and said: "So how do we feel today?"
The doctor seized the patient's hand and said: "So how do you feel today?"
The doctor sends his patient for an X-ray.
The doctor sent the live patient to the morgue.
The doctor set his broken leg.
The doctor shared an optimistic prediction regarding the patient's prognosis.
The doctor she visited is famous.
The doctor smiled, and qualified his advice.
The doctor spoke to the effect that my father would soon get better.
The doctor started to examine her.
The doctor started to get mad at the nurse.
The doctor started to get mad.
The doctor stuffed cotton in Mennad's nose.
The doctor suggested a Kitavan islander's diet of tubers, fresh fruit, coconut, and fish.
The doctor suggested that he give up smoking.
The doctor suggested that he should give up smoking.
The doctor suggested that she drink more water to keep from being dehydrated.
The doctor suggests the patient stop smoking.
The doctor tells me I'm going to have to remain in bed for a week.
The doctor tells me not to touch alcohol.
The doctor tells me to drink plenty of fluids.
The doctor tells me to move more.
The doctor tested Sami's reflexes.
The doctor thinks Tom's problem is psychological.
The doctor thinks carefully before deciding what medicine to give.
The doctor thinks he needs medicine.
The doctor thinks it's renal colic.
The doctor thought that the patient's pulse was a little fast.
The doctor thought the patient's pulse was rather rapid.
The doctor thought the patient’s pulse was rather rapid.
The doctor told Dan that Linda had passed away.
The doctor told Layla that she couldn't have children.
The doctor told Mary she couldn't have children.
The doctor told Mary that she couldn't have any more children.
The doctor told Mary that she couldn't have children.
The doctor told Mary that she needed to lose some weight.
The doctor told Mary that she should drink more water.
The doctor told Mary that she should eat a lot of vegetables.
The doctor told Mary that she should try to get more sleep.
The doctor told Mary that she wouldn't be able to have children.
The doctor told Mennad that his nose needed to be re-broken and fixed.
The doctor told Mr Smith to give up smoking if he wanted to live long.
The doctor told Mr Smith to give up smoking.
The doctor told Mr. Smith to give up smoking.
The doctor told Tom Mary would get well.
The doctor told Tom and Mary that they needed to lose some weight.
The doctor told Tom and Mary that they should drink more water.
The doctor told Tom and Mary that they should eat a lot of vegetables.
The doctor told Tom and Mary that they should try to get more sleep.
The doctor told Tom he needed to eat a more balanced diet.
The doctor told Tom he should rest.
The doctor told Tom he'd just have to learn to live with the pain.
The doctor told Tom he’d just have to learn to live with the pain.
The doctor told Tom not to eat or drink anything for three hours.
The doctor told Tom not to eat solids for a few days.
The doctor told Tom not to take a bath for a week.
The doctor told Tom that Mary would get well.
The doctor told Tom that he had to wear a cast for three weeks.
The doctor told Tom that he needed to lose some weight.
The doctor told Tom that he only had six months to live.
The doctor told Tom that he should drink more water.
The doctor told Tom that he should eat a lot of vegetables.
The doctor told Tom that he should rest.
The doctor told Tom that he should try to get more sleep.
The doctor told Tom that he was entirely well.
The doctor told Tom that his hair will grow back.
The doctor told Tom that his hair would grow back.
The doctor told Tom to eat less red meat.
The doctor told Tom to give up smoking.
The doctor told Tom to lower the amount of red meat that he ate.
The doctor told Tom to reduce his red meat consumption.
The doctor told Tom to stay in bed and get as much rest as he can.
The doctor told Tom to stay in bed and get as much rest as he could.
The doctor told Tom to stay in bed for a few days.
The doctor told Tom to stay in bed.
The doctor told Tom to stop eating dog food.
The doctor told her that she should rest.
The doctor told her that she should take a rest.
The doctor told her to relax.
The doctor told him not to drink so much.
The doctor told him that if he did not lose weight, he was increasing the risk of another heart attack.
The doctor told him to cut down on smoking.
The doctor told him to give up smoking and drinking.
The doctor told him to rest at home, which he did.
The doctor told him to rest at home, which is advice he followed.
The doctor told me I had a concussion.
The doctor told me I had to stop smoking.
The doctor told me I just had to learn to live with the pain.
The doctor told me I should stop smoking.
The doctor told me Tom died in his sleep.
The doctor told me not to come out here tonight.
The doctor told me not to eat too much.
The doctor told me that I needed to eat more vegetables.
The doctor told me that I should change my eating habits.
The doctor told me that I should eat breakfast every day.
The doctor told me that I should eat less.
The doctor told me that I should lose a few pounds.
The doctor told me that I was infertile.
The doctor told me that I would recover soon.
The doctor told me that it was good.
The doctor told me the illness was incurable.
The doctor told me to avoid certain foods.
The doctor told me to breathe out.
The doctor told me to drink more water to prevent dehydration.
The doctor told me to drink plenty of fluids.
The doctor told me to eat fewer high-calorie snacks.
The doctor told me to eat more fiber.
The doctor told me to eat more fibre.
The doctor told me to eat only steamed food.
The doctor told me to give up smoking.
The doctor told me to go to bed.
The doctor told me to inhale and exhale slowly and deeply.
The doctor told me to lose weight.
The doctor told me to quite smoking.
The doctor told me to rest for a few days.
The doctor told me to stay away from Tom.
The doctor told me to stay in bed.
The doctor told my father to cut down on smoking.
The doctor told the police an autopsy would be necessary to determine the woman's cause of death.
The doctor told us that what Tom and Mary have isn't contagious.
The doctor told us that what Tom has isn't contagious.
The doctor told you to lose weight, didn't he?
The doctor told you to stay in bed until your fever goes down, didn't he?
The doctor told you to stay in bed until your fever goes down, didn’t he?
The doctor took Mennad's vitals.
The doctor took Yanni off life support.
The doctor took a swab of the mucous membrane.
The doctor took his pulse.
The doctor took my pulse.
The doctor touched my stomach.
The doctor treated her injury.
The doctor treated my shoulder.
The doctor treated the patient with antibiotics.
The doctor tried every possible means to save his patient.
The doctor tried hard to save the wounded boy.
The doctor urged the patient to stop smoking.
The doctor used X-rays to examine my stomach.
The doctor used a tongue depressor to examine the patient's throat.
The doctor used an etic understanding to explain symptoms to his patients.
The doctor used different instruments to examine Boldi.
The doctor used forceps to lift the flap of skin.
The doctor visited her every day.
The doctor visits her every other day.
The doctor wants Tom to lose a little weight.
The doctor wants Tom to slim down a little.
The doctor wants you to stay one week more in bed.
The doctor warned Tom about the risks of such an operation.
The doctor warned him against smoking.
The doctor warned him of the dangers of smoking.
The doctor warned me to stay away from booze.
The doctor was Lawrence Craven. He observed unusual bleeding among children who chewed an aspirin gum to ease pain after a throat operation. Doctor Craven believed they were bleeding because aspirin prevented the blood from thickening or clotting. He decided that aspirin might help prevent heart attacks caused by blood clots in blood vessels.
The doctor was a charlatan.
The doctor was a fraud.
The doctor was angry.
The doctor was arguing with his nurse.
The doctor was arguing with his nurses.
The doctor was arguing with the nurse.
The doctor was arrested.
The doctor was called at once.
The doctor was experienced, that is why he could retain your disease.
The doctor was finally able to stanch the flow of blood.
The doctor was giving a patient a checkup.
The doctor was going to lose his job.
The doctor was in a white gown over a blue suit.
The doctor was mad with the nurse.
The doctor was not sure what the trouble was.
The doctor was on the phone.
The doctor was operating.
The doctor was optimistic.
The doctor was pissed.
The doctor was pleased with the baby's good health.
The doctor was pleased with the baby’s good health.
The doctor was sent for.
The doctor was sent for—came immediately—took Walter from the bed, laid him on the floor, and began pouring cold water upon him by the bucketful.
The doctor was slapping Boldi on the cheeks.
The doctor was soon discovered to be an impostor.
The doctor was talking to the nurse.
The doctor was typing so slowly that I wanted to grab the keyboard from her and type out the paragraph myself.
The doctor was wearing a white coat over a blue suit.
The doctor wasn't in there.
The doctor wasn't listening to me.
The doctor went to the sick person's house and prescribed a few medications.
The doctor who did the surgery is now talking with Tom's family.
The doctor who treated Tom should be sued for malpractice.
The doctor will be back before long.
The doctor will be here as soon as he can.
The doctor will be here in a minute.
The doctor will be in to see you shortly.
The doctor will be with you in a minute.
The doctor will examine the pelvis and rectum to feel for any blockages.
The doctor will give you an injection.
The doctor will have to check their dental records.
The doctor will patch you up.
The doctor will see you in a minute.
The doctor will see you now.
The doctor will stitch up you shortly.
The doctor will take care of you.
The doctor won't hurt you.
The doctor works from morning until night.
The doctor works in a hospital.
The doctor would not take any gifts from the poor.
The doctor wouldn't accept any gifts from the poor.
The doctor wouldn't allow me to take part in the marathon.
The doctor writes prescriptions for medicine.
The doctor's advice kept me from drinking too much.
The doctor's careful examination of the patient brought about his speedy recovery.
The doctor's careful treatment of the patient brought about her quick recovery.
The doctor's careful treatment of the patient brought about her recovery.
The doctor's children died of mumps.
The doctor's examining Tom right now.
The doctor's got to straighten the fracture.
The doctor's instructions are as follows: Take this medicine after meals.
The doctor's office is on the second floor.
The doctor's office was closed by the authorities.
The doctor's on his way.
The doctor's presence has been requested elsewhere.
The doctor's quick arrival brought about her very speedy recovery.
The doctor's remarks reassured the patient.
The doctor's slave liked gifts.
The doctor's treatment has only aggravated my husband's condition.
The doctor's warning stiffened my resolve to stop drinking.
The doctor, entering the treatment room, asked the patient, "Are you the appendix?" – in so doing, reducing the person to his ailment.
The doctor, who is prosperous, is not happy.
The doctor, who is wealthy, is not contented.
The doctor, who is well off, is not satisfied.
The doctor, who is well-to-do, is not content.
The doctors amputated Tom's left leg.
The doctors announced a diagnosis of advanced bilateral pneumonia.
The doctors are also on strike.
The doctors are engaged in cancer research.
The doctors are examining my stomach.
The doctors are examining the X-ray.
The doctors are looking at an X-ray.
The doctors are looking at an x-ray.
The doctors are on strike, too.
The doctors are still trying to save Tom.
The doctors aren't very optimistic.
The doctors assured Tom Mary would be fine.
The doctors assured Tom he'd be fine.
The doctors assured Tom that Mary would be fine.
The doctors assured Tom that Mary would recover.
The doctors assured Tom that he would be fine.
The doctors assured Tom that he'd be fine.
The doctors brought Boldi back to life.
The doctors can't even say what's wrong with Tom.
The doctors conduction additional examinations.
The doctors couldn't determine the cause of death.
The doctors couldn't find anything wrong with Tom.
The doctors couldn't remove the tumor.
The doctors couldn't save Yanni's life.
The doctors did all they could to control Tom's disease but, sadly, to no avail.
The doctors did all they could, but they weren't able to save him.
The doctors did everything they could to keep Tom alive.
The doctors did everything they could to save Tom.
The doctors did not believe he was in danger of dying.
The doctors did what they could.
The doctors didn't believe Tom was in danger of dying.
The doctors didn't expect my sister to recover as well as she did.
The doctors didn't know why.
The doctors didn’t expect my sister to recover as well as she did.
The doctors don't intend to perform a second operation.
The doctors don't know what's wrong with Tom.
The doctors don't know what's wrong with him.
The doctors don't think Tom will last the night.
The doctors examined the X-ray.
The doctors examined the baby.
The doctors fear that Tom may never walk again.
The doctors found nothing wrong with Tom.
The doctors heal many sick people.
The doctors inquired into the mystery of nature.
The doctors managed to bring Tom's blood pressure down.
The doctors managed to save Tom's life.
The doctors prohibited Tom from taking any further trips.
The doctors prohibited Tom from taking any lengthy trips.
The doctors prohibited Tom from taking any long trips.
The doctors put Ziri in a coma.
The doctors reviewed their containment procedures.
The doctors revived Tom with a defibrillator.
The doctors said Tom overdosed.
The doctors said he would never again be able to walk without some support.
The doctors say I have a good chance of recovery.
The doctors say I've got a good chance of recovery.
The doctors say Tom is very ill.
The doctors say Tom is very sick.
The doctors say Tom was very lucky.
The doctors say he won't make it through the night.
The doctors say it was a miracle that Tom made it through the night.
The doctors say that Tom is very ill.
The doctors say that Tom is very sick.
The doctors say that Tom was very lucky.
The doctors say that you were very lucky.
The doctors say the dying man should have kicked the bucket hours ago, were he an ordinary man, but he is still defying death.
The doctors say the dying man would have kicked the bucket hours ago if he were an ordinary man, but he is still defying death.
The doctors say you were very lucky.
The doctors seem concerned.
The doctors seemed concerned.
The doctors suspect that Mary has a vestibular disorder.
The doctors tell you that he is brain-dead.
The doctors tell you that your brother will never wake up again.
The doctors think that Tom might never walk again.
The doctors thought he was dead, but today he is still alive and healthy, and has a job and a family.
The doctors thought it was funny.
The doctors told Tom that Mary didn't have long to live.
The doctors told Tom that Mary didn’t have long to live.
The doctors told Tom that Mary was never going to recover.
The doctors told Tom that Mary would never recover.
The doctors told me there was no hope at all for you.
The doctors tried to resuscitate Martino.
The doctors want to intensify the treatments.
The doctors were desperately fighting for Vladimir's life.
The doctors were discussing Rodrigo’s case.
The doctors were fighting for Tom's life.
The doctors were having a meeting regarding the virus.
The doctors were leaning over Ziri.
The doctors were performing an operation on Antonio.
The doctors were surprised at Yanni's recovery.
The doctors were treating the wounded.
The doctors were trying to figure out Boldi's condition.
The doctors were up in arms about their proposed new contracts.
The doctors were wrong to condemn the couple.
The doctors won't operate a second time.
The doctors wore white masks over their mouths and noses.
The doctors worked to save Tom.
The doctor’s advice kept me from drinking too much.
The doctor’s careful examination of the patient brought about his speedy recovery.
The doctor’s careful treatment of the patient brought about her quick recovery.
The doctor’s careful treatment of the patient brought about her recovery.
The doctor’s instructions are as follows: Take this medicine after meals.
The doctor’s office is on the second floor.
The doctor’s quick arrival brought about her very speedy recovery.
The doctor’s remarks reassured the patient.
The doctor’s treatment has only aggravated my husband’s condition.
The doctor’s warning stiffened my resolve to stop drinking.
The doctrine is powerful.
The document bore his signature.
The document clearly spells out the correct procedure for dealing with complaints.
The document could destroy the authority of the modern church.
The document doesn't mention the buyer's name.
The document focuses a lot on Western Sahara.
The document grants full powers to Manuela.
The document has fallen into the wrong hands.
The document is in French.
The document is neither genuine nor forged.
The document is still not signed.
The document is under the cat.
The document makes no mention of the name of the buyer.
The document passed into the enemy's hands.
The document passed into the enemy’s hands.
The document passed into the hands of the enemy.
The document records that the war broke out in 1700.
The document was all in Arabic.
The document was copied exactly.
The document was distributed to all department heads.
The document was found under the rug.
The document was in French.
The document was nowhere to be found.
The document was written in French.
The document was, unfortunately, hagiographic propaganda.
The documentary examines the creative and commercial value of this practice, called musical sampling.
The documentary examines the reemergence of bhikkhunis – ordained female Buddhist monks – who are reclaiming their place within the Buddhist religious hierarchy some 1,000 years after nuns were last fully ordained.
The documentary is about wild animals.
The documentary is meant to raise consciousness about the plight of the poor.
The documentary is purely observational and critics say it avoids being didactic, helping to broaden its appeal.
The documentary pulled its punches, skirting round some crucial questions.
The documentary was narrated by Morgan Freeman.
The documentary was produced under the auspices of a prestigious film studio.
The documentation is fine.
The documentation is quite good.
The documentation isn't up to date.
The documents appear to have been changed.
The documents are in a blue envelope.
The documents are saved as read-only PDFs with a watermark including the dates and times of receipt (timestamping by the court).
The documents are under the table.
The documents have been sent to Tom.
The documents have been sent to our Boston office.
The documents have yellowed with age.
The documents should be sent to Paris well in advance.
The documents were heavily redacted by the FBI before being released.
The documents were submitted on time.
The documents were tampered with.
The documents will be on your desk in the morning.
The dodo is an already extinct species.
The dodo is the national bird of Mauritius.
The dog Tom trained was a really smart dog.
The dog already knows that it's going to the vet today.
The dog always barks at me.
The dog and cat are sleeping in the barn.
The dog and cat slept intertwined on a red pillow in front of the fire.
The dog and the cat are sleeping together in a basket.
The dog and the cat ran away.
The dog answers to the name John.
The dog answers to the name of Blackie.
The dog approached Ziri, wagging its tail.
The dog ate a watch and a Japanese fan.
The dog ate chocolate, which is poisonous to dogs.
The dog ate it.
The dog ate my homework.
The dog ate my shoe.
The dog ate some meat.
The dog ate the bone, which I gave him.
The dog ate the cake.
The dog ate the fish, bones, tail and all.
The dog ate the stale bread and didn't die.
The dog attacked Tom.
The dog attacked his owner.
The dog attacked me.
The dog attacked the little boy.
The dog attacked the three of us.
The dog awaited its master, alone in front of the door, in the icy cold of December.
The dog awoke to the danger.
The dog bared its fangs and growled as I approached the gate.
The dog bared its teeth.
The dog barked a lot.
The dog barked all day long, disturbing the neighbors.
The dog barked all night long, but nobody cared.
The dog barked as if it understood what I'd said.
The dog barked at Tom.
The dog barked at her.
The dog barked at him.
The dog barked at the mailman.
The dog barked at the neighbor.
The dog barked at the neighbour.
The dog barked at the squirrel.
The dog barked at the stranger.
The dog barked at the strangers.
The dog barked at them.
The dog barked furiously, which awakened my brother.
The dog barked loud.
The dog barked loudly at the mailman.
The dog barked softly.
The dog barked upon my arriving.
The dog barked.
The dog barks at a stranger.
The dog barks at all strangers.
The dog barks at strangers.
The dog barks incessantly.
The dog barks to the brave and bites the coward.
The dog barks when it is afraid.
The dog barks, the caravan moves.
The dog barks.
The dog barreled toward us.
The dog became a part of our family.
The dog began to bark at him.
The dog began to head in Ziri's direction.
The dog began to run.
The dog began to sense something in the air.
The dog bit Tom on the calf.
The dog bit her leg.
The dog bit its owner.
The dog bit me in the hand.
The dog bit me on the leg.
The dog bit me.
The dog bit meat off the bone.
The dog bit my hand.
The dog bit the cat on the tail.
The dog bit the man.
The dog bolted after a gazelle.
The dog bolted away like a bullet.
The dog breathed with difficulty.
The dog brings the man the newspaper.
The dog broke free of the leash and ran away.
The dog broke off the leash.
The dog brought Mark to the village.
The dog brought him his paper.
The dog buried a frozen burrito in the yard, but only halfway into the ground.
The dog burrowed underneath it.
The dog came running to her.
The dog came running to me.
The dog came running to us.
The dog came running up to me.
The dog can be called dog if male and also dog if either male or female.
The dog can be saved from its injuries.
The dog can bring back a stick.
The dog can shake hands.
The dog cannot distinguish between colors.
The dog caught the meat.
The dog cautiously explored a small cave.
The dog changed his mind about me.
The dog chased Tom.
The dog chased him.
The dog chased me.
The dog chased the ball.
The dog chased the cat away from the food bowl, then the cat disappeared under the couch.
The dog chased the cat up a tree.
The dog chased the rabbit.
The dog chased the squirrel.
The dog chases the cat, and the cat chases the squirrel.
The dog chewed off my boot.
The dog chewed on one of Tom's tennis shoes.
The dog chewed on the ball.
The dog chewed on the bone.
The dog chewed up my boot.
The dog continued to bark.
The dog continued to follow me.
The dog couldn't bark.
The dog crawled onto my bed.
The dog crawled out from under the table.
The dog crawled through an opening in the fence.
The dog crawled under the table.
The dog crossed the street.
The dog crossing the road was run over by a bus.
The dog crushed the captain's cigar as he walked by; the captain took no notice of it.
The dog dashed and disappeared into the woods.
The dog days of summer have arrived.
The dog days of summer have finally arrived.
The dog defended his master from harm.
The dog destroyed the sofa.
The dog did not follow Ziri.
The dog didn't eat the meat.
The dog didn’t eat the meat.
The dog died.
The dog disliked anybody from a household that used a particular cooking oil.
The dog doesn't see the cat.
The dog doesn’t play soccer every day, but he’s playing soccer with his owner now.
The dog drank a little water and then left.
The dog drank some water and went away.
The dog drank water and went away.
The dog drank water from Benedito's bowl.
The dog drinks the water quickly.
The dog eagerly wagged its tail at the sight of its owner.
The dog easily killed the cat.
The dog eats a lot of meat every day.
The dog eats cheese.
The dog eats the fish, the bone, the tail, and all.
The dog emitted grunts.
The dog entered the cupboard.
The dog escaped by pulling its head out of the collar.
The dog escaped from the elevator.
The dog extended its body.
The dog farted.
The dog feed started running out too quickly.
The dog feed was seasoned with a special sauce.
The dog feels feverish.
The dog fell asleep on the blanket.
The dog fell asleep on top of the blanket.
The dog felt guilty about eating the homework.
The dog fetched the ball.
The dog fetched the bird.
The dog fetched the stick.
The dog flew past Ziri like a bullet.
The dog followed along with me.
The dog followed him wherever he went.
The dog followed its master, wagging its tail.
The dog followed its new owner wherever she went.
The dog followed me to my home.
The dog followed me.
The dog follows me everywhere I go.
The dog follows me everywhere.
The dog follows me wherever I go.
The dog food has run out.
The dog food is all gone.
The dog food was over.
The dog found a new ball, having fun with it like a fool.
The dog found the treat Ziri had left him behind the couch.
The dog found the treat.
The dog frightened the children away.
The dog froze halfway up the stairs.
The dog gave a yelp when I trod on its paw.
The dog gave his leg a mean bite.
The dog gnawed the mutton bone his owner had thrown him.
The dog gnaws the bone because he cannot swallow it.
The dog goes "woof-woof".
The dog goes across the road.
The dog goes wherever his owner goes.
The dog got a treat.
The dog greeted me by running up at full speed and ramming her two front paws into my lower abdomen.
The dog growled at a little boy.
The dog growled at me.
The dog growled at the crow.
The dog growled at the drug dealer.
The dog growled at the strange man.
The dog growled loudly.
The dog growled when we approached.
The dog growled.
The dog growls 'grr'.
The dog guarded the house against strangers.
The dog had a piece of meat in its mouth.
The dog had almost caught up to Ziri when its owner appeared and ordered it to stop chasing him.
The dog had an accident.
The dog had done its business on the carpet. Tom was furious.
The dog had his noise on the ground.
The dog had some life left.
The dog had the liberty of the entire house.
The dog had the run of the entire house.
The dog has a keen scent.
The dog has a very keen sense of smell.
The dog has already called it a night.
The dog has been barking.
The dog has bitten a hole in my sleeve.
The dog has destroyed my shoes.
The dog has destroyed thousands of dollars of furniture.
The dog has escaped.
The dog has lapped up the milk.
The dog has rabies.
The dog has three legs.
The dog has various facial expressions.
The dog has worms.
The dog hasn't eaten for a long time. He looks very thin.
The dog hid under the bed whenever lightning flashed.
The dog house is in the backyard.
The dog house is outside.
The dog howled althroughout the night.
The dog howled when Anna started singing.
The dog howls.
The dog immediately recognized Tom and started wagging his tail.
The dog interests us: it only sits and observes.
The dog is Tom's.
The dog is a charm.
The dog is a faithful animal.
The dog is a loud snorer.
The dog is a sweetheart.
The dog is a sweetie.
The dog is absorbed in his exercise.
The dog is afraid of the horse.
The dog is after the fox.
The dog is as good as dead.
The dog is asleep.
The dog is at the door.
The dog is barking at Tom.
The dog is barking at her.
The dog is barking at him.
The dog is barking at them.
The dog is barking at you.
The dog is barking furiously.
The dog is barking in his sleep.
The dog is barking.
The dog is beautiful.
The dog is behind the couch.
The dog is behind the house.
The dog is behind the sofa.
The dog is better than some people.
The dog is big, shaggy and very kind.
The dog is big.
The dog is biting Tom.
The dog is biting the cat.
The dog is black.
The dog is bleeding.
The dog is blind in one eye.
The dog is brown, small and thin.
The dog is brown, small, and skinny.
The dog is brown, small, and thin.
The dog is called "Spot" by the family.
The dog is called Ken.
The dog is called Spot by the family.
The dog is chasing a squirrel.
The dog is chewing a bone.
The dog is chewing on something.
The dog is choking on something.
The dog is close to death.
The dog is comfortable having the collar.
The dog is comfortable with her.
The dog is covered in fleabites.
The dog is covered in mud.
The dog is crawling out from under the table.
The dog is crawling under the desk.
The dog is crossing the road.
The dog is crossing the street.
The dog is crunching a bone.
The dog is cute.
The dog is dead.
The dog is deaf.
The dog is destroying the furniture in our house.
The dog is drooling.
The dog is dying.
The dog is eating an apple.
The dog is eating cheese.
The dog is eating his food.
The dog is eating its food.
The dog is eating.
The dog is faithful to its master.
The dog is free from the leash.
The dog is getting old.
The dog is green and beautiful.
The dog is growling.
The dog is happy that they made him a collar.
The dog is happy.
The dog is here.
The dog is hers.
The dog is his.
The dog is hungry.
The dog is ill.
The dog is in its kennel.
The dog is in the attic.
The dog is in the backyard.
The dog is in the house.
The dog is in the yard.
The dog is infested with ticks.
The dog is injured.
The dog is jumping.
The dog is large.
The dog is lethargic and feverish.
The dog is licking the cat's ears.
The dog is looking at the cat.
The dog is lying in the shade of the Dodge.
The dog is lying on the sofa and I'm lying in bed.
The dog is mad.
The dog is man's best friend.
The dog is marking its territory.
The dog is mine.
The dog is next to the table looking at the food.
The dog is not in the garden.
The dog is often called 'man's best friend.'
The dog is often called ’man’s best friend.’
The dog is on the chair.
The dog is ours.
The dog is panting.
The dog is peeing on the sofa.
The dog is playing in the park.
The dog is playing with the cat.
The dog is pooping blood.
The dog is red.
The dog is rolling over on the ground.
The dog is running across the street.
The dog is running after the squirrel.
The dog is running thinking it saw a cat.
The dog is sitting by the bowl.
The dog is sitting on the carpet.
The dog is sleeping at the foot of the bed.
The dog is sleeping behind the door.
The dog is sleeping in the car.
The dog is sleeping on the porch.
The dog is sleeping on the sofa.
The dog is sleeping under the table.
The dog is sleeping.
The dog is smart.
The dog is snarling.
The dog is so ugly!
The dog is standing directly on my bladder.
The dog is staring at us and I know that any intentions it has are malicious.
The dog is starving.
The dog is still alive.
The dog is suffering from ear infections.
The dog is the human's best friend.
The dog is the most faithful animal.
The dog is theirs.
The dog is thinking about sleeping with the cat.
The dog is thirsty.
The dog is trained to watch for thieves.
The dog is trying to escape.
The dog is ugly!
The dog is under the bed.
The dog is under the table.
The dog is very big.
The dog is very important.
The dog is very large.
The dog is wagging its tail.
The dog is walking around the table.
The dog is watching his kennel.
The dog is wearing my socks.
The dog is well mannered.
The dog is whimpering.
The dog is white.
The dog is with his puppies.
The dog is yapping.
The dog is your guys'.
The dog is yours.
The dog isn't allowed in the dining room.
The dog isn't allowed on the couch.
The dog isn't interested in the leftovers.
The dog isn't sleeping.
The dog isn't used to the leash pressure.
The dog joyfully twirled in circles.
The dog jumped at the girl on her way to school.
The dog jumped into the snowdrift.
The dog jumped into the van.
The dog jumped on Boldi.
The dog jumped on me and licked my whole face.
The dog jumped on me.
The dog jumped onto Yanni's hood.
The dog jumped over a chair.
The dog jumped over the fence into the garden.
The dog jumped over the fence.
The dog jumped up and caught the ball.
The dog jumped up and started investigating down the hall.
The dog keeps barking.
The dog kept barking all night.
The dog kept barking all through the night.
The dog kept barking at his reflection in the mirror.
The dog kept barking at me at the gate and kept me from coming in.
The dog kept barking.
The dog kept licking Vladimir.
The dog kept me from approaching his house.
The dog kept on barking.
The dog knew its master.
The dog knew on the fly that I was sick and needed him to go and warn my wife.
The dog knew that today was going to be different.
The dog knows black from white.
The dog lay panting after his long chase.
The dog leaped at a stranger.
The dog leapt and caught the disk in midair.
The dog licked Tom's face.
The dog licked its lips after enjoying a tasty treat.
The dog licked the plate with its tongue.
The dog licked the plates clean.
The dog likes meat.
The dog likes that kind of food.
The dog likes the smell of Tom's feet.
The dog likes to hide stale bread.
The dog likes to nap in the sun.
The dog likes you.
The dog lingered a bit on the porch.
The dog listens as they argue.
The dog looked at his master with anxiety.
The dog looked into the water.
The dog looked scabby and in poor state.
The dog looks at the cat.
The dog looks hungry.
The dog looks ill.
The dog looks sick.
The dog looks unwell.
The dog loved everyone.
The dog loves car rides.
The dog loves everyone.
The dog loves going for a ride in the car.
The dog loves rolling around on the floor.
The dog lunged at me.
The dog lying on the grass is mine.
The dog made a snarling motion.
The dog marked its territory.
The dog must be hungry.
The dog must be shot.
The dog must be taken for a walk.
The dog must look up to its owner for guidance and direction.
The dog must stay outside!
The dog needs a bath.
The dog needs to be fed.
The dog needs to be walked.
The dog needs to be washed.
The dog needs to go outside.
The dog needs water.
The dog nervously looks at the master.
The dog never stops barking.
The dog next door is always barking.
The dog next door is dangerous.
The dog next door kept barking all night.
The dog next door often comes into our yard.
The dog nipped at me.
The dog on the side of the road was as dead as a doornail.
The dog only bit him.
The dog padded along the street.
The dog padded silently through tall, wild grass growing beside the creek. He drooled at the odor of food, but because painful experience had taught him to be very careful in all dealings with men, he did not go any nearer. He licked his chops with a moist tongue and excitement danced in his eyes. How he would love to be near that fire, partaking of the food and the caresses of the young man!
The dog peed on the carpet again.
The dog pees and poops on pads if his owners can't walk him.
The dog picked up Tom's scent and we followed the dog.
The dog picked up Ziri's scent.
The dog picked up the scent.
The dog pisses against a tree.
The dog playfully chased and batted a small ball.
The dog playfully ran through the dense forest.
The dog plays in the park.
The dog plays with the cat.
The dog pricked up his ears at the sound.
The dog protected the kids.
The dog protects the house.
The dog pulled on the leash.
The dog pursued a rabbit into the forest.
The dog put his paws on the door handle and it opened.
The dog quickly ate everything in its dish.
The dog ran after a fox.
The dog ran after the ball.
The dog ran after the cat.
The dog ran after the rabbit.
The dog ran around a tree.
The dog ran around and around the tree.
The dog ran around and around.
The dog ran around the tree many times.
The dog ran around the tree.
The dog ran away at the sight of me.
The dog ran away from us.
The dog ran away.
The dog ran here and there.
The dog ran off as fast as it could.
The dog ran off into the woods.
The dog ran out of the garage.
The dog ran round the tree.
The dog ran through the house looking for Mary.
The dog ran towards him.
The dog ran towards me.
The dog ran.
The dog reacted aggressively.
The dog reacted to Damiano’s voice.
The dog really couldn't talk.
The dog really stinks.
The dog rebelled against his master.
The dog regarded his master anxiously.
The dog remembers me.
The dog retrieved the ball.
The dog rolled on his back.
The dog rolled over.
The dog runs fast.
The dog runs in our house.
The dog runs out of the house.
The dog sat down by the man.
The dog saved Ziri's life.
The dog saved the girl's life.
The dog saved the girl’s life.
The dog scared the cat.
The dog scares him.
The dog scratched at the back door and whined plaintively, hoping someone would let him in the house.
The dog seems happy.
The dog seems ill.
The dog seems sick.
The dog seems to be getting better.
The dog seems to be sick.
The dog seems to have been sick.
The dog sensed its owner's displeasure with the chewed-up pillow.
The dog shares my loneliness.
The dog shit on my bed.
The dog should be on a chain.
The dog showed no affection for his owner.
The dog sighed.
The dog simply stood there, wagging its tail and looking at us.
The dog sitter, Tom, will be here at 2:30.
The dog sleeps at Tom's feet.
The dog sleeps less than the cat.
The dog sleeps near my head.
The dog sleeps on the back of the sofa.
The dog sleeps on the couch.
The dog sleeps.
The dog slept on the rug.
The dog slept with its tail under its belly.
The dog slipped his collar.
The dog slipped its collar without any difficulty.
The dog slobbered on Tom.
The dog smelled something and took off running.
The dog snapped up the meat.
The dog snarled at me.
The dog snarled at the salesman.
The dog sniffed at a fish lying on the landing stage and, taking fright when it suddenly began to thrash about, fell into the water.
The dog sniffed at the stranger.
The dog sniffed her luggage.
The dog sniffed the ground.
The dog sniffed the sick man.
The dog sniffed the sick.
The dog sniffed the stick.
The dog snores loudly.
The dog sought its owner's attention by barking.
The dog stared, transfixed, while its owner wound up to throw the ball.
The dog started barking.
The dog started digging in the park.
The dog started growling, eventually howling.
The dog started running after the motorbike.
The dog started running in circles.
The dog started to pair the ringing of the bell to the food.
The dog started wagging its tail as soon as Tom entered the room.
The dog stood still.
The dog stood up on its hind legs and put its front legs on my shoulders.
The dog stopped and growled.
The dog stopped barking.
The dog stopped begging and went back on all fours.
The dog stopped growling, wagged its tale and walked away.
The dog stopped walking, apparently in protest.
The dog stopped walking, as if to complain.
The dog stretched.
The dog suddenly attacked me.
The dog suddenly attacked the child.
The dog suddenly became friendly.
The dog suddenly charged at the child.
The dog suddenly took off after a squirrel.
The dog suddenly took off running after a squirrel.
The dog surpasses some humans.
The dog tagged along after his master.
The dog talks.
The dog terrifies them.
The dog that Tom trained was a really smart dog.
The dog that bit the child was caught soon after.
The dog that trots about finds a bone.
The dog that was crossing the road was run over by a bus.
The dog that we found didn't have a tag.
The dog that's staring at me is so cute.
The dog threw up on the rug.
The dog took off after a squirrel and yanked hard on the leash.
The dog tore the notebook apart in their absence.
The dog traced the rabbit into the forest.
The dog tracked Sami through 20 miles of rainforest.
The dog tried to bite his owner.
The dog tried to bite its owner.
The dog trusts his owner.
The dog tucked its tail.
The dog turned its head this way and that.
The dog twisted out my grip.
The dog ultimately killed his master.
The dog wagged its tail eagerly.
The dog wagged its tail happily.
The dog wagged its tail.
The dog waited day after day for its master's return.
The dog waited day after day for its master’s return.
The dog walked across the street.
The dog walked away from the place.
The dog walked backward.
The dog walked backwards.
The dog walked on its own.
The dog walked up to Tom and sniffed him.
The dog walks around the table.
The dog wants in.
The dog wants meat.
The dog wants out.
The dog wants to come in.
The dog wants to go out again.
The dog wants to go out.
The dog wants to go outside again.
The dog wants to go outside.
The dog wants to leave.
The dog wants to play.
The dog wants to sit in the sun.
The dog wants to sleep.
The dog wants us to play with it.
The dog was alone and afraid.
The dog was asleep on the mat.
The dog was asleep with its tail tucked under its belly.
The dog was at the base of the tree, barking.
The dog was baring its teeth.
The dog was barking and growling.
The dog was barking and howling.
The dog was barking at a stranger.
The dog was barking because it felt threatened.
The dog was barking inside the car.
The dog was barking inside.
The dog was barking.
The dog was born two months ago.
The dog was burnt to death.
The dog was busy burying his bone in the garden.
The dog was chained in the backyard.
The dog was chained to the post.
The dog was chasing chickens around the yard.
The dog was covered in mud from head to foot.
The dog was crying out of pain.
The dog was dead.
The dog was defensive.
The dog was devoured by the snake.
The dog was digging a hole.
The dog was dying.
The dog was enraged.
The dog was everything to Sami.
The dog was following Sami.
The dog was frightened by the sparks.
The dog was frozen to death.
The dog was grateful to them for their kindness, and never left their side, whether they were in the house or out of it.
The dog was growling.
The dog was guarding that area.
The dog was hit by a car.
The dog was hit by a truck.
The dog was in a box under the table.
The dog was in the box under the table.
The dog was injured by the bear.
The dog was inside the trunk.
The dog was kicked by me.
The dog was killed on the spot.
The dog was lapping water.
The dog was licking Mark's face.
The dog was looked for by the boy.
The dog was lounging at Ziri.
The dog was never aggressive.
The dog was out of breath.
The dog was pacing on the balcony back and forth.
The dog was run over by a car.
The dog was running round the tree.
The dog was running toward him.
The dog was running towards him.
The dog was running.
The dog was sleeping on the mat.
The dog was smelling Tom's body.
The dog was smelling Ziri's hand.
The dog was sniffing a stick.
The dog was snuggling with the cat.
The dog was so clever that he seemed almost human.
The dog was standing on its hind legs.
The dog was trying to get the collar off.
The dog was very obviously dead.
The dog was vigilant.
The dog was wagging his tail.
The dog was wagging its tail.
The dog was waiting at the door to be let in.
The dog was waiting at the door to be let out.
The dog was walking at his heels.
The dog was walking down the street.
The dog went away like a shot.
The dog went away.
The dog went blind in one eye.
The dog went bounding across the field.
The dog went for the postman.
The dog went straight for the postman.
The dog went under the table.
The dog whimpered and backed away.
The dog who he kept sometimes barked at strangers.
The dog will bark.
The dog will be back in the kennel.
The dog will bite whoever's last.
The dog will go to a shelter.
The dog will need to be fed once a day.
The dog will not drink the water quickly.
The dog will not harm you.
The dog with the puppy is the master of the house. The cat rids the house of mice, which a mousetrap also does.
The dog won't eat.
The dog wouldn't let go of the ball.
The dog wouldn't smell anything.
The dog wouldn’t let go of the ball.
The dog yanked on the leash.
The dog yelped in pain.
The dog's at home.
The dog's attempts to climb the tree after the cat came to nothing.
The dog's bark pierced the silence of the afternoon.
The dog's barking annoyed the neighbours.
The dog's barking disturbed the neighbours.
The dog's barking was annoying the neighbours.
The dog's barking was disturbing the neighbours.
The dog's barking woke me up.
The dog's collar is red.
The dog's dead.
The dog's death grieved the whole family.
The dog's death upset the whole family.
The dog's ears feel hot.
The dog's ears were perked up on high alert.
The dog's eye can only see shit.
The dog's eyes were reflecting light from the living room.
The dog's food is expensive.
The dog's getting old.
The dog's growling made Ziri feel quite on edge.
The dog's hair bristled up with anger.
The dog's hair bristled when it saw the lion.
The dog's hair has gotten everywhere.
The dog's hair is, as it were, a sweater.
The dog's house is outside.
The dog's house was on fire.
The dog's in its kennel.
The dog's laboured breathing and glazing eye showed that it was not far from its end. Indeed, its snow-white muzzle proclaimed that it had already exceeded the usual term of canine existence.
The dog's leg was put into a cast.
The dog's name is Cookie.
The dog's name is John.
The dog's name is Ken.
The dog's owner is to blame for not controlling his dog.
The dog's playing with the ball.
The dog's sleeping in the car.
The dog, seeing me beyond his reach, began barking.
The dog, wagging its tail, followed its master.
The dog-eared pages made the book less valuable.
The dog-fox carefully marks his territory.
The doggy peed on my shoes.
The doghouse is new.
The dogmas of the quiet past, are inadequate to the stormy present.
The dogmas of the quiet past, are inadequate to the stormy present. The occasion is piled high with difficulty, and we must rise with the occasion. As our case is new, so we must think anew and act anew. We must disenthrall ourselves, and then we shall save our country.
The dogs (the guardians of the sheep and goats) accompanied Chloe, and scenting about in their usual manner they discovered Dorcon who was in the act of rising up to seize their mistress. Taking him for a wolf they set up a full cry, rushed upon him and began to bite before he could recover from his astonishment.
The dogs almost caught up to Ziri.
The dogs also have great stamina — the mental and physical strength to work long hours.
The dogs and the horses were treated better than Yuri.
The dogs are barking.
The dogs are going in the same direction.
The dogs are happy with their new beds.
The dogs are having fun.
The dogs are in the garden.
The dogs are not supposed to sleep in the house.
The dogs are wet.
The dogs are white.
The dogs aren't supposed to sleep in the house.
The dogs as well as their owners seemed to be having fun.
The dogs bark, but the caravan goes on.
The dogs bark, but the caravan moves on.
The dogs bark, but the caravan of the Berber language goes on.
The dogs barked all night.
The dogs barked at Tom.
The dogs barked furiously at the intruder.
The dogs barked.
The dogs bayed at the full moon.
The dogs began to howl when Tom started to sing.
The dogs belong to her.
The dogs chased Tom through the woods.
The dogs chased Ziri down the dirty road.
The dogs died inside the hot vehicle.
The dogs don't naturally gravitate toward tall people.
The dogs don't want to fight.
The dogs drew blood from several protesters, including children, who were then pepper-sprayed in an unsuccessful attempt to drive them away from the construction site. Instead of arresting the security guards, the local police arrested 30 peaceful protesters, some of whom had been bitten by the fierce dogs.
The dogs eventually lost the scent and we had to give up the chase.
The dogs finally gave up and wandered away from the raccoon.
The dogs followed Tom.
The dogs get wet.
The dogs have fleas.
The dogs have found several bodies.
The dogs have proved so popular that some passengers have lined up voluntarily to be sniffed by the canine threesome.
The dogs have sharp teeth.
The dogs help herd the cattle.
The dogs howled at the full moon.
The dogs jumped and growled about his heels.
The dogs kept barking.
The dogs must have led the search party here by mistake.
The dogs on the housing estate all give Mary's cat a wide berth.
The dogs on this island belong to everyone.
The dogs remembered him and were happy to see him.
The dogs scare me.
The dogs scared us.
The dogs seem happy.
The dogs seemed to be barking at nothing.
The dogs sniffed at each other, their tails wagging.
The dogs sniffed each other.
The dogs started barking at Tom.
The dogs started barking.
The dogs started chasing Matthew.
The dogs started growling at Tom.
The dogs started howling when Tom started singing.
The dogs took little time tracking down the wounded deer.
The dogs tore Ziri to shreds.
The dogs want to come in.
The dogs went absolutely bonkers.
The dogs were closing in on the deer.
The dogs were easily appeased by the well-known voices of their master and mistress, who conveyed the lacerated Dorcon to the spring, where they washed the bites which they discovered on his legs and shoulders. Then chewing some elm-leaves they spread them as a salve on the wounds.
The dogs were gathered around the corpse of a dead pig.
The dogs were given up on.
The dogs were happy.
The dogs were howling at the moon.
The dogs were howling.
The dogs were poisoned.
The dogs were starving.
The dogs were unharmed.
The dogs won't get to you.
The dogs, the cats, and the horses are animals.
The dog’s attempts to climb the tree after the cat came to nothing.
The dog’s hair bristled up with anger.
The dog’s hair bristled when it saw the lion.
The dog’s hair is, as it were, a sweater.
The dog’s house is outside.
The dog’s name is Ken.
The doll can't walk.
The doll didn't speak.
The doll didn’t budge.
The doll is at home.
The doll is under the ground.
The doll lay on the floor.
The doll lived for a very long time, being well cared for and loved, but bit by bit, it lost its charm.
The doll looked at Luis and smiled.
The doll sat on the table and looked at Luis.
The doll smiled again.
The doll started smiling.
The doll was a gift from Rima’s father.
The doll was lying on the ground.
The doll was surprisingly lifelike.
The doll was there again.
The doll was ugly.
The doll's eyes fell out.
The dollar dropped to 125 today from 126 yen yesterday.
The dollar exchange rate has increased dramatically.
The dollar is collapsing.
The dollar stabilised after falling.
The dollar store earbuds worked better than I expected.
The dollar was devalued against the Japanese currency from 360 yen to 308 yen.
The dollar's exchange rate has dropped dramatically.
The dolls are packed in this room.
The dolls are ready for delivery.
The dolls will be ready today.
The dolphin and trainer communicated much better than we expected.
The dolphin clicks when it's happy.
The dolphin is a beautiful animal.
The dolphin is a mammal.
The dolphin is a very intelligent animal.
The dolphin is an intelligent and playful creature.
The dolphin is not a fish.
The dolphin jumped out of the water.
The dolphin wants to eat.
The dolphin was sweeping its head from side to side.
The dolphins are in the sea.
The dolphins are very intelligent.
The dolphins jumped out of the water.
The dolphins leapt out of the water.
The dolphins swim with us.
The dolphins watched the squirrels.
The dome of Florence's cathedral was designed by Filippo Brunelleschi.
The domed roof you see over there belongs to the cathedral.
The domestic dragon is all that remains of the wild wyrm.
The domestic violence victims heal when they face their fear of the tyrant, which is often the fear of death in disguise.
The dominance of English in many countries made people speak their native languages less.
The dominance of English is killing European dialogue.
The dominance of English is killing the European dialogue.
The dominance of English kills the European debate.
The dominance of Western multinational corporations in global markets can lead to the assumption that Western business models and consumer preferences are universally applicable and desirable.
The dominance of state enterprises is an issue in Algeria.
The domineering man pulls everyone into his vortex.
The donation page doesn't allow you to say what it's for.
The donation would go straight to the dog rescue fund.
The donations were stolen from the box.
The donkey at the lake drank the water.
The donkey brayed.
The donkey brays all the time.
The donkey galloped.
The donkey is back in the stable.
The donkey is braying.
The donkey is carried away by the waves and you would like to pack-saddle him again.
The donkey is my father's and my grandfather's but they put me behind!
The donkey is swept away by the river and you still want to add his pack-saddle.
The donkey is swept away by the river and you still want to put the saddle back on.
The donkey jumped around.
The donkey kicked the dog that had bitten it.
The donkey loved the lettuces you gave him.
The donkey was being an ass.
The donkey was browsing quietly.
The donkey was galloping.
The donkey, when struck, was questioned: "What is happening to you?" The unfortunate replied: "There is a party time at my uncles' home!"
The donkeys are gray.
The donkeys were carrying heavy packs.
The donkeys will clash if the fodder runs short in the barn.
The donkeys will fight among themselves if the hay runs out in the stable.
The donkeys will quarrel if the straw is depleted in the stable.
The donor requested anonymity.
The door banged close.
The door banged shut.
The door began to jiggle.
The door bell has rung.
The door blew open.
The door blew shut.
The door bolts on the inside.
The door burst open and Ziri came out running.
The door burst open.
The door came off its hinges and hung askew.
The door clanged heavily behind us.
The door clicked shut.
The door closed behind Rodrigo.
The door closed behind me.
The door closed by itself.
The door closed on its own.
The door closed slowly.
The door closed spontaneously.
The door closed with a bang.
The door closed with a clank.
The door closed with a clunk.
The door closed with a thud.
The door closed.
The door closes automatically.
The door could not be opened.
The door cracked open.
The door creaked loudly as it opened.
The door creaked loudly.
The door creaked open a little more.
The door creaked open and Boldi heard the sound of footsteps.
The door creaked open slowly.
The door creaked open.
The door creaked treacherously.
The door creaked.
The door did not open, for some reason.
The door didn't budge.
The door didn't even have a handle.
The door didn't have any sort of lock on it.
The door didn't shut. Just open it and slam it shut real hard. These doors are hard to close.
The door didn't want to close.
The door doesn't lock.
The door doesn't open.
The door downstairs slammed shut.
The door fell back to its original position.
The door fell into the lock the exact second Elias reached the doorstep.
The door finally cracked open.
The door finally opened.
The door flew open and Ziri appeared.
The door flew open.
The door frame is warped and the door won't close properly.
The door gave to my pressure.
The door gives access to the kitchen.
The door had a big gold star on it.
The door had a tight lock on it.
The door had an exit sign on top of it.
The door had been axed by the firefighters.
The door had been jimmied open.
The door had been left open.
The door had been opened by a tall man.
The door had come off its hinges and was hanging askew.
The door had five different locks.
The door had to be opened by a locksmith.
The door handle broke.
The door handle is broken.
The door handle started to shake.
The door handle's broken.
The door has a bunch of rust here.
The door has a cross on it.
The door has been barricaded.
The door has been closed.
The door has been forced open.
The door has been forced.
The door has been unlocked again.
The door has opened by itself.
The door has to be oiled from time to time to stop it squeaking.
The door hinge's creaking is annoying!
The door is ajar.
The door is already open.
The door is already unlocked.
The door is always open.
The door is at the end of the corridor.
The door is automatic.
The door is barricaded.
The door is being painted by him.
The door is blocked.
The door is broken.
The door is closed with the controller.
The door is closed.
The door is closing.
The door is coming off this.
The door is completely closed.
The door is directly to Felix's left.
The door is firmly locked.
The door is frozen shut.
The door is guarded by security.
The door is half closed.
The door is half open.
The door is heavy. You need to use a lot of force to open it.
The door is jammed.
The door is locked at nine every night.
The door is locked at nine o'clock.
The door is locked at nine o’clock.
The door is locked now.
The door is locked.
The door is made of glass.
The door is made of steel.
The door is made of tempered glass.
The door is made of wood.
The door is not closed properly.
The door is now closed.
The door is now cracked open.
The door is now open.
The door is on the latch.
The door is open in front of him.
The door is open now.
The door is open now; it was closed a minute ago.
The door is open.
The door is open. I'll go and shut it.
The door is open. I’ll go and shut it.
The door is opened by Jim.
The door is opened every morning.
The door is opening now.
The door is opening.
The door is over there.
The door is red.
The door is sealed on the outside.
The door is shut fast.
The door is shut, I can't let you in.
The door is shut.
The door is slightly ajar.
The door is small.
The door is sometimes open.
The door is still open.
The door is too heavy.
The door is unlocked.
The door is very difficult to open.
The door is wide open for everyone.
The door is wide open.
The door is wooden.
The door isn't locked.
The door isn't open, but closed.
The door jambs prevent you from opening it outward, into the hallway.
The door just doesn't want to open.
The door just won't open.
The door just wouldn't open.
The door latch was broken off.
The door leads out to the backyard.
The door leads to a pitch black room.
The door leads to a tunnel.
The door leads to the back of the building.
The door leads to the basement.
The door leads to the bathroom.
The door leads to the outside.
The door led towards an underground cellar.
The door lock started to shake and the door opened.
The door locks automatically.
The door magically opened.
The door may be locked.
The door moved a little bit.
The door moved slightly.
The door must have been open, for the man disappeared suddenly from view and they failed to hear the usual grating of the hinges.
The door must not be left open.
The door needs another coat of paint.
The door needs painting.
The door needs to be painted.
The door never opened.
The door of languages unlocked.
The door of my house is always open.
The door of our house is always open.
The door of repentance to God is open.
The door of the house closes tightly.
The door of the meeting room is open.
The door of the office is yellow.
The door of the safe was found open.
The door of the safe was open.
The door on the driver's side is open.
The door on the left side will be open.
The door on the passenger side is still not completely shut.
The door on the passenger's side is open.
The door opened a crack.
The door opened again.
The door opened and Tom came in.
The door opened and Tom entered the room.
The door opened and Tom entered.
The door opened and Tom walked in.
The door opened and Ziri expected his dad to walk in.
The door opened and Ziri stepped out.
The door opened and a man came in.
The door opened and a man came out.
The door opened and a man walked in.
The door opened and an arm pulled Gunter inside the house. It was Amelia.
The door opened and closed.
The door opened and it was the doctor.
The door opened and light flooded the room.
The door opened and she came in.
The door opened and there she was, standing in the doorway.
The door opened and they called Ziri's name.
The door opened automatically.
The door opened by itself.
The door opened just a few inches.
The door opened just in time.
The door opened noiselessly.
The door opened of itself.
The door opened on its own.
The door opened seemingly by itself.
The door opened slowly.
The door opened suddenly.
The door opened unexpectedly.
The door opened very easily.
The door opened wide.
The door opened, and a man came out.
The door opened, and in came a man.
The door opened, and the man walked out.
The door opened, but nothing happened.
The door opened, revealing Ziri.
The door opened.
The door opened; and a little girl, much younger than the boy, came darting in, and putting her arms about his neck, and often kissing him, addressed him as her "Dear, dear brother."
The door opens and in walks my friend.
The door opens automatically.
The door opens from within.
The door opens into the bedroom.
The door opens inward.
The door opens to the road.
The door opens up to the outside and is rarely used.
The door opens.
The door pulled open.
The door pushed open.
The door remained closed all day.
The door remained closed before her.
The door remained closed.
The door remaining locked up from inside, he could not enter the house.
The door remains closed.
The door seemed stuck.
The door shut after Tom.
The door shut after him.
The door shut but I have the key.
The door shut of its own accord.
The door slammed behind Ziri.
The door slammed loudly.
The door slammed on its own.
The door slammed shut on me.
The door slammed shut with a bang.
The door slammed shut.
The door slid open.
The door slowly fall into the lock automatically.
The door slowly opened.
The door slowly opened; and St. Nicholas, in full array, stood before them.
The door slowly shut behind Rodrigo.
The door softly clicked.
The door squeaked.
The door stayed closed.
The door stayed shut.
The door stays open.
The door stood ajar.
The door suddenly opening, she sprang to her feet.
The door suddenly swung open.
The door swung open and Mark walked in.
The door swung open and Tom walked into the room.
The door swung open, and Tom walked in.
The door swung open.
The door swung slowly on its creaking hinges.
The door that leads to the forest is locked from the inside.
The door that usually never quite opens easily opened smoothly today.
The door to Dmitri's tent was unzipped.
The door to Janos's camper opened.
The door to Stefan's room opened.
The door to Tom's room was closed.
The door to Ziri's bedroom was open.
The door to my house is usually unlocked and frequently open.
The door to my room screeches when I open it. I wonder if there's something wrong with it.
The door to my room screeches when I open it. I wonder if there’s something wrong with it.
The door to our classroom is locked.
The door to our dwelling is perpetually ajar.
The door to that room was cracked open, but it was dark in there.
The door to the attic was closed.
The door to the backyard was slightly open.
The door to the basement is open.
The door to the basement was closed.
The door to the basement was open.
The door to the bathroom was half open.
The door to the boiler room was opened.
The door to the cabin opened.
The door to the cabin was open.
The door to the cellar was so low that I had to bend over to enter.
The door to the closet opened slowly.
The door to the closet slowly started opening.
The door to the dining room is a few feet away.
The door to the garden is very narrow.
The door to the hall stood wide open.
The door to the house is closed, but the windows are open.
The door to the house is closed. The windows, however, are open.
The door to the house was ajar.
The door to the kitchen squeaks too loudly.
The door to the mosque is open.
The door to the mosque started to open.
The door to the mosque was already open.
The door to the mosque was cracked open.
The door to the mosque was locked.
The door to the pantry was open.
The door to the room slammed shut.
The door to the room that had a light on was open.
The door to the shed opened.
The door to the tent was facing the lake.
The door to the tent was partially open.
The door was ajar.
The door was almost closed.
The door was already cracked open.
The door was already open.
The door was already unlocked.
The door was barely hanging on.
The door was blocked.
The door was blown shut by the wind.
The door was boarded up.
The door was broken open.
The door was closed for all eternity.
The door was closed for good.
The door was closed, but it wasn't locked.
The door was closed, but not locked.
The door was closed.
The door was closing.
The door was difficult to open.
The door was flung open and the guards burst in.
The door was forced open.
The door was frozen shut.
The door was half open.
The door was hard to open.
The door was held open with a doorstop.
The door was jammed.
The door was kicked in and the police officers entered.
The door was kicked open by one of the police officers.
The door was kicked open.
The door was left ajar.
The door was locked and we couldn't enter.
The door was locked and we couldn't get in.
The door was locked and we couldn’t enter.
The door was locked and we couldn’t get in.
The door was locked from the inside.
The door was locked from the outside.
The door was locked from within.
The door was locked on the inside, and no answer could be got to their cries and knocking.
The door was locked on the inside, but we put our shoulders to it, and knocked it in.
The door was locked on the inside.
The door was locked when we found it.
The door was locked with more than a dozen chains of all sizes.
The door was locked, so I couldn't get in.
The door was locked, so I couldn't get into the room anyway.
The door was locked, so I couldn't go in.
The door was locked, so I couldn't open it.
The door was locked, so I couldn’t get in.
The door was locked, so I couldn’t get into the room anyway.
The door was locked, so I didn't go in.
The door was locked.
The door was not closed.
The door was not locked.
The door was only ajar.
The door was only closed, not locked.
The door was open for probably five seconds and then it closed again.
The door was open just a crack.
The door was open, so we came right in.
The door was open.
The door was opened by a tall man.
The door was opened by an odd, swarthy, dried-up person of uncertain age.
The door was opened.
The door was opening.
The door was partially closed.
The door was partially open.
The door was permanently jammed open.
The door was repaired by a locksmith.
The door was repaired by the locksmith.
The door was rotated open.
The door was sealed.
The door was shut, but it was unlocked.
The door was shut, but it wasn't locked.
The door was shut.
The door was slammed in my face.
The door was slightly ajar.
The door was slightly open.
The door was still closed.
The door was still open.
The door was stuck on something.
The door was suddenly opened by Mike.
The door was unlocked when I got here this morning.
The door was unlocked.
The door was very hard to open.
The door was very small and had a padlock on it.
The door was wide open.
The door wasn't closed but open.
The door wasn't closed.
The door wasn't completely closed.
The door wasn't locked.
The door wasn't locking properly anymore.
The door wasn't open.
The door wasn’t open. It was shut.
The door where I stood was red, the door behind which Mary waited was blue, and the door against which Tom leaned was green.
The door will be open.
The door will be painted tomorrow.
The door will lock automatically when you go out.
The door will not open.
The door will not open; the lock must be out of order.
The door will open automatically.
The door won't budge.
The door won't close.
The door won't fully close if you don't slam it.
The door won't hold much longer.
The door won't open.
The door won't open. There must be something wrong with the lock.
The door won't shut.
The door won't stay closed.
The door won't stay shut.
The door won’t close.
The door won’t open.
The door would not open.
The door wouldn't open.
The door wouldn't shut.
The door wouldn’t shut.
The door yielded to a strong push.
The door's about to open, get ready!
The door's already unlocked.
The door's going to open up, get ready!
The door's hinges suddenly broke.
The door's latch is bent.
The door's locked.
The door's locked. I can't get in.
The door's not locked.
The door's open.
The door's open. Go in.
The door's over here.
The door's shut tight.
The door's stuck.
The door's unlocked.
The door/window is open.
The doorbell button was missing.
The doorbell is ringing.
The doorbell just rang.
The doorbell plays "Silent Night", and Henrik opens the door and says "Merry Christmas and welcome!"
The doorbell rang again.
The doorbell rang and rang.
The doorbell rang during the meal.
The doorbell rang once more.
The doorbell rang unexpectedly.
The doorbell rang when I was in the shower.
The doorbell rang.
The doorbell rang. Anna answered it. Outside stood Béla holding a bunch of flowers.
The doorbell rang. Anna opened the door. Béla stood there holding a bunch of flowers.
The doorbell woke me up.
The doorkeeper closes the door after them.
The doorknob broke.
The doorknob creaked and someone came inside.
The doorknob rattled and started to turn.
The doorknob slowly turned.
The doorknob started rattling.
The doorknob stopped jiggling.
The doorknob to the front door began to turn.
The doorknob was completely fine.
The doorknobs are plated.
The doorman did not permit me to enter the theater.
The doorman opened the door.
The doorman refused to let Tom in.
The doorman refused to let Tom into the club.
The doorman refused to let them enter.
The doorman refused to let them in.
The doorman will call a taxi for us.
The doorman will call us a taxi.
The doormat is filthy.
The doors are all locked.
The doors are closed.
The doors are closing.
The doors are frozen shut.
The doors are locked.
The doors are made of bronze.
The doors are mercilessly closed against me.
The doors are open.
The doors are opened.
The doors are shut.
The doors are triangular at that restaurant.
The doors aren't there to be left open. Close them behind you.
The doors automatically closed.
The doors closed, sealing them from the chaos outside.
The doors closed.
The doors creaked.
The doors don't open.
The doors fold back.
The doors have already been locked.
The doors have been locked.
The doors have been opened.
The doors have opened.
The doors lock automatically.
The doors of the house were red.
The doors of the mosque are closed.
The doors of the train on line 3 are closing. Please be careful.
The doors on the left side will be open.
The doors on the left side will open.
The doors on the left will open.
The doors open at 2:30 p.m.
The doors open automatically.
The doors opened again.
The doors opened and Tom stepped out of the elevator.
The doors opened and a large crowd of people rushed out of the building.
The doors opened and everybody quickly left the room.
The doors opened and everyone entered.
The doors opened and everyone quickly left the room.
The doors opened of their own accord.
The doors opened.
The doors opens to the bathroom.
The doors protect us and our property against strangers and they don't let the heat out or in.
The doors to the house are open.
The doors were closed.
The doors were closing.
The doors were left unlocked.
The doors were locked and we couldn't get in anyhow.
The doors were locked and we couldn’t get in anyhow.
The doors were locked from the outside.
The doors were locked.
The doors were open.
The doors will close.
The doors will open automatically.
The doors wouldn't open, so I had to get in through the trunk.
The doors wouldn't open, so I had to get into the car through the boot.
The dopant that gives rubies their red color is chromium.
The doppler shift is a shift in an object's spectrum due to a change in the wavelength of light that occurs when an object is moving toward or away from Earth.
The dorm room was the size of a house.
The dormitory guard was patrolling the area.
The dosage last night was much higher.
The dose makes the poison.
The dose proved fatal.
The dosh won't be enough.
The double empathy problem contrasts with the classic view that autistic people are lacking in empathy and must make up for this, instead placing shared responsibility on both neurotypical and autistic people to try to understand one another's perspectives.
The double empathy problem is described as a reciprocal failure to empathize with one another on the part of neurotypical and autistic people, who have completely different ways of communicating and of thinking about the world.
The double empathy problem is supported by the amount of empathy autistic people are able to display towards each other, who have similar ways of thinking and communicating.
The double helix that encodes our genome is an elegant structure.
The double standard is impossible to ignore.
The double-decker bus arrived at the bus stop.
The doubters say pranksters may have created a panic in Tasmania by bringing in dead foxes to create the illusion that foxes are now living on the island.
The douche fell asleep!
The dough broke up when Tom tried to stretch it.
The dough is in the fridge.
The dough is left undivided until after bulk fermentation.
The dough is made from water, flour, salt and instant yeast.
The dough is still a little thick.
The dough is stuck to the counter.
The dough is too soft. Put it in the fridge.
The dough needs to rise for five to ten hours.
The dough used for pancakes is thin.
The dove coos.
The dove flew away.
The dove is a bird.
The dove is a famous symbol for peace.
The dove is a symbol of peace.
The dove of peace is white. Love is pink.
The dove stands for peace.
The dove symbolizes peace.
The doves on the roof pulled their little heads out from their wings.
The down jacket that I bought yesterday cost me a lot less than I had expected.
The down of chicks that have just hatched is damp, but after two hours it dries out and becomes fluffy.
The down of young penguins is still poor at keeping them warm.
The downclimb here is also dangerous as there are no handholds.
The downfall is inevitable.
The download is complete.
The download speed is twice as fast as the upload speed on this network.
The download will start once you've clicked the save button.
The downpipe is blocked, and now the gutter is overflowing.
The downside of being curious and always having an open mind is that you spend your whole life confused.
The downside of fame is public scrutiny.
The downside of fame is scrutiny.
The downside, well, it's how thoroughly work gets mixed up with my private life.
The downside, well, it’s how thoroughly work gets mixed up with my private life.
The downstairs was rented to a bookseller.
The downtime is caused by a mechanical problem.
The downtime of isolation is a good chance to reflect on our strengths and build upon them.
The downtown area is the heart of the city.
The downtown shops open at 9 am.
The downturn that it took on her life was tremendous, and nobody seemed to have noticed her immense depression.
The dowser used a dowsing rod to search for water.
The dozen animal signs in the Chinese zodiac come from the eleven kinds of animals found in nature: the rat, the bull, the tiger, the hare, the snake, the horse, the lamb, the monkey, the rooster, the dog, and the pig -- and the mythical dragon; they are used as a calendar.
The dozen women Boyle profiles in her book, Defying Gravity: A Celebration of Late Blooming Women, include a homemaker who was elected to the Connecticut House of Representatives at age 48, a 47-year-old breast cancer survivor who discovered an eye for photography, and a medical technician who became an anthropology professor.
The draft recommendation states that pregnant women should eat at least 8 ounces and up to 12 ounces (2–3 servings) per week of a variety of fish, according to a news release from the FDA.
The drag even was canceled.
The drag queens applied glitter to their eyes to complete their makeup.
The drag queens are snatched! Painted to death in fabulous gowns with immaculately coiffed wigs.
The drag queen’s lip-sync was flawless and full of energy.
The drag show was opened up for children.
The drag show was raided by FBI agents.
The drag show was set to begin at seven in the evening.
The drag show was shut down.
The drag show was spectacular.
The dragon breathed fire and exhaled its sooty ashen remains.
The dragon breathed fire, roasting the knight in his armour.
The dragon can be defeated.
The dragon can be killed.
The dragon can't be killed with ordinary weapons.
The dragon cannot be defeated.
The dragon cannot be harmed by ordinary weapons.
The dragon cannot be killed.
The dragon crawled out of the water.
The dragon eats more than ten pigs in a single day.
The dragon escaped.
The dragon flew a dragon kite: the kite was flown by the dragon.
The dragon gobbled everyone up.
The dragon has been slain.
The dragon is a fictional creature.
The dragon is an imaginary creature.
The dragon is attacking our army.
The dragon is fighting the hero.
The dragon is fighting with the hero.
The dragon is invincible.
The dragon is not invincible.
The dragon is on drugs.
The dragon is one of the cultural emblems of China.
The dragon is slaughtering our troops.
The dragon must die.
The dragon plucked Ziri from the ground.
The dragon saw her.
The dragon takes drugs.
The dragon was belching hot flames.
The dragon was circling the sky above.
The dragon was enraged by the hero's taunts.
The dragon's fire breath burned Mario completely.
The dragon's scales can't be pierced by ordinary arrows.
The dragonflies floated above the dandelions.
The dragonfly flies over the puddle.
The dragonfly gracefully passed over the water.
The dragonfly was eaten by a frog.
The dragonfly was skimming across the water.
The dragons are born in the fire.
The dragons circled in the air.
The dragons continued to fly into the air.
The dragons must die.
The drain clogged after a short period of time.
The drain in her kitchen sink was constantly getting blocked, requiring frequent unclogging.
The drain in the washbasin is blocked.
The drain is clogged again.
The drain is clogged.
The drain is running freely.
The drain is so slow.
The drain was clogged by leaves.
The drain was clogged.
The drain's clogged up.
The drain's clogged.
The drainage is blocked.
The drainage systems are not able to handle the water pressure.
The drainpipe connected to her kitchen sink was loose, causing water to leak onto the floor.
The drainpipe is clogged.
The drains are blocked up.
The drama brought a lump to my throat.
The drama differs from the original story.
The drama on TV was so popular that it stirred up people's interest in the period.
The drama on TV was so popular that it stirred up people’s interest in the period.
The drama was presented last month.
The dramatic rise in antisemitism this year has caused the number of Jews making aliyah to increase by 31%.
The dramatist resides now in New York.
The draping of this dress is intricate.
The draw for the final tournament took place on 2 December 2011 at the Ukraine Palace of Arts in Kiev, Ukraine.
The drawbridge is raised at nightfall to prevent monsters from reaching the fort.
The drawer is empty.
The drawer is stuffed full of odds and ends.
The drawer was stuck closed.
The drawer won't open.
The drawer won’t open.
The drawing is bad.
The drawing is defective.
The drawing is faulty.
The drawing was mounted in a fancy frame.
The drawings Lyod has made show people from the 14th century.
The dread returned.
The dreadful fire shall be hot to many.
The dream I had last night never leaves my mind.
The dream came true.
The dream continues.
The dream goes on.
The dream has become a reality.
The dream has come true.
The dream has shaken me.
The dream hasn't left Algeria, it hasn't come out from under the yoke for years!
The dream is no longer just a dream.
The dream is over, / The vision has flown; / Dead leaves are lying / Where roses have blown; / Wither'd and strown / Are the hopes I cherished,— / All hath perished / But grief alone.
The dream is over.
The dream of opportunity for all people has not come true for everyone in America, but its promise exists for all who come to our shores â€“ that includes nearly seven million American Muslims in our country today who enjoy incomes and education that are higher than average.
The dream of opportunity for all people has not come true for everyone in America, but its promise exists for all who come to our shores – that includes nearly seven million American Muslims in our country today who enjoy incomes and education that are higher than average.
The dream of opportunity for all people has not come true for everyone in the United States, but its promise exists for all who come to our shores – that includes nearly seven million US Muslims in our country today who enjoy incomes and education that are higher than average.
The dream of world war may be linked to a linear religion.
The dream of yesterday is the hope of today.
The dream rattled Tom. He took it as a divine warning.
The dream was a mystery to me.
The dream was good.
The dream was prophetic.
The dreams are false.
The dregs of society should be taken to the garbage dump.
The dress I like more is black.
The dress I like most is the black one.
The dress Mary bought yesterday doesn't fit her very well.
The dress Mary is wearing today is her favorite.
The dress Mary was wearing was white.
The dress Mary was wearing yesterday was red.
The dress accentuated their curves.
The dress allured her into the store.
The dress becomes you very well.
The dress becomes you.
The dress brings out your eyes.
The dress can be let out.
The dress code is business casual.
The dress code is casual.
The dress code is smart casual.
The dress comes to my knees.
The dress costs fifteen euros.
The dress does not make the fair.
The dress fits her form.
The dress fits you very well.
The dress fitted her perfectly.
The dress has a beautiful contrast between red and white.
The dress has a full skirt.
The dress in the shop window caught Marie's eye.
The dress in the shop's window caught Mary's attention.
The dress in the shop's window caught Mary's eye.
The dress in the show window caught Mary's attention.
The dress in the show window caught Mary's eye.
The dress in the store's display window strikes Maria's eye.
The dress in the window caught Tom's eye.
The dress in the window caught my eye.
The dress in the window caught your eye.
The dress is absolutely gorgeous.
The dress is blue.
The dress is green.
The dress is horrible on you.
The dress is made of a thin fabric.
The dress is made of silk.
The dress is newly designed.
The dress is not so bad.
The dress is of silk.
The dress is pure silk.
The dress is too big.
The dress is too expensive. Can't you sweeten the deal a little?
The dress is too expensive. Can’t you sweeten the deal a little?
The dress looks good on you.
The dress looks great on you.
The dress looks quite cool on you.
The dress looks very costly.
The dress looks very expensive.
The dress lured her into the store.
The dress matches your complexion.
The dress really brings out her skin tones.
The dress rehearsal took a long time because of problems with the lights.
The dress shirt is clean and dry.
The dress shirt is dirty.
The dress suits you very well.
The dress that Mary bought yesterday doesn't fit her very well.
The dress that Mary is wearing looks expensive.
The dress that Mary is wearing today is her favorite.
The dress that Mary was wearing yesterday was red.
The dress turned blue.
The dress was covered with blue velvet.
The dress was most becoming to her.
The dress was outrageously expensive.
The dress was trimmed with lace.
The dress was worth its weight of gold.
The dress will get crinkled on the way to the ceremony.
The dressing gown isn't dry yet.
The dressing room is over there.
The dressmaker forgot to sew a pocket on my jeans.
The dressmaker is using her sewing machine to sew a dress made from red material.
The dressmaker took Mary's measurements.
The dried flowers, finely powdered and mixed with oil or lard make a useful ointment for acute hemorrhoids.
The dried sugar must be handled with caution, as sugar dust explosions are possible.
The drift of his argument was clear: he wanted change.
The drift of the current is to the south.
The drift was moving the closet door.
The drill from the rover penetrated the red Martian surface.
The drilling began at 4 am.
The drilling has stopped.
The drilling operation is about to commence.
The drink I drink the most is coffee.
The drink I usually have has changed its formula.
The drink I usually order changed its recipe.
The drink Tom created was a hit.
The drink is on me.
The drink made Tom sick.
The drink made Tom sleepy.
The drink was bitter.
The drink was sweet.
The drink-driver had to spend the night in a cell.
The drinks are complimentary.
The drinks are half price until six.
The drinks are on the house.
The drinks are on you.
The drinks at Tom's daughter's wedding cost him a bundle.
The drinks at Tom's daughter's wedding cost him a lot of money.
The drinks at Tom's daughter's wedding cost him a lot.
The drinks at Tom's daughter's wedding cost him a packet.
The drinks here aren't cheap.
The drinks looked cool and delicious.
The drinks were free.
The drinks were served in coconut shells.
The dripping ice cream dirtied his pants.
The drive home was about thirty minutes.
The drive home was nightmarish.
The drive itself was pretty relaxing.
The drive to Algiers was going to take Ziri almost four hours.
The drive to Chrea was long.
The drive to outlaw demon rum in the U.S. began in the 1850s.
The drive to the lake was very exciting.
The drive to the small residential park was five minutes.
The drive to work takes thirty minutes.
The drive was supposed to take five hours, but it took ten because of road work.
The drive would take Mennad six and a half hours.
The driver accelerated his car.
The driver advised us to fasten our seat belts.
The driver asked me which way to go.
The driver asked us to take care when getting off the bus.
The driver braked cautiously.
The driver caused the accident.
The driver cautiously applied the brakes.
The driver claimed his gas pedal got stuck.
The driver could not distinguish the signal in the fog.
The driver couldn't have stopped at the signal.
The driver couldn’t have stopped at the signal.
The driver didn't get a scratch.
The driver didn't have any tickets.
The driver does not have responsibility for the traffic accident.
The driver drives too fast.
The driver drove into the river.
The driver drove onto the frozen lake.
The driver drove quickly away from the police.
The driver failed to escape.
The driver fell asleep at the wheel.
The driver fell asleep.
The driver felt like taking a rest.
The driver gestured him out.
The driver got a speeding ticket.
The driver had been drinking.
The driver has caused the accident.
The driver hit our car and then drove off.
The driver ignored the stoplight.
The driver increased his speed.
The driver is OK.
The driver is deeply attached to his old car.
The driver is doing a hundred and ten kilometres an hour.
The driver is doing a hundred and ten kilometres per hour.
The driver is doing almost seventy miles an hour.
The driver is from Algiers.
The driver is going at 100 km/h.
The driver is going at one hundred ten kilometers per hour.
The driver is responsible for the safety of the passengers.
The driver is travelling at a speed of 110 kilometres an hour.
The driver is waiting for the passengers.
The driver kicked Tom off the bus.
The driver left his car on the sidewalk.
The driver maintained a high speed.
The driver of an oncoming car flashed his lights at Tom as a warning that there was a mobile speed camera up ahead. Tom, who had been speeding, immediately slowed down and passed the camera at just under the speed limit.
The driver of the bus was injured.
The driver of the bus wasn't injured.
The driver of the car that crashed into the wall was a blonde woman.
The driver of the car that hit Tom was drunk.
The driver of the other car was the one who caused the accident.
The driver of the overturned truck miraculously managed to escape.
The driver of the truck was drunk.
The driver of the truck wasn't hurt.
The driver opened the door and we all got off the bus.
The driver opened the door to let passengers get on the bus.
The driver opened the door.
The driver ordered everybody off the bus.
The driver ordered everyone off the bus.
The driver overtook the car.
The driver really screwed up the team when he drove them to the wrong playing field in a different town.
The driver refused to drive Mary to her destination.
The driver said that the first bus starts at 6:00 a.m.
The driver said we don't have brakes!
The driver says that we don't have any brakes!
The driver side dashboard is all but removed in the new model, in favor of a central touchscreen that handles everything from music to directions.
The driver side door was open.
The driver skidded on a slippery road and collided with the crash barrier.
The driver sped past the yield sign, not slowing in the slightest.
The driver stopped and opened the door, but no one got on or off the bus.
The driver stopped and opened the door, but nobody got on or off the bus.
The driver stopped the bus and told Tom to get off.
The driver stopped the bus and told Tom to get out.
The driver stopped the bus.
The driver sustained multiple injuries.
The driver swerved to miss the dog.
The driver tipped his cap.
The driver told Tom that it isn't allowed to eat on the bus.
The driver told us that eating on the bus wasn't allowed.
The driver told us to be careful when we got off the bus.
The driver told us which bus we should take.
The driver turned the wheel to the right.
The driver violated the traffic rules; as a result, he was fined.
The driver was charged with speeding.
The driver was cited for speeding in a school zone.
The driver was having a nap in his car.
The driver was inattentive and could not stop in time.
The driver was intoxicated.
The driver was seriously injured and a passenger died in the accident.
The driver was shouting because the car in front of him wasn't moving.
The driver was so fortunate as to escape death.
The driver was so fortunate to escape death.
The driver was the only person on the bus that didn't get injured.
The driver was the only person on the bus who didn't get injured.
The driver was thrown from his seat head over heels.
The driver was under the influence.
The driver wasn't hurt.
The driver wasn't injured.
The driver who caused the accident didn't stick around.
The driver who caused the accident didn’t stick around.
The driver who caused the accident fled the scene.
The driver who caused the accident saw the man.
The driver who caused the accident was driving with a suspended license.
