It’s nice and warm.
It’s nice if a child can have a room of his own.
It’s nice meeting you.
It’s nice of you to see me off.
It’s nice out today, and will be tomorrow as well.
It’s nice out today, isn’t it?
It’s nice quality.
It’s nice to be back home.
It’s nice to be rid of him!
It’s nice to drive on a smooth road.
It’s nice to have a pretty girl on each arm.
It’s nice to have supportive friends.
It’s nice to meet you.
It’s nice to sip and savour drinks other than beer as well from time to time.
It’s nice today.
It’s nice.
It’s night and I’m still not asleep.
It’s night out, but I’m not asleep.
It’s nine-thirty.
It’s no big deal.
It’s no concern of mine.
It’s no crime to just idle the whole day once in a while.
It’s no crime to skip breakfast once in a while.
It’s no crime to steal from a thief.
It’s no easy matter to maintain a family of six.
It’s no easy task to keep up with him.
It’s no good his trying to find the true reason.
It’s no good making the same old products year after year.
It’s no good saying ’Isn’t it?’ to me ... have you double-booked again?
It’s no good trying to persuade her.
It’s no good waiting for something to happen; you must take action at once.
It’s no joke! It’s really a pain, you see.
It’s no joke.
It’s no laughing matter.
It’s no longer news that on April 20th, the catastrophic explosion of an offshore rig sent an undersea gusher of oil boiling to the surface of the Gulf of Mexico off Louisiana. Or that winds, tides and time have overwhelmed efforts to contain a slick the size of Cyprus, spreading globs of emulsified goo to the very edges of the tender marshes and bayous of Plaquemines Parish, and onto the barrier Chandeleur Islands.
It’s no more than four minutes from here by train.
It’s no place for the weak.
It’s no small matter.
It’s no trouble at all.
It’s no trouble. Really.
It’s no use arguing with him.
It’s no use asking him for help.
It’s no use asking me for money.
It’s no use bandying words with them.
It’s no use for him to try to find out the real reason.
It’s no use on earth.
It’s no use playing tough.
It’s no use pleading because they’ll never give in.
It’s no use pretending to make me believe that I believe things you don’t believe!
It’s no use regretting it now.
It’s no use telling me anything.
It’s no use thinking about one’s lost youth.
It’s no use trying anything.
It’s no use trying to find people to play Street Fighter with when you can’t explain double quarter-circle joystick motions.
It’s no use trying to fix it now.
It’s no use trying to persuade her.
It’s no use trying to persuade the boy.
It’s no use trying to stick to the old ways.
It’s no use worrying about it. There’s nothing you can do.
It’s no use your begging him for help.
It’s no use your saying anything.
It’s no wonder that truth is stranger than fiction. Fiction has to make sense.
It’s no wonder you ask.
It’s nobody’s fault but yours. I’m determined to make you take the responsibility.
It’s noisy around here, so speak a little louder.
It’s noisy next door.
It’s none of my business!
It’s none of your business!
It’s none of your business.
It’s none other than Tom!
It’s nonsense to try that.
It’s normal to have those thoughts as long as you don’t act on them.
It’s not Gabriel’s home.
It’s not Joan. You are wrong.
It’s not KYC compliant.
It’s not OK to smoke here.
It’s not a big deal.
It’s not a big deal. Don’t worry about it.
It’s not a bug, it’s an undocumented feature.
It’s not a class.
It’s not a classroom.
It’s not a convenient time to speak about that, is it?
It’s not a good car, but it’s a car.
It’s not a laughing matter.
It’s not a little money.
It’s not a marriage between two people, but between two families, which can mean complicated juggling of the expectations and traditions of both.
It’s not a pig; it’s a monkey.
It’s not a question of good or bad but of better or worse.
It’s not a question of tax allowance but of moral exhaustion.
It’s not a road, but a path.
It’s not a suitable topic for discussion.
It’s not a thing one can well boast of.
It’s not a toy!
It’s not a watch.
It’s not a wife that I want, but a sex friend.
It’s not about how much you’re worth, but how much they are going to pay for having you.
It’s not absolutely impossible to climb the mountain.
It’s not actually obvious.
It’s not all that uncommon for people to live past the age of ninety.
It’s not allowed to be quiet here.
It’s not an easy thing to meet your maker.
It’s not an either-or situation.
It’s not an either/or matter.
It’s not an exaggeration to say that Mrs. Smith is addicted to TV.
It’s not an impossible request.
It’s not an issue if he argues with his wife, but he shouldn’t hit her.
It’s not as bad as it sounds.
It’s not as difficult to find a native speaker to help you with your language studies as it used to be.
It’s not as good as it used to be.
It’s not as if an emissary from outer space will have slipped into school uniform and be loitering around seeking a partner.
It’s not as if he can’t run fast.
It’s not as if just anybody can write a literary gem.
It’s not as if they were BOTH rich.
It’s not as simple as that.
It’s not as though the world is going to end if she leaves.
It’s not as though we were enemies at each other’s throat.
It’s not at all rare to live to be over ninety years old.
It’s not bad, you don’t have to cry.
It’s not black, is it?
It’s not blood. It’s beet.
It’s not books that create wisdom, but wisdom that creates books.
It’s not clear right now whether time travel is really something that exists in reality but its possibility has been proven by theoretical physics.
It’s not clear whether the cucumber infected the people, or if the people infected the cucumber.
It’s not cold, is it?
It’s not cold.
It’s not crowded at all today. This is the least crowded time of all.
It’s not difficult if you study.
It’s not difficult to learn Dutch.
It’s not easy being honest all the time.
It’s not easy for me to travel alone in Japan.
It’s not easy to come by apples at this time.
It’s not easy to come by watermelons at this time of year.
It’s not easy to control the languages that you can speak!
It’s not easy to figure out the cost.
It’s not easy to follow the conversation.
It’s not easy to keep up with the times.
It’s not easy to master French at all.
It’s not easy to part with one’s favorite possessions.
It’s not easy to pick out the best actors for this play.
It’s not easy to thread a needle.
It’s not easy to translate a poem in a foreign language.
It’s not easy writing a love letter in English.
It’s not enough to know only one language.
It’s not even worth a thought.
It’s not even worth mentioning.
It’s not exactly a hot spot, it’s more of a dive bar.
It’s not exactly a trial. It’s an evidentiary hearing.
It’s not exactly the same, but it is a kissing cousin.
It’s not fair that she can go and I can’t.
It’s not fair to attribute your failure to your parents.
It’s not fair!
It’s not fair! I have to do the hard work!
It’s not far from here to there.
It’s not far from here.
It’s not far.
It’s not gay unless the balls touch.
It’s not good for my heart.
It’s not good to force our ideas on others.
It’s not good to overeat.
It’s not good to read in a dark room.
It’s not good to wake a sleeping snake.
It’s not good when vacation ends so fast.
It’s not graffiti; it’s Banksy!
It’s not hard to see what the results of this rise will be.
It’s not hard to stand out when you’re surrounded by idiots.
It’s not healthy for you.
It’s not healthy to compete with your own daughter.
It’s not healthy to skip meals.
It’s not heavy, but light.
It’s not his ability, but his character that is at issue.
It’s not his place to tell me what to do.
It’s not hot, is it?
It’s not how much you know, but what you can do that counts.
It’s not immoral for a novelist to tell lies. In fact, the bigger the lies, the better lies, and the more the common folks and critics will praise you.
It’s not important.
It’s not in Flavio’s nature to disobey an order.
It’s not in his character to give up.
It’s not in the Toki Pona book.
It’s not just Tom that has to study. I have to study, too.
It’s not just you, I am also to blame.
It’s not known who first invented the wheel.
It’s not like I’ve got any special interest in gym shorts - I’ve not got that fetish, I think.
It’s not like him to abandon a project.
It’s not like you to cry at movies.
It’s not likely that he went there.
It’s not long gone failure, nor heroic deeds to come, but here and now, which you should consider.
It’s not much of a surprise, is it?
It’s not my business.
It’s not my cup of tea.
It’s not my fault that I hate them all.
It’s not my fault!
It’s not my fault.
It’s not necessary to put him in the hospital.
It’s not necessary to speak like a native speaker in order to communicate.
It’s not necessary to write a long letter.
It’s not necessary to write more than 400 words.
It’s not obvious, actually.
It’s not okay to label me like that.
It’s not on television. It’s a webcast.
It’s not only Tom that has to study. I have to study, too.
It’s not only the health aspects of sports that appeal to people, but the cooperative aspect that team sports teach, and the competitive aspect in itself.
It’s not our will that makes us act, but our imagination.
It’s not polite to point at others.
It’s not polite to speak with your mouth full.
It’s not possible to breathe here.
It’s not practical.
It’s not precisely clear why a 16th-century German cartographer chose to honor the Italian explorer Amerigo Vespucci by naming a land mass after him instead of Christopher Columbus, who historically gets the credit for America’s discovery. VOA’s Ardita Dunellari reports Martin Waldseemuller’s 1507 map has been called America’s birth certificate as the first geographic document to apply the moniker.
It’s not quite certain.
It’s not right for you to do something bad just because someone else has done something bad.
It’s not rocket science.
It’s not safe to drive without wearing a seatbelt.
It’s not safe to go out.
It’s not safe to swim in that river.
It’s not safe to text while you drive.
It’s not serious, I don’t bear him a grudge.
It’s not so far.
It’s not something I’m very good at.
It’s not something anyone can do.
It’s not something anyone would be ashamed of.
It’s not spring yet.
It’s not surprising that he be proud of his son.
It’s not surprising!
It’s not that I am unsympathetic, but I am not able to help you.
It’s not that I dislike reading; it’s just that I have no time.
It’s not that I like them… but I eat them often because they’re cheap.
It’s not that I seriously like him. I just find him very attractive.
It’s not that easy to learn a new language after fifty.
It’s not that every student likes sports.
It’s not that far.
It’s not that obvious, actually.
It’s not that simple.
It’s not the cloth that brings the money. It’s the craftsmanship.
It’s not the fidelity that bothers him.
It’s not the mode for young girls to curl their bangs.
It’s not the person that’s ugly, but the clothes.
It’s not the same thing.
It’s not the same to be alone than to be alone in a room that you’ve just left.
It’s not the size of the dog in the fight, it’s the size of the fight in the dog.
It’s not the sort of illness that puts your life at risk.
It’s not the time but the will that you lack.
It’s not too much to ask you to come to class on time.
It’s not true that equality is a law of nature; nature makes nothing equal - her sovereign laws are subordination and dependence.
It’s not until you have met him that you really understand a man.
It’s not us who did it.
It’s not what I wanted to say.
It’s not what is beautiful that is expensive, but what is expensive that is beautiful.
It’s not what you say, but how you say it.
It’s not what you say, but what you do that counts.
It’s not what you wear, it’s how you wear it.
It’s not wise of you to turn down his offer.
It’s not worth crying over.
It’s not worth much.
It’s not worth reading any further.
It’s not worth the pain.
It’s not yet what you’d call finished but we’re starting to get pretty good results.
It’s not you that she loves, it’s me.
It’s not you whom I want to go with.
It’s nothing but a kind of joke.
It’s nothing but flattery.
It’s nothing impressive. It’s just a bit part in that play.
It’s nothing like desk work.
It’s nothing personal.
It’s nothing serious.
It’s nothing short of a miracle.
It’s nothing special.
It’s nothing to do with me, equals, I don’t have to be here. So I’m getting out of here, whatever anybody says!
It’s nothing to get upset about.
It’s nothing to worry about.
It’s nothing, don’t be afraid!
It’s now my turn.
It’s now or never!
It’s now or never.
It’s now your turn.
It’s obvious but the connection between people is "words". It is by those words that thoughts are shared and arguments carried out.
It’s obvious he’s wrong.
It’s obvious that I spend too much time studying Chinese characters, so I ought to study other aspects of the language more.
It’s obvious that he lied.
It’s obvious that he’s in the wrong.
It’s obvious that he’s right.
It’s obvious that he’s wrong.
It’s obvious that she doesn’t care about us.
It’s obvious that she’s sick.
It’s obvious that you told a lie.
It’s obvious that you’re wrong.
It’s obvious to everyone that he’s a genius.
It’s obvious why his stomach hurts.
It’s occupied.
It’s odd that there should be a light on in the office at this hour.
It’s odd to hear others share their childhood stories.
It’s offensive how inoffensive you are!
It’s often cold, so overcoats are advisable.
It’s often said that best way to learn a foreign language is to learn from a native speaker.
It’s okay if you go in there and take a seat.
It’s okay to go.
It’s okay to lean on others.
It’s okay to take it easy sometimes.
It’s okay, it’s no big deal.
It’s on its last legs.
It’s on me.
It’s on the aggressor’s side of town.
It’s on the coast about 13 kilometers to the north of its more famous neighbor, Dover.
It’s on the eighth floor.
It’s on the first floor of that building.
It’s on the mantelpiece.
It’s on the next corner.
It’s on the sofa.
It’s on the tip of my tongue.
It’s one mile from here.
It’s one of the rules.
It’s one o’clock.
It’s one thing to make plans, but quite another to carry them out.
It’s one thing to speak a language; teaching it is a whole new ball game.
It’s only a dream.
It’s only a matter of time before the meteor strikes.
It’s only a matter of time before we find the thief.
It’s only a matter of time.
It’s only a minor setback.
It’s only a short way, so you can walk there in a few minutes.
It’s only a simulation.
It’s only a slight cold.
It’s only a small house but it meets my needs perfectly.
It’s only leaves and branches.
It’s only manners to tackle all out a game that they have gone all out in creating. Pressing the pause button is just rude!
It’s only natural to keep up with the Joneses.
It’s only six pence per second.
It’s only ten minutes’ walk from here.
It’s only the anti-war pinkos who say things like Saddam isn’t a threat.
It’s only two miles to the town.
It’s only two miles to the village.
It’s only when I can’t sleep at night that the ticking of the clock becomes loud enough to bother me.
It’s only when I can’t sleep at night that the ticking of the clock bothers me.
It’s only your imagination.
It’s open ten to six daily throughout the year.
It’s our destiny.
It’s our duty to always obey the law.
It’s our duty to help.
It’s our pleasure.
It’s out of stock, but I can give you a rain check.
It’s out of the question!
It’s out of the question.
It’s over between us. Give me back my ring!
It’s over!
It’s over.
It’s overflowing.
It’s painful making love.
It’s painful to keep sitting for hours.
It’s passable. Nothing out of the ordinary.
It’s patience that counts.
It’s perfectly white.
It’s phony.
It’s pissing rain out there!
It’s pitch black outside.
It’s pity that nobody came to meet you at the station.
It’s pleasant to take a walk on the plateau.
It’s possible that Tom doesn’t know how to unclog a sink.
It’s possible that Tom was able to convince Mary to do his laundry for him.
It’s possible that Tom will get into Harvard.
It’s possible that he came here when he was a boy.
It’s possible that he came here when he was young.
It’s possible that the drinking water has chlorine, lead, or similar contaminants in it.
It’s possible that they’ll go to the supermarket today.
It’s possible to branch out from computing to jobs in banking, accountancy and so on.
It’s possible to eat green beans raw.
It’s possible to study English with a native speaker almost anywhere in the world.
It’s possible, but not probable.
It’s possible, though rare, for humans to catch diseases from animals.
It’s practical to have a laptop.
It’s presumptuous for humans to assume that our task is to do what only God can do.
It’s pretty cold.
It’s pretty freaking cold outside.
It’s pretty good.
It’s pretty hot this morning.
It’s pretty warm out for a jacket.
It’s pretty windy today, no?
It’s pride that drives her.
It’s probably OK.
It’s probably a good idea for us to speak in English, so he’ll be able to understand.
It’s probably healthier to eat popcorn than it is to eat potato chips.
It’s probably the illness that’s going around.
It’s quarter to eight now.
It’s quiet enough to hear a pin drop.
It’s quiet in the suburbs...
It’s quite a long way.
It’s quite absurd of you to tell her that sort of thing.
It’s quite all right.
It’s quite an informal meeting.
It’s quite close.
It’s quite difficult to master French in 2 or 3 years.
It’s quite distinct from the smell of burning.
It’s quite natural for him to think so.
It’s quite natural that you should think about marriage.
It’s quite obvious that the purport of these misanthropic theories consists in slandering the working masses, relieving imperialism from the responsibility for the bloody wars it provokes, and imposing the thought that wars are endless and are allegedly caused by aggressive tendencies in human nature.
It’s quite plain that you haven’t been paying attention.
It’s quite possible that there are times I am half awake, and thus the day feels shorter.
It’s quite possible.
It’s raining again!
It’s raining again.
It’s raining again. I wonder if we will be able to have the February snow festival?
It’s raining buckets outside.
It’s raining cats and dogs tonight.
It’s raining cats and dogs.
It’s raining hard and yet I must go.
It’s raining hard tonight.
It’s raining heavily so the ground is very soggy.
It’s raining here.
It’s raining non-stop.
It’s raining outside.
It’s raining outside. Don’t forget your umbrella.
It’s raining there.
It’s raining today. Where is my umbrella?
It’s raining where I am, and I’m looking at your car.
It’s raining, and your umbrella is gone.
It’s raining, and you’re without your umbrella.
It’s raining, but I would like to go out.
It’s raining, but she’s not wearing a coat.
It’s raining, so we should go home.
It’s raining, so you should stay at home.
It’s raining.
It’s raining. You might just as well stay home.
It’s rainy today.
It’s rare that history comes with a man that his fear is set in the hearts of kings all around earth.
It’s rare to find big yards in Japan.
It’s rare to meet nice people like you.
It’s rare to see tobacco being smoked on airline flights these days, but in the near future, tobacco could be used to power commercial jetliners.
It’s rather cold for April.
It’s rather cold today, but I think it’ll be fairly warm tomorrow.
It’s rather cold today.
It’s really a very useful thing; you ought to buy it.
It’s really an eyesore.
It’s really cold today.
It’s really coming down out there!
It’s really coming down! There are puddles all over the street, and water is pouring down from the rooftops.
It’s really convenient in case.
It’s really dark in here. I can’t see anything.
It’s really different from what I expected.
It’s really difficult to survive in a big city like Tokyo without endebting oneself.
It’s really easy for me to speak Japanese.
It’s really fast with a dedicated line.
It’s really good.
It’s really hard to drive on the bumpy roads around here.
It’s really hard to turn your back on your way of life.
It’s really horrible.
It’s really hot there.
It’s really nice having you here, Isao.
It’s really snow white.
It’s really stinky.
It’s really stressful.
It’s really time something was done.
It’s really unbearable to see him looking so down-and-out.
It’s really unfortunate. You don’t understand at all its essence.
It’s really windy today.
It’s really windy.
It’s really wonderful seeing you again, Momoe.
It’s really worth it.
It’s ridiculous that someone funded such research!
It’s rude of you to ask her that question.
It’s rude to make fun of your boss in public.
It’s rude to point at anyone.
It’s rude to talk during a concert.
It’s rumored that he has a lot of money stashed away in a Swiss bank account.
It’s rumored that they are going to get married.
It’s rumoured he comes from old money.
It’s rush hour at Tokyo station.
It’s sad when a child is a detainee of our government.
It’s safe to eat the fish.
It’s safe to say so.
It’s safer to stay here.
It’s safer to stay right here.
It’s said that Japan’s rural landscape has changed greatly.
It’s said that nothing is more precious than time.
It’s said that she loves him.
It’s said that she’s a well-known actress.
It’s said that some Englishmen like Japanese-style rooms.
It’s said that the Toba supervolcano spewed some 2,800 cubic kilometers of material.
It’s said that the mayor is on the take.
It’s said that these floods are related to the presence of a god in the area.
It’s said that they will soon be leaving Tokyo.
It’s said to be a girls’ high school characterised by its quiet and traditional feel and a chic, high-class uniform.
It’s scary how little consideration she gives to being a woman.
It’s second-hand.
It’s secret.
It’s self-evident.
It’s senseless to worry about doing it.
It’s seven o’clock.
It’s shaking! Ah!
It’s shameful to treat a child so cruelly.
It’s shameful, the way he wastes money.
It’s sick.
It’s silly of you to believe him.
It’s similar to a duck.
It’s simple. Just ask anybody.
It’s simply that I don’t really understand what an "oddball" is when said by a Mixi user.
It’s simply too cold today.
It’s simply too hot to do anything today.
It’s six o’clock already.
It’s small of you to speak ill of your friends.
It’s snowing here.
It’s snowing there.
It’s snowing today.
It’s snowing.
It’s snowy today.
It’s so big!
It’s so cold here that we can’t do without an overcoat.
It’s so cold that the river has frozen over.
It’s so cold that we can skate.
It’s so comfortable here, I really feel at home.
It’s so easy to write good example sentences, that even if we accidentally delete a few good sentences in the process of getting rid of a whole lot of bad ones, I think we could drastically improve the quality of this corpus by doing a lot of deleting.
It’s so easy when you know the rules.
It’s so exciting.
It’s so fucking cold!
It’s so grey out there that I can’t see the mountains on the other side of the valley.
It’s so hard to keep up with teenage clothing fashions these days because they change so often.
It’s so heavy that I can’t lift it.
It’s so hot in Havana!!!
It’s so hot outside that I want to spend all day in my air conditioned house.
It’s so hot outside today.
It’s so hot outside, you could fry an egg.
It’s so hot that you could cook an egg on the hood of a car.
It’s so kind of you to come to see me off.
It’s so lovely a day.
It’s so muggy; I think it will thunder in a short while.
It’s so nice to be by ourselves.
It’s so noisy here I can’t hear myself think.
It’s so obvious that it’s a lie!
It’s so obvious we don’t need proof.
It’s so odd talking in the dark like this.
It’s so painful. Stop it!
It’s so pointless to ask for something that you yourself can get!
It’s so wonderful to smell freshly made coffee!
It’s somehow warm.
It’s sometimes difficult to control our feelings.
It’s sort of strange.
It’s spring.
It’s stable because all the roots of this equation are negative.
It’s started to snow.
It’s starting now.
It’s starting to cool off.
It’s still early. We should all just chill for a bit.
It’s still impossible with the naked eye. With binoculars you might be able to glimpse it....
It’s still in limbo.
It’s still just as before here.
It’s still minor league but in the not so distant future they’ll be coming to a place near you.
It’s still not certain who’s going to win this match.
It’s still raining.
It’s still too early to get up.
It’s still too early to talk about this now.
It’s still too hard to find a job. And even if you have a job, chances are you’re having a tougher time paying the rising costs of everything from groceries to gas.
It’s stormy.
It’s strange that Ken doesn’t agree with us.
It’s strange that nobody knows us.
It’s strange that people in hot climate zones eat spicy things like curry.
It’s strange that she came home so late at night.
It’s strange that she should have come home so late at night.
It’s strange that you ask me for a motorcycle when you are afraid of going by bike.
It’s strange to hear that question directed at me.
It’s strange to not remember where I grew up.
It’s strange you say that.
It’s stuffy in here.
It’s such a distant connection that I hope Oscar won’t bring up our being kissing cousins at school.
It’s such a long time since he left school.
It’s such a nice change.
It’s such a nice day. Why don’t you take me for a drive?
It’s such an honor for me to be here with you all.
It’s super easy!
It’s supposed to get colder and snow later today.
It’s supposed to rain at night.
It’s supposed to rain tomorrow night, so let’s leave our umbrellas until then.
It’s surely a view the townsfolk are attached to.
It’s surprising how many unhappy marriages there are.
It’s surprising that he’s still on his own.
It’s surprising that she doesn’t know anything about it.
It’s surprising that you haven’t heard anything about her wedding.
It’s surprising to know that your school starts at 8:30 and ends at 3:30.
It’s sweltering.
It’s swings and roundabouts.
It’s taken him a year, but I think he’s finally come to grips with the death of his wife.
It’s talking about how, thanks to air transport, we’ve lost the sense of ’season’ for foodstuffs.
It’s ten minutes’ walk to the station.
It’s ten o’clock sharp.
It’s ten to nine.
It’s terribly cold. I think I’m going to catch a cold.
It’s thanks to dung beetles that the world isn’t covered in poop.
It’s thanks to his father that he owns this hotel.
It’s that time again! Wake up.
It’s the 28th of May.
It’s the Fairmont bus.
It’s the animal in me that wants it.
It’s the anniversary of the end of the war.
It’s the answer spoken by young and old, rich and poor, Democrat and Republican, black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, disabled and not disabled. Americans who sent a message to the world that we have never been just a collection of individuals or a collection of red states and blue states. We are, and always will be, the United States of America.
It’s the answer that led those who’ve been told for so long by so many to be cynical and fearful and doubtful about what we can achieve to put their hands on the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better day.
It’s the answer that led those who’ve been told for so long, by so many, to be cynical and fearful and doubtful about what we can achieve, to put their hands on the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better day.
It’s the answer told by lines that stretched around schools and churches in numbers this nation has never seen; by people who waited three hours and four hours, many for the very first time in their lives.
It’s the answer told by lines that stretched around schools and churches, in numbers this nation has never seen. By people who waited three hours and four hours, many for the first time in their lives, because they believed that this time must be different, that their voices could be that difference.
It’s the best book that I’ve ever read.
It’s the best job in the world!
It’s the best score up to now.
It’s the best season of the year.
It’s the class bell. The pupils that had been around the school gate quickened their steps as one.
It’s the dead of the night.
It’s the dry season here.
It’s the early bird that makes the most noise.
It’s the fastest railroad in the world.
It’s the first sunny day in a long time, so the clothes should dry in no time.
It’s the first time I’ve ever written a letter in Spanish.
It’s the first time he has encountered people speaking French.
It’s the first time in my life I’ve felt so connected with someone.
It’s the first time that I read the Bible.
It’s the first time that anybody said something like that to me.
It’s the front gate.
It’s the habit.
It’s the height of madness to say so.
It’s the highest building in this city.
It’s the hottest season of the year now.
It’s the law.
It’s the law: always buckle your safety belt in cars and airplanes.
It’s the living image of your grandfather.
It’s the most beautiful night I’ve seen since I can remember.
It’s the neighbors that live two houses to the left.
It’s the only one there is in the shop.
It’s the only thing I can think of.
It’s the only way you can get a restraining order.
It’s the perfect opportunity for some self-care.
It’s the place that has all of Gulfport talking.
It’s the police, perhaps we should get out of their way.
It’s the prevention of migraines during daily life that’s important, not dealing with migraines when they occur.
It’s the reader that determines whether they extract pleasure from reading.
It’s the same for everyone.
It’s the same to me.
It’s the same wherever you try and escape: everywhere is a death row, and everyone’s a victim.
It’s the serpent who tempted Eve.
It’s the soccer match tomorrow.
It’s the sort of day when you’d like to stay in bed.
It’s the sort of work that calls for a high level of concentration.
It’s the sound of secret minds.
It’s the sound that you hear when all is quiet.
It’s the third biggest city of Serbia.
It’s the third of October.
It’s the thought that counts.
It’s the tip of the iceberg.
It’s the trend that counts.
It’s the truth.
It’s the way that she laughs at herself that endears her to me.
It’s then that I had a good idea.
It’s there to the left.
It’s thirty degrees below zero.
It’s this book.
It’s thoughtless of her to say so.
It’s three hours door-to-door.
It’s three miles longer than I can walk.
It’s three o’clock now; I’ll come again in an hour.
It’s three years since I had a real vacation.
It’s three years since we moved here.
It’s through love that we find our purpose.
It’s time for children to go to bed.
It’s time for dinner.
It’s time for lunch.
It’s time for me to go.
It’s time for our children to go to bed.
It’s time for the challenge.
It’s time for the news on Channel 79.
It’s time for us to go home.
It’s time for us to go to bed.
It’s time for you to buy a new car.
It’s time my dream came true.
It’s time that you stopped wasting your youth on idle pastimes.
It’s time to be going.
It’s time to call in our chips.
It’s time to carry out the plan.
It’s time to change the bedsheets.
It’s time to eat lunch.
It’s time to eat something!
It’s time to eat.
It’s time to embrace new beginnings, leaving the past behind for both of us.
It’s time to get aboard.
It’s time to get down to business.
It’s time to get to work.
It’s time to get up.
It’s time to go home.
It’s time to go to bed.
It’s time to go to bed. Turn off the radio.
It’s time to go to school.
It’s time to go to sleep.
It’s time to go.
It’s time to hit the books.
It’s time to leave off work.
It’s time to leave.
It’s time to move in for the kill.
It’s time to move on from this chapter.
It’s time to pay up all your debts and close out your loan.
It’s time to plan ahead.
It’s time to put the plan in action.
It’s time to reflect on your past.
It’s time to refresh.
It’s time to separate.
It’s time to sleep.
It’s time to take a bath.
It’s time to tidy up the garden.
It’s time to water the plants.
It’s time to work now. Let’s get down to business.
It’s time we went home.
It’s time you faced reality.
It’s time you had a dose of your medicine.
It’s time you looked ahead.
It’s time you stood on your own two feet.
It’s time you stopped watching television.
It’s time you went to bed.
It’s time you went to the barber’s.
It’s to late to save Damiano.
It’s to see your face well.
It’s to your advantage to learn everything you can.
It’s to your credit that you told the truth.
It’s tomato soup.
It’s tomorrow that you’re leaving, isn’t it?
It’s too bad but we got pummeled at the soccer match.
It’s too bad she can’t come to the party.
It’s too bad she’s ill.
It’s too bad that I don’t need to lose weight.
It’s too bad that you are leaving here.
It’s too bad that you couldn’t come.
It’s too bad the college dining hall doesn’t have fig cookies.
It’s too bad, but your character gets killed at the start of the play.
It’s too big.
It’s too cold to go to the sea yet.
It’s too crowded in my room to do it.
It’s too dark to play baseball now.
It’s too dark to play outside.
It’s too dark to play tennis now.
It’s too difficult for me.
It’s too difficult.
It’s too early in the year for cherry blossoms to be out.
It’s too early to get up.
It’s too early to go swimming.
It’s too early to go to bed.
It’s too early to tell if Tom will be able to walk again.
It’s too expensive!
It’s too expensive.
It’s too far away.
It’s too far to walk to the station, so let’s take a bus.
It’s too good to be true.
It’s too hot for us to work.
It’s too hot.
It’s too large.
It’s too late for regrets.
It’s too late now.
It’s too late to apologize now.
It’s too late to back out now.
It’s too late to do anything about that now.
It’s too late to shut the barn door after the horse is stolen.
It’s too late to shut the stable door after the horse has bolted.
It’s too late to turn back now.
It’s too late, anyhow.
It’s too late. I’ll see you home.
It’s too loud.
It’s too much of a nuisance.
It’s too much trouble to walk there.
It’s too quiet.
It’s too small.
It’s too sunny to stay inside.
It’s tool late for Rodrigo to help Rima.
It’s totally dark outside.
It’s totally natural to feel bored at times.
It’s totally without precedent for the suspect’s attorney to be the true culprit.
It’s touch and go.
It’s tough to make predictions, especially about the future!
It’s tough to reassure you when jealousy has such a grip.
It’s traditionally been the case that generations get more conservative as they get older.
It’s trickier than it seems at first.
It’s troublesome that Internet Explorer’s stop icon looks like a shiitake mushroom.
It’s true that a ghost appeared at my house.
It’s true that he is in America.
It’s true that he is in love with her.
It’s true that he saw a monster.
It’s true that she knows a lot about cooking, but she isn’t a good cook.
It’s true that she’s dead.
It’s true that the project is a difficult task, but Mr Hara will be able to bring it off.
It’s true that there are fewer children due to the falling birthrate, and there are fewer children in the school, but that is all to the good.
It’s true!
It’s true.
It’s twenty past six.
It’s two blocks from here.
It’s two miles from here to the station.
It’s two o’clock in the afternoon.
It’s two pounds.
It’s two-hour drive from here to my uncle’s house.
It’s ugly, bright yellow and it doesn’t go with anything. But at least you won’t get run over in the dark!
It’s unbecoming to speak of money.
It’s unbelievable that he hasn’t met anyone special.
It’s unbelievable.
It’s uncertain if he’ll come.
It’s under the table.
It’s understood either way.
It’s unlike him to get so angry.
It’s unlikely she’s as clueless as you think.
It’s unlikely she’s as stupid as you think.
It’s unlikely she’s that stupid.
It’s unlikely that I’ll have time to finish this project before next week.
It’s unlikely that Tom will attend the meeting.
It’s unlikely that Tom will ever learn to play the mandolin.
It’s unlikely that Tom will ever return home.
It’s unlikely that Tom will get out of prison anytime soon.
It’s unlikely that a hacker could get into our website.
It’s unlikely that anyone besides Tom would consider taking that job.
It’s unlikely that anyone other than Tom would be interested in buying this.
It’s unlikely that anything serious will happen.
It’s unlikely that he did anything wrong.
It’s unlikely that our company will make a profit this year.
It’s unlikely that our team will win.
It’s unlikely that replacing the battery will fix the problem.
It’s unlikely that that movie will make a lot of money.
It’s unlikely that the boss would consider giving Tom a raise.
It’s unlikely that the next person who walks through that door will be wearing short pants.
It’s unlikely that the typhoon will hit before morning.
It’s unlikely that tomorrow’s meeting will last over an hour.
It’s unlikely that you’ll be successful if you don’t study a bit harder.
It’s unlikely that you’ll ever be able to convince him that he’s wrong.
It’s unsurprising that Yoko would have said something like that.
It’s unusual for him to get up early.
It’s unusual for him to stop halfway.
It’s up to Paul to finish the job.
It’s up to me whether I kill you or let you live!
It’s up to you to decide the matter.
It’s up to you to decide whether or not to go.
It’s up to you to decide.
It’s up to you to do it.
It’s up to you to get to school on time.
It’s up to you to make the decision.
It’s up to you.
It’s useless to keep on thinking any more.
It’s useless to talk to her. She won’t listen to you.
It’s useless to try and resist.
It’s vacation time.
It’s valid until March thirty-first, nineteen-ninety-seven.
It’s very big of you to admit you’re wrong.
It’s very big.
It’s very cold here in February.
It’s very cold now.
It’s very cold this winter.
It’s very cold today.
It’s very cold.
It’s very dangerous to swim in this river.
It’s very decent of you to help me.
It’s very difficult even for a Japanese to put on a kimono.
It’s very difficult to communicate with people from other cultures.
It’s very difficult to know yourself.
It’s very difficult to put things in order.
It’s very difficult to translate this word.
It’s very difficult to transport them overland, but simple to do so by sea.
It’s very easy to drink potato shochu now that the potato-like smell has been reduced to a low level through use of the latest biotechnology.
It’s very expensive.
It’s very frustrating to try to find your glasses when you can’t see anything without glasses.
It’s very good.
It’s very gray outside.
It’s very hard to get along with him.
It’s very hard to get rid of bad habits.
It’s very hard to understand yourself, let alone understand someone else.
It’s very hot here.
It’s very hot today, isn’t it?
It’s very hot today.
It’s very hot, isn’t it?
It’s very impolite of you to decline her invitation.
It’s very important to get enough rest.
It’s very important to keep your head if there’s an emergency.
It’s very important to know how to let off steam, living in this world.
It’s very important to respect the rules.
It’s very interesting that in Chinese the concept of tense does not exist.
It’s very kind of you to help me with my homework.
It’s very kind of you to help me.
It’s very kind of you to invite me to your birthday party.
It’s very kind of you to lend me an umbrella.
It’s very kind of you to put it that way.
It’s very kind of you to say so.
It’s very near. Its a five minute walk.
It’s very nice of you to help me.
It’s very onerous.
It’s very pleasant here in the mountains.
It’s very romantic!
It’s very rude of you to say a thing like that.
It’s very sensitive.
It’s very stuffy in here.
It’s very unlikely that I’ll be adding anything new to my website anytime soon.
It’s very unlikely that Tom acts that way at home.
It’s very unlikely that Tom survived the crash.
It’s very unlikely that Tom will agree to work for that salary.
It’s very unlikely that Tom will be fired.
It’s very unlikely that Tom will ever want to travel alone.
It’s very unlikely that Tom wrote this report.
It’s very unlikely that Tom’s children inherited anything from him.
It’s very unlikely that a serious art collector would ever buy anything from that source.
It’s very unlikely that any evidence will turn up to prove Tom’s guilt.
It’s very unlikely that he is actually the same man you met ten years ago.
It’s very unlikely that the teacher will believe Tom’s excuse for not having his homework done on time.
It’s very unlikely that we will ever find a solution to this problem.
It’s very unlikely that we will release a new album before next winter.
It’s very unlikely that you’ll ever see a horse around here.
It’s very warm. Shall I turn on the air conditioner?
It’s very windy and my hair got messed up.
It’s vogue to bash PHP.
It’s warm and cozy here.
It’s warm enough to swim.
It’s warm enough today to bring out a slight sweat.
It’s warm for this time of year.
It’s warm here all the year round.
It’s warm today so you can swim in the sea.
It’s warm today, isn’t it?
It’s warm today.
It’s wasteful to leave the land lying idle.
It’s way too hot inside...
It’s well done.
It’s well said that "You can’t judge people by their appearance", isn’t it?
It’s well worth it.
It’s well-known that spiders are not insects.
It’s what he painted.
It’s when you become able to move that the real value of health hits home.
It’s white.
It’s why we’ve launched a movement of women and men to fight campus sexual assault—because it’s on all of us to stop it.
It’s widely believed that the now-iconic “Earthrise” photo taken by Bill Anders on Apollo 8 in 1968 spurred the modern environmental protection movement that led to the first Earth Day.
It’s wild that he’s still not taken by anyone.
It’s windier today than it was yesterday.
It’s windy.
It’s within walking distance.
It’s wonderful to be here.
It’s wonderful!
It’s work.
It’s worth a fortune.
It’s worth a shot.
It’s worth a try, right?
It’s worth a try.
It’s worth going to Bali because you can see the amazing sunset.
It’s worth his salt.
It’s worth trying at all events.
It’s worthwhile carrying out the idea.
It’s worthwhile to visit both places.
It’s worthwhile visiting the old castles.
It’s written abazure (bitch). Surely this must mean a slut?
It’s wrong of you not to forgive him.
It’s wrong of you to talk back to her.
It’s wrong to deceive people, but worse to deceive yourself.
It’s you I’ll always love.
It’s you I’ve come for.
It’s you that she loves, not me.
It’s you who has broken our agreement.
It’s your birthday, isn’t it, Yuri?
It’s your book.
It’s your chance, make it count.
It’s your children who were late.
It’s your choice.
It’s your deal.
It’s your decision whether you go or stay.
It’s your decision.
It’s your duty to care for your parents regardless of the inconvenience.
It’s your first time doing this kind of work. You should follow the manual exactly until you get more experience.
It’s your move.
It’s your opportunity, don’t waste it.
It’s your special day today, and we wanted to send you a little note to wish you a happy birthday.
It’s your stereotyping.
It’s your turn next.
It’s your turn to answer the question.
It’s your turn to drive.
It’s your turn to sing.
It’s your turn.
It’s your turn. Please come this way.
Ivan Groznij wanted to move the Russian capital from Moscow to Vologda, but in Vologda a brick fell on him and he changed his mind.
Ivan IV (Ivan the Terrible) forced many Tatars to convert from Islam to Christianity.
Ivan Mazepa is not a traitor.
Ivan Mazepa wasn't a traitor.
Ivan Mazepa wasn’t a traitor.
Ivan Tsarevitch came to his father: "How can I marry the frog?" complained the son. "Is she my equal? Certainly she is not." 
"Never mind," replied his father, "you have to marry the frog, for such is evidently your destiny."
Ivan abused Rima in the worst ways.
Ivan abused Rima.
Ivan accidentally left his truck open.
Ivan adores Rima.
Ivan agreed to do it once.
Ivan allowed Rima to return to her home.
Ivan already has a favorite job.
Ivan already knows how to do it.
Ivan and Anna both felt sick.
Ivan and Rima agreed to go to the movies tomorrow.
Ivan and Rima are both cheats.
Ivan and Rima are heading to Algiers together to start their new life.
Ivan and Rima argued about that.
Ivan and Rima arranged a party to welcome their new neighbor.
Ivan and Rima arranged to have a date at the restaurant.
Ivan and Rima both started crying and they began to kiss each other.
Ivan and Rima continued to have fun together.
Ivan and Rima died in a car accident.
Ivan and Rima enjoyed their time alone in the empty store.
Ivan and Rima exchanged vows.
Ivan and Rima had a discussion.
Ivan and Rima had a good nap together.
Ivan and Rima had a pleasant chitchat.
Ivan and Rima have a strained relationship.
Ivan and Rima have not seen each other in weeks.
Ivan and Rima hugged.
Ivan and Rima loved each other.
Ivan and Rima parted ways.
Ivan and Rima started working together.
Ivan and Rima struggled for the possession of the book.
Ivan and Rima talked about their jobs.
Ivan and Rima tried to kiss.
Ivan and Rima used to read together.
Ivan and Rima were childhood friends.
Ivan and Rima were ready to have dinner.
Ivan and Rima were the only people in the salon.
Ivan and Rima will be adopted together.
Ivan and Walid started a fight that ended badly for Ivan.
Ivan apologized for his language.
Ivan apologized for what he did with Rima.
Ivan appeared behind Rima.
Ivan appeared down the path, making his way towards Anna.
Ivan appeared on Rima’s show.
Ivan appeared to be the leader of the bully gang at school.
Ivan approached the couple and introduced himself.
Ivan approached.
Ivan arrived an hour late.
Ivan arrived and invited Rima to a party.
Ivan arrived at his destination.
Ivan arrived at the house.
Ivan arrived at the restroom.
Ivan arrived at the scene and started blaming Rima.
Ivan arrived here on the seventh of May.
Ivan arrived home, carrying Christmas presents for everyone.
Ivan arrived on the scene.
Ivan arrived to see Rima.
Ivan asked Anna something very strange.
Ivan asked Anna to the dance.
Ivan asked Rima about a book about hypnotism.
Ivan asked Rima about her friendships.
Ivan asked Rima about that man.
Ivan asked Rima about what she was doing there in the morning.
Ivan asked Rima if she would like to come with him to Algiers.
Ivan asked Rima questions.
Ivan asked Rima to come in.
Ivan asked Rima to come with him.
Ivan asked Rima to dress in a different outfit every day.
Ivan asked Rima to drink the alcohol.
Ivan asked Rima to find something for him to do.
Ivan asked Rima to get Walid out of the house instantly.
Ivan asked Rima to help him with hypnosis.
Ivan asked Rima to kick Walid out of the house.
Ivan asked Rima to leave Walid alone.
Ivan asked Rima to open the door and let him in.
Ivan asked Rima to perform for his friends.
Ivan asked Rima to return to her home.
Ivan asked Rima to take a bath.
Ivan asked Rima to tell the truth.
Ivan asked Rima what happened.
Ivan asked Rima what she remembered.
Ivan asked Rima what she wanted.
Ivan asked Rima when she planned to return.
Ivan asked Rima where Walid went.
Ivan asked Rima why she was behaving like that.
Ivan asked Rima why she was running away from Walid.
Ivan asked around and people told him it was Thursday.
Ivan asked everyone about Rima.
Ivan asked for Rima.
Ivan asked for Rima’s assistance.
Ivan asked to see the letter.
Ivan assembled a manikin.
Ivan ate pancakes.
Ivan ate some food he brought.
Ivan attached his tent to his backpack.
Ivan attacked Rima from behind with a crowbar.
Ivan attacked Rima multiple times.
Ivan attacked Rima with a knife.
Ivan attacked Rima’s grandma.
Ivan attempted to blackmail Rima.
Ivan attempted to find Rima.
Ivan attempted to get out.
Ivan attempted to hang himself.
Ivan attempted to hypnotize Rima.
Ivan attempted to kill Rima.
Ivan avenged his mother’s death.
Ivan avoids that bathroom due to his fear of germs.
Ivan beat Rima.
Ivan became extremely happy.
Ivan became human.
Ivan became pissed and left the room.
Ivan became reclusive.
Ivan became sad.
Ivan began screaming at Anna to give him the wallet back.
Ivan began to make his way down the trail.
Ivan began to make his way for the exit.
Ivan began to search for the pictures.
Ivan began walking again.
Ivan began walking back down the way he came.
Ivan began watching the film.
Ivan begged Rima to come and work with him.
Ivan behaved properly with Rima.
Ivan bit his lip.
Ivan blamed Rima.
Ivan bought Rima a new doll.
Ivan bought some hiking clothes.
Ivan broke off his engagement to Rima.
Ivan brought Rima her homemade lunch.
Ivan brought a bottle of champagne to Rima’s house.
Ivan burst into the dining room, yelling at the kids.
Ivan called Rima "my love."
Ivan called Rima and told her everything.
Ivan called his father.
Ivan called his son to let him know.
Ivan called off the investigation.
Ivan called one of his friends to tell him.
Ivan called out to Rima.
Ivan came across Rima, too.
Ivan came back to his truck to grab his stuff.
Ivan came forward with new demands.
Ivan came into the library.
Ivan came out from there.
Ivan came the rescue.
Ivan came to confront Walid.
Ivan came upon Rima’s body.
Ivan can help.
Ivan can meet Rima as well.
Ivan can only arrive there after the sun goes down.
Ivan can see the ghost spirits.
Ivan can take no more.
Ivan can visit Rima any time.
Ivan cannot prove he was hypnotized.
Ivan can’t afford it.
Ivan can’t fly as fast as the others.
Ivan can’t trust Rima.
Ivan carried out an investigation on the property.
Ivan caught Rima and started beating her.
Ivan caused Rima to fall into the water.
Ivan caused Rima to sleep.
Ivan caused harm.
Ivan chastises Rima for stealing his money.
Ivan cheated.
Ivan checked Rima’s record.
Ivan checked his closet.
Ivan checked into a fancy hotel room.
Ivan chose to celebrate that evening.
Ivan claimed he served with Walid in the military.
Ivan cleaned up the mess.
Ivan cleared his throat and plucked up the courage to ask Anna out.
Ivan closed the door on Rima.
Ivan closed the radio.
Ivan collapsed.
Ivan comes home last every night.
Ivan committed suicide, too.
Ivan complained about Rima to the teacher.
Ivan complained about Rima.
Ivan complained about the food.
Ivan complained to the head teacher about Walid’s bullying.
Ivan completed a partial translation of the book.
Ivan completed the ritual.
Ivan confronted Rima with the truth.
Ivan continued down the hiking trail.
Ivan continued his plan to steal the jewelry.
Ivan continued on in the opposite direction.
Ivan continued studying the book.
Ivan continued that way.
Ivan continued to badmouth Rima.
Ivan continued to come to Rima’s house regularly.
Ivan continued to study the job.
Ivan could make it tonight.
Ivan could see in Anna's eyes that she was getting mad.
Ivan couldn't relate to anyone.
Ivan couldn’t believe it.
Ivan couldn’t take off the mask.
Ivan covered Rima with a blanket and hugged her.
Ivan cursed Rima.
Ivan decided to fire Rima.
Ivan decided to go to Rima’s house and help her.
Ivan decided to go.
Ivan decided to stay silent.
Ivan delivered Walid’s final message to his wife, Rima.
Ivan deserves to die.
Ivan developed a soft spot in his heart for dogs.
Ivan devised a new series of tests.
Ivan dialled the number.
Ivan did not recognize Rima right away.
Ivan didn't bring his wallet with him.
Ivan didn't have a backpack on.
Ivan didn't take Rima with him.
Ivan didn't want that man to think that he was alone.
Ivan didn't want to interact with Anna.
Ivan didn't want to run into that man again.
Ivan didn't want to talk to Anna in class.
Ivan didn’t do that out of love.
Ivan didn’t know where the tracking chip was.
Ivan didn’t like that bar.
Ivan didn’t listen to Rima.
Ivan didn’t remember a thing.
Ivan didn’t seem upset.
Ivan didn’t spend the night with Rima.
Ivan didn’t tell Rima anything about Walid.
Ivan died ages ago.
Ivan died due to an overdose of drugs.
Ivan died from his wounds soon after.
Ivan died from leukemia.
Ivan died of cancer five years ago.
Ivan disagreed.
Ivan disappeared before Rima and her mom arrived.
Ivan disappeared in a cloud of smoke.
Ivan disappeared outside.
Ivan discovered Rima’s new address.
Ivan discovered a leak in the basement.
Ivan distracted Rima while Walid went to wake Skura.
Ivan does his job.
Ivan does not answer those questions.
Ivan does not care about anything other than consuming drugs.
Ivan does not like Rima.
Ivan doesn't have a lot of friends at school.
Ivan doesn't have to talk to anyone.
Ivan doesn't take good care of himself, and it shows, because he's a lot younger than he looks.
Ivan doesn't usually care about that sort of thing.
Ivan doesn’t even know who Rima is.
Ivan doesn’t have anyone in his life.
Ivan doesn’t know what rejection means.
Ivan doesn’t know where Rima is.
Ivan doesn’t pick up.
Ivan doesn’t really love Rima.
Ivan doesn’t want Rima to talk to any boy.
Ivan doesn’t want to be late for the competition.
Ivan dreamed of falling off a cliff.
Ivan dreamed of intimacy with Rima.
Ivan dreamt of the same sleeping lady.
Ivan dropped the book.
Ivan dropped to the ground, screaming.
Ivan drove to Rima’s house.
Ivan drove to the nearest gas station where he called the cops.
Ivan eats nutritious meals.
Ivan encouraged the children to enter the talent contest.
Ivan engineered the accident.
Ivan enjoyed his life.
Ivan enjoyed the nice weather of Algeria.
Ivan enquired about Rima with Walid.
Ivan ensured that Rima and Walid never met.
Ivan entered Rima’s house.
Ivan entered Rima’s place and found everything scattered on the floor.
Ivan entered a room.
Ivan entered a study.
Ivan entered the other room along with Rima.
Ivan entered the room and found Rima’s body.
Ivan entered the shrine.
Ivan entered the studio.
Ivan enticed Rima’s dog away with a treat.
Ivan escaped from his cage.
Ivan even smells like Rima’s husband.
Ivan examined Rima’s scars.
Ivan examined the documents.
Ivan experienced a strange vision.
Ivan experienced more pain.
Ivan explained that Rima was not his real daughter.
Ivan explained the movie.
Ivan explained the situation.
Ivan explained what was happening to Rima.
Ivan failed.
Ivan feels unpopular at school.
Ivan fell asleep pretty fast.
Ivan fell down a wooden latter.
Ivan fell from the cliff.
Ivan fell to the floor and became unconscious.
Ivan felt a bit annoyed that Anna didn't come.
Ivan felt embarrassed.
Ivan felt like his head was going to explode.
Ivan felt pity for the poor dog.
Ivan felt really stupid.
Ivan felt really uneasy about Anna.
Ivan felt that he had a connection with Rima.
Ivan felt the presence of a ghost spirit.
Ivan finally opened the door.
Ivan finally reached Rima.
Ivan finished Rima with a hammer.
Ivan fired Rima as he was taken away by the police officers.
Ivan flirted a bit with the waitress.
Ivan followed Rima to talk to her.
Ivan followed after Anna.
Ivan forced Walid to invite Rima to a party.
Ivan forced himself on Rima.
Ivan forgot how he was tortured.
Ivan forgot to help Rima with piano practice.
Ivan forgot to pack a flashlight.
Ivan found Rima kissing her doll.
Ivan found Rima standing there.
Ivan found Rima stealing good for her dog.
Ivan found Walid and fought him.
Ivan found a diary.
Ivan found a hypnotism book at the library.
Ivan found a new therapist.
Ivan found a nice flat area where he pitched his small tent.
Ivan found an address in Algiers.
Ivan found dead dogs there.
Ivan found out information about Rima’s true identity.
Ivan found out information about the real Rima.
Ivan found out some more information about Rima.
Ivan found the dog in pain.
Ivan found weapons with Rima’s name on them.
Ivan gave Rima a bracelet.
Ivan gave Rima a cup of coffee.
Ivan gave Rima a gold locket.
Ivan gave Rima a locket.
Ivan gave Rima a promotion.
Ivan gave Rima fresh clothes.
Ivan gave Rima some advice about how to deal with toxic co-workers.
Ivan gave Rima the book.
Ivan got a call from an unknown number.
Ivan got a call from his office.
Ivan got a job at a prestigious firm.
Ivan got a little tired and hungry.
Ivan got a message from the same girl.
Ivan got admitted to the school.
Ivan got all dressed up.
Ivan got angry after hearing that.
Ivan got angry and started making a scene.
Ivan got another call.
Ivan got beaten horribly.
Ivan got beaten.
Ivan got bullied again.
Ivan got his words right.
Ivan got in Rima’s car.
Ivan got inside.
Ivan got into the elevator.
Ivan got more worried.
Ivan got out of his tent and looked around.
Ivan got out of the truck and locked it.
Ivan got pinned to the ground by his dad.
Ivan got really scared.
Ivan got spotted by Rima.
Ivan got to the campsite and set up his tent.
Ivan got to work.
Ivan got up angrily and went upstairs.
Ivan grabbed Rima and kissed her.
Ivan grabbed a spoon and stabbed Rima with it.
Ivan grabbed his gun and went to investigate.
Ivan had a chip embedded in his skin.
Ivan had a job in Algeria for a week.
Ivan had a job that allowed him to travel a lot.
Ivan had a little backpack.
Ivan had a look at the beautiful ocean nearby.
Ivan had a pretty expensive truck.
Ivan had a session with a hypnotherapist.
Ivan had a vision of Rima.
Ivan had four huge scars on his back.
Ivan had hardly any friends at all.
Ivan had no options left.
Ivan had the house surveyed.
Ivan had the mansion surveyed.
Ivan had the same idea as Anna.
Ivan had the weekend off.
Ivan had to stay in Algeria for an extra day before his flight.
Ivan handed Rima a balloon.
Ivan handed Rima a gun.
Ivan has a Russian dog.
Ivan has a better idea.
Ivan has a dangerous weapon.
Ivan has a group of friends he goes hiking with a lot.
Ivan has a picture of his family.
Ivan has a rather sad life.
Ivan has already been on dozens of camping trips.
Ivan has already occupied the shower.
Ivan has been alive all along.
Ivan has been arrested for possessing the weapon that killed Rima.
Ivan has been horrible to the children.
Ivan has been injured for a fifth time.
Ivan has been talking about the house.
Ivan has been turned into a demon.
Ivan has brought a gun with him.
Ivan has brought some food.
Ivan has come to steal Rima’s safe.
Ivan has died of a heart attack.
Ivan has fallen under Rima’s spell.
Ivan has five million followers on Facebook.
Ivan has footage of Rima kissing Walid.
Ivan has found a weapon.
Ivan has friends who really love him.
Ivan has left the salon.
Ivan has left.
Ivan has money in the safe.
Ivan has never celebrated Yennayer.
Ivan has probably been hypnotized.
Ivan has sleep paralysis whenever he has that dream.
Ivan has the book.
Ivan has the same build as Walid.
Ivan has to leave.
Ivan has to move out of the house because he can’t afford it anymore.
Ivan has to stay behind.
Ivan has transformed into a plastic manikin.
Ivan has woken up.
Ivan hasn’t heard from Rima.
Ivan headed for the main power unit to shut it down.
Ivan headed to the Yazids house.
Ivan headed towards the school.
Ivan healed quickly.
Ivan heard Rima’s scream.
Ivan heard a door shut.
Ivan heard a knock at his door.
Ivan heard a noise.
Ivan heard about Walid asking Anna out.
Ivan heard everything.
Ivan heard loud running footsteps coming towards him.
Ivan heard noises coming from the wardrobe.
Ivan heard some thumping sounds coming from a box.
Ivan heard the footsteps fade out.
Ivan heard the footsteps going away.
Ivan heard the same noise again.
Ivan heard the spirits.
Ivan heard the words from Rima.
Ivan heard voices coming from behind his tent.
Ivan heard voices outside.
Ivan helped Rima unbutton her dress.
Ivan hid in the pyramid.
Ivan hiked a five-mile trail.
Ivan hiked a pretty known trail.
Ivan hiked the trail on a rainy day.
Ivan hired Rima.
Ivan hit Rima in the face.
Ivan hit the brakes.
Ivan hold on to the railing.
Ivan hypnotized Rima into thinking that she should replace Skura.
Ivan hypnotized everyone.
Ivan hypnotized his patient.
Ivan hypnotized his staff.
Ivan hypnotized the teacher into being his friend.
Ivan hypnotized the thieves.
Ivan immediately fell in love with Rima’s art.
Ivan immediately rushed to Rima’s house.
Ivan immediately suspected that Rima was behind it.
Ivan immediately warned Rima to be careful.
Ivan immediately went to Rima’s house.
Ivan inherited the property.
Ivan initially refused but then agreed.
Ivan injected Rima with a stimulant.
Ivan insisted on calling Rima.
Ivan inspected Rima’s house.
Ivan instructed Rima to go home.
Ivan intended to find out what happened.
Ivan introduced Rima as the neighbor’s child.
Ivan invited Rima to come over to his house.
Ivan invited Rima to his house.
Ivan is a dog handler.
Ivan is a hotel manager.
Ivan is a loser.
Ivan is a member of the bully gang.
Ivan is a police academy instructor.
Ivan is a silly boss.
Ivan is a surveyor.
Ivan is afraid of spiders.
Ivan is all good.
Ivan is allergic to sesame oil.
Ivan is alone with Rima.
Ivan is also a policeman.
Ivan is also in the picture.
Ivan is an Algerian hypnotherapist.
Ivan is an Algerian hypnotist.
Ivan is an Algerian stylist.
Ivan is an intruder in Rima’s domain.
Ivan is another patient.
Ivan is around.
Ivan is at his new job.
Ivan is aware of everything.
Ivan is aware of who he is.
Ivan is beardless.
Ivan is being hospitalized.
Ivan is cautious when hiking or camping.
Ivan is choking.
Ivan is coming to stay with Rima.
Ivan is currently working with Rima.
Ivan is dancing like a homosexual.
Ivan is dead as well.
Ivan is emotionally attached to one of his patients.
Ivan is even more shy than Anna.
Ivan is experiencing something similar.
Ivan is experiencing stress.
Ivan is from Walid’s military unit.
Ivan is getting out of there.
Ivan is going to be taken care of.
Ivan is here for the job.
Ivan is in the van.
Ivan is into chubby girls.
Ivan is just the librarian.
Ivan is kind of shy.
Ivan is looking after everyone now.
Ivan is no longer hypnotized.
Ivan is not going to boarding school.
Ivan is not going to leave Rima.
Ivan is not leaving.
Ivan is obsessed with dog wresting.
Ivan is our client from Algeria.
Ivan is outside the house.
Ivan is performing hypnosis on Rima.
Ivan is planning something big.
Ivan is still waiting for Rima.
Ivan is stuck in a boring job.
Ivan is the head teacher.
Ivan is the librarian.
Ivan is the main character of the movie.
Ivan is the most famous decorator in town.
Ivan is the school principal.
Ivan is wearing civilian clothes.
Ivan isn't into gaming.
Ivan isn't obsessed about books and grades.
Ivan isn’t going anywhere.
Ivan isn’t working right now.
Ivan jumped into the air and sprouted wings.
Ivan jumped off the bridge into the river.
Ivan jumped off the bridge.
Ivan just listened to Anna.
Ivan just stood and watched Anna.
Ivan just wants Rima.
Ivan keeps a watchful eye on his goats, ensuring they stay together and graze well.
Ivan kept on beating Rima.
Ivan kept on dancing like no one was looking at him.
Ivan killed Rima as well.
Ivan killed his clients.
Ivan killed his parents.
Ivan killed several people and then escaped.
Ivan killed the last soldier, leaving only Rima alive.
Ivan killed the last soldier.
Ivan kissed Anna's eyes.
Ivan kissed Rima and left blood on her lips.
Ivan knew about Rima.
Ivan knew he had to ask Anna out.
Ivan knows about Rima’s special powers.
Ivan landed on Rima.
Ivan lay low for four years.
Ivan leaned in and kissed Rima on the forehead.
Ivan leaned over to kiss Rima.
Ivan learned that Rima and Walid worked together.
Ivan left Rima a locket.
Ivan left Rima behind.
Ivan left Rima in front of her home.
Ivan left for home.
Ivan left his tent and camping gear behind.
Ivan left immediately.
Ivan left in a hurry.
Ivan left the book for Rima to find.
Ivan left the building without Rima.
Ivan left the place without any violence.
Ivan left with Rima.
Ivan let Rima help him.
Ivan let Rima stay with him.
Ivan let his parents down.
Ivan lied about his injuries.
Ivan lied in the tent and tried to get some sleep.
Ivan likes lifting weights.
Ivan listened to the footsteps moving towards him.
Ivan listened to the recording.
Ivan lit some candles.
Ivan lived in the house in 2004.
Ivan locked Rima in a cell.
Ivan locked the doors.
Ivan looked a bit sad.
Ivan looked around and found Rima.
Ivan looked around and saw Rima.
Ivan looked as if he had seen something frightening.
Ivan looked at Anna with absolutely no emotion.
Ivan looked at a picture of Rima.
Ivan looked at the wallet more closely.
Ivan lost consciousness.
Ivan lost control of the car.
Ivan loves Rima very much.
Ivan loves to spend time with Rima.
Ivan made Rima a job offer.
Ivan made Rima feel special.
Ivan made Rima wear a mask.
Ivan made a donation to the orphanage.
Ivan made the company look bad.
Ivan managed to escape before the house exploded.
Ivan managed to escape briefly but got caught very soon.
Ivan managed to escape with Rima.
Ivan managed to finish Rima off.
Ivan messed up his relationship with Rima.
Ivan met Rima in the main corridor.
Ivan met Rima’s father.
Ivan met a lady called Rima.
Ivan met a man named Walid.
Ivan mimicked Walid’s looks.
Ivan mimicked Walid’s mannerisms.
Ivan missed it all.
Ivan molested Rima.
Ivan mourned the loss of his son.
Ivan must go and look for Rima.
Ivan must not communicate with the demons.
Ivan named his dog "Arrowhead."
Ivan needed to examine that.
Ivan needs an incredibly expensive heart transplant.
Ivan needs the book to do that.
Ivan needs to be disciplined.
Ivan needs to bring Rima back before Yennayer.
Ivan needs to cut back on alcohol.
Ivan needs to develop independence.
Ivan needs to figure out what all this means.
Ivan needs to get Rima back from school.
Ivan needs to keep himself under control.
Ivan needs to see the world around him for what it truly is.
Ivan never speaks.
Ivan never talks to his siblings.
Ivan noticed Rima and Walid arguing nearby.
Ivan noticed Rima at school.
Ivan noticed Rima’s back that was full of bruises.
Ivan noticed a beautiful schoolgirl named Rima.
Ivan noticed a man touching a woman inappropriately.
Ivan noticed a trail of blood on the floor and followed it.
Ivan noticed the box.
Ivan noticed the scars on Rima’s back.
Ivan noticed the van in the garage of the building.
Ivan offered Rima a cookie.
Ivan offered Rima a smoke which she accepted.
Ivan offered Rima some food to eat.
Ivan offered Rima to stay for a few more days.
Ivan offered to help Rima with anything she needed.
Ivan offered to take Rima home.
Ivan often goes to trade exhibitions.
Ivan only does so when he is drunk.
Ivan opened the door to unveil some more rooms.
Ivan opened the wallet up.
Ivan opened up about his life.
Ivan ordered a flight prepared.
Ivan ordered his dog to come near.
Ivan ordered the robot to attack Rima.
Ivan overheard Rima’s plans.
Ivan overheard an argument that Rima was having on the phone.
Ivan packed his hiking clothes.
Ivan packed the bags quickly and got ready to leave.
Ivan paid Rima to check on his family.
Ivan passionately explained his work.
Ivan performed experiments on Rima.
Ivan persuaded Rima to come.
Ivan picked up snacks and left without paying for them.
Ivan picked up the keys from Anna's hand.
Ivan planned to go to the store.
Ivan plans to steal the jewelry tomorrow.
Ivan pointed his gun at Rima.
Ivan praised Rima’s natural beauty.
Ivan pretended to be unconscious.
Ivan probably killed Rima.
Ivan produced a weapon.
Ivan promised Rima a higher wage.
Ivan promised Rima to visit her soon.
Ivan promoted Rima to vice-president of the department store.
Ivan proposed Rima a romantic walk in the park.
Ivan pulled in with a different car.
Ivan punched the drug addict in the face.
Ivan pushed Rima outside and closed the door.
Ivan pushed Rima through a window.
Ivan pushed the plate towards Rima.
Ivan put Rima there for a reason.
Ivan put Rima to sleep.
Ivan put himself into a trance.
Ivan put his finger between the legs of the doll and started massaging its private parts.
Ivan put his headphones in and went to school.
Ivan put on Rima the bracelet.
Ivan quickly caught up to Rima.
Ivan quickly created an explosive.
Ivan quickly incapacitated all of Walid’s men.
Ivan quickly introduced himself.
Ivan quickly unlocked the truck.
Ivan ran away in total fear.
Ivan ran back onto the path.
Ivan ran inside the building.
Ivan ran out of the building.
Ivan ran outside.
Ivan ran over to Anna's tent and shook her awake.
Ivan ran straight to the driver's side door.
Ivan reached Rima’s place of residence.
Ivan reached a room and locked himself in side.
Ivan reached an abandoned building.
Ivan reached his home.
Ivan reached the basement.
Ivan read a note that disturbed him.
Ivan reappeared in front of Rima.
Ivan reassured Rima that Walid cared about her.
Ivan received a call from his mom.
Ivan received a standing ovation.
Ivan recognized the music playing.
Ivan recognized the room.
Ivan recognized the statue as the source of the haunting.
Ivan recorded his session with Rima.
Ivan regained consciousness.
Ivan released the girl.
Ivan remembered the dream.
Ivan remembers all the lost time.
Ivan removed his clothes.
Ivan removed the evidence before leaving the crime scene.
Ivan removed the mask.
Ivan replaced Walid on the show.
Ivan rescued Rima.
Ivan returned to inform Rima about his discovery.
Ivan returned to the bedroom.
Ivan returned to the library.
Ivan returned with a bucket.
Ivan revealed that he had lost another job.
Ivan reveals secrets to strangers.
Ivan ruined the moment.
Ivan rushed to the place.
Ivan said he could hear a noise.
Ivan said he was not interested.
Ivan said it was too dangerous to go back to the house.
Ivan said something strange happened.
Ivan said there was nothing inside the building.
Ivan sang a song in front of the Christmas tree.
Ivan sang his song.
Ivan sang love songs for Rima.
Ivan sat at the dressing table.
Ivan sat down to have a snack.
Ivan sat down to read a book.
Ivan saved Rima’s life from imminent death.
Ivan saved himself.
Ivan saved his dog from drowning.
Ivan saw Rima drive by.
Ivan saw Rima going to the shrine.
Ivan saw Rima’s ghost.
Ivan saw Rima’s picture in Walid’s diary.
Ivan saw a girl being attacked by a guy.
Ivan saw a jinn.
Ivan saw a masked girl there.
Ivan saw ghosts.
Ivan saw the ghost of Rima.
Ivan saw the manikin.
Ivan scared everyone.
Ivan screamed in horror.
Ivan searched for Rima.
Ivan seemed angry with Rima.
Ivan seemed surprised.
Ivan seemed to enjoy himself.
Ivan set up his tent by a huge oak tree.
Ivan sheltered from the rain.
Ivan shivered in horror.
Ivan shot Rima with a rifle.
Ivan shot a video of Rima.
Ivan should be able to access the museum with his hypnotic skills.
Ivan should be able to access the vault.
Ivan should be released.
Ivan should have seen Rima when she started painting.
Ivan should trust Rima.
Ivan should write a report.
Ivan shouted at Rima that she would regret it.
Ivan shouted back that he had nothing to do with Anna.
Ivan showed Rima a picture of her father.
Ivan showed Rima a picture of that man.
Ivan showed Rima around the beautiful building.
Ivan showed Rima pictures that he took at that house.
Ivan showed Rima the room she would be staying in.
Ivan showed Rima the shrine.
Ivan showed love to the dog.
Ivan showed up at the party to speak with Rima.
Ivan showed up behind Rima.
Ivan shut the computer.
Ivan slapped Rima.
Ivan slashed Rima’s stomach.
Ivan slept on the couch.
Ivan spent the rest of the evening practicing.
Ivan spoke with a guy named Walid.
Ivan spoke with other demons.
Ivan spotted Rima in the restroom.
Ivan spread his wings.
Ivan sprouted wings and flew away.
Ivan stared at Rima menacingly.
Ivan started abusing Rima.
Ivan started beating Rima.
Ivan started changing his clothes.
Ivan started copying the choreography.
Ivan started crawling at Rima.
Ivan started dragging his motorcycle along the way.
Ivan started following Rima.
Ivan started having fun with Rima.
Ivan started his way towards the office.
Ivan started making his way down the hiking trail.
Ivan started roaming around.
Ivan started scolding Rima.
Ivan started shooting at Rima.
Ivan started the lorry.
Ivan started to attack Rima.
Ivan started to break everything around.
Ivan started to bully Walid very badly.
Ivan started to eat.
Ivan started to get a little paranoid.
Ivan started to hear voices in his head.
Ivan started to hypnotize the audience.
Ivan stayed away from Rima.
Ivan stepped out of the metro very cautiously.
Ivan still has the necklace that Rima gave him.
Ivan stole Rima’s manikin.
Ivan stole all the female manikins in the store.
Ivan stole an aquarium with various fish.
Ivan stole the jewels.
Ivan stopped Rima from doing that.
Ivan stopped Rima midway.
Ivan stopped harassing Rima.
Ivan stormed in and started yelling at everyone.
Ivan stormed into the police station.
Ivan stormed outside the restaurant.
Ivan succumbed to his injuries.
Ivan suddenly appeared nearby.
Ivan suddenly discovered the book underneath the radiator.
Ivan suddenly heard someone outside.
Ivan suddenly received a call from his lawyer.
Ivan swam so badly.
Ivan swam through an opening.
Ivan talked about everything.
Ivan talked about his life.
Ivan talked to a manikin.
Ivan taught Rima how to warm her hands.
Ivan texted Rima to ask her where she was.
Ivan thanked God for uniting him with his true love.
Ivan thanked Rima for her heroism.
Ivan the Terrible killed his son in 1581.
Ivan the Terrible was the first Russian tsar.
Ivan thinks Rima has gone crazy.
Ivan thought Anna was going with Boris.
Ivan thought it was a good idea.
Ivan thought nothing of it.
Ivan threw his bomb at Walid’s men and it exploded.
Ivan threw the box to the floor.
Ivan threw the guitar at Rima and left.
Ivan tied Rima’s hands and legs.
Ivan told Rima about Walid’s death.
Ivan told Rima about Walid’s suspicions.
Ivan told Rima about his problems.
Ivan told Rima about it.
Ivan told Rima about the book.
Ivan told Rima about the new job.
Ivan told Rima about the recording.
Ivan told Rima not to look for Walid.
Ivan told Rima not to worry.
Ivan told Rima thanks and goodbye.
Ivan told Rima that Walid was a magical therapist.
Ivan told Rima that he had met Gandhi.
Ivan told Rima that he was not in love with her.
Ivan told Rima that she did well.
Ivan told Rima to have some food.
Ivan told Rima to hide.
Ivan told Rima to lay low until.
Ivan told Rima to relax.
Ivan told Rima to sit down and she did.
Ivan told Rima to stay.
Ivan told Rima to trust him.
Ivan told Rima what happened tonight.
Ivan told Rima what she had to do.
Ivan told Rima who her bad friends were.
Ivan told the investigators that he had lied to them previously.
Ivan took Rima and followed his friends to a local bar.
Ivan took Rima downstairs.
Ivan took Rima outside the shrine.
Ivan took Rima shopping.
Ivan took Rima to a shrine.
Ivan took Rima to a store room.
Ivan took a bus to Algiers.
Ivan took a taxi to the movies.
Ivan took free soup home.
Ivan took his dog to a battle tournament.
Ivan took no action against Rima.
Ivan took out the knife and stabbed himself.
Ivan took responsibility.
Ivan took the book.
Ivan took the kids away for a nap.
Ivan took the money.
Ivan took the petition money and ran away.
Ivan took the robot to a warehouse to destroy it.
Ivan trained the dog to fight.
Ivan translated the meaning of the note.
Ivan treated his dog’s wound.
Ivan tried his best to enjoy the hike.
Ivan tried his best to enjoy the walk.
Ivan tried his best to escape.
Ivan tried his best to save himself.
Ivan tried his best to stop Rima.
Ivan tried to ask Rima a few questions.
Ivan tried to break in.
Ivan tried to bring Rima back.
Ivan tried to collect information about that school.
Ivan tried to convince Rima.
Ivan tried to cut in line.
Ivan tried to escape.
Ivan tried to go back to sleep.
Ivan tried to pursue Rima.
Ivan tried to question Rima about the accident.
Ivan tried to shoot Rima but failed.
Ivan tried to stop thinking about that guy.
Ivan turned into a statue again.
Ivan turned off the lights.
Ivan turned on his YouTube notifications.
Ivan turned on the truck.
Ivan turned to go home.
Ivan unzipped the front of the tent and looked out.
Ivan uploaded the pics on social media.
Ivan urged Rima to go alone.
Ivan used a stapler on Walid’s stomach.
Ivan used the power of hypnosis.
Ivan used to work at a convenience store in his hometown.
Ivan used to work in a pet shop.
Ivan usually hiked with a group of friends.
Ivan viciously attacked Rima.
Ivan visited Rima for the first time.
Ivan visited Rima last night.
Ivan visited the restroom alone.
Ivan visits Rima.
Ivan waited for the sun to go down.
Ivan waited for the sun to set.
Ivan waited in line.
Ivan walked through a grassy field.
Ivan walked towards the cabinet to inspect.
Ivan wanted Rima to do him a favor.
Ivan wanted to find more information about Rima.
Ivan wanted to get some relief from his stressful work life.
Ivan wanted to marry his true love.
Ivan wanted to prove to Rima that Walid was a real person.
Ivan wanted to rob Anna.
Ivan wanted to stay away from home.
Ivan wanted to try.
Ivan wants to bring Rima to work for him.
Ivan wants to hunt a Sasquatch.
Ivan wants to take some rest.
Ivan warned Rima not to even think to leave the house.
Ivan was a beggar.
Ivan was a director.
Ivan was a little creepy.
Ivan was a part of a medical military experiment.
Ivan was a relative.
Ivan was a young college student.
Ivan was abandoned at birth.
Ivan was about to be killed.
Ivan was about to enter the house.
Ivan was about to kiss Rima.
Ivan was about to leave.
Ivan was about to touch Rima’s chest.
Ivan was affected by the death of his grandmother.
Ivan was alive again.
Ivan was arrested and taken to the police station.
Ivan was arrested for a reason.
Ivan was at a children’s party.
Ivan was at a local market.
Ivan was at a military meeting.
Ivan was at an apartment not very far from here.
Ivan was attacked by a demon.
Ivan was attacked by a guy named Walid.
Ivan was attempting to help Rima with some of her homework.
Ivan was auditioning singers and dancers for his show.
Ivan was barely conscious.
Ivan was behind all the murders.
Ivan was being bullied.
Ivan was being hypnotized.
Ivan was being interviewed.
Ivan was brushing his teeth.
Ivan was bullied by Walid.
Ivan was called to the scene.
Ivan was carrying a box of water bottles carefully.
Ivan was caught after five long years.
Ivan was chased by men with flashlights.
Ivan was chased by police officers.
Ivan was coming.
Ivan was concerned about Rima’s injuries.
Ivan was cornered by Walid’s men.
Ivan was crushed by the walls that closed in on him.
Ivan was crying alone.
Ivan was cursed by a jinn.
Ivan was dancing in the middle of the road.
Ivan was dead on the floor.
Ivan was deceived.
Ivan was delighted by the result.
Ivan was done with work.
Ivan was drawing a sketch of Rima.
Ivan was drinking heavily.
Ivan was driving in the wrong lane.
Ivan was fighting in a war overseas.
Ivan was fired afterwards.
Ivan was five or six hours down the trail.
Ivan was found dead in the middle of the forest.
Ivan was found dead.
Ivan was given a sedative.
Ivan was giving everyone balloons.
Ivan was glad that Rima was there with him.
Ivan was going to buy tofu.
Ivan was happy he was able to make it out safe.
Ivan was having breakfast when Rima walked in.
Ivan was hiking a crowded trail.
Ivan was hiking a very popular trail.
Ivan was in a cage.
Ivan was in a hospital room.
Ivan was in an office building.
Ivan was in fact an illegal immigrant.
Ivan was in front of them.
Ivan was in the clinic.
Ivan was in the dressing room.
Ivan was in the metro.
Ivan was inside the washroom.
Ivan was inspecting the building.
Ivan was jogging in Anna's direction.
Ivan was joined by another group of hunters.
Ivan was just a few feet from Anna's tent.
Ivan was just this annoying third wheel the whole time.
Ivan was keeping a low profile.
Ivan was killing everyone.
Ivan was kind-hearted.
Ivan was late to the party.
Ivan was limping out of the building.
Ivan was looking around frequently.
Ivan was luckily saved by Rima.
Ivan was lucky to get out of there safe.
Ivan was lying on the floor, injured and helpless.
Ivan was mourning near Rima’s grave.
Ivan was not alarmed by that.
Ivan was on a very popular trail.
Ivan was on his way a couple minutes behind Anna.
Ivan was out of his mind.
Ivan was overcome with emotion.
Ivan was overcome with pain.
Ivan was painting another picture.
Ivan was planning on doing something horrible.
Ivan was playing with a frog.
Ivan was possessed by Rima’s ghost.
Ivan was practicing his choreography.
Ivan was preparing food.
Ivan was probably going to try to steal Anna's car.
Ivan was pulled over by the police.
Ivan was punished by having toilet cleaning duty all week.
Ivan was ready to leave.
Ivan was reborn on the day of the solar eclipse.
Ivan was received by Rima.
Ivan was responsible for all of Rima’s brother’s deaths.
Ivan was restless.
Ivan was riding a motorbike in the wrong lane.
Ivan was roaming around the place.
Ivan was rude to Anna.
Ivan was running in the forest.
Ivan was safe.
Ivan was scared and ran away.
Ivan was scolded by his parents.
Ivan was searching for Rima.
Ivan was searching for them.
Ivan was sent a photo of Rima.
Ivan was sent to find Rima.
Ivan was shot to death.
Ivan was sitting in the last bench of the class.
Ivan was sitting on Rima’s chest.
Ivan was slapping a boy without any reason in front of the class.
Ivan was so deep into the hike when Anna called him.
Ivan was so impressed and happy.
Ivan was so sad to see Anna with someone else.
Ivan was stalking Anna in the middle of an isolated forest.
Ivan was startled.
Ivan was stealing jewelry using hypnotism.
Ivan was stealing the truffles.
Ivan was still barely conscious.
Ivan was still translating Rima’s journal.
Ivan was stunned to see Rima.
Ivan was super relieved to be going to the party.
Ivan was surrounded by strange creatures.
Ivan was taken away.
Ivan was taken to a doctor.
Ivan was taken to see the leader.
Ivan was taken to the house.
Ivan was taken.
Ivan was talking to a co-worker.
Ivan was teaching Rima how to carve a pumpkin.
Ivan was terrified of the dog.
Ivan was the first man to make Rima feel like a true artist.
Ivan was the last person who argued with Rima.
Ivan was the only person without a date.
Ivan was transferred to another school.
Ivan was trying to keep his daugther disciplined.
Ivan was trying to rob Anna or steal her car.
Ivan was unable to access the cell.
Ivan was unable to locate Rima.
Ivan was unable to move.
Ivan was unable to sleep.
Ivan was very unpopular at school.
Ivan was waiting for Rima to arrive.
Ivan was waiting for Rima to return.
Ivan was waiting in his Uber.
Ivan was walking around, eyeballing us.
Ivan was walking on the beach to meet his girlfriend, Rima.
Ivan was walking through the park.
Ivan was walking towards the front of the truck.
Ivan was wearing a mask.
Ivan was wearing a new school uniform.
Ivan was wearing hiking clothes.
Ivan was well into the forest when Anna called him.
Ivan was with several police officers.
Ivan was working on a computer.
Ivan wasn't scared of Anna's German Shepherd at all.
Ivan wasn't sure how to respond.
Ivan watched Rima’s show.
Ivan watched a 2004 Japanese film.
Ivan watched a Japanese fantasy film.
Ivan watched a Japanese fantasy horror film.
Ivan watched a Japanese horror fantasy film.
Ivan watched a Japanese mystery film.
Ivan watched a Japanese romantic comedy.
Ivan watched a Japanese science-fiction film.
Ivan watched a Japanese thriller film.
Ivan watched as the ambulance left.
Ivan waved at Anna and she returned the gesture to be polite.
Ivan waved his hand to say goodbye to Rima.
Ivan went down the stairs.
Ivan went hiking on a loop trail.
Ivan went on weekend camping trips frequently.
Ivan went to a place called Hollywood.
Ivan went to fetch his mom.
Ivan went to find Rima.
Ivan went to his room.
Ivan went to see the rest of the family.
Ivan went to the orphanage again.
Ivan went to the orphanage.
Ivan went to the police station to report his missing daughter.
Ivan went upstairs to grieve.
Ivan will allow Rima access to all parts of the property.
Ivan will be arrested.
Ivan will be leaving very soon.
Ivan will go to live with his uncle.
Ivan will have to stay here.
Ivan will never know for sure what Anna was really up to.
Ivan will open all the doors.
Ivan will stay with them.
Ivan will think about it.
Ivan woke early and left the cabin.
Ivan woke from his nightmare.
Ivan woke up a few hours into the nights.
Ivan woke up and came downstairs.
Ivan woke up and realized it was a dream.
Ivan woke up in Rima’s room.
Ivan woke up, too.
Ivan wondered why Rima carried a weapon.
Ivan won’t change Rima.
Ivan won’t tell anybody because him and Rima are friends.
Ivan wore his new clothes and started dancing.
Ivan worked for a large company.
Ivan worked hard to organize a great night for everyone.
Ivan worked so hard to organize the party.
Ivan works at night and sleeps during the day.
Ivan wrote down his answer.
Ivan yelled at Rima to stop.
Ivan zipped up his tent.
Ivan's goats follow him with their bells ringing.
Ivan's hiking trail went through the pretty forest.
Ivan's name is next to Isabella's in the alphabet, so they had to sit together in class.
Ivan's shadow came from behind the truck.
Ivanka is absent from school today.
Ivanov teaches at the University of Sofia.
Ivan’s Berber teacher seized his phone.
Ivan’s artistic passion got him hired.
Ivan’s bike didn’t start.
Ivan’s bike started.
Ivan’s body parts were scattered on the floor.
Ivan’s body was hanging from a tree.
Ivan’s building has become a deserted place.
Ivan’s business is doing poorly.
Ivan’s car hit the wall.
Ivan’s car lost control.
Ivan’s classmates were bullying him.
Ivan’s dead body was placed in front of Rima.
Ivan’s dog bit Rima in her hand.
Ivan’s dog cannot withstand Rima’s beast.
Ivan’s dog had an unfair disadvantage.
Ivan’s dog jumped from the table and attacked the vet.
Ivan’s dog searched the locker.
Ivan’s dog started chasing Rima.
Ivan’s dog was badly injured after a fight.
Ivan’s dog was staring at something.
Ivan’s dog was terrified of something.
Ivan’s family will be reunited soon.
Ivan’s film is set in the 1940s.
Ivan’s fish can only survive in freshwater.
Ivan’s gentle words made Rima relax.
Ivan’s house has been searched.
Ivan’s job doesn’t pay well.
Ivan’s mother left him at a young age.
Ivan’s mother wanted an arranged marriage.
Ivan’s mother was killed before his eyes.
Ivan’s parents loved him very much before they died.
Ivan’s phone suddenly rang.
Ivan’s phone was seized.
Ivan’s punishment will be a thousand times more severe.
Ivan’s restaurant celebrated its fortieth anniversary.
Ivan’s situation got worse.
Ivan’s sleep was interrupted by a phonecall.
Ivan’s story is very old.
Ivan’s tests are positive.
Ivan’s window designs continue to make headlines.
Ivaylo Iotchey is a neuroscience researcher. He says that this is the first time dogs’ sleep spindles have been measured, and related to the dogs learning new things.
Ivies are not vulnerable.
Ivies are very forgiving plants. They don't require a lot of care.
Ivies are very versatile vining plants.
Ivies come in different shapes.
Ivies do better outdoors.
Ivies look very easy to grow.
Ivo Karlovic holds the record for most consecutive service holds. During the 2009 grass season, he didn't lose serve once in eight matches, and it took Roger Federer, the greatest grasscourt player of modern times, to finally stop the streak at 129 holds in a row.
Ivo saw the grape.
Ivory Coast is the world's biggest cocoa producer.
Ivory Coast’s National Order of Architects has opened the country’s first professional architecture school, where professors want to instill in students an understanding of the country’s specific building needs and heritage.
Ivory poaching has reduced the elephant population in Tanzania by more than 60 percent between 2009 and 2014.
Ivor’s voice was deep and quiet, with clear enunciation; while that of Captain Peirce was some semitones higher in key, with a rapid and rather indistinct intonation.
Ivrit is Modern Hebrew.
Ivy Bean, the oldest user of both Facebook and Twitter, died at 104.
Ivy adheres to the wall.
Ivy attracts insects, spiders, and snakes.
Ivy began to grow back very quickly.
Ivy berries are eaten by birds.
Ivy berries attract birds.
Ivy can adapt to dry soils.
Ivy can be an annoying plant.
Ivy can be damaging to homes.
Ivy can be found in many habitats in northern Algeria.
Ivy can cause problems.
Ivy can climb as high as ninety feet if left unchecked.
Ivy can destroy walls.
Ivy can do damage to mansions.
Ivy can grow as tall as thirty feet.
Ivy can grow in all types of soils.
Ivy can grow in dry soils.
Ivy can kill trees.
Ivy can lift tiles and damage your roof.
Ivy can look attractive.
Ivy can overrun your property.
Ivy can regulate the temperature of your house.
Ivy can spread on the ground.
Ivy can suffocate trees.
Ivy can't tolerate extremes in temperature.
Ivy chokes trees.
Ivy climbs tree trunks.
Ivy climbs up houses and fences.
Ivy climbs up.
Ivy climbs.
Ivy comes off with no issues whatsoever.
Ivy could damage the brickwork.
Ivy covers the ground.
Ivy crawls along the wall.
Ivy cuttings grow very fast.
Ivy cuttings root really easily.
Ivy develops long stems that become thick and extremely strong as they mature.
Ivy does no damage to the tree.
Ivy doesn't grow along buildings in this very cold area.
Ivy doesn't like a lot of direct sunlight.
Ivy doesn't like extremes in temperature.
Ivy doesn't like overwatering.
Ivy doesn't like to be overwatered.
Ivy doesn't need a lot of water.
Ivy doesn't need direct sun.
Ivy doesn't need much water.
Ivy doesn't need too much water.
Ivy gets very long.
Ivy grow aerial roots.
Ivy grows and branches off very quickly.
Ivy grows on buildings.
Ivy grows quickly.
Ivy grows throughout the year, including winter.
Ivy grows under the tiles.
Ivy grows up the wall.
Ivy grows very well in Algeria.
Ivy grows very, very quickly.
Ivy grows well throughout northern Algeria.
Ivy has a complex root system.
Ivy has aerial roots.
Ivy has beautiful vines.
Ivy has evergreen leaves.
Ivy has lots of vines.
Ivy has some fungal issues.
Ivy has tendrils.
Ivy is a beautiful and misunderstood plant.
Ivy is a climbing plant.
Ivy is a common houseplant.
Ivy is a decorative plant that causes a few problems.
Ivy is a misunderstood plant.
Ivy is a plant out of place here.
Ivy is a pretty plant.
Ivy is a pretty vigorous grower.
Ivy is a rampant, vining plant.
Ivy is a very good insulation for buildings.
Ivy is a very versatile plant.
Ivy is a vigorous plant.
Ivy is a vining plant.
Ivy is a weed and it propagates so easily.
Ivy is a wonderful plant.
Ivy is an annoying plant.
Ivy is an easy-to-grow plants.
Ivy is an invasive plant.
Ivy is an invasive species.
Ivy is damaging our fence.
Ivy is difficult to control.
Ivy is easily controlled.
Ivy is easy to grow.
Ivy is easy to maintain.
Ivy is easy to propagate.
Ivy is growing all over the place here.
Ivy is growing in the back of the house.
Ivy is growing in the shady part of the house.
Ivy is growing in the yard.
Ivy is growing on the side of the house.
Ivy is growing on the wall.
Ivy is growing there.
Ivy is nasty and invasive.
Ivy is native to Europe.
Ivy is one of Ziri's favorite plants.
Ivy is one of the most common invasive plants in the area.
Ivy is rather aggressive.
Ivy is so common in this area.
Ivy is starting to grow on the other side of the mansion.
Ivy is super easy to propagate.
Ivy is very common here.
Ivy is very easy to take care of.
Ivy is very forgiving. It doesn't need a lot of water.
Ivy is very hard to remove.
Ivy is very invasive and tolerant of shade.
Ivy is very invasive.
Ivy keeps houses warm in winter and cool in summer.
Ivy likes to climb.
Ivy looks beautiful.
Ivy makes houses cooler in summer.
Ivy might flower indoors.
Ivy needs bright indirect light.
Ivy needs lots and lots of water.
Ivy needs some nice light.
Ivy needs to be controlled early.
Ivy needs to be controlled.
Ivy needs water and fertilizer.
Ivy needs water every single day.
Ivy produces berries.
Ivy spreads aggressively.
Ivy spreads everywhere.
Ivy spreads quickly.
Ivy started growing in the garden.
Ivy took over the entire tree.
Ivy vines are growing along the ground.
Ivy vines are strong.
Ivy was growing all around.
Ivy was growing in the crevasses.
Ivy will grow there.
Ivy's variegation came back.
Iwate Prefecture's capital is Morioka City.
Ixtli has a lovely face.
Izen moved back to the shadows, hiding behind the throne once more.
Izhevsk is the capital of the Udmurt Republic.
Izmir is the liberal capital of Turkey.
Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey with about 4.5 million residents.
Izmir is the trade fair capital of Turkey.
Izmir was once known as Smyrna.
Izzy, a Havanese therapy dog, is a regular visitor to Public School 57 in East Harlem, New York. Students meet him in the library, pick out a book and flop down on the carpet. Izzy snuggles up to them and gets ready to hear a story.
I fail to see the humor in all this.
I feel like eating out.
Iâ€˜m ironing my handkerchiefs.
I‘m ironing my handkerchiefs.
I’d advise starting at once.
I’d appreciate it if we could change the subject.
I’d appreciate it if you could do that.
I’d appreciate it if you sent me your latest catalog.
I’d appreciate it if you would turn off the lights.
I’d appreciate it if you would turn out the lights.
I’d appreciate your help.
I’d be content if you paid me with cash.
I’d be crazy to expect such a thing.
I’d be glad to go in your place.
I’d be glad to.
I’d be grateful if you could take a look when you’ve got time sometime.
I’d be happy to attend your party.
I’d be happy to help you if you’re having trouble.
I’d be happy to help you.
I’d be happy to translate all that, but I don’t know Dutch.
I’d be lying if I said I had never smoked before.
I’d be most happy to assist you.
I’d be much obliged if you could give me a lift into town.
I’d be unhappy, but I wouldn’t kill myself.
I’d be very glad if you’d come.
I’d be very grateful if you could help me.
I’d be very grateful if you’d help me.
I’d be willing to do anything to get that job.
I’d been cheated out of my life savings!
I’d been on my own all week and was starving for conversation.
I’d bet my life on it.
I’d better be on my way.
I’d better drive you home.
I’d better get going. My father is really strict.
I’d better get these out of sight or they’d be a sure giveaway.
I’d better get to bed soon.
I’d better go to bed now.
I’d better not eat that.
I’d better rewrite this paper.
I’d better see him.
I’d better see you about this tomorrow.
I’d better solve this problem quickly.
I’d better stay out of that debate as I don’t want any trouble.
I’d better tell you the truth.
I’d certainly like to go and watch a film, but I’m not sure if I have time.
I’d certainly like to go and watch the match; it’s just that I’m not sure if I have time.
I’d defeated the four sub-bosses and got through the damn long underground labyrinth.
I’d describe him as a middle-aged man in a yellow jacket, orange tie and a pink shirt.
I’d die for some bagels and burritos.
I’d do any damn thing for you.
I’d do anything for you.
I’d explain it to you, but your brain would explode.
I’d get a soup plate and then slide the glass very carefully over to the edge of the table, and let the water run into the soup plate - it doesn’t have to run onto the floor.
I’d gladly pay more for something if it’s of high quality.
I’d gladly speak with you on this subject.
I’d go to the goth club more often, but my outfits are depressingly cheerful, not cheerfully depressing.
I’d guess that you have already answered.
I’d hang the people who did this to me on a meat hook.
I’d hear songs like ‘The Girl from Ipanema,’ and I’d pretend I was a Brazilian and sing along in fake Portuguese.
I’d heard she was too far out for most people.
I’d jump through hoops for you.
I’d just be able to give up better than if you were taken by some other woman.
I’d just come in the door when the phone rang.
I’d just woken up and was still drowsy.
I’d like Quim Monzo to autograph my book, but I’m too ashamed to ask him.
I’d like a Bloody Mary.
I’d like a Manhattan.
I’d like a book.
I’d like a bottle of soda.
I’d like a bus route map.
I’d like a chilled one.
I’d like a city map.
I’d like a coat with the wooly side in, please.
I’d like a cup of coffee.
I’d like a cup of tea.
I’d like a daiquiri.
I’d like a doll, a new bicycle.....and peace on earth!
I’d like a double for four nights from tonight for about fifty dollars a night.
I’d like a double room.
I’d like a double with a bath.
I’d like a fish.
I’d like a full tank of regular unleaded.
I’d like a gin and tonic.
I’d like a glass of beer.
I’d like a glass of tequila.
I’d like a glass of water, please.
I’d like a glass of water.
I’d like a hotel reservation.
I’d like a little bit of cake.
I’d like a long-sleeved shirt in yellow, medium.
I’d like a map of the city.
I’d like a money order for ten dollars.
I’d like a nonstop flight to New York.
I’d like a pastry and a cappuccino.
I’d like a pop.
I’d like a quote on the following.
I’d like a receipt, please.
I’d like a room facing the garden.
I’d like a room facing the ocean instead.
I’d like a room in the back.
I’d like a room in the corner of the building.
I’d like a room in the front.
I’d like a room with a good view, please.
I’d like a room with a good view.
I’d like a round-trip ticket from Boston to New York.
I’d like a safety check on my car.
I’d like a single from the 24th for two nights.
I’d like a single with a shower, please.
I’d like a soda.
I’d like a suite.
I’d like a table by the window.
I’d like a tea.
I’d like a twin room, please.
I’d like a twin with an extra bed.
I’d like a vodka and tonic.
I’d like a wake-up call at seven tomorrow morning.
I’d like a wake-up call at six tomorrow morning.
I’d like a window seat, please.
I’d like a window seat.
I’d like a word with you if I may.
I’d like an aisle seat, please.
I’d like an orange juice.
I’d like another beer.
I’d like another glass of water, please.
I’d like breakfast in my room at 8 sharp.
I’d like for you to go.
I’d like inexpensive seats, if possible.
I’d like it above my ears.
I’d like it if you were always honest with me.
I’d like it in a brighter color.
I’d like meat loaf.
I’d like more detailed information.
I’d like my coffee after the meal.
I’d like my coffee weak.
I’d like one more blanket.
I’d like one on the aisle, please.
I’d like orange juice.
I’d like seats about fifty yards from the court.
I’d like seats on the first floor.
I’d like seats right next to the court.
I’d like some advice on something.
I’d like some aspirin.
I’d like some cheese.
I’d like some cider, please.
I’d like some fish.
I’d like some information about your new computers.
I’d like some information on motels.
I’d like some more bread, please.
I’d like some more butter.
I’d like some more coffee.
I’d like some more water.
I’d like some shoes.
I’d like some tea, please.
I’d like some water.
I’d like something light.
I’d like something to drink.
I’d like something to eat.
I’d like that a lot.
I’d like that beer, please.
I’d like the bill, please.
I’d like the government to respond resolutely so as to not end up looking timid.
I’d like the most inexpensive room you have for four nights.
I’d like the same style as this one.
I’d like the sauce on the side.
I’d like three of these.
I’d like three pounds of chicken.
I’d like three twenties, six fives, and the rest in ones.
I’d like to add a new language in Tatoeba, what do I have to do?
I’d like to add some information to my report.
I’d like to ask a favor of you.
I’d like to ask a grammarian, isn’t it possible to think of ’be + participle’ like you do V C and such?
I’d like to ask a question.
I’d like to ask two questions.
I’d like to ask you to join with me in a moment of silent prayer to remember all those whom we lost this past year to the pandemic. They were four hundred thousand fellow Americans—moms, dads, husbands, wives, sons, daughters, friends, neighbors and co-workers.
I’d like to attend the party.
I’d like to be a guitarist.
I’d like to be a millionaire.
I’d like to be a teacher.
I’d like to be in Paris.
I’d like to be left alone for a while, if you don’t mind.
I’d like to be paid the balance in change.
I’d like to be what I used to be.
I’d like to begin by talking about the current situation.
I’d like to book a table for four for tomorrow night.
I’d like to book three seats.
I’d like to borrow fifty dollars from you.
I’d like to borrow your notes for a bit.
I’d like to break this 100 dollar bill into four 20 dollar bills and twenty singles.
I’d like to breast-feed my baby.
I’d like to buy a Picasso.
I’d like to buy a map.
I’d like to buy eye drops.
I’d like to buy half a cake.
I’d like to buy menu of the day.
I’d like to buy some stickers.
I’d like to buy this doll.
I’d like to buy two 45-cent stamps, please.
I’d like to call a meeting.
I’d like to call my family.
I’d like to call my parents.
I’d like to call the ’rents.
I’d like to cancel my appointment for June first.
I’d like to cancel tomorrow’s meeting.
I’d like to cash a travelers’ check.
I’d like to change my image.
I’d like to change my reservation for three to five nights.
I’d like to change my reservation from three to five nights.
I’d like to change my reservation.
I’d like to change my room.
I’d like to change my seat.
I’d like to change some money.
I’d like to change the date to tomorrow night.
I’d like to change these pesos, please.
I’d like to change yen to dollars.
I’d like to check in, please.
I’d like to check in.
I’d like to check out right now.
I’d like to check out tomorrow morning.
I’d like to check out.
I’d like to check out. Could you call the bellboy?
I’d like to check out. Do you have my bill?
I’d like to check some of my valuables.
I’d like to clean up my house before parents come back.
I’d like to come around to your house sometime.
I’d like to come to see the doctor as soon as possible.
I’d like to confirm my hotel reservation on May 5th.
I’d like to confirm my reservation for the 30th.
I’d like to confirm our reservations.
I’d like to confirm the departure time.
I’d like to confirm the hour of departure.
I’d like to cook chicken tonight.
I’d like to dance with you.
I’d like to discuss pricing with you.
I’d like to discuss something with you.
I’d like to discuss the following at the meeting.
I’d like to dispute this parking ticket; it was issued half an hour ago. The meter for my space at the parking lot was full and would not accept any of the coins I tried to put in.
I’d like to do shopping on Fifth Avenue in New York.
I’d like to do with you but I can’t afford the plane fare.
I’d like to do without commas, but 6 feels odd if it doesn’t have commas.
I’d like to drink some tea or coffee.
I’d like to drink something hot.
I’d like to drive across the USA in a convertible car.
I’d like to eat a book.
I’d like to engage in foreign trade in the future.
I’d like to enroll you as a member of our club.
I’d like to escape into sleep all day long.
I’d like to express my gratitude.
I’d like to extend my stay through Sunday.
I’d like to fax this to Japan.
I’d like to find a way to improve my memory.
I’d like to find out my bank balance.
I’d like to finish the work on my own.
I’d like to get a bank loan; how do I go about that?
I’d like to get a medical examination for my two-year-old daughter.
I’d like to get a pregnancy test.
I’d like to get a refund.
I’d like to get a view of the ocean.
I’d like to get home by five.
I’d like to get information about your hospital fee.
I’d like to get information regarding a number of questions.
I’d like to get into journalism in the future.
I’d like to get medical insurance.
I’d like to get off at Fifth Avenue.
I’d like to get to know you better.
I’d like to get you to help me ask the teacher for time off.
I’d like to give you a piece of advice.
I’d like to go abroad one day.
I’d like to go abroad someday.
I’d like to go around the world on a boat.
I’d like to go cycling.
I’d like to go geocaching, but I can’t find my GPS.
I’d like to go on a picnic with her.
I’d like to go out with her.
I’d like to go skiing with her.
I’d like to go skiing.
I’d like to go to France one day.
I’d like to go to France sometime.
I’d like to go to France.
I’d like to go to Hawaii as well.
I’d like to go to Hawaii.
I’d like to go to London someday.
I’d like to go to London.
I’d like to go to Takayama during festival time.
I’d like to go to the movies.
I’d like to go to the seaside with you.
I’d like to go to the zoo.
I’d like to go with you, but I’m broke.
I’d like to go with you, but as it is I can’t.
I’d like to go, only I’ve got a cold.
I’d like to go.
I’d like to have a Caesarian operation.
I’d like to have a Pap smear done.
I’d like to have a coffee.
I’d like to have a consultation about getting braces.
I’d like to have a girl the first time. Look, they say ’First a girl, then a boy’ don’t they?
I’d like to have a glass of water.
I’d like to have a glass of wine.
I’d like to have a good talk with her.
I’d like to have a look at that car over there, please.
I’d like to have a look at your stamp collection.
I’d like to have a medical examination.
I’d like to have a single room with a bath for two nights.
I’d like to have a test for breast cancer.
I’d like to have a word with you.
I’d like to have an interview with your father about the matter.
I’d like to have an intra-uterine device.
I’d like to have another cup of coffee.
I’d like to have breakfast with you.
I’d like to have cake for dessert.
I’d like to have cheesecake for dessert.
I’d like to have dinner with you.
I’d like to have her teeth straightened.
I’d like to have ketchup on the side.
I’d like to have meat for supper this evening.
I’d like to have mustard on the side.
I’d like to have my blood examined.
I’d like to have smaller bills mixed in.
I’d like to have some cigars.
I’d like to have some hot chocolate.
I’d like to have tea instead of coffee.
I’d like to have that gift wrapped.
I’d like to have the sauce on the side, please.
I’d like to have these pants cleaned.
I’d like to have this fabric dyed.
I’d like to have this film processed.
I’d like to have this meat dish with your best white wine.
I’d like to have this parcel registered.
I’d like to have your answer right away.
I’d like to hear about black magic. I was only told the highlights in the academy, and it interests me.
I’d like to hear what you have to say on this.
I’d like to help, but I think I’d just get in your way.
I’d like to improve my English skills.
I’d like to improve my guitar skills.
I’d like to insure my luggage.
I’d like to insure this, please.
I’d like to introduce my friend.
I’d like to introduce my good friend Luis.
I’d like to introduce some friends of mine.
I’d like to invite you to lunch, if you’re not busy.
I’d like to invite you to the party.
I’d like to join a night bus tour.
I’d like to join your group.
I’d like to keep the car there.
I’d like to kiss you.
I’d like to know exactly how much money is in my account.
I’d like to know how to send money to France.
I’d like to know if that’s true.
I’d like to know if they eat peaches in Spain.
I’d like to know the exact exchange rate for yen.
I’d like to know the exact time.
I’d like to know the phone number of the nearest American Express office.
I’d like to know the rest of the story.
I’d like to know what you plan to do now.
I’d like to know what you’re doing.
I’d like to know when the best moment is to quit a job.
I’d like to know when you can send it out.
I’d like to know when you plan to give me back the scissors I lent you.
I’d like to know which he likes.
I’d like to know why you’re unhappy.
I’d like to learn how to arrange flowers.
I’d like to leave the city and rediscover nature.
I’d like to leave this book with you.
I’d like to listen to pop music.
I’d like to live a quiet life in the country after retirement.
I’d like to live in New York.
I’d like to live in a decent house.
I’d like to live in the suburbs of Kobe.
I’d like to mail this package to Canada.
I’d like to maintain my privacy regarding my thoughts.
I’d like to make a call to Japan.
I’d like to make a call to Tokyo, Japan. The number is 3202-5625.
I’d like to make a collect call to Japan.
I’d like to make a collect call to Los Angeles.
I’d like to make a person-to-person call to Japan.
I’d like to make a person-to-person call to Mrs. Richards.
I’d like to make a reservation for 6 p.m. tomorrow.
I’d like to make a reservation for the express train that leaves at 6:00 p.m.
I’d like to make a reservation for tonight.
I’d like to make a reservation to play golf tomorrow.
I’d like to make a reservation.
I’d like to make a tour of famous sites in London tomorrow.
I’d like to make an appointment for a cleaning.
I’d like to make an appointment for a permanent.
I’d like to make an appointment for a shampoo and a set.
I’d like to make an appointment for fluoride treatments for my son.
I’d like to make an appointment for my three-year-old son.
I’d like to make an appointment for the day after tomorrow.
I’d like to make an appointment to see the doctor.
I’d like to make an appointment with Dr. King.
I’d like to make an overseas call.
I’d like to make it clear that I will not change my mind.
I’d like to make reservations for dinner tomorrow.
I’d like to make some changes in the draft.
I’d like to make sure of the time.
I’d like to marry a girl who likes to play video games.
I’d like to master English.
I’d like to meet with her.
I’d like to meet you either on the morning of April 5 or on the afternoon of April 6.
I’d like to meet your older sister.
I’d like to move to the country.
I’d like to open a savings account.
I’d like to open an account.
I’d like to open the window: I need some air.
I’d like to order the same.
I’d like to page someone.
I’d like to part with her if I could.
I’d like to pay by check.
I’d like to pay by credit card.
I’d like to pay for this with my Visa card.
I’d like to pay in cash.
I’d like to pay the check, please.
I’d like to pay with my credit card instead.
I’d like to phone the parents.
I’d like to place a person-to-person call to Chicago.
I’d like to place an order for the book with the publishing company.
I’d like to play a game of golf.
I’d like to play a game of ping-pong.
I’d like to play a game of squash.
I’d like to play tennis with you some day.
I’d like to play tennis.
I’d like to point out some problems regarding your suggestion.
I’d like to prolong my stay in America.
I’d like to put my belongings away.
I’d like to put my valuables in a safe deposit box, if any are available.
I’d like to put some things in the hotel safe.
I’d like to read some books about the Beatles.
I’d like to reconfirm my flight.
I’d like to reconfirm my reservation.
I’d like to rent a car.
I’d like to rent a compact car.
I’d like to rent a house.
I’d like to rent a regular car.
I’d like to rent skis and ski boots.
I’d like to rent your most inexpensive car for a week.
I’d like to replace it.
I’d like to report a theft.
I’d like to reserve a flight to Vancouver.
I’d like to reserve a hotel room.
I’d like to reserve a private compartment.
I’d like to reserve a room in a hotel.
I’d like to reserve a seat on this train.
I’d like to reserve a seat.
I’d like to reserve a single room on June 3.
I’d like to reserve a single room.
I’d like to reserve a sleeping berth.
I’d like to reserve a table for four at six.
I’d like to reserve a table for three.
I’d like to reserve a table for two.
I’d like to return a car.
I’d like to return this.
I’d like to return to Tokyo via Honolulu.
I’d like to ride the cable car, but I’m afraid of heights.
I’d like to run a big stock farm.
I’d like to sail around the world.
I’d like to say a few words by way of apology.
I’d like to say a word of thanks to all those gentlemen and ladies whose care I have been in.
I’d like to say yes, but...
I’d like to see Mr Kosugi.
I’d like to see a doctor.
I’d like to see a play. Do you have any information?
I’d like to see her again.
I’d like to see her back.
I’d like to see her.
I’d like to see him tomorrow afternoon.
I’d like to see my art teacher this afternoon.
I’d like to see my son.
I’d like to see some dancing. Do you have any information?
I’d like to see that in black and white.
I’d like to see the Statue of Liberty.
I’d like to see the car before I rent it.
I’d like to see the doctor soon.
I’d like to see the doctor.
I’d like to see them again.
I’d like to see this becoming more of the standard, where people design and build buildings with farming on the roof, with the ability to actually go up there and enjoy it and have a better connection to nature, but also to provide better fresh food to people in urban areas.
I’d like to see you again next week.
I’d like to see you before I leave for Europe.
I’d like to see you if possible.
I’d like to see you tomorrow.
I’d like to see you when you are free.
I’d like to see your father.
I’d like to see your sister.
I’d like to send a cable to Japan.
I’d like to send a congratulations card to Madonna for the birth of her baby girl.
I’d like to send my dress to a dry cleaner.
I’d like to send these to Japan.
I’d like to send this by registered mail.
I’d like to send this package to Japan.
I’d like to send this parcel to Japan by sea.
I’d like to send this postcard to Japan.
I’d like to set it to the movie channel.
I’d like to set up a sign like, "This Way ->," but what would it be if I made it in English?
I’d like to settle the transportation arrangements before I leave.
I’d like to sit with my family.
I’d like to sleep late tomorrow.
I’d like to speak to John Warner.
I’d like to speak to John.
I’d like to speak to Judy.
I’d like to speak to the lady of the household.
I’d like to speak to you for a moment.
I’d like to spend less time at work and more time at home.
I’d like to spend my holidays reading history books or classics.
I’d like to spend the rest of my life with you.
I’d like to stay another night if I can.
I’d like to stay at your hotel.
I’d like to stay for one night.
I’d like to stay in a Western-style hotel.
I’d like to stay one more night. Is that possible?
I’d like to study in China to improve the level of my Chinese.
I’d like to study in Paris.
I’d like to swim in this river.
I’d like to take a 9:30 flight.
I’d like to take a small trip this weekend.
I’d like to take advantage of this opportunity to thank you all for your cooperation.
I’d like to take advantage of this opportunity.
I’d like to take it easy riding in a rowboat - just the two of us.
I’d like to take my jacket off, please; it’s too hot.
I’d like to take that out, please.
I’d like to take the pill.
I’d like to take this with me.
I’d like to talk to John.
I’d like to talk to one of your guests.
I’d like to talk to the hotel manager.
I’d like to talk to you away from the press.
I’d like to talk with Tony.
I’d like to talk with you in private.
I’d like to thank you for all your hard work.
I’d like to travel around the world.
I’d like to travel first-class.
I’d like to treat you to lunch to thank you for all your help.
I’d like to try aerobics.
I’d like to try horseback riding.
I’d like to try on one size smaller than this.
I’d like to try on shoes other than those.
I’d like to try on this dress.
I’d like to try out skydiving.
I’d like to try out the aerobics class for a day.
I’d like to try out this new model before I buy it.
I’d like to try skydiving.
I’d like to try this on.
I’d like to turn off the reading lamp, is that OK?
I’d like to turn some photos of mine into a calendar. How should I go about it?
I’d like to understand how commerce works.
I’d like to use a safe.
I’d like to visit America most of all.
I’d like to visit Angkor Wat before I die.
I’d like to visit England someday.
I’d like to visit London.
I’d like to visit you next week. What day of the week would it be convenient for you?
I’d like to visit your country someday.
I’d like to watch TV.
I’d like to work at the cafeteria.
I’d like to write hundreds of sentences on Tatoeba, but I have other things to do.
I’d like two copies of each of these documents.
I’d like two kilos of apples.
I’d like two one-way tickets from A to B.
I’d like two prints of each.
I’d like two singles for three nights from the 21st for about sixty dollars a night.
I’d like two slices of toast and a cup of tea.
I’d like whiskey and water.
I’d like you to be more punctual.
I’d like you to be my partner.
I’d like you to come at nine.
I’d like you to come early.
I’d like you to cut my hair.
I’d like you to drive.
I’d like you to get me a cup of coffee.
I’d like you to get two adjacent rooms.
I’d like you to go there.
I’d like you to have a blood test.
I’d like you to have a chest X-ray.
I’d like you to have a thorough examination.
I’d like you to have an ultrasound.
I’d like you to help me gather some firewood.
I’d like you to help me if you have nothing in particular to do.
I’d like you to help me install this software.
I’d like you to help me.
I’d like you to itemize the charges.
I’d like you to look after my dog during my absence.
I’d like you to look after my dog.
I’d like you to make me dinner early today.
I’d like you to meet Mr Brown.
I’d like you to meet my brother, Tom.
I’d like you to pay the money in advance.
I’d like you to pick up the pace a little on this job.
I’d like you to put me back on the list.
I’d like you to quickly look over these documents.
I’d like you to read this book.
I’d like you to see my collection of stamps.
I’d like you to send this telegram at once.
I’d like you to translate this book into English.
I’d love to be able to find more time that I could spend relaxing.
I’d love to be able to spend less time doing household chores.
I’d love to be able to wear a dress like that. But I’ll have to lose some weight first.
I’d love to be your age.
I’d love to change the world but I don’t know what to do, so I’ll leave it up to you.
I’d love to come and visit if I had the time.
I’d love to come and visit.
I’d love to come with you.
I’d love to dance with you.
I’d love to find out why she said so.
I’d love to go with you to the show, but I’m flat broke.
I’d love to hang out with you this weekend.
I’d love to help you out, but I’m terribly busy.
I’d love to see inside Tom’s house.
I’d love to see the movie.
I’d made up some story about having to go home to see my sick mother.
I’d never been to that city before, and even worse, I couldn’t speak a word of the language.
I’d never expected to meet her in a place like that.
I’d never say something like that.
I’d never seen such expansive scenery.
I’d never testify against my wife.
I’d prefer a brown one.
I’d prefer meat to fish.
I’d prefer not to eat that.
I’d prefer not to say.
I’d prefer to die rather than give up.
I’d prefer to only hire people to translate into their native language.
I’d rather be a bird than a fish.
I’d rather be poor than rich.
I’d rather clean my room than spend time doing my homework.
I’d rather die than betray my friends!
I’d rather die than do it!
I’d rather die than marry you!
I’d rather die than see you cry.
I’d rather die than yield to this sort of demand.
I’d rather do it by myself.
I’d rather drink coffee than tea.
I’d rather eat something simple.
I’d rather give up than have you taken by another woman
I’d rather go by subway than by train.
I’d rather go by train. I have a license, but no real driving experience, so I’m not very sure of myself behind the wheel.
I’d rather go for a walk than see the movie.
I’d rather go out than stay indoors.
I’d rather go swimming.
I’d rather go take a walk than go see that movie.
I’d rather go today than tomorrow.
I’d rather have a room of my own, however small it may be.
I’d rather have a room of my own, no matter how small it is.
I’d rather have gone to the concert last night.
I’d rather have no money but find love.
I’d rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints.
I’d rather live in a wooden house.
I’d rather live in peaceful poverty than in wealth and fear.
I’d rather not eat the meat from an animal that was cloned.
I’d rather not express my honest opinion about you.
I’d rather not go out this evening.
I’d rather not have those written by people who only know their work imperfectly.
I’d rather not meet him.
I’d rather not say anything about politics.
I’d rather not say.
I’d rather not sleep and finish reading this book.
I’d rather not spend so much money on clothes.
I’d rather not take any medicine if I can avoid it.
I’d rather not talk about my feelings.
I’d rather not.
I’d rather play football than go swimming.
I’d rather quit than go on a business trip with Tom.
I’d rather ride my bike than walk.
I’d rather she sat next to me.
I’d rather skip school and play video games.
I’d rather stay at home than go out.
I’d rather stay at home.
I’d rather stay here than go there.
I’d rather stay here.
I’d rather stay home and sleep all day.
I’d rather stay home if it’s all the same to you.
I’d rather stay home than go alone.
I’d rather stay home than go on the school trip.
I’d rather stay home than go out in this weather.
I’d rather stay home than go out.
I’d rather stay than go.
I’d rather take a taxi than walk.
I’d rather throw it away than give it to him.
I’d rather walk than take a bus.
I’d rather walk than wait for a bus.
I’d rather you came tomorrow than today.
I’d rather you didn’t smoke so much.
I’d rather you didn’t, if you don’t mind.
I’d rather you stayed at home.
I’d really like to know why he did that sort of thing.
I’d retain that old hat if I were you.
I’d say the second one.
I’d send my kid out on his own for a while if I were you. A few hard knocks at this point might do him some good.
I’d stay home rather than go alone.
I’d still be spinning my wheels if I hadn’t gotten that scholarship.
I’d stop worrying about it and take some action. The anxiety that comes from doing nothing is worse than any danger you might face.
I’d suggest a comma.
I’d suggest making this into two sentences.
I’d take anybody apart who dared to say a word against her.
I’d think twice about this.
I’d very much like to exchange e-mail with you.
I’d’ve never thought it’d’ve been interesting to classify card games based on whether they’re played clockwise or counter-clockwise.
I’ll abstain from going out today.
I’ll accept it, but with one condition.
I’ll accept your offer.
I’ll accompany you to the airport.
I’ll accompany you to the hospital.
I’ll accompany you to the station.
I’ll act as a guide for you.
I’ll act on your advice.
I’ll add the finishing touch.
I’ll admit I’m wrong.
I’ll afraid this kind of meeting isn’t getting us anywhere.
I’ll agree to the terms if you lower the price.
I’ll always be on your side.
I’ll always love you no matter what you do.
I’ll always love you, no matter what happens.
I’ll always remember your kindness.
I’ll answer for his character. I know him very well.
I’ll answer for this accident.
I’ll answer for this man’s honesty.
I’ll answer you tomorrow.
I’ll apply for the job today.
I’ll arrange for someone to pick you up at your home.
I’ll arrive at Haneda Airport tomorrow evening at 7.
I’ll ask him how the accident happened.
I’ll ask him if he will come.
I’ll ask him where he is planning to go during the vacation.
I’ll ask how to get there.
I’ll ask my brother to give me a ride.
I’ll ask my grandfather to take me there during the next summer vacation.
I’ll ask when the train will get in.
I’ll ask you these questions.
I’ll attend the meeting.
I’ll attend the next meeting.
I’ll attend.
I’ll be a little late tonight for check-in.
I’ll be able to afford a week’s vacation this summer.
I’ll be able to finish in a day or two.
I’ll be able to finish it in a day or two.
I’ll be able to see him next year.
I’ll be able to see you next year.
I’ll be able to see you one of these days.
I’ll be about again when my leg heals.
I’ll be absent from home in the afternoon.
I’ll be absent tomorrow.
I’ll be along soon.
I’ll be as quiet as a mouse.
I’ll be asleep when evening hits.
I’ll be at home in the morning.
I’ll be at home the next time she comes.
I’ll be back at seven o’clock.
I’ll be back at six.
I’ll be back at ten.
I’ll be back before dark.
I’ll be back by 6 o’clock every day.
I’ll be back by seven or eight o’clock.
I’ll be back by six o’clock.
I’ll be back by six.
I’ll be back by tomorrow, if possible.
I’ll be back home soon.
I’ll be back in a few minutes.
I’ll be back in a jiffy.
I’ll be back in a moment when I have changed my dressing-gown and filled my cigar-case.
I’ll be back in a wink.
I’ll be back in an hour or so.
I’ll be back in an hour.
I’ll be back in ten minutes.
I’ll be back in thirty minutes so I’ll be in time for the concert.
I’ll be back in time for my mother’s birthday.
I’ll be back in twenty minutes or so.
I’ll be back in two hours.
I’ll be back late tonight.
I’ll be back later.
I’ll be back right away.
I’ll be back soon.
I’ll be back soon. I have to run to the post office.
I’ll be back within an hour.
I’ll be back within two hours.
I’ll be back.
I’ll be bound.
I’ll be busy next week.
I’ll be busy tomorrow.
I’ll be careful with the car, I promise.
I’ll be damned if I let this stop me!
I’ll be damned if it’s true.
I’ll be deeply affected by his death.
I’ll be filming at Nuja’s school.
I’ll be fine if I take a little rest.
I’ll be free all day tomorrow.
I’ll be free next Sunday.
I’ll be free this evening.
I’ll be glad if you will help me.
I’ll be glad to come.
I’ll be glad to help him.
I’ll be glad to.
I’ll be glued to the TV tonight watching a really exciting program.
I’ll be going shopping in the latter part of the week.
I’ll be hanged if it’s true.
I’ll be hanged if that’s true.
I’ll be happy if you will come with me.
I’ll be happy to answer your question.
I’ll be happy to work with you.
I’ll be happy whether I win or lose.
I’ll be here by Monday.
I’ll be here for a while.
I’ll be home by midnight at the latest.
I’ll be in Tokyo on business next week.
I’ll be in bed by the time you get home.
I’ll be in my office from ten tomorrow.
I’ll be in touch again as soon as I have more detailed information.
I’ll be in trouble if the story gets out.
I’ll be kind to you.
I’ll be late for school!
I’ll be late.
I’ll be leaving in March.
I’ll be looking for a new place to live as soon as I graduate from college.
I’ll be no party to this arrangement.
I’ll be off duty at noon on Saturday.
I’ll be on duty this Sunday.
I’ll be only too glad to go with you.
I’ll be only too pleased to help you.
I’ll be over in half an hour.
I’ll be pleased to help you.
I’ll be present at the party with pleasure.
I’ll be reading a book.
I’ll be ready in a few moments.
I’ll be right back.
I’ll be right with you.
I’ll be seeing Mary this afternoon.
I’ll be seeing him again.
I’ll be seeing him tomorrow.
I’ll be seeing you.
I’ll be seventeen next year.
I’ll be sitting here while he’s singing.
I’ll be sixteen in September.
I’ll be sixteen years old next month.
I’ll be so glad if you can come.
I’ll be someone, someday.
I’ll be staying at the Portside Hotel.
I’ll be staying here for a week.
I’ll be staying here for another three days.
I’ll be staying here for three months.
I’ll be sticking around town all summer. I just don’t have enough money to go anywhere.
I’ll be taking a vacation next month.
I’ll be taking it easy at home during the holiday.
I’ll be the only one in this world.
I’ll be there as soon as I can.
I’ll be there at five p.m.
I’ll be there at half seven.
I’ll be there at once.
I’ll be there at two o’clock without fail.
I’ll be there by eight somehow.
I’ll be there in a minute.
I’ll be there rain or shine.
I’ll be there right away.
I’ll be there tomorrow.
I’ll be very busy next month.
I’ll be very happy if I can serve you.
I’ll be visiting Japan again in a few years.
I’ll be waiting for Tom until 6 o’clock.
I’ll be waiting for you at the station tomorrow morning.
I’ll be waiting for you at the usual place.
I’ll be watching you.
I’ll be with you as soon as I finish this job.
I’ll be with you forever.
I’ll be with you in a few minutes.
I’ll be with you in a second.
I’ll be with you in spirit.
I’ll be with you right now.
I’ll be your first patient.
I’ll be your teacher.
I’ll begin by introducing myself.
I’ll bet 10,000 yen on his winning.
I’ll bet Madonna doesn’t return to her career for awhile.
I’ll bet anybody on that.
I’ll bet he’d have a fit if his students fell asleep.
I’ll bet it gives her a feeling of superiority to be so beautiful.
I’ll bet my bottom dollar he’ll succeed.
I’ll bet that I can beat you to the tree.
I’ll bet you that you’re wrong about that.
I’ll bet your arteries are already hardening from all those French fries!
I’ll bewitch him into a frog!
I’ll bid farewell to this stinking school.
I’ll bite the bullet.
I’ll bite your head off!
I’ll boil the beans for you.
I’ll boil the potatoes for you.
I’ll boil you the beans.
I’ll boil you the potatoes.
I’ll bring it to you tomorrow.
I’ll bring lunch.
I’ll bring my sister to the party.
I’ll bring my sister when I come next time.
I’ll bring one more towel.
I’ll bring the book back to you tomorrow.
I’ll bring the glasses.
I’ll bring you happiness.
I’ll bring you something to eat.
I’ll bring you the bill immediately.
I’ll bring you up to date with hometown news.
I’ll bring you up to date with the latest news from the village.
I’ll burn the midnight oil tonight.
I’ll buy a Ford.
I’ll buy a new one.
I’ll buy a pen for him.
I’ll buy a through ticket to Hakata.
I’ll buy a watch for my son.
I’ll buy him a pencil.
I’ll buy that old clock, however expensive it is.
I’ll buy this desk for him.
I’ll buy this.
I’ll buy you a beer.
I’ll buy you a drink.
I’ll buy you whatever clothes you want.
I’ll call a repairman I know who’ll be at your house to fix the washing machine promptly.
I’ll call after going home tomorrow.
I’ll call again later.
I’ll call as soon as I am at the airport.
I’ll call at Mr Brown’s house tomorrow.
I’ll call at your house tomorrow.
I’ll call back as soon as I can.
I’ll call back at four o’clock.
I’ll call back in twenty minutes.
I’ll call by at the post office on the way home.
I’ll call for you at 7 tomorrow morning.
I’ll call for you at 8 tomorrow morning.
I’ll call for you at eight tomorrow morning.
I’ll call for you at six.
I’ll call for you at three.
I’ll call him back later.
I’ll call him before he goes out.
I’ll call him first thing in the morning.
I’ll call him later.
I’ll call him tonight.
I’ll call him.
I’ll call my husband.
I’ll call on Mr Brown tomorrow.
I’ll call on him tomorrow.
I’ll call on you at your office tomorrow.
I’ll call on you on Sunday.
I’ll call on you one of these days.
I’ll call on you, John.
I’ll call them tomorrow when I come back.
I’ll call them tomorrow when I return home.
I’ll call you a taxi.
I’ll call you around five o’clock.
I’ll call you as soon as I get to Chicago.
I’ll call you as soon as I’m free.
I’ll call you at noon.
I’ll call you at seven.
I’ll call you back later.
I’ll call you back soon.
I’ll call you back when I get to the bus stop.
I’ll call you back.
I’ll call you later.
I’ll call you my boss.
I’ll call you some other time.
I’ll call you up again in an hour.
I’ll call you up around eight this evening.
I’ll call you up later.
I’ll call you up this evening.
I’ll call you up tomorrow morning.
I’ll call you up tomorrow.
I’ll call you when I get the results of the examination.
I’ll call you within a week.
I’ll call you.
I’ll carry this case to your place.
I’ll carry this suitcase for you.
I’ll catch up with you later.
I’ll catch up with you soon.
I’ll certainly be sad if he dies.
I’ll certainly do this.
I’ll certainly go and see him.
I’ll charge you 1000 pesetas to repair the zip on these jeans.
I’ll check further into the matter.
I’ll check my schedule.
I’ll check under the couch again.
I’ll check your vision.
I’ll clean up the kitchen later.
I’ll clear these dishes away.
I’ll come again on the tenth.
I’ll come again when you are free.
I’ll come and find you once I’ve finished my work.
I’ll come and see you at 3:00 p.m. on Sunday.
I’ll come and see you later.
I’ll come and see you one of these days.
I’ll come as often as possible.
I’ll come as soon as I can.
I’ll come as soon as ever I can.
I’ll come at five to pick you up at your place.
I’ll come at noon to pick you up.
I’ll come at three o’clock if it is convenient to you.
I’ll come back home as soon as I can.
I’ll come back home at ten.
I’ll come back on the tenth.
I’ll come back soon.
I’ll come back the evening after next.
I’ll come back to Australia the day after tomorrow.
I’ll come back to Japan tomorrow.
I’ll come back.
I’ll come by 10.
I’ll come by and pick you up tomorrow morning.
I’ll come by tomorrow morning.
I’ll come here again tomorrow.
I’ll come here as soon as possible.
I’ll come home and we’ll calmly talk about everything.
I’ll come home by six o’clock.
I’ll come if necessary.
I’ll come in for a nice profit if land values continue to rise.
I’ll come on May 23rd.
I’ll come over after I finish the work.
I’ll come provided you drive slowly.
I’ll come right now.
I’ll come straight to the point. You’re fired.
I’ll come to pick it up later.
I’ll come to your house later.
I’ll come to your place.
I’ll come when I have done my homework.
I’ll come without fail tomorrow morning.
I’ll consider your suggestion.
I’ll consult a doctor as I have a bad cold.
I’ll continue to support him as he learns.
I’ll cook for you tonight.
I’ll cook tonight.
I’ll cover for you.
I’ll create obstacles in paths you wish to take.
I’ll cry for you.
I’ll deal out three to each.
I’ll definitely do that.
I’ll deliver it as soon as I can.
I’ll demonstrate how this machine works.
I’ll discard my old jacket.
I’ll discuss the matter with my boss.
I’ll do all I can.
I’ll do anything but that job.
I’ll do anything in the interests of humanity.
I’ll do anything.
I’ll do as you advise.
I’ll do everything I can.
I’ll do everything for you, so you have only to wait here.
I’ll do everything within my power to make sure your children are safe.
I’ll do everything you tell me to do.
I’ll do it according to your instructions.
I’ll do it by all means.
I’ll do it by myself too.
I’ll do it for a cake.
I’ll do it if they pay me.
I’ll do it later on.
I’ll do it with pleasure.
I’ll do it, but there’s one condition.
I’ll do it, if you insist.
I’ll do it.
I’ll do my best not to disturb your studying.
I’ll do my best on the test.
I’ll do my best to ensure that such mistakes don’t occur in the future.
I’ll do my best to have no regrets.
I’ll do my best to have nothing left to do!
I’ll do my best to pass the examination.
I’ll do my best, but I’ll not be able to finish it before Thursday at best.
I’ll do my best.
I’ll do my homework after I watch television.
I’ll do my homework later.
I’ll do that first thing in the morning.
I’ll do that without fail.
I’ll do the best I can.
I’ll do the dishes, since you’ve cooked.
I’ll do the rest of the work another time.
I’ll do the shooting.
I’ll do the shopping for you.
I’ll do the work tomorrow.
I’ll do what I can to help you.
I’ll do what you ask.
I’ll do whatever I can to help you.
I’ll do whatever I have to do to put Tom behind bars.
I’ll do whatever you want me to do.
I’ll do your shopping, clean up the house, and cook your dinner for you.
I’ll drink chai.
I’ll drive to Detroit.
I’ll drive you home.
I’ll drive you to the airport.
I’ll drop by the post office on the way home.
I’ll drop if I don’t sit down.
I’ll drop in on you sometime in the near future.
I’ll drop you a few lines.
I’ll drop you a line when I get to Tokyo.
I’ll drop you off at the station.
I’ll eat here.
I’ll eat it here.
I’ll eat my hat if my candidate does not win the election.
I’ll eat my hat if, by some chance, my team loses to yours.
I’ll either write to you or phone you next week.
I’ll enjoy showing you around the city.
I’ll excuse your carelessness this time.
I’ll expect to hear from you by Tuesday.
I’ll expect you next week.
I’ll explain how to take this medicine.
I’ll explain in detail next week.
I’ll explain it to you.
I’ll explain the matter to you later on.
I’ll explain to you how to use it when I come back.
I’ll feed it to you so ... here, open wide.
I’ll figure it out.
I’ll find a good time to tell Father about it.
I’ll find one later.
I’ll find someone to fill in for you.
I’ll finish it as quickly as I can.
I’ll finish it in one hour.
I’ll finish the work in a week or less.
I’ll finish the work in a week, that is, on May 5th.
I’ll finish the work in a week, that is, on May fifth.
I’ll fix a drink.
I’ll fix a sandwich or something for your lunch.
I’ll fix it up all right.
I’ll fix it up with him.
I’ll fix you some coffee.
I’ll fix you up for the night.
I’ll focus on the market development for 1999.
I’ll follow you wherever you go.
I’ll follow you, come hell or high water.
I’ll follow.
I’ll foot the bill.
I’ll forgive you just this once.
I’ll gain weight again!
I’ll get Meg to do my work during my absence.
I’ll get a bucket of water.
I’ll get even with you for this insult!
I’ll get even with you!
I’ll get even with you, if it takes me the rest of my life.
I’ll get him to carry my suitcase upstairs.
I’ll get him to carry this case upstairs.
I’ll get hold of you tomorrow and set up a time.
I’ll get in touch with Jim and ask him to come over.
I’ll get in touch with Tom by telephone tomorrow and ask him to give us a hand.
I’ll get in touch with you again about this matter.
I’ll get in touch with you again when I know more clearly about that plan.
I’ll get in touch with you as soon as I arrive.
I’ll get in touch with you as soon as I return from America.
I’ll get in touch with you as soon as possible.
I’ll get in touch with you by phone tomorrow.
I’ll get in touch with you soon.
I’ll get in.
I’ll get it through in a couple of minutes.
I’ll get it.
I’ll get my son to go instead of going myself.
I’ll get my son to make the plan.
I’ll get my son to wash my car somehow or other.
I’ll get off at the next station.
I’ll get off here.
I’ll get permission from my superior.
I’ll get some glasses.
I’ll get something to drink for both of you.
I’ll get something to eat.
I’ll get the work done by the time he gets back.
I’ll get there as soon as I can.
I’ll get there before you will.
I’ll get this bag for you.
I’ll get through it.
I’ll get through the work in an hour.
I’ll get to it right away.
I’ll get up your drive for English study.
I’ll get you a nice girl.
I’ll get you off from work.
I’ll get you the info you need by next week.
I’ll get you whatever you want.
I’ll give a copy to anyone who asks for it.
I’ll give anything that isn’t this.
I’ll give her some flowers.
I’ll give him a buzz.
I’ll give him a call tonight.
I’ll give him a pen.
I’ll give him a piece of advice.
I’ll give him this message the moment he arrives.
I’ll give him your message when he comes.
I’ll give it back next Monday without fail.
I’ll give it some thought.
I’ll give the room a good cleaning.
I’ll give them to you as a rough guide.
I’ll give these kittens to whoever likes cats.
I’ll give these puppies to whoever likes dogs.
I’ll give this apple to whoever wants it.
I’ll give this book to whoever wants it.
I’ll give up drinking once and for all.
I’ll give up smoking.
I’ll give you 10 dollars for it.
I’ll give you Dr. Shiegal’s telephone number.
I’ll give you a book.
I’ll give you a call before I visit you.
I’ll give you a call in the morning.
I’ll give you a call when I get home.
I’ll give you a call.
I’ll give you a check-up.
I’ll give you a day to think about it.
I’ll give you a good piece of advice.
I’ll give you a lift if you like.
I’ll give you a lift.
I’ll give you a local anaesthetic.
I’ll give you a painkilling injection.
I’ll give you a piece of advice.
I’ll give you a piece of good advice.
I’ll give you a piece of my mind.
I’ll give you a prescription.
I’ll give you a present.
I’ll give you a ride.
I’ll give you a ring in the evening.
I’ll give you a ring on today.
I’ll give you a ring tomorrow morning.
I’ll give you a shot.
I’ll give you a temporary treatment.
I’ll give you an answer in a day or two.
I’ll give you anaesthesia.
I’ll give you anything but this.
I’ll give you anything that you want.
I’ll give you anything you want within reason.
I’ll give you anything you want.
I’ll give you as many as you like.
I’ll give you back the money tomorrow.
I’ll give you either of these stamps.
I’ll give you five dollars.
I’ll give you five minutes to work out this problem.
I’ll give you moral support.
I’ll give you my typewriter in exchange for that radio.
I’ll give you our answer after we go into your proposal in greater detail.
I’ll give you that article.
I’ll give you the article I wrote on that matter.
I’ll give you the ice cream after you eat all the carrots.
I’ll give you this camera.
I’ll give you this money.
I’ll give you this pendant.
I’ll gladly pay you anytime.
I’ll go and get you a cup of coffee.
I’ll go and get you a doctor.
I’ll go and meet him, if it’s necessary.
I’ll go and see what the children are doing.
I’ll go ask him if he can speak Japanese.
I’ll go by car.
I’ll go meet him soon.
I’ll go no matter what.
I’ll go on QQ immediately.
I’ll go on living without you.
I’ll go out after having dinner.
I’ll go out and buy one as soon as I can.
I’ll go shopping tomorrow.
I’ll go there at 10.
I’ll go to Hokkaido next month with my friend.
I’ll go to Kyoto.
I’ll go to the hospital today.
I’ll go to the park.
I’ll go with you as far as the bridge.
I’ll have Tom go right away.
I’ll have a coffee and a croissant.
I’ll have a coffee, please.
I’ll have a think about where to meet and we can confirm nearer the time.
I’ll have exams right after the summer holidays.
I’ll have her call you when she gets back.
I’ll have it ready for you by tomorrow.
I’ll have it up and running in no time.
I’ll have my eggs sunny side up.
I’ll have rice, miso soup and natto.
I’ll have skim milk.
I’ll have them repair my car.
I’ll have this radio fixed tomorrow.
I’ll have to call you back.
I’ll have to catch the 8:15 train to Paris.
I’ll have to come here every year.
I’ll have to find a part-time job.
I’ll have to fire you if you come late so often.
I’ll have to get my parent’s permission to go to the dance with you.
I’ll have to go and see what I can do.
I’ll have to have my camera repaired.
I’ll have to let you know.
I’ll have to make amends to them for my mistake.
I’ll have to make do with the old car for a while.
I’ll have to see how my schedule looks.
I’ll have to study ten hours tomorrow.
I’ll have to take a make-up test in English next week.
I’ll have to tell her the truth tomorrow.
I’ll have to think about it.
I’ll have to work overtime every day next week.
I’ll have tomato and onion.
I’ll have two hot dogs with mustard and ketchup.
I’ll have visited Canada twice if I go there again.
I’ll have worked here ten years next April.
I’ll have you all speaking fluent English within a year.
I’ll hear all of you in turn.
I’ll help my mother wash the dishes after supper.
I’ll help you after work if I’m not too tired.
I’ll help you as far as I can.
I’ll help you as long as I live.
I’ll help you as much as I can.
I’ll help you as soon as I’ve done that.
I’ll help you if possible.
I’ll help you so long as you do your best.
I’ll help you to the best of my power.
I’ll help you with pleasure if you want me to.
I’ll help you within the limits of my ability.
I’ll hide and you find me. O.K.?
I’ll hire whoever he recommends.
I’ll hold your bag while you put on your coat.
I’ll introduce you to my mother.
I’ll invite whoever wants to come.
I’ll join in ten minutes.
I’ll join you in the library.
I’ll join you later.
I’ll just cross that bridge when I come to it.
I’ll just go for a walk to clear my head.
I’ll just have to improvise.
I’ll just introduce myself.
I’ll just slick my hair back.
I’ll keep Thursday open for you.
I’ll keep it in mind.
I’ll keep looking until I find them.
I’ll keep my feelings to myself for now.
I’ll keep my feelings under wraps.
I’ll keep my fingers crossed.
I’ll keep my word, whatever may happen.
I’ll keep that book for myself.
I’ll keep the matter in mind.
I’ll keep this cake for myself.
I’ll keep this for future use.
I’ll keep your problems in mind.
I’ll kill him.
I’ll kill you! Knock your block off and grind you underfoot! You shithead! Die!
I’ll kill you.
I’ll know a bit more when I've spoken to Mary.
I’ll leave Osaka for Tokyo tomorrow.
I’ll leave Tokyo for Osaka tonight.
I’ll leave Tokyo tonight.
I’ll leave a key with my next-door neighbour in case you get here before I do.
I’ll leave everything to you.
I’ll leave it to you to buy the tickets.
I’ll leave it up to your imagination.
I’ll leave my daughter’s education to you, after I’m gone.
I’ll leave my number in case you want to call me.
I’ll leave that to you.
I’ll leave the book for you with my neighbour.
I’ll leave the decision to you.
I’ll leave the rest to you.
I’ll leave this work to you.
I’ll leave tomorrow, weather permitting.
I’ll leave when she comes back.
I’ll leave you to it.
I’ll leave you to lock up.
I’ll lend it to you.
I’ll lend you money, but mind you, this is the last time.
I’ll lend you my notebook.
I’ll lend you one if you like.
I’ll lend you some books of my brother’s.
I’ll lend you the book, provided you return it next week.
I’ll lend you the money, but mind you, this is the last time.
I’ll lend you this book.
I’ll lend you this dictionary.
I’ll lend you what little money I have on me.
I’ll let it go this time.
I’ll let you decide.
I’ll let you know all about it later on.
I’ll let you know beforehand.
I’ll let you know if I find anything interesting.
I’ll let you know if Tom shows up early.
I’ll let you know if anything comes up.
I’ll let you know in a day or so.
I’ll let you know in advance.
I’ll let you know later.
I’ll let you know my decision after I have consulted my lawyer.
I’ll let you know my decision after I have consulted my solicitor.
I’ll let you know the result as soon as it is made public.
I’ll let you know the results as soon as I can.
I’ll let you know the results of the examination after they are announced.
I’ll let you know when it has been decided.
I’ll let you know when she arrives.
I’ll let you know when we come to the station.
I’ll let you off doing the dishes.
I’ll let you off this time, but I don’t ever want to catch you stealing again.
I’ll live on welfare.
I’ll loan her mine.
I’ll look after my parents when they get old.
I’ll look after that child.
I’ll look after the children while you go shopping.
I’ll look after your affairs when you are dead.
I’ll look after your child while you are away.
I’ll look around the city today.
I’ll look forward to it.
I’ll look it over after I come back.
I’ll look over your essay as soon as I can find the time.
I’ll look up the location of the town on my map.
I’ll look up this word in the dictionary.
I’ll look you up when I visit New York.
I’ll love you for the rest of my days.
I’ll love you forever.
I’ll mail this letter today.
I’ll mail this questionnaire as soon as I finish.
I’ll mail you the report in a jiffy, so you won’t have to wait long.
I’ll make a little money, and Mr White will never know.
I’ll make a model plane for you.
I’ll make a phone call.
I’ll make allowances for your lack of experience.
I’ll make an effort to get up early every morning.
I’ll make an exception just this once.
I’ll make every possible effort to meet your request.
I’ll make it up for you.
I’ll make some coffee.
I’ll make some more sandwiches, in case more children arrive.
I’ll make sure it doesn’t happen again.
I’ll make sure of it.
I’ll make tea for you.
I’ll make the room comfortable.
I’ll make this a special case, but try to keep it short.
I’ll make up for it.
I’ll make you a model plane.
I’ll make you a new suit.
I’ll make you a present of a doll.
I’ll make you happy no matter what happens.
I’ll make you happy.
I’ll manage to fit you in next week.
I’ll mark where there are mistakes in your writing.
I’ll meet him at the earliest opportunity possible.
I’ll meet him tomorrow.
I’ll meet them at six.
I’ll meet to you at eight.
I’ll meet you at the ball park.
I’ll meet you at the usual time.
I’ll meet you down at the station tomorrow.
I’ll meet you guys in Korea!
I’ll meet you in the lobby at three.
I’ll meet you tomorrow.
I’ll miss the English class today.
I’ll miss you so much when you leave in June.
I’ll miss you so much.
I’ll miss you very much if you go.
I’ll miss you very much.
I’ll miss you when you’re gone.
I’ll miss you.
I’ll miss your cooking.
I’ll monitor your progress from my computer.
I’ll move soon.
I’ll need at least three days to translate that thesis.
I’ll need to check my schedule.
I’ll never be able to look him in the face again.
I’ll never be able to play again.
I’ll never come back.
I’ll never do anything by halves.
I’ll never do this again.
I’ll never fail to meet your expectations.
I’ll never fail you.
I’ll never find a keyboard patch that actually sounds like an electric guitar.
I’ll never forget going to Hawaii with her.
I’ll never forget having a good time with you all.
I’ll never forget him as long as I live.
I’ll never forget how kind you have been.
I’ll never forget meeting you.
I’ll never forget seeing her on the stage.
I’ll never forget seeing her.
I’ll never forget seeing you.
I’ll never forget shaking the President’s hand last year.
I’ll never forget taking the exam.
I’ll never forget talking with him there.
I’ll never forget the day when we first met.
I’ll never forget the sound the crash made.
I’ll never forget this experience.
I’ll never forget to meet you.
I’ll never forget visiting Paris last summer.
I’ll never forget what Father said then.
I’ll never forget what you told me.
I’ll never forget you as long as I live.
I’ll never forget you.
I’ll never forget your kindness as long as I live.
I’ll never forget your kindness.
I’ll never leave you.
I’ll never let you down.
I’ll never lose hope.
I’ll never overlook your mistakes again.
I’ll never quit, never curry favor, and never look back!
I’ll never see her again.
I’ll never see him again as long as I live.
I’ll never set foot in this house again.
I’ll never tell this to anyone.
I’ll never use a computer again.
I’ll not be at home next Sunday.
I’ll not divorce you, unless you give me a good reason.
I’ll offer him what help I can.
I’ll only be staying a few days.
I’ll only buy the car if they fix the brakes first.
I’ll open the curtain for you to look out.
I’ll order that later.
I’ll overlook your conduct this time.
I’ll pay by Visa.
I’ll pay by cheque.
I’ll pay double the price.
I’ll pay for it.
I’ll pay the bill.
I’ll pay the money for your lunch today.
I’ll pay with my card.
I’ll pay with travelers’ checks.
I’ll pay you a visit at your house tomorrow.
I’ll pay you back a week from today, that is, on July 21.
I’ll pay you back a week from today, that is, on July 21st.
I’ll pay you back as soon as I can.
I’ll pay you back as soon as I have money.
I’ll pay you back once I receive my salary.
I’ll pay you back with my calculus notes.
I’ll pay.
I’ll peel an orange for you.
I’ll personally visit you.
I’ll phone again later.
I’ll phone them tomorrow when I come home.
I’ll phone you as soon as I arrive in Shanghai.
I’ll phone you as soon as I get to the airport.
I’ll phone you later.
I’ll phone you.
I’ll pick him up at 5.
I’ll pick up the photographs at six o’clock.
I’ll pick you up at your home at five.
I’ll pick you up at your home.
I’ll play a sonata for you.
I’ll play the villain to your hopeful story.
I’ll play with Naoko this afternoon.
I’ll pound you at thumb wars anytime.
I’ll prepare sashimi for dinner.
I’ll prepare the chicken if you make some soup.
I’ll probably be gone before you get back.
I’ll protect her with my life.
I’ll punch the clock.
I’ll punch your lights out!
I’ll put his courage to the test.
I’ll put off my visit to England till the weather is warmer.
I’ll put some coffee on.
I’ll put some salt in the soup.
I’ll put some salt on the meat.
I’ll put the old bridge back.
I’ll put you through to the president.
I’ll put your call through in a minute.
I’ll quit my job for the sake of my health.
I’ll race you to the bus stop.
I’ll raise my hand as a signal.
I’ll reach to the moon.
I’ll read a book while you’re sleeping.
I’ll read you the poem I wrote just now.
I’ll recommend him as chairman, whether you are in favor of it or not.
I’ll recommend him as chairman, whether you are in favour of it or not.
I’ll reconsider the matter.
I’ll rely on my father for half of my tuition.
I’ll remember that.
I’ll remember this incident for good.
I’ll remember you forever.
I’ll remind you of past failures to steal your joy.
I’ll return at 6:30.
I’ll return at half past six.
I’ll return home in a while.
I’ll return immediately.
I’ll return to get my handbag.
I’ll review any grounds for appeal.
I’ll ring back at midday.
I’ll ring them tomorrow when I come home.
I’ll ring you back.
I’ll ring you up at seven this evening.
I’ll ring you up tonight.
I’ll run over there later, in my car.
I’ll say no more.
I’ll say this: I am innocent.
I’ll scold him.
I’ll see about getting the tickets.
I’ll see her no more.
I’ll see him again.
I’ll see him next Friday.
I’ll see if he is in.
I’ll see if there’s anything I can do.
I’ll see that it never happens again.
I’ll see to it that I will never be late again.
I’ll see to it that it never happens again.
I’ll see to it that you have a raise after the first year.
I’ll see to it that you meet her at the party.
I’ll see to it.
I’ll see to the arrangements for the party.
I’ll see what I can do.
I’ll see you Saturday.
I’ll see you a week from today.
I’ll see you again this afternoon.
I’ll see you at nine tomorrow morning.
I’ll see you at the library tomorrow.
I’ll see you back at home.
I’ll see you in a bit.
I’ll see you in the new year.
I’ll see you later.
I’ll see you next Wednesday.
I’ll see you next month.
I’ll see you next summer.
I’ll see you soon.
I’ll see you today, at around twelve.
I’ll see you tomorrow at the library.
I’ll see you tonight.
I’ll see you whenever it suits you.
I’ll seek to undermine your confidence at every turn.
I’ll send my man to you with the letter.
I’ll send someone up to help you now.
I’ll send the book by mail.
I’ll send you home in my car.
I’ll send you your clothes and some other things next month by express delivery.
I’ll serve you a cup of nice and hot coffee.
I’ll set aside next Sunday for a picnic with my family.
I’ll set out for China next week.
I’ll set the alarm for seven o’clock.
I’ll share both troubles and joys with you.
I’ll show my album to you.
I’ll show you around the city.
I’ll show you around the town.
I’ll show you how to catch fish.
I’ll show you how to separate gold from sand.
I’ll show you my new car.
I’ll show you my room.
I’ll show you that I am right.
I’ll show you the car I’ve just bought.
I’ll show you the city.
I’ll show you the way to the station.
I’ll show you the way.
I’ll show you to his office and introduce you to him.
I’ll show you to the station.
I’ll show you where.
I’ll shut you out.
I’ll sleep on it.
I’ll soon catch up with you.
I’ll soon finish reading this novel.
I’ll soon register for a course in German.
I’ll spare you the details.
I’ll speak to anyone at extension 214.
I’ll speak to him at the first opportunity.
I’ll speak to you at a more convenient time.
I’ll spend at least two hours wrapping all these Christmas presents.
I’ll spread rumors just to plant seeds of doubt.
I’ll stand behind you if you are going to do it.
I’ll stand by you in time of need.
I’ll stand by you no matter what happens.
I’ll stand by you no matter what others may say.
I’ll stand by you through thick and thin.
I’ll stand by you whatever happens.
I’ll stand up for what I believe in and won’t yield to any threats.
I’ll stand up for you.
I’ll stand you a dinner.
I’ll stand, thank you!
I’ll start swimming very soon.
I’ll start with a beer.
I’ll stay at home the next time she comes.
I’ll stay at home today.
I’ll stay at home tomorrow.
I’ll stay here for a bit.
I’ll stay here if you really want me to.
I’ll stay here till you get back.
I’ll stay here until ten.
I’ll stay home if it rains tomorrow.
I’ll stay home in case it rains tomorrow.
I’ll stay home today.
I’ll stay home.
I’ll stay if it rains.
I’ll stay in the house today.
I’ll stay there till six o’clock.
I’ll stay until tomorrow.
I’ll stop giving them chocolate on Valentine’s Day.
I’ll stop speaking to you in French.
I’ll study harder in the future.
I’ll study your report.
I’ll succeed if I keep going.
I’ll sue you.
I’ll support him.
I’ll support you as long as I live.
I’ll support you as much as I can.
I’ll sweep the floor while you wash the dishes.
I’ll take a cup of tea.
I’ll take a glass of champagne.
I’ll take a rain check on that.
I’ll take a shortcut across the garden.
I’ll take a shower.
I’ll take a steak.
I’ll take a time-out.
I’ll take a trip to Kyoto next month.
I’ll take a vacation this week.
I’ll take an impression of your teeth.
I’ll take attendance first.
I’ll take back all I said.
I’ll take care of him as if he was my own brother.
I’ll take care of it.
I’ll take care of the bill.
I’ll take care of the dog till tomorrow.
I’ll take care of the dog while you are out.
I’ll take care of the laundry today.
I’ll take care of this dog.
I’ll take care of your child tonight.
I’ll take care that you don’t meet with any injury.
I’ll take good care of it until then.
I’ll take him with me to the hospital.
I’ll take him.
I’ll take in the washing before it rains.
I’ll take it.
I’ll take my chances with you.
I’ll take my coffee black.
I’ll take my cue from you.
I’ll take my father’s place.
I’ll take my revenge on him at all costs tomorrow.
I’ll take over your duties while you are away from Japan.
I’ll take over your duties.
I’ll take over your job.
I’ll take some X-rays of your teeth.
I’ll take that as a compliment.
I’ll take the next bus.
I’ll take the red one.
I’ll take the responsibility on my shoulders.
I’ll take the yellow one.
I’ll take them to Kate.
I’ll take these roses.
I’ll take this coat.
I’ll take this one.
I’ll take this umbrella.
I’ll take this: I like the colour.
I’ll take three of each sort.
I’ll take whoever wants to go.
I’ll take you on at tennis.
I’ll take you there one of these days.
I’ll take you there.
I’ll take you wherever you want to go and buy you whatever your heart desires.
I’ll take your ECG.
I’ll take your EEG.
I’ll take your brain to another dimension, I’m gonna send him to outer space, find another race.
I’ll take your suitcase to your room, sir.
I’ll take your suitcase to your room.
I’ll talk it over with Marty and see what he thinks.
I’ll talk the matter over with my father.
I’ll talk to him at the earliest possible moment.
I’ll teach you how to drive a car.
I’ll teach you to do that again.
I’ll tell Daddy on you.
I’ll tell him so then.
I’ll tell him so when he comes here.
I’ll tell him so when he comes.
I’ll tell him that.
I’ll tell him to call you back.
I’ll tell him when he comes here.
I’ll tell him, if I don’t forget.
I’ll tell you a secret.
I’ll tell you a story.
I’ll tell you about my father.
I’ll tell you all I know about it.
I’ll tell you everything about it.
I’ll tell you how to swim.
I’ll tell you my story.
I’ll tell you one thing: I wouldn’t like to have his job.
I’ll tell you only if you promise to keep it to yourself.
I’ll tell you the truth.
I’ll tell you what.
I’ll think about it and get back to you.
I’ll think about it.
I’ll think it over.
I’ll transfer you to the right person.
I’ll travel across Europe by bicycle this summer.
I’ll treasure it.
I’ll treasure your kind words.
I’ll treat this play simply as a tragedy.
I’ll treat you to dinner if you help me.
I’ll treat you to sushi.
I’ll treat you.
I’ll try Jane for some money.
I’ll try again, thank you.
I’ll try as hard as I can.
I’ll try giving the book "Reiko’s Recommended" a quick skim read on the spot.
I’ll try harder next time.
I’ll try her out as a secretary.
I’ll try my best today, too.
I’ll try my hand at cooking.
I’ll try my luck.
I’ll try not to be late in the future.
I’ll try not to disappoint you next time.
I’ll try not to make mistakes next time.
I’ll try to explain it to the best of my ability.
I’ll try to explain it to you to the best of my ability.
I’ll try to finish it in time as best I can.
I’ll try to jump over this stream on a horse.
I’ll try to meet your wishes.
I’ll try to shape my ideas into a book.
I’ll try to stay on your good side, lest I get cut in two by that acerbic tongue of yours.
I’ll turn off the fire first, and run to a safe place.
I’ll turn off the light when I’m good and ready!
I’ll turn over a new leaf and study English very hard.
I’ll twist compliments into criticisms every chance I get.
I’ll use it a bit this evening, and try my best to give it back to you tomorrow.
I’ll use the top concepts as a starting point for our continued ideation, sketches, sketch models, etc…
I’ll visit Mr. Brown tomorrow.
I’ll visit him tomorrow.
I’ll visit my uncle next week.
I’ll visit you on Sunday, if I don’t write you to the contrary.
I’ll visit you tomorrow.
I’ll wait another five minutes.
I’ll wait for him for an hour.
I’ll wait for the dust to settle.
I’ll wait for you downstairs.
I’ll wait for you in my room.
I’ll wait for you.
I’ll wait here till he comes back.
I’ll wait here until he comes back.
I’ll wait here until my medicine is ready.
I’ll wait here until she comes.
I’ll wait here until they come back.
I’ll wait till four o’clock.
I’ll wait till noon.
I’ll wait until eight o’clock.
I’ll wait until four o’clock.
I’ll wait until you finish the work.
I’ll wash the dishes.
I’ll watch TV at home or something.
I’ll watch it.
I’ll water the garden.
I’ll wear a red dress tonight.
I’ll wear the blue dress.
I’ll win no matter what it takes.
I’ll work as long as I live.
I’ll work that into my tight schedule.
I’ll write it on the blackboard.
I’ll write or phone you next week.
I’ll write to you or I’ll phone you next week.
I’ll write you as soon as I arrive there.
I’ll write you or I’ll phone you next week.
I’m 1.9 meters tall.
I’m 17, too.
I’m 18 years old.
I’m 19.
I’m 24 years old.
I’m 24.
I’m 25 years old.
I’m 27.
I’m Alan Tate, Terry Tate’s son.
I’m Alex. We met last week at the hotel.
I’m Charlie.
I’m Farshad.
I’m Finnish.
I’m French.
I’m Helen Cartwright’s daughter.
I’m Italian.
I’m Japanese, but I don’t live in Japan.
I’m Josef PatoÄka and I work at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
I’m Korean.
I’m Nana. I’m Hideki Yamauchi’s daughter.
I’m OK.
I’m Paul, your roommate.
I’m President of the United States and I’m not going to eat any more broccoli.
I’m Shanghainese.
I’m Susan Greene.
I’m Tanaka and I just moved in next door. Please treat me well.
I’m Tom Hunter.
I’m a 24-year-old American; I go by Steve.
I’m a British girl from Manchester.
I’m a French citizen.
I’m a Japanese language teacher.
I’m a Japanese teacher.
I’m a TV addict.
I’m a Windows person.
I’m a baker.
I’m a bank clerk.
I’m a beginner, so I think I’ll start from a ’garter stitch’ muffler or a ’knit-one-purl-one stitch’ one.
I’m a beginner-level student.
I’m a big fan of American cooking.
I’m a big fan of Getter Jaani.
I’m a big fan of golf.
I’m a bit down because a blogger friend of mine has decided to stop blogging.
I’m a bit hungry.
I’m a bit of a reader myself.
I’m a bit pushed for money.
I’m a bit serious today, but please bear with me.
I’m a bit short of money now.
I’m a bit tired.
I’m a bit tired. I think I’ll go to bed.
I’m a careful man.
I’m a cheese connoisseur.
I’m a citizen of Earth.
I’m a college student.
I’m a company man - an ordinary salaried office worker.
I’m a computer scientist.
I’m a consulting detective.
I’m a councillor, too.
I’m a country boy now.
I’m a coward when it comes to cockroaches.
I’m a damage doer.
I’m a deeply religious man and believe in life after death.
I’m a diabetic.
I’m a doctor.
I’m a doctor. How about you?
I’m a fan of Tatoeba.
I’m a female office worker.
I’m a foreigner and I don’t know Czech very well. Please, speak slowly.
I’m a foreigner.
I’m a forty-year-old student at Hyogo University.
I’m a fourth-year student at Hyogo University.
I’m a free man.
I’m a free-lance writer in Japan.
I’m a good cook.
I’m a good sailor.
I’m a good taxi driver.
I’m a good teacher.
I’m a good-for-nothing bum.
I’m a government worker.
I’m a hero.
I’m a high school graduate so I am that much able to answer high school problems and such.
I’m a high school math teacher.
I’m a high school student.
I’m a holder of ABC Travel Insurance.
I’m a human.
I’m a journalist.
I’m a junior high school student.
I’m a lefty.
I’m a light sleeper.
I’m a little angry with you.
I’m a little bit hungry.
I’m a little child.
I’m a little crazy.
I’m a little hesitant about asking her for a favor.
I’m a little hesitant to ask a favor of that person.
I’m a little hungry.
I’m a little low on cash right now.
I’m a little old fashioned, you know.
I’m a little out of touch with new technology.
I’m a little taller than you.
I’m a little tired.
I’m a lock without a key.
I’m a man born in the Showa era.
I’m a man without a woman.
I’m a man.
I’m a management consultant.
I’m a member of the glee club.
I’m a member of the swimming club.
I’m a member of the tennis club.
I’m a movie fan.
I’m a new student.
I’m a nice guy.
I’m a night owl.
I’m a nomad for life.
I’m a non-native speaker of English and realize there is a lot that I still need to learn.
I’m a nurse.
I’m a person who lives for the moment.
I’m a person who was born during the Showa era.
I’m a person with guts and a strong will.
I’m a person.
I’m a policeman.
I’m a poor carpenter.
I’m a poor student and I can’t pay you.
I’m a popular kid at school.
I’m a professor, or rather an associate professor, to be exact.
I’m a radio ham.
I’m a real loser in English.
I’m a realistic person.
I’m a regular at a restaurant in this neighborhood. Let’s have lunch there today.
I’m a salesman for our company.
I’m a salesman.
I’m a salesperson.
I’m a self-supporting student so I can’t have that sort of high class thing.
I’m a serious office lady and a good wife and mother at home.
I’m a shutterbug.
I’m a starved spider.
I’m a straight man.
I’m a straight woman.
I’m a stranger here myself.
I’m a stranger here myself. I’m afraid I can’t help you.
I’m a stranger here.
I’m a stranger in these parts.
I’m a student.
I’m a stupid old maid in my thirties.
I’m a teacher.
I’m a tennis player.
I’m a thief, I’ll go back when I’ve taken the stuff. Report me and I’ll stab you.
I’m a thirty-year-old unmarried woman.
I’m a total stranger to things of this kind.
I’m a tourist, too!
I’m a translator.
I’m a university student.
I’m a vegetarian not because I love animals, but because I hate plants.
I’m a vegetarian who eats a ton of meat.
I’m a vegetarian, so I’d rather not have meat, if that’s okay.
I’m a woman and I don’t think that it’s strange at all.
I’m a womaniser.
I’m a zero.
I’m able to run.
I’m able to ski.
I’m able to speak, and only speak, Japanese.
I’m able to swim.
I’m about ready to go.
I’m about ready.
I’m about tired of this quiet life.
I’m about to enter Hungary. I’ll call you at 8:30.
I’m about to go out.
I’m about to kill the big boss.
I’m about to leave.
I’m about to tell you something important.
I’m about to tell you the answer.
I’m above telling lies.
I’m absolutely burnt out.
I’m absolutely sure!
I’m accustomed to getting up early.
I’m accustomed to sitting up late.
I’m accustomed to sleeping in a room without air conditioning.
I’m aching to go to Australia.
I’m aching to tell this good news to my family.
I’m actually a mutt.
I’m actually a university teacher.
I’m adamant that you should go.
I’m addicted to Tatoeba.
I’m addicted to chocolate and ice cream.
I’m addicted to translating sentences from French into English on Tatoeba, and Spanish is tempting me sorely.
I’m afraid I am not at liberty to do that.
I’m afraid I cannot make myself understood in English.
I’m afraid I can’t accept your invitation.
I’m afraid I can’t afford to buy a new car.
I’m afraid I can’t do that.
I’m afraid I can’t do that. Leaving the cooker while frying is completely out of the question.
I’m afraid I can’t finish them in time.
I’m afraid I can’t help you now.
I’m afraid I can’t help you.
I’m afraid I can’t help you. You must ask someone else.
I’m afraid I can’t make a nine o’clock appointment.
I’m afraid I can’t make it at that time.
I’m afraid I can’t right now.
I’m afraid I can’t.
I’m afraid I caught a cold.
I’m afraid I didn’t explain it too well.
I’m afraid I differ with you on this point.
I’m afraid I dislocated my right arm.
I’m afraid I don’t know what you mean.
I’m afraid I have a crack in my right arm.
I’m afraid I have a polyp in my nose.
I’m afraid I have addressed the parcel wrongly.
I’m afraid I have an inflammation in my eyes.
I’m afraid I have an upset stomach.
I’m afraid I have internal bleeding.
I’m afraid I have neuralgia.
I’m afraid I have taken a wrong train.
I’m afraid I have to disagree with you about this project.
I’m afraid I have to go now.
I’m afraid I have water in my knee joint.
I’m afraid I must say goodbye.
I’m afraid I spilled coffee on the tablecloth.
I’m afraid I took your umbrella by mistake.
I’m afraid I won’t be able to make it for our luncheon appointment.
I’m afraid I won’t be able to make myself understand in English.
I’m afraid I won’t be able to take part in the meeting tonight.
I’m afraid I’ll have to call it a day.
I’m afraid I’m coming down with a cold.
I’m afraid I’m feeling out of sorts right now.
I’m afraid I’m frigid.
I’m afraid I’m imposing on your hospitality.
I’m afraid I’m not much of a cook.
I’m afraid I’m not much of a musician.
I’m afraid I’ve contracted a venereal disease.
I’m afraid I’ve eaten too much.
I’m afraid I’ve offended you.
I’m afraid I’ve run short of coffee.
I’m afraid a promotion is out of the question now.
I’m afraid all my efforts to help her will be to no purpose.
I’m afraid for his life.
I’m afraid he cannot come.
I’m afraid he is ill.
I’m afraid he will never admit his guilt.
I’m afraid he won’t be here until 1:00.
I’m afraid he’s just gone out.
I’m afraid if Jeremy gets out of line just one more time, they will make him leave school.
I’m afraid it may rain tomorrow.
I’m afraid it will be rainy tomorrow.
I’m afraid it will be rainy.
I’m afraid it will rain tomorrow.
I’m afraid it will rain.
I’m afraid it won’t work.
I’m afraid it’ll rain tonight.
I’m afraid it’s going to rain tomorrow.
I’m afraid it’s going to rain.
I’m afraid it’s not a good idea.
I’m afraid my depth perception is very poor.
I’m afraid my grandma neither has a henhouse nor a motorcycle.
I’m afraid my greatest talent is for eating.
I’m afraid my tonsils are swollen.
I’m afraid my visual field has narrowed.
I’m afraid not.
I’m afraid of discord arising with my husband so I’m turning a blind eye to his mistress.
I’m afraid of earthquakes.
I’m afraid of having the wrong number.
I’m afraid of losing my obscurity. Genuineness only thrives in the dark. Like celery.
I’m afraid of owls.
I’m afraid of spiders.
I’m afraid of the bus.
I’m afraid of wild animals.
I’m afraid she can’t answer.
I’m afraid she may have the mumps.
I’m afraid she will fail.
I’m afraid she will turn down my request.
I’m afraid she won’t accept my explanation.
I’m afraid she’ll keel over before she succeeds.
I’m afraid so.
I’m afraid something is wrong with him.
I’m afraid something is wrong with my watch.
I’m afraid that I might be late.
I’m afraid that I might make you angry.
I’m afraid that he can’t do it.
I’m afraid that my wishes will not be fulfilled.
I’m afraid that place is a little too expensive.
I’m afraid that she’ll refuse my request.
I’m afraid the bank is going to repossess my house.
I’m afraid the book is beyond the reach of his understanding.
I’m afraid the doctor is out.
I’m afraid the job I’ve got for you won’t be easy.
I’m afraid the line is busy.
I’m afraid the story will give him a wrong impression.
I’m afraid the time is not yet ripe for it.
I’m afraid there isn’t any coffee left.
I’m afraid there’s a misunderstanding.
I’m afraid there’s been some awful news.
I’m afraid this data is not reliable.
I’m afraid this job is too much for you.
I’m afraid this key does not fit.
I’m afraid this sounds like a demand, but could you return the money I lent you the other day?
I’m afraid this story is too adult for children to appreciate.
I’m afraid this tie is too loud.
I’m afraid to fall.
I’m afraid to go alone.
I’m afraid to go first, it’s too dark.
I’m afraid to open up about it to him.
I’m afraid we are out of stock.
I’m afraid we can’t go on Monday.
I’m afraid we can’t make up for lost ground.
I’m afraid we can’t rule out the possibility that she may have the disease.
I’m afraid we don’t have any left.
I’m afraid we won’t be able to help you tomorrow.
I’m afraid we’ll lose the game.
I’m afraid we’re going to be late for school.
I’m afraid we’re not in Kansas anymore, said Paul.
I’m afraid we’re quite full at the moment.
I’m afraid you can’t marry her.
I’m afraid you can’t.
I’m afraid you can’t. I have tennis practice later.
I’m afraid you don’t.
I’m afraid you got off at the wrong place.
I’m afraid you have dialed a wrong number.
I’m afraid you have got the wrong number.
I’m afraid you have the wrong number.
I’m afraid you have to work overtime.
I’m afraid you misunderstood me.
I’m afraid you must have misinterpreted my e-mail of Jun 8.
I’m afraid your guess is off the mark.
I’m afraid your guess is wide of the mark.
I’m afraid your plan will not work.
I’m afraid your prediction was wide of the mark.
I’m afraid your request for a pay raise was turned down again.
I’m afraid you’ll have to go in person.
I’m afraid you’ll have to learn to live with the pain.
I’m afraid you’ll need more than a conical hat to be a real wizard.
I’m afraid you’re mistaken.
I’m afraid you’ve taken the wrong seat.
I’m against people driving big cars.
I’m against that resolution.
I’m against the bill.
I’m against the marriage.
I’m against the war.
I’m against us forcing the child to go to cram school.
I’m aghast at the lack of manners, common sense and so on and so forth on the net.
I’m ahead of my work schedule.
I’m alive all right, but don’t ask where or how.
I’m alive in Tokyo.
I’m all ears.
I’m all for her proposal.
I’m all for it.
I’m all for your plan.
I’m all for your suggestion.
I’m all in a dither about the concert.
I’m all in.
I’m all out of ideas.
I’m all out of tricks.
I’m all set to start.
I’m all thumbs in the kitchen.
I’m all thumbs when it comes to origami, or paper folding.
I’m all thumbs.
I’m allergic to aspirin, penicillin, and sulfamides.
I’m allergic to fish.
I’m allergic to peanuts.
I’m allergic to some medicine.
I’m allowing all attacks except on vital organs.
I’m almost another person.
I’m almost done.
I’m almost done. Just give me a minute.
I’m already accustomed to the heat of summer.
I’m already full, thank you.
I’m already late.
I’m already ready.
I’m already seeing it.
I’m already so late.
I’m already used to invitations to participate in club activities.
I’m also in favour so it’s three to one. And thus your objection is overruled.
I’m also taking this train.
I’m also thinking of going to Korea.
I’m always at your service.
I’m always bored with films that have little action.
I’m always bored with his boastful talk.
I’m always busy these days.
I’m always busy with my homework.
I’m always confusing John with Paul.
I’m always forgetting people’s names.
I’m always hungry.
I’m always interested in reading his column.
I’m always looking at you.
I’m always meeting him there.
I’m always moody.
I’m always nervous on airplanes because I can never seem to get the seatbelt latched.
I’m always on call at home.
I’m always proud of my family.
I’m always ready for death.
I’m always surprised at the way he talks to girls.
I’m always surprised by him.
I’m always suspicious of men like him.
I’m always thirsty.
I’m always under pressure.
I’m always under stress.
I’m always very nervous.
I’m always writing strange things, so I’m sure it’s difficult to comment on.
I’m always writing weird and hoopy stuff so I’m sure it’s difficult to comment on.
I’m amazed Sue accepted his proposal.
I’m amazed at his rapid progress in English.
I’m amazed at your fluency in English.
I’m amazed by the ease with which you solve the problem.
I’m amazed by the rate at which industries grow.
I’m amused by his idea of leisure.
I’m an American citizen.
I’m an American patriot.
I’m an alcoholic. I’m a drug addict. I’m homosexual. I’m a genius.
I’m an anthropology research student, and my topic is ’Chinese medicine in the Britain’.
I’m an atheist.
I’m an avid reader of biographies.
I’m an engineer.
I’m an honest person.
I’m an idealist. I don’t know where I’m going, but I’m on my way.
I’m anemic.
I’m angry at the neglect of these children.
I’m angry that she didn’t call me.
I’m angry with her.
I’m angry with my boyfriend for forgetting about Valentine’s Day.
I’m angry with you about this.
I’m angry!
I’m angry.
I’m annoyed about them forgetting to pay.
I’m annoyed at his selfishness.
I’m annoyed at your selfishness.
I’m annoyed by their impudence.
I’m anxious about her health.
I’m anxious about his safety.
I’m anxious for a promotion.
I’m anxious for him to return safe.
I’m anxious that my daughter should succeed.
I’m anxious to know the results of the blood test.
I’m anxious to see you.
I’m anxious whether I’ll do well at this new job.
I’m anything but bright.
I’m appalled at how badly those children behave.
I’m appalled. You leave me speechless.
I’m applying for a job.
I’m as bad at swimming as I am at running.
I’m as busy as ever.
I’m as healthy as a horse.
I’m as hungry as a bear.
I’m as hungry as a horse.
I’m as old as he is.
I’m as strong as before.
I’m as tall as Tom.
I’m as tall as my father.
I’m as tall as you.
I’m as tired as tired can be.
I’m ashamed because I acted foolishly.
I’m ashamed of Japanese politics.
I’m ashamed of myself.
I’m ashamed of you.
I’m ashamed to ask you such a silly question.
I’m ashamed to go out dressed like this.
I’m ashamed to say that it’s true.
I’m ashamed to tell such a muddled story in this dreary, rainy season, but please bear with me for a while.
I’m asking you to do this because I trust you.
I’m assuming you could speed through your testimony just to keep up with our schedule.
I’m asthmatic.
I’m astonished by her cleverness.
I’m at Narita Airport right now.
I’m at Tokyo Station now.
I’m at a complete loss!
I’m at a loss about what to do with the mess.
I’m at a loss for what to do with him. He’s so lazy.
I’m at a loss for what to say.
I’m at a loss for words.
I’m at home.
I’m at my breaking point.
I’m at my wits’ end.
I’m at my wit’s end with this difficult problem.
I’m at my wit’s end.
I’m at my wit’s end. I can’t think of any solution to this problem.
I’m at the LSM to present the Tatoeba project.
I’m at the Libre Software Meeting to present the Tatoeba project.
I’m at the airport now.
I’m at the hospital. I got struck by lightning.
I’m at the library.
I’m at the main lecture hall right now. Udo’s already here as well.
I’m at work now, so I’ll call you later.
I’m attaching three files.
I’m attracted to him.
I’m attractive.
I’m awake.
I’m aware that you failed.
I’m away from home at this time.
I’m awfully sorry that I was late.
I’m back from a two-month-long trip to the States, away from my girlfriend, so she’s going to get a ride tonight.
I’m back! Oh? Have we got a guest?
I’m back.
I’m bad at singing karaoke.
I’m bad at sports.
I’m baking!
I’m basing my story on my childhood.
I’m beat. I’ve been working from dawn to dusk.
I’m beautiful in my way because God makes no mistakes.
I’m beautiful.
I’m begging you, before freaking out on me listen to the end of what I have to say.
I’m begging you, could you stop treating me like a pet?
I’m begging you.
I’m begging you. Don’t make me laugh. I did too many sit-ups yesterday and my stomach muscles hurt.
I’m beginning to believe that we’ll never be able to convince Tom that he’s wrong.
I’m beginning to doubt whether Tom can really understand French all that well.
I’m beginning to feel at ease when I speak in Chinese.
I’m beginning to hate her.
I’m beginning to miss my girlfriend.
I’m beginning to see a pattern.
I’m beginning to see that it’s going to be impossible.
I’m beginning to see what you mean.
I’m beginning to think that I shouldn’t have enlisted in the army.
I’m beginning to understand why Tom loves Boston.
I’m beginning to understand why you don’t bother to try to explain things to Tom.
I’m beginning to understand why you don’t like Tom.
I’m behind and exams are coming up.
I’m behind him.
I’m behind in my paperwork.
I’m being good to you this morning.
I’m being patient.
I’m being picked up.
I’m being sincere when I say that I love you.
I’m beside myself with joy.
I’m best at math.
I’m better than him.
I’m bleeding badly.
I’m bored with the usual schedule.
I’m bored with the usual way of living.
I’m bored, home alone, without cartoons or a computer.
I’m bored.
I’m bored. What should we do?
I’m bottle-feeding my baby.
I’m breaking in my new shoes.
I’m breaking up with you.
I’m breast-feeding my baby.
I’m broke.
I’m bursting for a pee.
I’m bursting for a wee and I can’t find a washroom.
I’m busy all day keeping house.
I’m busy all the time.
I’m busy as a bee.
I’m busy at the moment.
I’m busy because the finals are drawing on.
I’m busy getting ready for tomorrow.
I’m busy looking for an apartment.
I’m busy now.
I’m busy preparing for the trip.
I’m busy right now.
I’m busy today, otherwise I would accept.
I’m busy with my homework.
I’m busy with the work all the time.
I’m busy with work.
I’m busy with writing letters and giving speeches.
I’m busy.
I’m buying a bicycle from David.
I’m buying fruit and chocolate.
I’m buying meat and vegetables.
I’m by no means angry with you.
I’m called Jack.
I’m calling because I’ve lost my credit card.
I’m calling because my credit card has been stolen.
I’m calling her, but she’s not coming.
I’m calling to confirm your appointment.
I’m careful when I zip up my jeans, not to pinch myself.
I’m casting aspersions on his competency as a statistician.
I’m catching on.
I’m catching the 11:00 train.
I’m certain of your success.
I’m certain that he has finished.
I’m certain we can deliver the laboratory equipment by March 15th.
I’m charmed to meet you.
I’m checking out.
I’m checking that it’s not a bad joke.
I’m chilled to the bone.
I’m cleaned out.
I’m closing my store.
I’m cold and wet.
I’m cold.
I’m cold. May I close the window?
I’m color-blind.
I’m coming at once.
I’m coming back.
I’m coming down with a cold.
I’m coming from home.
I’m coming from the garden.
I’m coming home from school early.
I’m coming right away.
I’m coming to see you tomorrow.
I’m coming to the hotel.
I’m coming to you just now.
I’m coming to your party and bringing you an unusual present.
I’m coming with you.
I’m coming.
I’m committed to being the storm in your sunny days.
I’m completely cast down!
I’m completely exhausted.
I’m completely wet because of the heavy rain. Will you come and pick me up with your car?
I’m computer-literate.
I’m concerned about Tom.
I’m concerned about my wife’s hacking cough.
I’m concerned about the result of the exam.
I’m concerned whether or not I can handle a big job like that.
I’m confident of passing the examination.
I’m confident that there won’t be a world war.
I’m confused about how to proceed.
I’m confused about the role of reading in learning.
I’m confused.
I’m confused. What do I do now?
I’m considering going with them.
I’m considering studying in America next year.
I’m considering taking a gap year to develop myself and increase my self-confidence.
I’m constantly studying.
I’m constantly telling her to behave herself.
I’m content with my salary.
I’m contributing.
I’m convinced that my daughter will pass the exam.
I’m convinced that today the majority of Americans want what those first Americans wanted: A better life for themselves and their children; a minimum of government authority.
I’m cooked meals by my mother.
I’m counting how many people there are.
I’m counting on you to be strong.
I’m counting on you to join us.
I’m counting on you.
I’m counting the number of people.
I’m craving pizza for dinner.
I’m craving something different in my life.
I’m crazy about American football.
I’m crazy about football.
I’m crazy about him!
I’m crazy about you.
I’m crazy for you!
I’m crossing the bridge right now.
I’m curious about the things that I’m interested in.
I’m curious to know why they removed my name from the list.
I’m cutting down on sweets.
I’m dead against the plan.
I’m dead set against the plan.
I’m dead tired.
I’m dead to love.
I’m deathly afraid of turning left onto that street.
I’m deeply grateful for your kindness.
I’m deeply grateful.
I’m deeply in love with you.
I’m depending on you.
I’m determined never to give way to temptation.
I’m developing an Android application.
I’m dining out this evening.
I’m disappointed in you.
I’m disappointed that I wasn’t able to go with her.
I’m disappointed that he’s not here.
I’m disappointed with you.
I’m displeased at your negligence.
I’m disturbing you.
I’m doing all I can.
I’m doing fine.
I’m doing my homework.
I’m doing over our house from top to bottom, putting personality into it.
I’m doing some history research and would like to ask you a few questions.
I’m doing the best I can.
I’m doing the cooking.
I’m doing the dishes.
I’m doing this for you.
I’m doing well.
I’m done up.
I’m done with my chores.
I’m done with my homework.
I’m done with that lesson.
I’m done with the monotony of life.
I’m done with this situation.
I’m done with your lies.
I’m double-parked. Could you hurry it up?
I’m doubtful about what I ought to do.
I’m drawn to your optimism; it's something I want to embrace.
I’m drinking a beer right now.
I’m drinking water because I’m thirsty.
I’m dripping with sweat.
I’m driving into town so I can drop you off on the way.
I’m driving on my way to the airport now.
I’m driving to Paris tomorrow.
I’m drowning in sadness falling far behind.
I’m drunk, but I can still speak German.
I’m drunk.
I’m dubious about claims to speak more than five languages fluently.
I’m dying for a beer!
I’m dying for a cold drink.
I’m dying for a cup of coffee.
I’m dying for a piss.
I’m dying for frozen yogurt.
I’m dying for that camera.
I’m dying of back pain.
I’m dying of hunger.
I’m dying of thirst.
I’m dying to go to New York.
I’m dying to see Kumiko.
I’m dying to see Paris.
I’m dying to see my mother.
I’m dying to see you tonight in any event. Please come over by seven.
I’m dying to see you.
I’m e-mailing to follow up on our phone conversation this morning.
I’m eager to be allowed to do more private-sector investment.
I’m eager to explore new possibilities.
I’m eager to start my next project.
I’m easy.
I’m easygoing.
I’m eating a Japanese pear.
I’m eating lunch.
I’m eating now.
I’m eating out this evening.
I’m economically independent of my parents.
I’m employed by a French lawyer.
I’m energyless! I haven’t slept for three days!
I’m engaged tomorrow, so I’ve arranged for someone else to take my place.
I’m enjoying some time outside.
I’m equal to my brother in swimming.
I’m ever so sorry!
I’m excited about the move.
I’m excited about the upcoming vacation.
I’m excited for the concert tonight.
I’m excited to see them start this new chapter together.
I’m excited to see what the future holds.
I’m excited to try out that new restaurant.
I’m excited.
I’m exhausted but content with all I achieved today.
I’m exhausted by this constant struggle.
I’m exhausted from everyday obligations.
I’m exhausted! I just want to go home, take a bath, and go to bed.
I’m exhausted.
I’m expecting a baby in the new year!
I’m expecting a customer today.
I’m expecting a decent catch, so please try your best at fishing for us.
I’m expecting my baby in the middle of January.
I’m expecting someone.
I’m expecting.
I’m experiencing some heartburn.
I’m extremely embarrassed that it has taken so long to reply.
I’m extremely fat.
I’m extremely grateful to you.
I’m facing that problem, myself.
I’m fairly certain that it was the elephant.
I’m faithful to my wife.
I’m falling in love with you.
I’m familiar with the way he asks questions.
I’m familiar with your name.
I’m famished!
I’m fancying an American firm.
I’m far from happy about this situation.
I’m favouring my left leg today.
I’m fed up with English.
I’m fed up with all their lies.
I’m fed up with always backing you up.
I’m fed up with eating in restaurants.
I’m fed up with her chatter.
I’m fed up with her complaints.
I’m fed up with her grumbling.
I’m fed up with her laziness.
I’m fed up with her.
I’m fed up with him always preaching to me.
I’m fed up with his long talks.
I’m fed up with homework.
I’m fed up with it!
I’m fed up with math.
I’m fed up with my daily habits.
I’m fed up with my dull lifestyle.
I’m fed up with that spiel.
I’m fed up with the monotonous tasks.
I’m fed up with the normal way of living.
I’m fed up with the same old things.
I’m fed up with this weather.
I’m fed up with this wet weather.
I’m fed up with this winter, I want spring right now!
I’m fed up with working here.
I’m fed up with your constant complaining.
I’m fed up with your lack of honesty.
I’m fed up!
I’m feeding the goldfish.
I’m feeling a bit anxious about social events.
I’m feeling a bit anxious about the future.
I’m feeling a bit anxious about the presentation.
I’m feeling a bit discouraged about the project.
I’m feeling a bit exhausted from the long day.
I’m feeling a bit exhausted from the long week.
I’m feeling a bit indecisive about my career.
I’m feeling a bit indecisive about the menu.
I’m feeling a bit nervous about the presentation.
I’m feeling a bit nostalgic about childhood memories.
I’m feeling a bit nostalgic about old memories.
I’m feeling a bit nostalgic about old times.
I’m feeling a bit overwhelmed with chores.
I’m feeling a bit overwhelmed with emotions.
I’m feeling a bit overwhelmed with responsibilities.
I’m feeling a bit overwhelmed with work.
I’m feeling a bit self-conscious about my appearance.
I’m feeling a bit stressed about the upcoming deadline.
I’m feeling a bit stressed about the upcoming exam.
I’m feeling a bit stressed out.
I’m feeling a bit under the weather.
I’m feeling a little blue today.
I’m feeling awful. I want to disappear.
I’m feeling blue today.
I’m feeling depressed on the inside, but you can’t tell by looking, can you?
I’m feeling fantastic today!
I’m feeling fine now.
I’m feeling fit.
I’m feeling good this morning.
I’m feeling grateful for all the blessings in my life.
I’m feeling ill, but I intend to go out anyhow.
I’m feeling incredibly motivated about it!
I’m feeling incredibly motivated!
I’m feeling incredibly optimistic about it!
I’m feeling incredibly optimistic!
I’m feeling inspired to try something new.
I’m feeling kind of tired.
I’m feeling low.
I’m feeling much better today.
I’m feeling on top of the world!
I’m feeling optimistic about it.
I’m feeling quite ecstatic about it!
I’m feeling quite ecstatic!
I’m feeling quite elated about it!
I’m feeling quite elated!
I’m feeling quite enthusiastic about it!
I’m feeling quite enthusiastic!
I’m feeling quite excited about it!
I’m feeling quite excited!
I’m feeling quite overjoyed about it!
I’m feeling quite overjoyed!
I’m feeling really energized about it!
I’m feeling really energized!
I’m feeling really fired up about it!
I’m feeling really fired up!
I’m feeling really good about it!
I’m feeling really good about this.
I’m feeling really inspired about it!
I’m feeling really inspired!
I’m feeling really positive about it!
I’m feeling really positive about the future.
I’m feeling really pumped!
I’m feeling really stressed out lately.
I’m feeling really thrilled about it!
I’m feeling really thrilled with it!
I’m feeling really thrilled!
I’m feeling really upbeat about it!
I’m feeling really upbeat!
I’m feeling sick.
I’m feeling so delighted about it!
I’m feeling so delighted!
I’m feeling so happy about it!
I’m feeling so happy right now!
I’m feeling sort of tired.
I’m feeling stressed.
I’m feeling the breath of life.
I’m feeling tired today.
I’m feeling tired.
I’m feeling used.
I’m feeling very encouraged about it!
I’m feeling very encouraged!
I’m feeling very pleased with it!
I’m feeling very pleased!
I’m filled with joy every time I see you.
I’m filled with love for you.
I’m finding it tough to manage my interactions with him.
I’m fine too.
I’m fine, thank you.
I’m fine, thank you. And you?
I’m fine, thanks. Oh, Laura, this is my friend, Ayako.
I’m fine, too, thank you.
I’m fine.
I’m fine. And you?
I’m fine. How about you?
I’m fining you $10,000 a day for any further delay.
I’m finishing my homework.
I’m fixing computers.
I’m fixing the radio which I found on my way home.
I’m flabbergasted to know the word "flabbergasted".
I’m flabbergasted.
I’m flattered.
I’m flying to Hanoi tomorrow.
I’m flying to London for a business meeting this week.
I’m following the plans made by congress.
I’m following their every move.
I’m following up on your last e-mail.
I’m fond of listening to classical music.
I’m fond of playing shogi.
I’m fond of taking pictures.
I’m for the bill.
I’m forever grateful for your belief in my abilities.
I’m forever grateful.
I’m forever lost, can’t you see? I’m in a bind!
I’m forty years old.
I’m four months pregnant.
I’m frantic!
I’m free now.
I’m free on Sunday.
I’m free today.
I’m free tonight.
I’m free.
I’m freezing.
I’m from America.
I’m from Australia.
I’m from Brazil, what about you?
I’m from Brazil.
I’m from Canada.
I’m from Colombia.
I’m from Fukuoka in Kyushu.
I’m from Kyoto.
I’m from Sapporo.
I’m from Singapore.
I’m from Tokyo, Japan.
I’m from Tokyo.
I’m from Wellington, the capital of New Zealand.
I’m from Zambia.
I’m frustrated with how things are going.
I’m fucking tired of being here.
I’m full!
I’m full.
I’m fully booked this week, but I hope we can get together on the weekend.
I’m gaining weight.
I’m game for it.
I’m game.
I’m gay! Get over it!
I’m gay, so?
I’m gay.
I’m getting a 404 error.
I’m getting a new house built.
I’m getting a spare tire around my waist. I guess it’s middle age creeping up on me.
I’m getting along well with my new classmates.
I’m getting along with him quite well.
I’m getting along with my mother-in-law very well.
I’m getting better every day.
I’m getting farsighted as I get older.
I’m getting forgetful these days, but what can you do?
I’m getting happy.
I’m getting hard.
I’m getting high.
I’m getting hungry.
I’m getting little pimples on my face. I wonder if I’ve been getting enough sleep lately.
I’m getting married next Sunday.
I’m getting married to her in June.
I’m getting married.
I’m getting more and more gray hair.
I’m getting my wisdom tooth.
I’m getting off at the next station.
I’m getting off at the next stop, please keep your seat.
I’m getting off at the next stop.
I’m getting off the train at the next stop.
I’m getting older and tired.
I’m getting pretty worn out driving every morning.
I’m getting ready for the worst.
I’m getting sick and tired of Ms Maruta and her noisy friends.
I’m getting sick and tired of all your complaints.
I’m getting sick of hearing you complain.
I’m getting sick of the ride.
I’m getting the hang of this new machine.
I’m getting thinner.
I’m getting tired of driving on this winding road.
I’m getting tired of the dull game.
I’m getting tired. It’s your turn to drive.
I’m getting too old for this.
I’m getting up at six o’clock tomorrow morning.
I’m giving a pill to the cat.
I’m giving up smoking.
I’m glad I could help.
I’m glad I had a thoroughly open and honest talk with him. I feel so relieved.
I’m glad I met you today.
I’m glad I was there.
I’m glad I’m not a woman.
I’m glad I’ve finally caught you.
I’m glad for this opportunity to work with you.
I’m glad he stuck around.
I’m glad it’s not coming out of my pocket.
I’m glad that I didn’t buy something like this.
I’m glad that he passed the exam.
I’m glad that they fixed the heating system, but now it’s too hot.
I’m glad that your team won the game.
I’m glad that you’ll come.
I’m glad to be here.
I’m glad to be invited to dinner.
I’m glad to have been invited to dinner.
I’m glad to have passed at all.
I’m glad to have this opportunity to speak to you.
I’m glad to hear of your success.
I’m glad to hear that she is unmarried.
I’m glad to hear that your sister is out of danger after her operation.
I’m glad to hear that.
I’m glad to know that you are on the way to a full recovery.
I’m glad to know you.
I’m glad to meet you, too, Mr Ito.
I’m glad to meet you, too.
I’m glad to meet you.
I’m glad to say that the boss has been very well lately.
I’m glad to see such a beautiful animal.
I’m glad to see you again.
I’m glad to see you back.
I’m glad to see you!
I’m glad to see you.
I’m glad we didn’t go there because there were some localized heavy rain showers.
I’m glad we got to spend some time together.
I’m glad you are all here.
I’m glad you are here.
I’m glad you could come to the party.
I’m glad you could come.
I’m glad you could come. Please make yourself at home.
I’m glad you enjoy skiing, but I guess it’s just not my cup of tea.
I’m glad you enjoyed it.
I’m glad you like my present.
I’m glad you liked it.
I’m glad your book was received kindly by the press.
I’m going away for the summer holiday.
I’m going away.
I’m going back.
I’m going by the post office.
I’m going crazy from too much noise.
I’m going downtown.
I’m going fishing with him.
I’m going home now.
I’m going home.
I’m going into the 6th form.
I’m going off to Vancouver next week to see my sister.
I’m going on a road trip to the beach.
I’m going on vacation.
I’m going out for a while.
I’m going out for pizza with some local friends.
I’m going out in an hour.
I’m going out tonight, regardless.
I’m going out with Lisa tonight.
I’m going outside to play. Are you coming with?
I’m going shopping at the supermarket.
I’m going shopping this afternoon, although I don’t have much money.
I’m going shopping tomorrow.
I’m going shopping.
I’m going there alone.
I’m going there now.
I’m going through changes.
I’m going through my closet to find clothes to give to charity.
I’m going to America this summer.
I’m going to America tomorrow.
I’m going to Europe by way of Anchorage next week.
I’m going to Europe next week.
I’m going to France to study painting.
I’m going to Fukui.
I’m going to Hanover with you.
I’m going to Hawaii by ship.
I’m going to Hawaii next week, so I have to go and exchange some yen for dollars at the bank.
I’m going to Hokkaido.
I’m going to Izu over the weekend.
I’m going to Japan by myself next month.
I’m going to Japan with my girlfriend in August.
I’m going to London this summer.
I’m going to Paris in the fall.
I’m going to Paris next month.
I’m going to Paris this fall.
I’m going to Paris.
I’m going to Tokyo with work next week.
I’m going to Washington.
I’m going to a training camp tomorrow. However it’s not the physical side that I’ll be training, but the mental.
I’m going to apply for the scholarship.
I’m going to ascertain the truth of his statement.
I’m going to ask for a new desk.
I’m going to ask for a take-out container.
I’m going to ask him for an autograph. Do you have anything to write with?
I’m going to ask the teacher a question after class.
I’m going to ask you to go and change.
I’m going to attend local festivals and events.
I’m going to attend the management training.
I’m going to attend the meeting.
I’m going to attend to the customer.
I’m going to be around tomorrow afternoon, so please drop in.
I’m going to be fast asleep tonight because today was a great day.
I’m going to be late for school!
I’m going to be singing a cappella at a friend’s wedding ceremony.
I’m going to bed.
I’m going to book a rental car.
I’m going to browse through the clothing section.
I’m going to brush my teeth.
I’m going to buy a camera for my daughter.
I’m going to buy a cell phone tomorrow.
I’m going to buy a local SIM card.
I’m going to buy a mobile phone tomorrow!
I’m going to buy a new car.
I’m going to buy myself a new camera, digital this time.
I’m going to call Tom tomorrow and ask him to help.
I’m going to call at his house tomorrow.
I’m going to carry out this plan.
I’m going to change and I’ll be back.
I’m going to change my shirt.
I’m going to change the lightbulb.
I’m going to check out at eight.
I’m going to check the bus routes.
I’m going to check the departure board.
I’m going to check the public transportation schedule.
I’m going to check the train timetable.
I’m going to clean out the garage.
I’m going to clean the bathroom.
I’m going to clean the house this weekend.
I’m going to clean your bedroom today.
I’m going to climb Mt. Kitadake.
I’m going to clock out early today.
I’m going to compare prices.
I’m going to complain to the manager.
I’m going to cook you a nice dinner.
I’m going to deal with the problem in this chapter.
I’m going to die tomorrow, and so I won’t be free the day after.
I’m going to do a trick with only four cards.
I’m going to do an internship at a local company.
I’m going to do some gardening.
I’m going to drop by the supermarket.
I’m going to drop in at his house on my way home.
I’m going to drop in on her next week.
I’m going to dust the bookshelves.
I’m going to enjoy a slice of cake.
I’m going to enjoy this.
I’m going to exercise every day.
I’m going to exhibit my roses at the flower show.
I’m going to explore hidden gems and off-the-beaten-path locations.
I’m going to explore historical landmarks.
I’m going to explore local markets and shops.
I’m going to find something to munch on.
I’m going to fix the broken chair.
I’m going to fix the loose doorknob.
I’m going to fly to the moon.
I’m going to form a study group.
I’m going to form a study schedule.
I’m going to get a city map.
I’m going to get going before this feeling goes!! Well they do say "Strike while the iron is hot."
I’m going to get more exercise.
I’m going to get my own way this time.
I’m going to get some local currency.
I’m going to give Emi a new CD.
I’m going to give a birthday party for my friend tomorrow.
I’m going to give a paper at this year’s conference on biomedical ethics.
I’m going to give up math.
I’m going to give you a year’s worth of allowance all at once.
I’m going to go and get my driver’s license.
I’m going to go buy some materials today.
I’m going to go give my shoes to the cobbler.
I’m going to go home.
I’m going to go on a picnic tomorrow.
I’m going to go out this afternoon.
I’m going to go through with it in spite of her opposition.
I’m going to go to the doctor this afternoon.
I’m going to go to the movies.
I’m going to go.
I’m going to grow wheat there.
I’m going to have a baby.
I’m going to have a heavy day.
I’m going to have a quick chat with my supervisor.
I’m going to have a siesta.
I’m going to have dinner with him tomorrow night, so I’ll feel him out then.
I’m going to have my eyes examined.
I’m going to have to start lobbing. I can’t win with passing shots alone.
I’m going to have two pieces in her gallery.
I’m going to have you read the letter to me, Tom.
I’m going to her cocktail party.
I’m going to hire a local guide.
I’m going to his house right now.
I’m going to immerse myself in the local culture.
I’m going to join a demonstration.
I’m going to join the school orchestra.
I’m going to keep my distance from her for a while.
I’m going to keep track of all the expenses on this trip.
I’m going to kick his ass.
I’m going to kick his butt.
I’m going to kill you for wasting my time.
I’m going to lay aside that money for emergencies.
I’m going to leave about ten in the morning.
I’m going to leave one night early.
I’m going to leave school.
I’m going to leave the library at six-thirty.
I’m going to lie down for a minute.
I’m going to look for a gift for my friend.
I’m going to make a cake for Mary’s birthday.
I’m going to make a drink.
I’m going to make a phone call to the client.
I’m going to make a tour of Kyushu this summer.
I’m going to make enlarged copies.
I’m going to make him an offer he can’t refuse.
I’m going to make reduced copies.
I’m going to make some coffee. Would you like some, too?
I’m going to make this material into a skirt.
I’m going to meet Mr Yamada at the Sakura Hotel tomorrow at 6 p.m.
I’m going to meet a certain student.
I’m going to meet a customer in his office today.
I’m going to meet him tomorrow.
I’m going to meet my brother’s girlfriend tonight.
I’m going to meet with the project team.
I’m going to mop the floor.
I’m going to mop the kitchen floor.
I’m going to mow the lawn tomorrow, weather permitting.
I’m going to need your help.
I’m going to optimize... you.
I’m going to order a glass of red wine.
I’m going to order a steak cooked medium rare.
I’m going to order new equipment for the office.
I’m going to order office furniture.
I’m going to order the chicken curry.
I’m going to order the grilled salmon.
I’m going to order the seafood pasta.
I’m going to prepare for the term examination this afternoon.
I’m going to prepare the conference room for the meeting.
I’m going to propose to her.
I’m going to put them in a room and let them battle it out.
I’m going to read some other books.
I’m going to read the book.
I’m going to relax and unwind at a spa or resort.
I’m going to relax on the sandy beach.
I’m going to request a birthday cake for a celebration.
I’m going to request a highchair for my child.
I’m going to request a refill on my drink.
I’m going to request a vegetarian menu.
I’m going to rest before I go out.
I’m going to review my notes for the exam.
I’m going to rock the boat.
I’m going to run a couple of errands. Wanna tag along?
I’m going to save more money.
I’m going to see Mary this afternoon.
I’m going to see a horror film.
I’m going to see her off at the airport at 2:00.
I’m going to see her tomorrow.
I’m going to see him tomorrow.
I’m going to see some student.
I’m going to see the baseball game tomorrow.
I’m going to see the sights of London next week.
I’m going to see the sights of Paris next year.
I’m going to sell my house.
I’m going to send out the meeting invites.
I’m going to send the revised proposal.
I’m going to show you my new car.
I’m going to sit on the bench over there next to the street lamp.
I’m going to sleep in about an hour.
I’m going to sleep now because my parents always bark at me to go to bed.
I’m going to sleep now.
I’m going to slug you in the gut.
I’m going to speak to you with utmost candor so I want you to take everything I’m about to say at face value.
I’m going to start a new hobby.
I’m going to start cooking more meals at home.
I’m going to start eating healthier.
I’m going to start exercising regularly.
I’m going to start gardening.
I’m going to start journaling.
I’m going to start learning a new language.
I’m going to start learning how to code.
I’m going to start learning how to cook Indian food.
I’m going to start learning how to dance.
I’m going to start learning how to do calligraphy.
I’m going to start learning how to do embroidery.
I’m going to start learning how to do glassblowing.
I’m going to start learning how to do macrame.
I’m going to start learning how to do origami.
I’m going to start learning how to do pottery.
I’m going to start learning how to do soap making.
I’m going to start learning how to do woodworking.
I’m going to start learning how to knit.
I’m going to start learning how to make candles.
I’m going to start learning how to make cocktails.
I’m going to start learning how to make sushi.
I’m going to start learning how to sew.
I’m going to start meditating every day.
I’m going to start painting.
I’m going to start playing a musical instrument.
I’m going to start practicing mindfulness.
I’m going to start practicing yoga.
I’m going to start reading more books.
I’m going to start saving money.
I’m going to start taking photography lessons.
I’m going to start volunteering.
I’m going to start writing a book.
I’m going to start.
I’m going to stay at home tonight.
I’m going to stay here for a couple of months.
I’m going to stay here for several days.
I’m going to stay there for a couple of days.
I’m going to stay with my uncle in Kyoto.
I’m going to stop at this hotel for the night.
I’m going to stop her from ever doing that again.
I’m going to study biology and Spanish.
I’m going to study with a classmate later.
I’m going to sweep the patio.
I’m going to take a bath.
I’m going to take a map of the city.
I’m going to take a nap. Do not disturb.
I’m going to take a shower.
I’m going to take my car.
I’m going to take my lunch break now.
I’m going to take photographs of famous landmarks.
I’m going to take the 10:30 train.
I’m going to talk to Tom when he comes home.
I’m going to talk to Tom when he returns home.
I’m going to taste local street food and delicacies.
I’m going to tell you everything.
I’m going to the Number Four hospital.
I’m going to the art room for painting.
I’m going to the auditorium for the assembly.
I’m going to the auditorium for the rehearsal.
I’m going to the bank.
I’m going to the cafeteria for lunch.
I’m going to the cinema.
I’m going to the computer lab for research.
I’m going to the country with my friends.
I’m going to the doctor.
I’m going to the guidance counselor for college applications.
I’m going to the gym for basketball practice.
I’m going to the gym for volleyball practice.
I’m going to the gym later. Want to join me?
I’m going to the library for group study.
I’m going to the library for research materials.
I’m going to the library to study.
I’m going to the park.
I’m going to the principal’s office to get a permission slip.
I’m going to the professor’s office hours.
I’m going to the study lounge.
I’m going to the village tomorrow.
I’m going to the writing center for assistance.
I’m going to throw my rabbit stick.
I’m going to try adventurous outdoor activities.
I’m going to try local cuisine and restaurants.
I’m going to try on these shoes.
I’m going to visit famous landmarks and attractions.
I’m going to visit museums and art galleries.
I’m going to visit my parents this weekend.
I’m going to visit scenic parks and gardens.
I’m going to wash my face.
I’m going to watch a movie.
I’m going to watch a scary movie.
I’m going to wax my car tomorrow afternoon.
I’m going to wear jeans.
I’m going to work as a builder with my father.
I’m going to work out the problem by myself.
I’m going to your house.
I’m going with Ken. He is cool, gentle and smart. What’s more, he is single!
I’m going with you to Hanover.
I’m going.
I’m gonna get a cell phone tomorrow!
I’m gonna have to call you back.
I’m gonna shoot him.
I’m good at Japanese.
I’m good at finding things to do.
I’m good at math.
I’m good at mathematics.
I’m good at playing the piano.
I’m good at science.
I’m good at singing.
I’m good at skiing.
I’m good at soccer.
I’m good at tennis.
I’m good with it.
I’m grateful for the invitation.
I’m grateful for your help.
I’m grateful for your kind offer.
I’m grateful for your kindness.
I’m grateful for your willingness to wash the dishes.
I’m great at suggesting activities.
I’m growing tired of all this arguing.
I’m halfway through this crime novel.
I’m happy because I am not a woman.
I’m happy enough.
I’m happy enough. I have a little money and a few friends.
I’m happy to help if you’d like.
I’m happy to see you again.
I’m happy to see you.
I’m happy when you’re there.
I’m happy, ’cause I’m learning some Dutch.
I’m having a bash myself at the ballet.
I’m having a great time in Canada.
I’m having a hard time concentrating.
I’m having a relaxing talk.
I’m having a very delicious meal at home.
I’m having fun.
I’m having lunch with my sister right now.
I’m having some problems compiling this software.
I’m having trouble falling asleep.
I’m having trouble organizing my ideas.
I’m having trouble with my roommate. He eats all my food.
I’m headed for my sister’s wedding.
I’m healthy.
I’m helping you.
I’m here for a few days.
I’m here for bank robbery.
I’m here for you.
I’m here to help.
I’m here to show you the most jaw-dropping, heart stopping mind-bending paraphernalia you’ve ever laid your eyes upon!
I’m here, ready to listen.
I’m hesitant to share my close feelings with him.
I’m holding a book by Susanna Tamaro.
I’m holding a book.
I’m home, Mom!
I’m hopeless at ironing so I buy permanent press clothes.
I’m hoping that will happen.
I’m hoping to arrive this weekend.
I’m horny.
I’m hot.
I’m hungry!
I’m hungry! Let’s go and have dinner please!
I’m hungry, so I’m going to get something to eat.
I’m hungry.
I’m hungry. I want some lasagna.
I’m ill.
I’m immediately behind her.
I’m impressed by your talent.
I’m in Boston going for my Ph.D. right now.
I’m in China for less than a month.
I’m in China.
I’m in Portugal.
I’m in a bad mood today.
I’m in a bit of a predicament.
I’m in a hurry for school and I can’t talk with anybody right now.
I’m in a hurry today.
I’m in a hurry.
I’m in a snake back situation.
I’m in a swimming club.
I’m in a terrible mood today because I don’t have enough money.
I’m in agreement on that matter.
I’m in charge of the book department.
I’m in charge of the propaganda.
I’m in debt to my uncle for $10,000.
I’m in deep trouble.
I’m in difficulties because of the demented old woman next door wreaking havoc in my fields.
I’m in good health.
I’m in love with her.
I’m in love with you and I want to marry you.
I’m in love with you.
I’m in love, I can die; I have lived the best and most beautiful of dreams!
I’m in need of money.
I’m in no hurry.
I’m in the bath.
I’m in the bathroom because I’m washing my hands.
I’m in the caboose.
I’m in the car.
I’m in the process of transitioning to become an elephant. I planned surgery to get a trunk, in place of my nose. Don’t you dare call me a human anymore.
I’m in the rear car.
I’m in the same boat.
I’m in the sixth form.
I’m in the tennis club.
I’m in this through the end.
I’m in transit between flights now. I’ve spent 8 hours on a plane so far, after changing planes now it’s another two hours.
I’m incredibly sick of living.
I’m indebted to you.
I’m indeed.
I’m instinctively bad with children and infants.
I’m interested in creating my own web pages.
I’m interested in history.
I’m interested in music.
I’m interested in oriental pottery.
I’m interested in the latest model from my favorite brand.
I’m interested in the society page of that newspaper.
I’m introducing some pictures I took, dabbling in photography, along with my diary.
I’m invited to Claudia’s party tonight.
I’m itchy from mosquito bites. Do you have something for it?
I’m jealous of all the cool jerks that have that muscle car.
I’m jealous that you have a good boss.
I’m just a boy who makes mistakes.
I’m just a creature of habit, I guess.
I’m just a plain office worker.
I’m just a plain old office worker.
I’m just a regular office worker.
I’m just about finished doing the laundry.
I’m just about finished with my homework.
I’m just about finished with the report.
I’m just about to check in.
I’m just about to set off for the station.
I’m just another man.
I’m just beginning.
I’m just doing my job.
I’m just going across to the flower shop.
I’m just going out for a bit.
I’m just going to drop by the post office.
I’m just going to leave it up to him to figure out how to clean up this mess.
I’m just going to rest during the summer vacation.
I’m just going to run down to buy some tickets.
I’m just going to run down to the bank.
I’m just going to stay home.
I’m just going to take a nap.
I’m just kidding.
I’m just living from day to day.
I’m just looking around.
I’m just looking, thank you.
I’m just looking.
I’m just not cut out for this kind of work.
I’m just saying!
I’m just sorting out some suitable clothes to take on holiday.
I’m just starving.
I’m just taking it day by day.
I’m just trying to make a buck.
I’m just watching TV.
I’m just wondering how you are getting on and if you have adjusted to the new environment.
I’m just worried about my weight.
I’m keen on Mary passing the examination.
I’m keeping a record of basal body temperature.
I’m keeping my diary on Google+ so that no one reads it.
I’m killing myself to meet the deadline.
I’m killing time.
I’m kind of busy right now.
I’m kind of happy.
I’m kind of sick today.
I’m kind of tired today.
I’m lactose intolerant.
I’m late, aren’t I?
I’m laughing at his naÃ¯vetÃ©.
I’m learning Basque.
I’m learning Chinese in Beijing.
I’m learning Czech.
I’m learning how to type.
I’m learning music.
I’m learning to accept this change, even though it’s painful and difficult.
I’m learning to embrace my true self.
I’m learning to sew so that I can make myself a dress.
I’m leaving first.
I’m leaving for Canada tomorrow.
I’m leaving for Chicago next Saturday morning.
I’m leaving for Chicago next week.
I’m leaving it to you.
I’m leaving now.
I’m leaving on Sunday.
I’m leaving tonight for Australia.
I’m leaving you tomorrow.
I’m leaving, please excuse me.
I’m leaving.
I’m left-handed.
I’m letting you have the big moment, so you better not let me down, understand?
I’m listening to BjÃ¶rk’s latest song.
I’m listening to music.
I’m listening to the radio.
I’m listening to this band.
I’m living in Kunming at the moment.
I’m living in Scotland.
I’m living in a small town.
I’m living in a town.
I’m living in the city.
I’m living my dream.
I’m living on welfare, without a car or anything.
I’m lonely without you.
I’m lonely.
I’m longing for the spring.
I’m longing to see him.
I’m longing to see you.
I’m looking at the flower.
I’m looking at the house.
I’m looking for Andy. Do you know where he is?
I’m looking for Tom. Have you seen him?
I’m looking for a French penpal.
I’m looking for a bag for my wife.
I’m looking for a bank. Is there one near here?
I’m looking for a book about medieval Spain.
I’m looking for a certain old man.
I’m looking for a certain old woman.
I’m looking for a change from my daily habits.
I’m looking for a change from this dull existence.
I’m looking for a coat in my size.
I’m looking for a coat. I’m short so the length should be on the short side, and as refined a design as possible.
I’m looking for a gift for my father.
I’m looking for a gift for my friend.
I’m looking for a gift for my wife.
I’m looking for a gym suit for my sister.
I’m looking for a hat to match a brown dress.
I’m looking for a house.
I’m looking for a job.
I’m looking for a leather shoulder bag.
I’m looking for a lipstick to go with this nail polish.
I’m looking for a man like myself.
I’m looking for a man who is supposed to live here.
I’m looking for a native speaker who could help me correct this essay.
I’m looking for a navy blue raincoat, size 36.
I’m looking for a new book to read. Any recommendations?
I’m looking for a part-time job.
I’m looking for a present for my mother.
I’m looking for a present for my mother. Do you have anything in mind?
I’m looking for a room for rent.
I’m looking for a school where I can paint portraits.
I’m looking for a small suitcase.
I’m looking for a sweater.
I’m looking for a wallet.
I’m looking for a warm, woolen skirt.
I’m looking for an apartment to rent.
I’m looking for an easy-to-read manga with furigana.
I’m looking for an old man.
I’m looking for batteries.
I’m looking for books on Roman history.
I’m looking for information on the Anderson Antique Shop in London.
I’m looking for my camera.
I’m looking for my contact lens.
I’m looking for my eyeglasses.
I’m looking for my key.
I’m looking for my keys.
I’m looking for my pen.
I’m looking for some regular work.
I’m looking for someone to fall in love with.
I’m looking for something new to do.
I’m looking for something to clean the carpet with.
I’m looking for the perfect spot to hang this picture.
I’m looking for work.
I’m looking for you.
I’m looking for your sister. Where is she?
I’m looking forward to coming over to your place to eat.
I’m looking forward to going hunting with my father.
I’m looking forward to going to the concert.
I’m looking forward to good news.
I’m looking forward to hearing from her.
I’m looking forward to hearing from you soon.
I’m looking forward to hearing from you.
I’m looking forward to his present.
I’m looking forward to it.
I’m looking forward to meeting with you the next time I visit your town.
I’m looking forward to receiving your favorable answer.
I’m looking forward to receiving your reply.
I’m looking forward to seeing him.
I’m looking forward to seeing you again before long.
I’m looking forward to seeing you again in Japan.
I’m looking forward to seeing you again soon.
I’m looking forward to seeing you again.
I’m looking forward to seeing you and your family.
I’m looking forward to seeing you before long.
I’m looking forward to seeing you next Sunday.
I’m looking forward to seeing you next week.
I’m looking forward to seeing you one of these days.
I’m looking forward to seeing you soon.
I’m looking forward to seeing you this April.
I’m looking forward to seeing you.
I’m looking forward to seeing your father.
I’m looking forward to serving your company.
I’m looking forward to the New Year holidays.
I’m looking forward to the day when Miss Cobb comes back, I can tell you.
I’m looking forward to the party.
I’m looking forward to the return of spring.
I’m looking forward to the weekend.
I’m looking forward to touring bookstores in the US.
I’m looking forward to visiting my sister in Los Angeles.
I’m looking forward to visiting your country this winter.
I’m looking forward to your coming to Japan.
I’m looking forward to your reply.
I’m looking forward to your visit during summer vacation.
I’m looking forward to your visit.
I’m looking over his report.
I’m looking through his report.
I’m losing energy from the endless routine.
I’m losing weight.
I’m lost in my own feelings.
I’m lost.
I’m lost. Could you direct me to the station?
I’m lost. Could you please help me?
I’m loved by my parents.
I’m loved.
I’m lucky to have someone like you helping out.
I’m lucky today.
I’m majoring in American history at university.
I’m majoring in economics.
I’m majoring in sociology.
I’m making about four times as much myself as when I first hired Tony.
I’m making far journeys, seeing foreign countries, doing things I never did before.
I’m making house repairs.
I’m managing scraping along on a small salary.
I’m married.
I’m mid.
I’m miserable. I’ve got few friends and little money.
I’m more afraid of Tom than I am of Mary.
I’m more afraid of them than I am of you.
I’m more in love with you.
I’m more interested in spoken English.
I’m more prepared to listen than you are to recite.
I’m more than happy.
I’m moving, so I need boxes for my things.
I’m much better today than yesterday.
I’m much less likely to win her favors than you are.
I’m much obliged to for your kindness.
I’m much younger than you.
I’m near the on ramp to 25 north.
I’m neither an Athenian nor a Greek.
I’m never angry without reason.
I’m never at home on Sundays.
I’m never free from worry about my son. Nowadays, he does nothing but play video games, and never studies at all.
I’m never late for school.
I’m no better at cooking than my mother.
I’m no expert.
I’m no guest.
I’m no match for him when it comes to playing the piano.
I’m no match for you.
I’m no misogynist, but were I so then I’d surely exempt you.
I’m no quitter.
I’m none the wiser for his explanation.
I’m not a Muslim and so I have no obligation to observe the fast but as long as I’m living in the same apartment having consideration for such a custom is important.
I’m not a Nazi!
I’m not a big fan of spicy food.
I’m not a bird, though I’d like to be one.
I’m not a bit interested in chemistry.
I’m not a bit tired.
I’m not a child, but sometimes you talk to me as if I were a child.
I’m not a creature of habit.
I’m not a fan of Kim Kardashian.
I’m not a fan of cold weather.
I’m not a fan of crowded places.
I’m not a fan of horror movies.
I’m not a fan of long meetings.
I’m not a fan of spicy food.
I’m not a hundred percent wrong.
I’m not a junior high school student.
I’m not a little surprised that the policeman was arrested.
I’m not a magician.
I’m not a midget. I’m a dwarf!
I’m not a morning person.
I’m not a pupil.
I’m not a real fish, I’m just a mere plushy.
I’m not a sentence. I should be deleted from Tatoeba.
I’m not a student.
I’m not a toothless barking dog.
I’m not a university student, but I’m brighter than them.
I’m not a woman hater; and if I were, I would make an exception for you.
I’m not able to fix the computer.
I’m not able to make clear how I am feeling.
I’m not able to speak so fast.
I’m not able to translate this sentence.
I’m not about to ask him.
I’m not about to marry Suzie.
I’m not absolutely sure.
I’m not accountable to you for my conduct.
I’m not accustomed to getting up early.
I’m not accustomed to getting up so early.
I’m not accustomed to such treatment.
I’m not accustomed to the city noises.
I’m not accustomed to walking long distances.
I’m not acquainted with her.
I’m not afraid any more.
I’m not afraid at all.
I’m not afraid of anything after having verbal abuse heaped on me like that. In fact, I feel empowered by it.
I’m not afraid of anything.
I’m not afraid of death.
I’m not afraid.
I’m not all that drunk.
I’m not allowed to go out at night without company.
I’m not always at home on Sundays.
I’m not always free on Sundays.
I’m not always home on Sundays.
I’m not always right, I just always correct you when you make mistakes.
I’m not an American.
I’m not an Uighur. I’m a Russian.
I’m not an early bird.
I’m not angry because you have failed.
I’m not as happy now.
I’m not as healthy as I used to be.
I’m not as rich as I was.
I’m not as talkative as you.
I’m not as tall as you.
I’m not as young as I was.
I’m not ashamed of my father being poor.
I’m not ashamed of my father’s being poor.
I’m not ashamed that I am poor.
I’m not asking for the moon.
I’m not at all happy now.
I’m not at all satisfied with her.
I’m not at all tired.
I’m not at liberty to tell you about the incident.
I’m not at one with you in some respects.
I’m not available right now.
I’m not bothered.
I’m not bothered. It’s just my usual nightcap. Having someone to drink with on occasion might be nice.
I’m not built for this kind of thing.
I’m not busy now.
I’m not busy today.
I’m not busy.
I’m not buying what you’re saying.
I’m not certain we can get tickets tonight.
I’m not certain where this ought to be put.
I’m not charmed about working in mid summer.
I’m not comfortable sharing my emotions with you.
I’m not comfortable with heights.
I’m not comfortable with public speaking.
I’m not comfortable with public transportation.
I’m not comfortable with the idea of being exclusive to one partner.
I’m not coming along.
I’m not coming from home.
I’m not concerned with politics.
I’m not concerned with the plan.
I’m not convinced at all.
I’m not cut out for gambling. Maybe I’m just unlucky, but working for my pay is more of a sure thing.
I’m not denying that that happened, but one example doesn’t count as evidence.
I’m not disturbing you, am I?
I’m not entirely satisfied with my position.
I’m not equal to doing the task.
I’m not even capable of pinpointing Germany on a map! I’m ashamed!
I’m not familiar with French poets.
I’m not familiar with that feature.
I’m not familiar with that subject.
I’m not familiar with that.
I’m not familiar with the boy.
I’m not familiar with these topics.
I’m not familiar with this part of the subject.
I’m not feeling well lately.
I’m not feeling well today.
I’m not feeling well.
I’m not fit for physical labor.
I’m not flexible enough to sit in the lotus position.
I’m not fond of her face.
I’m not free to go this afternoon.
I’m not free today.
I’m not free.
I’m not frightened of anything.
I’m not getting involved in this.
I’m not getting wet.
I’m not going back.
I’m not going out because I have to do my homework.
I’m not going out on a limb for you because you never helped me before.
I’m not going to adopt these sentences because I’m not Russian.
I’m not going to agree to your proposal so readily.
I’m not going to ask Tom that question.
I’m not going to be late if I can avoid it.
I’m not going to be pushed around by you or anyone else.
I’m not going to do anything like that.
I’m not going to get into a battle of wits with you; I never attack anyone who’s unarmed.
I’m not going to go to the party.
I’m not going to quit the club because I am busy.
I’m not going to see you again.
I’m not going to sell it.
I’m not going to stir.
I’m not going to take it any more.
I’m not going to tell the girl that.
I’m not going to the library, but I can take you as far as the station.
I’m not going to waste my money.
I’m not going to your house.
I’m not going, and that’s that.
I’m not good at Latin.
I’m not good at classifying things.
I’m not good at eating Japanese food with chopsticks.
I’m not good at expressing my feelings.
I’m not good at handling conflicts.
I’m not good at handling criticism.
I’m not good at math, so I can’t solve this question.
I’m not good at meeting people.
I’m not good at multitasking.
I’m not good at posting stuff online.
I’m not good at remembering appointments.
I’m not good at remembering birthdays.
I’m not good at remembering names.
I’m not good at speaking English yet.
I’m not good at speaking off the cuff.
I’m not good at thinking logically.
I’m not good at this sort of thing.
I’m not good on technical terms.
I’m not happy with this situation.
I’m not having any of that.
I’m not here by chance or by accident.
I’m not here if anybody calls.
I’m not home but reachable by phone.
I’m not home on Sundays.
I’m not hungry at all.
I’m not in a hurry.
I’m not in a mood to eat right now.
I’m not in a mood to go out.
I’m not in a position to answer.
I’m not in a position to discuss that.
I’m not in a position to give you advice.
I’m not in a position to say anything about that.
I’m not in favor of such a plan.
I’m not in good shape now.
I’m not in good shape.
I’m not in so great hurry.
I’m not in the habit of staying up late.
I’m not in the least afraid of it.
I’m not in the least afraid of snakes.
I’m not in the least bit happy now.
I’m not in the least interested in physics.
I’m not in the least interested in such things.
I’m not in the least worried.
I’m not in the mood for jokes right now.
I’m not in the mood to do anything.
I’m not in the mood to hear your health complaints all day.
I’m not in the mood to help you.
I’m not in the mood.
I’m not inspired anymore.
I’m not interested in apologetics.
I’m not interested in doing anything.
I’m not interested in material gain.
I’m not interested in material gains.
I’m not interested in modern art.
I’m not interested in sharing my feelings.
I’m not interested in that topic.
I’m not interested in the notion of being committed to one man.
I’m not interested in the tea ceremony or flower arranging.
I’m not keen on this kind of music.
I’m not kidding.
I’m not letting you escape from here.
I’m not looking forward to Christmas this year.
I’m not lying. I swear to God!
I’m not mad at you, my expectations of you were already low.
I’m not made of money.
I’m not moving out of range of that telephone.
I’m not much for sports to tell the truth.
I’m not much good at anything, but please be kind to me.
I’m not much of a one for art.
I’m not much of a singer.
I’m not much of a writer.
I’m not much of an actor.
I’m not on duty tomorrow.
I’m not on that page.
I’m not overly interested in the event.
I’m not paranoid, they do follow me!
I’m not paranoid, they really follow me!
I’m not particularly keen on this kind of music.
I’m not picky. Anyone who has a good personality is fine for me.
I’m not pressed for money.
I’m not privy to their decisions.
I’m not quite sure.
I’m not quite well.
I’m not ready to confront him about it.
I’m not ready to deal with another day.
I’m not ready to open up to you.
I’m not ready yet.
I’m not really asleep, just dozing.
I’m not really big on curry.
I’m not really familiar with computers.
I’m not really sure.
I’m not responsible for what Tom did.
I’m not rich but have so much to offer.
I’m not rich, nor do I wish to be.
I’m not satisfied with my English ability.
I’m not satisfied with that company’s service.
I’m not satisfied with the restaurant’s service.
I’m not satisfied with what you’ve done.
I’m not satisfied.
I’m not saying that your answers are always wrong.
I’m not saying you have to become totally ripped, but you should at least do some muscle training or you’ll probably end up bedridden before you know it.
I’m not schooled in that subject.
I’m not so bothered now.
I’m not so good at tennis.
I’m not so simple as to believe you.
I’m not someone who gets bored easily.
I’m not someone you can insult like that.
I’m not strong enough yet to go to school.
I’m not such an idiot that I believe you.
I’m not sure I can afford it.
I’m not sure about Hawaii, where there are also many Japanese, but I do find that having at least some Japanese around can be reassuring. That’s how I feel.
I’m not sure about that. It depends.
I’m not sure about this.
I’m not sure about who to give the present to - the boy, or the girl?
I’m not sure as to when he will turn up.
I’m not sure how much we should wait.
I’m not sure how often I should be taking this medicine.
I’m not sure how to approach him.
I’m not sure how to approach this problem.
I’m not sure how to deal with this issue.
I’m not sure how to navigate this situation.
I’m not sure how to pronounce the word.
I’m not sure how to solve this problem.
I’m not sure if George will take to this idea.
I’m not sure if I can finish this on time.
I’m not sure if I like this one or that one.
I’m not sure if this is correct.
I’m not sure of the exact date.
I’m not sure of the name, but the extension is 211.
I’m not sure right now.
I’m not sure what his number is. You’ll have to look it up in the telephone directory.
I’m not sure what to wear to the party.
I’m not sure what you would want from me, but you’re welcome to it.
I’m not sure what’s wrong. We should have heard from him by now.
I’m not sure when he’ll come back.
I’m not sure whether to stay home or go out.
I’m not sure who I should give this present to, the girl or the boy?
I’m not sure why they were forced to close the restaurant.
I’m not sure yet, but I think I’ll become a teacher.
I’m not sure.
I’m not talking to you; I’m talking to the monkey.
I’m not the kind to kiss and tell.
I’m not the least bit scared of you.
I’m not the only one who is tired of the work. She is, too.
I’m not tired at all.
I’m not tired right now.
I’m not too clear about that point.
I’m not trying to deprive you of your rights.
I’m not ugly?
I’m not up for it.
I’m not used to being talked to in such a rude manner.
I’m not used to getting up early.
I’m not used to making speeches in public.
I’m not used to speaking in public.
I’m not used to spicy food.
I’m not used to staying up late at night.
I’m not used to writing a business letter, yet.
I’m not using my home heater today.
I’m not very good at speaking Arabic.
I’m not very good at swimming.
I’m not very particular about food.
I’m not very social, but I try to make an effort.
I’m not very up on the latest computer trends.
I’m not waiting for anyone.
I’m not wearing a diamond ring, but I’m happy.
I’m not well enough to take care of others.
I’m not what I do, I am what I can do.
I’m not what I used to be.
I’m not willing to cook dinner for twenty people.
I’m not willing to take that risk.
I’m not working on Mondays.
I’m not worried about the price.
I’m not yet used to writing business letters.
I’m not your doll.
I’m now busy writing a book.
I’m now staying at my uncle’s.
I’m number one in the world.
I’m obliged to find a way out of the resulting situation.
I’m of the opinion that he should apologize to his teacher.
I’m of the opinion that we need more police.
I’m off beer.
I’m off cigarettes for good.
I’m off duty now.
I’m off to Turkey tomorrow.
I’m off to bed in just a little while.
I’m off to bed, goodnight!
I’m off. Bye!
I’m often compared to my brothers.
I’m often half-asleep.
I’m often in trouble.
I’m often patient, but the clock is ticking.
I’m okay with it.
I’m old and not too well.
I’m old enough to live by myself.
I’m old enough to support myself.
I’m older than any other student in my class.
I’m older than your brother.
I’m on a diet and would like to know if chocolate makes you fat.
I’m on a diet at the moment.
I’m on a diet right now.
I’m on a diet.
I’m on a hockey team.
I’m on a paid vacation.
I’m on a par with him in mental faculties.
I’m on campus at the moment.
I’m on duty from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
I’m on good terms with him.
I’m on good terms with the neighbors.
I’m on loan to the firm.
I’m on my way out.
I’m on my way.
I’m on the N634, five kilometers from Llanes.
I’m on the balcony.
I’m on the football team.
I’m on the go.
I’m on the lookout for a good introductory book about the Internet.
I’m on the road a lot, and my clients are complaining that they can never reach me.
I’m on the verge of crying.
I’m on top of the world.
I’m on vacation.
I’m on your side.
I’m one too, and I’m sure there are lots of night-owls in the IT world.
I’m only a customer.
I’m only an immigrant trying to protect the English language from its native speakers.
I’m only reading the scraps on news on the Internet, but, well, I get the general picture.
I’m only the substitute teacher.
I’m only thinking of you.
I’m open to exploring new experiences.
I’m open to other suggestions for a good English translation for “pingouin” though.
I’m open to suggestions.
I’m opposed to any type of war.
I’m opposed to political power being monopolized within a clique.
I’m opposed to what he said.
I’m out of breath after running up the stairs.
I’m out of control.
I’m out of gas.
I’m out of here.
I’m out of my mind.
I’m out of shape today.
I’m out running some errands.
I’m outta here.
I’m overwhelmed by everyday responsibilities.
I’m overwhelmed by the situation.
I’m overwhelmed with emotions I can’t express.
I’m paid by the day.
I’m paid by the hour.
I’m painting Easter eggs.
I’m passionate about my job.
I’m patching things up for your mistake so it’s only natural that I get a reward appropriate to my labours.
I’m patient.
I’m peeling the celery and the potatoes.
I’m photographing the woman.
I’m planning my next vacation. Maybe I’ll go to Disneyland with my family and friends. How much should I save for it?
I’m planning to buy a mobile phone tomorrow.
I’m planning to disguise myself as a doctor.
I’m planning to fly to Mars this weekend if I manage to get spacecraft tickets.
I’m planning to go to graduate school.
I’m planning to leave for Europe next week.
I’m planning to read as many books as I can this year.
I’m planning to stay at my uncle’s place.
I’m planning to stay at the Hillside Hotel.
I’m planning to stay at the hotel.
I’m planning to study tonight.
I’m playing a TV game.
I’m playing football now.
I’m playing with my computer.
I’m pleased to meet you.
I’m pleased to see you.
I’m pleased with my new bathing suit.
I’m pleased with my new jacket.
I’m pleased with my new underwear.
I’m pleased with these shoes.
I’m pointing the finger at his mistake.
I’m pooped.
I’m poor.
I’m pouring some anti-inflammatory cream on my right knee.
I’m practising judo.
I’m pregnant.
I’m preoccupied with the exam.
I’m prepared for the entrance examination.
I’m prepared to do anything to protect freedom.
I’m preparing to interview my favorite group.
I’m pretty confident that she understood the problem, but I’m unsure whether she can solve it.
I’m pretty good at math, but calculus is way over my head.
I’m pretty hungry since I haven’t eaten since early this morning.
I’m pretty sure Tom really loved Mary.
I’m pretty sure Tom won’t do anything crazy.
I’m pretty sure he came late on purpose.
I’m pretty sure that Tom didn’t eat all his dinner.
I’m pretty sure that my cat ate my hamster.
I’m pretty sure that this is his umbrella.
I’m proud of having run fast as a boy.
I’m proud of my brother.
I’m proud of my father being a good cook.
I’m proud of my father.
I’m proud of my school.
I’m proud of my son.
I’m proud of working with you.
I’m proud of you.
I’m proud that my father is a good cook.
I’m proud to be a part of this project.
I’m proud to be working on this project.
I’m proud to have you on our team.
I’m proud to think that I have never yet been late to school.
I’m putting my ass in a sling for you.
I’m putting this sentence on Tatoeba and nobody can stop me!
I’m putting up with him tomorrow.
I’m quite a stranger around here.
I’m quite a stranger in this town.
I’m quite agreeable to doing my duty.
I’m quite all right if you have no objection to it.
I’m quite aware of your kindness.
I’m quite better now.
I’m quite out of patience with you.
I’m quite sure of her success.
I’m quite sure of that.
I’m quitting my current job as of the end of the month.
I’m rather better now.
I’m rather hesitant about asking him a favor.
I’m rather proud of it.
I’m reading The New York Times.
I’m reading a book about languages.
I’m reading a novel by Sidney Sheldon.
I’m reading the newspaper.
I’m reading this book.
I’m ready for something different.
I’m ready to admit that it was my fault.
I’m ready to change things up.
I’m ready to escape the boredom of my life.
I’m ready to express myself fully.
I’m ready to leave now.
I’m ready to leave whenever you are.
I’m ready to seize the moment.
I’m ready to start working whenever you are.
I’m ready whenever they challenge me.
I’m ready whenever you may come.
I’m really attached to my mother.
I’m really bad at parallel parking.
I’m really bad with names, but I never forget a face.
I’m really concerned about your future.
I’m really confused.
I’m really enjoying our conversation.
I’m really flattered to hear that.
I’m really glad I ran into you.
I’m really glad to have had such an enjoyable time.
I’m really glad to hear that.
I’m really happy I ran into you.
I’m really happy about your father.
I’m really happy to have had such a great time.
I’m really hungry.
I’m really in love with you.
I’m really into football.
I’m really irritable lately. My favorite soccer team is in a slump.
I’m really longing for summer vacation.
I’m really looking forward to next March, when they roll out the new Play Station 2.
I’m really looking forward to the holidays.
I’m really not up on recent TV shows.
I’m really out of it today. It must be because of my fever.
I’m really pleased at the news of your marriage.
I’m really proud of you!
I’m really sad that I can’t come tonight.
I’m really sick of life.
I’m really sorry to trouble you!
I’m really sorry!
I’m really sorry, but I seem to have misplaced your scarf.
I’m really sorry, it’s all my fault - I didn’t notice you.
I’m really sorry.
I’m really tired and want to go to bed early.
I’m really tired tonight.
I’m really tired.
I’m really too drunk for this now.
I’m really unhappy about this.
I’m really up a tree.
I’m reconsidering my engagement.
I’m relieving you of duty.
I’m reluctant to let myself be known in strange company.
I’m reluctant to show you my true feelings.
I’m reluctant to visit him.
I’m relying on my friend to turn in the report for me.
I’m relying on you to help us.
I’m repairing the house.
I’m responsible for protecting her.
I’m responsible for what my son has done.
I’m resting.
I’m retired.
I’m returning to Rome.
I’m right, aren’t I?
I’m right.
I’m running Linux on my laptop.
I’m running behind schedule.
I’m running from routine at all costs.
I’m running from the girl.
I’m running late. Traffic is terrible.
I’m running out of ideas.
I’m sad without you.
I’m sad.
I’m satisfied if he has become any wiser.
I’m satisfied that everything was finished that way.
I’m satisfied with everything.
I’m satisfied with his progress.
I’m satisfied with my current income.
I’m satisfied with my salary.
I’m satisfied with my work.
I’m satisfied.
I’m saving money for a car.
I’m saving money for my old age.
I’m saving up so that I can go to Australia.
I’m saving up to buy a new car.
I’m saying "For the sake of Earth’s environment," but actually it’s "For the sake of the people living on Earth."
I’m saying that if the real thing comes to her, Sekka won’t have anything to grumble about.
I’m saying this out of kindness.
I’m scared of big, black, hairy tarantulas!
I’m scared of killing animals.
I’m scared shitless.
I’m scared.
I’m searching for images of chairs underwater.
I’m secretly in love with someone else’s wife.
I’m seeing all the sights.
I’m seeing her this evening.
I’m seeing my old friend this evening.
I’m seeing them tonight.
I’m seeing you in a new light.
I’m seeking the truth.
I’m sending her to California.
I’m sending you $12 on my order No. 2345 by check.
I’m sending you a birthday present by airmail.
I’m sending you funny videos.
I’m sending you this sentence when you least expect it.
I’m serious about my job.
I’m serious.
I’m set on leaving behind the old habits.
I’m setting off tonight.
I’m sharing my flat with my brother.
I’m shocked that he hasn’t found someone yet.
I’m short of cash at the moment.
I’m short of money.
I’m short, so I can’t see on top of the shelves and so I pretty much dust by touch.
I’m short-tempered, and a loose-tongued man.
I’m sick and tired of all the petty squabbling among politicians.
I’m sick and tired of all this bickering.
I’m sick and tired of being here.
I’m sick and tired of being sick and tired.
I’m sick and tired of eating zucchinis every day.
I’m sick and tired of hamburgers.
I’m sick and tired of his lack of taste.
I’m sick and tired of his lecture.
I’m sick and tired of his story.
I’m sick and tired of the way you yell at me.
I’m sick and tired of you always parking in my space.
I’m sick of conferences these days.
I’m sick of dealing with these problems.
I’m sick of hearing it.
I’m sick of her excuses.
I’m sick of it!
I’m sick of listening to her complaints.
I’m sick of listening to your complaints.
I’m sick of playing these goddamn guessing games with you.
I’m sick of the everyday monotony.
I’m sick of the familiar situations.
I’m sick of this hand-to-mouth existence.
I’m sick of this hot weather.
I’m sick of this situation.
I’m sick!
I’m sick, so don’t talk me about food.
I’m sick.
I’m sick. Will you send for a doctor?
I’m simply amazed by you.
I’m sitting in the railway station.
I’m sitting on the sofa.
I’m skilled at coming up with fun ideas.
I’m sleepy!
I’m sleepy, so I am leaving now.
I’m slightly hungry.
I’m smarter than the average bear.
I’m smarter than you.
I’m so appreciative of your support.
I’m so bored! I tried turning on the TV, but there’s nothing interesting to watch!
I’m so busy I can’t attend the party.
I’m so busy these days it makes my head spin. I don’t even have time to watch a video.
I’m so drunk now that I’m seeing two keyboards.
I’m so dumb... I’m trying to explain things to you that I don’t understand myself.
I’m so embarrassed I could dig a hole and crawl into it.
I’m so excited to see her after such a long time.
I’m so excited you will come here in the end!
I’m so excited.
I’m so fat.
I’m so full.
I’m so glad it’s Friday.
I’m so glad that you asked me to give the opening speech tonight.
I’m so glad that you succeeded.
I’m so glad to hear that.
I’m so glad to visit VNU.
I’m so glad we met!
I’m so grateful for your presence.
I’m so grateful to you for this opportunity.
I’m so happy for you.
I’m so happy to see you!
I’m so happy, I feel like I could fly.
I’m so happy.
I’m so horny.
I’m so hungry I could eat a horse.
I’m so hungry that I could eat a horse.
I’m so hungry, I ate it.
I’m so hungry.
I’m so lucky to have someone who cares.
I’m so lucky to have you in my life.
I’m so mad I want to scream and break everything!
I’m so overworked.
I’m so proud of my boys.
I’m so proud of where I live.
I’m so proud of your accomplishments.
I’m so proud to know that she’s mine.
I’m so sorry I ask you for help at such short notice, but I didn’t realize this project would be so demanding.
I’m so sorry about what I did. I wish I could just crawl into a hole and die.
I’m so sorry to hear that.
I’m so sorry.
I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to kick you.
I’m so thankful for your help.
I’m so tired that I can’t go on.
I’m so tired that I can’t study.
I’m so tired that I can’t walk any longer.
I’m so tired that I don’t feel like studying tonight.
I’m so tired that I’m going to bed as soon as I get home.
I’m so tired!
I’m so tired.
I’m so tired. I need a break.
I’m so unimportant and insignificant.
I’m so unlucky!
I’m so worn out!
I’m sometimes in a bad temper.
I’m sorry I am late, but there’s been a lot of work to do.
I’m sorry I cannot go with you.
I’m sorry I cannot meet your demand.
I’m sorry I can’t go with you today.
I’m sorry I can’t go.
I’m sorry I can’t join you today. I have to run a lot of errands before this evening.
I’m sorry I can’t put you up tonight.
I’m sorry I can’t swear by him.
I’m sorry I couldn't meet your expectations.
I’m sorry I couldn’t write to you sooner.
I’m sorry I did you wrong.
I’m sorry I didn’t answer sooner.
I’m sorry I didn’t get a chance to talk with you yesterday.
I’m sorry I didn’t get back to you sooner. I’ve been snowed under at work lately.
I’m sorry I didn’t keep my promise.
I’m sorry I didn’t make myself clear.
I’m sorry I didn’t quite catch what you said.
I’m sorry I didn’t reply to you sooner.
I’m sorry I don’t agree with you on that matter.
I’m sorry I don’t have my watch with me.
I’m sorry I don’t know for certain.
I’m sorry I have a previous appointment.
I’m sorry I have kept you waiting so long.
I’m sorry I have no pencil to write with.
I’m sorry I haven’t been able to give you my cousin’s contact info.
I’m sorry I misunderstood you.
I’m sorry I opened your mail by mistake.
I’m sorry I was so rude.
I’m sorry I wasn’t able to see you when you came by today.
I’m sorry I’m late replying to your email.
I’m sorry I’m late.
I’m sorry I’m so late.
I’m sorry I’ve been emotionally unstable lately.
I’m sorry I’ve kept you waiting so long.
I’m sorry I’ve lost my watch.
I’m sorry I’ve mistaken the direction.
I’m sorry about my mistake.
I’m sorry but I can’t follow you.
I’m sorry but Paul called in sick and I’m going to need you to work his shift.
I’m sorry but it’s not my position to make a decision.
I’m sorry for being late.
I’m sorry for making you cry.
I’m sorry for not being as supportive as I should've been.
I’m sorry for not meeting your expectations.
I’m sorry for the delay in my reply.
I’m sorry for the delay in responding.
I’m sorry for the late response.
I’m sorry for the mistake.
I’m sorry for the misunderstanding.
I’m sorry for the short deadline.
I’m sorry for what I did.
I’m sorry for what I have done.
I’m sorry for you.
I’m sorry for your not having come with us.
I’m sorry if I hurt your feelings.
I’m sorry if my words hurt you.
I’m sorry it worked out this way.
I’m sorry my father is out.
I’m sorry she’s not here.
I’m sorry that I cannot come over today.
I’m sorry that I can’t be who you want me to be.
I’m sorry that I can’t meet you tonight.
I’m sorry that I had been viewing you as a liar until just a few minutes ago.
I’m sorry that I hit the child.
I’m sorry that I hurt you; forgive me.
I’m sorry that I wasn’t home when you so kindly dropped by.
I’m sorry that it has taken me so long to write to you.
I’m sorry that you are leaving here.
I’m sorry that you can’t come this evening.
I’m sorry that you should think that way.
I’m sorry that you’ve been badly injured.
I’m sorry to be so late. The meeting completely slipped my mind.
I’m sorry to bother you, but I would like to ask you a favor.
I’m sorry to bother you.
I’m sorry to cause you all this trouble.
I’m sorry to differ with you.
I’m sorry to disturb you while you’re talking.
I’m sorry to disturb you, but there’s a phone call for you.
I’m sorry to give you all this trouble.
I’m sorry to have caused you such inconvenience.
I’m sorry to have disturbed you.
I’m sorry to have kept you waiting for a long time.
I’m sorry to have kept you waiting for such a long time.
I’m sorry to have kept you waiting long. A visitor has kept me busy till now.
I’m sorry to have kept you waiting so long.
I’m sorry to have kept you waiting.
I’m sorry to have troubled you owing to our mistake.
I’m sorry to have troubled you. No matter what he may do, he will be praised.
I’m sorry to hear about your loss.
I’m sorry to hear it.
I’m sorry to hear that you got a divorce.
I’m sorry to hear that your father has passed away.
I’m sorry to hear that your father passed away.
I’m sorry to hear that.
I’m sorry to hear the news.
I’m sorry to interrupt you while you’re talking.
I’m sorry to interrupt you.
I’m sorry to put you to all these troubles.
I’m sorry to put you to such great expense.
I’m sorry to say I don’t get much done.
I’m sorry to say I don’t remember your name.
I’m sorry to say, but the service isn’t very good.
I’m sorry to spoil your plans.
I’m sorry to trouble you so much.
I’m sorry to trouble you so often.
I’m sorry to trouble you, but could you tell me the way to the station?
I’m sorry to trouble you.
I’m sorry to upset your plans.
I’m sorry we couldn’t get you a seat on first class.
I’m sorry we gave you such short notice of our visit.
I’m sorry you got dragged into this.
I’m sorry you’re leaving us.
I’m sorry, Doctor. I lost my health insurance certificate.
I’m sorry, I can’t help you.
I’m sorry, I can’t make it to the meeting.
I’m sorry, I can’t stay long.
I’m sorry, I can’t.
I’m sorry, I couldn’t write earlier because I was ill.
I’m sorry, I dialed the wrong number.
I’m sorry, I didn’t catch your name.
I’m sorry, I didn’t mean it.
I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings.
I’m sorry, I don’t buzz in people I don’t know.
I’m sorry, I don’t follow.
I’m sorry, I don’t have change.
I’m sorry, I don’t have smaller change.
I’m sorry, I don’t let in people I don’t know.
I’m sorry, I don’t think I’ll be able to.
I’m sorry, I don’t understand.
I’m sorry, I dropped my knife.
I’m sorry, I forgot to do my homework.
I’m sorry, I fucked up.
I’m sorry, I have another engagement.
I’m sorry, I have no idea.
I’m sorry, I have to answer messages.
I’m sorry, I have to respond to the messages.
I’m sorry, I have to see off the guests now.
I’m sorry, I haven’t any left.
I’m sorry, I haven’t gotten around to doing it yet.
I’m sorry, I haven’t received the money.
I’m sorry, I love you.
I’m sorry, I’m busy right now.
I’m sorry, I’m really bad with names — what was yours again?
I’m sorry, but I am against this project.
I’m sorry, but I am opposed to this project.
I’m sorry, but I can’t accept your invitation. I have other plans on that day.
I’m sorry, but I can’t answer right away.
I’m sorry, but I can’t attend the meeting in person.
I’m sorry, but I can’t find the book you lent me.
I’m sorry, but I can’t go with you.
I’m sorry, but I can’t hear you well.
I’m sorry, but I can’t lend you my car next weekend.
I’m sorry, but I can’t.
I’m sorry, but I didn’t catch what you said.
I’m sorry, but I didn’t receive any milk at my house today.
I’m sorry, but I didn’t understand what you said in English.
I’m sorry, but I don’t feel like going out today.
I’m sorry, but I don’t have any small change.
I’m sorry, but I don’t understand English well.
I’m sorry, but I don’t want to be an emperor.
I’m sorry, but I have a previous appointment for tomorrow.
I’m sorry, but I have a prior engagement.
I’m sorry, but I have to go to the gym.
I’m sorry, but I think you’re mistaken.
I’m sorry, but I’ll have to go home now.
I’m sorry, but I’m busy right now.
I’m sorry, but I’m going home.
I’m sorry, but I’m not confident of her success.
I’m sorry, but Mr Rooney is tied up at the moment.
I’m sorry, but do you happen to have the key to that machine over there? My croissant is stuck.
I’m sorry, but he is out now.
I’m sorry, but he isn’t home.
I’m sorry, but it’s impossible.
I’m sorry, but it’s just not possible.
I’m sorry, but that brand of cigarettes is out of stock.
I’m sorry, but that is simply impossible.
I’m sorry, but that’s all we have right now.
I’m sorry, but they’re out of stock.
I’m sorry, but where are the eggs?
I’m sorry, could you repeat that please?
I’m sorry, if I hurt you.
I’m sorry, lately I’ve been a bit emotionally unstable.
I’m sorry, my Uighur is a little coarse.
I’m sorry, my boss is sleeping right now. Please come back tomorrow.
I’m sorry, my dad is not at home.
I’m sorry, my father is not home.
I’m sorry, my father is out.
I’m sorry, my mother’s not at home.
I’m sorry, sir, but a jacket and tie are required.
I’m sorry, that flight is full.
I’m sorry, the flight is full.
I’m sorry, this flight is full.
I’m sorry, this painting is not for sale.
I’m sorry, today is fully booked.
I’m sorry, we can’t make flight changes on this ticket.
I’m sorry, we don’t accept checks.
I’m sorry, we don’t have films for your camera.
I’m sorry, we have no vacancies.
I’m sorry, we’re all out of manti.
I’m sorry, without an I.D. you cannot receive a remittanceã€‚
I’m sorry, you are not allowed to.
I’m sorry, you have to pay for the extra weight.
I’m sorry, your line is busy.
I’m sorry.
I’m sorry. I came late.
I’m sorry. I did you wrong.
I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to surprise you.
I’m sorry. I have another appointment.
I’m sorry. I take back my words.
I’m sorry. It was just a slip of the tongue.
I’m sorry. I’m a stranger around here.
I’m sorry. I’m partly responsible for it.
I’m sorry. Tanaka is not there for the moment.
I’m sorry. We’ve finished boarding.
I’m sorry. Would you mind turning around?
I’m sorry?
I’m sort of tired.
I’m speaking with my student.
I’m speechless.
I’m standing in the shade.
I’m standing outside the church right now.
I’m staring at myself in a mirror.
I’m starting to bleed.
I’m starting to dislike her.
I’m starting to eat.
I’m starting to feel anxious about it.
I’m starting to freeze.
I’m starved.
I’m starving!
I’m starving.
I’m starving. When the hell do we eat.
I’m staying at home.
I’m staying at my aunt’s for the summer.
I’m staying at my aunt’s.
I’m staying at my friend’s house in Washington City.
I’m staying at that hotel.
I’m staying at the Sheraton Hotel.
I’m staying at this hotel.
I’m staying in Italy.
I’m staying with my aunt for the time being.
I’m sterile.
I’m sticking to my original plan.
I’m still alive, and that’s the main thing, Father says.
I’m still busy.
I’m still feeling a little homesick and so many things seem strange to me.
I’m still haunted by a vivid nightmare I had last night.
I’m still having a hard time convincing myself that this is not a fantastic dream.
I’m still hesitating whether to go there or not.
I’m still in love with you.
I’m still miles off becoming a doctor.
I’m still not really happy.
I’m still on duty.
I’m still single.
I’m still sleepy.
I’m still suffering from jet lag.
I’m still thinking how I’m going to handle this.
I’m still thirsty.
I’m still tossing up whether to go by car or train.
I’m still undecided.
I’m still very tired.
I’m still waiting for my breakfast. Bring it to me now, please.
I’m still waiting for my order.
I’m struggling to hold back my tears.
I’m struggling to keep up.
I’m struggling to think clearly.
I’m stuck in a rut in my boring job and need to do something new.
I’m stuck on you - really far gone.
I’m studying English drama.
I’m studying English.
I’m studying French and web design.
I’m studying art at school.
I’m studying art history.
I’m studying at the University of Hyogo.
I’m studying economics at university.
I’m studying infinitive verbs.
I’m studying kabuki drama.
I’m studying the American drama.
I’m studying the English drama.
I’m studying the Japanese drama.
I’m studying voice at a college of music.
I’m stuffed!
I’m such a coward that I rarely visit the dentist.
I’m suffering from a bad headache.
I’m suffering from a frozen shoulder.
I’m suffering from chronic constipation.
I’m suffocating in here. Please open the windows!
I’m supposed to be sensible human.
I’m supposed to go to New York next week.
I’m sure I can overcome any difficulty.
I’m sure I have the right number.
I’m sure I saw her two years ago.
I’m sure I’ll be able to find it.
I’m sure I’ve seen him before.
I’m sure Mom will get mad.
I’m sure Taeko was scared and tried to get Yuri to go along with her.
I’m sure about his name.
I’m sure he can give you a good game of tennis.
I’m sure he has something up his sleeve.
I’m sure he is a man of ability.
I’m sure he is guilty of the murder.
I’m sure he is holding back something from us.
I’m sure he is keeping something from me.
I’m sure he mistook me for my sister.
I’m sure he will carry out his promise.
I’m sure he will come tomorrow.
I’m sure he will come.
I’m sure he will go far in the business world.
I’m sure he will make good in the new job.
I’m sure he won’t fail to keep his word.
I’m sure he’ll be along soon.
I’m sure he’ll be as good as his word.
I’m sure he’ll catch at this offer.
I’m sure he’ll pass the coming exam.
I’m sure he’s going to be somebody someday.
I’m sure his chemistry teacher would have failed him had they survived the tragic explosion.
I’m sure it costs a pretty penny. I’ll pass.
I’m sure it must be true from all that I’ve heard.
I’m sure it was just a terrible accident.
I’m sure it wouldn’t be too hard to find another place to live.
I’m sure it wouldn’t be too hard to find out who hacked into our system.
I’m sure it wouldn’t be too hard to learn how to use that application.
I’m sure it’ll be easy to find a place.
I’m sure it’s boring, but I’m not sure to which extent it's boring.
I’m sure it’s tough taking part in the activities of two clubs, but good luck!
I’m sure of his returning home safely.
I’m sure of his success.
I’m sure of his working for our company.
I’m sure of the fact.
I’m sure of winning the championship.
I’m sure of your success.
I’m sure people ask you this question all the time, but it’s all that comes to mind right now.
I’m sure people would live twice as long if they stopped getting themselves worked up over everything.
I’m sure she has got to the village by this time.
I’m sure she is going to sing at church tomorrow.
I’m sure she will become a great singer.
I’m sure she will come.
I’m sure she will turn up soon.
I’m sure she’ll cause a stir in the Tokyo fashion world.
I’m sure she’ll get over her illness soon.
I’m sure that Ted’s cough is due to smoking.
I’m sure that Tom would want you to go.
I’m sure that better times are on the way.
I’m sure that family is familiar with Japanese tastes in food. They’ve hosted quite a few Japanese exchange students.
I’m sure that he is clever.
I’m sure that he will take part in the contest.
I’m sure that he’ll come on time.
I’m sure that he’ll get angry.
I’m sure that he’ll succeed.
I’m sure that he’s happy.
I’m sure that my daughter will pass the exam.
I’m sure that our team will win.
I’m sure that she has arrived at the village by now.
I’m sure that she will come back soon.
I’m sure that she will not come to see you.
I’m sure that she’ll make good in the new job.
I’m sure that she’s correct.
I’m sure that they will pass the test.
I’m sure that this is a fresh water fish.
I’m sure that tomorrow I’m not going to pass my exam.
I’m sure that you will succeed.
I’m sure that’s no fault of yours.
I’m sure the children are getting big.
I’m sure there is nobody as kind as you are the whole world.
I’m sure they’ll win.
I’m sure we’ll make it all right.
I’m sure you did what you thought was the right thing to do.
I’m sure you don’t need me to tell you this, but wouldn’t it be a good idea to stop smoking?
I’m sure you like your new job.
I’m sure you were surprised to hear of my marriage.
I’m sure you will succeed.
I’m sure your efforts will result in success.
I’m sure your endeavor will bear fruit.
I’m sure yours doesn’t quite compare mine.
I’m sure you’ll be a valuable asset to our company.
I’m sure you’ll be sorry if you give it up halfway through.
I’m sure you’ll find a good job.
I’m sure you’ll like it.
I’m sure you’ll love what we have on the menu tonight.
I’m sure you’ll whip us up something really good.
I’m sure you’re thinking to yourself, ’Why is this guy making such a big deal of this?’ But make no mistake. This is essential.
I’m surprised at your behavior.
I’m surprised how inattentive I can be.
I’m surprised that Beth didn’t enjoy her time at the farm.
I’m surprised that he accepted the offer.
I’m surprised that she did such a thing.
I’m surprised that you don’t know about their marriage.
I’m surprised that you’re so naÃ¯ve.
I’m surprised to hear that he is in prison.
I’m surprised to see you here.
I’m surprised to see you smoking. You didn’t used to.
I’m surprised to see you smoking; you didn’t use to.
I’m surprised to see you.
I’m surprised you came at all.
I’m surrounded by fuckwits!
I’m surrounded by linguaphiles!
I’m taking Spanish this semester.
I’m taking a bath.
I’m taking a book.
I’m taking a couple of days off.
I’m taking a fertility drug.
I’m taking a leave of absence from Aug. 10 till 31 to attend a seminar in Germany.
I’m taking a shower right now.
I’m taking a trip to Armenia next year.
I’m taking a vacation from July 20 through August 8.
I’m taking a walk in a park.
I’m taking a walk with my dog.
I’m taking an exam in January.
I’m taking bereavement leave on Jan. 30 and 31.
I’m taking care of it. You can relax. You can rely on me.
I’m taking care of something outside.
I’m taking maternity leave from Sep.30 to Oct.14.
I’m taking my book with me.
I’m taking off now.
I’m taking off. See you tomorrow.
I’m taking the book.
I’m taking tomorrow morning off from work.
I’m talking about this pen, not that one over there on the desk.
I’m talking on the phone with Thomas.
I’m talking on the phone.
I’m talking to you seriously.
I’m taller than him.
I’m taller than you.
I’m teaching Basque.
I’m teaching Berber at a nearby school.
I’m teaching Berber next school year.
I’m teaching basic participial constructions now, but, with regard to those below, what different ways of translating them would everybody use?
I’m teaching two courses, year one’s "Self-expression for University Students" and year two’s "Food Chemistry".
I’m telling the youth: partying is life! And so is your face!
I’m telling you for the umpteenth time - No!
I’m telling you the truth.
I’m telling you â€“ that’s how it happened.
I’m telling you, I’m not going.
I’m telling you, his old car won’t fetch a red cent.
I’m telling you, you should have some fun.
I’m terribly sorry!
I’m terribly sorry.
I’m thankful for your friendship.
I’m thankful to you for your helping me with my homework.
I’m the bad one.
I’m the best.
I’m the black sheep of the family.
I’m the happiest man on Earth!
I’m the king of the world!
I’m the leader of this team.
I’m the mother of a son of a bitch.
I’m the oldest of the students in my class.
I’m the one responsible for the accident.
I’m the one using this picture.
I’m the one who wants to be with you.
I’m the only one who doesn’t know Uyghur.
I’m the only one who knows them.
I’m the only person Tom knows in this town.
I’m the only person Tom knows who can play chess.
I’m the type that avoids risk like the plague.
I’m the type who gets nervous in front of people, so I’m bad at speech making.
I’m the type who likes to think things over very carefully.
I’m the witchfinder general.
I’m the youngest in the family.
I’m there for you.
I’m thinking about complaining about my son’s teacher at the kindergarten.
I’m thinking about visiting my friend next year.
I’m thinking about which college might be best for me.
I’m thinking about you.
I’m thinking about your plan.
I’m thinking he was a kind man.
I’m thinking of embarking on a new career.
I’m thinking of going abroad next year.
I’m thinking of going abroad.
I’m thinking of going somewhere for a change of air, since my doctor advises me to.
I’m thinking of going to Canada next year.
I’m thinking of going to Disneyland for my next date with Jane.
I’m thinking of going to Europe.
I’m thinking of going to Germany to study medicine.
I’m thinking of going to Paris.
I’m thinking of going to the States during the summer vacation.
I’m thinking of going.
I’m thinking of having dinner at 5.
I’m thinking of learning Korean next semester.
I’m thinking of matching you against Yoshida in the race.
I’m thinking of taking you to see Mr Jenkins.
I’m thinking of the plan.
I’m thinking of visiting you one of these days.
I’m thinking of you.
I’m thinking there may not be enough time for me to eat before the meeting.
I’m thirsty.
I’m thirsty. Can I have a glass of water?
I’m thirsty. Give me something cool to drink, please.
I’m thirsty. Please give me a cold drink.
I’m three years younger than he is.
I’m three years younger than you.
I’m through with Mary.
I’m through with her.
I’m through with my work. Let’s go out.
I’m through with you.
I’m tickled pink about winning 10,000 yen at the horse races.
I’m tied up at the office.
I’m tied up now.
I’m tied up now. Could you make it later?
I’m tied up right now.
I’m tied up with a project that is due Friday.
I’m tied up with this job recently.
I’m tired and my head hurts.
I’m tired from lack of sleep.
I’m tired from the long walk.
I’m tired now.
I’m tired of TV.
I’m tired of all his complaints.
I’m tired of all this nagging.
I’m tired of all your fussing.
I’m tired of dancing.
I’m tired of doing the same things every day.
I’m tired of eating fast food.
I’m tired of fighting with you.
I’m tired of hearing your boastful tales.
I’m tired of her complaints.
I’m tired of him bawling me out.
I’m tired of insulting behaviors on Tatoeba.
I’m tired of it.
I’m tired of listening to his boasts.
I’m tired of listening to your bragging.
I’m tired of living this kind of life.
I’m tired of living this life.
I’m tired of making the best of things.
I’m tired of my current way of life.
I’m tired of my repetitive lifestyle.
I’m tired of my unchanging way of living.
I’m tired of studying.
I’m tired of studying. Let’s go out for a drink.
I’m tired of talking to you about this.
I’m tired of the daily routine.
I’m tired of the monotonous life.
I’m tired of the same old patterns.
I’m tired of the same old routine.
I’m tired of the usual stuff.
I’m tired of the usual way of living.
I’m tired of translating.
I’m tired of trolls on Tatoeba.
I’m tired of watching TV.
I’m tired of watching television.
I’m tired of working a nine-to-five job.
I’m tired of your complaints.
I’m tired of your everlasting grumbles.
I’m tired so I think I’ll turn in now.
I’m tired!
I’m tired, but I’m going anyway.
I’m tired, so I should get some rest.
I’m tired, yet I can’t help but smile at today’s memories.
I’m tired.
I’m tired. I just want to go on the teacup ride and take it easy.
I’m tired; I think I’m going to go to bed.
I’m to be blamed for that matter.
I’m to blame, not you.
I’m told "idiot" is a bad word, but where I grew up it doesn’t really feel that bad.
I’m too ashamed.
I’m too busy to answer the phone.
I’m too busy to go.
I’m too busy to have time to enjoy myself.
I’m too busy to help her.
I’m too busy to help him.
I’m too busy to talk to you now.
I’m too busy. I can’t take on any new work.
I’m too cheap to play anything but homebrew PC games.
I’m too excited to eat anything.
I’m too lazy to do my homework.
I’m too old for this world.
I’m too poor to buy a new suit.
I’m too sleepy to do my homework.
I’m too sleepy to drive.
I’m too tired to concentrate on this problem right now.
I’m too tired to do anything right now.
I’m too tired to do study.
I’m too tired to drive.
I’m too tired to drive. Could you drive?
I’m too tired to go out jogging.
I’m too tired to ride my bicycle back home.
I’m too tired to think about this problem now.
I’m too tired to think right now.
I’m too tired to think.
I’m too tired to walk any further.
I’m too tired to walk any longer.
I’m too tired to walk any more.
I’m too tired to walk.
I’m too young to die!
I’m totally and completely in love with you.
I’m totally boned!
I’m totally prepared for my spree.
I’m traveling on a tight schedule. I don’t have the time.
I’m traveling, and I’d like to make an appointment.
I’m travelling to Paris tomorrow.
I’m treated as a foreigner in Brazil.
I’m troubled by split ends.
I’m troubled by this birth-mark.
I’m troubled by this mole.
I’m troubled by this wart.
I’m troubled with atopic dermatitis.
I’m truly blessed to have you in my life.
I’m trying hard, but can’t think of her name.
I’m trying mah-jong for the first time.
I’m trying not to gloat too much.
I’m trying to find a green sweater in extra large.
I’m trying to get in touch with her sister.
I’m trying to lose weight.
I’m trying to remember.
I’m trying to rid myself of this bad habit.
I’m trying to save money.
I’m trying to save room for dessert.
I’m trying to shake things up in my life.
I’m trying to sleep.
I’m trying to throw this cold off.
I’m trying to understand why you didn’t do it.
I’m trying to work out this problem.
I’m twenty-five years old.
I’m twice your age.
I’m unable to go on holiday because of my low salary.
I’m uncertain about the next move.
I’m uncertain what time he is coming.
I’m undecided as of yet.
I’m undressing.
I’m uneasy about donating blood.
I’m unemployed.
I’m unsure about verb conjugations.
I’m up to here with him!
I’m up to my neck in it.
I’m up to my neck in work.
I’m up to the ears in debt.
I’m used to being laughed at.
I’m used to cooking for myself.
I’m used to getting up early.
I’m used to it.
I’m used to keeping early hours.
I’m used to staying up late at night.
I’m used to staying up late.
I’m used to the noise.
I’m used to working all night.
I’m useless at French.
I’m using Twitter.
I’m using a Mac and I can’t read a Windows 95 file.
I’m usually awake by 8:00 a.m.
I’m usually on my own and everyone lets me do what I have to do.
I’m utterly sorry!
I’m very anxious about my son’s safety.
I’m very ashamed of myself about what I’ve done.
I’m very bitter about that.
I’m very busy back home.
I’m very busy so probably I won’t be able to come tomorrow.
I’m very busy these days!
I’m very busy these days.
I’m very busy this week.
I’m very busy today.
I’m very busy today. Can you go to the post office and send these letters for me?
I’m very busy with the examination just before me.
I’m very busy.
I’m very calm about everything.
I’m very concerned about her illness.
I’m very fat.
I’m very fond of joking.
I’m very glad I wasn’t there.
I’m very glad that I’ve been singled out as being a suitable person for the job.
I’m very glad to hear that.
I’m very glad to hear the news.
I’m very glad to meet you.
I’m very glad to see you again.
I’m very glad to see you.
I’m very grateful for everything you’ve done for me.
I’m very grateful for your help.
I’m very grateful for your sympathy.
I’m very happy now.
I’m very happy that I can take care of the baby.
I’m very happy to hear about the party.
I’m very happy to know you.
I’m very happy to make your acquaintance.
I’m very happy to meet you.
I’m very happy to see you.
I’m very happy you’ll be visiting Tokyo next month.
I’m very happy.
I’m very hungry now.
I’m very hungry.
I’m very hungry; where can I find something to eat?
I’m very impatient to see the new version of Tatoeba.
I’m very impressed by your work.
I’m very impressed with your quality control.
I’m very interested in classical literature.
I’m very interested in social studies.
I’m very low on change right now.
I’m very lucky to have been gifted with this 10,000 hit picture! Thank you so very much.
I’m very much in favor of cutting taxes.
I’m very much obliged to you for your kindness.
I’m very particular about what kind of people I invite into my house.
I’m very pleased that your dream came true.
I’m very pleased to come with you.
I’m very pleased to meet you today.
I’m very pleased to meet you.
I’m very proud of my father.
I’m very proud of the job I chose myself.
I’m very sad to hear that.
I’m very sensitive to cold. May I have another blanket?
I’m very serious about wanting to be a good magician.
I’m very short of money.
I’m very sleepy now.
I’m very sleepy today, too.
I’m very slow at making up my mind.
I’m very sorry I came home so late.
I’m very sorry about the mistake.
I’m very sorry to have troubled you.
I’m very sorry to hear it.
I’m very sorry to hear that.
I’m very sorry, but I seem to have lost your umbrella.
I’m very sorry.
I’m very thirsty.
I’m very tired from work.
I’m very tired from working all day.
I’m very tired now.
I’m very tired.
I’m very tired. I don’t feel like taking a walk now.
I’m very well, thank you.
I’m very worried about my weight.
I’m very worried.
I’m visiting a friend of mine in hospital.
I’m visiting a friend right now.
I’m visiting her; however, she is not at her house.
I’m visiting my grandmother in the hospital.
I’m waiting for Godot.
I’m waiting for her to come here.
I’m waiting for him to get back.
I’m waiting for him.
I’m waiting for his telephone call.
I’m waiting for my friend to arrive.
I’m waiting for my friend.
I’m waiting for my mother.
I’m waiting for someone.
I’m waiting for the bus.
I’m waiting for the train.
I’m waiting for your assistance.
I’m waiting for your help.
I’m walking beside her.
I’m walking to school.
I’m walking with her.
I’m warning you!
I’m washing my hands because they’re dirty.
I’m washing the dishes.
I’m watching that TV over there.
I’m wearing a sweater because I’m cold.
I’m weary of her bragging.
I’m what the world calls an idiot.
I’m wheezing.
I’m willing to accept your offer.
I’m willing to do the job if you cooperate.
I’m willing to go anywhere you go.
I’m willing to help him.
I’m willing to help you if you want me to.
I’m willing to take care of your children, if you want me to.
I’m willing to try eating anything you eat.
I’m wishing for that.
I’m with NTT.
I’m with you.
I’m woke wise.
I’m wondering how long $100 will carry me.
I’m wondering if she remembers me at all.
I’m wondering what to cook for dinner.
I’m wondering what will happen if I push this button.
I’m wondering when to buy a computer.
I’m wondering whether I can add my own voice recordings.
I’m wondering whether Tom would ever consider helping me with my homework.
I’m wondering whether to take on that job.
I’m working for McDonald’s.
I’m working for a trading firm.
I’m working full time in a bookshop until the end of September.
I’m working in Tokyo now.
I’m working on his car.
I’m worn out by the hard work.
I’m worn out, because I’ve been standing all day.
I’m worn out.
I’m worried about the global warming trend.
I’m worried about the virus.
I’m worried about you.
I’m worried because of his health.
I’m worried because the dentist I went to recently told me, "You’ve got periodontitis alright".
I’m worried for you.
I’m worried she’ll dehydrate.
I’m worried whether your house was involved or not.
I’m worrying about your success.
I’m wound up head-over-heels with all this work!
I’m writing a letter.
I’m writing a random sentence.
I’m writing the fellow.
I’m wrong, am I not?
I’m young.
I’m younger than he is.
I’m your flatmate Paul.
I’m your landlady, dear, not your housekeeper.
I’m your roommate Paul.
I’m your wife and I like to look nice to please you.
I’ve a yen for adventures.
I’ve accomplished my task.
I’ve acquired confidence in the job.
I’ve actually been keeping something secret for ages.
I’ve added an alternative sentence and I’ve tagged it as ’old fashioned’. What more do you want, blood?
I’ve added my recommendations to improve the situation.
I’ve admired you from a distance all this time.
I’ve advertised my house in the newspaper.
I’ve already been here two hours.
I’ve already bought my ticket.
I’ve already come here before.
I’ve already eaten breakfast.
I’ve already finished my homework.
I’ve already finished my work.
I’ve already had a coffee.
I’ve already had my supper.
I’ve already had the entrance ceremony. It’s a university alongside the same railway line.
I’ve already lost hope of her losing weight.
I’ve already paid for the first lesson.
I’ve already picked out the CD I’m going to buy next.
I’ve already said it several times.
I’ve already said no.
I’ve already seen the film.
I’ve already spent all my pocket money for this month.
I’ve already talked to this student.
I’ve already tested them.
I’ve already waited two hours. I can’t wait any longer.
I’ve already worked in a restaurant.
I’ve also built up a lot of stress from the change in job and work-place.
I’ve always been passionate about football.
I’ve always fed my dogs in the early evening.
I’ve always had a soft spot for you.
I’ve always had an affinity for sunshine and warm spots.
I’ve always had trouble sleeping.
I’ve always hated biology.
I’ve always held you close to my heart.
I’ve always hoped to sail across the Pacific in a yacht.
I’ve always known that guys lie when they say that it’s the proportions that matter.
I’ve always loved the freedom that comes from being introverted.
I’ve always thought that a heart attack was nature’s way of telling you that it was time to die.
I’ve always thought that rickshaws and sukiyaki were the most successful amongst the products made from what was imported from the West during the Meiji period.
I’ve always wanted to be a professional basketball player.
I’ve always wanted to climb Mt. Fuji.
I’ve always wanted to go to Australia with my family.
I’ve always wanted to go to Boston.
I’ve always wanted to have a pet platypus.
I’ve always wanted to have a pet squirrel.
I’ve always wanted to know what that meant.
I’ve always wanted to learn how to swim.
I’ve always wanted to learn to play the oboe.
I’ve always wanted to meet you.
I’ve always wanted to meet your younger brother.
I’ve always wanted to own a sports car.
I’ve always wanted to play the trombone.
I’ve always wanted to run a small hotel in the mountains.
I’ve always wanted to say that.
I’ve always wanted to see your house.
I’ve always wanted to sing on stage.
I’ve always wanted to travel through Europe.
I’ve always wanted to try to learn French.
I’ve always wanted to visit Boston.
I’ve always wondered what it’d be like to have siblings.
I’ve answered that question already.
I’ve apologised, so lay off, OK?
I’ve asked him three times to take out the trash and he still hasn’t done it!
I’ve asked lots of people to help, but I haven’t any joy yet.
I’ve become impotent.
I’ve been absolutely off my feet lately.
I’ve been an alderman for five years.
I’ve been anxious to meet you.
I’ve been appointed to help you.
I’ve been asked to forward this message to you.
I’ve been asked to give the eulogy at my grandmother’s funeral.
I’ve been asked to give this to you.
I’ve been asked to help you.
I’ve been badly bitten by mosquitoes.
I’ve been bitten by mosquitos all over my arm.
I’ve been coming to work one train earlier lately.
I’ve been dead before, and it wasn’t too bad.
I’ve been down with a headache.
I’ve been eating the stew that we made a few days ago.
I’ve been expecting good news from them.
I’ve been feeling poorly for the last couple of days.
I’ve been friends with him since we were children.
I’ve been given permission to inspect this equipment.
I’ve been going out with her for months.
I’ve been going steady with her for three years.
I’ve been going to the gym for six months now but I must be doing something wrong because I still don’t see any improvement.
I’ve been grounded because my mum is angry with me.
I’ve been having a hard time falling asleep.
I’ve been having a terrible headache since last night, I feel horrible, it’s the worst feeling.
I’ve been here all day.
I’ve been here before.
I’ve been here for a while.
I’ve been here since Saturday.
I’ve been here three months, and so far I’ve enjoyed it.
I’ve been in China for less than a month.
I’ve been in New York once.
I’ve been in Sapporo before.
I’ve been in bad shape these days.
I’ve been in that line of work for five years.
I’ve been invited on a trip abroad, but I don’t want to go.
I’ve been invited over to a friend’s.
I’ve been invited there, too.
I’ve been laid up with flu for the last week.
I’ve been learning to drive.
I’ve been living in Canada for five years.
I’ve been living in Kassel for two years and still haven’t been to Herkules.
I’ve been living in San Salvador for six years.
I’ve been living with my uncle for a month.
I’ve been looking for a girl like you.
I’ve been looking for a new job for a long time.
I’ve been looking for it all morning.
I’ve been looking for them for more than one hour.
I’ve been looking for you.
I’ve been looking forward to hearing from you for weeks.
I’ve been looking forward to meeting you.
I’ve been looking forward to your arrival.
I’ve been lying down until now — I had a good rest.
I’ve been married three times.
I’ve been meaning to drop by and see you, but I’ve been rather busy this week.
I’ve been meditating on what you said last week.
I’ve been nosing around the office trying to find out the news.
I’ve been on a weight loss plan for two weeks.
I’ve been on close terms with her since childhood.
I’ve been on edge recently.
I’ve been on my feet all day, so I just need to sit down for a while.
I’ve been on my own these past few months.
I’ve been on sick leave.
I’ve been on the go all this week.
I’ve been out of the loop for a while. Can you bring me up to speed?
I’ve been painting the ceiling.
I’ve been pressed for time today!
I’ve been really busy with my graduation dissertation recently.
I’ve been requested to help you.
I’ve been running.
I’ve been searching for my puppy for weeks.
I’ve been secretly in love with her for years.
I’ve been seeking an answer to your question.
I’ve been shopping here for ages.
I’ve been sluggish recently.
I’ve been snowed under with work lately.
I’ve been so busy this past week that I’ve hardly had time to relax.
I’ve been studying Uighur for two years now.
I’ve been studying in China for ten months.
I’ve been subscribing to that magazine for four years.
I’ve been there a couple of times.
I’ve been there a few times.
I’ve been there already.
I’ve been there once.
I’ve been there twice.
I’ve been there, and it’s not all it’s cracked up to be.
I’ve been thinking about it the entire day.
I’ve been thinking about it.
I’ve been thinking about marriage a lot, and I think we should just do it.
I’ve been thinking about the meaning of life.
I’ve been thinking often about that episode these days.
I’ve been thinking that I may have been too critical.
I’ve been to Australia three times.
I’ve been to Hokkaido before.
I’ve been to Hong Kong once.
I’ve been to Italy on a study abroad program.
I’ve been to Kyoto twice.
I’ve been to Osaka on business.
I’ve been to Osaka to ask after my sick friend.
I’ve been to Paris twice.
I’ve been to Sapporo before.
I’ve been to neither of those places.
I’ve been to the bank.
I’ve been to the dentist.
I’ve been to the dentist’s.
I’ve been to the mall.
I’ve been to the seaside by car.
I’ve been to the station to meet a friend.
I’ve been to the supermarket.
I’ve been toiling away in the kitchen all afternoon.
I’ve been told to help you.
I’ve been toying with the idea of selling everything and taking a long, slow trip around the world.
I’ve been trying to teach our baby to eat from a spoon.
I’ve been upset not having written you a reply.
I’ve been vacuuming the rooms all morning.
I’ve been very busy lately.
I’ve been very busy since I returned from abroad.
I’ve been very busy since the new term started.
I’ve been very lucky today.
I’ve been waiting for hours.
I’ve been waiting for love to come.
I’ve been waiting for one and a half-hours.
I’ve been waiting for this moment.
I’ve been waiting for you for 5 hours.
I’ve been waiting for you for over a week.
I’ve been waiting for you for over an hour.
I’ve been waiting for you for three hours!
I’ve been waiting for you since two o’clock.
I’ve been waiting here for him since this morning.
I’ve been waiting since six o’clock and still my turn hasn’t come.
I’ve been walking on crutches ever since I broke my foot.
I’ve been wandering around.
I’ve been wanting to inhale some fresh air for a long time.
I’ve been wanting to see you.
I’ve been working all day, which is why I’m tired.
I’ve been working all day.
I’ve been working there for three months.
I’ve been worrying myself into depression.
I’ve been writing letters.
I’ve believed in Kylie Minogue since June 12, 1998.
I’ve boldfaced the articles that I found interesting.
I’ve borrowed a car.
I’ve borrowed a table.
I’ve botched things up so bad I wish I could find a hole to climb into.
I’ve bought a new palette and a few paint brushes.
I’ve bought the groceries, cooked the food, and now I’m waiting for my son to come and eat.
I’ve broken my glasses.
I’ve broken your vase. Will you forgive me?
I’ve brought a cup of coffee.
I’ve brought you a little something.
I’ve burnt the toast.
I’ve called and called, but there’s no answer.
I’ve cancelled the newspaper subscription.
I’ve caught a bad cold.
I’ve caught a cold and my head hurts.
I’ve caught a cold.
I’ve caught a terrible cold.
I’ve caught the flu.
I’ve changed my job.
I’ve changed my mind.
I’ve changed my website’s layout.
I’ve changed to accommodate you, but it’s never enough.
I’ve chipped off a piece of the glass.
I’ve clean forgotten.
I’ve climbed Mt. Fuji four times.
I’ve climbed Mt. Fuji twice.
I’ve climbed Mt. Fuji.
I’ve come here to help you.
I’ve come this far, so I’ll keep going.
I’ve come to like the picture more than ever.
I’ve come to say goodbye.
I’ve come to see the sights.
I’ve come to talk with you again.
I’ve come under pressure from my boss.
I’ve come, as my mother told me to deliver this here.
I’ve completely forgotten his name.
I’ve completely recovered from my illness.
I’ve completely recovered.
I’ve cooked you a nice hot dinner.
I’ve cried over what could have been, but healing follows.
I’ve crossed the seas of eternity to understand that the notion of time is nothing but an illusion.
I’ve cut my finger.
I’ve cut off from the internet.
I’ve dealt with this store for years.
I’ve decided not to keep a dog again.
I’ve decided on this new car.
I’ve decided that I won’t go to the party.
I’ve decided that we won’t go.
I’ve decided to answer all questions publicly.
I’ve decided to be more positive and give it all I’ve got.
I’ve decided to continue studying.
I’ve decided to jog every morning.
I’ve decided to join the volunteer fire department.
I’ve decided to leave my work at the end of the month.
I’ve decided to make something for us to eat.
I’ve decided to not vote anymore.
I’ve decided to quit my job at the end of this month.
I’ve decided to write 20 sentences a day on Tatoeba.
I’ve decided what to cook for dinner.
I’ve deposited the money in the bank.
I’ve deposited the papers with him.
I’ve detected a big mistake.
I’ve developed a bit of a gut lately, so I’ve decided that, starting tomorrow, I’m going to go to the gym.
I’ve done half the work, and now I can take a break.
I’ve done it just yesterday.
I’ve done questionable things.
I’ve done rock climbing and deep-sea diving and slept in an Indonesian jungle.
I’ve done the job two months in advance.
I’ve done with him for the future.
I’ve eaten a great deal of food this week.
I’ve eaten almost nothing.
I’ve ended up in my present state from having indulged myself.
I’ve enjoyed good health all my life.
I’ve enjoyed talking to you.
I’ve entered the appropriate settings on the washing machine.
I’ve figured out that the only way I can do this is to get Tom to help me.
I’ve figured out the puzzle.
I’ve figured out why Tom is always late.
I’ve finally got some vacation coming as of the end of this week.
I’ve finally got the knack of kendo.
I’ve finally got the whole set!
I’ve finally got used to urban life.
I’ve finally learned how to roll my R’s!
I’ve finished all except the last page.
I’ve finished all the work for today.
I’ve finished half so far.
I’ve finished my homework.
I’ve finished reading that book.
I’ve finished reading the book.
I’ve finished typing the report.
I’ve finished watering the flowers.
I’ve finished writing the letter.
I’ve fixed the radio for him.
I’ve forgotten his name.
I’ve forgotten my email address.
I’ve forgotten my pin number.
I’ve forgotten to post the letter.
I’ve forgotten whether it was Saturday or Sunday.
I’ve forgotten your number.
I’ve found a way of jumping so you can get 202m in the ski-jump!
I’ve found another job.
I’ve found it.
I’ve found something amazing!
I’ve gadded enough of that story.
I’ve gained five kilograms.
I’ve gained weight.
I’ve given him the benefit of the doubt one too many times.
I’ve given my all today.
I’ve given my best for the company.
I’ve given up eating meat.
I’ve given up on you!
I’ve given up smoking.
I’ve gone and caught a cold.
I’ve gone to Kyoto twice.
I’ve got 20 bucks that says we’ll catch the escaped prisoners before daybreak.
I’ve got a 38.9 degree fever.
I’ve got a bad case of jet lag.
I’ve got a big cock!
I’ve got a big dick!
I’ve got a big pile of homework I need to complete today but haven’t even started any of it yet.
I’ve got a big wash today.
I’ve got a bit of an ache in my back.
I’ve got a bit of spare time if you need some help.
I’ve got a boner.
I’ve got a degree from a polytechnic.
I’ve got a feeling.
I’ve got a few friends.
I’ve got a frog in my throat.
I’ve got a good idea.
I’ve got a headache.
I’ve got a keen-edged knife.
I’ve got a little surprise in store for the downtown boys who made fun of me.
I’ve got a lot of things to do this week.
I’ve got a lump.
I’ve got a new bike.
I’ve got a new word processor.
I’ve got a pacemaker.
I’ve got a pain in my side.
I’ve got a pair of sunglasses.
I’ve got a pass for the swimming pool.
I’ve got a plastic cup.
I’ve got a plastic glass.
I’ve got a provisional licence.
I’ve got a question.
I’ve got a reservation.
I’ve got a secret I’ve been hiding for a long time.
I’ve got a splendid idea.
I’ve got a sprained ankle.
I’ve got a temperature sore throat.
I’ve got a toothache.
I’ve got a toothache. The pain is killing me.
I’ve got a touch of the flu.
I’ve got a university degree.
I’ve got a weakness for homework.
I’ve got accustomed to speaking in public.
I’ve got an attractive proposition for you.
I’ve got another commitment this evening.
I’ve got another dollar coming.
I’ve got as much money as he has.
I’ve got better things to do than to keep track of what Tom’s doing.
I’ve got better things to do than to sit here listening to your gossip.
I’ve got blisters on my feet.
I’ve got enough money for a car.
I’ve got everything that you want.
I’ve got eyes on the back of my head!
I’ve got heaps of homework due today but haven’t even touched anything yet.
I’ve got little time for reading these days.
I’ve got married ten years ago.
I’ve got mosquito bites all over my arm.
I’ve got much work to do at the moment.
I’ve got my friend on the line right now.
I’ve got my stubbornness from my father.
I’ve got no answer to my letter.
I’ve got no more than five hundred yen.
I’ve got no more to do.
I’ve got no time for that now.
I’ve got no time to sit and talk.
I’ve got nothing to say to him.
I’ve got one brother and two sisters.
I’ve got pins and needles in my leg.
I’ve got really good news.
I’ve got so much left to do.
I’ve got some great ideas but I need money.
I’ve got some rather serious news.
I’ve got some work to do in the garden this afternoon.
I’ve got something important to discuss with you.
I’ve got something on you.
I’ve got tears in my eyes.
I’ve got the best way to get her to be your girlfriend.
I’ve got the day off today.
I’ve got the devil’s own luck in everything.
I’ve got the opportunity, I won’t let it slip away.
I’ve got three times more money as you.
I’ve got time on my hands.
I’ve got to buy myself a new stove: the one I have is very old.
I’ve got to catch some Z’s.
I’ve got to do my homework now.
I’ve got to earn my own living.
I’ve got to find the cause quickly, get out of this slump and live up to Mr. Tanizaki’s expectations.
I’ve got to finish this essay by tomorrow.
I’ve got to fix my hair.
I’ve got to get some money somehow to repay the bank loan.
I’ve got to get some shots.
I’ve got to get the house in order, so I’m busy now.
I’ve got to get to sleep soon.
I’ve got to go now.
I’ve got to go to another dreary meeting tomorrow.
I’ve got to go.
I’ve got to hand it to him. He works hard.
I’ve got to hang up now. Someone is waiting to use the phone.
I’ve got to leave soon.
I’ve got to make lunch.
I’ve got to remember to return this money to him.
I’ve got to see a dentist.
I’ve got to see it.
I’ve got to shave before leaving.
I’ve got to stop eating such sweet ice cream.
I’ve got to take a make-up test.
I’ve got to take an umbrella with me.
I’ve got to take my library books back before January 25th.
I’ve got too much to do.
I’ve got two books.
I’ve got two brothers and a sister.
I’ve got two brothers.
I’ve got wet inside out.
I’ve got work to do, so piss off and leave me alone.
I’ve got you down for six o’clock.
I’ve gotten better.
I’ve gotten much fitter, sleeker, and sexier thanks to all this running from the cops.
I’ve gotten really good at pretending.
I’ve had a good sleep.
I’ve had a lot of calls today.
I’ve had a lot on my mind lately.
I’ve had a lot on my mind recently and have had trouble falling asleep at night.
I’ve had a lot on my mind these past few days.
I’ve had a nasal voice for two weeks.
I’ve had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn’t it.
I’ve had a pleasant evening.
I’ve had a really tough day.
I’ve had a show.
I’ve had a vague uneasiness.
I’ve had coffee already.
I’ve had enough already!
I’ve had enough of everyday life.
I’ve had enough of life’s dullness.
I’ve had enough of my usual activities.
I’ve had enough of the typical way of living.
I’ve had enough of this monotonous life.
I’ve had enough of this program.
I’ve had enough of your boasts.
I’ve had enough of your falsehoods.
I’ve had enough, so my stomach is full.
I’ve had enough, thank you.
I’ve had enough.
I’ve had full dentures for two years.
I’ve had it for today. I’m too tired.
I’ve had it on my brain all day.
I’ve had it up to here with you!
I’ve had it with him.
I’ve had it. All I’ve done today is handle complaints.
I’ve had just about enough of her.
I’ve had my fill of the tea.
I’ve had my hair removed permanently, so my skin is smooth.
I’ve had my pocket calculator stolen.
I’ve had my ups and downs, but I’ve always managed to pull myself together.
I’ve had no problems with Tom.
I’ve had no problems with my boss.
I’ve had only a couple of drinks.
I’ve had quite enough of his impudence.
I’ve had too much beer, I have to take a whiz.
I’ve heard Jim rejected the proposal.
I’ve heard a lot about that, too.
I’ve heard a lot about you.
I’ve heard about it. Your parents disappeared, running out on their debt didn’t they?
I’ve heard about you.
I’ve heard all about it.
I’ve heard barley is yielding fruit in Sisku’s field.
I’ve heard it said that English is for making money, French for making love, and Spanish for praying to God.
I’ve heard it said that it’s harder to please a woman than to please a man. I wonder if that’s true.
I’ve heard my grandma’s stories so often that I’m heartily sick of them.
I’ve heard nothing from her as yet.
I’ve heard nothing.
I’ve heard of Tom’s marriage to a rich woman.
I’ve heard of him, but I don’t know him personally.
I’ve heard of pseudomyopia, but I never thought my own child would come to have it.
I’ve heard research has found that men are bigger liars than women.
I’ve heard research has found that men are more likely to tell lies than women.
I’ve heard that Mary wants a divorce.
I’ve heard that Mr. Huayllacahua is a carpenter.
I’ve heard that Robert is ill.
I’ve heard that Tom buys things on the black market.
I’ve heard that Tom can cook as well as, or better than, his wife.
I’ve heard that eating one or two servings of fish a week will reduce your chances of getting heart disease.
I’ve heard that he won’t be in this country for a long time.
I’ve heard that if you default on the water rates your water supply will be suspended, is that true?
I’ve heard that it is best to always feed your dog at a specific time every day.
I’ve heard that it’s impossible to sound like a native speaker unless one starts speaking the language before the age of twelve.
I’ve heard that people can eat cat food without any harmful effects.
I’ve heard that people who eat vegetables and fruit every day are less likely to have a heart attack.
I’ve heard that speaking with natives helps a lot.
I’ve heard that you can kill werewolves by shooting them with silver bullets.
I’ve heard that you don’t eat green leafy vegetables. You say that it is food for animals.
I’ve heard the example of the parents in Korea who let their child die because they were too busy playing video games.
I’ve heard this story scores of times.
I’ve heard you’ve been sick.
I’ve held feelings for you without saying a word.
I’ve helped enough; I’m not obliged to continue.
I’ve hired a private tutor to help me practice my German conversation.
I’ve inserted 2 DM and 75 â‚° to my piggy bank.
I’ve invited all my friends.
I’ve just arrived at the airport.
I’ve just been mugged.
I’ve just been talking to that awful little man from the garage. He’s so rude.
I’ve just been to my uncle’s house.
I’ve just been to the airport to see her off.
I’ve just been to the airport to see off a friend who was leaving for Europe.
I’ve just been to the bank.
I’ve just been to the post office to buy some stamps.
I’ve just been to the post office to send a package.
I’ve just been to the post office.
I’ve just come back from Sweden.
I’ve just come back.
I’ve just come up with a great idea.
I’ve just eaten breakfast.
I’ve just eaten so I’m not hungry.
I’ve just eaten some sushi and drunk a beer.
I’ve just finished breakfast.
I’ve just finished eating.
I’ve just finished in the shower.
I’ve just finished lunch.
I’ve just finished my work.
I’ve just finished packing.
I’ve just finished writing a letter.
I’ve just had a hot bath, so I feel much better.
I’ve just heard a disturbing rumor.
I’ve just let slip that he is sick.
I’ve just oiled the wheels.
I’ve just picked up a fault in the line.
I’ve just started playing tennis.
I’ve just washed the dishes.
I’ve known Jim ever since we were children.
I’ve known Jim since I was a child.
I’ve known Jim since my childhood.
I’ve known Jim since we were children.
I’ve known John since 1976.
I’ve known Mr Smith for many years.
I’ve known her for a long time.
I’ve known her since I was little.
I’ve known him ever since he was a child.
I’ve known him for a long time.
I’ve known it all along.
I’ve learned not to put much stock in what he says.
I’ve left my watch at home.
I’ve left out the nuts in this recipe because Delia’s allergic to them.
I’ve left that line of business.
I’ve lived in Kobe before.
I’ve locked myself out of the room.
I’ve looked all over but I can’t find my keys anywhere.
I’ve looked everywhere, but I can’t find my wallet.
I’ve looked through your report and made some notes on it.
I’ve lost a little weight.
I’ve lost about 80 cents.
I’ve lost all my money.
I’ve lost interest in golf.
I’ve lost interest in things I once loved because of you.
I’ve lost my bag.
I’ve lost my car key.
I’ve lost my crown.
I’ve lost my filling.
I’ve lost my fountain pen. I have to buy one tomorrow.
I’ve lost my glasses.
I’ve lost my pencil.
I’ve lost my pin number!
I’ve lost my religious faith.
I’ve lost my ticket.
I’ve lost my umbrella. I must buy a new one.
I’ve lost or broken all my necklaces.
I’ve lost the strength to walk — my knee gave out on me!
I’ve lost weight recently.
I’ve loved French cakes since elementary school.
I’ve loved you from the moment I saw you.
I’ve loved you quietly, without making it known.
I’ve made a discovery.
I’ve made a few corrections.
I’ve made a first draft of my thesis.
I’ve made a list of foods that I can’t eat.
I’ve made a list of people I need to talk to.
I’ve made a list of things I’d like to buy.
I’ve made a lot of friends since I entered college.
I’ve made a mistake, though I didn’t intend to.
I’ve made advancing gender equality a foreign policy priority.
I’ve made lots of friends.
I’ve made mistakes, but I try to be a good man.
I’ve made peace with my maker. I’m ready to die.
I’ve made the same mistakes as I made last time.
I’ve made up my mind to ask Mary to marry me.
I’ve made up my mind to ask Tom to forgive me.
I’ve made up my mind to come up with a better solution.
I’ve made up my mind to give back all the money I stole.
I’ve made up my mind to go.
I’ve made up my mind to learn how to play the harp.
I’ve made up my mind to study harder from now on.
I’ve made up my mind to work for a company in the States.
I’ve made up my mind.
I’ve managed to finish the first three chapters so far.
I’ve managed to talk him into buying a new bed.
I’ve matured over the last two years, and I want to show you that I’m not the person I used to be.
I’ve met her before, but I can’t place her.
I’ve met him on several occasions.
I’ve met that girl before.
I’ve mine right here in my hand.
I’ve misplaced my glasses, but I need them in order to look for them.
I’ve missed my aim.
I’ve mistakenly deleted the party information and registration you sent to me.
I’ve never associated you with this place.
I’ve never been abroad before.
I’ve never been abroad.
I’ve never been absent from school.
I’ve never been beyond Okayama.
I’ve never been spoken to like that.
I’ve never been there before.
I’ve never been there, but I think it’s past that traffic light.
I’ve never been to Europe.
I’ve never been to Hokkaido.
I’ve never been to New York, and my sister hasn’t, either.
I’ve never been to Paris.
I’ve never been to Spain.
I’ve never been to my grandfather’s house.
I’ve never been to my uncle’s house.
I’ve never been to such a nice party.
I’ve never been very good at playing the piano.
I’ve never climbed Mt. Fuji.
I’ve never come across such a strange case.
I’ve never done a bungee jump.
I’ve never done the kind of thing people would talk about behind my back.
I’ve never eaten Chinese food before.
I’ve never eaten a live octopus.
I’ve never eaten anything as delicious as this.
I’ve never eaten such a good meal.
I’ve never flown in an airplane.
I’ve never given anyone a Hermes scarf.
I’ve never gotten on a plane yet.
I’ve never had Chinese food.
I’ve never had a student before that behaved as badly as you did today.
I’ve never had any student who can solve math problems as fast as you can.
I’ve never had such a large sum of money.
I’ve never heard English spoken so quickly.
I’ve never heard anything more dreadful.
I’ve never heard her speak ill of others.
I’ve never heard him speak ill of others.
I’ve never heard him speak of his life in Canada.
I’ve never heard my mother sing a song.
I’ve never heard of such a frightening story before.
I’ve never heard of such a story before.
I’ve never heard of such a strange story.
I’ve never heard of such a thing.
I’ve never heard of that city yet.
I’ve never heard of that city.
I’ve never heard of the actor.
I’ve never heard of this actor.
I’ve never heard such a story all my life.
I’ve never heard the kind of stories he tells.
I’ve never heard you talk like that.
I’ve never known Tom to break a promise.
I’ve never met a musician that I didn’t like.
I’ve never met a person that I’ve disliked immediately.
I’ve never met an Ophelia before.
I’ve never met anyone who is agnostic about the existence of Zeus.
I’ve never met anyone who makes me as happy as you make me.
I’ve never met anyone who was able to learn how to play basketball just by reading a book. The same holds true for learning foreign languages as well.
I’ve never met her, but I recognize her.
I’ve never met her.
I’ve never met him, but I recognize him.
I’ve never met him.
I’ve never met someone that I love as much as I love you.
I’ve never met such a kind man.
I’ve never minded her behaving badly.
I’ve never played golf, but I think I’ll give it a shot.
I’ve never played golf.
I’ve never said that!
I’ve never seen a live whale.
I’ve never seen a more god-forsaken stretch of desert.
I’ve never seen a pearl of such magnitude!
I’ve never seen a real cow.
I’ve never seen a shot like that.
I’ve never seen a whale that big.
I’ve never seen a yellow submarine in my life.
I’ve never seen anyone look so angry like that in my life.
I’ve never seen anything like it.
I’ve never seen anything like this before.
I’ve never seen anything that brings such a sense of calm.
I’ve never seen as many people as this photograph the same rainbow.
I’ve never seen him in jeans.
I’ve never seen him really get down to work.
I’ve never seen him so incensed. He’s usually calm and composed.
I’ve never seen him wearing jeans.
I’ve never seen so big a dog.
I’ve never seen such a beautiful flower.
I’ve never seen such a beautiful sunset.
I’ve never seen such a big dog.
I’ve never seen such a giant watermelon!
I’ve never seen such a large whale.
I’ve never seen such a thing in my life, not once!
I’ve never seen such a wonderful sunset.
I’ve never seen that kind of tree before.
I’ve never seen this sort of bird.
I’ve never seen you cook. Can you cook anything at all?
I’ve never stayed out this late walking before!
I’ve never studied scientific philosophy, so I haven’t read about Caveilles either.
I’ve never tasted anything as unusual as this.
I’ve never visited Kagoshima, but I intend to this summer.
I’ve never woken up this early.
I’ve never worn a tuxedo.
I’ve no complaints. As far as I’m concerned, everything is just perfect.
I’ve no friend to talk to about my problems.
I’ve no idea what’s happening.
I’ve no more to say.
I’ve no way of telling whether or not what he says is true.
I’ve not been feeling very well lately.
I’ve not heard that she will come.
I’ve not read today’s paper yet.
I’ve not seen him in a long time.
I’ve nothing to fear from someone as pigeon-livered as him.
I’ve nothing to give.
I’ve noticed as President that at times, both America’s adversaries and some of our allies believe that all problems were either caused by Washington or could be solved by Washington -- and perhaps too many in Washington believed that as well.
I’ve noticed he spends more time alone lately.
I’ve often heard about you.
I’ve often seen him bullied.
I’ve only been online for ten minutes.
I’ve only got one left.
I’ve only had two or three drinks.
I’ve only heard good things about him.
I’ve only just come back.
I’ve ordered a book from Amazon.com.
I’ve ordered you some dessert.
I’ve paid parking fines a number of times myself.
I’ve painted the ceiling.
I’ve played the piano ever since I was a boy.
I’ve probably heard of him somewhere.
I’ve promised to give them one hundred hrivnas annually.
I’ve put my mobile on silent.
I’ve put on a lot of weight since Christmas.
I’ve put on weight recently.
I’ve put the salad bowl in the refrigerator.
I’ve quietly loved you all this time.
I’ve quit drinking beer.
I’ve quit using French with you.
I’ve re-implemented the htmlize program from the previous article entirely in C, including a plugin mechanism and the same two sample plugins.
I’ve reached my limit with everyday activities.
I’ve read any and every book in this library.
I’ve read both these books.
I’ve read some hundred books so far.
I’ve really got to buckle down and study for our final exams.
I’ve recently changed brands of toothpaste.
I’ve rented a room in Paris for a month.
I’ve reserved a double.
I’ve retired and I’m going to take it easy for a while.
I’ve returned.
I’ve run for three hours.
I’ve run out of money.
I’ve run out of my savings.
I’ve run out of patience for daily activities.
I’ve run out of things to say.
I’ve run this morning.
I’ve run three miles.
I’ve run up against all kinds of people, working as a temporary.
I’ve said everything.
I’ve sat on my heels for so long my legs have fallen asleep.
I’ve saved the best for last.
I’ve seen Tom on TV many times.
I’ve seen a couple of Kurosawa’s films.
I’ve seen a one-legged man.
I’ve seen an article on the Tatoeba blog about a new version coming soon. Have you read it?
I’ve seen better days.
I’ve seen dolphins smarter than you.
I’ve seen him at the Salerno fair.
I’ve seen it a million times.
I’ve seen it.
I’ve seen just now that the ambassador of Saudi Arabia has resigned.
I’ve seen men get plumb drunk on mountain air.
I’ve seen much of him recently.
I’ve seen my dog sneeze but never my cat.
I’ve seen one many times.
I’ve seen that movie before.
I’ve seen that picture before.
I’ve seen that.
I’ve seen the film many times, but I’d like to see it again.
I’ve seen things you people wouldn’t believe.
I’ve set the stage so now you just have to show some guts, OK?
I’ve shopped here for ages.
I’ve shut all six windows.
I’ve slept well all night.
I’ve sometimes taken time off work to watch the Super Bowl.
I’ve spent $500 a day.
I’ve spent 500 dollars in one day.
I’ve spent all the money.
I’ve spent almost all my money.
I’ve spent so many years as chairman that I feel it’s time I stepped down.
I’ve spent the entire morning cleaning my room.
I’ve spent way too much time thinking about this problem.
I’ve spoken amply about the project.
I’ve staked out places for us in the front row of the auditorium.
I’ve started Android programming.
I’ve started bleeding.
I’ve started learning Esperanto.
I’ve steeled myself to face a certain amount of sacrifice, effort and hardship if that’s what it takes to fulfill my dream.
I’ve still got a lot of work.
I’ve struggled with self-doubt at various points in my life.
I’ve studied English for five years.
I’ve studied Japanese for five years.
I’ve subscribed to two newspapers.
I’ve suddenly lost weight.
I’ve suddenly started to gain weight.
I’ve taken classes but still struggle.
I’ve taken up painting recently.
I’ve taught myself to play the guitar.
I’ve thought about it, and what we’re doing is just not right, so let’s break up after today.
I’ve thought about you a lot.
I’ve thought about you lot.
I’ve told you again and again to be more careful.
I’ve told you many times.
I’ve told you over and over again not to do that.
I’ve traveled to places that shaped my perspective.
I’ve tried Controls, but they seem a little tighter to me than Durexes.
I’ve tried calling him all day, but the line is busy.
I’ve tried everything I know to cheer him up.
I’ve tried everything, but I feel lost.
I’ve tried reasoning with him but he just won’t listen.
I’ve tried to communicate, but you shut me down.
I’ve triumphed over that coward.
I’ve troubled you!
I’ve used up my wages, but I have my bank account to fall back on.
I’ve used up three notebooks.
I’ve visited Nara.
I’ve visited many countries, but I like Japan best of all.
I’ve visited my father’s grave.
I’ve waited for more than a week.
I’ve waited two whole hours. I can’t wait any longer.
I’ve wanted this CD player for a long time.
I’ve warned you over and over again not to do it.
I’ve won first prize!
I’ve worked all day, so that I am very tired.
I’ve worked all day, which is why I’m tired.
I’ve worked here for ten years.
I’ve worked out a good plan.
I’ve worn holes in my socks.
I’ve worn out my shoes.
I’ve worn out the shoes.
I’ve worn out two pairs of shoes this year.
I’ve written a lot of stories.
I’ve written down all the numbers up to thirty-one.
I’ve written his address on the back of the envelope.
I’ve written three letters.
J. J. Thomson and his son George Thomson were both awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics: the former in 1906 for demonstrating that the electron is a particle, and the latter in 1937 for showing that the electron is a wave.
J. J. Thomson was an English scientist.
J. K. Rowling loves rapists. In 2020 she sent a bouquet of roses to Marilyn Manson, whose serial abuse and rape of Evan Rachel Wood had already come to light.
J. Kepler, astronomer and mathematician, made a study of planets and their movements.
J. R. R. Tolkien created orcs.
J. S. Bach was a famous composer.
J.F. Kennedy was buried in Arlington Cemetery.
J.K. Rowling devoted more of her transphobic manifesto to hating trans men than to hating trans women.
J.K. Rowling has not been silenced by anyone, but she has silenced a lot of people.
J.K. Rowling is a straight white cis woman.
J.K. Rowling is just as hateful of trans men as she is of trans women, but this hate manifests as a fake concern.
J.K. Rowling is not a victim, nor does she even support free speech.
J.K. Rowling is not the victim of her own crusade against trans people.
J.K. Rowling is one of the least "canceled" people on the planet.
J.K. Rowling uses aggressive litigation to silence her critics.
JBS Foods, the world’s largest meat supplier, has been forced to shut down operations in Australia and North America Monday, as the company has been a target of a cyberattack over the weekend, according to officials at its headquarters in Brazil.
JJ Thomson was an English scientist.
JNF is an abbreviation of Jewish National Fund.
JSK is one of Algeria's best soccer teams.
JST stands for Japan Standard Time.
Jabu, the African elephant from Botswana, fell into a termite hole and he twisted his wrist really bad. I was able to make a brace to stabilize the leg so he wouldn’t get attacked and could get around.
Jacaranda is the name of a tree.
Jack Daniel's is a Tennessee whiskey.
Jack Daniel's is the world's most popular whiskey brand, but until recently, few people knew the liquor was created by Nathan "Nearest" Green, an enslaved Black man who mentored Daniel.
Jack Daniel’s is a Tennessee whiskey.
Jack Dorsey hates me.
Jack Nicholson was raised in New Jersey.
Jack White and Karen Elson are divorced.
Jack always finds fault with others. That's why everybody avoids him.
Jack always finds fault with others. That’s why everybody avoids him.
Jack and Betty have been going steady for a month.
Jack and Bill were very good friends.
Jack and I agreed to take turns working at the office on Saturdays.
Jack and I agreed to work at the office on Saturdays by turns.
Jack and Jill are siblings.
Jack and Peggy were married by the Rev. John Smith.
Jack bores me with stories about his trip.
Jack bought a hunting cabin in North Carolina.
Jack bought a present for his friend.
Jack broke his mother's valuable vase, but he didn't do it on purpose, so she wasn't angry.
Jack broke his mother's vase, but not deliberately, so she didn't become upset with him.
Jack broke his mother's vase, but not on purpose, so she didn't get angry with him.
Jack broke his mother’s valuable vase, but he didn’t do it on purpose, so she wasn’t angry.
Jack brushed the dust off his coat.
Jack can be depended on.
Jack can speak French.
Jack can't afford a new bicycle.
Jack can't afford to buy a new bicycle.
Jack can’t afford to buy a new bicycle.
Jack collects stamps.
Jack decided to cancel the reservations.
Jack didn't make any mistakes on the math test.
Jack didn't really want to sell his house. He saw no other option at the time. He regrets his decision now.
Jack disappeared from view in the crowd.
Jack doesn't drive fast.
Jack doesn't have enough money to buy himself a new bicycle.
Jack doesn't like Camembert at all.
Jack doesn’t drive fast.
Jack exchanged the cow for the seeds.
Jack explained to me how to change the wheel of the car.
Jack got up early.
Jack had six exams last month.
Jack has a cat under his arm.
Jack has a ceramic piggy bank in which he saves coins.
Jack has a sugar mommy.
Jack has been living in New York for six years.
Jack has no goals for his life.
Jack has no goals in life.
Jack has no object in life.
Jack hid the dish he had broken, but his little sister told on him.
Jack insisted on having a living room to himself.
Jack insists that he has nothing to do with the crime.
Jack is Mary's second cousin, I believe.
Jack is Mary’s second cousin, I believe.
Jack is a lot wiser than anybody else.
Jack is a powerful acquisition for our team.
Jack is an early riser.
Jack is an evil boy full of evil ideas.
Jack is bound to succeed this time.
Jack is busy cooking for us.
Jack is in complete agreement with Jill.
Jack is interested in painting.
Jack is my name.
Jack is now either in London or Paris.
Jack is one of my friends.
Jack is quiet now.
Jack is the most intelligent boy in the class.
Jack is the tallest boy in his class.
Jack is three years older than I am.
Jack is three years older than I.
Jack is three years older than me.
Jack is three years senior to me.
Jack is very severe with his children.
Jack is wise beyond all others.
Jack isn't here.
Jack isn't here. He may have missed his usual bus.
Jack isn't there.
Jack isn’t here.
Jack isn’t here. He may have missed his usual bus.
Jack isn’t there.
Jack keeps a cat and a parrot at home.
Jack laughed at Christina's joke; the others all just shook their heads blankly.
Jack lived in Japan for several years.
Jack loves Ben more than himself.
Jack made a lot of mistakes in his composition.
Jack made me go there against my will.
Jack made no mistakes in the math test.
Jack makes the cutest face when he cums.
Jack makes the cutest face when he orgasms.
Jack may have taken my umbrella by mistake.
Jack may speak Spanish, too.
Jack of all trades and master of none.
Jack of all trades is master of none.
Jack of all trades, and master of none.
Jack of all trades, master of none.
Jack once gave a helping hand to Robert, who was in trouble; and now Robert, in turn, is of great help to Jack.
Jack painted his room.
Jack played a dirty trick on me.
Jack reached out for the magazine on the shelf.
Jack resembles his father.
Jack resigned from his job in despair.
Jack said he had never told a lie, but he was lying.
Jack seems to regret it deeply.
Jack shattered his mother's vase, but it wasn't intentional, that's why she didn't get mad at him.
Jack speaks English.
Jack stood aside for Hitomi to enter.
Jack stopped talking all of a sudden when Mary went into the room.
Jack suddenly stopped talking when Mary entered the room.
Jack told his wife out of the blue that he wanted a divorce.
Jack tried to evade paying his taxes.
Jack wanted Mary to kill Tom with her own hands, but Mary objected saying she was not ready yet.
Jack was able to establish that Tom never left his home on that fateful night, and therefore, he was innocent.
Jack was at school last year.
Jack was born on August tenth.
Jack was born on August the tenth.
Jack was caught for setting fire to the house.
Jack was laughed at by all the boys.
Jack was looking well although tired.
Jack was looking well, although tired.
Jack was lost sight of in the crowd.
Jack was never to see his sister again.
Jack was pacing up and down in the room, lost in thought.
Jack was really disappointed, and left his job.
Jack was tired from having walked fifty miles.
Jack was tired, but he looked well.
Jack was too lazy to give them a call, so they decided to walk without him.
Jack will not answer my letters.
Jack would often go jogging there.
Jack yawned and rubbed his eyes.
Jack's adventures are more amazing than those of the hero in many thrillers.
Jack's book is interesting.
Jack's car is a recent model.
Jack's problem is that his wife spends more than he earns.
Jack, Jill and Alice went up the hill.
Jack, how many sons do you have?
Jack, put your coat on and say bye to Paul. We have to go home.
Jack, put your coat on and say bye to Paul. We've got to go home.
Jackals are agile.
Jackals are animals that are related to dogs, wolves, coyotes, and foxes.
Jackals are common in Kabylie.
Jackals are dangerous.
Jackals are fast animals.
Jackals are mentioned about a dozen times in the Bible.
Jackals are monogamous.
Jackals are not picky at all.
Jackals are opportunistic feeders.
Jackals are part of the canine family.
Jackals are pretty common in the area.
Jackals are scavengers.
Jackals are very territorial animals.
Jackals are vocal animals.
Jackals can be pretty common in the area.
Jackals can eat human trash.
Jackals can run very fast.
Jackals defend their territory as a team.
Jackals do approach human settlements.
Jackals do invade human territory.
Jackals don't live around here.
Jackals don't walk on two legs like that.
Jackals eat decomposing flesh.
Jackals eat reptiles.
Jackals eat snakes.
Jackals have a reputation for cunning.
Jackals have fleecy tales.
Jackals howl in the early hours of the evening.
Jackals hunt together.
Jackals live in packs.
Jackals live primarily in Africa.
Jackals nibbled on the carcass.
Jackals scavenge.
Jackals were also seen eating grass.
Jackals were always very interesting to Fyodor.
Jackals were attacking Ziri's sheep.
Jackals would eat whatever they get.
Jackdaws are birds.
Jackdaws love my big sphinx of quartz.
Jacket-baked potatoes are the tastiest!
Jackets are requested for men.
Jackfruit is an ordinary fruit in Brazil.
Jackie Chan is a star of Hong Kong cinema.
Jackie Chan performed amazing stunts in the action movie.
Jackie's efforts to help homeless people backfired on her.
Jackie’s efforts to help homeless people backfired on her.
Jackpot.
Jackson accepted their advice.
Jackson agreed to be at the dinner.
Jackson asked the doctor to cut out the bullet at once.
Jackson could not believe it.
Jackson could not trust them.
Jackson fell from his horse.
Jackson finished his homework.
Jackson fought to hold back his tears.
Jackson got a hat trick.
Jackson had his arm around a young lady.
Jackson had six home runs.
Jackson hiked through the forest.
Jackson hit a six.
Jackson is Mary's maiden name.
Jackson is Tom's mother's maiden name.
Jackson is believed to have left Boston.
Jackson is his last name. His first name is Tom.
Jackson is my family name.
Jackson is my last name, not my first name.
Jackson is my maiden name.
Jackson is my surname.
Jackson is the only one on the roster who can play defense.
Jackson lived for eight more years.
Jackson played chess with his dad.
Jackson received no answer to his letter.
Jackson rode a rollercoaster.
Jackson said he was not worried about Texas.
Jackson said this was wrong.
Jackson seemed to get better.
Jackson sent a message to President Monroe.
Jackson stayed for a while.
Jackson strikes me as a shill.
Jackson was a rough man.
Jackson was not planning to retreat.
Jackson was seen in the town.
Jackson won by TKO.
Jackson's admiration for the courage of those brave souls who continued their trek in spite of the many hardships on the trail is seen is many of his paintings.
Jackson's eyes grew as cold as ice.
Jackson's health had never been really good.
Jackson's health quickly became much better.
Jackson's men began to leave the next morning.
Jackson's the worst governor we've ever had.
Jackson's the worst quarterback we've ever had.
Jackson’s eyes grew as cold as ice.
Jackson’s health had never been really good.
Jackson’s health quickly became much better.
Jackson’s men began to leave the next morning.
Jack’s adventures are more amazing than those of the hero in many thrillers.
Jack’s book is interesting.
Jack’s car is a recent model.
Jack’s coach decided to keep him on the bench for being late to training.
Jack’s problem is that his wife spends more than he earns.
Jacob Coxey was ready for the worst.
Jacob answered: That I departed unknown to thee, it was for fear lest thou wouldst take away thy daughters by force.
Jacob asked him: Tell me by what name art thou called? He answered: Why dost thou ask my name? And he blessed him in the same place.
Jacob baked cookies for his friends.
Jacob bought a present for his friend.
Jacob fixed the leaky faucet.
Jacob is a leftist.
Jacob is a prophet of God.
Jacob is a secular Jew.
Jacob is nonbinary.
Jacob said an flu-fighting peptide could be especially useful when vaccines are not available or when circulating viral strains become resistant to current drugs.
Jacob said: Swear therefore to me. Esau swore to him, and sold his first birthright.
Jacob told me everything.
Jacobs finished the 100-meter race in 9.8 seconds, clinching Italy’s first medal in the event.
Jacqueline is a French name.
Jacques Lacan famously stated that "The Woman does not exist."
Jacques Lacan is a very difficult read.
Jacques Lacan is famous for saying "the woman does not exist."
Jacques Lacan is renowned for saying "Woman does not exist."
Jacques and Hélène are delighted with what they've done.
Jacques has been doing judo for two years.
Jacques has his book. What about you?
Jacques is a Belgian name.
Jacques made it clear that he wanted to meet Mr Gagnon.
Jacques signed up for the Maths course.
Jacques took out an annual subscription.
Jade Rabbit has landed in the Bay of Rainbows.
Jade pillows were believed to transfer the energy of the stone to the brain of the sleeper.
Jade, take a small gun.
Jaded zombies acted quietly but kept driving their oxen forward.
Jaeyi Jeong, a junior at Sungshin University in Seoul, studied in Aschaffenburg, Germany, for one year.
Jaffa’s experiments and observations on the fruitarians and nutarians of California “showed in every case (two women and three children) that though the diet had a low protein and energy value, the subjects were apparently in excellent health and had been so during the five to eight years they had been living in this manner.”
Jaffer betrays his people.
Jaguars are eating your brother.
Jai and I had a discussion about religion. He noted that I was being a Buddhist in a principally Christian family. He thinks that my funeral would be Christian, despite me being Buddhist. I said that it did not really matter what others thought. I knew that Jai liked Zen Buddhism, but was affected by his German wife Erika's Lutheran background. Jai's family in India was Hindu. I read that one of the ways a Buddhist monk could attain more enlightenment was if he lived in a cemetery. For me, having moved from Vancouver to Lulu Island was like moving to a cemetery. In fact, I am an Animist-Buddhist.
Jai, an East Indian of Hindu family background, was a close friend to me when I was living in Vancouver, BC. He, his German wife Erika, and two daughters lived in a nice condominium in the Kitsilano beach area of Vancouver, BC. He was initially my coworker in a software company. He liked his job, as it was full of learning. His family followed a European-style of living in North America, as they were unhindered by television, took mass transit, ate German food, and immersed themselves in the EU languages of English, German, and French. Jai and Erika wanted to take Japanese in night school, but thought that it might be too challenging. Jai liked the ideas of Zen Buddhism.
Jai, my East Indian friend, and I had a discussion about writing systems. I told him that Japanese writing was easier on the eyes for reading than rigid Roman letters of Western languages. Indeed, Western printers do not choose a roundish, organic font.
Jai, my East Indian friend, and I preferred to lunch or dine at a Japanese restaurant. Jai was multilingual and knew several East Indian languages. He knew some German, as he tried to speak to his daughters in this language. He met his wife Erika in Germany, when he was working there. Before, he had also a stint in Thailand.
Jai, of a Hindu family, liked to drink red wine with his German wife Erika and European friends.
Jail comes after arrest and before trial.
Jail is a great place to meet other people interested in crime.
Jail is a very harsh punitive measure.
Jail is where criminals go to be punished.
Jail noticeably lacks the basic amenities.
Jailson drank a delicious orange juice.
Jaime's car plowed into a snowbank.
Jair Bolsonaro has coronavirus. Please pray for his swift death.
Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia.
Jakarta is where you can find shacks next to skyscrapers.
Jake danced the tango.
Jake quickly threw the ball in to his teammate.
Jake, a dominant, advertised for a compatible submissive online.
Jakov's mother gave birth to a most creative and positive being.
Jalapeños are my favorite pepper.
Jalebi sweets for everyone.
Jam can be made from rowan berries.
Jam comes in a jar.
Jam comes in jars.
Jam is made from fruit.
Jamaica gradually increased its independence from Britain.
Jamaica withdrew from the Federation in 1961 and gained full independence in 1962.
Jamaica's an English colony.
Jamaican people use a creole version of English.
Jamaican people were British citizens.
Jamal adores her.
Jamal always lies his way out.
Jamal and Sarah are coming today.
Jamal and Sarah arrived in Cairo.
Jamal and Sarah went, Fadıl and Dania came.
Jamal arrived in a taxi.
Jamal brought his car to the repair shop to have it checked.
Jamal came back in the evening.
Jamal didn't say anything.
Jamal doesn't want to know about it.
Jamal feels a little better.
Jamal gives me a ride every day.
Jamal has an appointment with the college principal.
Jamal has got the tickets.
Jamal has to go home now.
Jamal is a dangerous thug. He always gets in trouble.
Jamal is a terrible romantic.
Jamal is always so nice to me.
Jamal is directing the traffic at the intersection.
Jamal is driving across the bridge.
Jamal is going to help me with the wedding.
Jamal is good at what he does.
Jamal is here.
Jamal is late again.
Jamal is not part of my future.
Jamal is waiting for Sarah.
Jamal isn't just an ordinary man anymore.
Jamal kept bursting out with laughter.
Jamal left me a note.
Jamal left the construction site to go get a drink.
Jamal lost control of his emotions.
Jamal moved to Cairo with his new girlfriend.
Jamal seems very strong and professional.
Jamal suffered quite a lot.
Jamal waited for you all afternoon.
Jamal wants to be the center of attention.
Jamal was fired from the construction site.
Jamal was my first boyfriend and the only one.
Jamal watched TV too late.
Jamal went to his room.
Jamal would die for her.
Jamal, hold on.
Jamal, what are you doing here?
Jamal, you try.
Jamal? What is he doing here?
Jamala's victory at the "Eurovision 2016" convinces us that the world is not so hopeless as it sometimes seems.
James Allison and Tasuku Honjo won the Nobel prize in medicine.
James Bond is also known as 007.
James Bond is not an actor.
James Bond was always depicted as a high roller in his movies.
James Cameron created a new way to make movies.
James Carville, a U.S. Democratic Party strategist who had accurately predicted the states in which the successful presidential candidate would win a majority of the votes, was suitably modest, saying that even a blind squirrel finds an acorn once in a while.
James Cook was a British explorer.
James Cook was a man of his age.
James Dobrowolski, with the U.S. Agriculture Department, is one of the report's lead authors. He says population growth, urbanization, unsustainable consumption and the use of fossil fuels for energy all cause environmental change.
James Earl Jones has become one with the Force.
James Franco stars as a young outdoorsman who makes an unthinkable decision when his arm is trapped by a boulder in a remote canyon.
James Gould found them in bees too.
James Joyce's Dubliners is one of my favorite short story collections.
James Joyce's Ulysses is a stream-of-consciousness narrative.
James Madison hated the idea.
James Monroe easily won the election.
James VI of Scotland is crowned as James I of England.
James accepted the money that Amanda gave him.
James accidentally stepped on the ice, slipped and fell.
James accompanied Amanda throughout.
James acted like Amanda had heard wrong.
James acted like a coward.
James agreed to do what Amanda asked him to.
James almost got caught.
James already knew what a greedy jerk David was.
James already offered to stay behind and practice with us here.
James also saved Amanda from the cold.
James always supported Amanda.
James and Amanda actually forgave each other.
James and Amanda agreed to keep in touch.
James and Amanda are barely seeing each other.
James and Amanda are currently dating.
James and Amanda are not even married yet.
James and Amanda are polar opposites of each other.
James and Amanda barely saw each other.
James and Amanda both thanked the guy.
James and Amanda chatted and she realized how much she missed him.
James and Amanda continued the conversation in the living room.
James and Amanda decided to carry out the wedding.
James and Amanda decided to divide the inheritance equally.
James and Amanda divided the inheritance equally.
James and Amanda exchanged numbers and kept in touch.
James and Amanda felt miserable together.
James and Amanda finally met again.
James and Amanda finally met.
James and Amanda glared at each other.
James and Amanda had a lot of catching up to do.
James and Amanda have been chatting on Instagram for over a year.
James and Amanda have been dating for a long time now.
James and Amanda held hands and jumped for joy together.
James and Amanda made a balloon flight.
James and Amanda met in kindergarten and have been inseparable ever since.
James and Amanda once had twins.
James and Amanda rarely argue.
James and Amanda realized they had a lot in common.
James and Amanda sang, danced and twirled.
James and Amanda sat down for a chat.
James and Amanda sat together and practiced.
James and Amanda should have talked earlier.
James and Amanda sounded great together.
James and Amanda spent no time together.
James and Amanda spent the evening talking.
James and Amanda talked all through the evening.
James and Amanda watched the show like lovers.
James and Amanda were about to fight.
James and Amanda were arguing so loudly that everyone could hear everything.
James and Amanda were having a heated discussion.
James and Amanda were having a suspicious conversation.
James and Amanda were in the same class for four years.
James and Amanda were kissing at the party.
James and Amanda were laughing like children.
James and Amanda were living an actual fairy tale.
James and Amanda were looking for a child to adopt.
James and Amanda were still chattering and giggling. Were they flirting? There was certainly love in the air.
James and Amanda will have the whole weekend to themselves.
James and Amanda won't see each other often.
James and I were in RibeirÃ£o Preto last month. It’s a city in SÃ£o Paulo, Brazil.
James and I were in Ribeirão Preto last month. It's a city in São Paulo, Brazil.
James apologized for acting like a child.
James apologized for keeping that a secret.
James apologized to Amanda for firing her.
James applauded politely along with everyone else.
James argues that student athletes have long been unfairly compensated for their role in generating revenue for their schools.
James arrived at Amanda's engagement party at Walid's house.
James arrived at his lavish bungalow.
James arrived at the stupid summer camp.
James asked Amanda for an autograph.
James asked Amanda if she knew anything about that.
James asked Amanda to come in Berber.
James asked Amanda to lend him some money.
James asked me out on a real date.
James ate the sweets at night.
James attempted to exit the room, but the door shut abruptly.
James barely knew Amanda as a person.
James became a coach.
James became a good person with time.
James became a master in martial arts.
James became a moderator at Amanda's event which was going to be held in college.
James became mute.
James began his degree in astrophysics because he wanted to become an astronaut.
James began shouting.
James began to approach Amanda and talk to her.
James begged Amanda to forgive him.
James begged Amanda to hear him out.
James begged Amanda to speak to him.
James begged for money.
James believed he would soon become as popular as Brad Pete.
James believes that getting stuck in the elevator would bring him good luck.
James blocked Amanda's number.
James bought a lottery ticket.
James bravely chased those thugs.
James broke down in tears.
James brought Amanda her soda.
James brought in a cot.
James brought in a crib.
James called Amanda's school every day and asked them how she was doing.
James called it a day.
James called out Amanda's name.
James came across some dangerous guys.
James came and took me to class.
James came back into Amanda's life.
James came back to the resort.
James came back with a huge fish in his hands.
James came close to Amanda's ear.
James came here to rescue Amanda.
James came home feeling like a much different person.
James came home really late that night.
James came over to check up on Amanda.
James came to Amanda's house to visit her.
James came to Amanda, smiling.
James came to check on Amanda. He was crying, too.
James came to see his daughter.
James came to tell Amanda about the problems his family was facing.
James came up front and showed Amanda how to do that.
James came up to Amanda, frowning.
James can discuss absolutely anything with his parents.
James can finally sing to his heart's content.
James can finally talk to Amanda.
James can have you and your father thrown out into the street.
James can no longer trust anyone.
James can prove that Amanda is using Walid.
James can strike again.
James can't get anymore furious at Amanda than he already is.
James can't help but listen.
James can't waste his life on Amanda.
James caught Amanda and Walid in the elevator.
James caught a guy sneaking into the mansion.
James caught the fish with his bare hands.
James changed into this person I no longer recognize.
James claimed that Amanda was involved in a tax evasion scheme.
James clicked on the message immediately.
James climbed over the fence.
James clipped Amanda's wings.
James collapsed to the floor.
James collected videotapes.
James complained about ghosts in his apartment.
James completed the 1500 hours of training.
James continued to teach casually.
James could channel all his fear into his diary.
James could make money by giving piano lessons.
James could not accept Amanda's decision.
James could predict the future.
James couldn't believe Amanda had just said that.
James couldn't celebrate his birthday.
James couldn't come for various reasons.
James couldn't get Amanda out of his head.
James couldn't handle his grief.
James couldn't imagine he could live in a place like that.
James couldn't let anyone see him so upset.
James couldn't live without sweets.
James couldn't possibly forgive Amanda so easily.
James couldn't respond because he was shocked.
James couldn't say anything about it.
James couldn't say something like that because there was no way for Amanda to believe him.
James couldn't wait to talk to Amanda alone.
James crafted his masterpiece in the heart of the Amazon rainforest.
James cried his eyes out, waiting for his mom.
James cried outside the gate for a long time.
James damaged the training equipment.
James decided to browse through pictures on Amanda's phone.
James decided to call Amanda's number.
James decided to cheer Amanda up.
James decided to go downstairs to check the noise out.
James decided to go home and hide in his room.
James decided to skate after all.
James decided to talk to Amanda before going to bed.
James delighted Amanda.
James demanded an explanation.
James destroyed Amanda's reputation to get revenge.
James did a fantastic job.
James did a little research at school.
James did all the chores by himself.
James did forty push-ups and forty crunches.
James did not want to commit anymore since his marriage failed.
James didn't care about it at all.
James didn't even listen to Amanda.
James didn't even look at Amanda's face.
James didn't have a place to go.
James didn't have any relatives.
James didn't have the courage to contact Amanda.
James didn't hesitate for a moment to go and seek help.
James didn't hide there.
James didn't know about any of this an hour ago.
James didn't know what to think.
James didn't leave anything to his own daughter.
James didn't like Amanda when she was fat.
James didn't like his "perfectly" fake world.
James didn't like that one bit.
James didn't look me in the eyes when he said that.
James didn't pay taxes.
James didn't question Amanda's seriousness.
James didn't realize the toll it would take on Amanda.
James didn't realize the trick.
James didn't seem to like being there at all.
James didn't share Amanda's enthusiasm.
James didn't stand a chance.
James didn't take money from Amanda.
James didn't want Amanda to leave.
James didn't want Amanda to lose weight.
James didn't want to ask Amanda for money.
James didn't want to have anything to do with his jealous and cunning mother anymore.
James didn't want to see any of you.
James didn't want to waste time.
James didn't warn anyone that he was coming.
James died for a solid four minutes.
James doesn't believe in himself.
James doesn't even know his parents.
James doesn't even know who Amanda is.
James doesn't have to say goodbye to sports.
James doesn't have to study for the exam.
James doesn't know Amanda at all.
James doesn't look so good.
James doesn't need any diets.
James doesn't need to go through the hassle of a sale.
James doesn't sing that way.
James doesn't think he can have reception down here.
James doesn't think so.
James doesn't think this is his dream anymore.
James doesn't want to find his daughter.
James donated his fortune to Unicef.
James donated money to charities.
James double checked his phone to see if Amanda had sent any messages during the night.
James dragged Amanda to a restaurant.
James dragged Amanda to his car.
James dragged Amanda to the shops.
James dragged the woman's dead body.
James drank hot chocolate by the fire place.
James dressed warm.
James drew a mustache on Amanda's face.
James dug a hole and covered it with grass.
James ended his career as a singer before it even started.
James enjoyed the meal.
James even donates to charities.
James even has the court's permission.
James even taught Amanda how to skate.
James even whistled in surprise when he saw Amanda there.
James eventually passed out.
James fed Amanda with lies.
James fell in love with a liar.
James fell in love with figure skating.
James felt a little annoyed at Amanda.
James felt insecure.
James felt rage every time he thought about his dad.
James felt so frustrated when he saw Amanda and David kiss.
James figured out the voice was coming through the camera.
James finally accepted his Algerian heritage.
James finally accepted the invitation.
James finally called Amanda.
James finally fessed up to stealing money from the tip jar.
James finally saw Amanda.
James finds Amanda annoying now.
James finished playing the song.
James fixed a broken toy.
James fixed the squeaky gate.
James followed the game online.
James fooled his father and took the charity money for himself.
James forbade Amanda from eating sweets and junk food.
James forced his heavy eyes open.
James forgot his own name.
James found Amanda another place to stay.
James found Amanda exhausting.
James found Amanda sitting next to a box, crying.
James found a joint in Amanda's bathroom.
James found a phone on his nightstand.
James found a piece of paper with musical notes on it.
James found a treasure in the backyard.
James found an unread message and tapped on it.
James found morbid sculptures in the basement.
James found out Amanda had become rich.
James found out about everything.
James found out that Amanda used to date David.
James found out that Amanda's family wasn't rich.
James found out which hospital Amanda was at.
James fully expected that from Amanda.
James fund a way to make fun of Amanda.
James gambled away all his money.
James gasped in fear.
James gasped, clutching his chest.
James gave Amanda a goodnight kiss.
James gave Amanda a tour of the school.
James gave Amanda an apology gift.
James gave the girl some money.
James gave them all markers.
James gently pushed Amanda away.
James gently pushed a strand of hair behind Amanda's ear.
James gets shy because he can't skate like he used to.
James gifted Amanda with a ticket to a space park.
James glared at Amanda with envy.
James goes to film school.
James gossiped about Amanda behind her back.
James got a D in Berber.
James got a standing ovation.
James got choked.
James got in shape.
James got into the car and Amanda glared at Walid.
James got into the limo.
James got lost in the woods and got chased by a bear.
James got mad as hell.
James got out of his limo to open Amanda's door.
James got shy.
James got the money he needed and opened his restaurant.
James got the oxygen he needed.
James got top scores.
James got transported on the boat.
James grabbed Amanda's arm and dragged her deeper into the jungle.
James grabbed Amanda's arm and dragged her to his truck.
James grabbed the document.
James graduated in that class.
James grew suspicious.
James grew to love school.
James gritted his teeth in anger.
James growled angrily.
James had a beautiful voice.
James had a fight with Mom.
James had a great fear of making mistakes in class and being reprimanded.
James had a lot to think about.
James had a math exam the next day.
James had a smug smile on his face.
James had big eyes.
James had breathing difficulties.
James had fractures.
James had good reasons to take that money.
James had his dad.
James had no faith in himself.
James had no friends at his new school.
James had no money.
James had no time or energy to do anything fun or date.
James had this need to interact with people.
James had to get rid of Amanda.
James had to go on a date.
James had to pass that test.
James had to rescue his younger sister, Amanda.
James had to sit up all night.
James handed Amanda a wrinkled sticky note and told her: "This is the address."
James has 499 days left.
James has a club meeting after school.
James has a house near the Soummam River, in northeastern Algeria.
James has a private cinema.
James has a spa.
James has already donated the money to charities.
James has always been a spoilt child.
James has always been homeschooled.
James has always dreamed of that.
James has always loved to sing.
James has apparently stopped practicing.
James has become the best version of himself.
James has been chatting with Amanda again.
James has been learning Berber lately.
James has been preparing Amanda for this marriage her whole life.
James has been trying to contact Amanda for a long time.
James has been watching Amanda's channel.
James has been working in the backyard.
James has changed so much.
James has clearly crossed a line with his stupid rebellion.
James has done some research on that.
James has felt so empty without Amanda.
James has finally managed to make it past the border.
James has gone crazy.
James has just finished performing.
James has just moved from Algeria.
James has lived his life.
James has missed his friends so much.
James has mistaken Amanda for Barbara.
James has never been so happy.
James has never sung in front of a choir before.
James has not recovered.
James has recently started sleepwalking.
James has suddenly grown a second left foot.
James has taken really good care of Amanda.
James has taken the money, too.
James has trophies to prove that.
James has truly grown up and changed.
James hasn't changed at all.
James hasn't spoken a word.
James hasn't used that tone with me before.
James hates liars.
James headed to Amanda's place.
James heard Amanda arguing with someone over the phone.
James heard Amanda's voice whispering to him to open the front door.
James heard a gunshot coming from the woods.
James heard blasting music outside.
James heard the commotion and hurried to the room.
James heard the sound of water bubbling.
James heard upbeat music outside.
James held Amanda's arms and stopped her.
James held a party at his house.
James held his tears back.
James held out his hand and Amanda shook it.
James helped Amanda get her van out of the snow.
James helped Amanda get the oxygen she needed.
James helped Amanda out of the pool.
James hopped onto the armchair.
James ignored the noise and went to bed.
James imagined flying through the universe, dodging stars and planets.
James immediately hung up the phone.
James immediately prepared his camera.
James immediately ran up to Amanda.
James immediately tidied himself up right there and then.
James insisted on sending Amanda to the camp.
James interrupted our moment.
James introduced himself as a Berber teacher.
James introduced himself to Amanda in Berber.
James invited Amanda to his house.
James invited Amanda to the festival.
James is South African.
James is a despicable excuse for a human being.
James is almost a grown-up.
James is going in.
James is going on a date soon.
James is going to a concert with his friends.
James is going to confess something right now.
James is his Christian name.
James is in a meeting with his partner, David.
James is in the living room, waiting for Amanda.
James is in the middle of the city.
James is just a pompous liar from TV.
James is just here to remind Amanda.
James is living like an ordinary teenager.
James is lucky to be singing with someone as talented as Amanda.
James is not Amanda's equal.
James is not a kid anymore.
James is not as good as he used to be.
James is not leaving his friends.
James is not spending time with Amanda.
James is now detransitioning.
James is on his first mission to space.
James is part of a group of African Americans working in science, technology, engineering and mathematics who put Black Birders Week together.
James is ready to step in.
James is so nasty no one wants to be friends with him.
James is so proud of his son.
James is spending time with Amanda because she's cool.
James is still incredibly annoying.
James is still stuck here.
James is suing Amanda's company.
James is sure Amanda will like Walid.
James is the reason why Amanda doesn't have faith in herself.
James is there anyway.
James is too busy for Amanda.
James is totally beat.
James is very popular in his country.
James is will compete.
James jumped out of bed, scared out of his mind.
James just looks different.
James just needed some time to adjust.
James just said something nice about Amanda.
James just transferred all his possessions to Amanda.
James just wanted to make Amanda suffer.
James kept a cool head and saved Amanda from the thugs.
James kept apologizing.
James kept listening to sad songs on repeat.
James kept shifting the conversation.
James kept that from Amanda.
James knew Amanda's reputation.
James knew about the deed in Amanda's safe.
James knew he could rely on Amanda.
James knew he looked great.
James knew nothing about being an ordinary teenager.
James knew that Amanda had an exam.
James knew that his grandfather was sick.
James knew that the woman in the picture wasn't Amanda.
James knocked away the strange sculpture.
James knocked on Amanda's door in the morning.
James knocked the gun out of Amanda's hand with a kick.
James knows Amanda is crazy about him.
James knows his mom is waiting for him.
James knows how shallow his friends are.
James knows how to speak on camera.
James landed on the pavement.
James learnt Berber as well.
James learnt that some of Amanda's friends were coming with us.
James left Amanda at the park where they slept.
James left his room feeling confident in himself.
James left work early today.
James lied down on a bench.
James liked the beach.
James liked the way he looked.
James likes being alone sometimes.
James lived in a golden cage.
James lived in a little Algerian neighborhood in London.
James lives in a posh mansion.
James looked at Amanda in shock.
James looked at Amanda strangely then, suddenly, he started hugging her.
James looked deep into Amanda's eyes and said: "I'm sorry I interrupted your audition."
James looked for Amanda, but he didn't find her.
James looked like Hercules himself.
James looked pretty nervous himself.
James looked totally perfect.
James looked up and made eye contact with Amanda.
James looked very sad.
James looks good.
James looks great.
James lost his wife to a traffic accident.
James loves presents.
James made a fake Instagram profile and because Amanda's best friend.
James made faces during the photoshoots.
James made himself proud.
James made lemonade.
James may fall in love.
James moved into a bungalow.
James murdered the woman in cold blood.
James naively thought that everyone in his country lived that way.
James nearly died in a car accident.
James needed Amanda at once.
James needed a lot of money for that.
James needed to be more confident.
James needed to get rid of his urges.
James needs 1500 hours for a black belt.
James needs to face it upfront.
James needs to go to Algeria for four weeks to meet his family.
James needs to lose weight for his health.
James needs to see his dad now.
James needs to understand his sister more.
James never gave Amanda any money to care for his mother.
James never lied to Amanda about anything.
James never slept with Amanda.
James never takes the elevator in the subway.
James no longer has a reason to be in this house.
James nodded grimly.
James nodded with a smile.
James noticed Amanda's face was so close.
James noticed Amanda's high spirits.
James noticed a pair of wet footsteps on the floor.
James offered Amanda a pack of cookies.
James only talked about the present and the future.
James opened his mouth to speak.
James opened the bag of peanuts and dug in.
James opened the envelope and took out a document.
James opened the lid of Amanda's piano.
James overheard a suspicious conversation between his maids.
James overheard one girl say to the other: "This is Amanda's boyfriend."
James packed up his things in the dressing room.
James paid the fine for Amanda.
James paid the fine.
James pedalled fast to keep up.
James performed on stage.
James picked Amanda up in a limo.
James picked four numbers.
James plans to have surgery to remove the tumor.
James played the opening notes for Amanda's song.
James played with a sword.
James played with the dog for a while.
James practically lives in Amanda's room.
James practiced singing in the shower.
James prepared for a test.
James pretended to listen to Amanda.
James promised he would do his share of chores.
James promised he wouldn't show the video to anyone.
James promised to by his son a limo.
James promised to send David to a boarding school for boys.
James promised to tell Amanda about that.
James prompted Amanda to leave.
James pulled Amanda over into a hug and she cried like a baby.
James pulled Amanda toward him.
James pulled out a bag of gummy worms.
James pushed every button in the elevator.
James put frogs in Amanda's bed.
James put his hand on Amanda's cheek.
James put his hand on Amanda's shoulder.
James quickly became popular.
James quickly pushed the other guy away.
James quickly took off.
James quietly left.
James ran away like a coward.
James ran into Amanda in an elevator.
James ran into Amanda's room in a panic.
James ran off before Amanda could see his tears.
James ran out to the front yard with his mom.
James ran outside to see what it was.
James ran over to Amanda at recess.
James ran to Amanda's rescue.
James ran to his room, happily singing Justin Timberlake.
James rang the doorbell.
James ransacked through Amanda's things.
James reached the mansion.
James reacted in an adult way.
James realized that David was a cowardly liar.
James realized that it was all a dream.
James really admired what Amanda was doing.
James really wanted to meet Amanda.
James recorded a single.
James refused to bend the knee and submit.
James refused to do what Amanda asked him to do.
James refused to eat sweets.
James refused to skate and decided to leave.
James refuses to leave his comfort zone.
James regretted his decision.
James regretted knowing Amanda.
James reported Amanda missing to the police.
James returned to the real world.
James revealed Amanda the secret of that room.
James rummaged through his mom's desk.
James rushed to take his spot.
James said that he really missed ice skating.
James said that in a defeated voice.
James said that the was nothing after death.
James said that, sobbing.
James said things that were really hurtful.
James sang around the world with the most prestigious operas.
James sat down at the piano.
James sat down in shock.
James sat down on a bench.
James sat right in the front row.
James saved at the last minute.
James saw Amanda by Walid's door.
James saw Amanda standing by David's electric scooter.
James saw Amanda's doppleganger.
James saw Amanda, too.
James saw a cafe ahead.
James saw a car stuck in the snow.
James saw a rescue boat with his parents on it.
James saw a ton of messages from Amanda.
James saw bloody footprints walking up to him.
James saw dead bodies wrapped in blankets.
James saw light coming from a house from the other side of the lake.
James saw one of the women in Amanda's picture.
James saw other women who looked like Amanda.
James saw the weird face of Amanda.
James saw visions of Amanda killing another woman.
James scolded Amanda in front of her friends.
James scored a goal.
James screamed with glee.
James scrolled through social media.
James searched online.
James seasoned the salad.
James seemed pensive and lost.
James seemed perfect.
James seemed really enthusiastic.
James sent Amanda countless messages to try and ruin her mood.
James sent Amanda on a boat ride.
James sent Amanda to a local school.
James sent the text message.
James should discuss that with Amanda.
James should donate money to some charities.
James should get his eyes checked.
James should have been up already.
James should have taken Amanda to a different store.
James should know the truth about Amanda.
James shouldn't be obsessed with his weight.
James shouldn't have messed with Amanda.
James shouted: "Surprise!"
James showed a video of Amanda skating.
James shut the door in Amanda's face.
James sighed heavily.
James signed up for two weekly piano classes.
James skated even better than what he had hoped.
James snapped in annoyance.
James sneaked into Amanda's mansion's gates and brought her some cakes.
James snuck out of his dad's mansion.
James sobbed, hugging his father.
James sold his car.
James sounded amazing in rehearsal.
James sounds like my old neighbor.
James spends money on charities.
James spends the weekends at his dad's.
James spent a lot of time alone.
James spent all night watching TV shows.
James spent his time browsing for a new apartment to buy.
James spent the day sunbathing.
James spent the entire evening trying to impress Amanda.
James spent the whole day with Amanda.
James splashed Amanda with water from a puddle.
James spoke in Berber, but Amanda didn't know how to speak the language.
James spotted Amanda outside in the garden kissing a strange boy.
James stared at Amanda with admiration.
James started dancing around Amanda.
James started dressing like a star.
James started giggling nastily.
James started giving Amanda compliments and gifts.
James started hanging out with Amanda again.
James started high school and everything started changing.
James started humming a Berber song.
James started jumping for joy like a kid again.
James started listening to sad music.
James started packing up his bag.
James started rehearsing for national.
James started running after the bus, calling Amanda's name.
James started sleepwalking after Amanda died.
James started stuttering.
James started talking as if he knew Amanda.
James started talking properly at four.
James started to film Amanda.
James started to head back stage to get his bag.
James started to pretend that Amanda didn't exist.
James started waiting as a waiter at Mom's restaurant.
James started walking along the dock.
James started working more to support us.
James stayed at a hotel for a couple of nights.
James stepped back on stage.
James stepped into the bedroom.
James stepped out of the lawyer's office.
James stepped out of the room with his lawyer.
James stepped out of the shadows.
James stirred the soup.
James stood in front of his dad's study.
James stopped attending school.
James stopped dating Amanda.
James stopped eating sweets.
James stopped to offer the driver help.
James stuck his tongue out at the principal.
James suddenly appeared next to Amanda.
James suddenly came to Amanda's house.
James suddenly turned extremely jealous.
James suggested that we go shopping.
James suggested that we go to a concert together.
James talked about his imaginary friends.
James taped on the message and began reading.
James teared up and left the room wordlessly.
James thinks Amanda is a good girl.
James thinks he is unattractive, but he really just has poor hygiene.
James thought Amanda was an arrogant rich girl.
James thought Amanda was in Algeria.
James threw Amanda a great birthday party.
James threw a fit.
James threw a huge pool party in his mansion.
James threw away everything that reminded him of Amanda.
James threw his arms around Amanda and squeezed tight.
James threw the flowers at the passionate couple.
James tied the bodyguards together with a rope.
James told Amanda about everything he had just learnt.
James told Amanda not to speak about that woman in his house.
James told Amanda that he wanted to buy a house in Jijel, Algeria.
James told Amanda that he would help her hide from the police.
James told Amanda to listen to Walid while her mom was gone.
James told Amanda to look out the window.
James told Amanda to stay away from her peers.
James told Amanda what the message said.
James told a funny joke at the party.
James told all of his friends that he wanted to prank Amanda.
James told me his plan.
James told people he was starving.
James took Amanda away for a chat.
James took Amanda out to cheer her up.
James took Amanda to his house for a chat.
James took Amanda to the concert with him.
James took Amanda to the end of the store.
James took Amanda to the water with him.
James took Amanda's hand and spun her around.
James took Amanda's hands into his.
James took M&M's without paying for them.
James took a step back to get away from Amanda.
James took piano lessons with Amanda.
James took singing lessons.
James took the microphone and got ready to sing.
James took the phone out of the drawer he put it in.
James transferred all his positions to Amanda's name.
James trashed the whole studio.
James treated Amanda with hot cocoa from his thermos.
James tried to ask his mom about it.
James tried to back Amanda into a corner.
James tried to call Amanda to get his mind off things.
James tried to call his best friend, Walid, but he didn't pick up.
James tried to convince Amanda to kill Walid.
James tried to dissuade Amanda.
James tried to make Amanda stay as long as he possibly could.
James turned his phone's flashlight off.
James turned off the alarm clock.
James turned off the camera.
James turned on his phone's flashlight.
James turned out to be a jerk.
James turned out to be quite a playboy.
James turned to Amanda's direction.
James turned to look and, standing in the hallway, was the most beautiful girl he had ever seen.
James turned to look directly in Amanda's eyes.
James tweeted that the signing was a momentous occasion.
James ultimately decided to put the gun down and not commit suicide.
James used to dream of being a singer.
James visited the occult bookstore.
James walked Amanda in the city.
James walked past Amanda's room to see that she had a Justin Bieber poster on the wall.
James walked to Amanda's table.
James walked up to Amanda and asked her or money.
James wanted Amanda to leave this city.
James wanted Amanda to lose weight.
James wanted to apologize to Amanda's father for all the things he had done to his daughter.
James wanted to be seen as a bad guy.
James wanted to catch the last train.
James wanted to coach Amanda.
James wanted to do something to improve his mood.
James wanted to fulfill his dream.
James wanted to give Amanda a big hug.
James wanted to go home and finish school.
James wanted to keep going there.
James wanted to know more about Amanda's accident at work.
James wanted to leave before Amanda saw him.
James wanted to make a scene.
James wanted to prank Amanda.
James wanted to see Amanda take off on a rocket.
James wanted to send Amanda to a summer camp.
James wants for nothing.
James warned Amanda before the police arrived.
James was Walid's biggest competition.
James was a burden Amanda got dumped with.
James was a no-show at the event.
James was a perfect straight A student.
James was a right-wing zealot.
James was a well-built man.
James was accompanied by a lady who kind of looked like Amanda.
James was actually Walid.
James was actually close to Amanda.
James was adopted by a couple and raised him as their own kid.
James was afraid of breaking Amanda's heart.
James was an arrogant jerk.
James was an excellent student, too.
James was an expert in martial arts.
James was an outspoken critic of cisgenderism.
James was an outspoken critic of transgenderism.
James was an ungrateful spoilt child.
James was baffled.
James was beginning to suspect that his mom had a hand in this.
James was being really awkward.
James was born to the CEO of a multinational.
James was bragging in front of the whole team.
James was brought to a police station.
James was calling the parents of his students to inform them about the upcoming excursion.
James was caught in a shower.
James was certain that the train was coming.
James was charming and funny.
James was chatting with some girl on the porch and then, she kissed him.
James was covered in his blood.
James was crushing on an Algerian woman.
James was crying like a baby.
James was curious, so he asked Amanda about it.
James was dating someone else.
James was discharged soon from the hospital.
James was done with boring homeschooling.
James was drinking hot tea in the living room.
James was driving Amanda to school.
James was eavesdropping on Amanda.
James was embarrassed to be seen with Amanda.
James was even more pissed off at Amanda.
James was expecting that, but not so soon.
James was fashionable.
James was feeling conflicted.
James was forming his first words when he was only one.
James was frozen and exhausted.
James was given a giant check that said "Forty million dollars."
James was glad Amanda came.
James was glad Amanda was able to show David his place.
James was glad Amanda was safe and sound.
James was glad to be riding the bus to Algiers.
James was going on a hike in the mountains.
James was going on a short vacation to Algeria.
James was going to come out to Amanda, but didn't find the courage to do it.
James was going to do the same for Amanda.
James was going to prepare for a test with a friend.
James was groaning.
James was happy because of a visit to a museum.
James was happy to take care of Amanda.
James was holding Amanda at gunpoint, forcing her to sign some documents.
James was in a cage.
James was in a critical condition.
James was in sunny Algeria.
James was in the middle of something.
James was incredibly rude.
James was insecure to talk to Amanda.
James was involved in tax fraud.
James was kept in isolation.
James was kissing another girl.
James was lazy and acted spoilt.
James was leaving with a suitcase.
James was like a celebrity.
James was living the same day again.
James was living the same day all over again.
James was more and more dissolved in the conversation.
James was not at all arrogant.
James was obviously on a date.
James was on the way to the mansion.
James was only dating Amanda because of her money.
James was only interested in Amanda for her money.
James was only worried about his money issues.
James was patient with that disaster.
James was performing with his band.
James was placed in a cage.
James was playing Amanda's song on a saxophone.
James was practically foaming at the mouth.
James was put in a cell.
James was putting his textbooks in his locker.
James was ready to help Amanda when needed.
James was ready to leave.
James was really proud of himself.
James was red like a tomato.
James was reluctant to contact Amanda.
James was rich as hell.
James was sarcastic and rude.
James was saving up for a lawyer to help Amanda.
James was scared out of his mind.
James was selling off Amanda's piano.
James was selling off anything of value to make ends meet.
James was sick and tired of Amanda.
James was sick and tired of it all.
James was sitting in front of the TV as usual.
James was sitting on a bucket, casually eating his lunch.
James was skeptical about cisgenderism.
James was skeptical about transgenderism.
James was so disturbed.
James was so good.
James was so impressed with Amanda's.
James was so jealous of Amanda.
James was so obsessed with his career.
James was so rude to Amanda.
James was so strict with Amanda.
James was so sweet.
James was so unfair to Amanda.
James was standing between two police officers in handcuffs.
James was standing over water.
James was staring at Amanda smugly.
James was staring at the beach on the balcony.
James was still mad when he got home.
James was stuck in a cage.
James was stuttering with excitement.
James was supposed to be performing at Amanda's restaurant.
James was sure he was going to win.
James was surprised to see both of us together.
James was taking care of his sister.
James was taking the piano outside.
James was talking to another woman.
James was tested for ADHD.
James was the one behind the wheel.
James was the only star there.
James was transferred to a boarding school.
James was trying to blackmail Amanda.
James was trying to control Amanda.
James was trying to flirt with Amanda.
James was trying to prank Amanda but, of course, she didn't fall for it.
James was trying to ruin Amanda's mood.
James was turning my dad against me again.
James was twice the age of Amanda's boyfriend.
James was unusual for a proponent of the old ways.
James was upset that Amanda did not come to visit him at the hospital.
James was very confused.
James was very unhappy with Amanda's transformation.
James was walking out of a coffee shop.
James was waving his arms.
James was woken from a deep sleep.
James was worried that Amanda wouldn't see him.
James wasn't actually as nasty as everyone said.
James wasn't going to win.
James wasn't intending to go to school anyway.
James wasn't online.
James wasn't spoilt at all.
James wasn't used to sleeping alone.
James watched Amanda go.
James watched Amanda on the camera.
James went back to his old life.
James went back to his resort.
James went cycling out alone so late at night.
James went in the opposite direction.
James went into shock.
James went on a date with another girl.
James went straight to Amanda's house.
James went through a dark alley.
James went to a cafe and drank hot chocolate.
James went to school for the first time ever.
James went to the bedroom door to eavesdrop on Amanda.
James went to the nursing home.
James whipped around and saw Amanda on the porch.
James whipped the cream.
James whispered something in Amanda's ear.
James will always be here to catch Amanda.
James will be a billionaire when he dies.
James will be all alone.
James will be angry if he finds out about this.
James will be competing there.
James will be home in four minutes.
James will be treated by the best doctors in town.
James will decide who to spend his life with.
James will fall into the trap.
James will find a way to make this right.
James will get his revenge.
James will get wrinkles.
James will give Amanda half of that money.
James will go change.
James will have to audition.
James will have to extend his stay in Algeria for a few days.
James will introduce Amanda to everyone.
James will pay Amanda back when the restaurant starts making money.
James will probably have to spend the night here.
James will protect Amanda.
James will regret leaving Amanda for the rest of his days.
James will see you tomorrow.
James withdrew Amanda from school.
James woke up in a cage.
James woke up on the couch with the front door open.
James woke up to the maid's knocking.
James won't be there to see Amanda become a singer.
James won't come back until he has calmed down.
James won't regret his decision.
James worked in that cafe.
James works at a coffee shop.
James would always say that.
James would do it for love.
James would never drop Amanda.
James would never last a day in the real world.
James wouldn't let Amanda do anything.
James wouldn't let Amanda go.
James wouldn't listen to anything Amanda said.
James yelled at those maid.
James yelped in surprise.
James's apartment sounds like heaven.
James's band has been organizing charity events for a long time.
James's blood ran cold.
James's bodyguard snarled and pushed Amanda away.
James's bodyguard started at Amanda and she felt chills going down her spine.
James's burger tasted awful.
James's check paid for a new limo.
James's cheeks turned super red.
James's company didn't exist.
James's curiosity has gone through the roof.
James's dad is the only neurosurgeon in that hospital.
James's dad left last night.
James's dog barged in, barking noisily.
James's dog is smarter than Amanda.
James's dog licked Amanda's face.
James's dog showed his way inside.
James's driver finally arrived.
James's driver was super late.
James's expression was so strange.
James's eyes widened.
James's grades were falling rapidly.
James's head hit the ground and everything went black.
James's head was about to explode.
James's head was spinning.
James's heart broke all over again.
James's heart fell into his stomach.
James's heart was pounding.
James's home was tiny.
James's jealousy suddenly kicked in.
James's lawyer called.
James's life was very boring.
James's mansion has considerable value.
James's mansion is on the other side of the lake.
James's message was really cryptic.
James's mom abandoned him when he was young.
James's mom is in surgery right now.
James's mom left when he was very young.
James's mother asked me to call him.
James's new world view is based on a lie.
James's parents deserve this.
James's parents disapproved of his hobbies.
James's parents got divorced last year.
James's parents loved us very much.
James's parents think I'm a good kid and I want to keep it this way.
James's parents think Walid is a good kid.
James's parents walked into the house.
James's parents were away.
James's parents were discussing something.
James's plans pissed Amanda off.
James's predictions came true.
James's presence was rejected outright.
James's reaction surprised Amanda.
James's room was eerily quiet.
James's rudeness confused Amanda.
James's self-esteem was lower than ever.
James's stomach with rumbling with hunger.
James's story begins in Algeria.
James's story was inspiring.
James's surgery went well.
James's tricks won't work on me.
James's usual life changed.
James's vocals were so clear.
James's words sowed seeds of doubt in Amanda's heart.
James, while John had had "had", had had "had had"; "had had" had had a better effect on the teacher.
James, while John had had “had”, had had “had had”; “had had” had had a better effect on the teacher.
James? Are we talking about the same person?
James? What a lazy and hopeless moron!
Jamie Reed is a far-right anti-trans activist who has repeatedly been caught in lies.
Jamie Reed's allegations are not even remotely credible.
Jamie and his husband Shawn were eager to inform close friends about the nearly finalized adoption of their foster daughter, but they decided to keep the news under wraps until everything was official.
Jamie dropped his mobile, but a girl found it.
Jamila still owns a third-generation console.
Jamila still owns a third-generation video game console.
Jamin's German beauty is often compared to that of a fairytale princess.
Jamin's auburn locks cascade down their shoulders, adding an air of elegance to their appearance.
Jamin's beauty is a perfect blend of classic European features.
Jamin's graceful posture and confident demeanor enhance her natural beauty.
Jamin's perfectly symmetrical features give her an ethereal and timeless beauty.
Jamin's porcelain complexion has a delicate glow, reflecting her impeccable skincare routine.
Jamin's radiant smile lights up the room, adding to her irresistible charm.
Jamin's slender figure exudes grace and poise, enhancing her overall beauty.
Jan Koum is the founder of WhatsApp Inc.
Jan Pieterszoon Coen was born and raised Calvinist.
Jan Pieterszoon Coen wasn't Jewish.
Jan is small.
Jan is studying the same major at the same college as Mengyu, but he is a local student from a town 20 minutes from Goettingen.
Jan tried to fix their relationship, but could never explain why he hid their relationship from some of his friends.
Jana Novotna once lost a match from 5-0 40-0* up in the deciding set.
Jana asked me a question.
Jana is a computer programmer.
Jana is my first love.
Jane Andrews is to be the queen and I am to be one of her maids of honor.
Jane Austen was a British writer.
Jane Austen's work speaks often of money and property.
Jane Cobb, his present secretary, is the only person in the office who can stand him.
Jane Goodall discovered that chimpanzees are omnivorous, not vegetarian.
Jane Goodall discovered that chimpanzees could use tools.
Jane Goodall inspires future generations to protect wildlife.
Jane Goodall is a primatologist and an expert on chimpanzees.
Jane Goodall is a trailblazer for women in science.
Jane Goodall is known for her research on chimpanzees.
Jane Goodall's activism advances the cause of conservation.
Jane Goodall's compassion for animals is truly remarkable.
Jane Goodall's dedication to chimpanzee conservation is unwavering.
Jane Goodall's groundbreaking research redefined our understanding of primates.
Jane Goodall's legacy is a beacon of hope for our planet.
Jane Smith works very hard at her office.
Jane affirmed that she was telling the truth.
Jane always behaved as if she were rich.
Jane always behaved like she was very rich.
Jane always made out that she was very rich.
Jane always pretended that she was very rich.
Jane and I play the piano very well.
Jane and I play the piano well.
Jane and Mary are always competing for attention.
Jane appeared entirely satisfied.
Jane appears to be enjoying the party.
Jane asked Mary whether she'd like to stay at her place for the night.
Jane asked me if I would like to cook.
Jane became taller than her mother.
Jane begged to see my new house.
Jane brushed the tears from her eyes.
Jane called Mary to tell her that she would arrive late.
Jane calls a spade a spade.
Jane came home at 6 o'clock.
Jane came to our town three years ago.
Jane can play the violin, not to mention the guitar.
Jane can sing some Japanese songs.
Jane cannot have said such a thing.
Jane cannot move as fast as Mary does.
Jane comes from Australia.
Jane could not believe it when her date polished off an entire chocolate cake.
Jane could not stop herself from crying aloud.
Jane couldn't explain the beauty of snow.
Jane couldn’t explain the beauty of snow.
Jane didn't buy it after all.
Jane didn't die a natural death.
Jane didn't know that Mary was married.
Jane didn't play tennis, did she?
Jane didn’t buy it after all.
Jane didn’t die a natural death.
Jane didn’t play tennis, did she?
Jane discovered a treasure.
Jane doesn't know as much about Nara as she does about Kyoto.
Jane doesn’t know as much about Nara as she does about Kyoto.
Jane ended up not buying it.
Jane expects Mary will help her.
Jane experienced many things in a year. So did I.
Jane fell down the stairs and hit her head.
Jane felt unable to cope with driving in heavy traffic after her accident.
Jane filled out an application.
Jane frequently mentions the books she has been reading.
Jane gave me the same present as Wendy did.
Jane goes to bed early and gets up early.
Jane got too nervous when her turn came, and she blew her lines.
Jane grew taller than her mother.
Jane grew up to be a fine lady.
Jane had a very boring weekend.
Jane had a yellow ribbon in her hair.
Jane had hardly entered the room when the students gathered around her.
Jane had her hair cut short before the athletic meet.
Jane had no idea when she should go or where she should go.
Jane has a Japanese friend who speaks English well.
Jane has a lot of clothes to wash.
Jane has auburn hair.
Jane has been acting in films since she was eleven.
Jane has been acting in movies since she was eleven.
Jane has been doing her assignment.
Jane has been quiet and grouchy for the past few days.
Jane has been quiet and grumpy for the past few days.
Jane has been quiet and moody for the past few days.
Jane has dietary restrictions.
Jane has five handbags.
Jane has gone to France for good.
Jane has it in for Bob because he didn't help her.
Jane has it in for Bob because he didn’t help her.
Jane has made great progress in Japanese.
Jane has read "Snow Country" before.
Jane insisted that she was right.
Jane is a most charming girl.
Jane is a remarkably beautiful young woman.
Jane is a very beautiful girl.
Jane is absent from school today.
Jane is as beautiful a girl as her sister.
Jane is as clever as any girl in her class.
Jane is as old as I am.
Jane is doing her homework.
Jane is familiar with the Japanese language.
Jane is fat and rude, and smokes too much. However, Ken thinks she's lovely and charming. That's why they say love is blind.
Jane is fat and rude, and smokes too much. However, Ken thinks she’s lovely and charming. That’s why they say love is blind.
Jane is fun to be with.
Jane is in her husband's good books.
Jane is in serious trouble.
Jane is interested in flower arrangement.
Jane is likely to come.
Jane is loved by Peter.
Jane is mature beyond her years.
Jane is more attractive than Susan.
Jane is more than likely to come.
Jane is no less beautiful than her mother.
Jane is not able to swim.
Jane is not as tall as Mary.
Jane is not capable of learning from experience.
Jane is not so tall as Mary.
Jane is not such a bad person.
Jane is not such a bad sort.
Jane is out shopping.
Jane is sick in bed.
Jane is talking with somebody.
Jane is the president's secretary.
Jane is the president’s secretary.
Jane is to be married next month.
Jane is to teach our students from next week.
Jane is very content with her job and has no desire to quit it.
Jane is very likely to come.
Jane is very pretty and kind.
Jane keeps early hours.
Jane kept silent for a long time.
Jane kicked at our decision.
Jane knew a lot about sumo, as if she had seen it before.
Jane knows japanese.
Jane laughed away the sorrow.
Jane lent me this book of hers last week.
Jane liked to make believe she was a teacher.
Jane likes dogs better than cats.
Jane looked utterly content.
Jane looks happy.
Jane looks very happy.
Jane looks very pale.
Jane made an angry gesture.
Jane makes the utmost effort to win.
Jane married young.
Jane may be playing tennis with my brother.
Jane may not be at home now.
Jane mentioned the incident to Mary.
Jane must stop giving way to her desire for chocolate.
Jane never backs down.
Jane no longer needed an explanation of Mt. Fuji.
Jane objected to our decision.
Jane offered to take care of our children when we were out.
Jane opposed our decision.
Jane plays tennis too.
Jane prefers dogs to cats.
Jane promised her children a knuckle sandwich for bad grades.
Jane radioed the dispatcher for backup.
Jane ran after the deer as fast as possible.
Jane rubbed it in rather unmercifully.
Jane said in a forceful manner that she was right.
Jane said that it was time to go home.
Jane saw the students acting well on the stage.
Jane says she punishes her pupils when they make funny speeches, which is probably why she finds teaching monotonous.
Jane says she will devote her whole life to teaching, and never, never marry, because you are paid a salary for teaching, but a husband won't pay you anything.
Jane seems to have a new boyfriend.
Jane sent Mary home.
Jane signed up for the French course.
Jane skipped the questions she couldn't answer.
Jane skipped the questions she couldn’t answer.
Jane sometimes runs to school.
Jane spent a very flat weekend.
Jane spent some time with Marie.
Jane stopped collecting teddies at the age of 20.
Jane studied herself in the mirror.
Jane swims better than Yumi.
Jane swims like a brick.
Jane threw a glance at us.
Jane told Mary the whole story.
Jane told me she doesn't like flirtatious guys.
Jane told us that cooking was not difficult.
Jane took her dog for a walk.
Jane tried a lot of things for an year. I did too.
Jane understands Japanese.
Jane understands how you think.
Jane understands your way of thinking.
Jane used to be one of my best friends at school but we've drifted apart over the past few years.
Jane used to be one of my best friends at school but we’ve drifted apart over the past few years.
Jane wanted an ice cream cone.
Jane wanted to make me believe she was a teacher.
Jane was a stewardess when she was young.
Jane was about to leave the house.
Jane was angry.
Jane was billed to appear as Ophelia.
Jane was boiling.
Jane was distressed.
Jane was dressed as a man.
Jane was fuming.
Jane was irksome.
Jane was not happy.
Jane was offended.
Jane was on top of the world when she got a record contract.
Jane was quite at a loss when and where to go.
Jane was unfairly dismissed from her post.
Jane was upset.
Jane was waiting with her back against the tree.
Jane was young when she got married.
Jane went out of her way to be nice to the new girl.
Jane went to Boston with Mary.
Jane went to the bank to take out some money.
Jane will be excited to see the flowers.
Jane will copy my sentences.
Jane will get straight A's.
Jane will get straight A’s.
Jane will never forget this past year. Neither will we.
Jane will probably come.
Jane wishes she could see sumo in England.
Jane won't come to meet me any more.
Jane won’t come to meet me any more.
Jane wore the same ribbon as her mother did.
Jane works with Mary.
Jane wrote the letter herself.
Jane's dream was to find herself a sugar daddy.
Jane's farewell speech made us very sad.
Jane's parents were pleased about her appointment as a teacher at the school.
Jane, your perspicacious child just figured out my Internet password.
Janet Jackson had a wardrobe malfunction.
Janet always lets me use her typewriter.
Janet and Bill are going to get hitched in June.
Janet bought a skirt and a blouse.
Janet sure knows how to stretch a dollar.
Janet was seeking for fame in the world of show business.
Janet's dress is similar in appearance to her sister's.
Janet, tend to the baby, please.
Janet’s dress is similar in appearance to her sister’s.
Jane’s dream was to find herself a sugar daddy.
Jane’s farewell speech made us very sad.
Jane’s parents were pleased about her appointment as a teacher at the school.
Jani lives above me and Mari lives below me.
Janine copied down the sentence.
Janine copied the sentence.
Janis and Alma say that they had to speak Upper Sorbian.
Janne didn't bother even to paint, though he usually liked it a lot.
Janne is a male name.
Janos accepted Martha's decision.
Janos accidentally dropped the baby.
Janos acted like a carefree teenager.
Janos advised Martha to think about books rather than boys.
Janos agreed to look at the document.
Janos agreed to sign the document.
Janos alerted the police.
Janos allowed the kids to come into the junkyard and look for scraps.
Janos almost got hit by a taxi.
Janos also came to the party.
Janos always had a gun on him.
Janos and Martha are like a couple living together.
Janos and Martha began sharing a bed and making love every night.
Janos and Martha can go to the meeting together.
Janos and Martha had a chat before he left.
Janos and Martha had a falling out.
Janos and Martha had a frank talk.
Janos and Martha had a ton of fun together.
Janos and Martha have a promising future together.
Janos and Martha hugged for a long time.
Janos and Martha looked like a father and daughter.
Janos and Martha met at the peer.
Janos and Martha need to have a conversation.
Janos and Martha never had a warm relation.
Janos and Martha played games until late in the evening.
Janos and Martha promised that they wouldn't get in each other's ways.
Janos and Martha shouldn't divorce because Walid needs a father.
Janos and Martha took some pictures together.
Janos and Martha were riding in their car, smiling and laughing.
Janos and Martha will be living separately from his parents.
Janos and Martha's relationship was discovered and they got fired.
Janos and Olivia are married now.
Janos and Olivia cast their lines.
Janos and Olivia discussed packing up and leaving the campsite early.
Janos and Olivia exchanged odd looks.
Janos and Olivia glanced at each other with unease.
Janos and Olivia have five beautiful girls.
Janos and Olivia have five kids.
Janos and Olivia sat there and talked for the rest of the morning.
Janos and Olivia spent the weekend together in Algiers.
Janos and Olivia struck up a conversation.
Janos and Olivia were clutching each other.
Janos and Olivia were inside their tent, clutching each other silently.
Janos and his German Shepherd went missing in the area.
Janos and his father haven't been able to connect much.
Janos and his friends broke camp and drove back to the city.
Janos and his friends can be bad news.
Janos and his friends revelled in the joy of being together.
Janos and the rest of us are all having a good time.
Janos approached Martha, still mostly naked.
Janos approached the girl and comforted her.
Janos arranged for a new room for us.
Janos arrived at class tired.
Janos arrived at the hiking trail.
Janos arrived at the restaurant.
Janos asked Martha if she had a phone.
Janos asked Martha if she was from Algeria.
Janos asked Martha to have a taste of the cake.
Janos asked Martha to move out of the apartment.
Janos asked Martha to read that note later.
Janos asked Martha to send a cab to pick him up.
Janos asked Martha to turn the music off.
Janos asked Martha who the girl in the back was.
Janos asked Martha why she didn't answer his calls.
Janos asked Martha why she pretended to not know Berber.
Janos asked Olivia if she needed help.
Janos asked Olivia to leave him alone.
Janos asked Olivia to let him in.
Janos asked Olivia why she didn't call the police.
Janos asked about his mom.
Janos asked where his mother was.
Janos assaulted a police officer.
Janos ate Chinese for dinner.
Janos ate and packed up.
Janos ate his dinner.
Janos ate some spaghetti on the porch.
Janos attacked first and asked questions later.
Janos backed out of that deal.
Janos beats Martha and forces her to sleep with men.
Janos became Martha's legal guardian.
Janos began his long trip home.
Janos began to bang on the door again.
Janos began to hear the sound of footsteps near the shelter.
Janos began to yawn.
Janos begged his wife for another chance.
Janos blamed his mother for that.
Janos bought an oven for Martha so she could start baking again.
Janos broke camp and started his hike back to the city.
Janos brought Martha to his apartment.
Janos brought Martha to the restaurant.
Janos brought a sleeping bag.
Janos brought a tent for the girls to sleep in.
Janos brought up the topic of the ring and why he never proposed to Martha.
Janos called for an ambulance.
Janos called for help.
Janos called his father and asked him to pick him up.
Janos called out Olivia's name and he heard a giggle.
Janos called out for the kids to come back.
Janos called the German Shepherds on Olivia.
Janos called the medicine man to come and pray over Olivia.
Janos came across a man in the woods.
Janos came across an old abandoned cabin.
Janos came and touched Olivia's tent.
Janos came back five other times that day.
Janos came back to the campsite.
Janos came down for a visit.
Janos came down the trail.
Janos came in the first week of April.
Janos came into the bar.
Janos came out of church.
Janos came out of his cabin.
Janos came to a service road.
Janos came to support his friend.
Janos came up with the money before the end of the week.
Janos came with Olivia's boyfriend.
Janos camped in a family-friendly spot.
Janos can build a campfire.
Janos can change his life.
Janos can communicate with that girl.
Janos can fill the spot.
Janos can get in a lot of trouble for trespassing.
Janos can handle his son's birthday party alone.
Janos can hear the woodpecker.
Janos can sign over the truck to Martha.
Janos can use those clothes for work.
Janos can't come to the restaurant anymore.
Janos can't go back to his father.
Janos caught salamanders.
Janos changed the subject.
Janos changed the topic to work.
Janos checked his email.
Janos checked on Martha from time to time.
Janos climbed into the cab.
Janos collected a small pan of ashes.
Janos comes to therapy every week.
Janos comforted Martha about the whole thing.
Janos complained about the meat not being properly cooked.
Janos confessed his feelings for Martha.
Janos congratulated Martha for handling that party alone.
Janos considered Martha a criminal.
Janos constantly felt watched whenever he went outside, even in broad daylight.
Janos constantly wanted to be around Olivia.
Janos continued enjoying the rest of his day.
Janos continued to hike.
Janos continued working in the kitchen.
Janos cooked an Algerian dish for Martha.
Janos cooked at Martha's apartment.
Janos cooked authentic Algerian couscous.
Janos cooked some dinner.
Janos could barely hold back his tears.
Janos could lose his license.
Janos could see ten eyes looking at him.
Janos couldn't believe his mom.
Janos couldn't fall asleep for a long time.
Janos couldn't find the strength to kick Martha out.
Janos couldn't hold back his tears.
