Mary wished she were better at swimming.
Mary wished she were dead.
Mary wished she were still single.
Mary wished she were taller.
Mary wished she'd been invited to the party.
Mary wished she'd been more careful.
Mary wished she'd known about the party.
Mary wished she'd never asked Tom to do that.
Mary wished she'd never met Tom.
Mary wished she'd studied harder.
Mary wished she'd told Tom the truth.
Mary wished that Tom hadn't overheard John and her talking about him.
Mary wished that Tom would tell her what to do.
Mary wished that she could go back in time before she married Tom.
Mary wished that she could play tennis as well as Tom.
Mary wished that she could play the guitar.
Mary wished that she could spend more time with Tom.
Mary wished that she had a boyfriend.
Mary wished that she had been the one who had done that.
Mary wished that she had enough money to retire.
Mary wished that she knew Tom's telephone number.
Mary wished the ground would open up and swallow her.
Mary wished their kiss would last forever.
Mary wished there was something else she could do to help.
Mary wished to conceive a second child.
Mary wishes she could fly.
Mary wishes she could speak French as well as Tom does.
Mary wishes she could speak French as well as Tom.
Mary wishes she could speak French as well as a native speaker.
Mary wishes she could speak French as well as she speaks English.
Mary wishes she could speak French like a native speaker.
Mary wishes she could speak French.
Mary wishes she didn't have to do that.
Mary wishes she had a bigger car.
Mary wishes she had a larger office.
Mary wishes she had straight hair.
Mary wishes she hadn't done that.
Mary wishes she hadn't won.
Mary wishes she never had to do that again.
Mary wishes she was a better swimmer.
Mary wishes she were a millionaire.
Mary wishes she'd done that, too.
Mary wishes she'd done that.
Mary wishes she'd waited for Tom.
Mary wishes she'd won.
Mary wishes that she could be a better French speaker.
Mary withdrew $300 from her account.
Mary withdrew her application for the job.
Mary woke Tom.
Mary woke up Tom with a kiss.
Mary woke up a little earlier than she usually does.
Mary woke up feeling sick in the stomach.
Mary woke up knowing the perfect translation for the sentence she had been pondering the previous evening.
Mary woke up to tell Tom, "There's a trunk call for you from Paris."
Mary woke up very early in the morning to prepare a pie for Tom.
Mary woke up when she heard someone knocking on the door.
Mary woke up with a pain in her side.
Mary woke up.
Mary won Tom over.
Mary won a Nobel prize.
Mary won a free car.
Mary won a prize in the spelling competition.
Mary won a scholarship.
Mary won the "Annoyance to the Empire" medal for the third year in a row.
Mary won the 2nd prize in the equestrian competition.
Mary won the Miss Tatoeba contest.
Mary won the award for "Best Female Performance".
Mary won the beauty contest.
Mary won the costume contest.
Mary won the gold medal.
Mary won the lottery, but then she lost her ticket.
Mary won't admit it, but she's in big trouble.
Mary won't admit that she was wrong.
Mary won't admit that she's done anything wrong.
Mary won't admit that she's wrong.
Mary won't allow Tom to hug her anymore.
Mary won't allow dogs in her house.
Mary won't be able to buy everything she needs for $300.
Mary won't be able to buy what she needs at this store.
Mary won't be able to do anything by herself.
Mary won't be able to do anything you've asked her to do.
Mary won't be able to do everything Tom asked her to do.
Mary won't be able to do everything you've asked her to do.
Mary won't be able to do it by herself, so we need to ask someone to help her.
Mary won't be able to do that alone. You'll have to help her.
Mary won't be able to do that alone. You'll need to help her.
Mary won't be able to do that by herself, so we have to ask Tom to help her.
Mary won't be able to do that by herself, so we have to ask someone to help her.
Mary won't be able to do that by herself, so we need to ask Tom to help her.
Mary won't be able to do that by herself, so we need to ask someone to help her.
Mary won't be able to do that by herself.
Mary won't be able to do that on her own.
Mary won't be able to do that unless Tom helps her.
Mary won't be able to do that unless you help her.
Mary won't be able to do that while she's sick.
Mary won't be able to do what we want her to do.
Mary won't be able to do what you want her to do.
Mary won't be able to do what you've asked her to do.
Mary won't be able to finish the job unless we help her.
Mary won't be able to fix the car by herself.
Mary won't be able to lift that box by herself.
Mary won't be able to move the desk by herself.
Mary won't be able to move the piano by herself.
Mary won't be able to solve the problem by herself.
Mary won't be alive much longer.
Mary won't be as busy tomorrow as she was today.
Mary won't be coming today, since there's been a death in her family.
Mary won't be happy if she sees me here.
Mary won't be here long, I promise. She just needs somewhere to stay for a couple of days.
Mary won't be here today because she's sick.
Mary won't be late, will she?
Mary won't be ready.
Mary won't be right.
Mary won't be skiing with us, will she?
Mary won't be there, will she?
Mary won't be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary won't change her mind.
Mary won't change her opinion.
Mary won't come out of her room.
Mary won't come, will she?
Mary won't come. She's too busy.
Mary won't come. She's very busy.
Mary won't cover up.
Mary won't do anything by herself.
Mary won't do that again, will she?
Mary won't do that by herself, will she?
Mary won't do that by herself.
Mary won't do that here, will she?
Mary won't do that herself.
Mary won't do that now, will she?
Mary won't do that right away, but she'll do it eventually.
Mary won't do that today, will she?
Mary won't do that unless you ask her to.
Mary won't do that, will she?
Mary won't do what she says she'll do.
Mary won't eat anything I cook for her.
Mary won't eat anything I give her.
Mary won't eat by herself, will she?
Mary won't ever admit that she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary won't find anybody who'll do that for her.
Mary won't find anybody who'll help her do that.
Mary won't find anyone who'll do that for her.
Mary won't find anyone who'll help her do that.
Mary won't get there on time if she doesn't hurry.
Mary won't give up.
Mary won't go away if you don't want her to.
Mary won't go camping by herself.
Mary won't go even if she's invited.
Mary won't go to sleep unless you read her a story.
Mary won't go unless Tom goes with her.
Mary won't go, will she?
Mary won't have to do anything she doesn't want to.
Mary won't have to do that by herself.
Mary won't have to do that herself.
Mary won't have vertigo.
Mary won't help, will she?
Mary won't hurt herself again.
Mary won't interfere.
Mary won't know how to use it if you don't show her.
Mary won't know we're here unless we tell her.
Mary won't know what hit her.
Mary won't know whether she can do that or not unless she tries.
Mary won't leave her dog with you.
Mary won't leave if you don't want her to.
Mary won't leave unless you ask her to.
Mary won't leave until she's talked to Tom.
Mary won't let Tom have his way.
Mary won't let Tom hug her anymore.
Mary won't let Tom kiss her anymore.
Mary won't let Tom kiss her.
Mary won't let Tom sit next to her.
Mary won't let anyone into her house.
Mary won't let me help her.
Mary won't let me hug her anymore.
Mary won't let us go there without her.
Mary won't let us help her.
Mary won't let us sing with her band.
Mary won't let you guys help her.
Mary won't let you in her house.
Mary won't like me.
Mary won't like this game.
Mary won't likely admit that she doesn't really know how to do that.
Mary won't likely be able to do that by herself.
Mary won't likely be as angry at Tom as she was at John.
Mary won't likely be as busy today as she was yesterday.
Mary won't likely be as careful as she should be.
Mary won't likely be as mad at Tom as she was at John.
Mary won't likely be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary won't likely change her opinion.
Mary won't likely do that by herself.
Mary won't likely enjoy doing that by herself.
Mary won't likely forget to tell Tom she intends to do that.
Mary won't likely forget to tell Tom she needs him to help John.
Mary won't likely forget to tell Tom she won't be at his party.
Mary won't likely forget to tell Tom she won't do that.
Mary won't likely forget to tell Tom she'll do that for him.
Mary won't likely get cold since she's dressed very warmly.
Mary won't likely go canoeing by herself.
Mary won't likely have to do that by herself.
Mary won't likely need to do that by herself.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she doesn't intend to do that.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she doesn't like her job.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she doesn't like him.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she doesn't want to do that.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she intends to do that.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she wants to do that.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she wants to quit her job.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she won't do that.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she won't go to Boston with him.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she'll do that.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she's hungry.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she's sleepy.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she's sorry.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she's tired.
Mary won't likely tell Tom that she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary won't likely tell Tom that she wants him to do that.
Mary won't likely tell Tom what she has to do.
Mary won't likely tell Tom what she needs to buy.
Mary won't likely tell Tom what she wants him to do.
Mary won't likely tell Tom what she wants to eat.
Mary won't likely tell Tom why she enjoyed doing that.
Mary won't likely tell Tom why she had to do that.
Mary won't likely try to do that by herself.
Mary won't likely try to do that on her own.
Mary won't likely want to do that by herself.
Mary won't listen to her friend's advice.
Mary won't listen to her mother.
Mary won't really do that, will she?
Mary won't risk hurting herself.
Mary won't sing unless you ask her to.
Mary won't stay here as long you think she will.
Mary won't talk to Tom and he won't talk to her.
Mary won't tell anybody, will she?
Mary won't tell anyone where she was last weekend.
Mary won't tell anyone, will she?
Mary won't tell me what she wants to do.
Mary won't tell me when she was born.
Mary won't tell me where she put my car keys.
Mary won't tell me who gave her those binoculars.
Mary won't tell me who she's dating.
Mary won't tell us anything about herself.
Mary won't tell us what she knows.
Mary won't tell us where she lives.
Mary won't want to do it.
Mary won.
Mary wondered for a fleeting moment if Tom would put his arm around her.
Mary wondered how long she'd have to wait for Tom.
Mary wondered how many minutes it would take her to run to the bus stop.
Mary wondered how many times she'd have to tell Tom to clean his room before he finally did it.
Mary wondered how much she was going to have to pay.
Mary wondered how much time she'd have to do that.
Mary wondered how much time she'd have to eat lunch.
Mary wondered if Tom could be persuaded teach her children French.
Mary wondered if Tom liked her as much as she liked him.
Mary wondered if Tom loved her as much as she loved him.
Mary wondered if Tom really loved her.
Mary wondered if Tom was as nervous as she was.
Mary wondered if Tom was attracted to her.
Mary wondered if Tom was going to kiss her.
Mary wondered if Tom would ever work up the courage to kiss her.
Mary wondered if Tom would kiss her.
Mary wondered if Tom would like the gift she bought him.
Mary wondered if Tom would tell her what she wanted to know.
Mary wondered if she could find a place to live in Boston.
Mary wondered if she had enough money to pay the bill.
Mary wondered if she had to do that.
Mary wondered if she should do that.
Mary wondered if she should tell Tom the truth.
Mary wondered if she was throwing away the best years of her life.
Mary wondered if she'd be safe here.
Mary wondered if she'd been lied to.
Mary wondered if she'd ever see Tom again.
Mary wondered what Tom could do that she couldn't do.
Mary wondered what Tom was going to ask her to do.
Mary wondered what her life would have been like if she had married Tom.
Mary wondered what her life would've been like if she'd married Tom.
Mary wondered what she could do.
Mary wondered what she should do next.
Mary wondered what she should do.
Mary wondered what she should say.
Mary wondered what she was supposed say.
Mary wondered what she was supposed to do.
Mary wondered what she'd find in the box.
Mary wondered what to do with the wallet she found.
Mary wondered what was in the box that Tom had given her.
Mary wondered where Tom wanted her to park the car.
Mary wondered where she was supposed to sit.
Mary wondered where she'd seen Tom before.
Mary wondered where to hang her coat.
Mary wondered whether Tom would like the gift she bought him.
Mary wondered whether she should let Tom go to Boston with John.
Mary wondered whether she should let Tom go to Boston with her.
Mary wondered whether she should really give Tom what she'd bought him.
Mary wondered which one she should buy.
Mary wondered which textbook was hers.
Mary wondered why Tom didn't like her.
Mary wondered why Tom didn't want to eat what she'd made for him.
Mary wondered why Tom didn't want to help her.
Mary wondered why Tom didn't want to talk to her.
Mary wondered why Tom had left her.
Mary wondered why Tom wouldn't help her.
Mary wondered why everyone was staring at her.
Mary wondered why nobody had told her about that.
Mary wondered why none of her friends wanted to do that.
Mary wondered why she'd been invited.
Mary wondered why she'd never seen Tom here before.
Mary won’t listen to her friend’s advice.
Mary wore a backless dress.
Mary wore a beautiful dress.
Mary wore a beautiful evening gown to the party.
Mary wore a black cocktail dress.
Mary wore a blue dress to Tom and Alice's wedding.
Mary wore a blue dress to the party.
Mary wore a blue dress.
Mary wore a boyfriend T-shirt.
Mary wore a bright pink scarf.
Mary wore a brightly colored dress.
Mary wore a brightly colored outfit.
Mary wore a brightly colored ski outfit.
Mary wore a cowl neck sweater to the party.
Mary wore a crown of flowers.
Mary wore a dark brown dress.
Mary wore a floral print dress.
Mary wore a floral-patterned dress.
Mary wore a flowered dress.
Mary wore a flowery skirt.
Mary wore a gold bracelet.
Mary wore a heart-shaped locket.
Mary wore a jumpsuit.
Mary wore a large hat.
Mary wore a long baggy T-shirt down to her knees.
Mary wore a long dress.
Mary wore a loose, long-sleeved t-shirt and stone-washed designer jeans.
Mary wore a lot of jewelry.
Mary wore a necklace.
Mary wore a pale blue dress.
Mary wore a pink blouse.
Mary wore a pink satin sash.
Mary wore a pirate costume.
Mary wore a plain blue dress.
Mary wore a plain white dress.
Mary wore a red dress to the party.
Mary wore a red dress yesterday.
Mary wore a red dress.
Mary wore a red ribbon in her hair.
Mary wore a red scarf around her neck.
Mary wore a rhinestone necklace and earrings.
Mary wore a rhinestone necklace.
Mary wore a short skirt.
Mary wore a silk blouse.
Mary wore a silver locket in the shape of a heart.
Mary wore a silver pin on her coat.
Mary wore a simple dress.
Mary wore a simple skirt and a white blouse.
Mary wore a simple skirt and blouse.
Mary wore a simple white dress.
Mary wore a simple, yet elegant dress.
Mary wore a sleeveless gown.
Mary wore a strapless dress to the party.
Mary wore a strapless dress.
Mary wore a straw hat.
Mary wore a sun hat.
Mary wore a tight-fitting sweater.
Mary wore a white dress.
Mary wore a white miniskirt.
Mary wore a white tennis outfit and white tennis shoes.
Mary wore a wide-brimmed hat.
Mary wore a witch costume to the party.
Mary wore a witch costume.
Mary wore an ankle bracelet.
Mary wore an anklet.
Mary wore an embarrassing costume.
Mary wore an evening gown.
Mary wore an extravagant dress.
Mary wore an eyecatching dress.
Mary wore an open back dress.
Mary wore an orange dress.
Mary wore an oversized T-shirt.
Mary wore boyfriend jeans.
Mary wore bunny slippers.
Mary wore clothes made by her mother.
Mary wore colorful clothes.
Mary wore diamond earrings.
Mary wore expensive jewelry.
Mary wore false eyelashes.
Mary wore her Halloween costume to school.
Mary wore her bikini under her shorts and T-shirt.
Mary wore her favorite necklace.
Mary wore herself out.
Mary wore high-heeled shoes.
Mary wore high-waisted jeans.
Mary wore knee cut jeans.
Mary wore knee-high boots.
Mary wore knee-high socks.
Mary wore large earrings.
Mary wore large gold earrings.
Mary wore large gold hoop earrings.
Mary wore large hoop earrings.
Mary wore long sleeves and a wide-brimmed hat.
Mary wore low-rise jeans.
Mary wore low-waisted jeans.
Mary wore men's clothing.
Mary wore moccasins.
Mary wore one of Tom's T-shirts.
Mary wore platform shoes.
Mary wore ripped jeans.
Mary wore skinny jeans.
Mary wore stiletto heels.
Mary wore the same dress she had worn the previous day.
Mary worked all her life.
Mary worked as a babysitter when she was a teenager.
Mary worked hard writing her speech.
Mary worked her land.
Mary worked her way through college.
Mary worked in a supermarket while she was in college.
Mary worked most of her life.
Mary worked part-time to put herself through school.
Mary worked so hard that she got sick.
Mary worked through her studies as a taxi driver.
Mary worked tirelessly to ensure the safety of the children.
Mary worked to provide support for children in need.
Mary worked until she dropped.
Mary works as a cashier.
Mary works as a cleaning lady in a restaurant.
Mary works as a nurse.
Mary works as a receptionist.
Mary works as a sales assistant in a baker's shop.
Mary works as a secretary.
Mary works as a waitress at a local cafe.
Mary works as a waitress at a restaurant on Park Street.
Mary works as an au pair.
Mary works at a flower shop.
Mary works at a health food store.
Mary works at a huge ostrich farm.
Mary works at a local bookstore.
Mary works at a local hospital.
Mary works at a nail salon.
Mary works at a prestigious consultancy firm.
Mary works at a travel agency.
Mary works at an art gallery.
Mary works at the supermarket.
Mary works for a Canadian company.
Mary works for an NGO in Africa.
Mary works for her uncle now.
Mary works for unity.
Mary works harder now than she did last year.
Mary works harder than she used to.
Mary works here, doesn't she?
Mary works in a bakery.
Mary works in a bookshop.
Mary works in a flower shop.
Mary works in a massage parlor.
Mary works in a supermarket.
Mary works in human resources.
Mary works in the HR department of a large company.
Mary works in the human resources department of a large company.
Mary works in the personnel department of a large company.
Mary works in the town's public library.
Mary works in tourism.
Mary works long hours and comes home exhausted.
Mary works on her own.
Mary works out of her home.
Mary works part-time as a nurse.
Mary works the lunch shift.
Mary works with her hands.
Mary worries about her weight.
Mary worries me.
Mary worries too much about what people think about her.
Mary would always niggle Tom over his lack of punctuation in text messages.
Mary would be a better teacher if she were more patient.
Mary would be a very good merchant.
Mary would be able to do that if she put her mind to it.
Mary would be able to do that if she really wanted to.
Mary would be arrested if she did that.
Mary would be cute if she did that.
Mary would be disappointed if she saw you do that.
Mary would be disappointed if she saw you doing that.
Mary would be done doing that by now if she'd started earlier.
Mary would be exhausted if she did that.
Mary would be fined if she did that.
Mary would be finished doing that by now if she'd started earlier.
Mary would be fired if she did that.
Mary would be fired if she didn't do that.
Mary would be forgiven if she did that.
Mary would be furious if she knew what you did.
Mary would be furious if she knew.
Mary would be healthier if she didn't eat so much junk food.
Mary would be here doing that now if she didn't have to be in Boston.
Mary would be in Boston now if she could be.
Mary would be punished if she did that.
Mary would be surprised if she saw Tom doing that.
Mary would be through doing that by now if she'd started earlier.
Mary would be very disappointed if she saw you do that.
Mary would be very disappointed if she saw you doing that.
Mary would be very grateful if Tom was more supportive of her.
Mary would cry if she saw you doing that.
Mary would do anything Tom asked her to do.
Mary would do anything for her son.
Mary would do anything to get what she thinks she needs.
Mary would do anything to get what she wants.
Mary would do anything you ask her to do.
Mary would do that again if Tom asked her to.
Mary would do that again if she had to.
Mary would do that for Tom if he wanted her to.
Mary would do that herself if she knew how.
Mary would do that if Tom asked her to.
Mary would do that if she could.
Mary would do that if she had a lot of money.
Mary would do that if she had more time.
Mary would do that if she had time.
Mary would do that if she knew how.
Mary would do that if you asked her to.
Mary would do that whenever she could.
Mary would do whatever you ask her to do.
Mary would fall from her chair if she were to find out how her so-called friends talk about her behind her back.
Mary would feint innocence, pretending she had turned in her assignments when in actuality she hadn't completed them.
Mary would get in trouble if she did that.
Mary would go to Boston with us if she had the time.
Mary would have died from hunger if Tom hadn't had expert knowledge of bush tucker.
Mary would help us if she could.
Mary would help us, wouldn't she?
Mary would help you if you asked her to.
Mary would just like to know what she did wrong.
Mary would kill me if I told her.
Mary would kill me if she knew I told you.
Mary would know, wouldn't she?
Mary would leave early if she were allowed to.
Mary would lend you money if she had any.
Mary would lend you money if you asked her to.
Mary would like Tom to be on her team.
Mary would like her house cleaned three times a week.
Mary would like me to marry her, but I don't want to marry her.
Mary would like to do that, but she can't.
Mary would like to do that, but unfortunately she doesn't have enough time.
Mary would like to do that, but unfortunately she doesn't have the time.
Mary would like to go on the picnic, too. We should invite her.
Mary would like to go there.
Mary would like to have a boyfriend.
Mary would like to know what she did wrong.
Mary would like to receive a poetry collection as a gift.
Mary would like to see you in her office.
Mary would like to stay young forever.
Mary would like us to marry but I wouldn't.
Mary would like you to show her how to do that.
Mary would love to go into fashion.
Mary would love to work in fashion.
Mary would make Tom very happy if she did that.
Mary would make a very good spy.
Mary would never do it.
Mary would never do something like that.
Mary would never do such a thing.
Mary would never do that by herself.
Mary would never do that when she was younger.
Mary would never do what you claim she did.
Mary would never dye her hair.
Mary would never forgive herself if anything happened to Tom.
Mary would never go swimming by herself.
Mary would never go there by herself.
Mary would never have done such a thing.
Mary would never hurt her children.
Mary would never kill herself.
Mary would never leave her husband.
Mary would never lie to me.
Mary would never say what you think she said.
Mary would never sell her car to you.
Mary would never try to do that by herself.
Mary would often do that when she was younger.
Mary would often sit alone on the porch.
Mary would phone Tom, but he wouldn't talk to her.
Mary would probably do that for you if you asked her to.
Mary would probably go hiking with us if we invited her.
Mary would probably go to Boston with you if you asked her to.
Mary would probably still be in Boston if she didn't have to be in Chicago.
Mary would ring Tom, but he wouldn't talk to her.
Mary would sing another song if you asked her to.
Mary would stay if she could.
Mary would stay in Boston longer if her parents would let her.
Mary would still be alive if she'd been more careful.
Mary would stop doing that if Tom asked her to.
Mary would stop doing that if you asked her to.
Mary would tell me if she wasn't happy, right?
Mary would tell me if there were a problem, wouldn't she?
Mary would tell us the truth, wouldn't she?
Mary would've apologized to Tom if she'd thought it was important.
Mary would've been forgiven for doing that if she'd apologized.
Mary would've been here if she knew she needed to be.
Mary would've been late if Tom hadn't given her a ride.
Mary would've been thirty years old today if she hadn't passed away last year.
Mary would've called Tom if she'd had his phone number.
Mary would've come to Boston with me if she hadn't been busy.
Mary would've come to Boston with us if she could've.
Mary would've died if Tom hadn't rescued her.
Mary would've done it correctly the first time if you'd helped her.
Mary would've done that already if she could've.
Mary would've done that already if she knew how.
Mary would've done that by herself if Tom hadn't been there.
Mary would've done that by herself if Tom hadn't helped her.
Mary would've done that by herself if Tom hadn't volunteered to help her.
Mary would've done that by herself if she could've.
Mary would've done that by now if she was really planning to do it.
Mary would've done that correctly the first time if Tom had helped her.
Mary would've done that correctly the first time if you'd helped her.
Mary would've done that correctly the first time if you'd shown her how.
Mary would've done that for Tom if she'd had more time.
Mary would've done that herself if she'd had known how to.
Mary would've done that herself if she'd had more the time.
Mary would've done that herself if she'd known how.
Mary would've done that if Tom hadn't stopped her.
Mary would've done that if she could've.
Mary would've done that if she'd had the chance to.
Mary would've done that if she'd really wanted to.
Mary would've done that right the first time if Tom had helped her.
Mary would've eaten more if she hadn't been sick.
Mary would've gone if she could've.
Mary would've gone to Boston if she could've.
Mary would've gone with us if we'd invited her.
Mary would've gone with you if she could've.
Mary would've helped us if we'd asked her.
Mary would've helped you if you'd asked her.
Mary would've kept her mouth shut.
Mary would've left early if she'd known she could've.
Mary would've let you drive if you'd told her you wanted to.
Mary would've liked to attend Tom's party. Unfortunately, she had other things she had to do.
Mary would've loved to be able to play with children her age.
Mary would've never done that if Tom had asked her not to.
Mary would've never done that if Tom hadn't asked her to.
Mary would've stayed if she could've.
Mary would've stayed longer if she could've.
Mary would've succeeded if she'd tried harder.
Mary would've succeeded if she'd worked harder.
Mary would've told us if she'd known.
Mary would've waited if you'd called her.
Mary wouldn't admit her mistake.
Mary wouldn't admit that she was wrong.
Mary wouldn't allow Tom to drive her car.
Mary wouldn't allow Tom to kiss her.
Mary wouldn't allow me in her office.
Mary wouldn't allow me to help her.
Mary wouldn't allow us to help her.
Mary wouldn't ask you to do that for her if she could find anybody else to do it for her.
Mary wouldn't ask you to do that for her if she could find anyone else to do it for her.
Mary wouldn't ask you to do that if she didn't think you could.
Mary wouldn't be allowed to do that even if she wanted to.
Mary wouldn't be crazy enough to do that, would she?
Mary wouldn't be doing that if she didn't have to.
Mary wouldn't be doing that now, would she?
Mary wouldn't be doing that today if she didn't have to.
Mary wouldn't be happy if she had to do that.
Mary wouldn't be happy if we forced her to do that.
Mary wouldn't be happy if we made her do that, would she?
Mary wouldn't be happy if we made her do that.
Mary wouldn't be helping us today if Tom hadn't asked her.
Mary wouldn't be here if she didn't have to be.
Mary wouldn't be stupid enough to do that, would she?
Mary wouldn't be too surprised if Tom didn't like the puppy she gave him.
Mary wouldn't change her mind.
Mary wouldn't come out of her room.
Mary wouldn't dare tell me.
Mary wouldn't do something like that by herself.
Mary wouldn't do something like this.
Mary wouldn't do that again, would she?
Mary wouldn't do that by herself.
Mary wouldn't do that even if she could.
Mary wouldn't do that even if you paid her.
Mary wouldn't do that herself.
Mary wouldn't do that if she didn't have to.
Mary wouldn't do that if she didn't need to.
Mary wouldn't do that if she didn't want to.
Mary wouldn't do that the way you said she did.
Mary wouldn't do that, would she?
Mary wouldn't do what I asked her to do.
Mary wouldn't do what I wanted her to do.
Mary wouldn't do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary wouldn't do what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary wouldn't do what we asked her to do.
Mary wouldn't drink the coffee Tom made for her.
Mary wouldn't eat that, would she?
Mary wouldn't give Tom a divorce.
Mary wouldn't go back to Boston if she didn't have to.
Mary wouldn't go back to Boston if she didn't need to.
Mary wouldn't go hiking by herself.
Mary wouldn't go off and leave us, would she?
Mary wouldn't go to Boston if she didn't have to.
Mary wouldn't have asked you for help if she could've done it by herself.
Mary wouldn't have asked you for help if she could've done that by herself.
Mary wouldn't have asked you to do that if she could've done it herself.
Mary wouldn't have asked you to do that if she didn't think you could.
Mary wouldn't have been able to get her homework done if Tom hadn't helped her.
Mary wouldn't have dared challenge him.
Mary wouldn't have done that by herself.
Mary wouldn't have done that even if she'd wanted to.
Mary wouldn't have done that if Tom hadn't asked her to.
Mary wouldn't have done that if Tom hadn't told her to.
Mary wouldn't have done that if she didn't have to.
Mary wouldn't have done that if she hadn't had to.
Mary wouldn't have done that if she hadn't needed to.
Mary wouldn't have done that if she hadn't wanted to.
Mary wouldn't have done that if she'd known it would make Tom angry.
Mary wouldn't have done that if we hadn't asked her to.
Mary wouldn't have gone to Boston if she didn't have to.
Mary wouldn't have gotten hurt if she'd been a little more careful.
Mary wouldn't have known how to do that if Tom hadn't shown her how.
Mary wouldn't have let her children do that.
Mary wouldn't have let her own children do that.
Mary wouldn't have made it on time if she hadn't run.
Mary wouldn't have passed the test if Tom hadn't helped her study.
Mary wouldn't have sung if we hadn't asked her to.
Mary wouldn't hit anyone, would she?
Mary wouldn't hurt Tom, would she?
Mary wouldn't leave us here, would she?
Mary wouldn't lend her bicycle to me.
Mary wouldn't let Tom drive her car.
Mary wouldn't let Tom kiss her hand.
Mary wouldn't let Tom kiss her.
Mary wouldn't let Tom look at her pictures.
Mary wouldn't let Tom sing with her band.
Mary wouldn't let Tom sit next to her.
Mary wouldn't let anybody do anything for her.
Mary wouldn't let anybody help her.
Mary wouldn't let anyone help her.
Mary wouldn't let anyone in her home.
Mary wouldn't let anyone in her room.
Mary wouldn't let her children speak French at home.
Mary wouldn't let me buy her a drink.
Mary wouldn't let me drive her car.
Mary wouldn't let me help her.
Mary wouldn't let me in her room.
Mary wouldn't let me into her room.
Mary wouldn't let me kiss her.
Mary wouldn't let us help her.
Mary wouldn't let us sing with her band.
Mary wouldn't like it if Tom tried to kiss her.
Mary wouldn't like it if she knew you were here.
Mary wouldn't likely go camping by herself.
Mary wouldn't pay her bills.
Mary wouldn't really buy that, would she?
Mary wouldn't really do that, would she?
Mary wouldn't really eat that, would she?
Mary wouldn't say how her dog died.
Mary wouldn't tell Tom how old she was.
Mary wouldn't tell Tom where she lived.
Mary wouldn't tell Tom why she did that.
Mary wouldn't tell Tom why she didn't do that.
Mary wouldn't tell Tom why she wanted to do that.
Mary wouldn't tell Tom why she wouldn't do that.
Mary wouldn't tell anybody, would she?
Mary wouldn't tell anyone, would she?
Mary wouldn't tell me about it.
Mary wouldn't tell me her boyfriend's name.
Mary wouldn't tell me her plans.
Mary wouldn't tell me how much she paid for her new computer.
Mary wouldn't tell me where she had hidden the money.
Mary wouldn't tell me where she lived.
Mary wouldn't tell me where she went.
Mary wouldn't tell me where she'd been.
Mary wouldn't tell me where she'd put my car keys.
Mary wouldn't tell me who gave her that envelope.
Mary wouldn't tell me who gave her those binoculars.
Mary wouldn't tell me who had given her the flowers.
Mary wouldn't tell me who she talked to.
Mary wouldn't tell me who she was planning to meet.
Mary wouldn't tell me who she'd talked to.
Mary wouldn't tell me why she did that.
Mary wouldn't tell me why she didn't do that.
Mary wouldn't tell me why she didn't like Tom.
Mary wouldn't tell me why she wanted to do that.
Mary wouldn't tell me why she wasn't here yesterday.
Mary wouldn't tell me why she wouldn't do that.
Mary wouldn't tell us what she was doing.
Mary wouldn't tell us where she hid the money.
Mary wouldn’t give Tom a divorce.
Mary wove the cloths she needs for baking herself. They need to be aired after baking.
Mary wracked her brain.
Mary wrapped a hot water bottle in a towel and placed it on Tom's forehead.
Mary wrapped a towel around her hair.
Mary wrapped a towel around her head.
Mary wrapped a towel around herself.
Mary wrapped her arms around Tom's neck.
Mary wrapped her arms tightly around her chest.
Mary wrapped herself in a blanket.
Mary wrapped herself in a towel.
Mary wrapped herself in a warm blanket.
Mary wrapped herself in her blanket.
Mary wrapped the blanket around her shoulders.
Mary wrapped the blanket around herself.
Mary wrapped the present she was going to give to Tom.
Mary wriggled her toes.
Mary writes Greek very poorly.
Mary writes and sings her own songs.
Mary writes everything down so she won't forget it.
Mary writes him every year.
Mary writes in her diary every day.
Mary writes more correctly than Tom.
Mary writes much better now than she used to.
Mary writes romance novels.
Mary writes very neatly, doesn't she?
Mary writes with her left hand.
Mary wrote Tom a long letter, but she didn't send it to him.
Mary wrote Tom a love letter, but she didn't send it.
Mary wrote a book about her family.
Mary wrote a book about squirrels.
Mary wrote a book while she was in Australia.
Mary wrote a letter to her brother.
Mary wrote a letter to herself.
Mary wrote a lot of letters to Tom while she was away.
Mary wrote a love letter to Tom, but she didn't send it.
Mary wrote a memo to her boss.
Mary wrote a novel.
Mary wrote a short story.
Mary wrote a text adventure game.
Mary wrote a young adult novel.
Mary wrote about her experience.
Mary wrote about her family.
Mary wrote about her ideas.
Mary wrote about that in her journal.
Mary wrote down her feelings in her diary.
Mary wrote down her phone number and gave it to Tom.
Mary wrote down her phone number.
Mary wrote down the recipe.
Mary wrote her number on a piece of paper and handed it to Tom.
Mary wrote her phone number on a napkin and handed it to Tom.
Mary wrote her phone number on a piece of paper and handed it to Tom.
Mary wrote poems when she was in high school.
Mary wrote some motivational thoughts onto the mirror.
Mary wrote something in Tom's notebook while he was away from his desk.
Mary wrote something in her notebook.
Mary wrote the database in XML so it would be easier to share.
Mary wrote the letter herself.
Mary wrote the message herself.
Mary wrote the report all by herself.
Mary wrote these letters to herself.
Mary wrote this report by herself.
Mary wrote to Father Christmas saying that she would love to spend a year working as an elf in his workshop.
Mary wrote to Tom to tell him that she loved him.
Mary wrote to Tom to tell him what had happened to her.
Mary wrote to an advice column.
Mary wrote to her parents.
Mary yawns and stretches.
Mary yelled as loud as she could.
Mary yelled at her mother.
Mary yelled for help, but nobody heard her.
Mary yodels.
Mary zipped up her bag.
Mary zipped up her coat.
Mary zipped up her jacket.
Mary zipped up her leather jacket.
Mary – that's my name.
Mary! Mary! Mary!
Mary! Well, this is a surprise. Come in! Have you eaten yet?
Mary! cried out the young man trembling; Mary, you here, and in such a state?
Mary'd be cute if she'd just shut up. Her way of speaking really gets on my nerves.
Mary's Boston Brahmin.
Mary's French has improved since she moved to France.
Mary's French is better than her English.
Mary's German is very dialectal.
Mary's Islamophobic.
Mary's Mini came screeching to a halt.
Mary's Mini screeched to a halt, and the passenger door was flung open. Leaning across from the driver's seat was Mary, grinning from ear to ear. "Oi! Tom!" she shouted above the music from the car stereo. "Get in!"
Mary's Twitch stream has many followers.
Mary's a beginner, but she's a fast learner.
Mary's a bit of a wizzkid.
Mary's a crazy cat lady.
Mary's a feminist.
Mary's a fiddle player.
Mary's a harpy.
Mary's a hellcat.
Mary's a homophobe.
Mary's a lot smarter than people give her credit for.
Mary's a morning person, but Tom's very grumpy in the morning and needs two cups of coffee to get him going.
Mary's a naughty gal.
Mary's a real expert.
Mary's a stay-at-home mom.
Mary's a tomboy.
Mary's a yo-yo dieter, who's lost weight many times, only to put it back on again.
Mary's absence was noted in the transcript.
Mary's afraid of getting pregnant again after she lost her first child.
Mary's aim leaves a lot to be desired.
Mary's already there, but Bill hasn't arrived yet.
Mary's always been rather sporty.
Mary's always been there for me whenever I needed her.
Mary's always up for a laugh.
Mary's amnesia returned her mind to her teenage years.
Mary's an all-American girl and Tom, her husband, is an all-American boy.
Mary's an anti-capitalist.
Mary's an antisemite.
Mary's an occupational therapist.
Mary's analysis will help to clarify the problem.
Mary's anarchist ideas could be considered naive.
Mary's anarchist ideas have a solid and consistent basis.
Mary's and Alice's boyfriends are friends.
Mary's anti-capitalist.
Mary's antisemitic.
Mary's apartment is tastefully decorated.
Mary's apartment is very tidy.
Mary's apple pie has been a favourite at her bakery for over thirty years.
Mary's approach to beauty is minimalistic yet effective.
Mary's arguing with her girlfriend.
Mary's arms were broken in the fall.
Mary's arms were folded across her chest.
Mary's artisan puppets sold like hot cakes throughout Europe.
Mary's artistic genius was already evident at nursery school.
Mary's artistic genius was already evident in kindergarten.
Mary's as flat as a board.
Mary's as rough as guts, but she's got a very kind heart.
Mary's at the airport.
Mary's at the door. Please ask her to come in.
Mary's at the shooting gallery with Jeanette.
Mary's attitude leaves much to be desired.
Mary's baby is due in October.
Mary's baby is less than a month old.
Mary's baby is ugly.
Mary's baby was three weeks premature.
Mary's baby will be born before Alice's baby.
Mary's baby will really go to town on a piece of cake, as long as it's chocolate.
Mary's baby's gender has been determined.
Mary's baby's sex has been determined.
Mary's back pain was torturing her.
Mary's bag is empty.
Mary's bag is full.
Mary's band self-financed its first single.
Mary's band self-financed their debut single.
Mary's beauty comes from her kindness.
Mary's beauty is breathtaking.
Mary's beauty was indescribable.
Mary's bedroom is cleaner than mine.
Mary's bedroom is pink.
Mary's been here at least once, hasn't she?
Mary's been living in Japan so long. Don't you think it's time she adjusted to Japanese customs?
Mary's been sick.
Mary's been so busy lately she doesn't know whether she's coming or going.
Mary's been taken hostage.
Mary's best friend got a Brazilian bikini wax.
Mary's better than all of us put together.
Mary's better than all of us.
Mary's bicycle was blue before she painted it red.
Mary's biggest disappointment in life is not being able to have children.
Mary's bikini bottom is black.
Mary's bipolar.
Mary's birthday is coming up in a week and I don't know what to give her.
Mary's birthday is the thirteenth of January.
Mary's birthday will be soon. I am going to bake a cake for her.
Mary's blanket has flowers on it.
Mary's blood froze in her veins when she saw Tom playing with the lions as if they were dogs.
Mary's book is very interesting.
Mary's book on hedgehogs demonstrates her love for these animals.
Mary's book on hedgehogs testifies to her love for these animals.
Mary's book was never published.
Mary's boss gave her a box of candy for her birthday.
Mary's boss is a bit too tactile for her liking.
Mary's boyfriend broke up with her.
Mary's boyfriend is Canadian.
Mary's boyfriend is a Canadian.
Mary's boyfriend is a lot younger than her.
Mary's boyfriend is a lot younger than she is.
Mary's boyfriend is older than her father.
Mary's boyfriend is older than she is.
Mary's boyfriend is quite a bit younger than she is.
Mary's boyfriend is three years older than she is.
Mary's boyfriend is three years younger than she is.
Mary's boyfriend saw her dancing with another guy and got jealous.
Mary's boyfriend threatened to leave her.
Mary's boyfriend treats her badly.
Mary's boyfriend's name is Tom.
Mary's brash manner didn't put Tom off, but rather impressed him from the outset.
Mary's broken the glasses.
Mary's brother fell from a wall and could not move.
Mary's brother fell off a wall and couldn't move anymore.
Mary's brother found a pearl.
Mary's brother is married.
Mary's brother likes to dance.
Mary's brother teased her about her new boyfriend.
Mary's bruises are barely visible.
Mary's built a wooden house.
Mary's butler doesn't want to give his opinion on her.
Mary's butler is the envy of the country's aristocracy.
Mary's butler would do anything for her.
Mary's buying a new coffee machine.
Mary's buying a new percolator.
Mary's captivating eyes made her suitors go mad.
Mary's car is a Fiat.
Mary's car isn't where she parked it.
Mary's castle is haunted.
Mary's cat Felicia had a litter of kittens.
Mary's cat always has to have whatever Tom's cat is having.
Mary's cat is a nasty beast.
Mary's cat is cute.
Mary's cat is missing.
Mary's cat likes to play the piano.
Mary's cat needs to hiss only once, to scare away the neighbours' dogs.
Mary's cat regularly finds its way into the neighbours' houses and eats the food left for the dogs and cats living there.
Mary's cat scared Tom's dog.
Mary's cats are silly.
Mary's cellphone began to vibrate in her pocket.
Mary's cellphone started to vibrate in her pocket.
Mary's changed so much that I don't think you'd recognize her if you saw her.
Mary's character was a busty amazon.
Mary's character was a buxom amazon.
Mary's children are unruly and disrespectful.
Mary's children must be missing her.
Mary's children must miss her.
Mary's cleats became muddy during the soccer match.
Mary's closet is full of clothes that she never wears.
Mary's closets are full of clothes she hasn't worn in years.
Mary's clothes are grouped by type and color.
Mary's clothes are understated.
Mary's coach likes her.
Mary's coat kept her warm.
Mary's coffee house was known far beyond the confines of the town. You were lucky to get a seat there if you hadn't booked in advance.
Mary's colleagues praised her for winning a new account.
Mary's comment sparked an interesting discussion.
Mary's common-law husband was arrested for driving while intoxicated.
Mary's common-law wife was arrested for driving while intoxicated.
Mary's confident she'll win, isn't she?
Mary's confused.
Mary's constant nagging really got to Tom after a while.
Mary's covering her mouth and yawning.
Mary's cryptic message left Tom on edge, wondering what she meant.
Mary's curiosity got the better of her.
Mary's curiosity was piqued.
Mary's dad hugged her and said that he loved her.
Mary's dad is rich.
Mary's dangerous, isn't she?
Mary's daughter died in an accident.
Mary's daughter drew her a picture.
Mary's daughter looks a lot like Mary.
Mary's daughter ordered her mother's tomb to be opened.
Mary's destroying her clothes.
Mary's diamond ring was the only thing that was missing.
Mary's doctor advised her not to eat between meals.
Mary's doctor advised her to drink more milk.
Mary's doctor advised her to exercise more.
Mary's doctor advised her to exercise.
Mary's doctor advised her to get more exercise.
Mary's doctor advised her to give up drinking.
Mary's doctor advised her to stop drinking.
Mary's doctor advised her to take better care of herself.
Mary's doctor gave her a clean bill of health.
Mary's doctor referred her to a cardiologist.
Mary's doctor suggested that she cut down on sugar.
Mary's doctor told her she needed to get more exercise.
Mary's doctor told her that she should quit smoking.
Mary's doctor told her to give up smoking.
Mary's doctor told her to quit smoking.
Mary's dog Fiona had a litter of puppies.
Mary's dog bit Tom.
Mary's dog bit me.
Mary's dog followed her into the house.
Mary's dog followed her to school.
Mary's dog follows her everywhere.
Mary's dog is inoffensive.
Mary's dog is still waiting for her just outside the front door.
Mary's dog is very docile.
Mary's dog is very intelligent.
Mary's dog is very obedient.
Mary's dog isn't well-read. In fact, it can't read at all.
Mary's dog lay peacefully outside her bedroom door. However, whenever Tom came creeping up to see Mary, who was sleeping inside, the dog became a terrifying hellhound that wouldn't let a soul pass.
Mary's dog learnt some new tricks.
Mary's dog scared Tom's cat.
Mary's dog woke her up a little after midnight.
Mary's dog's favourite toy is an old sock.
Mary's doing all she can do, isn't she?
Mary's doing all she can, isn't she?
Mary's doing well in her classes at school.
Mary's doing what she can, isn't she?
Mary's dream of going abroad finally became a reality.
Mary's dreams were finally materializing.
Mary's dress doesn't fit her very well.
Mary's dress drew everyone's attention.
Mary's dress got caught in the door.
Mary's dress is a triumph of bad taste.
Mary's dress is awfully ugly.
Mary's dress is bright red.
Mary's dress is drying in the sun.
Mary's dress is older than mine.
Mary's dress is pink.
Mary's dress is too long.
Mary's dress is too short.
Mary's dress is way too skanky.
Mary's dress left little to the imagination.
Mary's dress was a cheap one.
Mary's dress was cheap.
Mary's dress was gorgeous.
Mary's drinking milk.
Mary's eccentric dress stood out in the crowd at the party space.
Mary's email was very terse and it was clear that she was upset about something.
Mary's emotional ups and downs kept all her friends on pins and needles.
Mary's enamored with somebody else.
Mary's energetic vigor mixed surprisingly well with Tom's submissive eagerness.
Mary's enthusiasm for her course deteriorated when her favourite lecturer transferred interstate.
Mary's evening routine is a time for self-love.
Mary's ex cheated on her.
Mary's ex-wife wants to ruin her new relationship.
Mary's excessive femininity is irritating.
Mary's explanations enchanted me and desolated me all at once.
Mary's exploration of new cultures opened her mind to new perspectives.
Mary's expression was unforgettable.
Mary's extravagant dress turned heads at prom.
Mary's eyes are beautiful.
Mary's eyes are black.
Mary's eyes are pretty.
Mary's eyes filled with tears as she read the note from Tom telling her that he'd left her.
Mary's eyes flashed angrily.
Mary's eyes flashed with anger when she saw Alice walking down the street with Tom.
Mary's eyes flashed with anger when she saw Alice.
Mary's eyes flashed with anger.
Mary's eyes glazed over, and her gaze drifted over Tom's shoulder as he went on talking.
Mary's eyes glinted with excitement.
Mary's eyes lit up.
Mary's eyes shone like stars.
Mary's eyes shone.
Mary's eyes sparkled like diamonds.
Mary's eyes sparkled.
Mary's eyes twinkled.
Mary's eyes were brimming with tears.
Mary's eyes were filled with tears.
Mary's eyes were puffy and red.
Mary's eyes were puffy.
Mary's eyes were red.
Mary's eyes widened with horror.
Mary's eyes widened.
Mary's face brightened.
Mary's face lighted up.
Mary's face lit up.
Mary's face looked ashen in the firelight.
Mary's face reddened.
Mary's face turned bright red.
Mary's face turned red with embarrassment.
Mary's face was almost completely hidden by a broad-brimmed hat.
Mary's face was almost completely hidden by a hat with a wide brim.
Mary's face was unforgettable.
Mary's face was very pale.
Mary's faith helped her get through the tragedy that befell her.
Mary's fallen ill.
Mary's family is coming to visit her next weekend.
Mary's family is happy that she's back home.
Mary's family is highly dysfunctional.
Mary's family moved around quite a lot when she was a kid.
Mary's family must be missing her.
Mary's family must miss her.
Mary's father bought Mary a doll.
Mary's father bought a doll for Mary.
Mary's father bought a doll for her.
Mary's father bought her a doll.
Mary's father complains about the injustice of the capitalist social system.
Mary's father doesn't allow her to drink wine.
Mary's father doesn't allow her to drive.
Mary's father doesn't allow her to go out at night.
Mary's father escorted her down the aisle.
Mary's father gave her a car for her birthday.
Mary's father is rich.
Mary's father left her all of his money.
Mary's father made her life hell.
Mary's father made her practice the piano every day for at least thirty minutes.
Mary's father made her sell her motorcycle.
Mary's father punished her.
Mary's father warned Tom to stay away from his daughter.
Mary's father warned his daughter away from Tom.
Mary's father was a sailor who never came back.
Mary's favorite TV show was canceled.
Mary's favorite drink is bubble tea.
Mary's favorite food at the Renaissance festival is the turkey legs.
Mary's favorite movie is The Princess Bride.
Mary's favorite pastime was reading philosophy books, while Tom preferred masturbating.
Mary's favorite superhero is Squirrel Girl.
Mary's favorite type of humor was satire.
Mary's favourite china pattern is no longer being marketed. She has started looking in second-hand stores to find individual plates and cups to complete her set.
Mary's favourite pastime was reading philosophy books, while Tom, he preferred masturbating.
Mary's fear came true.
Mary's fears came true.
Mary's feeling horny.
Mary's feet hurt after standing all day at work.
Mary's fiancé gave her a very big ring.
Mary's first boyfriend was Tom.
Mary's first boyfriend was named Tom.
Mary's first boyfriend's name was Tom.
Mary's first computer was given to her by her father.
Mary's first husband died, and she divorced her second.
Mary's fist connected with Tom's jaw and he staggered back.
Mary's flat is a mess.
Mary's flat is tastefully decorated.
Mary's friend from Austria will visit her at Christmas time.
Mary's friend whispered something to her.
Mary's friends all laughed at me.
Mary's friends are a pack of annoying scroungers.
Mary's friends are no more than a pack of insolent brats.
Mary's friends are very funny!
Mary's friends asked her to come out and play.
Mary's friends chipped in to create a surprise gift kitty for her upcoming birthday.
Mary's friends couldn't help her.
Mary's friends did their best to cheer her up.
Mary's friends knew she couldn't speak French.
Mary's friends knew she was having money problems.
Mary's friends knew she was unhappy.
Mary's friends organized a baby shower.
Mary's friends tried to cheer her up.
Mary's friends tried to help her.
Mary's friends wanted to help her.
Mary's friends were mean to her today.
Mary's friends were waiting for her.
Mary's fursona is a bat.
Mary's fury didn't have anything to do with you.
Mary's fussy, isn't she?
Mary's garage is filled with things that she never uses.
Mary's garden gate needed repairing. Tom promised to look at it.
Mary's garden gate needed to be repaired. Tom promised to look at it.
Mary's garden is a blend of beauty and sustainability.
Mary's garden is blooming with fresh vegetables and herbs.
Mary's garden project has taught her the importance of patience.
Mary's gardening techniques are inspired by her travels.
Mary's gentle nature is part of her beauty.
Mary's getting more neurotic the older she gets.
Mary's girlfriend is a politician.
Mary's giving Tom a rollicking.
Mary's goal is to own a home before she's thirty.
Mary's going to France to study painting.
Mary's going to be busy tomorrow.
Mary's going to be disappointed.
Mary's going to collect her daughter from nursery school.
Mary's going to fetch her daughter from nursery school.
Mary's going to kill me when she finds out what I did.
Mary's going to paint the fence tomorrow.
Mary's going to pick up her daughter from nursery school.
Mary's going to put the flowers on the living room table.
Mary's going to take a nap.
Mary's going to the concert.
Mary's gold iPhone looks tacky.
Mary's gone out. She said she was going buy some candles.
Mary's good at math.
Mary's got a big postcard collection.
Mary's got a cut on the palm of her hand. She says she got it peeling potatoes, but I don't buy that.
Mary's got a dimple in her chin.
Mary's got a hairdresser's appointment.
Mary's got a large collection of postcards.
Mary's got a lemon-yellow hat.
Mary's got a question.
Mary's got a swollen eye: her eyelid was bitten by a mosquito while she slept.
Mary's got a twisted sense of humour.
Mary's got an appointment at the hairdresser's.
Mary's got daddy issues.
Mary's got enough time.
Mary's got everything she needs, with one exception: Tom. She misses him a lot.
Mary's got everything she needs, with one exception: Tom. She really misses him.
Mary's got to learn the poem by heart.
Mary's got to recite a poem in front of the class.
Mary's got to reply to Lisa's letter.
Mary's got to settle into her new flat.
Mary's grandfather used to harvest by scythe.
Mary's grandmother doesn't have any teeth.
Mary's grandmother is toothless.
Mary's group was the first to crack the game.
Mary's growing up bilingual: with Mum Akiko, she speaks Japanese, and with Dad Tom, she speaks German.
Mary's gynecologist found some lumps in her breasts.
Mary's had a string of failed relationships.
Mary's had her house painted.
Mary's had it up to here with you know who.
Mary's hair is blowing in the wind.
Mary's hair is curly.
Mary's hair is dark and voluminous.
Mary's hair is long.
Mary's hair is naturally curly.
Mary's hair is so long that it reaches the floor.
Mary's hair is very beautiful.
Mary's hair is very long.
Mary's hair is very shiny.
Mary's hair started turning gray before she turned thirty.
Mary's hair was shiny.
Mary's hairdresser is Dutch.
Mary's hands are always as cold as ice.
Mary's hands are always well-manicured.
Mary's hands were clasped, and tears of happiness stood in her eyes as she gazed.
Mary's happy.
Mary's having Tom on.
Mary's head was spinning.
Mary's heading this way.
Mary's heart aches with regret.
Mary's heart began to pound wildly.
Mary's heart fluttered at the sight of Tom.
Mary's heart fluttered at the sight of him.
Mary's heart fluttered.
Mary's heart nearly stopped.
Mary's heart skipped a beat.
Mary's heart started beating wildly.
Mary's heart started racing.
Mary's heart was racing.
Mary's hobby is geocaching.
Mary's home.
Mary's homophobic.
Mary's hopes were dashed instantly.
Mary's house is big.
Mary's house is in perfect order.
Mary's house is near where she works.
Mary's house lay hidden in a peach grove.
Mary's house lay hidden in a peach-tree grove.
Mary's house lay hidden in a small wood.
Mary's house was devoured by the flames.
Mary's house was situated in a maze of one-way streets almost impenetrable to drivers unfamiliar with the place.
Mary's house was situated in a maze of one-way streets almost unnavigable for drivers unfamiliar with the area.
Mary's house was struck by lightning.
Mary's hubby is chubby.
Mary's hubby is round and chubby.
Mary's husband abused her.
Mary's husband always helps with the grocery shopping because she finds walking difficult.
Mary's husband always wears the same hat.
Mary's husband asked her to quit her job.
Mary's husband became homeless after the divorce.
Mary's husband became homeless.
Mary's husband didn't even stick around until the baby was born.
Mary's husband died in 2013. Mary herself died three years later.
Mary's husband died three hours after she did.
Mary's husband doesn't blame her for his problems.
Mary's husband is Canadian.
Mary's husband is a friend of mine.
Mary's husband is a lot older than she is.
Mary's husband is a redhead.
Mary's husband is almost as short as she is.
Mary's husband is dying so she spends the night at his bedside at the hospital.
Mary's husband is just as crazy as she is.
Mary's husband is just as funny as she is.
Mary's husband is just as short as she is.
Mary's husband is just as strange as she is.
Mary's husband is just as stubborn as she is.
Mary's husband is much older than she is.
Mary's husband is my husband's age.
Mary's husband is named Tom.
Mary's husband is one of my friends.
Mary's husband is rich.
Mary's husband is three years older than she is.
Mary's husband is three years younger than she is.
Mary's husband is unemployed.
Mary's husband left her in 2013.
Mary's husband left her in October.
Mary's husband left her three months ago.
Mary's husband left home for work.
Mary's husband likes brunettes.
Mary's husband met her at the gate.
Mary's husband must be missing her.
Mary's husband must miss her.
Mary's husband picked her up at the airport.
Mary's husband picked her up at the station.
Mary's husband said he was leaving her.
Mary's husband told me she wasn't at home.
Mary's husband told me that she wasn't at home.
Mary's husband took her to the fancy French restaurant for their belated anniversary dinner.
Mary's husband used to be married to her sister.
Mary's husband was here a while ago looking for her.
Mary's husband would probably leave her if he knew the truth.
Mary's husband's name is Tom.
Mary's iPhone was stolen by a thief.
Mary's ill. She won't be able to come.
Mary's in the hospital with a pulmonary embolism.
Mary's in the park with her husband.
Mary's in there.
Mary's incisive questioning made it impossible for Tom to get away with his lies.
Mary's jaw dropped.
Mary's jealous.
Mary's jeans are ripped at the knees.
Mary's jewelry box was stolen.
Mary's job is very stressful.
Mary's job keeps her busy.
Mary's job kept her busy.
Mary's jumper is bright red.
Mary's just an average woman.
Mary's just seen it.
Mary's kidnappers sent Tom a photo of her holding that day's newspaper, to prove that she was still alive.
Mary's kids are going on a field trip to the zoo tomorrow.
Mary's kids were here a while ago looking for her.
Mary's kind nature quickly won her the friendship of her classmates.
Mary's kitchen is bigger than my living room.
Mary's kitchen was abuzz with bubbling pots and frying cheese.
Mary's knees went weak.
Mary's lamb follows her everywhere.
Mary's laptop is neither big nor heavy.
Mary's latest game is very moving, but I have to admit it's not very fun.
Mary's laughter filled the air.
Mary's left her umbrella on the bus.
Mary's legs are swollen.
Mary's legs dangled in the water.
Mary's lemon cheesecake is to die for.
Mary's less active than her sister.
Mary's letter didn't say when she'd be arriving in Boston.
Mary's liberal.
Mary's life partner is a man of few words.
Mary's life sucked.
Mary's life trajectory has changed greatly since then.
Mary's life trajectory has changed radically since then.
Mary's life was shrouded in scandal and mystery.
Mary's light is on, so she's probably awake.
Mary's lipstick is smeared.
Mary's little squirrel has now learned how to fetch nuts.
Mary's locked herself in her room.
Mary's locker is next to Tom's.
Mary's looking for orange juice.
Mary's lost her mittens.
Mary's love for exploration led her to visit many different countries.
Mary's mad at me because she thinks I stole her boyfriend.
Mary's made a house out of wood.
Mary's maiden name is Jackson.
Mary's main claim to fame was her discovery of the largest coprolite to ever be discovered.
Mary's mask is cooler than Tom's.
Mary's measurements are 36-24-36.
Mary's meeting her friends today.
Mary's memories came flooding back.
Mary's memory's getting worse as she gets older.
Mary's middle name is Alice.
Mary's mirror broke.
Mary's mom loves the dog more than her.
Mary's mom raised her by herself.
Mary's mood changes by the minute: one minute she's laughing, the next she's crying.
Mary's morning routine brings her peace.
Mary's mother allowed her to order her favorite dessert at the restaurant.
Mary's mother always told her she should eat more vegetables.
Mary's mother grew up in an age of sexual repression of women.
Mary's mother had misgivings about Mary marrying Tom.
Mary's mother helps her with her homework.
Mary's mother is Lakota and her father is a Mongol.
Mary's mother is an extraordinarily difficult woman to get along with.
Mary's mother is dead, and she feels unloved by her father.
Mary's mother is just as charming as Mary is.
Mary's mother is just as charming as she is.
Mary's mother is often critical of her appearance.
Mary's mother is often judgmental.
Mary's mother is very conservative.
Mary's mother made a nice dress for her.
Mary's mother made her a new dress.
Mary's mother made her a nice dress.
Mary's mother packs her a lunch every day.
Mary's mother played the piano.
Mary's mother taught her how to knit.
Mary's mother told her a story.
Mary's mother told her not to jump on her bed.
Mary's mother told her not to talk with her mouth full.
Mary's mother told her she could do anything she wanted to do.
Mary's mother told her that she shouldn't eat so much chocolate.
Mary's mother told her to clean her room.
Mary's mother told her to come home.
Mary's mother told her to eat her vegetables.
Mary's mother told her to quit jumping on her bed.
Mary's mother took a liking to Tom the moment she met him.
Mary's mother used to wash her clothes for her, but now she washes them herself.
Mary's mother wouldn't allow her to play with Barbies.
Mary's mother's a cupboard drinker.
Mary's mother's very impressed with Mary's new boyfriend, Tom.
Mary's mouth went dry at the sight of Tom.
Mary's mouth went dry at the sight of him.
Mary's mouth went dry.
Mary's much older than she says she is.
Mary's my niece.
Mary's nails were painted a bright red.
Mary's nativity scene has a ton of figurines.
Mary's neighbor is a busybody.
Mary's nerves caused her to mess up her job interview.
Mary's new band received gushing reviews in the music press.
Mary's new boyfriend is much younger than she is.
Mary's new hair style is most becoming.
Mary's new hairstyle made her stand out in the crowd.
Mary's new outfit is guaranteed to turn heads.
Mary's new passion was performing on aerial silks.
Mary's nipples became erect.
Mary's nose was bleeding.
Mary's not a one-guy type of girl.
Mary's not always like that. You just caught her on a bad day.
Mary's not at all sure what she should do.
Mary's not at home.
Mary's not coming, because I don't want her to.
Mary's not envious.
Mary's not fully conscious yet.
Mary's not happy that her boyfriend has to kiss another girl for the school play.
Mary's not in her room.
Mary's not in.
Mary's not my girlfriend, or anything.
Mary's not pretty, but she isn't ugly, either.
Mary's not really ill. She's just pretending to be.
Mary's not really ill. She's only pretending to be.
Mary's not responsible for what Tom does.
Mary's not returning any of my texts.
Mary's not the first woman to fall in love with a married man, and she won't be the last.
Mary's not the only girl in the world.
Mary's not the type of person to call it quits.
Mary's obsessive tidying up is really getting on Tom's nerves.
Mary's of German descent.
Mary's office is three miles from where she lives.
Mary's office is two miles west of her house.
Mary's old and sick.
Mary's older than she looks, isn't she?
Mary's older than she says she is.
Mary's oldest daughter looks just like her.
Mary's oldest son looks a lot like her husband.
Mary's oldest son looks just like her husband.
Mary's on the spectrum.
Mary's out of Tom's league.
Mary's packed her boyfriend in.
Mary's painting the fence tomorrow.
Mary's palatine tonsils were removed when she was seven years old.
Mary's parents allow her to do a lot of things that my parents don't allow me to do.
Mary's parents allow her to do anything she wants to do.
Mary's parents allow her to do anything she wants.
Mary's parents allow her to do what she wants to do.
Mary's parents allow her to do what she wants.
Mary's parents allow her to do whatever she wants to do.
Mary's parents allow her to do whatever she wants.
Mary's parents are probably worried about her.
Mary's parents are rich.
Mary's parents are too strict to allow her to do that.
Mary's parents are too strict to let her do that.
Mary's parents are very permissive.
Mary's parents are very strict.
Mary's parents can't stand Tom.
Mary's parents cannot stand Tom.
Mary's parents completely freaked out.
Mary's parents did not approve of Tom.
Mary's parents did not approve of her plan.
Mary's parents did not approve of me.
Mary's parents died in an automobile accident when she was three years old.
Mary's parents died when she was thirteen years old.
Mary's parents died when she was thirteen.
Mary's parents died when she was three.
Mary's parents disapproved of her decision to get tattooed.
Mary's parents don't go to church, but she does.
Mary's parents don't know where she is.
Mary's parents got divorced when she was thirteen years old.
Mary's parents got divorced when she was thirteen.
Mary's parents got divorced when she was very young.
Mary's parents hate Tom.
Mary's parents have a huge house.
Mary's parents knew that she was in love with Tom.
Mary's parents let her do anything she wants to do.
Mary's parents let her do anything she wants.
Mary's parents let her do what she wants to do.
Mary's parents let her do what she wants.
Mary's parents let her do whatever she wants to do.
Mary's parents let her do whatever she wants.
Mary's parents let her stay out late at night.
Mary's parents live in a 8,000 sq ft. mountaintop home in Aspen.
Mary's parents live in a big house.
Mary's parents live in a large house.
Mary's parents live in a mansion.
Mary's parents live in a monster house.
Mary's parents live three miles from her.
Mary's parents never visited her in prison.
Mary's parents never visited her when she was in the hospital.
Mary's parents sent her to cooking school.
Mary's parents thought that Tom was too old for her.
Mary's parents thought that she was too young to live by herself.
Mary's parents told her that playing with fire was dangerous.
Mary's parents told her that she shouldn't do that.
Mary's parents told her that they thought she was too young to get married.
Mary's parents told her that they thought that she was too young to get married.
Mary's parents told her they thought she was too young to get married.
Mary's parents told her they thought that she was too young to get married.
Mary's parents told me that she'd be going to Harvard.
Mary's parents vetoed her summer plans.
Mary's parents wanted her to study harder.
Mary's parents were asleep when she got home.
Mary's parents were disappointed that she couldn't get into Harvard.
Mary's parents were horrified.
Mary's parents were very impressed with Tom.
Mary's parents were very permissive.
Mary's parents were very strict.
Mary's parents weren't particularly pleased.
Mary's parents wish she'd study harder.
Mary's parents won't let her go out with Tom on school nights.
Mary's parents won't let me see Mary anymore.
Mary's partner is a taciturn person.
Mary's passion for travel has taken her to over 30 countries.
Mary's pencil is in the office.
Mary's personal pronouns are she/her.
Mary's personal pronouns are they/them and she/her.
Mary's phone buzzed.
Mary's phone kept cutting out and she couldn't make out what Tom was trying to tell her.
Mary's phone ran out of battery.
Mary's phone rang, but she ignored it.
Mary's phone was confiscated because she was caught texting during class.
Mary's phone was confiscated because she was caught texting in class.
Mary's phone was confiscated by a teacher.
Mary's pictures often show figures shrouded in a heavy mist.
Mary's planted a lot of roses in her garden.
Mary's playing football tomorrow.
Mary's post-operative abdominal pain was caused by the surgeon leaving a surgical instrument inside her.
Mary's pride won't let her admit she's wrong.
Mary's probably worried sick about me.
Mary's pronunciation problems grew noticeably when she was mad. Tom found them so adorable that he couldn't help smiling, but this usually made things worse.
Mary's proprioception is impaired, which means she's having trouble with her balance.
Mary's proud of her wife.
Mary's pulling Tom's leg.
Mary's pullover is bright red.
Mary's purse is empty.
Mary's purse is the same color as her shoes.
Mary's purse matches her shoes.
Mary's putting the bouquet of flowers into a vase.
Mary's quarrelling with her girlfriend.
Mary's question to Tom in German spurred him on to provide an extensive answer in German. He managed to do this very well, which everyone was happy about.
Mary's quite pleasing to the eye.
Mary's realisation that she was gay plunged her into a reactive depression.
Mary's recovery was considered as a wonder.
Mary's refrigerator from the 1970s still works; Tom's fridge from 2005 has already stopped working due to planned obsolescence.
Mary's relatively old, isn't she?
Mary's repainted the house.
Mary's reputation was tarnished by gossip.
Mary's reputation was tarnished by malicious gossip.
Mary's request took her mother by surprise.
Mary's research received a lot of plaudits.
Mary's revealing dress left little to the imagination.
Mary's sculpture was brazenly ugly, which was precisely her intention.
Mary's sculpture was conspicuously ugly, which was exactly what she had intended.
Mary's self-conscious about the gap between her front teeth.
Mary's sentences are clear and easy to translate.
Mary's sentences are comprehensible and easy to translate.
Mary's sentences are correct and easy to understand.
Mary's sentences are easy to translate.
Mary's sentences are short and easy to translate.
Mary's sentences can be used in exercises.
Mary's sentences can be used to learn English.
Mary's shoes are dirty.
Mary's shoes are too big for her.
Mary's shoes are too small for her.
Mary's shoes don't fit her very well.
Mary's shrub was almost destroyed by deer.
Mary's sickness does not stop her from enjoying life.
Mary's sighing.
Mary's sister borrowed her clothes without asking.
Mary's sister is a total bitch.
Mary's sister is coming tomorrow.
Mary's sister is married to Tom.
Mary's sister is shy and awkward.
Mary's sister knew all about Tom's secrets.
Mary's sister likes messing around with her.
Mary's sister looks a lot like her.
Mary's sister looks just like her.
Mary's sister loves Tom's brother.
Mary's skills were not needed.
Mary's skin doesn't have any wrinkles.
Mary's skin gets dry easily.
Mary's skin has no wrinkles.
Mary's skirt was covered in an intricate pattern.
Mary's sleepy.
Mary's smarter than Tom.
Mary's smiling face let everyone know that she was happy.
Mary's smiling face showed that she was happy.
Mary's so nice that you can't help but like her.
Mary's son gave flowers to her.
Mary's son gave her flowers.
Mary's son was born yesterday.
Mary's song became a hit.
Mary's sparring partner had a seizure.
Mary's starting salary at Microsoft in 1999 was $45,000 before tax.
Mary's stew was so delicious that Tom had a second helping.
Mary's still not allowed to have visitors.
Mary's still taking her medication, isn't she?
Mary's story is not uncommon.
Mary's student digs look like a pigsty.
Mary's subtle brand of humour was lost on Tom.
Mary's such an airhead, dude.
Mary's sudden death surprised everyone.
Mary's sullen husband Tom was kidnapped and hugged every morning by Teletubbies.
Mary's talents could be put to better use elsewhere.
Mary's tattoo reads, "No gods, no masters!"
Mary's tears vanished immediately.
Mary's the kindest, most loving person you could ever hope to meet.
Mary's the laziest of her schoolmates.
Mary's the only one who laughs at Tom's corny jokes.
Mary's tonsils were removed when she was seven years old.
Mary's travels have deepened her appreciation for different cultures.
Mary's uncle sent her a Christmas card.
Mary's unnerving to be around, because she's so finicky about everything.
Mary's very good at baking cakes.
Mary's very presence inspired Tom.
Mary's very proud of what she's been able to accomplish.
Mary's very scared.
Mary's very short-tempered, and often throws a wobbly.
Mary's voice cracked with emotion.
Mary's voice is so cute!
Mary's voice is soothing.
Mary's voice trembled slightly.
Mary's voice was husky because of her cold.
Mary's voice was husky with emotion.
Mary's voice was very gentle.
Mary's wanderlust grew from regularly perusing travel magazines.
Mary's wardrobe is full of clothes she hasn't worn for years.
Mary's wardrobe is luxurious.
Mary's was the only phone number Tom had.
Mary's washing machine broke down a week after the warranty had run out.
Mary's watch was stolen.
Mary's wedding day was the saddest day of her life.
Mary's wedding dress was beautiful.
Mary's wedding ring is made of pure gold.
Mary's wedding ring was swept down the drain while she was washing her hands.
Mary's white bridal gown against the backdrop of the white marble wall virtually made her disappear.
Mary's wife is a doctor.
Mary's wife is a marine biologist.
Mary's wife is asexual.
Mary's wife is bi.
Mary's wife is bisexual.
Mary's words put Tom at ease.
Mary's world was her books.
Mary's xenophobic.
Mary's yawning and stretching.
Mary's younger than she says she is.
Mary, I am in love with you.
Mary, I have missed you so much!
Mary, I love you.
Mary, I really like you.
Mary, I'm afraid Tom hasn't been totally honest with you.
Mary, I'm amazed. I would never have thought that you were such a good cook.
Mary, I'm serious.
Mary, Layla, Skura, and Esther are in a polyamorous relationship.
Mary, Marie, and Maria went out for a drink.
Mary, Mary, quite contrary, trim that pussy, it's damn hairy.
Mary, Tom’s sister, is not in Boston.
Mary, after all, is also mortal.
Mary, after all, is mortal too.
Mary, an 11-year-old girl, can speak three languages.
Mary, are you Greek or French?
Mary, are you all right, honey?
Mary, are you decent?
Mary, are you in there?
Mary, as always, is inimitable!
Mary, be careful.
Mary, being able to speak 3 languages fluently, finds attention from businesses everywhere.
Mary, can you slow down a little?
Mary, come back to Paris with me.
Mary, come down. It is harmful to get angry.
Mary, come quick! A flying saucer has just landed in our garden.
Mary, come quick! Tom is going wild and is going to beat John with a stick!
Mary, despite being almost fifty years old, still acts like a girl.
Mary, do you love me?
Mary, does Tom snore loudly in his sleep?
Mary, don't be childish!
Mary, even though the daughter of a mere farmer, has manners that betray a distinguished upbringing.
Mary, frightened, stretched out her arms to hold me.
Mary, from now on, leave the cooking to Tom! He has more experience than you.
Mary, give me your chewing gum.
Mary, having exiled Tom, was promoted to the beginning of each sentence.
Mary, how long do you plan on staying cross with me? Just forgive me.
Mary, how old are you?
Mary, however, was already in love with a man named Tom.
Mary, illiterate as she was, was trying to decipher the half-erased hieroglyphics on that sign.
Mary, in English, is neither an abbreviation nor a pet name and in the Esperanto and German bible translations the mother of Jesus is called Maria.
Mary, in her garden, looks like a rare rose.
Mary, look! Tom's on TV!
Mary, love! Wake up!
Mary, man. Barry, man. Barry, man. Mary, man.
Mary, my love!
Mary, our friendship is very important to me.
Mary, peace be upon her, gave birth to Jesus, peace and blessings be upon him.
Mary, please give me the wine.
Mary, please hug me.
Mary, please tell me the truth.
Mary, please, not now.
Mary, sitting on the meadow and looking out to sea, was showered with cherry blossom brought down by the wind.
Mary, snow-blind and exhausted, undressed in front of Tom without her knowledge.
Mary, someone is here to see you.
Mary, stop deleting my sentences.
Mary, stop it. That's enough.
Mary, stop. I can explain.
Mary, the famous forensic psychologist and writer, was inspired by Tatoeba to write a novel about Tom, the serial killer from Boston.
Mary, the mother of Jesus, had at least seven children.
Mary, the rota is there.
Mary, this bitch, was hiding behind a big word, to surprise Tom.
Mary, this is Joe's brother David.
Mary, this is Joe’s brother David.
Mary, this mischievous girl, came sticking her name at the beginning of this sentence, in order to not leave that monopoly to Tom, although it wasn't necessary at all.
Mary, wake up. It's me.
Mary, watch out for men. Every man is a wolf in sheep's clothing.
Mary, we're your friends. You can tell us.
Mary, what are you doing?
Mary, what are you reading?
Mary, what did you do to make your brother cry?
Mary, what do you want for Christmas?
Mary, what's wrong with you today?
Mary, what's wrong? You look like you're about to faint.
Mary, where are my boots?
Mary, who is 25 years old, is a baker.
Mary, who's been rather gracious, has made it in my good book.
Mary, whose little brother lives in Munich, often drives to the Bavarian capital.
Mary, whose little brother lives in Munich, often rides to the Bavarian capital.
Mary, why are you crying?
Mary, why don't you help your brother?
Mary, you poor child, where have you been? What happened to you?
Mary, you really need to get a grip on your jealousy and unhealthy mistrust.
Mary, you shouldn't chop food without using a chopping board, no matter how short a time it is for.
Mary, you're a terribly superficial woman! I thought you loved me because of my personality, not because of my appearance or my possessions.
Mary, you're beautiful. I love you.
Mary, you're flattering me.
Mary, you're supposed to be enjoying yourself.
Mary, you've come at just the right time! Help me carry this sofa downstairs.
Mary, you've done nothing to help anyone here, so I think it would be best for you to egress from this classroom.
Mary, your friendship is very important to me.
Mary. That's my name.
Mary. That’s my name.
Mary: "It's probably full of GMOs." Tom, laughing: "I thought you said GMOFOs."
Mary: "Why do you drink so much sangria?" Tom: "I'm a phlebotomist."
Mary: "You got bit? Oh, no. Did the dog draw blood?" Tom: "Yeah, he's a regular phlebotomist, alright."
Mary? Are you in there?
Maryam is a person of good manners.
Maryam is a well-known writer.
Maryam is well behaved.
Maryland is the richest state in the United States.
Mary’s approach to beauty is about simplicity and care.
Mary’s back pain was torturing her.
Mary’s beauty is a reflection of her inner peace.
Mary’s beauty routine is a moment of self-reflection.
Mary’s beauty routine is a peaceful ritual.
Mary’s beauty routine is all about relaxation.
Mary’s beauty shines brightest when she’s at peace.
Mary’s been living in Japan so long. Don’t you think it’s time she adjusted to Japanese customs?
Mary’s been planning her trip for months.
Mary’s bikini bottom is black.
Mary’s birthday will be soon. I am going to bake a cake for her.
Mary’s boss gave her a box of candy for her birthday.
Mary’s cat is so sweet that I really don’t mind him curling up in my lap, but the way he insists on kneading my legs with his claws makes me feel like a pincushion.
Mary’s choice surprised them all.
Mary’s colleagues praised her for winning a new account.
Mary’s confidence grew with every step.
Mary’s doctor advised her to exercise.
Mary’s dog follows her everywhere.
Mary’s donation underwrote the development of a new program at the university.
Mary’s dream of going abroad finally became a reality.
Mary’s eyes were filled with tears.
Mary’s father left her all of his money.
Mary’s glow comes from within.
Mary’s hand trembled as she reached out.
Mary’s husband abused her.
Mary’s husband didn’t even stick around until the baby was born.
Mary’s husband doesn’t blame her for his problems.
Mary’s idea changed everything.
Mary’s inner calm reflects in her outer beauty.
Mary’s kind nature quickly won her the friendship of her classmates.
Mary’s kindness is what makes her truly beautiful.
Mary’s less active than her sister.
Mary’s love for travel has connected her with diverse communities.
Mary’s natural beauty shines through her confidence.
Mary’s new hairstyle made her stand out in the crowd.
Mary’s not pretty, but she isn’t ugly, either.
Mary’s office is two miles west of her house.
Mary’s parents vetoed her summer plans.
Mary’s routine helps her stay connected to herself.
Mary’s sickness does not stop her from enjoying life.
Mary’s skin glowed after her skincare routine.
Mary’s skincare routine is her daily moment of peace.
Mary’s skincare routine is her moment of calm.
Mary’s the laziest of her schoolmates.
Mary’s travels have taught her to appreciate the environment more.
Mary’s travels inspire her to learn more about sustainable practices.
Mary’s wedding ring is made of pure gold.
Marzipan pigs do not grunt.
MarÃ­a looked at the starry sky, with a quarter moon that illuminated that autumn night.
MarÃ­a, Marcelina and father JosÃ© want to go to town.
María burst into tears upon hearing about the death of her brother.
María cut her finger while cooking.
María didn't know what to say.
María has always wanted to be a nurse.
María is a Spanish student.
María is reading all of Dostoevsky's works.
María looked at the starry sky, with a quarter moon that illuminated that autumn night.
María slept.
María teaches Mary Spanish.
María teaches Spanish and studies English.
María's grandmother is already 80 years old.
María, Marcelina and father José want to go to town.
Masako finished high school in Japan and then graduated from Harvard.
Masako is a Japanese woman.
Masako usually walks to school.
Masao belongs to the tennis club.
Masao studies history under Prof. Ito's guidance.
Masao studies history under Prof. Ito’s guidance.
Masao won't come here, will he?
Masao won’t come here, will he?
Masaru can't finish the work in an hour, can he?
Masaru can’t finish the work in an hour, can he?
Masaru claims that he is innocent.
Masaru doesn't care for this color.
Masaru doesn’t care for this color.
Masaru gets married today.
Masaru got married today.
Masaru wants to join the English Club.
Masaru wishes to join the English Club.
Masashi and Takako were at odds with each other over where to spend their vacation.
Mascara darkens the eyelashes and makes them appear longer.
Masci said the impact on the local environment was incalculable with the whole area of the Dannunziana Reserve, the city’s large pine forest, destroyed.
Masculine qualities in a woman are seen as strength, while feminine qualities in a man are viewed as weakness.
Masculinity has to do with supporting women and children.
Maseru is the capital of Lesotho.
Mash this sprout with a little salt and rub it on the swollen part.
Masha did not know her parents.
Masha didn't know her parents.
Masha didn’t know her parents.
Masha dreams of starting a revolution, but is quite afraid.
Masha dreams of starting a revolution, but is too shy.
Masha is taking a bath.
Masha prefers coffee without caffeine.
Masha speaks Russian and would like someone to translate her words into Kabyle.
Mashallah!
Mashallah.
Mashed potatoes are often eaten with gravy.
Mashing potatoes with your non-dominant hand is hard, but good practice for becoming ambidextrous.
Mashups often have the energy of shitposts.
Masinissa united all the Berbers during his reign.
Masjid al-Haram is the largest mosque in the world.
Masked men held up the passengers and robbed them of their money.
Masking opinion as fact should be frowned upon.
Masks can’t prevent droplets from getting into your eyes.
Masks have become so popular that some manufacturers make them purely for fashionable use, with no protective function.
Masks must be recycled properly.
Masks should be recycled properly.
Maskwa managed to coax the little girl out of the colonizer's hands.
Maskwa told the pony to giddy-up repeatedly.
Masnsen lives in Khenchela, Algeria.
Mason planted a tree in the yard.
Mass culture is mainly the product of television.
Mass gatherings should be canceled.
Mass immigration enabled the United States to make use of their enormous resources and smash the industrial monopoly of European countries at the end of the nineteenth century.
Mass is "congealed energy."
Mass is a Catholic ceremony of remembering Jesus Christ by eating and drinking.
Mass is a measure of a body's resistance to changes in its state of motion, which depends on the amount of matter it contains.
Mass producing parts via casting is much cheaper than machining them from whole billet.
Mass production lowers the cost of certain goods.
Mass production of steel began in the middle of the nineteenth century.
Mass production reduced the price of many goods.
Mass shooters are usually described as looking calm and collected while carrying out their shootings.
Mass shootings in the United States have become commonplace.
Mass shootings require a high amount of executive function to plan and execute.
Mass strandings occur around the world and can affect anywhere from three to several hundred animals during any given event.
Mass tourism could harm Algeria's unspoiled regions.
Mass-production of building parts allowed for the construction of elaborate, affordable Victorian-style houses throughout the country.
Massachusetts this week became the first state to temporarily ban all retail and online sales of e-cigarettes.
Massage can also help to improve your circulation and flexibility.
Masses of snow transformed the town into a public ski course.
Masseurs use a combination of 28 different types of non-venomous snakes in one 30-minute session.
Massi is a member of the Kabyle parliament.
Massil knows computer science.
Massine hit his sister.
Massinissa founded a new unified kingdom.
Massinissa is a Berber king who united North Africa in the 2nd century BC.
Massinissa is an Amazigh who became king of Tamazgha.
Massinissa is said to have long hair.
Massinissa made Cirta his capital.
Massinissa proved to be a valuable ally to the Romans.
Massinissa unified a tribal and mostly nomadic Numidia.
Massinissa united his kingdom in modern-day Algeria and Tunisia.
Massinissa was a brilliant Berber king.
Massinissa was a king who looked after his people and his culture.
Massinissa was able to maintain his reign for decades.
Massinissa was eventually able to force various Berber tribes into submission.
Massinissa was the most illustrious king of Numidia.
Massinissa's former kingdom became fully absorbed by the Roman Empire.
Massinissa's kingdom began to grow.
Massinissa's kingdom probably had a trade relationship with Iberia.
Massive amounts of carbon dioxide are generated every day.
Massive blazes are kindled by tiny sparks.
Massive cuts to greenhouse gas emissions are urgently required if the world is to avoid catastrophic warming, according to a landmark report from the United Nations’ Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), published Monday.
Massive flames consumed the store.
Massive protests are taking place every week in Algeria.
Massive stars are extremely hot.
Mastectomy is a lifesaving treatment for trans men.
Master Ode, surrounded by the emperor's guards, continued fighting.
Master rang the bell.
Master the subject, the words will come.
Master's degrees in Britain are not very common.
Master, my time is up; I must go home and see my poor mother once more: so pray pay me my wages and let me go.
Master, remember the Athenians.
MasterCard and Visa are accepted.
Masterful gambit, sir.
Mastering Berber takes a really long time.
Mastering English is difficult.
Mastering English isn't always easy.
Mastering French is difficult.
Mastering a foreign language calls for patience.
Mastering a foreign language involves a lot of patience.
Mastering a foreign language is difficult.
Mastering a foreign language isn't easy.
Mastering a foreign language requires a lot of hard work.
Mastering a language is a journey, not a destination.
Mastering a language is easier said than done.
Mastering a language is much easier said than done.
Mastering a language with a different word order is challenging.
Mastering facts patiently is far more necessary for them than learning expressive and critical skills.
Mastering one's own heart is more important than conquering the world.
Mastering science is an ardent wish of our youth.
Masterpieces are but successful attempts.
Masterpieces are only successful attempts.
Mastery is the best goal because the rich can't buy it, the impatient can't rush it, the privileged can't inherit it, and nobody can steal it. You can only earn it through hard work. Mastery is the ultimate status.
Mastitis causes an inflammation of the mammary glands in a cow's udder. The milk from an untreated cow is still relatively safe to drink, but it's full of white blood cells that form unappetizing clots and flakes, and that make the milk go sour more quickly.
Mastodon is a federated free and open-source social network.
Masturbation is doing it with someone you really love.
Masturbation isn't recommended.
Masturbation leads to insanity.
Masuda said he is paying more attention to his health now that he is older.
Masuo can bend spoons.
Mata Hari was intelligent and a polyglot.
Mata-Utu is the capital of Wallis and Futuna.
Match Services' subsidiary company, Match Hospitality, provides hospitality services to corporate interests at the World Cup, including complimentary tickets to various matches.
Match your stride with that of the lion, you will find peace.
Matcha is made by grinding shade-grown tea leaves into a fine powder.
Matcha tea has a rich, earthy flavor.
Matches are not toys for children.
Matchmaking has always been Rima's hobby.
Mate is the ultimate goal of the game and is therefore the ideal ending to any combination.
Mate, that's a bargain.
Mate, this bill is wrong.
Mate, trust me.
Mate, you're the problem.
Mateo is an expert in ancient cartography.
Material conditions are extremely important.
Material from space that makes it to earth can range from incredibly massive meteors to microscopic micrometeorites.
Material possessions don't equate to happiness.
Material standards of living were never higher.
Material used in this book is reproduced from other texts.
Material wealth often goes hand in hand with social deprivation.
Materialism affirms reality.
Materialists and madmen never have doubts.
Materialists explain the origin of the universe and life by attributing everything to the enigmatic explosion of an unbelievable singularity.
Materials using mixtures of nano-materials are being used to make sporting goods like tennis balls and tennis rackets better.
Materials will be provided.
Maternal love is greater than anything else.
Maternal love is the greatest thing.
Maternity nurses, midwives and doctors oversee the birth.
Matey is a lavender faroese sheepdog puppy with aqua blue eyes and a pink nose.
Math and English were my favorite subjects.
Math and physics I like learning, but geography and biology, not especially.
Math and science were invented by humans to describe and understand the world around us.
Math class is easy for me.
Math doesn't suck, you do.
Math has been used to calculate how the Universe formed just before and after the Big Bang.
Math has been used to calculate how would the Universe formation had been just before and after the Big Bang.
Math is Tom's favorite subject.
Math is a bitch.
Math is a good subject.
Math is an easy subject for me.
Math is boring.
Math is fun.
Math is fundamental to any science.
Math is hard for me.
Math is hard.
Math is her favorite subject in school.
Math is his strong point.
Math is its own language.
Math is like love - a simple idea, but it can get complicated.
Math is like love: a simple idea, but it can get complicated.
Math is my favorite subject.
Math is my least favorite subject.
Math is my strong point.
Math is my thing.
Math is one of the subjects that I'm good at.
Math is really difficult.
Math is really hard!
Math is really hard.
Math is the alphabet that God has written the universe with.
Math is the language of the universe.
Math is the last subject that I want to study.
Math is the subject that I want to learn least of all.
Math is very hard.
Math is what I'm best at.
Math isn't Tom's strong suit.
Math isn't exactly my strong suit.
Math isn't my thing.
Math scares me.
Math sucks.
Math tutors will be here from 2:00 PM to 5:00 PM.
Math was created to torture children.
Math was for Tom the least favorite subject at school.
Math was hard for me and I blame it on my math teacher.
Math was never his strength.
Math was never my strength.
Math wasn't Boldi's strong suit.
Mathafeni village about 600 kilometers southwest of Harare is in one of the driest districts in Zimbabwe, but a solar-powered borehole pumps water into a trough where some cattle are drinking.
Mathematical ability isn't my strong suit.
Mathematically speaking, every shuffle of a deck of cards is unique from the beginning of time.
Mathematically, everything's good. But it seems completely improbable to me.
Mathematicians and scientists call a quantity which depends on direction a vector quantity. A quantity which does not depend on direction is called a scalar quantity.
Mathematicians are creative artists, their artwork being sophisticated constructs of ideas and aesthetic proofs.
Mathematicians are creative artists, their artworks being sophisticated constructs of ideas and aesthetic proofs.
Mathematicians are like French people: whatever you tell them they translate it into their own language and turn it into something totally different.
Mathematicians are like some Frenchmen: whatever you say to them they translate into their own language, and forthwith it is something entirely different.
Mathematicians are poets, except that they have to prove what their fantasy creates.
Mathematicians have this in common with the French: whatever you're trying to say to them, they take it and translate it in their own way and turn it around into something completely different.
Mathematicians have this in common with the French: whatever you’re trying to say to them, they take it and translate it in their own way and turn it around into something completely different.
Mathematicians love to prove things.
Mathematics are the foundation of all sciences.
Mathematics has never been my forte.
Mathematics has not a foot to stand upon which is not purely metaphysical.
Mathematics is Albert's favorite subject.
Mathematics is Albert’s favorite subject.
Mathematics is a difficult subject.
Mathematics is a good subject.
Mathematics is a subject which I want to study the least of all.
Mathematics is a superior amusement.
Mathematics is an easy subject for me.
Mathematics is an interesting subject.
Mathematics is as old as Man.
Mathematics is basic to all sciences.
Mathematics is difficult for me.
Mathematics is difficult.
Mathematics is direct and easy.
Mathematics is her weak point.
Mathematics is his best subject.
Mathematics is his strongest subject.
Mathematics is important in daily life.
Mathematics is just a subset of type theory.
Mathematics is like the logic of physics.
Mathematics is more difficult than physics.
Mathematics is more than arithmetic. Scientists, and philosophers throughout history have called it the foundation of all knowledge, and praise its simple beauty.
Mathematics is my favorite subject.
Mathematics is my favourite subject.
Mathematics is not detrimental to the appetite.
Mathematics is not just the memorization of formulas.
Mathematics is not my field, but I still know a little bit about it.
Mathematics is not my strong suit.
Mathematics is not simply the memorisation of formulas.
Mathematics is that branch of science which you could continue to pursue, even if you were to get up in the morning and notice that the universe had disappeared.
Mathematics is the foundation of all exact knowledge of natural phenomena.
Mathematics is the key to unlocking the secrets of nature.
Mathematics is the language of the universe.
Mathematics is the language that God used to create the universe.
Mathematics is the language with which God has written the universe.
Mathematics is the most beautiful and most powerful creation of the human spirit.
Mathematics is the music of reason.
Mathematics is the only good metaphysics.
Mathematics is the part of science you could continue to do if you woke up tomorrow and discovered the universe was gone.
Mathematics is the queen of the sciences.
Mathematics is written for mathematicians.
Mathematics knows no races or geographic boundaries; for mathematics, the cultural world is one country.
Mathematics needs a very intelligent brain.
Mathematics occupied her mind.
Mathematics really isn't my strong point.
Mathematics was his weakest subject at school.
Mathematics was his weakest subject in school.
Mathematics was never my forte.
Mathematics would certainly not have come into existence if one had known from the beginning that there was in nature no exactly straight line, no actual circle, no absolute magnitude.
Matheson says ethnic tensions continue to simmer despite the outward calm.
Mathias and I are at the university together with Helen.
Maths almost cost me my A-levels.
Maths and English were my favourite subjects.
Maths is a good subject.
Maths is boring.
Maths is hard.
Maths is her favourite subject at school.
Maths is my favourite subject.
Maths is my least favourite subject.
Maths is not for me; I prefer to go outside to play football.
Maths is really hard.
Maths is taught on Tuesdays.
Maths is the last subject I'd want to study.
Maths lessons are on Tuesdays.
Maths was Tom's weakest subject at school, but this didn't stop him getting a job as a financial adviser.
Maths was never my strong point.
Maths. Homework's about derivatives, but I really can't seem to cope with it.
Maths. Homework’s about derivatives, but I really can’t seem to cope with it.
Matilda, who herself claimed no title beyond that of “Domina of England,” was queen de jure, and, in a historical view, a monarch of high importance, as the mother of the Plantagenets, and the uniting link of the Anglo-Saxon and Anglo-Norman dynasties.
Matinee movie tickets are cheaper, but it also means getting to the movie theater before noon.
Mating can be more about companionship than reproduction.
Mating season for many bird species is in the springtime.
Mating season for seals typically occurs in the winter months.
Mating season for some bird species can be identified by the bright colors of the males' plumage.
Mating season for some species of bats occurs in the fall.
Mating season for some species of monkeys occurs year-round.
Matisse is a famous painter.
Matoub Lounes and Tahar Djaout died for Algeria.
Matoub Lounes died for Algeria.
Matoub Lounes is a famed Algerian singer.
Matoub Lounes is a true Algerian icon.
Matoub Lounes is an iconic singer in Algeria.
Matoub Lounes is buried in his native village, in Kabylie, Algeria.
Matoub Lounes never betrayed the Berber language cause.
Matoub Lounes never supported the division of Algeria.
Matoub Lounes sang about Algeria.
Matoub Lounes sings in Berber.
Matoub Lounes struggled on behalf of the Berber language.
Matoub Lounes was Algerian.
Matoub Lounes was an Algerian Berber activist.
Matoub Lounes was an Algerian singer and activist.
Matoub Lounes was an Algerian singer from Tizi-Ouzou.
Matoub Lounes was an Algerian singer.
Matoub Lounes' grave is in his native village, in Kabylie, Algeria.
Matoub Lounes, an Algerian singer, rose to fame in the 1980s.
Matoub Lounes, an iconic Algerian singer, is nicknamed as the "Rebel."
Matoub Lounes, an iconic Algerian singer, was assassinated on June 25, 1998.
Matoub Lounès is a Kabyle singer.
Matoub Lounès is a committed Kabyle singer who criticizes dictatorship and Islamism in his songs.
Matoub Lounès is the Kabyle John Lennon.
Matoub Lounès is the symbol of the struggle for freedom and human rights.
Matoub Lwenas paid tribute to Ferhat Imazighen Imula.
Matoub and his wife, Nadia, never had children together.
Matoub came out of the car and said hello to his audience.
Matoub chose to die in Algeria and for Algeria.
Matoub died for Algeria.
Matoub hailed from Kabylie, Algeria.
Matoub has a rich discography.
Matoub knew his life was threatened.
Matoub learned his guitar skills at a young age.
Matoub learned how to tune a guitar and play songs.
Matoub never called for the division of Algeria.
Matoub never retired from music.
Matoub played huge gigs in Algeria.
Matoub rehearsed intensively.
Matoub released albums of quality music.
Matoub released many albums.
Matoub rose to fame in the early 1980s.
Matoub sang about Algeria.
Matoub sang and died for Algeria.
Matoub sang in the Berber language.
Matoub sang political music.
Matoub sang protest music.
Matoub sang songs solely written in Berber.
Matoub spoke the truth.
Matoub usually played solo gigs.
Matoub was a great musician.
Matoub was a musical legend.
Matoub was a prolific artist.
Matoub was a prolific songwriter.
Matoub was a singer.
Matoub was a talented musician.
Matoub was an Algerian singer and songwriter.
Matoub was assassinated in 1998.
Matoub was extremely popular in his native Algeria.
Matoub was kidnapped, then released by terrorists in 1994.
Matoub was never understood politically.
Matoub was one of the most brilliant Algerian singers.
Matoub was one of the most popular singers in Algeria.
Matoub was really humble and polite.
Matoub was so prolific in his songwriting.
Matoub wrote that he wanted his casket to be draped in an Algerian flag.
Matoub's artistic debut was packed with many of his greatest works.
Matoub's legacy remains divisive. You may love him or you may hate him, but surely, you can't ignore him.
Matoub's music was absolutely stunning.
Matoub's political songs were impossible to ignore.
Matoub's songs are aimed at a mature audience.
Matoub's songs were overtly critical of the Algerian government of the 1980s and the 1990s.
Matoub's songs were overtly political.
Matoub's songs were so inspiring.
Matrimony is the attempt of a couple to solve problems they would never have had as singles.
Matrix, Inception and Interstellar are my favorite movies.
Matryoshka dolls, also known as Russian nesting dolls, are iconic symbols of Russian craftsmanship and creativity, capturing the imagination of people worldwide.
Mats of free-floating sargassum, a common seaweed found in the Sargasso Sea, provide shelter and habitat to many animals.
Matsui pulled the Giants back from the brink with a grand slam that gave them a come-from-behind victory.
Matsushita commands respect from its competitors.
Matsutake mushrooms are in season now so they are cheap.
Matt Brown is Rita Lewis's husband.
Matt Dillon stars as Jimmy Cremmins, a swindler who arrives in Phnom Penh on the run, one step ahead of the law.
Matt Kelley, a 23 year-old Korean-Irish American, is one of those who are trying to build multicultural bridges.
Matt Leinart will start for the Buffalo Bills tonight.
Matt Walsh considers the Native American genocide "good and heroic."
Matt Walsh is a pedophile.
Matt Walsh is against taking kids to drag shows.
Matt Walsh is the archnemesis of gender activists.
Matt is Rita's brother-in-law.
Matt is a powerful acquisition for our team.
Matt is such a grumpy sod at the moment.
Matter can be solid, gaseous or liquid.
Matter can exist as a solid, liquid, or gas.
Matter cannot be created or destroyed, but only transformed.
Matter changes its form according to temperature.
Matter is all that which we perceive through our organism.
Matter is also just vibration.
Matter is composed chiefly of nothing.
Matter is made of atoms.
Matter will be damaged in direct proportion to its value.
Matter, you see, disappears; only the spirit remains.
Matters are becoming worse.
Matters are complicated already.
Matters are different now.
Matters are getting worse and worse.
Matters escape him.
Matters escape them.
Matthew Cuthbert, you don't mean to say you think we ought to keep her!
Matthew absolutely hated his parents' room.
Matthew accepted a teaching position.
Matthew added a dash of garlic powder to his chicken parmesan for an extra kick.
Matthew added another log of firewood to keep the fire burning bright.
Matthew added garlic powder to his scrambled eggs for an extra kick.
Matthew admired the intricate designs carved into the wood of the church door.
Matthew almost dropped his crutch.
Matthew always brings a first aid kit when he goes camping.
Matthew always brings his camera on camping trips to capture the beautiful scenery.
Matthew always felt uneasy to talk about his father.
Matthew always had a key on him.
Matthew always kept a jar of garlic powder in his pantry.
Matthew always loved cooking, so his grandmother gave him her old cookbook as a gift.
Matthew always loved to gather with his family around the fireplace during the holidays.
Matthew always makes a grocery list before heading to the store to buy ingredients for his recipes.
Matthew always makes sure to leave his campsite clean when he's done camping.
Matthew always makes sure to read through the recipe before he starts cooking.
Matthew always packs extra batteries for his camping gear, just in case he needs to replace them during his trip.
Matthew always packs his tent and sleeping bag when he goes camping.
Matthew always worked until four.
Matthew and I are such kindred spirits I can read his thoughts without words at all.
Matthew and I have decided to keep you — that is, if you will try to be a good little girl and show yourself grateful.
Matthew and Linda became fast friends.
Matthew and Linda both freaked out together.
Matthew and Linda cried in each other's arms.
Matthew and Linda didn't have much time to hang out.
Matthew and Linda got on the same train.
Matthew and Linda had a bottle war this morning.
Matthew and Linda had a talk outside.
Matthew and Linda hung out all weekend.
Matthew and Linda live under the same roof.
Matthew and Linda mostly talked about very mundane things.
Matthew and Linda nearly collided.
Matthew and Linda spent the rest of the night talking, laughing and sharing stories.
Matthew and Linda started a bottle war.
Matthew and Linda stepped inside together.
Matthew and Linda used to go to school together.
Matthew and Linda were equally to blame for the near-collision.
Matthew and Linda were in the same accident.
Matthew and Linda will meet again.
Matthew and Linda will probably end up together.
Matthew and Marilla don't know anything about children.
Matthew and his family spent the night camping, huddled around the campfire.
Matthew and his friends are planning a camping trip to a nearby national park.
Matthew and his friends are planning to go camping in the desert next spring.
Matthew and his friends cooked dinner over the campfire, savoring the delicious aroma.
Matthew and his friends roasted marshmallows by the campfire during their camping trip.
Matthew and his friends sang songs around the campfire until late into the night.
Matthew and his friends sang songs around the campfire, their voices echoing into the dark forest.
Matthew and his friends sat around the campfire, roasting marshmallows.
Matthew and his friends set up camp and ate some food.
Matthew and his friends spent the weekend in a tent at the music festival.
Matthew and his friends took turns sleeping in the tent and sitting around the campfire.
Matthew and his friends went camping near the lake.
Matthew and his kids love to roast marshmallows over the campfire when camping.
Matthew and his son spent the night in a tent in the backyard as part of their camping practice.
Matthew and his wife sold wool from their sheep at the local farmer's market.
Matthew and his wife went camping for their honeymoon.
Matthew arranged the firewood in the fireplace to get the perfect flame.
Matthew arrived at the apartment.
Matthew asked Linda about the accident.
Matthew asked Linda to leave.
Matthew asked Linda what she wanted.
Matthew ate snails.
Matthew attracted the attention of the people beside him.
Matthew bagged Linda's groceries.
Matthew baked the cake for Linda.
Matthew banned Linda from touching the tractor again.
Matthew began to feel very homesick.
Matthew began to lose weight very swiftly.
Matthew began to master the basics.
Matthew began to rock the empty chair back and forth with his foot.
Matthew began to slam the door at a harsher level.
Matthew began to speak loudly enough that my ears hurt.
Matthew believes that cooking is an art form and that every recipe is an opportunity to create something special.
Matthew believes that cupcakes are the perfect dessert.
Matthew blew out the candles and ate the cake in the kitchen.
Matthew blew out the candles on his birthday cake.
Matthew boarded the car.
Matthew boarded the plane alone.
Matthew boarded the plane with tears in his eyes.
Matthew booked it downstairs.
Matthew bought Linda ice cream to cool down her hot temper.
Matthew bought a new set of cooking utensils made of bamboo wood.
Matthew bought a wool hat to keep his head warm during the cold weather.
Matthew brought a small portable tent for his backpacking trip.
Matthew called Walid horrible names and racial slurs.
Matthew called a friend for help.
Matthew called and called, but Linda didn't answer.
Matthew called his next-door neighbor.
Matthew called the police and told her what happened.
Matthew came across some berry bushes.
Matthew came back earlier that day.
Matthew came running down the hallway.
Matthew came running into the kitchen with a huge grin on his face.
Matthew came to bug the heck out of Linda.
Matthew can find out who the boy with no name is.
Matthew can go on with his life.
Matthew can't fail.
Matthew can't hurt Linda.
Matthew can't remember exactly.
Matthew can't remember what Linda looked like.
Matthew can't remember what breed that dog was.
Matthew carefully selected the pieces of firewood that were dry and suitable for burning.
Matthew changed position to be away from Linda.
Matthew chased Linda around the house.
Matthew chased Linda on her way to her car.
Matthew checked his GPS and he was definitely in the right place.
Matthew chopped some wood for the fireplace.
Matthew chose a book and went upstairs to read.
Matthew closed his eyes tight.
Matthew collected some pieces of wood to build a birdhouse.
Matthew constantly rubbed his leg against Linda's.
Matthew continued watching the video on his phone.
Matthew cooked hot dogs and marshmallows over the campfire.
Matthew could be gone for several weeks at a time.
Matthew could finally get Linda.
Matthew could have seen the hearts in Linda's eyes.
Matthew could hear the kids running through the train car.
Matthew couldn't bring himself to talk.
Matthew couldn't even play the game anymore.
Matthew couldn't exactly leave.
Matthew couldn't find any trace of the guy.
Matthew couldn't identify the source of the light.
Matthew couldn't remember Linda's name.
Matthew couldn't remember anything.
Matthew couldn't rest.
Matthew couldn't see anything properly.
Matthew couldn't wait to tell his family and friends about all the adventures he had had.
Matthew counted his sheep before going to bed to make sure none had wandered off.
Matthew crashed into an apple tree.
Matthew cried for four solid minutes in that tiny bathroom.
Matthew cried for his mother.
Matthew cried on the train ride home.
Matthew decided to stay on the train.
Matthew decorated the mantel above the fireplace with Christmas stockings.
Matthew did not return.
Matthew didn't even ask if Linda's parents were home.
Matthew didn't experience that again.
Matthew didn't get a response.
Matthew didn't get lose on purpose.
Matthew didn't get visitors.
Matthew didn't have a dad.
Matthew didn't hear the entire message.
Matthew didn't hear the message right.
Matthew didn't know any better.
Matthew didn't know what Linda intended to do.
Matthew didn't need to speak Berber to hear Linda's anger.
Matthew didn't really want to take Linda seriously.
Matthew didn't see Linda's email.
Matthew didn't seem to give a fudge.
Matthew didn't smile back.
Matthew didn't stop teasing Linda.
Matthew didn't want Linda to follow him home.
Matthew doesn't eat this.
Matthew doesn't have a carpet.
Matthew doesn't know the way around yet.
Matthew doesn't really remember why.
Matthew downloaded Minecraft today.
Matthew dragged Linda out of the elevator.
Matthew dreaded all women except Marilla and Mrs. Rachel; he had an uncomfortable feeling that the mysterious creatures were secretly laughing at him.
Matthew dreams of one day opening his own cupcake bakery.
Matthew drew Linda from memory.
Matthew eats bacon and eggs at breakfast.
Matthew ended up in a totally different city.
Matthew engaged in tax avoidance.
Matthew enjoyed camping in the forest with his family and friends.
Matthew enjoyed telling stories around the campfire, captivating his audience.
Matthew enjoys baking cupcakes with his friends on the weekends.
Matthew enjoys cooking meals over a campfire.
Matthew enjoys modifying recipes to suit his own taste.
Matthew enjoys roasting marshmallows over the campfire.
Matthew enjoys taking photographs of the birds that visit his birdhouse.
Matthew enjoys the peace and quiet of nature when he's camping.
Matthew entered without knocking again.
Matthew even dreamt that him and Linda met and fell in love.
Matthew even started to collect other cookbooks, but the first one his grandmother gave him remained his favorite.
Matthew even started to experiment with the recipes in the old cookbook, adding his own twists and flavors to create unique dishes.
Matthew eventually learn to cool his temper.
Matthew expected to reach Algiers around four pm.
Matthew explained the situation.
Matthew explored some art museums.
Matthew feels completely safe now.
Matthew feels more alive and energized after a weekend of camping.
Matthew feels safe now.
Matthew fell asleep to the gentle crackling of the campfire, feeling safe and secure.
Matthew fell, too.
Matthew felt a sense of accomplishment as he sat next to the fire he had built with the firewood he gathered.
Matthew felt a sense of awe whenever he looked up at the tall trees in the forest.
Matthew felt a sense of belonging whenever he was in the forest.
Matthew felt a sense of camaraderie with his fellow campers as they gathered wood for the campfire.
Matthew felt he was about to pass out from mental exhaustion.
Matthew felt like a baby.
Matthew felt like he was in a crazy house.
Matthew felt refreshed and invigorated, ready to take on whatever challenges life had in store for him.
Matthew felt so bad about himself.
Matthew felt so foolish for not telling Linda the truth.
Matthew felt so unsafe.
Matthew felt the warmth of the campfire on his face as he stared into the flames.
Matthew figured he couldn't really do anything.
Matthew finally came.
Matthew finally found Linda on a dating site.
Matthew finally fucked off.
Matthew finally realized what had happened.
Matthew finds Linda interesting and beautiful.
Matthew fixed the leaky faucet.
Matthew flew all the way to Algeria.
Matthew followed the recipe in the cookbook exactly, and the apple pie turned out perfectly.
Matthew followed the recipe step by step to ensure he didn't miss any ingredients or instructions.
Matthew follows all the rules.
Matthew found Linda in her study.
Matthew found Linda there, waiting for him.
Matthew found Linda's door.
Matthew found a break in the trees with enough space to fit the truck through.
Matthew found a snail shell.
Matthew found the guy there still.
Matthew froze and didn't move a muscle.
Matthew gathered some logs and kindling for the campfire.
Matthew gathered sticks and logs to build a campfire.
Matthew gave Linda a hard time at school.
Matthew gave Linda a real scary look.
Matthew gave Linda a small smile.
Matthew gave his hair a quick brush.
Matthew gave his parents big hugs.
Matthew gave lessons to his little cousin each week.
Matthew got a call from a random number.
Matthew got a chill at that moment.
Matthew got a really bad feeling.
Matthew got an order for a pizza, finally.
Matthew got bored and left.
Matthew got in legal trouble.
Matthew got safely inside the cabin.
Matthew got safely inside the store.
Matthew got the wrong end of the stick.
Matthew got very quiet as well.
Matthew grabbed Linda's phone and smashed it on the floor, breaking it into pieces.
Matthew grabbed the phone out of Linda's hand. The moment he said hello, Dan hung up.
Matthew grabbed the rifle out of Linda's hands.
Matthew graduated from university.
Matthew grew up on a lovely farm in Kabylie, Algeria.
Matthew had a 2014 Jeep Wrangler.
Matthew had a key on him.
Matthew had a large dog.
Matthew had a lot of undiagnosed mental health issues.
Matthew had a special bond with his sheep and could often be found sitting in the pasture with them.
Matthew had a tent made of canvas that he inherited from his grandfather.
Matthew had a tent with a built-in rainfly to protect him from the rain.
Matthew had a very fancy guitar.
Matthew had a very short temper.
Matthew had forty years to explain that, but he never did.
Matthew had gone to work hours earlier.
Matthew had his stuffed animals lined up.
Matthew had his way with Linda in a ditch.
Matthew had mental health issues.
Matthew had no clue what to do.
Matthew had no idea what Linda's plan was.
Matthew had no mercy on anyone.
Matthew had pronounced biceps.
Matthew had the best life.
Matthew had to blink constantly in order to see in the heavy rain.
Matthew had to drive extremely slowly.
Matthew had to really make an effort to get to that area.
Matthew had to straighten out his relationship with his girlfriend after a big argument.
Matthew had to straighten out the papers on his desk before he could begin working.
Matthew has a bag of mini marshmallows that he likes to snack on during movie nights.
Matthew has a collection of recipe books from all over the world.
Matthew has a lot of experience with camping in different weather conditions.
Matthew has already asked the staff to prepare a room for Linda.
Matthew has become an expert at identifying different bird species thanks to his birdhouse.
Matthew has been following Linda for the last four weeks.
Matthew has been learning Spanish for four years already, but he still can't manage to say even one correct sentence.
Matthew has been working in Algeria.
Matthew has got scissors.
Matthew has nearly forgotten all about his encounter with Bigfoot.
Matthew has never been much of an outdoor person.
Matthew has never heard Linda's dog bark before.
Matthew has never lived in another country before.
Matthew has never seen his dog get aggressive with anyone.
Matthew has only slept for about an hour.
Matthew has seen those teenagers earlier.
Matthew has to follow the rules.
Matthew hasn't been sleeping.
Matthew hasn't eaten in days.
Matthew hasn't thought about that for a while now.
Matthew hasn't thought about that part.
Matthew hated heights.
Matthew heard a knock on the door.
Matthew heard a loud smack on his window.
Matthew heard a loud whisper from the outside.
Matthew heard some logs falling down.
Matthew heard what sounded like someone laughing.
Matthew held on quite tightly to his backpack.
Matthew helped Linda to snuck up into his room.
Matthew helped Linda when she had nothing.
Matthew hired a guy from a Hollywood show to perform for Linda's birthday.
Matthew hired a new farmhand to help him care for his growing flock of sheep.
Matthew hit his head.
Matthew immediately cried and told Linda everything.
Matthew instantly knew that this was not a good idea.
Matthew invited Linda back to his apartment.
Matthew invited Linda inside.
Matthew is a fourteen-year-old-boy and should be able to handle himself.
Matthew is a secular Christian.
Matthew is already packing for his upcoming camping trip.
Matthew is always on the lookout for new and interesting recipes to try.
Matthew is an expert at starting a fire when camping.
Matthew is away from the comfort of everything he knew.
Matthew is being stalked.
Matthew is drooling again.
Matthew is excited to try out his new camping gear on his next trip.
Matthew is getting up in years, you know—he's sixty—and he isn't so spry as he once was.
Matthew is in a coma and might never wake up.
Matthew is in a coma.
Matthew is looking for Linda's grandmother.
Matthew is never late.
Matthew is not gonna eat you.
Matthew is now fourteen.
Matthew is planning a camping trip with his friends next weekend.
Matthew is playing with the farm animals.
Matthew is ready to check out.
Matthew is soon to be married; he will make a very handsome bridegroom.
Matthew is still being stalked.
Matthew is still the only boy Linda has ever loved.
Matthew is the boy from the house opposite.
Matthew is the man he has always been.
Matthew is waiting for his grandson.
Matthew jumped and saved Linda.
Matthew jumped back inside the train.
Matthew jumped out of bed.
Matthew just recently came to Algeria.
Matthew just wanted to be friends.
Matthew kept drinking.
Matthew kept on talking so loudly that he was impossible to ignore.
Matthew kept watch on Linda.
Matthew kind of remembers a little.
Matthew kissed Linda, then pulled away and looked into her eyes.
Matthew kissed Linda. Just then, the sky exploded with fireworks.
Matthew knew Linda had a house key on her.
Matthew knew exactly what he was shooting at.
Matthew knew he had a problem.
Matthew knew immediately he was in danger.
Matthew knew that as long as he had his beloved cookbook, he would always be able to create delicious meals and bring joy to his loved ones.
Matthew knew that he would need to gather more firewood in the morning to last through the day.
Matthew knew where Linda went to school.
Matthew knew where Linda worked.
Matthew knocked on Linda's door.
Matthew knocked on Linda's window to wake her up.
Matthew laid a few of his things down there.
Matthew leaned back into his seat.
Matthew learned how to spin wool into yarn from his grandmother.
Matthew led Linda further and further away from the populated downtown area.
Matthew left Linda's mansion.
Matthew left a huge handprint on Linda's window.
Matthew left and Linda was sad.
Matthew left everything he knew behind.
Matthew left himself four thousand dinars.
Matthew left the book he has been reading for Linda in the hospital closet.
Matthew left the country alone.
Matthew left the table.
Matthew let his dog out.
Matthew liked that he was mostly to himself.
Matthew likes to challenge himself by trying difficult recipes.
Matthew likes to decorate his cupcakes with edible flowers and glitter.
Matthew likes to eat marshmallows straight out of the bag.
Matthew likes to make s'mores with marshmallows, chocolate, and graham crackers.
Matthew likes to watch the stars at night when camping.
Matthew lived in a very old mansion.
Matthew lived in public housing.
Matthew lived on a dead-end road.
Matthew lives a very disciplined life.
Matthew lives by a set of complex rules.
Matthew lives in a very small town in the north of Algeria.
Matthew locked all the doors that night.
Matthew looked at Linda like he wanted to kill her.
Matthew looked at Linda's ticket.
Matthew looked at Linda, confused.
Matthew looked at all the drawings.
Matthew looked like he was sleeping.
Matthew looked super busy.
Matthew looked towards his dog.
Matthew looked very weak.
Matthew looks crazy.
Matthew loved the feel of the soft wool under his fingertips.
Matthew loved the smell of the pine trees in the forest.
Matthew loved to hike through the dense forest near his home.
Matthew loved to listen to the birds singing in the forest.
Matthew loved to sketch and paint the landscapes he saw in the forest.
Matthew loved to take his dog for walks in the forest.
Matthew loves adding extra parmesan cheese to his chicken parmesan for an even cheesier taste.
Matthew loves birdwatching and has built a beautiful birdhouse in his backyard.
Matthew loves camping and is looking forward to pitching his tent in the woods.
Matthew loves camping in the mountains.
Matthew loves spending time with Linda.
Matthew loves the great outdoors, which is why he enjoys going on camping trips.
Matthew loves the sense of freedom and adventure that comes with camping, and his trusty camping gear allows him to fully enjoy the experience.
Matthew loves to cook and experiment with new recipes in the kitchen.
Matthew loves to eat cupcakes for breakfast.
Matthew loves to go camping.
Matthew loves to go gather wood for the campfire.
Matthew loves to share his recipes with his friends and family.
Matthew loves to spend his weekends in the great outdoors, so he always makes sure he has his camping gear packed and ready to go.
Matthew made a break for it.
Matthew made a good point.
Matthew made a professional cake.
Matthew made a promise to Linda.
Matthew mastered the Algerian public transportation.
Matthew melted chocolate over the campfire to make s'mores.
Matthew menacingly disclosed the fact that he had been watching Linda for a while now.
Matthew met Linda's sister and her daughter, Farida.
Matthew might need a bit of help, I guess.
Matthew missed his cozy bedroom.
Matthew moved to Algiers from Tunisia in 1940.
Matthew moved to Algiers from Tunisia.
Matthew moved to another country for work.
Matthew needed a study buddy.
Matthew needed immediate help.
Matthew needed to go back toward downtown.
Matthew needed to straighten out his sleep schedule after staying up late for several nights in a row.
Matthew needs to learn to adjust.
Matthew needs to learn to compromise.
Matthew never came here.
Matthew never ever tried to smile.
Matthew never felt more terrified in his life.
Matthew never saw that happen.
Matthew never sets foot outside the mansion unless it's for school.
Matthew never sleeps by windows.
Matthew never slept alone.
Matthew never took his eyes off the man.
Matthew nickname wasn't very original, but it stuck.
Matthew nodded knowingly.
Matthew noticed that Linda had seen him.
Matthew noticed that some of the firewood he had gathered was still slightly damp and harder to burn.
Matthew noticed the dirty curtain on the door window.
Matthew often brings a bag of marshmallows on camping trips.
Matthew often went on long runs through the forest, enjoying the fresh air and natural scenery.
Matthew one of Dan's worst bullies in school.
Matthew only has family outings on Thursday.
Matthew only visited us during Yennayer.
Matthew opened the curtains.
Matthew opened the door just a bit.
Matthew ordered his coffee.
Matthew owed Linda for saving his dog.
Matthew passed out altogether.
Matthew passed over the Algerian border.
Matthew peeked out the curtain.
Matthew picked Linda up at the airport.
Matthew picked up a flue in Casablanca.
Matthew played his guitar by the campfire, providing a cozy atmosphere.
Matthew pointed the gun at Linda and grinned.
Matthew pointed to an elderly lady and said she was his grandmother.
Matthew preferred to use fresh garlic, but sometimes garlic powder was more convenient.
Matthew prefers camping in the great outdoors to staying at a campsite.
Matthew prefers camping in the wilderness to staying in a campground.
Matthew prefers to camp in the great outdoors rather than stay at a campsite.
Matthew prepared for the long ride.
Matthew preyed on girls.
Matthew produced a large knife.
Matthew produced his ticket.
Matthew projects his insecurities onto Linda.
Matthew pulled out his phone.
Matthew pulled out the scissors from behind his back.
Matthew put himself in a bit of danger by doing this.
Matthew put his arm around Linda and they watched the sunset.
Matthew put his hand on Linda's and kissed her.
Matthew put out the campfire before leaving the campsite, making sure to follow fire safety guidelines.
Matthew put the bouquet in the dining room.
Matthew put the scissors in the waist of his pants.
Matthew raced over to where Linda was right away.
Matthew ran away from the bathroom.
Matthew ran home as fast as he could.
Matthew ran into the room.
Matthew ran off in the other direction.
Matthew ran to check on Linda.
Matthew ran to the door.
Matthew ran up to Linda and pointed his rifle at her.
Matthew reached for Linda's hand.
Matthew reached into his bag and started fumbling about.
Matthew reached out and grabbed Linda's arm.
Matthew reacted totally on instinct.
Matthew read a lot about flirting.
Matthew read to his sister.
Matthew realized he had been wrong the whole time.
Matthew realized he needed to straighten out his finances and start saving for his future.
Matthew realized that all the stories Linda had told about Walid were true.
Matthew realized the stalemate.
Matthew really didn't share his dating life with his parents.
Matthew really wanted to get to know his dad.
Matthew really wants to get to know his dad.
Matthew recorded this about four times.
Matthew refrigerates his eggs here.
Matthew refused to give up his wool sweater, even though it had a small hole in the elbow.
Matthew remembers the accident that happened here years ago.
Matthew returned home at night.
Matthew returned home early that night.
Matthew returned home to the farm.
Matthew returned to Linda's apartment.
Matthew said "happy birthday" to Linda in Berber.
Matthew said he didn't have time for girls.
Matthew sat and ate.
Matthew sat by the fireplace, sipping his hot cocoa and reading a book.
Matthew sat down across from Linda.
Matthew sat in a seat comfortably near the window.
Matthew sat in quiet contemplation, watching the embers of the campfire slowly fade away.
Matthew sat on a stool.
Matthew sat on his bed to eat.
Matthew sat on the roof and Linda sat beside him.
Matthew saved Linda's life when she fell.
Matthew saved Linda's sister's life.
Matthew saw Linda as more than a friend.
Matthew saw Linda at John's funeral.
Matthew saw Linda's face like a million times on TV.
Matthew saw a man there with a knife.
Matthew saw a strange man looking directly at his window.
Matthew saw his dad talking to his grandma in the living room.
Matthew saw the man sitting in front of him.
Matthew saw what Linda was doing to Walid.
Matthew screamed all the way home.
Matthew seemed interesting enough.
Matthew seemed like a pretty normal guy.
Matthew served a sentence for murder.
Matthew set the camera and tripod up.
Matthew shears his sheep every spring to keep their wool from getting too long.
Matthew shook Linda awake.
Matthew shook the bottle at Linda.
Matthew shouldn't do that, technically.
Matthew shouted that he knew Linda was home.
Matthew showed Linda his book of drawings.
Matthew showed Linda how to lock and unlock the pepper spray.
Matthew showed his dog in the back of the car.
Matthew shut the curtains.
Matthew simply stood there in the rain, watching Linda.
Matthew sings in Berber.
Matthew slammed the Bud on the counter.
Matthew slipped off into the woods.
Matthew slowly opened the door.
Matthew slowly walked towards the door.
Matthew sounded like he had been crying.
Matthew speaks Berber really quickly.
Matthew sped away.
Matthew sped up as much as he could.
Matthew spends hours sitting by his birdhouse, observing the different species that visit.
Matthew spent a lot of time home alone.
Matthew spent hours flipping through the cookbook, reading the recipes and imagining how they would taste.
Matthew spent hours researching the best tent for his upcoming camping trip.
Matthew spent many nights writing by the fireplace, inspired by its warmth and ambiance.
Matthew spent most of that time playing video games.
Matthew spent the night on the couch.
Matthew sprinkled garlic powder on his homemade pizza.
Matthew sprinted out of Linda's backyard.
Matthew squeezed Linda's thigh.
Matthew stacked the firewood in a neat pile next to the fire pit.
Matthew stacked the logs of wood neatly against the wall.
Matthew started answering Linda's questions.
Matthew started being a lot more cautious.
Matthew started telling Linda about his brother.
Matthew started throwing all the bottles over the wall.
Matthew started to feel sick to his stomach.
Matthew started to get very nervous because of that.
Matthew started to push his leg against Linda's.
Matthew started to talk to Linda like he knew her.
Matthew started visiting Linda every day.
Matthew started whispering to himself that it was not real.
Matthew stayed with his grandpa for the summer.
Matthew steered right into an apple tree.
Matthew stoked the campfire to keep the flames alive.
Matthew stopped and looked around.
Matthew stopped asking his mom about his dad.
Matthew stopped at the next station.
Matthew stopped hearing the scrunching in the snow behind him.
Matthew stopped the video he had been watching.
Matthew suddenly appeared out of nowhere.
Matthew suffered from extreme anxiety.
Matthew suffered from social awkwardness.
Matthew surprised his girlfriend with a cupcake bouquet for Valentine's Day.
Matthew takes care of his grandmother every day.
Matthew takes great pride in maintaining his birdhouse and keeping it clean.
Matthew takes time to get used to people.
Matthew thinks that cupcakes are the best way to satisfy his sweet tooth.
Matthew thinks that the perfect cupcake should be moist and flavorful.
Matthew threw a bucket of cold water all over Linda.
Matthew threw pine cones into the campfire, which crackled and popped.
Matthew told Linda to lock the doors and go to sleep.
Matthew took Linda to a gorgeous park overlooking the city.
Matthew took a train in the direction of his home.
Matthew took his coat off and walked into his room.
Matthew traveled for work so much.
Matthew tried an Algerian dish he had never heard about before.
Matthew tried to appear calm.
Matthew tried to climb through the window.
Matthew tried to enjoy the experience to the best of his ability.
Matthew tried to get up again.
Matthew tried to ignore the knock.
Matthew tried to push the thoughts away.
Matthew tried to sober up.
Matthew tripped a girl who called him something silly.
Matthew turned and stared at Linda.
Matthew understands me, and it's so nice to be understood.
Matthew used a firestarter to light the campfire quickly and easily.
Matthew used a stick to stir the embers of the campfire before going to bed.
Matthew used a wood plane to smooth out the rough edges of the board.
Matthew used fresh basil leaves to garnish his chicken parmesan for a pop of color.
Matthew used to be a control freak.
Matthew uses that area as his spiritual retreat.
Matthew visited Algiers first.
Matthew visited eastern and central Algeria.
Matthew visited new places.
Matthew waited until Linda was close enough to be in sight.
Matthew walked down the corridor.
Matthew walked past.
Matthew walks to most places he visits.
Matthew wanted Linda to come back with him to Algeria.
Matthew wanted to back out of the trip.
Matthew wanted to get to know his daughter.
Matthew wanted to go for a walk around the city.
Matthew wanted to start afresh.
Matthew was a good listener.
Matthew was absolutely doubfounded by what he had just seen.
Matthew was acting as nonchalant as he could.
Matthew was acting so strange.
Matthew was actually very cute.
Matthew was all about trying new things.
Matthew was also from Algeria.
Matthew was always careful not to litter in the forest and respected the environment.
Matthew was amazed at how different the world looked from the air.
Matthew was annoyed by that group of teenagers.
Matthew was approached by a well-spoken and nicely-dressed Algerian man.
Matthew was banging on the door.
Matthew was becoming the person he was meant to be.
Matthew was blocking Linda's only exit and entrance.
Matthew was born at the very start of summer.
Matthew was chatting with Linda for what seemed like an eternity.
Matthew was clearly upset.
Matthew was confessing his feelings.
Matthew was dancing alone.
Matthew was doing OK.
Matthew was excited to go on his first camping trip.
Matthew was excited to see that the Italian restaurant had chicken parmesan on their lunch menu.
Matthew was extremely terrified.
Matthew was extremely thin.
Matthew was falling more and more in love with Linda.
Matthew was focused on his phone and didn't pay much attention to Linda.
Matthew was following Linda steadily.
Matthew was getting better at Berber.
Matthew was going back to the train station.
Matthew was going to be all alone.
Matthew was hallucinating.
Matthew was happy to finally be able to go home.
Matthew was holding an unlabeled bottle.
Matthew was home for Yennayer.
Matthew was hurt.
Matthew was in charge of starting the campfire, and he did a great job.
Matthew was in love with Linda's sister.
Matthew was in the driver's seat.
Matthew was in the living room, doing his homework on the couch.
Matthew was in the neighborhood and wanted to stop by.
Matthew was innocently presenting his show.
Matthew was just being a normal kid.
Matthew was just being dramatic.
Matthew was kind and wonderful.
Matthew was longing for love.
Matthew was looking at Linda with a huge smile on his face.
Matthew was looking directly at Linda's room.
Matthew was looking really intensely right at Linda.
Matthew was mentally exhausted.
Matthew was never comfortable with the idea.
Matthew was not the same person he was before.
Matthew was on his way to Algeria.
Matthew was one of the people who were stalking Linda.
Matthew was out of things to talk about.
Matthew was particularly tired that night.
Matthew was passed out.
Matthew was playing games in his room.
Matthew was pleasantly surprised with how easy the recipe was to follow.
Matthew was proud of his sheep and the hard work that went into raising them.
Matthew was rambling.
Matthew was ready to explore Algiers, this new and large city.
Matthew was rebellious.
Matthew was reduced to tears.
Matthew was rubbing his hands over his thighs.
Matthew was sad to leave Linda.
Matthew was scared Linda was going to break the glass and jump right at his neck.
Matthew was screaming obscenities.
Matthew was severely visually impaired.
Matthew was singing a song in Berber.
Matthew was sitting there, watching.
Matthew was so busy with swim practice.
Matthew was so happy that he had a cousin and an aunt like you.
Matthew was so happy to hear Linda's voice.
Matthew was so scared to break Dad's rules.
Matthew was standing at Linda's door with a plate of sandwiches.
Matthew was standing by the stairs with Linda.
Matthew was standing there with his dog.
Matthew was starting to crave adventure.
Matthew was staying with his best friend.
Matthew was still angry with Linda.
Matthew was still following Linda, but she tried to remain calm.
Matthew was still out there, waiting by the ice machine.
Matthew was still too hurt to work.
Matthew was still too shy to talk to anyone, especially girls.
Matthew was stuck at home, feeling terrorized.
Matthew was summoned back to his base in Tennessee.
Matthew was supposed to be here ages ago.
Matthew was talking to the boy with no name.
Matthew was terrified of leaving home.
Matthew was the only person in that car.
Matthew was there alone, with no one to talk to him all day.
Matthew was thrilled to find a restaurant that serves the best chicken parmesan in town.
Matthew was throwing his trash over Linda's wall.
Matthew was too fat.
Matthew was too little to understand what was going on.
Matthew was totally exhausted.
Matthew was trying to climb through the window.
Matthew was trying to distract Linda.
Matthew was trying to sell a carpet cleaner.
Matthew was tugging so hard on the leash.
Matthew was unfit to fight, but he was mobilized anyways.
Matthew was waiting there for Linda.
Matthew was walking home.
Matthew was walking up Linda's driveway.
Matthew was walking way too close beside Linda.
Matthew was watching some YouTube videos.
Matthew was watching the strange man as closely as he could.
Matthew was with Linda inside.
Matthew was with his four siblings.
Matthew wasn't doing anything anyways.
Matthew wasn't going to answer the door.
Matthew wasn't so easily persuaded to leave his comfort zone.
Matthew wasn't supposed to let Linda visit Walid.
Matthew wasn't welcoming.
Matthew watched Linda sleep.
Matthew went camping for a week and disconnected from technology.
Matthew went inside and got dry.
Matthew went into the car.
Matthew went into the forest to gather firewood for the campfire.
Matthew went out exploring into the woods.
Matthew went out to get some groceries.
Matthew went to Bright River. We're getting a little boy from an orphan asylum in Nova Scotia and he's coming on the train tonight.
Matthew went to New York City, the Big Apple.
Matthew went to bed not long after.
Matthew went to set up the tent.
Matthew went to the bathroom for a minute to splash some water on his face.
Matthew went to the market and bought a bunch of food.
Matthew will be home alone.
Matthew will come and help Linda.
Matthew will eat what we eat.
Matthew will have to leave now.
Matthew will see Linda's mom.
Matthew will take care of Linda's dog until then.
Matthew wished he traveled more when he was younger.
Matthew woke his dad up quietly.
Matthew woke up much earlier than everyone else.
Matthew woke up to the sound of knocking.
Matthew won't allow us to leave the gates without adult supervision.
Matthew won't have to do any work.
Matthew won't let Linda go.
Matthew wore a wool sweater to keep himself warm in the chilly weather.
Matthew wore his favorite wool sweater to stay warm on the chilly autumn evening.
Matthew wore ripped overalls.
Matthew would never knock. He had a house key on him.
Matthew wouldn't be able to take Linda home as usual.
Matthew wouldn't shut up the whole way home.
Matthew's anxiety was awful.
Matthew's apartment was on the first floor.
Matthew's aunt knitted him a wool scarf for his birthday.
Matthew's bedroom window was wide open.
Matthew's bicycle was out of sight from the living room.
Matthew's birdhouse has a red roof and is made of wood.
Matthew's birdhouse has attracted a variety of birds, including blue jays and chickadees.
Matthew's birdhouse is the centerpiece of his backyard garden.
Matthew's bullies tried to force Walid into a fight with Dan.
Matthew's camping gear also includes a durable backpack, which he uses to carry all of his supplies and equipment.
Matthew's camping gear also includes a high-quality first-aid kit, which he keeps stocked with all the essentials.
Matthew's camping gear also includes a reliable headlamp, which he uses for navigating his campsite at night.
Matthew's camping gear collection also includes a portable solar panel, which allows him to charge his phone and other devices while in the great outdoors.
Matthew's camping gear collection includes a variety of cooking utensils, such as a spatula, tongs, and a large pot.
Matthew's camping gear collection includes a variety of tools, such as a multi-tool, hatchet, and folding saw.
Matthew's camping gear included a tent, sleeping bag, and camping stove.
Matthew's camping gear includes a backpack, camping stove, and a water filter.
Matthew's camping trip last year was cut short due to a sudden storm.
Matthew's camping trips always leave him feeling refreshed and recharged.
Matthew's cheeks got so red.
Matthew's children love to help him in the kitchen when he is cooking a recipe.
Matthew's children loved trying out the recipes in the cookbook, just like their dad had done.
Matthew's cookbook became a cherished possession, filled with memories of all the delicious meals he had made.
Matthew's cursing was actually getting to us.
Matthew's curtains were seethrough.
Matthew's dad always said, "You can't go wrong with chicken parmesan for dinner."
Matthew's dad beat him with a switch.
Matthew's dad bought him a cupcake cookbook for his birthday.
Matthew's dad slept in the bed with him.
Matthew's daughter is gorgeous.
Matthew's demeanor instantly changed.
Matthew's demeanor started to slowly change.
Matthew's dog curled up next to him by the campfire, enjoying the warmth.
Matthew's dog lost her leg.
Matthew's dog loved all animals and people.
Matthew's dog loved to curl up by the fireplace and nap.
Matthew's dog never nibbed at anyone.
Matthew's dog once stole a bag of marshmallows off the kitchen counter and ate them all.
Matthew's dog sat next to him, contentedly warming itself by the campfire.
Matthew's dog started barking loudly.
Matthew's dog started to bark loudly.
Matthew's dog tried to attack that guy.
Matthew's dog was barking and jumping about.
Matthew's dog was barking at something.
Matthew's dog was snarling.
Matthew's dog watched the robber vigilantly.
Matthew's dog, Rocky, loves to steal cupcakes off the kitchen counter.
Matthew's entire body was overtaken by instinct.
Matthew's eyes practically popped out of his head.
Matthew's face dropped.
Matthew's family roasted marshmallows and told ghost stories around the campfire.
Matthew's family was complete and he was so happy.
Matthew's father built the fireplace himself, using stones he found in the nearby forest.
Matthew's father taught him how to build a campfire when he was just a boy.
Matthew's father taught him how to split wood with an ax when he was young.
Matthew's favorite camping activity is hiking.
Matthew's favorite cupcake flavor is chocolate.
Matthew's favorite cupcake shop closed down, and he was devastated.
Matthew's favorite dish is chicken parmesan, which he could eat every day.
Matthew's favorite part of a cupcake is the frosting.
Matthew's favorite part of any camping trip is sitting around the campfire at night.
Matthew's favorite recipe is his grandmother's secret recipe for chocolate cake.
Matthew's favorite snack was popcorn seasoned with garlic powder and grated parmesan cheese.
Matthew's favorite way to eat marshmallows is in s'mores ice cream.
Matthew's friend accidentally set a marshmallow on fire while trying to toast it.
Matthew's friends always request he brings his homemade chicken parmesan to potlucks.
Matthew's friends and family loved his cooking.
Matthew's friends gathered around the fireplace, sharing stories and laughter on a chilly autumn evening.
Matthew's friends huddled around the campfire and shared stories.
Matthew's friends often ask him for his recipe for his famous lasagna.
Matthew's front door wouldn't even lock.
Matthew's girlfriend cuddled up next to him by the fireplace, watching the snow fall outside.
Matthew's girlfriend surprised him with a romantic dinner of chicken parmesan and candlelight.
Matthew's grandfather used to carve beautiful sculptures out of wood.
Matthew's grandma taught him how to make chicken parmesan when he was a child, and it's been his favorite dish ever since.
Matthew's grandmother used to knit woolen sweaters for him when he was a child.
Matthew's grandmother used to tell him stories by the fireplace when he was a child.
Matthew's heart broke into a million pieces.
Matthew's heart skipped a bit when he saw a soldier peeking into his room.
Matthew's heart was beating out of his chest.
Matthew's homemade croutons were seasoned with garlic powder and herbs.
Matthew's homemade garlic bread was made with garlic powder and butter.
Matthew's lips were so soft.
Matthew's little cousin always requests that he bring cupcakes to family gatherings.
Matthew's mansion was a very freaky place to sleep.
Matthew's marinade recipe included soy sauce, garlic powder, and ginger.
Matthew's mom bakes him cupcakes for his birthday every year.
Matthew's mom is not that bad.
Matthew's mom likes to make rice crispy treats with marshmallows.
Matthew's mother bought a wool carpet for the living room.
Matthew's mother taught him how to cook and gave him his first recipe book when he was 10 years old.
Matthew's mouth watered as he smelled the aroma of chicken parmesan cooking in the oven.
Matthew's parents got home.
Matthew's parents took him on his first camping trip when he was just six years old.
Matthew's parents walked in, saying that we were all going out for dinner.
Matthew's parents were able to straighten out his behavior issues with the help of a child psychologist.
Matthew's parents will be home soon.
Matthew's pasta dish tasted even better with a dash of garlic powder.
Matthew's phone was right next to him.
Matthew's plan was working.
Matthew's recipe for potato salad is a family favorite.
Matthew's recipe for spaghetti bolognese is always a hit with his dinner guests.
Matthew's room had a window that faced into the backyard.
Matthew's room was directly across from his parents' room.
Matthew's secret ingredient in his meatball recipe was garlic powder.
Matthew's senses finally woke up to make him realize that there was something really wrong with that man.
Matthew's sheep were a valuable source of income for his family and community.
Matthew's sheep were always well-fed and healthy thanks to his careful management.
Matthew's sheep were especially fond of grazing on the sweet grass near the river.
Matthew's short articles get straight to the point.
Matthew's shy face was a glow of delight.
Matthew's siblings were three and four, respectively.
Matthew's sister is a vegan, so she makes vegan cupcakes for him to try.
Matthew's sister loves to make homemade marshmallows.
Matthew's soup recipe included garlic powder and thyme for a savory flavor.
Matthew's stir-fry sauce recipe included garlic powder, sesame oil, and soy sauce.
Matthew's study-abroad semester wrapped up.
Matthew's teacher brought cupcakes to class for everyone to enjoy.
Matthew's tent was bright orange, making it easy to spot in a crowded campground.
Matthew's tent was his favorite piece of camping gear, and he never went on a trip without it.
Matthew's train was almost empty.
Matthew's voice lowered.
Matthew's wife was impressed with how delicious the recipe turned out.
Matthew's windows were really big.
Matthew's wool sweater had a loose fit that made it easy to layer over other clothing items.
Matthew's wool sweater had a simple style that made it versatile and suitable for any occasion.
Matthew's wool sweater smelled so sweet, thanks to the lavender sachet he kept in his closet.
Matthew's wool sweater was his go-to attire for casual weekend outings with friends.
Matthew, hastily summoned from the harvest field, was straightway dispatched for the doctor.
Matthew, with a suspicious moisture in his eyes, got up and went out-of-doors.
Matthys is proud to grow what he calls the "peppermint and spearmint that help flavor the world."
Mattie told Oliver he would have a new sister soon.
Mattie told me that you told her that I was planning to quit school.
Mature is better.
Mature medlars are astringent but bletted ones are definitely sweet.
Mature people don't let themselves be chained down by doctrine or ideology.
Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter could be said to remedy anything.
Matza balls are my heritage; falafels are not.
Matzo, an unleavened bread, is eaten during Passover.
Matías is from Uruguay. He is Uruguayan.
Maurice Ravel had a nice bike.
Maurice is eating a salad with eggs.
Maurice is eating a salad with oranges.
Mauritania would have a hard time defending itself against sub-Saharan terrorists.
Mauritania's Constitutional Council on Thursday validated the results of last week's presidential election, showing a big win for former military ruler Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz.
Mauve was initially called "Tyrian purple."
Max almost drowned.
Max can't go out because his mother forbade it, as he didn't do the lessons given by his teacher.
Max explained to Julia why he could not come to her farewell party.
Max explained to Julia why he could not come to his farewell party.
Max explained to Julie why he could not go to her farewell party.
Max is clever with his fingers.
Max located a secret passage.
Max looked into the mirror all the time he was talking.
Max ran a race.
Max really liked Catherine, but not enough for him to overcome his disdain for her mainstream taste in music and ask her out.
Max the barista at the cafe before had her hair tinted blue. She cut it. Then, she had it tinted raspberry red. Now, it is orange. She wants to dye it purple. She is Chinese. She is like an anime character.
Max's dog caught a partridge.
Max's mother forbade him from going out as he didn't complete the exercises given by his teacher.
Max's mother refused to let him go out because he didn't do the homework his teacher gave him.
Max, Lee, and Céline found a table to sit at, while Sam and Robin went to the bar to get the drinks in.
Maxim Moskalkov visited the city's annual ice festival and talked to the sculptors about their evanescent masterpieces.
Maximilian was as nervous as Sophie.
Maximizers tend to regret their decisions more in the long run.
Maximum capacity for the lift is 32 passengers.
Maximum length: 200 words.
Maximum overdrive.
Maximus is the savior of Rome.
Maxwell studies ancient manuscripts.
Maxwell's Demon defies the laws of thermodynamics.
May 17 is International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia.
May 1st is International Workers' Day.
May 5th is Children's Day.
May 8 is World Red Cross Red Crescent Day.
May 8, 1945, marked the start of new era in world history.
May Algeria continue to prosper and thrive in the years ahead.
May Allah bless Muslims in Japan.
May Allah forgive his sins and elevate his rank in the hereafter.
May Allah give you abundance.
May Allah protect us.
May Almighty God graciously hear and answer our prayers.
May Almighty God make you very happy.
May Balrogs eat you.
May Day is also a festival day for the workers in the world.
May God Almighty deign to hear and grant our prayers.
May God accompany you, kiddo!
May God accompany you.
May God always keep us safe.
May God always provide us with enough to meet our needs and overcome difficulties.
May God be with us.
May God be with you!
May God be with you, my son!
May God be with you.
May God bless Algeria.
May God bless him for his hard work.
May God bless that man, whoever he is.
May God bless that man.
May God bless the Americans we lost this morning. May He comfort their families. May God continue to watch over this country that we love.
May God bless the country I was born in!
May God bless us with the resources we need to face any obstacles.
May God bless you all for your donations.
May God bless you and your family.
May God bless you.
May God bring you even more joy.
May God complete your joy.
May God continue to bless the United States of America.
May God enlarge Japheth, and may he dwell in the tents of Shem, and Canaan be his servant.
May God extend your life.
May God fill your life with complete happiness.
May God forgive me.
May God give them peace!
May God give those who know me ten times more than what they give me.
May God give us a good day!
May God give us a good evening!
May God give us a good night!
May God give you a good day!
May God give you a good evening!
May God give you a good night!
May God give you longevity.
May God give you twice as much as what you wish for me.
May God grant us the financial means to cover our expenses and face life's challenges.
May God grant you a long life.
May God grant you peace with it.
May God guide all of us.
May God guide her.
May God guide him.
May God guide us and guide him.
May God guide us.
May God have his soul and lighten the earth where he will be buried.
May God have mercy of him.
May God have mercy on him.
May God have mercy on us all.
May God have mercy on us.
May God have mercy on you and me.
May God have mercy on your soul.
May God have mercy upon him.
May God have mercy upon his soul.
May God have mercy!
May God have their souls.
May God heal him from cancer!
May God hear you!
May God help us!
May God help you!
May God help you, as you have put yourself beyond the mercy of men.
May God keep our children safe.
May God keep the evil eye away from us.
May God keep you safe.
May God keep you!
May God lead you to the right way.
May God make each of you cover the other, like the tiles.
May God make the earth light to her.
May God make the earth light to him.
May God make the earth light to them, all as they are.
May God make you like shingles: each one covers another.
May God make you like the tiles so that each covers the other.
May God make you stand out as the most beautiful among all the girls.
May God make you the most beautiful among all the girls.
May God preserve you.
May God preserve your achievements.
May God protect you against all diseases!
May God protect you from any disease.
May God protect you from those who hate you!
May God protect you, my child!
May God protect you.
May God protect your children.
May God provide us with the means to handle our challenges.
May God renew all energies and fill our hearts with hope for tomorrow.
May God repay you with His grace.
May God repay you, 'cause I'm broke!
May God reward you.
May God save the royal family from a flood of scandals!
May God show us a better life!
May God's will be done.
May He who wetted you water us!
May His great name be blessed forever and ever.
May His great name be magnified and sanctified.
May I accompany you home?
May I accompany you on your walk?
May I accompany you to the airport?
May I accompany you?
May I add a point?
May I add you on Facebook?
May I apply for asylum?
May I approach the bench?
May I ask Tom a few questions?
May I ask Tom to help me?
May I ask a couple of questions?
May I ask a favor from you?
May I ask a favor of you?
May I ask a favour from you?
May I ask a favour of you?
May I ask a few more questions about that point? It's a little obscure.
May I ask a few more questions about that point? It’s a little obscure.
May I ask a few questions about that? It's a bit difficult to understand.
May I ask a few questions?
May I ask a personal question?
May I ask a question?
May I ask a quick question?
May I ask a stupid question?
May I ask a very special favor of you?
May I ask about your family?
May I ask another question?
May I ask for a favor?
May I ask for a favour?
May I ask for your help?
May I ask for your phone number?
May I ask her a few questions?
May I ask him a few questions?
May I ask how can I go to Kyoto from here?
May I ask how old you are?
May I ask one more question?
May I ask our teacher this question?
May I ask questions?
May I ask some questions?
May I ask them a few questions?
May I ask them a question?
May I ask what book you are reading?
May I ask what line of business you are in?
May I ask what that means?
May I ask what this is about?
May I ask what you are working on now?
May I ask what you're doing?
May I ask what you're intending to do?
May I ask what you're working on now?
May I ask what you're working on?
May I ask what your name is?
May I ask what you’re working on?
May I ask where you are going?
May I ask where you live?
May I ask where you work?
May I ask where you're going?
May I ask which you prefer?
May I ask who this is about?
May I ask who you are?
May I ask who's calling?
May I ask who's speaking?
May I ask why it is that you don't want to talk about it?
May I ask why you changed your mind?
May I ask why you did that?
May I ask why you didn't do what we asked you to do?
May I ask why you don't want to talk about this?
May I ask why you sent for me?
May I ask why you want to do that?
May I ask why you're calling?
May I ask why you're doing that?
May I ask why you're doing this?
May I ask why you're here?
May I ask why?
May I ask you a big favour?
May I ask you a couple of questions?
May I ask you a favor?
May I ask you a favour?
May I ask you a few questions about that? It's a little difficult to understand.
May I ask you a few questions?
May I ask you a personal question?
May I ask you a question?
May I ask you a totally unrelated question?
May I ask you about something totally unrelated?
May I ask you an indiscreet question?
May I ask you another question?
May I ask you for a book?
May I ask you for a favor?
May I ask you for a favour?
May I ask you for your name and address?
May I ask you for your name?
May I ask you just three more questions?
May I ask you one thing?
May I ask you some more questions?
May I ask you some questions about your name?
May I ask you some questions?
May I ask you something personal?
May I ask you something?
May I ask you to call me back later?
May I ask you to close the window?
May I ask you to come closer?
May I ask you to do me a favor?
May I ask you to do me a favour?
May I ask you to help me with something?
May I ask you to send this to New York?
May I ask you to take a photo of us?
May I ask you to write it down?
May I ask you what your name is?
May I ask you what your weight is?
May I ask your age?
May I ask your first and last names?
May I ask your name?
May I ask, can I open a bank account?
May I assist you?
May I attend the ceremony?
May I attend?
May I awaken within the dream and grasp the fact that I am dreaming so that all dream-like beings may likewise awaken from the nightmare of illusory suffering and confusion.
May I be excused for a minute?
May I be excused from Chinese?
May I be excused from tomorrow's class?
May I be excused from tomorrow’s class?
May I be excused now?
May I be excused?
May I be honest?
May I be of assistance?
May I be of further service?
May I be of help in any way?
May I be of service?
May I be seated?
May I be so bold as to request your assistance?
May I be the first to offer my congratulations.
May I begin by thanking every one for your warm welcome?
May I begin to eat?
May I begin?
May I borrow a duplicate key for Room 360?
May I borrow a pen?
May I borrow a pencil?
May I borrow a ruler?
May I borrow an umbrella?
May I borrow it?
May I borrow that book from you?
May I borrow the hair dryer?
May I borrow these books?
May I borrow this CD?
May I borrow this book for a few days?
May I borrow this book?
May I borrow this broom for a while?
May I borrow this chair?
May I borrow this dictionary?
May I borrow this pair of scissors?
May I borrow this pen?
May I borrow this? I'll return it tomorrow.
May I borrow your bicycle tomorrow afternoon?
May I borrow your bicycle?
May I borrow your bike?
May I borrow your blue sharpener?
May I borrow your calculator?
May I borrow your car today?
May I borrow your car tonight?
May I borrow your car?
May I borrow your computer?
May I borrow your dictionary?
May I borrow your eraser?
May I borrow your garden hose?
May I borrow your hair dryer?
May I borrow your hankie to wipe my nose?
May I borrow your headphones?
May I borrow your knife?
May I borrow your ladder?
May I borrow your lawnmower?
May I borrow your lighter?
May I borrow your pen?
May I borrow your pencil?
May I borrow your phone?
May I borrow your radio?
May I borrow your rake?
May I borrow your shovel?
May I borrow your telephone?
May I borrow your trumpet?
May I borrow your umbrella?
May I borrow your wheelbarrow?
May I bother you for a moment?
May I bother you with a request?
May I bring a friend?
May I bring my family along?
May I bring my friends?
May I buy that?
May I buy three oranges?
May I call Tom?
May I call around 2:30?
May I call at around 2:30?
May I call home?
May I call later?
May I call my first witness?
May I call on you again?
May I call on you at your house tomorrow morning?
May I call on you some day?
May I call on you today?
May I call you Mennad?
May I call you Tom?
May I call you back?
May I call you tomorrow?
May I carry this bag on?
May I carry you in my arms?
May I cash this check?
May I change the channel?
May I change this for a salad?
May I charge my cell phone somewhere around here?
May I close the door?
May I close the window?
May I close the window? I am freezing.
May I close the window? I'm cold.
May I come aboard?
May I come again?
May I come along with you?
May I come and see you now?
May I come and see you tomorrow?
May I come in?
May I come past, please?
May I come right over?
May I come see you this afternoon?
May I come to see you at your office tomorrow morning?
May I come to see you one of these days?
May I come to see you this afternoon?
May I come tomorrow, too?
May I come, too?
May I come?
May I connect to the internet here?
May I copy your answers?
May I count on you to get me the job?
May I cuddle you?
May I cut in?
May I dance with you?
May I direct your attention to this?
May I disturb you just a moment?
May I do it right now?
May I do it, too?
May I do that later?
May I do that now?
May I do that right now?
May I do that today?
May I do that tomorrow?
May I do that when I'm in Australia?
May I do that when I'm in Boston?
May I do that with Tom?
May I do that?
May I draw the curtains?
May I drink alcohol?
May I drink some more tea?
May I eat a little of it?
May I eat another piece of cake?
May I eat dinner with you?
May I eat in my room?
May I eat something now?
May I eat something?
May I eat that apple?
May I eat that cake?
May I eat that orange?
May I eat this apple?
May I eat this bread?
May I eat this cake?
May I eat this hamburger?
May I eat this orange?
May I eat this?
May I eat?
May I engage in this activity?
May I enter?
May I escort you home?
May I escort you?
May I exchange this shirt for a smaller size?
May I explain?
May I feel these?
May I feel this?
May I find a job.
May I finish it?
May I get a brandy?
May I get past, please?
May I get ready?
May I get you a brandy?
May I get you some brandy?
May I give you a kiss?
May I give you some advice?
May I go ahead of you?
May I go buy some ice cream?
May I go first?
May I go home now?
May I go home?
May I go inside?
May I go now?
May I go out for a minute?
May I go out for a short walk?
May I go out for a walk?
May I go out to play when I have read this book?
May I go out to play?
May I go outside?
May I go over to Tom's house to play?
May I go see Tom?
May I go swimming?
May I go there with Masao, Father?
May I go to bed now?
May I go to bed?
May I go to school tomorrow?
May I go to the bathroom, please?
May I go to the bathroom?
May I go to the fountain?
May I go to the movies tonight?
May I go to the nurse?
May I go to the restroom?
May I go to the river?
May I go to the toilet?
May I go to the washroom?
May I go to the zoo tomorrow?
May I go with Tom?
May I go with him?
May I go with you on your walk?
May I go with you?
May I go, too?
May I go?
May I hang up your coat?
May I have a Coca-Cola?
May I have a Finnish translation?
May I have a blanket?
May I have a brandy?
May I have a break?
May I have a bus route map?
May I have a bus schedule?
May I have a class schedule?
May I have a couple of cheese sandwiches?
May I have a cup of coffee please?
May I have a cup of coffee with cream and sugar?
May I have a cup of coffee, please?
May I have a cup of tea, please?
May I have a cup of tea?
May I have a drink of water?
May I have a drink?
May I have a few minutes of your time?
May I have a glass of beer, please?
May I have a glass of milk, please?
May I have a glass of milk?
May I have a glass of water, please?
May I have a glass of water?
May I have a glass of wine, please?
May I have a handkerchief?
May I have a look at it?
May I have a look at that?
May I have a look at your ticket?
May I have a look round your new flat?
May I have a look, too?
May I have a look?
May I have a moment of your time?
May I have a moment with my client, your honor?
May I have a moment?
May I have a napkin, please?
May I have a napkin?
May I have a pair of contact lenses?
May I have a pickle?
May I have a piece of it?
May I have a pillow and a blanket, please?
May I have a program?
May I have a receipt?
May I have a rest?
May I have a road map, please?
May I have a road map?
May I have a second helping?
May I have a shilling, sir?
May I have a signature?
May I have a sip of your coffee?
May I have a sip of your wine?
May I have a straw, please?
May I have a talk with you?
May I have a timetable?
May I have a word alone with you?
May I have a word alone with your son?
May I have a word with you in private?
May I have a word with you?
May I have a word with your daughter?
May I have an advance on my salary?
May I have an application form in Japanese?
May I have an ice bag?
May I have another book in place of this one?
May I have another brandy?
May I have another brochure?
May I have another cup of coffee?
May I have another piece of cake?
May I have another roll, please?
May I have another slice of cake?
May I have coupon tickets?
May I have everyone's attention, please?
May I have just a moment?
May I have my bill, please?
May I have my bill?
May I have one of these?
May I have one of those apples?
May I have permission to board this ship?
May I have permission to board?
May I have permission to do that?
May I have permission to go inside?
May I have some camera batteries, please?
May I have some change?
May I have some fresh cold milk?
May I have some hugs and my kitten plushie?
May I have some more coffee?
May I have some more tea if there is any in the pot?
May I have some more tea?
May I have some more?
May I have some rice?
May I have some sausage, please?
May I have some syrup to go on these pancakes?
May I have some vanilla ice cream, please?
May I have some water?
May I have something hot to drink?
May I have something to drink?
May I have spaghetti?
May I have the attention of all of you, please?
May I have the bill, please?
May I have the bill?
May I have the check, please?
May I have the floor?
May I have the honor of asking you?
May I have the key?
May I have the menu and the wine list?
May I have the menu, please?
May I have the menu?
May I have the next dance?
May I have the paper after you, please?
May I have these?
May I have this book?
May I have this bread and butter?
May I have this dance?
May I have this for two or three days?
May I have this magazine?
May I have this one as well?
May I have this?
May I have your address?
May I have your attention, please?
May I have your attention?
May I have your birth date?
May I have your card?
May I have your email, please?
May I have your full name?
May I have your name and address?
May I have your name and room number, please?
May I have your name and telephone number, please?
May I have your name, please?
May I have your name, sir?
May I have your name?
May I have your next dance?
May I have your order, please?
May I have your phone number, please?
May I have your phone number?
May I have your room number?
May I have your signature here, please?
May I have your undivided attention?
May I help myself?
May I help you clear the table?
May I help you find something?
May I help you ma'am?
May I help you ma’am?
May I help you, madam?
May I help you, sir?
May I help you?
May I help?
May I hold your hand?
May I hug you?
May I inquire why you wish to speak to him?
May I interrupt you a while?
May I interrupt you?
May I interrupt?
May I introduce Attorney Tammi, a new student. Mrs. Virtanen, the Finnish teacher.
May I introduce Mr. Tanaka to you?
May I introduce my friend to you?
May I introduce myself to you?
May I introduce myself, my name is Lucas.
May I introduce myself?
May I introduce myself? My name is Tom Frisch.
May I introduce myself? My name is Tom.
May I introduce our sales manager, Abe?
May I introduce you to Dr. Johnson?
May I introduce you to Mr Sato?
May I introduce you to Mr. Kato?
May I introduce you to my future wife?
May I introduce you to my wife?
May I invite Tom to dinner?
May I invite you for dinner tonight?
May I invite you to a chat?
May I invite you to dinner?
May I join you on your walk?
May I join you?
May I keep this photograph?
May I keep this?
May I kiss Mary today?
May I kiss the bride now?
May I kiss the bride?
May I kiss you again?
May I kiss you goodnight?
May I kiss you now?
May I kiss you?
May I kiss your wife?
May I know the date of you departure?
May I know the reason why?
May I know where you were yesterday?
May I know your name again?
May I lead?
May I leave a message?
May I leave as soon as I finish my work?
May I leave early this afternoon?
May I leave early today?
May I leave early?
May I leave my belongings on the bus?
May I leave my homework here?
May I leave my luggage here where it is and go out?
May I leave my phone number?
May I leave my suitcase here?
May I leave my suitcases here?
May I leave now?
May I leave school early today?
May I leave this book with you?
May I leave this with you?
May I leave?
May I lend your car?
May I lie down to rest a bit?
May I lie on the sofa?
May I listen to the radio?
May I look at it?
May I look at that magazine?
May I look at the menu?
May I look at the photos again?
May I look at those documents?
May I look at your passport?
May I look the house over?
May I make a personal observation?
May I make a suggestion about it?
May I make a suggestion?
May I make another suggestion?
May I make so bold as to request your assistance?
May I move to the other side now?
May I offer a suggestion?
May I offer my congratulations?
May I offer you a drink?
May I offer you a glass?
May I offer you a refreshment, Your Highness?
May I offer you any help?
May I offer you coffee?
May I offer you my chair?
May I offer you something to drink now?
May I open a can?
May I open a window?
May I open it?
May I open my eyes now?
May I open the box?
May I open the curtain?
May I open the curtains?
May I open the door?
May I open the window for a moment?
May I open the window?
May I open the windows?
May I open this box?
May I order now?
May I park here for a while?
May I park here?
May I park my car here?
May I park my scooter here?
May I participate?
May I pay by check?
May I pay with a credit card?
May I pay with a travelers' check?
May I pay with a travelers’ check?
May I pay you a drink?
May I pet the dog?
May I phone you later?
May I play some games on the computer?
May I play the harp?
May I play the piano?
May I play with Maria?
May I please ask you to open the window, please?
May I please be excused for a minute?
May I please be excused from class?
May I please have a mask?
May I please have your telephone number?
May I please see your driver's license?
May I please see your driving licence?
May I please see your licence?
May I please see your license?
May I pose another question?
May I present Mr Hummer.
May I present Mr Johnson to you?
May I present my wife to you?
May I present this to you in token of my appreciation?
May I presume to tell you that you are wrong?
May I propose an alternative solution?
May I put it down here?
May I put it here?
May I put it on again?
May I put my seat back?
May I put on your glasses?
May I put this here?
May I put this over there?
May I quote you?
May I read the rest of the will now?
May I read this letter?
May I recommend another hotel?
May I recommend the fruit salad for dessert?
May I remind you of your promise?
May I remind you that this man is my father?
May I rephrase the answer?
May I request a favour of you?
May I request the bill?
May I respond?
May I rest a little?
May I rest for a little while?
May I rest for a moment?
May I return the car instead?
May I return this for a refund?
May I ride a bicycle?
May I ride your horse?
May I run with you?
May I say anything?
May I say it in French?
May I say something else?
May I say something?
May I see Tom?
May I see a menu, please?
May I see a menu?
May I see him again?
May I see him?
May I see it again?
May I see it now?
May I see it?
May I see my daughter?
May I see my girlfriend now?
May I see that again?
May I see that blouse, please?
May I see that?
May I see the contents of the package?
May I see the inside of the house?
May I see the menu, please?
May I see the photos again?
May I see the rate list.
May I see the room, please?
May I see the telephone directory?
May I see the timetable?
May I see the whole image?
May I see the wine list, please?
May I see the wine list?
May I see two pieces of identification?
May I see what's in your bag?
May I see you for a moment?
May I see you in private?
May I see you now?
May I see you tomorrow?
May I see your ID?
May I see your birth certificate?
May I see your boarding pass, please?
May I see your claim tags?
May I see your collection of old books?
May I see your driver's license, sir?
May I see your driver's license?
May I see your driver’s license, sir?
May I see your driver’s license?
May I see your driving licence, sir?
May I see your driving licence?
May I see your identification?
May I see your invitation please?
May I see your licence, please?
May I see your license?
May I see your passport, please?
May I see your passport?
May I set the table?
May I shake your hand?
May I share this table with you?
May I share your umbrella?
May I sharpen my pencil?
May I shave your sideburns?
May I show you around?
May I show you something?
May I shut the door?
May I sing now?
May I sing?
May I sit behind you?
May I sit beside Tom?
May I sit down after you do?
May I sit down here beside you?
May I sit down?
May I sit here ?
May I sit here for a while?
May I sit here?
May I sit in the back?
May I sit next to Tom?
May I sit next to you?
May I sit on this bench with you?
May I sit on your knee?
May I sit on your lap?
May I sit with you?
May I sleep on the couch?
May I sleep on your couch tonight?
May I sleep on your sofa tonight?
May I sleep outside with you under the stars tonight?
May I sleep outside?
May I smoke here?
May I smoke in here?
May I smoke?
May I sneak in? My flight is leaving soon.
May I speak French?
May I speak frankly?
May I speak freely?
May I speak in French?
May I speak to Bill?
May I speak to Mike, please?
May I speak to Mr. Jackson, please?
May I speak to Mr. Sato?
May I speak to Pedro?
May I speak to Tom Jackson, please?
May I speak to Tom, please?
May I speak to Tom?
May I speak to the lady of the house?
May I speak to the professor?
May I speak to you a minute?
May I speak to you alone?
May I speak to you for a minute?
May I speak to you for a moment in private?
May I speak to you for a moment?
May I speak to you in private?
May I speak to you outside for a minute?
May I speak to you outside?
May I speak to you?
May I speak with Judy?
May I speak with Tom?
May I speak with her?
May I speak with him?
May I speak with the teacher?
May I speak with them?
May I speak with you a moment?
May I speak with you alone, Tom?
May I speak with you for a few minutes?
May I speak with you for a moment?
May I speak with you in private?
May I speak with you?
May I start eating now?
May I stay a little longer?
May I stay here for a while?
May I stay here tonight?
May I stay here with you?
May I stay here?
May I stay home tomorrow?
May I stay in the car?
May I stay with you for a few days?
May I stay with you for a while?
May I stay with you until Tom gets here?
May I stop at Seville on the way?
May I study Esperanto soon?
May I study here?
May I suggest an alternate plan?
May I suggest an alternative plan?
May I suggest another approach?
May I suggest another hotel?
May I suggest another idea?
May I suggest another option?
May I suggest another possibility?
May I suggest another solution?
May I suggest another strategy?
May I suggest something?
May I swim in the lake?
May I swim in this lake?
May I swim?
May I switch off the light?
May I switch on the light?
May I switch over to another channel?
May I switch places with you?
May I take a bath?
May I take a bite?
May I take a few days off to visit my family?
May I take a look at it?
May I take a look?
May I take a message for him?
May I take a message?
May I take a nap on your couch?
May I take a pen?
May I take a photo?
May I take a picture of you?
May I take a rain check?
May I take a rest for a while?
May I take a rest?
May I take a short break?
May I take a shower in the morning?
May I take a shower?
May I take a snapshot of you?
May I take more coffee?
May I take off my coat?
May I take photographs?
May I take photos?
May I take pictures here?
May I take pictures?
May I take salt?
May I take some time off next week?
May I take the car for a test drive before I buy it?
May I take the pink one?
May I take this?
May I take you home?
May I take your coat?
May I take your glass?
May I take your hat, sir?
May I take your order now?
May I take your order?
May I take your photograph?
May I take your picture?
May I take your size, madam?
May I talk about this with Tom?
May I talk to Mr. Brown?
May I talk to Ms. Brown?
May I talk to Tom, please?
May I talk to Tom?
May I talk to her?
May I talk to him?
May I talk to them?
May I talk to you a minute?
May I talk to you about something serious?
May I talk to you for a minute?
May I talk to you for a moment?
May I talk to you for a second?
May I talk to you in private?
May I talk to you now?
May I talk to you?
May I talk with the professor?
May I talk with you for a moment?
May I talk with you in private about the matter?
May I talk with you?
May I tell Tom what you just told me?
May I tell you a little secret?
May I tell you some information.
May I tell you something in Hungarian?
May I thank you and say good-bye?
May I think about it?
May I think about that for a moment?
May I touch it?
May I touch them?
May I touch these?
May I touch this?
May I treat you to a coffee?
May I trouble you for a light?
May I trouble you for a match?
May I trouble you for the pepper?
May I trouble you for the salt?
May I trouble you for the sugar?
May I trouble you to pass me the pepper?
May I trouble you to pass me the salt?
May I trouble you to pass the sugar?
May I trouble you to shut the window?
May I try doing it?
May I try it on again?
May I try it on?
May I try it?
May I try on this dress?
May I try on this jacket?
May I try that on?
May I try this jacket on?
May I try this on?
May I try this sweater on?
May I try to do it?
May I turn down the TV?
May I turn off the TV?
May I turn off the light?
May I turn off the lights?
May I turn off the radio?
May I turn on the TV?
May I turn on the light?
May I turn on the lights?
May I turn on the radio?
May I turn on the television?
May I turn the light off?
May I turn the light on?
May I turn the lights off?
May I turn the lights on?
May I turn the radio off?
May I turn the radio on?
May I use a calculator?
May I use a credit card?
May I use a pencil and some paper?
May I use it?
May I use some of this paper?
May I use some paper?
May I use that?
May I use the bathroom?
May I use the chair here?
May I use the computer?
May I use the phone?
May I use the restroom?
May I use the shoe polish?
May I use the telephone for a while?
May I use the telephone from time to time?
May I use the telephone?
May I use the toilet?
May I use the vacuum cleaner?
May I use the washroom?
May I use these?
May I use this bat?
May I use this cup?
May I use this pen?
May I use this pencil?
May I use this phone?
May I use this racket?
May I use this stapler?
May I use this telephone?
May I use this umbrella?
May I use this word processor?
May I use this?
May I use your bathroom?
May I use your bicycle?
May I use your car today?
May I use your car, Dad?
May I use your cell phone again?
May I use your desk?
May I use your dictionary?
May I use your eraser? I seem to have lost mine.
May I use your ink pad?
May I use your lawnmower?
May I use your pen?
May I use your pencil?
May I use your pencil? Any one will do.
May I use your phone, please?
May I use your phone?
May I use your telephone?
May I use your toilet?
May I use your typewriter?
May I visit an art gallery?
May I visit the church?
May I visit you sometime soon?
May I visit you tomorrow?
May I visit your home one of these days?
May I visit your office tomorrow morning?
May I wait for Tom here?
May I walk with you?
May I wash all my laundry at once?
May I watch TV now?
May I watch TV tonight?
May I work here?
May I write it in French?
May I write it in pencil?
May I write on this sheet of paper?
May I write to you?
May I?
May Love unite you both and eternalize the bond.
May Toki Pona remain simple!
May Tom and I do that ourselves?
May Tom be free.
May Tom rest in peace.
May Tom's dream come true.
May Ziri rest in peace.
May a hundred flowers bloom!
May all beings everywhere be happy and free, and may the thoughts, words, and actions of my own life contribute in some way to that happiness and to that freedom for all.
May all men remember that they are brothers!
May all my dreams come true.
May all of your wishes come true!
May all the misfortunes of this war fall upon him.
May all your dreams come true!
May all your dreams come true.
May all your efforts be crowned with success.
May all your misdeeds be wiped away by this kiss!
May all your wishes come true!
May averting Zeus make good his title here, in Cadmus' hold!
May be a drink would help me relax a little.
May be distributed in accordance with the GPL.
May be you can give Yuri a hand.
May comes after April.
May contain nuts.
May deep sleep engulf you, so that you rest from insomnia!
May everything be great!
May fifth is Children's Day.
May flights of angels sing thee to thy rest.
May fortune be with you.
May fortune favor the brave this time.
May fortune favor the brave.
May fortune smile on you.
May fortune smile upon you.
May god be with you, my dear brother.
May good winds bring him. He's very welcome.
May happiness and joy come to you as you celebrate this joyous day.
May happiness knock early at your door, April.
May happiness knock on your door.
May has been in Japan for a year.
May has thirty-one days.
May he heal us.
May he live long!
May he rest in peace!
May he rest in peace.
May he take a look in his mirror.
May his life be blessed with health and happiness all through.
May his name be erased!
May his soul be bound up in the bond of life.
May his soul rest in Heaven.
May his soul rest in peace.
May is mental health awareness month.
May is my favourite month.
May it be God's will.
May it be as God wills.
May it be so!
May it be so.
May it go well for you.
May it never happen to us.
May it not happen!
May it only depend on that!
May it please my lord to go before his servant: and I will follow softly after him, as I shall see my children to be able, until I come to my lord in Seir.
May it protect you.
May no one know my suffering!
May none of you consent to this.
May not music be described as the mathematics of the sense, mathematics as music of the reason? The musician feels mathematics, the mathematician thinks music: music the dream, mathematics the working life.
May our children and our children’s children say of us: “They gave their best. They did their duty. They healed a broken land.”
May our friendship be eternal.
May peace find them in the end.
May peace find us all in the end.
May peace find you.
May peace follow them wherever they go.
May peace guide our decisions.
May she find the peace she seeks.
May she not spoil thy marriage.
May she rest in peace.
May she return home safely.
May she take that chair?
May sometimes spends the time by herself.
May success be with you.
May that bastard die.
May that be a lesson to you!
May the Creator help you with all His holy powers!
May the Force be with you!
May the Force be with you.
May the God and Goddesses always love you well.
May the Gods help us.
May the Lord be with you.
May the Lord protect us.
May the Lord reward you for this.
May the New Year bring peace and love to all.
May the absurd and inhuman war cease! And may peace and concord prevail!
May the best man or woman win.
May the best man win.
May the best solution reveal itself.
May the best team win.
May the blessing of God be upon them.
May the blessings of God be upon you.
May the blessings of God rest upon you.
May the devil take me!
May the earth be light to our friend Rabah Pierre Rabhi. Especially since he loved the land, again and for ever, since his early childhood in the Kenadza desert.
May the firmament not fall upon him.
May the force be with you.
May the future be kinder to us all.
May the future bring clarity and peace.
May the future bring peace and clarity.
May the gods and goddesses always bless you all.
May the gods and goddesses always bless you.
May the journey ahead be smooth.
May the light of freedom, coming to all darkened lands, flame brightly — until at last the darkness is no more.
May the morning happiness be upon you, friends.
May the morning joy accompany you, comrades.
May the new year bring you happiness!
May the new year bring you happiness.
May the new year bring you joy.
May the one who screams the loudest win.
May the other side of your pillow always be cold.
May the queen live long!
May the road ahead be smoother than expected.
May the scourge of scarcity reach the haves!
May the truth come out sooner than expected.
May the truth come to light soon.
May the truth guide our way forward.
May the turbulence of our age yield to a true time of peace, when men and nations shall share a life that honors the dignity of each, the brotherhood of all.
May the way of the hero lead to the Triforce.
May the wind guide your way.
May their hearts be full of love.
May their love grow stronger each day.
May there be no war!
May there be order and progress.
May there be peace!
May there never be another world war!
May they come to this castle.
May they find clarity in their choices.
May they find peace at last.
May they find peace in the end.
May they find peace in their decisions.
May they find the peace they seek.
May they find the strength they need.
May they find what they seek in time.
May they find what they’re looking for.
May they learn from their mistakes.
May they live long!
May they rest in peace.
May they share a lifetime of happiness.
May this be the beginning of something new.
May this day be the happiest day in your life.
May this letter find you well and happy!
May this letter find you well and happy.
May this never happen to you.
May this ring forever be the symbol of my eternal love.
May those who are hungry never get their fill!
May those who don't know learn and those who are experts enjoy remembering.
May those who have not forgotten their neighbor find fortune and gain honor, daily health and happiness for their loved ones more than before.
May those who love each other end up together.
May we accompany you on your walk?
May we always be on top and not at the bottom.
May we ask you to remit in full settlement at your earliest convenience?
May we ask you to remit the settlement in full at your earliest convenience?
May we be healed by him.
May we be healed.
May we be made the head and not the tail.
May we be saved as soon as possible.
May we come in?
May we draw your attention to our new products?
May we eat at the steak house every night.
May we enter?
May we find a way through this together.
May we find the strength to continue.
May we go home?
May we go now?
May we have a short recess?
May we have the menu?
May we know your bank account?
May we leave our suitcases here?
May we look forward to receiving your order?
May we meet in reality?
May we never confuse honest dissent with disloyal subversion.
May we never end up that way!
May we never face such fear again.
May we never face such hardships again.
May we never forget the lessons learned here.
May we never forget the lessons learned today.
May we never forget this day.
May we never forget what we’ve learned here.
May we please also have the dates that you're interested in for booking?
May we see the menu?
May we sit down?
May we smoke during the break?
May we smoke here?
May we speak in private?
May we speak with you?
May we swim here?
May we take a picture here?
May we take photos?
May we take pictures here?
May we talk in private?
May we therefore ask you for a two months' extension of credit?
May we therefore ask you for a two months’ extension of credit?
May we use calculators?
May we use the language lab?
May whatever god you believe in have mercy on your soul.
May wisdom guide us in the days ahead.
May you all be happy.
May you all be loved, fulfilled, and happy beyond your wildest dreams!
May you all be loved, fulfilled, and happy beyond your wildest dreams.
May you all get what you wish for.
May you all live long and prosper.
May you always be happy!
May you always walk in peace.
May you and your family be happy.
May you be blessed with good health.
May you be happy in the life you have chosen!
May you be happy!
May you be happy, Ricardo.
May you be happy, Tom.
May you be happy.
May you be healthy!
May you be inscribed for a good year!
May you be rich!
May you be touched by His Noodly Appendage.
May you be well soon.
May you both be happy!
May you both have a long and happy life together.
May you defeat all our enemies.
May you die!
May you enjoy good health.
May you find what you seek.
May you have a happy life together.
May you have a long and happy life together.
May you have a long and happy life!
May you have a long and happy life.
May you have a long life together.
May you have a long life.
May you have a lovely day.
May you have a prosperous new year.
May you have a very happy married life!
May you have happiness.
May you have many more birthdays.
May you kneel for me?
May you live in interesting times.
May you live long!
May you live to a hundred and twenty!
May you not find it! Don't laugh.
May you recover soon.
May you return home safe!
May you succeed!
May you win!
May your belongings be new, may your friends be old.
May your child live a healthy life!
May your coffee be strong today and your Monday be short.
May your conscience be your best guide.
May your dark designs not come to pass.
May your dark plans not come to pass.
May your desire be satisfied.
May your dreams come true today!
May your dreams come true.
May your journey be peaceful.
May your life always be joyful!
May your mother die an unusual death!
May your mother get cholera!
May your soul rest in peace.
May your treats be plentiful!
May your will be done on Earth as it is in Heaven.
May's clothes were lying around the room.
Maya and Chloe are friends.
Maya lives with her parents.
Maya priests learned much about astronomy.
Maya struggles what to do at dinner time.
Maya the Bee isn't a Polish cartoon, you know that? It was written in Germany, animated in Japan, and was translated into the Polish language.
Mayan pyramids and large temples were built elegantly using stone tools.
Mayas is a attorney general.
Mayas is a commercial judge.
Mayas is a criminal judge.
Mayas is a manager.
Mayas is a notary.
Mayas is poor.
Mayas is the president of the Kabyle Parliament.
Mayas tried to tell me.
Mayas was rich.
Mayas went to school.
Mayasas is watching a movie.
Maybe Alice was there yesterday, but we didn't see her.
Maybe Bernie Sanders will never win the presidency, but at least he's raising awareness of issues and ideas that merit discussion.
Maybe Charles is stupid.
Maybe Donald can help Jessica with that.
Maybe Donald isn't good enough for Jessica's fancy house.
Maybe Elias is seeing something subconsciously.
Maybe Elias is the one doing something wrong.
Maybe Elias wanted to apologize for his past behavior.
Maybe Felix is overthinking a bit.
Maybe God is punishing Yanni for doing drugs.
Maybe I accidentally damaged it.
Maybe I am like him, or maybe you are. Maybe everyone is.
Maybe I am unhappy, but I don't intend to kill myself.
Maybe I am unhappy, but I don’t intend to kill myself.
Maybe I can answer your question.
Maybe I can be of service.
Maybe I can come to Australia in October.
Maybe I can come to Boston in October.
Maybe I can convince Tom to talk to Mary.
Maybe I can do it again.
Maybe I can do it next week.
Maybe I can do that for you.
Maybe I can do that today.
Maybe I can do that.
Maybe I can fix it with this piece of wire.
Maybe I can fix it.
Maybe I can give you one.
Maybe I can go to Australia with Tom.
Maybe I can go to Australia with you next year.
Maybe I can go to Boston with Tom.
Maybe I can go to Boston with you next week.
Maybe I can have this done by next Monday.
Maybe I can help out.
Maybe I can help with that.
Maybe I can help you do that.
Maybe I can help you in another way.
Maybe I can help you out.
Maybe I can help you solve that problem.
Maybe I can help you.
Maybe I can help.
Maybe I can just try it again.
Maybe I can major in French.
Maybe I can make Tom read it.
Maybe I can persuade Tom to talk to Mary.
Maybe I can prove it to you.
Maybe I can reason with Tom.
Maybe I can reason with her.
Maybe I can reason with him.
Maybe I can reason with them.
Maybe I can sell it to Tom.
Maybe I can show you.
Maybe I can talk Tom into going camping with us.
Maybe I can talk to Tom.
Maybe I can try it again.
Maybe I could be of some help.
Maybe I could convince Tom to do that.
Maybe I could do something about that.
Maybe I could do something to help.
Maybe I could do something.
Maybe I could do that for you.
Maybe I could do that.
Maybe I could get some ice cream before going to Dad's.
Maybe I could go with you.
Maybe I could have a word with Tom.
Maybe I could head over to yours after?
Maybe I could help Tom do that.
Maybe I could help.
Maybe I could learn a few things.
Maybe I could like this.
Maybe I could so something.
Maybe I could talk to Tom.
Maybe I could talk to her.
Maybe I could talk to him.
Maybe I could talk to them.
Maybe I could use some help after all.
Maybe I deserve this.
Maybe I did something to put her off.
Maybe I did something to put him off.
Maybe I didn't explain it well enough.
Maybe I didn't make myself clear.
Maybe I didn't try hard enough.
Maybe I do spend too much money.
Maybe I don't belong in Boston anymore.
Maybe I don't get something?
Maybe I don't have a choice.
Maybe I don't have any ambition, maybe I'm content to be who I am and do what I do.
Maybe I don't like it the way I loved you.
Maybe I don't love you.
Maybe I don't need Tom.
Maybe I don't need her.
Maybe I don't need him.
Maybe I don't need them.
Maybe I don't need this anymore.
Maybe I don't need to do this anymore.
Maybe I don't need to tell Tom what to do.
Maybe I don't understand something?
Maybe I don't want to know.
Maybe I drank too much.
Maybe I drink too much.
Maybe I exaggerated.
Maybe I expect too much.
Maybe I fell asleep.
Maybe I fooled them.
Maybe I gave Tom the wrong advice.
Maybe I gave up too soon.
Maybe I had it wrong.
Maybe I had some success.
Maybe I hate myself more than I realize.
Maybe I have it wrong.
Maybe I have it.
Maybe I have to do that, too.
Maybe I have to study German.
Maybe I have unrealistic expectations of you.
Maybe I haven't explained it well.
Maybe I hurt Tom.
Maybe I hurt her.
Maybe I hurt him.
Maybe I hurt them.
Maybe I just imagined that.
Maybe I just lack talent.
Maybe I just need a bigger capacitor.
Maybe I just need a hug.
Maybe I just need some sleep.
Maybe I just need some time alone.
Maybe I just need to be patient.
Maybe I know this person!
Maybe I lack the talent for marrying.
Maybe I left it on the table.
Maybe I missed something.
Maybe I misunderstood Tom.
Maybe I misunderstood something, so I'm not going to insist.
Maybe I misunderstood what he said.
Maybe I need a lawyer.
Maybe I need a new assistant.
Maybe I need it.
Maybe I need to do that, too.
Maybe I need to get back to that.
Maybe I ought to expand the memory.
Maybe I ought to pack another shirt.
Maybe I overdid it a little.
Maybe I overdid it.
Maybe I passed out.
Maybe I put in effort, but I didn't get anything out of it.
Maybe I see things clearer now.
Maybe I should add some sentences without translations too. It's a very quick way to improve the rating of your language.
Maybe I should add some sentences without translations too. It’s a very quick way to improve the rating of your language.
Maybe I should also add sentences without translations? It is a very fast way of improving the popularity of one's own language.
Maybe I should ask Tom to do that for me.
Maybe I should ask Tom to do that.
Maybe I should ask Tom to help.
Maybe I should ask Tom what he thinks.
Maybe I should ask Tom.
Maybe I should be ashamed.
Maybe I should become a painter.
Maybe I should buy more of these.
Maybe I should call Tom myself.
Maybe I should call my attorney.
Maybe I should call you.
Maybe I should change my approach.
Maybe I should change my job.
Maybe I should check on Tom.
Maybe I should check on her.
Maybe I should check on him.
Maybe I should check on them.
Maybe I should come back another time.
Maybe I should cook dinner now.
Maybe I should do it.
Maybe I should do something about that.
Maybe I should do that now.
Maybe I should do that today.
Maybe I should do that.
Maybe I should do the talking.
Maybe I should dye my hair blonde?
Maybe I should end this.
Maybe I should give Tom a hand.
Maybe I should give her a hand.
Maybe I should give him a hand.
Maybe I should give them a hand.
Maybe I should give you a hand.
Maybe I should go deeper into the details.
Maybe I should go get you some water.
Maybe I should go help Tom.
Maybe I should go help her.
Maybe I should go help him.
Maybe I should go help them.
Maybe I should go help you.
Maybe I should go more deeper into the topic.
Maybe I should go talk to Tom.
Maybe I should go talk to her.
Maybe I should go talk to him.
Maybe I should go talk to them.
Maybe I should go to Australia.
Maybe I should go with Tom.
Maybe I should go with you.
Maybe I should go.
Maybe I should grow a beard.
Maybe I should have a talk with Tom.
Maybe I should have a word with Tom.
Maybe I should have done this sooner.
Maybe I should have left more space on the left, where the model is looking.
Maybe I should have spoken to Tom.
Maybe I should have spoken with Tom.
Maybe I should have thought of this before.
Maybe I should have told Tom.
Maybe I should have told you.
Maybe I should have tried harder.
Maybe I should help Tom.
Maybe I should help them.
Maybe I should help you do that.
Maybe I should help you.
Maybe I should join you.
Maybe I should just be talking to Tom.
Maybe I should just call him and tell him the truth.
Maybe I should just check with Tom.
Maybe I should just quit.
Maybe I should just stay at home.
Maybe I should just stay home.
Maybe I should just tell Tom I want my money back today.
Maybe I should just tell Tom that I want my money back today.
Maybe I should just tell Tom the truth.
Maybe I should kiss Tom.
Maybe I should leave Australia.
Maybe I should leave Boston.
Maybe I should leave.
Maybe I should let you rest.
Maybe I should major in French.
Maybe I should put on some lipstick.
Maybe I should quit.
Maybe I should rephrase that.
Maybe I should see what's going on.
Maybe I should slow down.
Maybe I should spend a few minutes with Tom alone.
Maybe I should spend an hour with Tom.
Maybe I should start watching more sports on TV.
Maybe I should stay here with Tom.
Maybe I should stay here with you.
Maybe I should stay in Australia for another week or so.
Maybe I should stay in Australia for another week or two.
Maybe I should stay in Boston for another week or so.
Maybe I should stay up a bit longer.
Maybe I should stay.
Maybe I should stick to what I do best.
Maybe I should stop now.
Maybe I should study French.
Maybe I should study German.
Maybe I should take a look at it.
Maybe I should take this.
Maybe I should talk to Tom.
Maybe I should talk to a lawyer.
Maybe I should talk to her.
Maybe I should talk to him.
Maybe I should talk to them.
Maybe I should talk with Tom.
Maybe I should tell Tom that.
Maybe I should tell Tom.
Maybe I should try a different size.
Maybe I should try it again.
Maybe I should wear gloves.
Maybe I should write Tom a letter.
Maybe I should write a letter to Tom.
Maybe I should've done that by myself.
Maybe I should've done that.
Maybe I should've done this sooner.
Maybe I should've spoken to Tom.
Maybe I should've spoken with Tom.
Maybe I should've told Tom.
Maybe I should've told her.
Maybe I should've told him.
Maybe I should've told them.
Maybe I should've told you.
Maybe I should've tried harder.
Maybe I shouldn't be so suspicious.
Maybe I shouldn't do that.
Maybe I shouldn't drive home.
Maybe I shouldn't even tell you.
Maybe I shouldn't have asked Tom that question.
Maybe I shouldn't have come.
Maybe I shouldn't have done that.
Maybe I shouldn't have given Tom my old bicycle.
Maybe I shouldn't have gone there so late at night.
Maybe I shouldn't have kissed Tom.
Maybe I shouldn't have kissed you.
Maybe I shouldn't have said anything.
Maybe I shouldn't have stayed up so late last night.
Maybe I shouldn't have told Tom about it.
Maybe I shouldn't have told Tom about the party.
Maybe I shouldn't have told Tom about what had happened.
Maybe I shouldn't have told Tom my phone number.
Maybe I shouldn't have told Tom that.
Maybe I shouldn't have told Tom to do that.
Maybe I shouldn't have told Tom where we're going.
Maybe I shouldn't invite Tom to the party.
Maybe I shouldn't leave early.
Maybe I shouldn't sell my canoe.
Maybe I shouldn't stay here.
Maybe I shouldn't tell Tom what Mary did.
Maybe I shouldn't tell you this, but I am truly mesmerized by your beauty.
Maybe I shouldn't try to help Tom.
Maybe I shouldn't've asked Tom that question.
Maybe I shouldn’t have done that.
Maybe I shouldn’t tell you this, but I am truly mesmerized by your beauty.
Maybe I threw it away.
Maybe I understood where he was going with this.
Maybe I was just trying to be truthful.
Maybe I was mistaken.
Maybe I was the reason that Vladimir was expelled.
Maybe I was too confident.
Maybe I was too hard on Tom.
Maybe I was wrong.
Maybe I wasn't Tom's type.
Maybe I wasn't interesting enough?
Maybe I wasn't supposed to do that.
Maybe I wasn't there that night.
Maybe I went a little too far.
Maybe I will buy a brand-new computer.
Maybe I will have to cut the grass once again.
Maybe I will have to spend my entire life in prison.
Maybe I will settle down with a woman.
Maybe I won't be there.
Maybe I won't do that.
Maybe I won't have to come back here anymore.
Maybe I won't have to do that again.
Maybe I won't have to do that anymore.
Maybe I won't have to do that.
Maybe I won't make it, but I will at least try.
Maybe I won't manage, but I will at least try.
Maybe I'd better not do that.
Maybe I'd better not tell Tom that.
Maybe I'd better not tell Tom what Mary did.
Maybe I'd better not tell Tom what Mary told us she did.
Maybe I'd better not tell Tom what we did.
Maybe I'd better not tell Tom what we're planning to do.
Maybe I'd better stay with you tonight.
Maybe I'd better tell Tom not to do that.
Maybe I'd better tell Tom now.
Maybe I'd better tell Tom to do that.
Maybe I'd better tell Tom what happened.
Maybe I'd better tell Tom what needs to be done.
Maybe I'd better tell Tom what we did.
Maybe I'd better tell Tom.
Maybe I'd enjoy doing that.
Maybe I'll ask Tom to do that for us.
Maybe I'll be able to do that tomorrow.
Maybe I'll be able to help you.
Maybe I'll be able to speak fluently in a month's time.
Maybe I'll be back.
Maybe I'll bring Tom.
Maybe I'll bring her.
Maybe I'll bring him.
Maybe I'll bring them.
Maybe I'll buy a bike.
Maybe I'll call you sometime.
Maybe I'll call you.
Maybe I'll come back later.
Maybe I'll come back to Australia again next year at this time.
Maybe I'll come out of retirement.
Maybe I'll come to Boston again next year at this time.
Maybe I'll come to Greece this summer.
Maybe I'll come tomorrow.
Maybe I'll do that today.
Maybe I'll do that tomorrow.
Maybe I'll do that.
Maybe I'll even get to meet Tom.
Maybe I'll even sunbathe naked.
Maybe I'll eventually get one of those.
Maybe I'll fall asleep.
Maybe I'll give it a try.
Maybe I'll go swimming after school.
Maybe I'll go swimming today.
Maybe I'll go to Boston this summer.
Maybe I'll go with you to the cinema tomorrow.
Maybe I'll go, and maybe I won't.
Maybe I'll have a costume made like that for next Halloween.
Maybe I'll have to wait.
Maybe I'll inherit something one day.
Maybe I'll just call my lawyer.
Maybe I'll just give up soon and take a nap instead.
Maybe I'll just stay here with Tom.
Maybe I'll just wander off on my own.
Maybe I'll just wear jeans.
Maybe I'll leave tomorrow.
Maybe I'll lie down.
Maybe I'll lose some weight.
Maybe I'll lose.
Maybe I'll make a cake for a change.
Maybe I'll need some help.
Maybe I'll never see you again.
Maybe I'll run into you.
Maybe I'll see you again sometime.
Maybe I'll see you around.
Maybe I'll see you in Boston.
Maybe I'll see you later.
Maybe I'll see you there.
Maybe I'll see you tomorrow.
Maybe I'll shave my head.
Maybe I'll sleep in a little bit.
Maybe I'll spend the rest of my life behind bars.
Maybe I'll stay in Australia for a few more weeks.
Maybe I'll stay in Boston for a few more weeks.
Maybe I'll stay.
Maybe I'll study French today.
Maybe I'll study French.
Maybe I'll teach French.
Maybe I'll tell you and maybe I won't.
Maybe I'll tell you more later.
Maybe I'll think differently about it in an hour, but that'd be my suggestion now.
Maybe I'll try again next year.
Maybe I'll try doing that one day.
Maybe I'll try it.
Maybe I'll try to lose some weight.
Maybe I'll wear that dress.
Maybe I'll write a book.
Maybe I'm a friend.
Maybe I'm a genius.
Maybe I'm a good person.
Maybe I'm a little jealous.
Maybe I'm a perfectionist, but we could certainly do better.
Maybe I'm afraid of hurting you.
Maybe I'm being too demanding.
Maybe I'm being too politically correct about it.
Maybe I'm being too politically correct.
Maybe I'm better than you.
Maybe I'm crazy.
Maybe I'm dyslexic or something, but when speaking English or Spanish, I keep mixing up pronouns. For example, I'd use a male article for a female noun in Spanish, or in English I'd refer to my sister as "he" and my dad as "she". It's not intentional, but it just happens.
Maybe I'm fooling myself.
Maybe I'm going through a midlife crisis.
Maybe I'm hallucinating.
Maybe I'm happiest when I'm playing the guitar.
Maybe I'm having hallucinations.
Maybe I'm in love with Tom.
Maybe I'm in love with her.
Maybe I'm in love with him.
Maybe I'm in love with them.
Maybe I'm in the way here. I'd better go.
Maybe I'm just a fool.
Maybe I'm just another silly woman who can't resist his charm.
Maybe I'm just crazy.
Maybe I'm just getting old.
Maybe I'm just hearing things.
Maybe I'm just meant to be lonely.
Maybe I'm just silly, though.
Maybe I'm just too selfish.
Maybe I'm losing my mind.
Maybe I'm missing something here.
Maybe I'm never going to find anyone.
Maybe I'm not good enough for her.
Maybe I'm not good enough for him.
Maybe I'm not pretty enough.
Maybe I'm not that far gone yet.
Maybe I'm not that far gone.
Maybe I'm not the right person for that job.
Maybe I'm so naive that I confuse a strong attraction for something else.
Maybe I'm speaking in truisms.
Maybe I'm the asshole.
Maybe I'm the one who should be doing that.
Maybe I'm the one who's messed up.
Maybe I'm the problem.
Maybe I'm to blame.
Maybe I'm unhappy, but I don't intend to kill myself.
Maybe I'm working too much.
Maybe I'm wrong.
Maybe I've been misinformed.
Maybe I've been too hard on Tom.
Maybe I've had too much to drink.
Maybe I've left it on the table.
Maybe I've lost my keys.
Maybe I've loved her too much.
Maybe It's better not to tell Tom what we're planning to do.
Maybe I’ll go, and maybe I won’t.
Maybe I’ll just give up soon and take a nap instead.
Maybe I’ll just wander off on my own.
Maybe I’ll take some photos in the neighborhood.
Maybe I’m making things too difficult for you.
Maybe Jane will come.
Maybe Janos likes Olivia, too.
Maybe John was right.
Maybe Leon could do the same.
Maybe Mary can take care of herself.
Maybe Mary didn't bury the treasure in the island.
Maybe Mary didn't do what everyone says she did.
Maybe Mary didn't like what she saw.
Maybe Mary doesn't know exactly what she has to do.
Maybe Mary doesn't know exactly what she needs to do.
Maybe Mary doesn't know exactly what she ought to do.
Maybe Mary doesn't know exactly what she should do.
Maybe Mary doesn't know how to do it.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she has to do that today.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that again.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that anymore.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that here.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she's got to do that today.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to do that again.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to do that anymore.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to do that.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to help Tom do that.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to park there.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she's supposed to be here tomorrow by 2:30.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she's supposed to do that.
Maybe Mary doesn't know what she did was wrong.
Maybe Mary doesn't know what she has to buy.
Maybe Mary doesn't know what she needs to buy.
Maybe Mary doesn't like that.
Maybe Mary doesn’t clean it.
Maybe Mary hasn't broken her arm.
Maybe Mary isn't as stupid as she looks.
Maybe Mary isn't like that.
Maybe Mary killed herself.
Maybe Mary likes someone else.
Maybe Mary said something she shouldn't have.
Maybe Mary saw something she shouldn't have.
Maybe Mary should quit before she hurts herself.
Maybe Mary thought you wouldn't want to see her.
Maybe Mary was really as busy as she said she was.
Maybe Mary will be killed by someone.
Maybe Mary would like you to do that for her.
Maybe Michael is a criminal.
Maybe Orban is a bad choice, but definitely not a Marine Le Pen level choice.
Maybe Pinocchio's wooden head with its built-in high-tech microchip has more intelligence than the rest of the world.
Maybe Russia shouldn't have invaded Ukraine.
Maybe Sami is right.
Maybe Sami was sleepwalking.
Maybe Sami was wrong.
Maybe Steven's not alive any more. He'd be over 80 now.
Maybe Tom and I are both mistaken.
Maybe Tom and I are just crazy.
Maybe Tom and I are just getting old.
Maybe Tom and I are missing something.
Maybe Tom and I are working too much.
Maybe Tom and I are wrong.
Maybe Tom and I aren't supposed to be doing this.
Maybe Tom and I aren't supposed to do this.
Maybe Tom and I should quit before we hurt ourselves.
Maybe Tom and I were wrong.
Maybe Tom and I weren't supposed to do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary are at home.
Maybe Tom and Mary are busy.
Maybe Tom and Mary are doing that right now.
Maybe Tom and Mary are eating right now.
Maybe Tom and Mary are guilty.
Maybe Tom and Mary are hungry.
Maybe Tom and Mary are in love.
Maybe Tom and Mary are in the hospital.
Maybe Tom and Mary are just being modest.
Maybe Tom and Mary are just lucky.
Maybe Tom and Mary are lying.
Maybe Tom and Mary are right.
Maybe Tom and Mary are sick.
Maybe Tom and Mary are sleeping.
Maybe Tom and Mary are sleepy.
Maybe Tom and Mary are stupid.
Maybe Tom and Mary are telling the truth.
Maybe Tom and Mary are tired.
Maybe Tom and Mary are too busy to help us.
Maybe Tom and Mary are too shy to come over here.
Maybe Tom and Mary are way ahead of us.
Maybe Tom and Mary are working again.
Maybe Tom and Mary aren't as stupid as they look.
Maybe Tom and Mary aren't at home.
Maybe Tom and Mary aren't coming back.
Maybe Tom and Mary aren't crazy after all.
Maybe Tom and Mary aren't so different.
Maybe Tom and Mary aren't telling the truth.
Maybe Tom and Mary aren't the ones who're lying.
Maybe Tom and Mary can get jobs at the zoo.
Maybe Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
Maybe Tom and Mary didn't do what everybody says they did.
Maybe Tom and Mary didn't do what everyone says they did.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't care about what happens.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know anything about it.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know exactly how to do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know exactly what has to be done.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know exactly what needs to be done.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know exactly what they have to do.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know exactly what they need to do.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know exactly what they ought to do.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know exactly what they should do.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know how to get to my place.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know how to play jazz.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know much about Boston.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know that I won't do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know that I've never done that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know that now isn't the time to do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know that won't happen anytime soon.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know there's still work to do.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they aren't supposed to do that again.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they aren't supposed to do that anymore.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they aren't supposed to do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they aren't supposed to park there.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they have to do that today.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they shouldn't do that again.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they shouldn't do that anymore.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they shouldn't do that here.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they shouldn't do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they're not supposed to do that again.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they're not supposed to do that anymore.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they're not supposed to do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they're not supposed to help John do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they're not supposed to park there.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they're supposed to be here tomorrow by 2:30.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they're supposed to do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they've got to do that today.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know what happened.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know what they did was wrong.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know what they have to buy.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know what they need to buy.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know what to do.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know what you're looking for.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know where I am.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know why we're here.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know why you didn't do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't like me.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't need our help.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't remember me.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't want anything.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't want to have a party.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't want you to worry.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't yet know about what's happened.
Maybe Tom and Mary feel the same way.
Maybe Tom and Mary have already done that.
Maybe Tom and Mary have already gone home.
Maybe Tom and Mary have had an accident.
Maybe Tom and Mary have other plans.
Maybe Tom and Mary have something to hide.
Maybe Tom and Mary have to do that, too.
Maybe Tom and Mary just don't like you.
Maybe Tom and Mary just weren't meant to be together.
Maybe Tom and Mary killed themselves.
Maybe Tom and Mary know something.
Maybe Tom and Mary know what I did wrong.
Maybe Tom and Mary like swimming.
Maybe Tom and Mary like you.
Maybe Tom and Mary need help.
Maybe Tom and Mary need to do that, too.
Maybe Tom and Mary said something they shouldn't have.
Maybe Tom and Mary saw something they shouldn't have seen.
Maybe Tom and Mary saw something they shouldn't have.
Maybe Tom and Mary should quit before they hurt themselves.
Maybe Tom and Mary think I'm dead.
Maybe Tom and Mary thought you wouldn't want to see them.
Maybe Tom and Mary want to be alone together.
Maybe Tom and Mary want to do that, too.
Maybe Tom and Mary want to do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary were distracted.
Maybe Tom and Mary were hiding something.
Maybe Tom and Mary were home.
Maybe Tom and Mary were hospitalized.
Maybe Tom and Mary were in an accident.
Maybe Tom and Mary were injured.
Maybe Tom and Mary were involved.
Maybe Tom and Mary were just trying to help you.
Maybe Tom and Mary were lucky.
Maybe Tom and Mary were mistaken.
Maybe Tom and Mary were nervous.
Maybe Tom and Mary were really as busy as they said they were.
Maybe Tom and Mary were right.
Maybe Tom and Mary were studying.
Maybe Tom and Mary were the ones who stole your bicycle.
Maybe Tom and Mary were trying to warn us about something.
Maybe Tom and Mary were unlucky.
Maybe Tom and Mary were wrong.
Maybe Tom and Mary weren't busy.
Maybe Tom and Mary weren't here when this happened.
Maybe Tom and Mary weren't hungry.
Maybe Tom and Mary weren't right.
Maybe Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that.
Maybe Tom and Mary weren't working alone.
Maybe Tom and Mary weren't wrong.
Maybe Tom and Mary will help.
Maybe Tom and Mary would like you to do that for them.
Maybe Tom asked Mary to do that.
Maybe Tom asked Mary to lie.
Maybe Tom ate the hot dog too fast.
Maybe Tom blames Mary for what happened.
Maybe Tom bought it.
Maybe Tom came here to see Mary.
Maybe Tom can be persuaded to help us.
Maybe Tom can do it.
Maybe Tom can do something to help.
Maybe Tom can do that for Mary.
Maybe Tom can do that for us.
Maybe Tom can do that for you.
Maybe Tom can do that.
Maybe Tom can do this.
Maybe Tom can explain what happened here.
Maybe Tom can figure out how to fix this.
Maybe Tom can fix it.
Maybe Tom can get a job at the zoo.
Maybe Tom can go to Australia.
Maybe Tom can go to Boston.
Maybe Tom can help me.
Maybe Tom can help us figure out how to solve this problem.
Maybe Tom can help us.
Maybe Tom can help you do that.
Maybe Tom can help you fix that.
Maybe Tom can help you move the sofa.
Maybe Tom can help you.
Maybe Tom can help.
Maybe Tom can join us.
Maybe Tom can lend you some money.
Maybe Tom can remember what happened.
Maybe Tom can save us.
Maybe Tom can solve this problem.
Maybe Tom can speak French.
Maybe Tom can stay for a while longer.
Maybe Tom can take care of himself.
Maybe Tom can talk Mary into doing that.
Maybe Tom can talk Mary out of doing that.
Maybe Tom can teach French.
Maybe Tom can tell us more.
Maybe Tom can tell us something.
Maybe Tom can tell us what we need to know.
Maybe Tom can tell you more about this.
Maybe Tom can tell you more.
Maybe Tom can tell you what needs to be done.
Maybe Tom can win.
Maybe Tom can't hear us.
Maybe Tom can't speak French.
Maybe Tom cheated.
Maybe Tom come today.
Maybe Tom could be persuaded to help.
Maybe Tom could go with you.
Maybe Tom could help me finish this report.
Maybe Tom could help us with that.
Maybe Tom could help you solve that problem.
Maybe Tom could help.
Maybe Tom could sing at your wedding.
Maybe Tom could stop by your place on his way home.
Maybe Tom could talk Mary into doing that.
Maybe Tom could talk Mary out of doing that.
Maybe Tom couldn't afford to buy a ticket.
Maybe Tom decided to give up.
Maybe Tom did it.
Maybe Tom did that on purpose.
Maybe Tom did that.
Maybe Tom did the right thing for the wrong reason.
Maybe Tom did this.
Maybe Tom didn't do it.
Maybe Tom didn't do that.
Maybe Tom didn't do what everybody says he did.
Maybe Tom didn't do what everyone says he did.
Maybe Tom didn't do what he said he did.
Maybe Tom didn't eat it.
Maybe Tom didn't have time.
Maybe Tom didn't hear me.
Maybe Tom didn't hear you.
Maybe Tom didn't like what he saw.
Maybe Tom didn't notice Mary.
Maybe Tom didn't plan to be here this soon.
Maybe Tom didn't see Mary.
Maybe Tom didn't see us.
Maybe Tom didn't tell Mary the truth.
Maybe Tom didn't think he needed help.
Maybe Tom didn't touch it.
Maybe Tom didn't try hard enough.
Maybe Tom didn't understand what he was supposed to do.
Maybe Tom didn't understand.
Maybe Tom didn't use the right kind of bait.
Maybe Tom didn't want to bother you.
Maybe Tom does that.
Maybe Tom doesn't care about what happens.
Maybe Tom doesn't have children.
Maybe Tom doesn't know I don't often do that nowadays.
Maybe Tom doesn't know I don't often do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know I hardly ever do that anymore.
Maybe Tom doesn't know I hardly ever do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know I won't do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know I've never done that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary did that last night.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary did that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary didn't do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary doesn't know how to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary has to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary hasn't been very happy here.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary is the one who did that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary isn't the one who did that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary isn't very happy here.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary knows how to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary needs to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary should do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary shouldn't do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary wants to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary was the one who did that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary wasn't the one who did that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary well enough to know she won't do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary well enough to know that she won't do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary well enough to know what she'll do.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary won't be able to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know anything about it.
Maybe Tom doesn't know exactly how to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know exactly what has to be done.
Maybe Tom doesn't know exactly what he has to do.
Maybe Tom doesn't know exactly what he needs to do.
Maybe Tom doesn't know exactly what he ought to do.
Maybe Tom doesn't know exactly what he should do.
Maybe Tom doesn't know exactly what needs to be done.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he has to do that today.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he isn't likely to be fired.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he isn't likely to be punished.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to do that again.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to do that anymore.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to help Mary do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to park there.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that again.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that anymore.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that here.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's going to be arrested.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's going to be fired.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's going to be punished.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's got to do that today.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's not likely to be fired.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's not likely to be punished.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to do that again.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to do that anymore.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to help Mary do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to park there.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's supposed to be here tomorrow by 2:30.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's supposed to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's supposed to give a speech today.
Maybe Tom doesn't know how Mary feels about that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know how to do that as well as most people do.
Maybe Tom doesn't know how to get a hold of Mary.
Maybe Tom doesn't know how to get to my place.
Maybe Tom doesn't know how to play jazz.
Maybe Tom doesn't know much about Australia.
Maybe Tom doesn't know much about Boston.
Maybe Tom doesn't know now isn't the time to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that I don't often do that nowadays.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that I don't often do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that I hardly ever do that anymore.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that I hardly ever do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that I won't do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that I've never done that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary did that last night.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary did that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary didn't do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary doesn't know how to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary has to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary is the one who did that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary isn't the one who did that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary knows how to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary needs to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary should do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary shouldn't do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary wants to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary was the one who did that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary wasn't the one who did that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that now isn't the time to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that that won't happen anytime soon.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that that won't happen today.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that won't happen anytime soon.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that won't happen today.
Maybe Tom doesn't know there's still work to do.
Maybe Tom doesn't know we've moved.
Maybe Tom doesn't know what Mary is looking for.
Maybe Tom doesn't know what happened.
Maybe Tom doesn't know what he did was illegal.
Maybe Tom doesn't know what he did was wrong.
Maybe Tom doesn't know what he has to buy.
Maybe Tom doesn't know what he needs to buy.
Maybe Tom doesn't know what to do.
Maybe Tom doesn't know what you're looking for.
Maybe Tom doesn't know where I am.
Maybe Tom doesn't know where Mary is going.
Maybe Tom doesn't know who can do that and who can't.
Maybe Tom doesn't know who can sing well and who can't.
Maybe Tom doesn't know why Mary has to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know why Mary is here.
Maybe Tom doesn't know why he's getting another chance.
Maybe Tom doesn't know why we're here.
Maybe Tom doesn't know why you didn't do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't like Boston as much as you do.
Maybe Tom doesn't like me.
Maybe Tom doesn't like that.
Maybe Tom doesn't love you.
Maybe Tom doesn't need our help.
Maybe Tom doesn't remember me.
Maybe Tom doesn't tell you everything.
Maybe Tom doesn't trust us.
Maybe Tom doesn't understand French.
Maybe Tom doesn't want anything.
Maybe Tom doesn't want to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't want to go to Boston with us.
Maybe Tom doesn't want to have a party.
Maybe Tom doesn't want to leave.
Maybe Tom doesn't want us to find Mary.
Maybe Tom doesn't want you to worry.
Maybe Tom doesn't yet know about what's happened.
Maybe Tom feels the same way.
Maybe Tom forgot to do it.
Maybe Tom forgot to do that.
Maybe Tom forgot what he is paid for.
Maybe Tom forgot.
Maybe Tom gave it to Mary.
Maybe Tom got chased off.
Maybe Tom got lost.
Maybe Tom had a fight with Mary.
Maybe Tom had to work late.
Maybe Tom has a secret crush on you.
Maybe Tom has already done that.
Maybe Tom has already done what he was supposed to do.
Maybe Tom has already gone home.
Maybe Tom has already left Boston.
Maybe Tom has already left for Australia.
Maybe Tom has already left for Boston.
Maybe Tom has already left.
Maybe Tom has been lying to us.
Maybe Tom has changed his mind.
Maybe Tom has had an accident.
Maybe Tom has it.
Maybe Tom has other plans.
Maybe Tom has problems.
Maybe Tom has some candy left.
Maybe Tom has something to hide.
Maybe Tom has that.
Maybe Tom has the answer.
Maybe Tom has the right idea.
Maybe Tom has to do that, too.
Maybe Tom is a changed man.
Maybe Tom is a little paranoid.
Maybe Tom is afraid to fight.
Maybe Tom is already dead.
Maybe Tom is at home.
Maybe Tom is busy.
Maybe Tom is coming.
Maybe Tom is crazy.
Maybe Tom is crying right now.
Maybe Tom is dead.
Maybe Tom is doing that right now.
Maybe Tom is eating right now.
Maybe Tom is getting married again.
Maybe Tom is getting sloppy.
Maybe Tom is guilty.
Maybe Tom is hallucinating.
Maybe Tom is having better luck than we are.
Maybe Tom is having better luck.
Maybe Tom is here, but I haven't seen him.
Maybe Tom is hungry.
Maybe Tom is hurt.
Maybe Tom is in Australia.
Maybe Tom is in Boston.
Maybe Tom is in love with you.
Maybe Tom is in love.
Maybe Tom is in the backyard.
Maybe Tom is in the bathroom.
Maybe Tom is in the garden.
Maybe Tom is in the hospital.
Maybe Tom is just being modest.
Maybe Tom is just hungry.
Maybe Tom is just lucky.
Maybe Tom is just worried.
Maybe Tom is lying.
Maybe Tom is meant to be here.
Maybe Tom is right.
Maybe Tom is sick in bed.
Maybe Tom is sick.
Maybe Tom is sleepy.
Maybe Tom is staying at that hotel.
Maybe Tom is stupid.
Maybe Tom is telling the truth.
Maybe Tom is the problem.
Maybe Tom is tired.
Maybe Tom is too busy to help us.
Maybe Tom is too shy to come over here.
Maybe Tom is trying to tell me something.
Maybe Tom is very ill.
Maybe Tom is waiting for Mary?
Maybe Tom is waiting for us.
Maybe Tom is way ahead of us.
Maybe Tom is working again.
Maybe Tom isn't as stupid as he looks.
Maybe Tom isn't at home.
Maybe Tom isn't bluffing.
Maybe Tom isn't coming back.
Maybe Tom isn't crazy after all.
Maybe Tom isn't here today.
Maybe Tom isn't in Australia anymore.
Maybe Tom isn't such a bad guy after all.
Maybe Tom isn't telling the truth.
Maybe Tom isn't the one who's lying.
Maybe Tom isn't there today.
Maybe Tom just didn't want to talk about Mary.
Maybe Tom just doesn't like Australia.
Maybe Tom just doesn't like you.
Maybe Tom just forgot to do it.
Maybe Tom just got nervous.
Maybe Tom just needs a little attention.
Maybe Tom just needs a little help.
Maybe Tom just wants to do nothing.
Maybe Tom just wants to eat.
Maybe Tom just wants to relax.
Maybe Tom killed himself.
Maybe Tom kissed Mary.
Maybe Tom knows something.
Maybe Tom knows what I did wrong.
Maybe Tom knows what Mary has to do.
Maybe Tom knows what Mary needs to do.
Maybe Tom knows what Mary should do.
Maybe Tom knows what Mary wants to do.
Maybe Tom knows.
Maybe Tom left earlier.
Maybe Tom left early.
Maybe Tom lied to us.
Maybe Tom lied to you.
Maybe Tom likes somebody else.
Maybe Tom likes someone else.
Maybe Tom likes swimming.
Maybe Tom likes you, too.
Maybe Tom likes you.
Maybe Tom loves you.
Maybe Tom made Mary do that.
Maybe Tom made a clerical error.
Maybe Tom made a good deal.
Maybe Tom missed his bus.
Maybe Tom missed his train.
Maybe Tom needs a break?
Maybe Tom needs a doctor.
Maybe Tom needs help.
Maybe Tom needs to do that, too.
Maybe Tom never got your message.
Maybe Tom panicked.
Maybe Tom put it there.
Maybe Tom really did see Mary kissing John.
Maybe Tom said something he shouldn't have.
Maybe Tom saw Mary.
Maybe Tom saw something he shouldn't have seen.
Maybe Tom saw something he shouldn't have.
Maybe Tom saw something.
Maybe Tom should apply for a job here.
Maybe Tom should change that.
Maybe Tom should consider the possibility Mary has left him for good.
Maybe Tom should consider the possibility that Mary has left him for good.
Maybe Tom should do it.
Maybe Tom should do that.
Maybe Tom should get a hearing aid.
Maybe Tom should go help Mary.
Maybe Tom should go live with his grandparents in Australia.
Maybe Tom should go live with his grandparents in Boston.
Maybe Tom should go to Australia with you.
Maybe Tom should go to Boston with you.
Maybe Tom should go to bed.
Maybe Tom should go to the doctor.
Maybe Tom should go visit Mary.
Maybe Tom should have stayed with the children.
Maybe Tom should have told you that.
Maybe Tom should have tried harder.
Maybe Tom should leave.
Maybe Tom should move to Australia.
Maybe Tom should pay more attention in class.
Maybe Tom should quit before he hurts himself.
Maybe Tom should stay here with Mary.
Maybe Tom should study French.
Maybe Tom should talk to Mary.
Maybe Tom should tell Mary.
Maybe Tom should've done something else.
Maybe Tom should've stayed with the children.
Maybe Tom should've told Mary about what happened.
Maybe Tom should've told you that.
Maybe Tom should've tried harder.
Maybe Tom shouldn't be here.
Maybe Tom shouldn't do that.
Maybe Tom shouldn't eat that.
Maybe Tom shouldn't have done that.
Maybe Tom showed Mary how to do that.
Maybe Tom spoke French with Mary.
Maybe Tom stayed in Boston last night.
Maybe Tom thinks I'm dead.
Maybe Tom thought that you wouldn't want to see him.
Maybe Tom thought you wouldn't want to see Mary.
Maybe Tom thought you wouldn't want to see him.
Maybe Tom threatened Mary.
Maybe Tom told Mary she had to do that.
Maybe Tom told Mary she needed to do that.
Maybe Tom told Mary she should do that.
Maybe Tom told Mary she shouldn't do that.
Maybe Tom told Mary sit over there.
Maybe Tom told Mary to do that.
Maybe Tom told Mary.
Maybe Tom took it.
Maybe Tom tried too hard.
Maybe Tom wants a ride.
Maybe Tom wants everyone to fear him.
Maybe Tom wants to be alone.
Maybe Tom wants to do that, too.
Maybe Tom wants to do that.
Maybe Tom wants to go with you.
Maybe Tom wants to sleep a little longer.
Maybe Tom wants to surprise Mary.
Maybe Tom was distracted.
Maybe Tom was exaggerating.
Maybe Tom was hiding something.
Maybe Tom was home.
Maybe Tom was hospitalized.
Maybe Tom was in an accident.
Maybe Tom was injured.
Maybe Tom was involved.
Maybe Tom was just being polite.
Maybe Tom was just lucky tonight.
Maybe Tom was just trying to help you.
Maybe Tom was lucky.
Maybe Tom was mistaken.
Maybe Tom was nervous.
Maybe Tom was raised by wolves.
Maybe Tom was really as busy as he said he was.
Maybe Tom was right.
Maybe Tom was sick.
Maybe Tom was sleepwalking.
Maybe Tom was studying.
Maybe Tom was the one who killed Mary.
Maybe Tom was the one who stole Mary's necklace.
Maybe Tom was the one who stole your bicycle.
Maybe Tom was trying to warn us about something.
Maybe Tom was unlucky.
Maybe Tom was upset because I didn't tell him about what we were planning to do.
Maybe Tom was walking in his sleep.
Maybe Tom was wrong.
Maybe Tom wasn't available.
Maybe Tom wasn't bluffing.
Maybe Tom wasn't busy.
Maybe Tom wasn't happy about it.
Maybe Tom wasn't here when this happened.
Maybe Tom wasn't hungry.
Maybe Tom wasn't right.
Maybe Tom wasn't sticking with the original plan.
Maybe Tom wasn't telling the truth.
Maybe Tom wasn't the one who did that.
Maybe Tom wasn't working alone.
Maybe Tom wasn't wrong.
Maybe Tom went out with Mary.
Maybe Tom went shopping with Mary.
Maybe Tom went to Australia with Mary.
Maybe Tom went to Boston with Mary.
Maybe Tom went to Boston.
Maybe Tom will adopt you.
Maybe Tom will agree to do that.
Maybe Tom will agree.
Maybe Tom will apologize to Mary.
Maybe Tom will be back soon.
Maybe Tom will be busy all day.
Maybe Tom will be here today.
Maybe Tom will be there.
Maybe Tom will change his mind.
Maybe Tom will come back.
Maybe Tom will come to Australia in October.
Maybe Tom will come to Boston in October.
Maybe Tom will come tomorrow.
Maybe Tom will come.
Maybe Tom will do it.
Maybe Tom will do that for Mary.
Maybe Tom will do that for us.
Maybe Tom will do that for you.
Maybe Tom will do that.
Maybe Tom will do this.
Maybe Tom will feel the same way.
Maybe Tom will forgive Mary.
Maybe Tom will get here early.
Maybe Tom will get into Harvard.
Maybe Tom will give me a job.
Maybe Tom will give us a ride.
Maybe Tom will go to Australia with Mary.
Maybe Tom will go to Australia with me.
Maybe Tom will go to Boston with Mary.
Maybe Tom will go to college in Boston.
Maybe Tom will go with us.
Maybe Tom will help us find Mary.
Maybe Tom will help us.
Maybe Tom will help.
Maybe Tom will just go away.
Maybe Tom will just leave us alone.
Maybe Tom will know what to do.
Maybe Tom will know what we have to do.
Maybe Tom will know what we need to do.
Maybe Tom will leave tomorrow morning.
Maybe Tom will let us borrow his car.
Maybe Tom will let us do that.
Maybe Tom will let us stay at his place.
Maybe Tom will listen to reason.
Maybe Tom will lose.
Maybe Tom will realize that one day.
Maybe Tom will say no.
Maybe Tom will say something.
Maybe Tom will say yes.
Maybe Tom will sell you his guitar.
Maybe Tom will sell you one of his guitars.
Maybe Tom will sing for us.
Maybe Tom will stay in Australia for a month or so.
Maybe Tom will stay in Boston for a month or so.
Maybe Tom will still get the chance to do that.
Maybe Tom will take you to an expensive restaurant.
Maybe Tom will wait for us.
Maybe Tom will win.
Maybe Tom won't agree to do that.
Maybe Tom won't be able to do that.
Maybe Tom won't be at today's meeting.
Maybe Tom won't be here today.
Maybe Tom won't be mad.
Maybe Tom won't be there today.
Maybe Tom won't come to Australia this summer.
Maybe Tom won't come to Boston this summer.
Maybe Tom won't come.
Maybe Tom won't do that.
Maybe Tom won't finish doing that today.
Maybe Tom won't finish on time.
Maybe Tom won't go to Australia on this trip.
Maybe Tom won't go to Australia.
Maybe Tom won't go to Boston on this trip.
Maybe Tom won't go to Boston.
Maybe Tom won't go.
Maybe Tom won't help us.
Maybe Tom won't wait.
Maybe Tom won't want to do that.
Maybe Tom won't win.
Maybe Tom would be happier somewhere else.
Maybe Tom would be willing to do that.
Maybe Tom would be willing to help.
Maybe Tom would enjoy doing that with you.
Maybe Tom would enjoy doing that.
Maybe Tom would like it there.
Maybe Tom would like that.
Maybe Tom would like to do that.
Maybe Tom would like to try talking Mary into doing that.
Maybe Tom would like to try talking Mary out of doing that.
Maybe Tom would like you to do that for Mary.
Maybe Tom would like you to do that for him.
Maybe Tom's answer will be no.
Maybe Tom's car broke down.
Maybe Tom's got something to hide.
Maybe Tom's in hospital.
Maybe Tom's the problem.
Maybe Vladimir really has some problems that you don't know about.
Maybe Yanni can help.
Maybe Yanni is right.
Maybe Yanni isn't right for Skura.
Maybe Yanni should plant the fig tree up there.
Maybe Yanni will live through it.
Maybe Ziri did that as a show of strength.
Maybe Ziri did that to prove his strength.
Maybe Ziri has a point here.
Maybe Ziri has a stalker or something.
Maybe Ziri is the problem.
Maybe Ziri needs to give in.
Maybe Ziri should investigate.
Maybe Ziri will sell that apartment.
Maybe a child would do such a cruel thing?
Maybe a few of them are good people, but the majority are scum.
Maybe a few of you have seen pandas in the zoo.
Maybe a little home cooking will cheer you up.
Maybe after Easter, spring will come.
Maybe after easter, spring will come.
Maybe after the war, you and I could be friends.
Maybe all of Tom's suggestions weren't stupid.
Maybe all of these photos should have been thrown away.
Maybe all one can do is hope to end up with the right regrets.
Maybe all this is happening for a reason.
Maybe alms don't give people dignity, but they do give them life.
Maybe amongst my friends, Michael is the most handsome.
Maybe an animal is there.
Maybe another time.
Maybe as a kid you grew up with stereotypes that clash with reality.
Maybe at the time she accidentally left her car key in her room.
Maybe because of my age, I've started choosing bento with fewer fried foods.
Maybe because the weather's gotten hotter, the food is spoiling more quickly than usual.
Maybe both of us will do that.
Maybe both of us will quit.
Maybe broccoli doesn't like you either.
Maybe dad can do the dirty deed.
Maybe don't put cheese on everything.
Maybe dreams really come true.
Maybe even Tom would agree.
Maybe eventually you'll decide you don't want to live here anymore.
Maybe everything does happen for a reason.
Maybe everything is going well.
Maybe everything you need to know is in this book.
Maybe everything'll go all right.
Maybe for some, Lojban and Esperanto are like the city and the countryside.
Maybe free will is an illusion, and the world is completely deterministic, as some would claim.
Maybe he came here to see Layla.
Maybe he can't do it.
Maybe he can't forget her.
Maybe he did it on purpose.
Maybe he did you a favor.
Maybe he didn't hear you.
Maybe he died with a falafel in his hands.
Maybe he doesn't enjoy it as much as we thought he would?
Maybe he exaggerated.
Maybe he forgot.
Maybe he had an accident on the way.
Maybe he had too much to drink.
Maybe he has a bad conscience.
Maybe he has changed.
Maybe he has got it.
Maybe he has it.
Maybe he has lots of girlfriends.
Maybe he is Italian or Spanish.
Maybe he is Muslim.
Maybe he is alone.
Maybe he liked the idea.
Maybe he likes someone else.
Maybe he likes you, too.
Maybe he likes you.
Maybe he needs to take more risks.
Maybe he needs to try a different approach.
Maybe he really is the right person.
Maybe he received my message.
Maybe he saw her.
Maybe he should call this off.
Maybe he should change the company's name.
Maybe he told her.
Maybe he understood.
Maybe he was exaggerating.
Maybe he was ill.
Maybe he was in an accident?
Maybe he was just curious, but it still felt bizarre.
Maybe he was sick.
Maybe he went to the store and left his phone at home.
Maybe he will arrive tonight.
Maybe he will be a good teacher.
Maybe he will change his mind.
Maybe he will not come.
Maybe he will swear fealty to the king and become a good guy!
Maybe he will tell you a couple of things regarding your family.
Maybe he won't become famous.
Maybe he won't come back.
Maybe he won’t become famous.
Maybe he'll arrive this evening.
Maybe he'll arrive tonight.
Maybe he'll come tomorrow.
Maybe he'll come.
Maybe he'll phone today.
Maybe he'll ring today.
Maybe he's Muslim.
Maybe he's afraid of seeing the results.
Maybe he's already left Kyoto.
Maybe he's an atheist like them?
Maybe he's busy.
Maybe he's dead.
Maybe he's ill in bed.
Maybe he's in Algeria with Skura.
Maybe he's in Algeria.
Maybe he's in the bathroom?
Maybe he's jogging around the park.
Maybe he's just being polite.
Maybe he's not down there.
Maybe he's not in Algeria.
Maybe he's not young.
Maybe he's running in the park right now.
Maybe he's seen her.
Maybe he's telling the truth.
Maybe he's wrong.
Maybe he’s jogging around the park.
Maybe hope for a better tomorrow, as in the document "Transhuman Perfection: The Eradication of Disability Through Transhuman Technologies."
Maybe if I find Mary, she can help me.
Maybe if I find Tom, he can help me.
Maybe if they weren't so obnoxious, people would be more accepting of them.
Maybe if we go outside and smoke a cigarette, the problem will solve itself.
Maybe if you explained it in a different way, Tom would understand you.
Maybe if you hurry, you might be able to make your train.
Maybe in a different universe, our basic five senses are useless and we would require different senses altogether.
Maybe in a different universe, the emotional and psychic environment is even different from ours.
Maybe in a few weeks, we can do this again.
Maybe in another universe, beings are like clouds or shadows in a cloudy or shadowy milieu...
Maybe in another universe, sentient beings, as well as their very environment, are incorporeal.
Maybe in another universe, the physical laws are so different that everything from our point of view looks unfamiliar.
Maybe it can be fixed.
Maybe it can be read other ways as well.
Maybe it doesn't matter what we do.
Maybe it is destiny.
Maybe it is true.
Maybe it just isn't funny.
Maybe it just time to give up.
Maybe it never happened.
Maybe it really happens.
Maybe it really was an accident.
Maybe it was Tom after all?
Maybe it was Tom.
Maybe it was a cat.
Maybe it was a convincing argument after all.
Maybe it was an alarming situation, but in the end it was a realistic thing to say.
Maybe it was fate.
Maybe it was for the best.
Maybe it was her.
Maybe it was her?
Maybe it was him.
Maybe it was just a coincidence.
Maybe it was just a fluke.
Maybe it was just a nightmare.
Maybe it was just an oversight.
Maybe it was not so obvious.
Maybe it was obvious.
Maybe it was stupid of me to think that Tom would really help us.
Maybe it was them.
Maybe it was you.
Maybe it wasn't Tom.
Maybe it wasn't an accident.
Maybe it wasn't her.
Maybe it wasn't him.
Maybe it wasn't my fault.
Maybe it wasn't so obvious.
Maybe it wasn't such a bright idea.
Maybe it wasn't them.
Maybe it will be exactly the same for him.
Maybe it will snow.
Maybe it won't make a difference.
Maybe it won't make any difference.
Maybe it won't rain tomorrow.
Maybe it would be best to do that.
Maybe it would be better if I threw away all these books, kissed your little nose, and forgot all my worries and hardships.
Maybe it would be better if I were to just stay inside. Who wants to go out when the weather's like this?
Maybe it would be better if I were to just stay inside. Who wants to go out when the weather’s like this?
Maybe it would be better not to add pepper.
Maybe it would be better not to do that now.
Maybe it would be better not to talk too much about the past.
Maybe it would be better to call her "Doctor."
Maybe it would be good for her.
Maybe it would be unsafe to do that by yourself.
Maybe it would have been better if I hadn't done it.
Maybe it would help if I talked to Tom.
Maybe it would help to talk about it.
Maybe it would've been better if I hadn't done it.
Maybe it wouldn't be easy to do that by yourself.
Maybe it wouldn't be interesting to do that by yourself.
Maybe it wouldn't be possible to do that by yourself.
Maybe it wouldn't be safe to do that by yourself.
Maybe it wouldn't be safe to do that by yourselves.
Maybe it wouldn't be smart to do that by yourself.
Maybe it wouldn't be tough to do that by yourself.
Maybe it wouldn't be wise to do that by yourself.
Maybe it wouldn't be wise to do that by yourselves.
Maybe it'd be a good idea to take another few days before you go back on duty.
Maybe it'd be better if we split up.
Maybe it'd be good for her.
Maybe it'll be OK.
Maybe it'll be okay.
Maybe it'll help to talk about it.
Maybe it'll rain tomorrow.
Maybe it'll refresh your memory!
Maybe it'll snow.
Maybe it'll work.
Maybe it's Fadil.
Maybe it's Tom.
Maybe it's a blessing in disguise­.
Maybe it's a fake.
Maybe it's a good thing Tom and Mary aren't here.
Maybe it's a good thing Tom isn't here.
Maybe it's a price worth paying.
Maybe it's a problem with the carburetor.
Maybe it's a question of perception.
Maybe it's a trap.
Maybe it's about time I started learning to do programming.
Maybe it's about time I started learning to program.
Maybe it's all in my head.
Maybe it's all just a big misunderstanding.
Maybe it's all just a waste of time.
Maybe it's all nothing more than a waste of time.
Maybe it's an American thing.
Maybe it's bad luck.
Maybe it's because the moon isn't bright enough.
Maybe it's because you ate edibles on an empty stomach.
Maybe it's best if you leave Tom alone.
Maybe it's best not to add pepper.
Maybe it's best not to talk to Tom.
Maybe it's best not to tell Tom.
Maybe it's better that we don't know.
Maybe it's better this way.
Maybe it's better to suppose that we all aren't born with selfishness.
Maybe it's destiny.
Maybe it's easier than you think.
Maybe it's for the best.
Maybe it's great.
Maybe it's him.
Maybe it's his age but his opinions seem a little more grounded in experience than everyone else's.
Maybe it's his dark side that fascinates me.
Maybe it's just a coincidence.
Maybe it's just a small detail for you, but for me, it's very important.
Maybe it's just an illusion.
Maybe it's just me, but I really don't understand how someone could like it.
Maybe it's just me.
Maybe it's just my imagination.
Maybe it's like that.
Maybe it's not a good idea.
Maybe it's not as hard as it looks.
Maybe it's not even possible.
Maybe it's not fair.
Maybe it's not going to last.
Maybe it's not interesting.
Maybe it's not possible.
Maybe it's not such a bad idea after all.
Maybe it's not that bad.
Maybe it's not too late.
Maybe it's precisely your mistakes that make you so loveable.
Maybe it's real.
Maybe it's something important.
Maybe it's still early?
Maybe it's the low air pressure that means you get drunk more easily on planes.
Maybe it's the same person.
Maybe it's the waiting that makes me nervous and impatient.
Maybe it's time for a change.
Maybe it's time for a med adjustment.
Maybe it's time for us to leave.
Maybe it's time for you to decide what you're going to do after Tom leaves.
Maybe it's time for you to get a new computer.
Maybe it's time to change my hair and do a makeover.
Maybe it's time to give up.
Maybe it's time to let this be a thing of the past.
Maybe it's time to tell Tom we're getting divorced.
Maybe it's time to tell Tom.
Maybe it's time to tell her.
Maybe it's time to tell him.
Maybe it's time to tell them.
Maybe it's time to throw in the towel and do something else.
Maybe it's time to throw in the towel.
Maybe it's time we found out about that.
Maybe it's time you and Tom had a little talk.
Maybe it's time you got to know Tom better.
Maybe it's too late.
Maybe it's true, if companies get woke, go broke.
Maybe it's true.
Maybe it's worth it.
Maybe it’ll snow.
Maybe it’s about time I started learning to do programming.
Maybe it’s about time I started learning to program.
Maybe it’s great.
Maybe it’s his age but his opinions seem a little more grounded in experience than everyone else’s.
Maybe it’s the low air pressure that means you get drunk more easily on planes.
Maybe it’s time to change my hair and do a makeover.
Maybe it’s true.
Maybe just a short one.
Maybe later.
Maybe man will have a short life. Maybe, who knows, he will live for a long time. But, for sure, man will pass away.
Maybe mine is just an illusion.
Maybe my favourite katakana syllabogram is the one for "mu."
Maybe my favourite spot in Paris is the gigantic Louvre Museum. If I lived in Paris, I would get an annual membership card. Another Paris favourite is the booksellers of used and antiquarian books along the banks of the Seine and at the various flea markets. Paris vaguely reminds me of some obscure sci-fi stories that I have read pertaining to an old city.
Maybe my grandchild will be the first person to set foot on Mars.
Maybe my hamster will stop hiding if I offer her a treat.
Maybe my memories are playing tricks on me.
Maybe my sleep-cycle will have returned to normal by then.
Maybe next fall we will see the ugliest and most cringeworthy presidential contest in the history of the United States of America.
Maybe next time Tom can help.
Maybe next time you come over I'll cook for you.
Maybe next time you'll listen to me when I tell you to be careful.
Maybe next time!
Maybe next time.
Maybe next week we can do it.
Maybe no one will notice.
Maybe nobody else saw what happened.
Maybe nobody wants to leave.
Maybe not.
Maybe nothing has changed.
Maybe now Tom will be in the mood to talk.
Maybe now is not a good time to buy waterfront property.
Maybe now is not the time to do this.
Maybe now is the time.
Maybe now isn't the right moment.
Maybe now isn't the right time to be doing this.
Maybe now isn't the time to do this.
Maybe now's not the time to do this.
Maybe one day I'll be able to do that.
Maybe one day we'll do that.
Maybe one day you can show me how to do it.
Maybe one day you could show me how it's done.
Maybe one day you could show me how it’s done.
Maybe one day you will realise that you miss me.
Maybe one day you'll understand me.
Maybe one day, I'll go to Boston.
Maybe one day, Ziri will help Rima.
Maybe one of my grandchildren will be the first person to set foot on Mars.
Maybe one of the old floppy drives still works.
Maybe one of us could go.
Maybe others have better ideas.
Maybe others will chip in as well.
Maybe our rules are too strict.
Maybe people do that now.
Maybe people googled the quote.
Maybe people have multiple souls or spirits, structured like differently coloured and sized jewels in a chandelier.
Maybe people like us shouldn't have children.
Maybe people should get to eat and have a place to lay their head no matter what.
Maybe read the NASA document "Real Martians: How to Protect Astronauts from Space Radiation on Mars."
Maybe read the article "Quantum teleportation between light and matter."
Maybe read the article "Study Of Tachyon Dynamics For Broad Classes of Potentials."
Maybe read the astronomical document "Cassini RADAR images at Hotei Arcus and western Xanadu, Titan: Evidence for geologically recent cryovolcanic activity."
Maybe read the astronomical document "Regional geomorphology and history of Titan’s Xanadu province."
Maybe read the eccentric article "Is the Mind/Soul a Platonic Akashic Tachyonic Holographic Quantum Field?"
Maybe say yes.
Maybe see if you can do it in a little bit.
Maybe she can tell you more.
Maybe she can't do it.
Maybe she can.
Maybe she didn't hear you.
Maybe she died with a falafel in her hands.
Maybe she forgot about her promise.
Maybe she forgot me.
Maybe she forgot my birthday.
Maybe she had a fight with Fadil.
Maybe she has a bad conscience.
Maybe she has other plans?
Maybe she is coming.
Maybe she is real.
Maybe she knows the answer.
Maybe she likes someone else.
Maybe she likes you, too.
Maybe she loves you.
Maybe she really doesn't have a room of her own?
Maybe she really won't be there?
Maybe she saw the cat?
Maybe she should start losing 50 pounds.
Maybe she thought it was the best thing for her.
Maybe she was beside herself.
Maybe she was out of her mind.
Maybe she wasn't talking about you.
Maybe she wasn’t talking about you.
Maybe she will change her mind.
Maybe she will come tomorrow; maybe she didn't come yesterday only because tomorrow she will have more free time.
Maybe she will not come.
Maybe she won't come.
Maybe she'll come anyway.
Maybe she'll go to the supermarket today.
Maybe she's a relative of the dentist.
Maybe she's dead.
Maybe she's just being polite.
Maybe she's just hungry.
Maybe she's not his type.
Maybe she's related to the dentist.
Maybe so.
Maybe some examples will help?
Maybe some of them know Tom.
Maybe some other time.
Maybe some people just aren't meant to be together.
Maybe somebody made Tom do that.
Maybe somebody wants that.
Maybe somebody's trying to tell us something.
Maybe someday we'll both meet again.
Maybe someday you'll understand that.
Maybe someday you'll understand.
Maybe someday, artificial intelligence will create new languages for humans to use.
Maybe someday.
Maybe someone can help you do that.
Maybe someone could use it.
Maybe someone else can help us.
Maybe someone else can help you.
Maybe someone else found your book and gave it back to the librarian.
Maybe someone else has a better idea.
Maybe someone else is in the house.
Maybe someone else made Tom do it.
Maybe someone else would like to do this.
Maybe someone here can help us find Tom's house.
Maybe someone here knows where Tom and Mary live.
Maybe someone here knows where Tom lives.
Maybe someone made Tom do it.
Maybe someone made Tom do that.
Maybe someone made her do it.
Maybe someone made him do it.
Maybe someone made them do it.
Maybe someone needs help.
Maybe someone needs it.
Maybe someone will help Tom.
Maybe someone will help her.
Maybe someone's watching us.
Maybe something else happened.
Maybe something happened to change Tom's plans.
Maybe something happened to change Tom’s plans.
Maybe something will turn up.
Maybe something's changed.
Maybe something's wrong with me.
Maybe that could be arranged.
Maybe that is just your way of speaking.
Maybe that law needs to be changed.
Maybe that should change.
Maybe that was a mistake.
Maybe that was an honest mistake.
Maybe that was the last one.
Maybe that was the point.
Maybe that was wrong.
Maybe that wasn't the best thing to say to Tom.
Maybe that will change now.
Maybe that won't be necessary.
Maybe that won't happen.
Maybe that would work.
Maybe that wouldn't be appropriate. You see, I don't work here.
Maybe that'll be enough.
Maybe that'll tell us something.
Maybe that'll work.
Maybe that's Tom.
Maybe that's a good idea.
Maybe that's a good sign.
Maybe that's exactly what Tom and Mary want.
Maybe that's exactly what Tom wants.
Maybe that's just an illusion.
Maybe that's just what he wants you to believe.
Maybe that's not enough.
Maybe that's not such a bad idea.
Maybe that's not such a good idea.
Maybe that's not the problem.
Maybe that's part of the problem.
Maybe that's right.
Maybe that's something I can help you with.
Maybe that's something worth considering.
Maybe that's the problem.
Maybe that's the real problem.
Maybe that's the reason why Tom and Mary aren't here today.
Maybe that's the reason why Tom isn't here today.
Maybe that's the reason.
Maybe that's the secret.
Maybe that's true, but it's irrelevant.
Maybe that's what I need.
Maybe that's what I'll do.
Maybe that's what Tom and Mary were going to do.
Maybe that's what Tom and Mary were talking about.
Maybe that's what Tom meant to do.
Maybe that's what Tom meant to say.
Maybe that's what Tom meant.
Maybe that's what Tom wanted to do.
Maybe that's what Tom was going to do.
Maybe that's what Tom was talking about.
Maybe that's what Tom would do, but I wouldn't do that.
Maybe that's what he meant.
Maybe that's what he was talking about?
Maybe that's what it was.
Maybe that's what they told him too?
Maybe that's what we all need to do.
Maybe that's what we need to do.
Maybe that's what we ought to do.
Maybe that's what we should be doing now.
Maybe that's what we should do.
Maybe that's where the secret lies.
Maybe that's why Tom isn't here today.
Maybe that's why Tom told us.
Maybe that's why Tom wants to see Mary.
Maybe that's your problem.
Maybe the afterlife is really something traditional religions don't foresee.
Maybe the baby is crying because it is thirsty.
Maybe the baby is crying because it's thirsty.
Maybe the blow to the head caused you to lose your memory?
Maybe the box was empty.
Maybe the cat is hiding under the bed?
Maybe the clerk can help you.
Maybe the clerk will give me a discount.
Maybe the doctor can give Tom something for the pain.
Maybe the environment would be better off if the car had never been invented.
Maybe the guy who has fucked up everything he's ever done should be in charge of everything.
Maybe the horse is really hurt.
Maybe the impulse was working upon her subconscious.
Maybe the last dog is catching the hare.
Maybe the milk is spoiled.
Maybe the network administrator can investigate why searching for a file takes so long.
Maybe the next time you'll listen to me when I tell you to be careful.
Maybe the only one here who can do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who can't swim is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who doesn't enjoy doing that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who doesn't have to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who doesn't need to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who doesn't want to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who has to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who needs to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who wants to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who's able to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who's willing to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only ones here who can do that are Tom and Mary.
Maybe the only ones here who can't swim are Tom and Mary.
Maybe the only ones here who don't enjoy doing that are Tom and Mary.
Maybe the only ones here who don't have to do that are Tom and Mary.
Maybe the only ones here who don't need to do that are Tom and Mary.
Maybe the only ones here who don't want to do that are Tom and Mary.
Maybe the only ones here who have to do that are Tom and Mary.
Maybe the only ones here who need to do that are Tom and Mary.
Maybe the only ones here who want to do that are Tom and Mary.
Maybe the only ones here who're able to do that are Tom and Mary.
Maybe the only ones here who're willing to do that are Tom and Mary.
Maybe the poets are right. Maybe love is the only answer.
Maybe the price will go down in the future.
Maybe the problem is you, Tom.
Maybe the question's not how but why.
Maybe the question's not when but where.
Maybe the real treasure was the friends we made along the way.
Maybe the reason you're not hungry is because of all the coffee you drink.
Maybe the red one? It is cheaper.
Maybe the sentence doesn't sound natural, but it's correct.
Maybe the snow will melt soon.
Maybe the stars were not properly aligned.
Maybe the storm has past.
Maybe the two parties will be able to come to an understanding.
Maybe the village elders will intervene to reconcile them.
Maybe the voices in my head aren't right after all.
Maybe the whole herd will go somewhere else to search for water.
Maybe the woman should start losing 50 pounds.
Maybe the world would have been better off if the car had never been invented.
Maybe therapy would help.
Maybe there is hope.
Maybe there is someone else in the house.
Maybe there isn't a difference.
Maybe there was a hiker out there.
Maybe there was a power cut.
Maybe there was a power outage.
Maybe there was only one.
Maybe there wasn't anything in the box.
Maybe there's a better universe than this one.
Maybe there's a better way to do this.
Maybe there's a cheaper one.
Maybe there's a loophole.
Maybe there's a perfectly innocent explanation.
Maybe there's a scorpion under that rock.
Maybe there's a secret door.
Maybe there's another way?
Maybe there's hope for Tom after all.
Maybe there's hope for you yet.
Maybe there's no difference.
Maybe there's no need to do that.
Maybe there's someone else in the cave.
Maybe there's someone else who can help us.
Maybe there's something I can do.
Maybe there's something I missed.
Maybe there's something we missed.
Maybe there's something wrong.
Maybe there's still hope for you.
Maybe there's still time.
Maybe these two sentences should be unlinked.
Maybe they are happy.
Maybe they are somewhere around the pond.
Maybe they both definitely want divorce.
Maybe they came for something else.
Maybe they can be happy.
Maybe they can go to the park tomorrow.
Maybe they can help us find a cure.
Maybe they cheated.
Maybe they come here from time to time.
Maybe they didn't just open up a little bit.
Maybe they don't trust us.
Maybe they don't want to give away their positions.
Maybe they gave up.
Maybe they had a fight.
Maybe they hadn’t won the game.
Maybe they have something.
Maybe they hit you with the elbow or something like that?
Maybe they just don't like you.
Maybe they know something we don't.
Maybe they know something.
Maybe they should change it.
Maybe they should have told Tom the truth.
Maybe they should have told her the truth.
Maybe they should have told him the truth.
Maybe they should hear it.
Maybe they should just cancel the show.
Maybe they should've told Tom the truth.
Maybe they will come and maybe they won't.
Maybe they will come and maybe they won’t.
Maybe they will find a solution.
Maybe they will go back on their decision about this subject of divorce.
Maybe they'll arrive next week.
Maybe they'll believe me.
Maybe they'll come and maybe they won't.
Maybe they'll come back.
Maybe they'll come for you.
Maybe they'll find something.
Maybe they'll lose.
Maybe they'll recognize me.
Maybe they're busy.
Maybe they're crazy.
Maybe they're friends.
Maybe they're happy.
Maybe they're hungry.
Maybe they're playing in the park.
Maybe they've given up.
Maybe things are different now than when you lived there.
Maybe things do happen for a reason.
Maybe things just happen.
Maybe things will be better next year.
Maybe things will get better next year.
Maybe things would get better.
Maybe this belongs to Tom.
Maybe this girl is a ladyboy.
Maybe this girl is not a girl at all.
Maybe this guy is Muslim.
Maybe this is a bad example.
Maybe this is a bad time.
Maybe this is a chance for you to set things right.
Maybe this is all Yanni's fault.
Maybe this is all one big joke.
Maybe this is all you have left to do.
Maybe this is an omen.
Maybe this is correct.
Maybe this is just a bad dream.
Maybe this is just the beginning.
Maybe this is love.
Maybe this is not such a good idea.
Maybe this is what God intended.
Maybe this is what Tom and Mary were looking for.
Maybe this is what Tom was looking for.
Maybe this is what is best for Yanni.
Maybe this is what we've been waiting for.
Maybe this is who Tom has always been, and he's just showing us now.
Maybe this isn't a bad thing.
Maybe this isn't a good example.
Maybe this isn't a problem.
Maybe this isn't such a good idea.
Maybe this isn't the right moment.
Maybe this isn't the right place to do this.
Maybe this isn't the right time to be doing this.
Maybe this little sentence can help someone.
Maybe this makes sense.
Maybe this only happens in Australia.
Maybe this only happens in Boston.
Maybe this opinion is correct.
Maybe this time I won't be alright.
Maybe this time people will listen to us.
Maybe this was a mistake.
Maybe this was all meant to happen.
Maybe this wasn't such a good idea.
Maybe this weekend we could go to the beach together.
Maybe this will convince you.
Maybe this will help you.
Maybe this will help.
Maybe this will never happen again.
Maybe this will refresh your memory.
Maybe this world is another planet's Hell.
Maybe this world is another planet’s Hell.
Maybe this would help.
Maybe this would sound better in French.
Maybe this year we'll finally win Eurovision.
Maybe this'll cheer you up.
Maybe those men saw him.
Maybe today you can give us a couple of tips about how to use the dictionaries.
Maybe tomorrow I'll go to Tom's.
Maybe tomorrow I'll take my shahada.
Maybe tomorrow, I'll find my way.
Maybe tomorrow, I’ll find my way.
Maybe tomorrow.
Maybe tonight I'm going to my younger sister's house.
Maybe tonight I’m going to my younger sister’s house.
Maybe tonight Yanni will be better.
Maybe tonight we won't see each other but, in any case, one of us will ring the other, is that ok?
Maybe unbanning Nazis isn't the right way to replace the massive exodus from your site.
Maybe up to a thousand people were there.
Maybe we already have enough money to buy a house.
Maybe we are just barking up the wrong tree.
Maybe we both need time to think.
Maybe we can buy Tom a new one.
Maybe we can buy her a new one.
Maybe we can buy him a new one.
Maybe we can buy that for Tom.
Maybe we can buy them a new one.
Maybe we can buy you a new one.
Maybe we can catch up later.
Maybe we can change that.
Maybe we can circle back.
Maybe we can come together one on one and have a meeting.
Maybe we can do something to help.
Maybe we can do that for Tom.
Maybe we can do that later when we're not so busy.
Maybe we can do that next week.
Maybe we can do that next year.
Maybe we can do that together again.
Maybe we can do that.
Maybe we can do this some other time.
Maybe we can find a new way to do that.
Maybe we can find someplace to park further up the street.
Maybe we can find the answer.
Maybe we can fix it.
Maybe we can fix that.
Maybe we can fix this.
Maybe we can go fishing next week.
Maybe we can go there together again.
Maybe we can help Tom.
Maybe we can help each other out.
Maybe we can help each other.
Maybe we can help her.
Maybe we can help him.
Maybe we can help them.
Maybe we can help you do that.
Maybe we can help you.
Maybe we can help.
Maybe we can make a deal.
Maybe we can make it on time.
Maybe we can make it.
Maybe we can meet her there?
Maybe we can repair it.
Maybe we can reuse the wool from this jacket that moth chewed up.
Maybe we can send Tom a present.
Maybe we can sit at a table near the window.
Maybe we can sit together.
Maybe we can solve your problems.
Maybe we can stay a little bit longer.
Maybe we can stay in Australia with Tom.
Maybe we can stay in Boston with Tom.
Maybe we can stop at Tom's.
Maybe we can stop by and see you!
Maybe we can strike a deal.
Maybe we can talk about that later.
Maybe we can talk about this later.
Maybe we can talk about this some other time.
Maybe we can talk later.
Maybe we can talk more about this later.
Maybe we can talk sometime.
Maybe we can talk to Tom.
Maybe we can talk to her.
Maybe we can talk to him.
Maybe we can talk to them.
Maybe we can talk.
Maybe we can travel together again.
Maybe we can trick Tom into incriminating himself.
Maybe we can try calling Tom again later.
Maybe we can work it out.
Maybe we can work something out.
Maybe we can.
Maybe we could collaborate.
Maybe we could do our homework together.
Maybe we could do something Friday.
Maybe we could find treasure in this part of the island.
Maybe we could get together after work.
Maybe we could get together later.
Maybe we could get together sometime and have lunch.
Maybe we could get together tomorrow afternoon.
Maybe we could go dancing.
Maybe we could go up there.
Maybe we could hang at your place.
Maybe we could hang out again this weekend.
Maybe we could hang out and watch a movie or something.
Maybe we could hang out and watch a movie.
Maybe we could hang out at your place.
Maybe we could hang out some time?
Maybe we could have prevented this from happening.
Maybe we could have worked out our problems.
Maybe we could help each other.
Maybe we could make a deal.
Maybe we could meet up after school.
Maybe we could meet up after work, or something?
Maybe we could meet up after work.
Maybe we could meet up after work?
Maybe we could meet up later.
Maybe we could meet up later?
Maybe we could meet up sometimes.
Maybe we could meet up tomorrow night.
Maybe we could open a little shop next to the campsite.
Maybe we could spend some time together.
Maybe we could start a team.
Maybe we could study together in the library.
Maybe we could study together sometime.
Maybe we could take one.
Maybe we could talk about that.
Maybe we could talk to Tom about that.
Maybe we could try doing more.
Maybe we could work together.
Maybe we could've prevented this from happening.
Maybe we could've worked out our problems.
Maybe we don't have to do that.
Maybe we don't have to say it.
Maybe we don't need to do that.
Maybe we don't need to tell Tom.
Maybe we don't really need to be there on time.
Maybe we have to cook it.
Maybe we have to do it.
Maybe we have to remember it.
Maybe we have to say it.
Maybe we heard it wrong?
Maybe we just got off to a bad start.
Maybe we just need to be attentive?
Maybe we just need to pay attention?
Maybe we just weren't meant to be together.
Maybe we missed something.
Maybe we need a better strategy.
Maybe we need more food.
Maybe we need more than that.
Maybe we need to get a watchdog.
Maybe we need to make a new rule.
Maybe we need to make some new rules.
Maybe we need to take a step back.
Maybe we ought to ask Tom for advice.
Maybe we ought to ask Tom.
Maybe we ought to ask her.
Maybe we ought to ask him.
Maybe we ought to ask them.
Maybe we ought to find who did this.
Maybe we ought to fire Tom.
Maybe we ought to get Tom.
Maybe we ought to hire Tom.
Maybe we ought to leave things the way they are.
Maybe we really are alone.
Maybe we should all get some sleep.
Maybe we should all sit down and try to talk about this calmly.
Maybe we should all spend a little thinking about this.
Maybe we should ask Mary if she wants this old piano.
Maybe we should ask Mary what she thinks.
Maybe we should ask Tom and Mary if they want this old piano.
Maybe we should ask Tom for help.
Maybe we should ask Tom if he knows Mary's phone number.
Maybe we should ask Tom if he wants this old piano.
Maybe we should ask Tom to do that for us.
Maybe we should ask Tom to do that somewhere else.
Maybe we should ask Tom to do that.
Maybe we should ask Tom to help us.
Maybe we should ask Tom to help.
Maybe we should ask Tom what he thinks.
Maybe we should ask Tom what we should do.
Maybe we should ask Tom why he doesn't want to do that.
Maybe we should ask Tom, too.
Maybe we should ask Tom.
Maybe we should ask Tom?
Maybe we should ask for directions.
Maybe we should ask him for directions.
Maybe we should ask somebody else.
Maybe we should ask someone else.
Maybe we should ask someone for directions.
Maybe we should ask someone for help.
Maybe we should be less picky next time.
Maybe we should be more picky next time.
Maybe we should be quiet.
Maybe we should begin there.
Maybe we should blame Tom for what we did.
Maybe we should build a new wall.
Maybe we should burn all this stuff.
Maybe we should buy a new one.
Maybe we should buy less.
Maybe we should call Tom.
Maybe we should call her.
Maybe we should call him.
Maybe we should call it a night.
Maybe we should call the police.
Maybe we should call the whole thing off.
Maybe we should call them.
Maybe we should call this off.
Maybe we should cancel the meeting.
Maybe we should come back another day.
Maybe we should come back another time.
Maybe we should come back later.
Maybe we should consider leaving.
Maybe we should do something about that.
Maybe we should do that after Tom and Mary get here.
Maybe we should do that after Tom gets here.
Maybe we should do that again.
Maybe we should do that together.
Maybe we should do that.
Maybe we should do this later.
Maybe we should do this somewhere else.
Maybe we should do this together.
Maybe we should eat something.
Maybe we should fight.
Maybe we should forget it.
Maybe we should get Tom to proofread this?
Maybe we should get some help.
Maybe we should get started.
Maybe we should get there early.
Maybe we should give them a hand.
Maybe we should go back to Australia.
Maybe we should go back to Boston.
Maybe we should go back.
Maybe we should go bowling.
Maybe we should go home now.
Maybe we should go home.
Maybe we should go now.
Maybe we should go to Australia next summer.
Maybe we should go to Australia.
Maybe we should go to Boston next summer.
Maybe we should go to Boston.
Maybe we should go to the repair shop.
Maybe we should go.
Maybe we should have listened to Tom.
Maybe we should have peeled the apples before we ate them.
Maybe we should have thought of this before.
Maybe we should help Tom.
Maybe we should help her.
Maybe we should help him.
Maybe we should help them.
Maybe we should just give up.
Maybe we should just go.
Maybe we should just ignore Tom.
Maybe we should just leave.
Maybe we should just let Tom leave.
Maybe we should just sit down.
Maybe we should just sit for a while.
Maybe we should keep looking.
Maybe we should leave you behind.
Maybe we should leave.
Maybe we should make new plans.
Maybe we should open it now.
Maybe we should park here.
Maybe we should plan to leave a bit earlier.
Maybe we should pray.
Maybe we should quit.
Maybe we should return to Australia.
Maybe we should return to Boston.
Maybe we should sit somewhere else.
Maybe we should sit together.
Maybe we should sleep on it.
Maybe we should split up.
Maybe we should start.
Maybe we should stay here and help Tom.
Maybe we should stay here with Tom.
Maybe we should stay here with you.
Maybe we should stay indoors today.
Maybe we should stay right here.
Maybe we should stop and ask for directions.
Maybe we should stop and ask the way at a petrol station.
Maybe we should stop at a gas station to ask for directions.
Maybe we should stop by and see Tom.
Maybe we should stop doing this.
Maybe we should stop the car.
Maybe we should stop.
Maybe we should switch jobs.
Maybe we should take Tom with us.
Maybe we should take a break.
Maybe we should take a lesson from them.
Maybe we should take a step back before we fall?
Maybe we should take a step back so we don't fall?
Maybe we should talk about something else.
Maybe we should talk about that.
Maybe we should talk about this elsewhere.
Maybe we should talk about this first.
Maybe we should talk about this somewhere else.
Maybe we should talk again tomorrow.
Maybe we should talk in private.
Maybe we should talk later.
Maybe we should talk to Tom about that.
Maybe we should talk to Tom again.
Maybe we should talk to Tom.
Maybe we should talk to her.
Maybe we should talk to him.
Maybe we should talk to them.
Maybe we should talk.
Maybe we should tell Tom that he's being obnoxious.
Maybe we should tell Tom.
Maybe we should tell her.
Maybe we should tell him.
Maybe we should tell somebody.
Maybe we should tell them.
Maybe we should try a different approach.
Maybe we should try a little harder.
Maybe we should try again.
Maybe we should try doing something else.
Maybe we should try doing this a different way.
Maybe we should try doing this again next week.
Maybe we should try doing this another way.
Maybe we should try harder.
Maybe we should try looking inside.
Maybe we should try to change that law.
Maybe we should try to defuse the bomb.
Maybe we should turn back.
Maybe we should visit Australia.
Maybe we should visit Boston.
Maybe we should wait a little longer.
Maybe we should wait another week. There's no rush.
Maybe we should wait for Tom.
Maybe we should wait till everyone gets here before we start.
Maybe we should wait until Tom and Mary get here.
Maybe we should wait until Tom gets here.
Maybe we should wait.
Maybe we should wear gloves.
Maybe we should work on this together.
Maybe we should've done that.
Maybe we should've done what Tom suggested.
Maybe we should've followed Tom's advice.
Maybe we should've just done that.
Maybe we should've listened to Tom.
Maybe we should've listened to him.
Maybe we should've peeled the apples before we ate them.
Maybe we should've taken more risks.
Maybe we shouldn't be doing this.
Maybe we shouldn't bother to wait for Tom.
Maybe we shouldn't change anything.
Maybe we shouldn't change things.
Maybe we shouldn't do that again.
Maybe we shouldn't do that anymore.
Maybe we shouldn't do that today.
Maybe we shouldn't do that.
Maybe we shouldn't do this here.
Maybe we shouldn't do this.
Maybe we shouldn't eat any more.
Maybe we shouldn't go there again.
Maybe we shouldn't go there.
Maybe we shouldn't have come here.
Maybe we shouldn't have done what we did.
Maybe we shouldn't have gone to Tom's party last night.
Maybe we shouldn't have got married.
Maybe we shouldn't have gotten married.
Maybe we shouldn't have stayed in Australia so long.
Maybe we shouldn't have stayed in Boston so long.
Maybe we shouldn't have stayed so long.
Maybe we shouldn't have taken this road.
Maybe we shouldn't have told Tom about what Mary did.
Maybe we shouldn't have told Tom about what happened to Mary.
Maybe we shouldn't leave early anymore.
Maybe we shouldn't leave early today.
Maybe we shouldn't leave early.
Maybe we shouldn't spend any more time together.
Maybe we shouldn't spend so much time together.
Maybe we were too optimistic.
Maybe we will meet Tom there.
Maybe we will see each other there.
Maybe we won't be able to fix that.
Maybe we won't find anybody to do that.
Maybe we won't find anybody who wants to do anything with us.
Maybe we won't find anyone to do that.
Maybe we won't find anyone who wants to do anything with us.
Maybe we won't finish on time.
Maybe we won't go.
Maybe we won't have to wait.
Maybe we won't invite Tom.
Maybe we'd better ask Tom.
Maybe we'd better go look for Tom.
Maybe we'd better leave.
Maybe we'd better not let Tom do that.
Maybe we'd both feel a little better if we took a break.
Maybe we'd both feel a little better if we went for a drive.
Maybe we'll be able to go there tomorrow.
Maybe we'll be back.
Maybe we'll be working together.
Maybe we'll find succor in the nearest village.
Maybe we'll get lucky and catch the thief.
Maybe we'll get lucky.
Maybe we'll go to the secluded place then?
Maybe we'll have a bit of luck this year.
Maybe we'll have a talk one of these days.
Maybe we'll have better luck next time.
Maybe we'll learn something new today.
Maybe we'll lose.
Maybe we'll meet again in the future.
Maybe we'll meet again sometime soon.
Maybe we'll meet him in the street.
Maybe we'll meet there.
Maybe we'll never find Tom.
Maybe we'll play some basketball.
Maybe we'll recognize it.
Maybe we'll see Tom again in a few years.
Maybe we'll see each other again tonight.
Maybe we'll see each other again.
Maybe we'll see each other around.
Maybe we'll see each other later.
Maybe we'll see each other there.
Maybe we'll see some dolphins.
Maybe we'll talk about it another time.
Maybe we'll try again later.
Maybe we'll win.
Maybe we're both mistaken.
Maybe we're connected by destiny.
Maybe we're crazy.
Maybe we're doing this all backwards.
Maybe we're gonna work.
Maybe we're just going to have to tell Tom to do that.
Maybe we're missing something.
Maybe we're not supposed to be doing this.
Maybe we're not supposed to do this.
Maybe we're overlooking the obvious.
Maybe we're related.
Maybe we're too late.
Maybe we're too old for Halloween.
Maybe we've been cheated.
Maybe what I want doesn't matter anymore.
Maybe what Tom said was true.
Maybe what you need is a little help.
Maybe what you said about Tom is right.
Maybe what you said is true.
Maybe what you want to know is in one of these books.
Maybe yes, maybe not.
Maybe yes.
Maybe you and I can do that together again.
Maybe you and I can go there together.
Maybe you and I can sit together.
Maybe you and I can travel together again.
Maybe you and I could do that together later.
Maybe you and I could get together later.
Maybe you and I could get together tomorrow afternoon.
Maybe you and I could go fishing together sometime.
Maybe you and I could spend some time together.
Maybe you and I could work together.
Maybe you and I should do something.
Maybe you and I should do that together.
Maybe you and I should get something to eat.
Maybe you and I should sit together.
Maybe you and Tom should have a little talk.
Maybe you are cold since you are shivering?
Maybe you are doing this out of interest.
Maybe you are the bad guy pretending to be the good guy.
Maybe you are working too hard.
Maybe you aren't doing that correctly.
Maybe you aren't on my side anymore.
Maybe you can convince Tom not to leave.
Maybe you can convince Tom to do that, but I doubt it.
Maybe you can explain this to me.
Maybe you can find out more about that in this book.
Maybe you can find the replacement parts you need in a salvage yard.
Maybe you can get Tom to help.
Maybe you can get Tom to run the marathon with you.
Maybe you can get Tom to tell Mary that.
Maybe you can get Tom to tell you where Mary is.
Maybe you can help Tom.
Maybe you can help me catch him.
Maybe you can help me do that.
Maybe you can help me find out what I need to know.
Maybe you can help me find out where Tom went.
Maybe you can help me identify these things.
Maybe you can help me out here.
Maybe you can help me out.
Maybe you can help me with a problem I'm having.
Maybe you can help me with it.
Maybe you can help me.
Maybe you can help us isolate the problem.
Maybe you can help us.
Maybe you can help.
Maybe you can inject some bleach into your arm.
Maybe you can make your own musical instruments. You can use my tools and the scrap in the garden.
Maybe you can persuade Tom not to leave.
Maybe you can show me at some point how you do it.
Maybe you can show me how it's done one day.
Maybe you can stay at Tom's.
Maybe you can take your makeup off now.
Maybe you can talk to Tom.
Maybe you can tell me what's going on.
Maybe you can tell me where I can find Tom.
Maybe you can't hear me.
Maybe you can't hear me?
Maybe you contain it.
Maybe you control it.
Maybe you could be my roommate.
Maybe you could change Tom's mind.
Maybe you could come back later.
Maybe you could do both things.
Maybe you could do both.
Maybe you could do it once.
Maybe you could draw me a map?
Maybe you could draw me a picture.
Maybe you could enlighten me.
Maybe you could fill me in.
Maybe you could get a bike.
Maybe you could have put in more effort.
Maybe you could help me celebrate.
Maybe you could help me do this.
Maybe you could help me find Tom.
Maybe you could help me.
Maybe you could learn a thing or two from Tom.
Maybe you could learn a thing or two from her.
Maybe you could learn a thing or two from him.
Maybe you could put in a good word for me.
Maybe you could sprinkle some instant coffee into the paint. This would give it the desired brownish tone.
Maybe you could stay with us.
Maybe you could talk to Tom.
Maybe you could talk to her.
Maybe you could talk to him.
Maybe you could talk to them.
Maybe you could tell me where Tom and Mary are.
Maybe you could tell me where Tom is.
Maybe you could tell me where she is.
Maybe you could use a flange on it?
Maybe you could work at Chuck's Diner.
Maybe you deserve it.
Maybe you did do that the wrong way.
Maybe you did do that wrong.
Maybe you did it wrong.
Maybe you did that the wrong way.
Maybe you did that wrong.
Maybe you didn't do it right.
Maybe you didn't do that right.
Maybe you didn't do that the right way.
Maybe you didn't hear me.
Maybe you didn't try hard enough.
Maybe you didn't understand Tom.
Maybe you didn't understand her properly.
Maybe you didn't understand me.
Maybe you disagree with what I'm saying.
Maybe you disagree.
Maybe you do, but I don't.
Maybe you don't agree with what I'm saying.
Maybe you don't have to.
Maybe you don't know me as well as you think.
Maybe you don't know this, but nobody could ever take your place.
Maybe you don't like reading certain things.
Maybe you don't need to tell her.
Maybe you don't quite understand the seriousness of our situation.
Maybe you don't remember me anymore.
Maybe you don't remember me, but I remember you.
Maybe you don't see it.
Maybe you don't understand the situation properly.
Maybe you don't want to remember.
Maybe you don't watch TV that often.
Maybe you don't, but I do.
Maybe you don’t know this, but nobody could ever take your place.
Maybe you dreamed it!
Maybe you dreamed it.
Maybe you dreamed of it!
Maybe you embank it.
Maybe you gave me something while I was unconscious.
Maybe you gave up too fast.
Maybe you got the date wrong.
Maybe you guys are right.
Maybe you have a better solution.
Maybe you have a fever.
Maybe you have a point.
Maybe you have always experienced the same thing.
Maybe you have bad breath.
Maybe you haven't been looking in the right places.
Maybe you just didn't care.
Maybe you just misunderstood me.
Maybe you just need to study harder.
Maybe you just need to take a walk.
Maybe you just need to unburden your heart.
Maybe you know what you want.
Maybe you know where my books are?
Maybe you know.
Maybe you left it in your room.
Maybe you left it on your desk.
Maybe you licked it?
Maybe you missed something.
Maybe you misunderstood Tom.
Maybe you misunderstood me.
Maybe you misunderstood.
Maybe you need a vacation.
Maybe you need to be reminded how dangerous Tom and Mary are.
Maybe you need to be reminded how dangerous Tom is.
Maybe you need to do the same thing I'm doing.
Maybe you need to go get some fresh air.
Maybe you need to have felt love to properly recognise friendship.
Maybe you need to help Tom.
Maybe you need to take a step back and think about who you are and why you are doing this.
Maybe you need to take a step back and think about who you are and why you're doing this.
Maybe you need to take a step back and think about why you are doing this.
Maybe you need to take a step back and think about why you're doing this.
Maybe you need to take a step back.
Maybe you omitted something.
Maybe you ought to do what Tom told you to do.
Maybe you ought to just calm the hell down, my brother.
Maybe you ought to let Mary do what she wants to do.
Maybe you ought to let Tom and Mary do what they want to do.
Maybe you ought to let Tom do what he wants to do.
Maybe you ought to talk to Tom.
Maybe you ought to talk to her.
Maybe you ought to talk to him.
Maybe you ought to talk to them.
Maybe you ought to tell Tom the truth.
Maybe you pressed the wrong button.
Maybe you saw that writer.
Maybe you should also ask.
Maybe you should apologize for all of the stupid things you did.
Maybe you should ask Tom for advice.
Maybe you should ask Tom that question.
Maybe you should ask Tom to do that.
Maybe you should ask Tom.
Maybe you should ask around and see what other people think.
Maybe you should ask her.
Maybe you should ask him.
Maybe you should ask them.
Maybe you should ask.
Maybe you should buy it.
Maybe you should call Tom.
Maybe you should call her.
Maybe you should call him.
Maybe you should call the cops.
Maybe you should call the police.
Maybe you should call them.
Maybe you should cancel the meeting.
Maybe you should change your hairstyle.
Maybe you should check your privilege.
Maybe you should come down here.
Maybe you should come with me.
Maybe you should date nice regular guys.
Maybe you should do just that.
Maybe you should do that now.
Maybe you should do that.
Maybe you should do the same thing I'm doing.
Maybe you should do this together.
Maybe you should do what Tom asked you to do.
Maybe you should do what Tom suggested.
Maybe you should do what Tom told you to do.
Maybe you should drink less.
Maybe you should find another job.
Maybe you should finish this book.
Maybe you should follow Tom's advice.
Maybe you should get a bicycle.
Maybe you should get some help.
Maybe you should get some rest.
Maybe you should get some sleep.
Maybe you should give me that weapon.
Maybe you should go ask Tom.
Maybe you should go ask her.
Maybe you should go ask him.
Maybe you should go back home.
Maybe you should go check up on Tom.
Maybe you should go home.
Maybe you should go on a date with Tom.
Maybe you should go talk to Tom.
Maybe you should go to Australia.
Maybe you should go to Boston.
Maybe you should go to bed.
Maybe you should go to the hospital.
Maybe you should grow up.
Maybe you should have a little talk with Tom.
Maybe you should have a talk with Tom.
Maybe you should have said something about this earlier.
Maybe you should have thought of that before you did what you did.
Maybe you should have thought of this before.
Maybe you should have told Tom that.
Maybe you should have told Tom the truth.
Maybe you should have told her the truth.
Maybe you should have told him the truth.
Maybe you should have tried harder.
Maybe you should just fire Tom.
Maybe you should just fire her.
Maybe you should just fire him.
Maybe you should just fire them.
Maybe you should just give up.
Maybe you should just go.
Maybe you should just leave Tom alone.
Maybe you should just leave.
Maybe you should just say when you don't like something instead of always bottling it up.
Maybe you should learn French.
Maybe you should learn how to use a gun.
Maybe you should learn to read.
Maybe you should leave me alone.
Maybe you should leave.
Maybe you should let Mary go to Boston like she wants to.
Maybe you should let Tom and Mary go to Boston like they want to.
Maybe you should let Tom do it for us.
Maybe you should let Tom do it.
Maybe you should let Tom go to Australia like he wants to.
Maybe you should let Tom go to Boston like he wants to.
Maybe you should lie down.
Maybe you should listen to Tom.
Maybe you should listen to me.
Maybe you should listen.
Maybe you should look into that.
Maybe you should lose some extra weight.
Maybe you should make brochures for Interlingua and distribute them.
Maybe you should move.
Maybe you should open it now.
Maybe you should postpone your party.
Maybe you should punish me.
Maybe you should put that trophy in the living room.
Maybe you should quit drinking.
Maybe you should quit.
Maybe you should say something.
Maybe you should see a doctor.
Maybe you should send Tom something.
Maybe you should shop around a little.
Maybe you should start walking to work.
Maybe you should stay away from me. I might be contagious.
Maybe you should stay home from school tomorrow.
Maybe you should stay indoors.
Maybe you should stay with us.
Maybe you should stop reading romance novels.
Maybe you should study harder next time.
Maybe you should take Tom's advice.
Maybe you should take a break.
Maybe you should take a few days off.
Maybe you should take a look at this again.
Maybe you should take a look.
Maybe you should take an intelligence test.
Maybe you should take care of that before we get started.
Maybe you should take me home.
Maybe you should take off the tinfoil hat.
Maybe you should take off the tinfoil hat. They might notice it and come after us.
Maybe you should take the children somewhere.
Maybe you should take your own advice.
Maybe you should talk to Tom again.
Maybe you should talk to Tom.
Maybe you should talk to her.
Maybe you should talk to him.
Maybe you should talk to them.
Maybe you should tell Tom that.
Maybe you should tell Tom the truth.
Maybe you should tell Tom you don't need that.
Maybe you should tell Tom.
Maybe you should tell her that.
Maybe you should tell her the truth.
Maybe you should tell her.
Maybe you should tell him that.
Maybe you should tell him the truth.
Maybe you should tell him.
Maybe you should tell them that.
Maybe you should tell them.
Maybe you should trust Tom more.
Maybe you should try a different size.
Maybe you should try a little harder.
Maybe you should try a new shampoo.
Maybe you should try actually doing it this time.
Maybe you should try couples therapy.
Maybe you should try doing something else.
Maybe you should try doing that again.
Maybe you should try doing that.
Maybe you should try exercising.
Maybe you should try it sometime.
Maybe you should try it.
Maybe you should try some of this.
Maybe you should turn off the TV.
Maybe you should turn off the television and do something else.
Maybe you should use that new technique that Tom showed you.
Maybe you should wait.
Maybe you should watch the road.
Maybe you should work on that.
Maybe you should write this down.
Maybe you should've said something about this earlier.
Maybe you should've thought of that before you did what you did.
Maybe you should've told Tom that.
Maybe you should've told Tom the truth.
Maybe you should've tried harder.
Maybe you shouldn't be alone now.
Maybe you shouldn't be doing that here.
Maybe you shouldn't be doing that.
Maybe you shouldn't do that again.
Maybe you shouldn't do that anymore.
Maybe you shouldn't do that now.
Maybe you shouldn't do that with Tom again.
Maybe you shouldn't do that with Tom anymore.
Maybe you shouldn't do that with Tom.
Maybe you shouldn't do that.
Maybe you shouldn't eat that.
Maybe you shouldn't give Tom a key to your apartment.
Maybe you shouldn't go with Tom.
Maybe you shouldn't have told Tom about that.
Maybe you shouldn't have told Tom about what happened.
Maybe you shouldn't have told Tom that.
Maybe you shouldn't have told Tom the truth.
Maybe you shouldn't have told Tom where we went.
Maybe you shouldn't have told Tom why we did that.
Maybe you shouldn't have told Tom.
Maybe you shouldn't leave early.
Maybe you shouldn't leave.
Maybe you shouldn't quit.
Maybe you shouldn't tell Tom the truth.
Maybe you shouldn't tell Tom.
Maybe you shouldn't tell her.
Maybe you shouldn't tell him.
Maybe you shouldn't tell me.
Maybe you shouldn't tell them.
Maybe you shouldn't tell us.
Maybe you shouldn't tempt fate.
Maybe you stem it.
Maybe you succeed.
Maybe you talk a lot, but you're a smart guy.
Maybe you told someone else to stop doing that, but not me.
Maybe you two could help us.
Maybe you understand.
Maybe you want to talk in private.
Maybe you were followed.
Maybe you were looking in the wrong place?
Maybe you were right.
Maybe you were wrong.
Maybe you will come to see us when you have free time.
Maybe you will get a fine.
Maybe you will see each other there.
Maybe you won't believe me.
Maybe you'd better call Tom.
Maybe you'd better call her.
Maybe you'd better call him.
Maybe you'd better call them.
Maybe you'd better come with us.
Maybe you'd better go and look for Tom.
Maybe you'd better go and see what Tom is doing.
Maybe you'd better go get Tom.
Maybe you'd better go get her.
Maybe you'd better go get him.
Maybe you'd better go get them.
Maybe you'd better go look for Tom.
Maybe you'd better have a talk with Tom.
Maybe you'd better leave.
Maybe you'd better not do that.
Maybe you'd better not sing.
Maybe you'd better not tell Tom.
Maybe you'd better sit down.
Maybe you'd better take a look at this.
Maybe you'd better tell Tom.
Maybe you'd like to call your lawyer.
Maybe you'd like to come with us.
Maybe you'd like to do that.
Maybe you'd like to drink some tea?
Maybe you'd like to go with us.
Maybe you'd like to have a drink with me.
Maybe you'd like to help.
Maybe you'd like to meet Tom.
Maybe you'd like to meet her.
Maybe you'd like to meet him.
Maybe you'd like to meet them.
Maybe you'd rather stay inside.
Maybe you'll come back to me?
Maybe you'll get lucky.
Maybe you'll get that job.
Maybe you'll get the job.
Maybe you'll have to defend yourself.
Maybe you'll have to defend yourselves.
Maybe you'll have to do that.
Maybe you'll learn a lesson from this.
Maybe you'll like it here.
Maybe you'll lose.
Maybe you'll meet him.
Maybe you'll need more help.
Maybe you'll see each other there.
Maybe you'll succeed.
Maybe you're a little too into it.
Maybe you're doing it wrong.
Maybe you're doing that wrong.
Maybe you're in love.
Maybe you're just an idiot.
Maybe you're just better off alone.
Maybe you're just not getting enough sleep.
Maybe you're lying.
Maybe you're not as stupid as you look.
Maybe you're not as stupid as you sound.
Maybe you're not getting enough sleep.
Maybe you're not supposed to do that.
Maybe you're not the most talkative person. This, however, doesn't mean that you don't have a lot to say.
Maybe you're not used to seeing a normal girl without makeup?
Maybe you're oversimplifying the problem.
Maybe you're right after all.
Maybe you're right and I should have been more forthcoming, but I was trying to spare your feelings.
Maybe you're right and I'm wrong.
Maybe you're right or maybe not, who knows?
Maybe you're right!
Maybe you're right, Mary.
Maybe you're right, after all.
Maybe you're right, we don't talk to each other much.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe you're seeing what you want to see.
Maybe you're the one that'll have to do that.
Maybe you're the one who'll have to do that.
Maybe you're the one with the problem.
Maybe you're the only person who can do that.
Maybe you're the problem, Tom!
Maybe you're too young to be doing that.
Maybe you're too young.
Maybe you're trying too hard.
Maybe you're working too hard.
Maybe you're wrong.
Maybe you've forgotten that I am married.
Maybe you've forgotten why I came here.
Maybe you've forgotten why I'm still mad at Tom.
Maybe you've had enough to drink.
Maybe you've heard of him?
Maybe you've heard of our restaurants.
Maybe you've heard this joke before.
Maybe you've just forgotten.
Maybe your boyfriend will surprise you for Valentine's Day.
Maybe your cold got worse.
Maybe your dreams will be realized today!
Maybe your earring is under the table.
Maybe your luck is changing.
Maybe your name really is Tom.
Maybe your problem is that you don't know what to do.
Maybe you’d better come with us.
Maybe you’ll come back to me?
Maybe you’ll succeed.
Maybe you’re right, after all.
Maybe you’re right.
Maybe!
Maybe, Filipino dictionaries need upgrading to include English loanwords with Filipinized spelling. I am thinking of English-derived words like "metabolisem." Sometimes, some Filipinos would prefer it to the more well-established Spanish-derived word "metabolismo." Though "metabolisem" does not exist in Filipino dictionaries, maybe it and others like it should. The current treatment of English loanwords is to spell as is from the English, unlike what is done for Spanish loanwords.
Maybe, I need to use some infinitive construction?
Maybe, I should stay here.
Maybe, I'll give it a try sometime.
Maybe, all you need is a French keyboard with accents.
Maybe, as you are saying, we are idiots.
Maybe, but I can't catch the drift of even simple situations.
Maybe, but I can’t catch the drift of even simple situations.
Maybe, but he wants me to stop cold turkey.
Maybe, humanity's machine children will explore and colonize outer space. The future may be postbiological.
Maybe, if J.R.R. Tolkien were born years later, he would have written more sci-fi instead of fantasy.
Maybe, in some decades from now, when the global population would have passed plateauing and gone into decline, housing would be better for many.
Maybe, interstellar biology has complex origins in both panspermia and independent abiogeneses.
Maybe, it's a crazy idea that there is God or are gods and there are aliens. I surmise that God is or the gods are not like persons. And hierarchically, there are aliens below. Aliens have a more immediate controlling influence over my life. God could be everything or everything and beyond it, respectively pantheism and panentheism. God could be more like space, light, or wind. Meanwhile, aliens could be sentient beings, more like people.
Maybe, just maybe, as people get older, there is a tendency towards asexuality.
Maybe, maybe not...
Maybe, my favourite Toki Pona word is "mun," meaning "moon" or a "celestial object."
Maybe, other advanced alien civilizations are already postbiological.
Maybe, people are like guppies in a fishbowl that is the Earth. We are stuck here.
Maybe, she will find her true place.
Maybe, some East Indians prefer French.
Maybe, the EU will need Russia.
Maybe, the Japanese animistic belief in the "kami"—spirits, souls, and gods ubiquitous in nature—facilitates the incorporation of Jesus Christ. Some Hindus in India believe that Jesus Christ was one of the incarnations of Vishnu.
Maybe, the Moon will be colonized first before Mars.
Maybe, the future won't be human.
Maybe, the gods are aliens, or God is an alien.
Maybe, the least "mundane" of my friends is Bratislav, the ufologist of Croatian ancestry. He likes to tell me farflung stories.
Maybe, we could explore a power dynamic like boss and employee.
Maybe, why Elon Musk emphasizes Mars instead of Luna is that Luna is not far enough. Maybe, it is safer to have humanity's second home farther out. Mars has about the same surface area as the land surface area of Earth. Luna is smaller and is maybe too close to Earth.
Maybe, you can still find your own happiness.
Maybe, you don't know my mind doesn't work in English, even if I always speak it.
Maybe, your religion teaches you that a married life is the only way in adulthood. A life like a monk or nun is more suitable for many.
Maybe, your science background is not good. I sense that you are religious.
Maybe.
Mayday!
Mayday, Mayday!
Mayday, mayday!
Mayflies are ephemeral. As adults they live but a day. Sometimes it's a rainy day.
Maynard Ferguson was born on May 4, 1928, in Montreal, Canada. He began playing piano and violin at age four. At age nine, he discovered the trumpet. Four years later, he won a scholarship with the French Conservatory of Music, and was invited to perform with the Canadian Broadcasting Company Orchestra. As a student in Montreal, he was the leader of a warm-up band for some of the era's best-known orchestras, including Count Basie, Duke Ellington, Tommy Dorsey, Woody Herman and Dizzy Gillespie. In a 1996 interview, Ferguson said Dizzy Gillespie was second only to Louis Armstrong as his favorite horn player.
Maynard’s book is aimed at young readers, telling them the story of Fiona’s struggle to survive, while also teaching them about hippos.
Mayo on potato chips tastes good!
Mayolica is pottery from Spain and Italy.
Mayonnaise and sesame paste go really well together.
Mayonnaise is made from eggs.
Mayonnaise is nothing but chemistry.
Mayonnaise is pure chemistry.
Mayor Beccaria is dead.
Mayor Dan Anderson was supposed to greet the guests.
Mayor Jackson brought Boston into considerable disrepute.
Mayor Jackson's speech was long and discursive.
Mayor Tom Jackson greeted his supporters at the entrance of the hotel.
Mayor Tom Jackson held several campaign appearances this month.
Mayor Tom Jackson made a speech at a hotel conference room.
Mayor Tom Jackson was caught smoking crack at City Hall.
Mayors impose toll collection because they want to raise more money for their campaigns.
Mayotte became a French department.
Mayst thou never learn who thou art.
Mayu fell asleep the moment the movie started.
Mayuko always aims for perfection.
Mayuko always wants the best.
Mayuko appears wise.
Mayuko argued for the plan.
Mayuko ate up all the cookies.
Mayuko avoided doing hard work.
Mayuko called me back.
Mayuko came directly home.
Mayuko came out of the room.
Mayuko came running to meet us.
Mayuko came up with him.
Mayuko can ride a bicycle.
Mayuko can't bear living alone.
Mayuko can't stand living alone.
Mayuko can’t bear living alone.
Mayuko can’t stand living alone.
Mayuko could not answer my question.
Mayuko cried aloud.
Mayuko denied the rumor.
Mayuko designed a dress for herself.
Mayuko designed her own clothes.
Mayuko didn't sleep enough.
Mayuko dived into the cold water.
Mayuko doesn't get enough sleep.
Mayuko dreamed a strange dream.
Mayuko dreamt a strange dream.
Mayuko eats bread for breakfast.
Mayuko entered the room.
Mayuko explained the rules in detail.
Mayuko failed to see Meg.
Mayuko goes to school by bicycle.
Mayuko got a cut on her finger.
Mayuko had a strange dream.
Mayuko has dropped the ball.
Mayuko has not slept enough.
Mayuko has sharp eyes.
Mayuko is dancing to the music.
Mayuko is good company.
Mayuko jumped up in alarm.
Mayuko left the room.
Mayuko looks cross.
Mayuko made a fair copy of the draft.
Mayuko reads a good deal.
Mayuko took a bite of my apple.
Mayuko was alone in the room.
Mayuko was dead tired.
Mayuko was reading and Meg was painting.
Mayuko was tired to death.
Mayuko was very tired.
Mayuko was wearing a garland of flowers.
Mayuko wasn't able to meet Meg.
Mayuko went right home.
Mayuko wiped a table with a cloth.
Mayuko wore a flower crown.
Mayuko's dream came true.
Mayuko’s dream came true.
Mayumi gathered her small change and bought a beach ball.
Mayumi is a healthy person. She almost never gets sick.
Mayweather said after the bout he will fight one more time later this year, then retire.
May’s clothes were lying around the room.
Mazal tov!
Mazal tov.
Mazel tov.
Mazzaglia’s clients won’t get duped when selecting wines for dinner or gifts. They’ll also make sure their extra virgin olive oil isn’t more than a year old and won’t judge it by its color. Italians learn these lessons as children; Americans need a guide to this varied culinary culture.
Mbabane is the capital of Swaziland.
Mbappé could be the next global superstar.
McCandless and Sullivan had donned their spacesuits in preparation to conduct an Extra-Vehicular Activity (EVA) or spacewalk in case anything went wrong with the deployment.
McClellan decided to wait.
McClellan tried to calm Lincoln's fears.
McClellan tried to calm Lincoln’s fears.
McClellan wasted no time.
McDaniel said the damage caused by the virus will likely far outstrip that caused by the ongoing tariff-based trade war between the U.S. and China.
McDonald's food doesn't rot.
McDonald's golden arches may have marched into 119 countries, but the quintessentially American company still resides in a quintessentially American suburb.
McDonald's is world-famous for its hamburgers.
McDonald's recently celebrated its 50th birthday, and the American fast food giant is planning to make its second half-century as revolutionary as its first. As it faces increased competition from other types of food outlets, the world's largest restaurant chain is stepping out in a brand new style, hoping to attract new fans with a new emphasis on healthier foods like salads. And at some McDonald's restaurants, the emphasis is decidedly high-tech… and not at all related to hamburgers.
McDonald's will discontinue the use of boneless lean beef trimmings in their hamburgers.
McDonald’s is world-famous for its hamburgers.
McDonald’s says Ronald McDonald is keeping a low profile with reports of creepy clown sightings on the rise.
McDowell Mountain Community Storage, MMCS We proudly project McDowell Mountain Community Storage to open its doors in February 2022. Scottsdale’s Newest, State of the Art, Completely Internalized Climate Control Self Storage Facility with over 650 units ranging in size from 5x5 to 15x20 and more than 18 sizes to choose from. Features include digital 4k security cameras, extensive line of package/moving supplies, and receiving for Amazon, FedEx, UPS, USPS.
McGonigal provided the questions for visitors to ponder "to help them imagine the future more vividly and optimistically," she said during an interview with VOA.
McGyver was capable of opening a door with a hairpin.
McKinley demanded an immediate ceasefire in Cuba.
McKinley spent three-and-a-half-million dollars.
Me and Fadil are alike, always thinking of other people.
Me and Tal's recent discussion prompted me to ask you. I expect cats to taste better than dogs. Agree?
Me and Tom are frenemies, I guess.
Me and Tom followed John and Mary's band around in a van.
Me and Tom fucked.
Me and Tom go way back.
Me and Tom had sex.
Me and Tom used to go to that bar.
Me and Tom, we can't swim.
Me and Yanni were in the mosque.
Me and a few friends are drinking wine.
Me and her, we used to be together.
Me and him are friends.
Me and him, we know each others in Tizi.
Me and him, we used to be together.
Me and my colleagues lived in a small 2 room cabin built on the edge of a cliff on the mountain. I say 2 rooms, but besides the entrance, there was a 6 by 2 tatami room. We ate potatoes, dried fish and tofu. Because we were on the top of a cold mountain, the potatoes would freeze during the winter.
Me and my dog were looking at birds and flies.
Me and my family appeared on television once.
Me and my father are lawyers.
Me and my mother are in the garden.
Me and my mother have eleven markers.
Me and my wife were honeymooning in Kabylie.
Me at least, I can face them!
Me being asexual just means that I'm not sexually attracted to other people.
Me being in front of my computer makes it very easy for me to procrastinate.
Me lying down during the day is in your wildest dreams, that is, until the day I fall ill.
Me neither!
Me neither.
Me personally, I think it's really cute.
Me too!
Me too! Thank you! You helped a lot!
Me too, buddy.
Me too, he drove me crazy.
Me too.
Me too. What about playing tennis.
Me without you is like a body with no soul.
Me, I always drink coffee with milk.
Me, I can drink it all up in ten seconds.
Me, I do!
Me, I hate people who are indiscriminately friendly.
Me, I like words.
Me, I prefer coffee to tea.
Me, I was selected to do the "children's representative speech" at sports day.
Me, I'll make it to the class reunion no matter what I have to leave undone.
Me, I'm a Kabyle citizen.
Me, I'm crazy about kielbasa!
Me, I’ll make it to the class reunion no matter what I have to leave undone.
Me, Tom, and Mary used to be in a band.
Me, eat seafood? No way!
Me, hate you? Don't be ridiculous! We're best friends now.
Me, hate you? Don't be ridiculous! We're friends now.
Me, me, me. Now picture billions of voices screaming that and you got yourself modern civilization.
Me, me, to me! Pass the ball! Up, up, I'm gonna score! Goal!
Me, too.
Me, too. What about playing tennis?
Me, who didn't want to cry today...
Me? Encourage you to work? Blasphemy!
Me? I can't even begin to draw buffalo, deer and horses so you can tell them apart.
Me? I can’t even begin to draw buffalo, deer and horses so you can tell them apart.
Me? I didn't know anything about it!
Me? I'm a plain old salaryman.
Me? I’m a plain old salaryman.
Mead and Bateson chose the upland village of Bajoeng Gede for their research, because a lack of iodine in the villagers' diet made them slow of speech.
Meadow is a purple and lavender skunk whose owner is rapunzel.
Meadows were greening up in the narrow valleys.
Meal time is sacred.
Meals on Wheels volunteers deliver daily hot meals to adults over the age of 60 who are homebound.
Meals that Tom prepares are better.
Meals were reasonably priced.
Mealworms are edible for humans and can be grown easily.
Mean men's talk is enough to imperil the world.
Mean was ussed as the measure of central tendency for normally distributed data.
Meaningful work leads to purpose.
Means of transport were improved.
Meanwhile Chloe, who had remained in charge of the herds, fled in affright to the Grotto of the Nymphs, and thither the invaders pursued her.
Meanwhile I can make myself understood.
Meanwhile a mingled murmur through the street / rolls onward – wails of anguish, shrieks of fear –, / and though my father's mansion stood secrete, / embowered in foliage, nearer and more near / peals the dire clang of arms, and loud and clear, / borne on fierce echoes that in tumult blend, / war-shout and wail come thickening on the ear.
Meanwhile a rethink has begun.
Meanwhile from neighbouring Tenedos once more, / beneath the tranquil moonbeam's friendly care, / with ordered ships, along the deep sea-floor, / back came the Argive host, and sought the well-known shore. / Forth from the royal galley sprang the flame, / when Sinon, screened by partial Fate, withdrew / the bolts and barriers of the pinewood frame, / and from its inmost caverns, bared to view, / the fatal horse disgorged the Danaan crew.
Meanwhile great Neptune, sore amazed, perceived / the storm let loose, the turmoil of the sky, / and ocean from its lowest depths upheaved. / With calm brow lifted o'er the sea, his eye...
Meanwhile in sunny California, Englishwoman Iris meets the character played by Jack Black.
Meanwhile still stranger sights appeared by sea and land. Before the crews had time to heave their anchors, the ships of themselves made sail, and a dolphin, leaping and sporting on the waves, swam before the commander's ship as a guide; whilst on shore Chloe's goats and sheep were led along by the sweet music of the pipe, which continued sounding deliciously, though the player was still invisible.
Meanwhile the sun rolls round the mighty year, / and wintry North-winds vex the waves once more.
Meanwhile with regal splendour they arrayed / the palace-hall, where feast and banquet high / all in the centre of the space is laid.
Meanwhile you are out and about with her!
Meanwhile, Bangladesh Fertilizer Association has welcomed this decision of the government.
Meanwhile, Bangladesh's exports to these countries are also increasing gradually.
Meanwhile, France's public debt rose from 89.5% of GDP in 2012 to 97% in 2017.
Meanwhile, I need some time by myself.
Meanwhile, I want ice cream.
Meanwhile, I want to draw your attention to a point.
Meanwhile, Jiang Qin distracted Jiang Feng's older brother Yan Daxia.
Meanwhile, Malawi’s government says it plans to implement the visa-free waiver arrangement starting in January.
Meanwhile, Mary is laying the table.
Meanwhile, a coalition of political parties backing the government has requested setting up a special military court to try captured mutineers.
Meanwhile, a new year began.
Meanwhile, another cruise ship, the Westerdam, finally docked Thursday in the Cambodian port of Sihanoukville, ending a two-week-long saga that saw the ship being turned away by Japan, Thailand, Taiwan and the Philippines due to unsubstantiated fears that someone on board had been infected.
Meanwhile, conditions have drastically altered.
Meanwhile, government and rebel faction representatives are expected to sign a follow-up agreement this weekend in Sudan's capital, Khartoum.
Meanwhile, house parties and bar nights in college towns across the country are sparking outbreaks that make public health officials wince.
Meanwhile, many more people fell, one after the other.
Meanwhile, night had fallen.
Meanwhile, one national newspaper put out a headline in its evening edition, which read Japan and the U.S. came to a substantial agreement. This surprised many people including the government officials.
Meanwhile, physicians who work in Africa, the Middle East and Asia, continue giving testimony about the travails of people who desperately want help. They talk about sickly, frail people walking for miles through war zones, through crocodile-infested waters, through monsoons, to clinics where there may or may not be the treatment they need.
Meanwhile, the PIRATE Party offers space on an internet server of their own to all CDU groups in Kassel that are affected by censorship by the party leaders.
Meanwhile, the United Kingdom itself is coming under increasing strain, with Scotland’s devolved government in Edinburgh demanding a vote on independence so it can try to re-join the European Union.
Meanwhile, the circumstances have changed drastically.
Meanwhile, the foolish uncle was sitting in the living room.
Meanwhile, the new Miss France, who won the crown this month, has an African-American mother and a white French father. She has vowed to incarnate the diversity seen in France today.
Meanwhile, the rumbling was gradually getting louder.
Meanwhile, the weather abruptly changed.
Meanwhile, there are those who continue to preach in a fraudulent manner that we are on the right track.
Meanwhile, there has been a shake-up in the territory’s health department over the handling of the coronavirus.
Meanwhile, time is running out.
Meanwhile, we depict aliens doing really weird stuff.
Meanwhile, with beaten breasts and streaming hair, / the Trojan dames, a sad and suppliant train, / the veil to partial Pallas' temple bear. / Stern, with averted eyes the Goddess spurns their prayer.
Meanwhile, you can get a little sleep.
Meanwhile, you can stay with us.
Meanwhile, you should get a little sleep.
Measles can be quite dangerous.
Measles can be very dangerous.
Measles is incredibly contagious.
Measles is spreading in the U.S.
Measles is very contagious.
Measles makes people very sick, and it is especially dangerous for young children.
Measles was eliminated in the U.S. 19 years ago.
Measure each angle of the triangle.
Measure seven times, cut once.
Measure the depth.
Measure the height.
Measure the length of the stick with a ruler.
Measure the length.
Measure the volume.
Measure the width.
Measure thrice, cut once.
Measure twice and cut once.
Measure twice, cut once!
Measure twice, cut once.
Measure twice. Cut once.
Measurements are different from individual to individual.
Measurements from satellites in 2017 showed that the hole in Earth’s ozone layer that forms over Antarctica each September was the smallest observed since 1988.
Measures were taken.
Measures will be brought forward to support and strengthen the National Health Service, its workforce and resources, enabling it to deliver the highest quality care.
Meat and eggs have a lot of protein.
Meat contains proteins.
Meat costs a lot these days.
Meat costs a lot.
Meat decays quickly in warm weather.
Meat has been very expensive lately.
Meat is a symbol of sex.
Meat is cheap.
Meat is expensive nowadays.
Meat is expensive.
Meat is less dry when cooked in the oven at low temperatures.
Meat is murder.
Meat is not cooked yet.
Meat is scarce.
Meat is tasty.
Meat is very expensive nowadays.
Meat isn't cheap.
Meat often gets discounted just before closing time.
Meat or fish?
Meat should not be eaten raw.
Meat shouldn't be eaten raw.
Meat tastes good.
Meat won't keep long in this heat.
Meat won’t keep long in this heat.
Meat your maker !
Meat's scarce.
Meat, please.
Meats become processed through several ways including salting, curing, fermentation, smoking "or any process to enhance flavor or improve preservation".
Mecca is a sacred site.
Mecca is the religious capital of Islam.
Mecca is where the house of God is.
Mechanical advantage is a trade-off.
Mechanical devices are more reliable than electronic ones.
Mechanical power took the place of manual labor.
Mechanics should know a lot about oils and lubricants for engines.
Medals have two sides.
Meddle in your own matters, you turncoat.
Media consolidation has been in progress for decades.
Media has been like this since you were a kid. You alienated yourself from it.
Media has tried to protect the name of Jordan Neely's psychopathic murderer, Daniel Penny.
Media reports also noted a run on meat and charcoal at local supermarkets, suggesting the outdoor barbecue season was, or soon would be, in full swing.
Medicaid, a program originally created to provide medical care for poverty-level women and children, today spends almost a third of its budget on elderly people.
Medical and emergency workers who are on the front lines of the battle against the virus in the U.S. find themselves ill-equipped for the fight.
Medical authorities in Cameroon marked World Blood Donor Day on Monday with continued pleas for blood donors, after a dramatic drop in donations over the past year.
Medical data is highly sensitive.
Medical doctors and dentists have very different tools of the trades.
Medical error is the third leading cause of death in the US, after heart disease and cancer.
Medical experts say the closure of Australia’s borders, mass testing for COVID-19 and strict physical distancing measures are working.
Medical experts say the only possible negative repercussion of using laboratory-produced elastin to repair tissue, is that it could cause inflammation or calcification.
Medical experts worry returning spring breakers could bring COVID-19 home with them.
Medical first responders say the woman was unconscious on the ground when they arrived.
Medical groups currently offer differing advice on mammograms. The American Cancer Society recommends women get annual mammograms from age 45 to 54 followed by screenings every other year after that, while the American College of Radiology recommends annual mammograms beginning at age 40.
Medical helicopters take very sick people to hospitals.
Medical help arrives promptly after an accident.
Medical innovations are the best way to relieve us from sufferings.
Medical marijuana is legal in this state.
Medical personnel enter the room one at a time, their scrubs covered by disposable protective gear.
Medical professionals must first culture the bacteria, observe its growth, and then measure the bacterial infection's response to any of a number of antibiotic treatments.
Medical providers need to practice trauma-informed care.
Medical school is so stressful, I feel like my eyes are going to pop out of my head.
Medical schools are expensive.
Medical science can save lives.
Medical science has made a dramatic advance.
Medical science is always on the march.
Medical staff have been reduced to tears having to make so many life or death decisions in quick succession.
Medical staff have been using garbage bags as protective gowns.
Medical students continued to learn many things based on Galen's teachings until the 19th century.
Medical supplies are running out.
Medical transition will always be risky and experimental.
Medical treatment for gender dysphoria isn't analogous to a tattoo; you can live without a tattoo, but people with gender dysphoria can't live without treatment.
Medication and alcohol often don't mix.
Medication helped me a lot.
Medication is an option.
Medication is really important.
Medications have to taste bitter, or else they don't work.
Medicinal waters generally have a sulphurous taste.
Medicine containers should be kept out of reach of children.
Medicine elongated her suffering.
Medicine has also made gigantic steps thanks to early diagnosis.
Medicine is a treatment for illness.
Medicine is alternative medicine that works.
Medicine is expensive.
Medicine is my lawful wife and literature is my mistress. When I get tired of one I spend the night with the other.
Medicine is the study of diseases.
Medicine should be out of the way of children.
Medicine shouldn't be subjectively defined by cynical, power-hungry politicians.
Medicine was running low.
Medicines must have a bitter taste, or else they won't help.
Medicines should be kept out of the sight of children.
Medics were immediately called.
Medieval Britain was irreversibly changed by the Black Death, with agriculture, religion, economics and even social class affected.
Medieval England buried people alive for merely associating with Jews.
Medieval Greeks were called Romans.
Medieval Islamic civilization saved countless ancient Greek and Roman texts and continued their work, surpassing it and laying more of the foundations for modern science.
Mediocre developers don't aware of new technologies.
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
Meditate every day.
Meditate mindfully.
Meditate together.
Meditate.
Meditation brings peace.
Meditation can be practiced almost anywhere.
Meditation can be practiced nearly anywhere.
Meditation can be practised almost anywhere.
Meditation can help you relieve anxiety.
Meditation doesn't cost anything, but it takes time.
Meditation exercises help me detach for a certain period of time from the material world and connect to the calm of the spiritual world.
Meditation gives me peace of mind.
Meditation helped me a lot.
Meditation helps one to wind down more easily after work and sleep better at night.
Meditation is good for the soul.
Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in Eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity.
Meditation is very important in Buddhist cultures.
Meditation sure helps me sleep better at night.
Mediterranean weather is mild.
Medium-rare and a potato, please.
Mediums can tune in to the spirit world.
Medlar cheese tastes great.
Medlar jelly tastes like honey.
Medlar juice started coming off the bag.
Medlar seeds are big.
Medlar seeds are very large.
Medlar tree flowers are pure white.
Medlar tree flowers are quite beautiful to look at.
Medlar tree flowers are very nice to look at.
Medlar trees are absolutely gorgeous in spring.
Medlar trees are easy to prune.
Medlar trees are great landscape plants.
Medlar trees are in the rose family.
Medlar trees are native to the Caucasus.
Medlar trees are not native to Germany.
Medlar trees are really good for a small backyard.
Medlar trees are relatively small.
Medlar trees are used as ornamental plants.
Medlar trees aren't very tall.
Medlar trees have large leaves.
Medlar trees have nice white flowers.
Medlar trees have really nice flowers.
Medlar trees produce beautiful white flowers.
Medlar was grown for centuries and centuries in Europe.
Medlars are amazing fruits.
Medlars are basically a forgotten fruit in Western Europe.
Medlars are delicious autumn fruits.
Medlars are never seen today on supermarket shelves.
Medlars are not commonly eaten.
Medlars are rather unusual.
Medlars are really delicious.
Medlars are ripe around October.
Medlars are soft when bletted.
Medlars are still grown in gardens.
Medlars are still quite popular in the Caucasus.
Medlars are sweeter and juicier than apples.
Medlars are very interesting.
Medlars are very sweet.
Medlars become dark brown and soft when bletted.
Medlars contain plenty of pectin.
Medlars don't taste good at all.
Medlars grow in Britain.
Medlars have a thick skin.
Medlars have a very thin papery skin.
Medlars have really big seeds.
Medlars have seeds.
Medlars look kind of ugly.
Medlars need a couple of weeks to blet.
Medlars need to be bletted.
Medlars ripen in November.
Medlars taste like quince.
Medlars taste really good.
Medlars were a very popular fruit for making jams and jellies.
Medlars were extremely popular in medieval times.
Medusa had the power to turn someone to stone.
Medusa petrified me!
Medusa turned a man into a stone with her stare.
Medvedev is close to Putin.
Medvedev is inside Putin's inner sanctum.
Medvedev signed a decree establishing the Shaytan-Tau Federal Nature Reserve.
Medvedev was far more liberal than Putin.
Medvedev was quite loyal to Putin.
Meena kissed her husband's penis.
Meena spread her pussy with her fingers and waited for Tony to undress.
Meerkats live in Africa.
Meerkats live in large colonies, almost like rabbits, each animal scratching out for itself a deep hole in the ground.
Meet Mike Clemmer, an Appalachian dulcimer maker, and listen to the sweet sounds of the classic instruments he makes.
Meet Mr. Petit.
Meet her halfway.
Meet lots of people while your father is still alive, go to many places while your horse is still strong.
Meet me a little later tonight.
Meet me after class.
Meet me after work.
Meet me at 2:30.
Meet me at my mansion tomorrow at four with your suitcase.
Meet me at my mansion tomorrow at noon.
Meet me at my office in fifteen minutes.
Meet me at my office.
Meet me at the base.
Meet me at the hotel bar.
Meet me at the library.
Meet me at the lobby of the Imperial Hotel at 6:30 p.m.
Meet me at the park.
Meet me back here at two-thirty.
Meet me by the sea.
Meet me by the water tower.
Meet me down in the coffee shop.
Meet me downstairs.
Meet me face to face for a moment!
Meet me here again next Monday afternoon at 2:30.
Meet me here at two-thirty.
Meet me in an hour.
Meet me in front of the station at 2:30.
Meet me in the bar.
Meet me in the cafeteria.
Meet me in the hot tub.
Meet me in the lobby.
Meet me later at the bar for a drink.
Meet me on the lake bridge.
Meet me on the wharf.
Meet me outside.
Meet me there at midnight.
Meet me there at two-thirty.
Meet me there in an hour.
Meet me there.
Meet me tomorrow for brunch.
Meet me tonight.
Meet my new friends, Dan, Linda, Matt, and Rita.
Meet my parents.
Meet my robotic pig.
Meet new people.
Meet the twisted reality!
Meet us at the usual place.
Meet us there.
Meet you back at the car.
Meet you there on Sunday morning. Can't wait.
Meet you there on Sunday morning. Can’t wait for it.
Meet your match.
Meet your new neighbors.
Meet your new roommate!
Meeting Tom changed my life.
Meeting Tom has changed my life.
Meeting Tom lifted my spirits.
Meeting Tom was quite an experience for me.
Meeting Yanni in Algiers was the worst thing Skura ever did.
Meeting adjourned.
Meeting boys is hard.
Meeting girls is hard.
Meeting held with participants of 3rd Shusha Global Media Forum.
Meeting is the beginning of separation.
Meeting many people is an important part of a party.
Meeting my old friend was very pleasant.
Meeting new people and making new friends is hard.
Meeting new people is not as scary as they think.
Meeting new people is one of the pleasures of traveling.
Meeting new people is one of the pleasures of travelling.
Meeting new people is scary.
Meeting of the Scientific Committee members with the artists who will participate in enlivening the artistic evening at the Mohammed V National Theater.
Meeting strangers is one of the pleasures of a trip.
Meeting the Paris agreement goals of limiting global warming to 1.5 degrees celsius will slow down the process, but one third of the region’s glaciers are still set to disappear.
Meeting with Tom has put me in a bad mood.
Meeting you brings immense joy and happiness to my heart every single time.
Meeting you has imbued my life with a newfound sense of meaning.
Meeting you here is an unexpected pleasure.
Meeting you in a place like here must be a strange coincidence.
Meeting you is always a great pleasure.
Meeting you is one of the best things that ever happened to me.
Meeting young people is hard.
Meetings are a great trap. They are indispensable when you don't want to do anything.
Meetings are going on.
Meetings are held every other week.
Meetings are to be held on the afternoon of July 15 (Tuesday), all day July 16 (Wednesday), and the morning of July 17 (Thursday).
Meg acquired many new friends.
Meg agreed to Ken's plan.
Meg agreed to Ken’s plan.
Meg always acts generously.
Meg and Ken sat on the bench.
Meg attends many school affairs.
Meg bought a can of tomatoes.
Meg bought a tin of tomatoes.
Meg called you during your absence.
Meg cleared her desk.
Meg colored the picture.
Meg didn't even look at me.
Meg didn’t even look at me.
Meg found a four leaf clover.
Meg has a cat as a pet.
Meg has a facility for languages.
Meg has a knack for languages.
Meg has a lovely face.
Meg has a natural gift for languages.
Meg is about the same height as Ken.
Meg is as tall as Ken.
Meg is beating a drum.
Meg is curious to know everything about Japan.
Meg is excited.
Meg is filled with excitement.
Meg is preparing breakfast.
Meg is the double of her mother.
Meg looks just like her mother.
Meg looks pleased with her new dress.
Meg must carry on her studies.
Meg must continue her studies.
Meg sometimes annoys Ken.
Meg straightened up her desk.
Meg talks a lot.
Meg talks too much.
Meg was happy about meeting Tom again.
Meg was staring him down from across the room.
Meg was the only girl that was wearing jeans.
Meg was the only girl wearing jeans.
Meg's hair curls naturally.
Meg's hair is naturally curly.
Meg's shoes are a little loose.
Mega Bloks are less expensive than legos.
Megamind is a bad guy, so he has to do some bad guy stuff.
Megan Phelps-Roper used to be a rude, hateful bigot. Since leaving the Westboro Baptist Church, she has become a polite, hateful bigot.
Megan adopted a fluffy kitten.
Megan thought that her parents were embarrassing her in front of her friends.
Megastructures in space provided homes for billions of humans, many thousands of years later.
Megduda is Yidir's wife.
Megduda is jealous when she sees Sekkura playing with Yidir.
Megduda is well-built woman.
Megduda prepares delicious meals.
Megxit refers to Britain's Prince Harry and his American wife Meghan Markle’s decision to step down as senior royals and spend more time abroad.
Meg’s hair curls naturally.
Meg’s shoes are a little loose.
Mehari camels are so precious.
Mehek railed me in my pussy with her strap-on.
Mehenni founded the Movement for the Autonomy of Kabylia and has served as president of the Provisional Government of Kabylia from exile in France since Kabylia’s Black Spring period in 2001, during which the Kabylian people challenged the Algerian government’s ban on their culture and language.
Mehmed Talat was assassinated in Berlin in 1921.
Mehmed the Conqueror conquered Istanbul in 1453, when he was 21 years old.
Mehr bases his conclusion on the results of studies that measured the mental aptitude of two groups of 4-year-olds and their parents.
Mehriban Aliyeva has been a member of the New Azerbaijan Party's Political Council since 2004, and Deputy Chairman of the party since 2013. Mehriban Aliyeva has been First Deputy Chairman of the party since 2021.
Mehriban Arif gizi Aliyeva was born in Baku on August 26, 1964.
Mei has been to every US state, including Alaska and Hawaii.
Mei let me correct her sentences immediately, so I've done so.
Mei loves to eat hot pot.
Mei studies abroad in Japan.
Mei's flight to Taipei lands in an hour.
Meiji was beaten by Keio by a score of three to five.
Meishe is a Lithuanian Jew.
Meishe is a Litvak.
Meitnerium is a radioactive transition metal with element symbol Mt and atomic number 109.
Mekyusa has a wool hat.
Mel Gibson spoke about the Antichrist.
Melancholy feeds madness.
Melancholy is the joy of being sad.
Melancholy is the mother of delirium.
Melancholy is the nurse of frenzy.
Melania Trump's speech at the Republican National Convention was strikingly similar to Michelle Obama's 2008 speech at the Democratic National Convention.
Melanie eats pizza.
Melanie had accidentally killed a fly.
Melanie has accidentally killed a fly.
Melanie has an idea of how to create an artificial language.
Melanie has hurt her leg.
Melanie is a mathematician.
Melanie is a young mathematician.
Melanie is busy right now.
Melanie is drinking milk.
Melanie is eating an apple.
Melanie is going to the airport.
Melanie is not a fortune teller.
Melanie is reading her favourite book.
Melanie is sleeping in a comfortable bed.
Melanie is studying right now.
Melanie killed a spider with her hand.
Melanie knows the truth.
Melanie likes eating pizza.
Melanie likes music.
Melanie put the vase on the table.
Melanie reached the next level on the game.
Melanie said that she likes swimming.
Melanie said that she likes to swim.
Melanie thinks that it's going to rain.
Melanie thinks that the situation is very bad.
Melanie wants to be a mathematician.
Melanie waved her hand.
Melanie will graduate from high school in 2018.
Melanie works as a journalist.
Melanie works as a translator.
Melanie's eating an apple.
Melanie's parents permitted Emily to stay in their house.
Melanoma is an epidemic in young women.
Melanoma's ABCDE stands for: Asymmetry, irregular borders, changing color, great diameter, and elevation above the skin.
Melatonin helps to regulate circadian rhythms.
Melbourne is an Australian town.
Melinda and Bill are in prison for crimes against humanity.
Melissa became fluent in Portuguese in less than two years.
Melissa begged the medics not to let her die and kept asking about her one-month baby.
Melissa called her husband at work and begged him to return home.
Melissa completely lost her head when the house caught on fire. She didn't know what to do.
Melissa completely lost her head when the house caught on fire. She didn’t know what to do.
Melissa confessed that she was bisexual and that she had a crush on Rima.
Melissa constantly seeks validation from her friends, always seeking their approval for her decisions.
Melissa convinced her husband to divorce her to marry Martino.
Melissa did not use too much butter for frying the asparagus spears with bacon.
Melissa doesn't like fat people like me.
Melissa doesn't need to wear so much make-up.
Melissa dug her hands into Boris's arms.
Melissa feels a constant need for validation, often seeking it through seeking compliments and affirmations from others.
Melissa feels fine in her hijab.
Melissa feels insecure unless she receives constant validation from her romantic partner, constantly seeking reassurance of their love.
Melissa fried the asparagus spears with the bacon.
Melissa gleefully prepared moussaka and spanakopita for her family.
Melissa got pregnant just a week after her wedding.
Melissa had many stalkers.
Melissa had on a Shawi dress.
Melissa has a fever.
Melissa is Gustavo's 5-year-old female German Shepherd.
Melissa is a female.
Melissa is a forty-year-old single female.
Melissa is a mother of five.
Melissa is a people pleaser who always puts others' needs before her own.
Melissa is excited about her date with Benedito.
Melissa is fond of eating peach tarts.
Melissa is making some banana crepes in the kitchen.
Melissa is sitting next to a name.
Melissa is talking to her boyfriend.
Melissa is the type of mom you can't bring yourself to go against.
Melissa just sees me as a friend.
Melissa kept calling Lorenzo sweetie every time she said something to him.
Melissa lives in a small two-story house with her husband.
Melissa looked very dishevelled.
Melissa looks beautiful as always.
Melissa made Diego a stack of pancakes.
Melissa managed to twist her arm out of Santiago's grip.
Melissa met and married my dad in 2004.
Melissa needs to take the Shawi dress off and relax.
Melissa never really had a boyfriend.
Melissa never turned down any sort of positive attention.
Melissa never used nail polish.
Melissa pepper-sprayed Santiago once.
Melissa put her phone in her purse.
Melissa reached into her purse and pulled a ticket.
Melissa refused to leave the beach, so Rodrigo started to drag her across the sand towards his truck.
Melissa said that Diego didn't have a tender touch.
Melissa saw a bouquet on her stoep.
Melissa skipped class again?
Melissa stays home, raising the kids.
Melissa surprised Benedito with a date night.
Melissa threatened to accuse Santiago of child abuse and molestation.
Melissa took off her Shawi dress.
Melissa tried to teach Diego to sew.
Melissa waited until her husband get home.
Melissa was followed home by a creep.
Melissa was just waiting for her husband to come pick her up.
Melissa was one of the players on the volleyball team.
Melissa was running barefoot in a skirt.
Melissa was the only woman to speak to Lorenzo with respect.
Melissa was wearing something different, a Shawi dress.
Melissa was with one of her guy friends.
Melissa's constant need for validation can be exhausting for her friends, as she frequently seeks their approval for even the smallest decisions.
Melissa's desire to be liked by everyone makes her a classic people pleaser.
Melissa's friends often take advantage of her people-pleasing nature.
Melissa's lack of self-confidence makes her rely heavily on validation from others to feel worthy.
Melissa's nails were painted.
Melissa's need for validation hinders her ability to trust her own judgment, as she always seeks the opinions of others before making decisions.
Melissa's need for validation is evident in her constant need to post on social media and receive likes and comments.
Melissa's need for validation is so strong that she avoids making decisions without consulting others first.
Melissa's people-pleasing behavior stems from a fear of rejection and conflict.
Melissa's people-pleasing nature often stems from a fear of conflict and rejection.
Melissa's people-pleasing tendencies make it challenging for her to set boundaries.
Melissa's people-pleasing tendencies make it difficult for her to make decisions independently.
Melissa's reputation as a people pleaser often leads to her being taken advantage of.
Melissa's self-worth is deeply tied to the validation she receives from her romantic relationships, often becoming overly dependent on her partners.
Melissa's self-worth is tied to the validation she receives from her academic achievements.
Mellisa, who's now Lorenzo's wife, lived in Bejaia, Algeria.
Melt chocolate and shortening in a saucepan over low heat.
Melt the butter and then add the brown sugar.
Melt the butter in a saucepan at low heat; reserve.
Melt the butter in a saucepan.
Melt the butter in the saucepan, and add the finely chopped onion.
Melt the chocolate and mix it with the vanilla cream.
Melt the chocolate, add butter and mix well.
Melt the chocolate, add the butter and stir well.
Melting ice forms ponds on top of the ice that develop into biological communities.
Melting ice is not the only cause of rising sea level. As the ocean gets warmer, the water expands.
Melting polar icecaps could also contribute to an increase in sea levels.
Members of Tom's society can't go five minutes without mentioning stoats at least once.
Members of both parties lambasted the real estate mogul for remarks that they assert were racist.
Members of parliament deserve immunity and a paid salary to guarantee their independence.
Members of that tribe settled along the river.
Members of the Bavarian State Opera have refused to come to Japan because of fear of radiation from Fukushima.
Members of the European Parliament joined hands to sing "Auld Lang Syne" at the end of the session Wednesday in Brussels, a friendly farewell to their 73 British counterparts, after having voted through the terms of Britain's departure from the EU under the Withdrawal Agreement and Political Declaration.
Members of the European Parliament joined hands to sing "Auld Lang Syne" at the end of the session Wednesday in Brussels.
Members of the European Parliament sang a friendly farewell to their 73 British counterparts Wednesday after voting through the terms of the UK's departure from the EU.
Members of the European Parliament sang and held hands after a vote on the UK's withdrawal from the EU.
Members of the FBI came to visit Ziri.
Members of the Jewish Antifascist Committee were arrested and executed for wanting to rebuild the Jewish people and Jewish culture after the Holocaust.
Members of the Legion committed horrible crimes.
Members of the U.S. Congress recently commemorated the 200th birthday of the Italian-born artist who decorated the Capitol building with frescoes depicting key events in American history.
Members of the U.S. House of Representatives are elected in biennial elections.
Members of the board will meet for a concluding session on 03/27/2013.
Members of the board will meet for a concluding session on March 27, 2013.
Members of the evangelical faith often engage in charitable activities.
Members of the furry fandom are more likely to have been bullied or abused as kids compared to the general public.
Members of the jury, regretfully I must declare this proceeding a mistrial.
Members of the public and other visitors may use the central library in order to gain access to material not easily available elsewhere.
Members of the science community are proclaiming a new era in space research after discovering the first verified source of a super-energetic subatomic particle called a high-energy neutrino.
Members of the team include specialists in the field of neurosurgery, pediatric surgery, plastic surgery, obstetrics and gynecology, urology, orthopedic surgery, pediatrics and anesthesia.
Members of the tribe settled down along the river.
Membership is by invitation.
Membership is free of charge.
Membership of an allotment association is not grounds for dismissal.
Memes are now for normies.
Memes are the key to internet culture.
Memes often contain false information.
Memorial Day is the unofficial start of the U.S. summer vacation season.
Memories are our fortune. Within them is all the beauty of the world.
Memories are powerful.
Memories assailed me.
Memories began to flood my mind.
Memories came flooding back when Tom found some photos from his childhood in an old box in the attic.
Memories create bonds that withstand time.
Memories fade too quickly.
Memories fade, but time moves on relentlessly.
Memories from childhood are the most beautiful.
Memories immediately flashed through Ziri's mind.
Memories of childhood still lie near her heart.
Memories of my college days come to my mind.
Memories of my first school day are lost to time.
Memories of old times rushed back into my mind.
Memories of our conversations feel like echoes.
Memories of our happiness together are etched in my mind, bringing a smile to my face.
Memories of past love can linger much longer than expected.
Memories of the accident are always with me.
Memories of the good old days came flooding back one after another.
Memories of the past keep me company now that I'm so old.
Memories that had been tucked away in the deepest recesses of my mind suddenly recured to me.
Memories that once brought joy now only remind me of lost affection.
Memories were made in the downpour.
Memorise it.
Memorising the cards in a deck in order is certainly a difficult task, but manageable.
Memorising the order of a pack of playing cards is certainly not easy, but neither is it impossible.
Memorization is good.
Memorization of lists is one of the most common ways of learning vocabulary for a test. It's only a good exercise for studies of short duration, because often you don't retain the information you learned for a test.
Memorize a few sentences that can help you in specific situations.
Memorize it well.
Memorize it.
Memorize the Quran.
Memorize the poem by next week.
Memorize these Berber verbs.
Memorize this paragraph until you can say it fluently.
Memorize this poem.
Memorize this.
Memorize those sentences.
Memorizing the names of plants has been a recent hobby of mine.
Memorizing the order of a deck of playing cards is definitely not easy, but it's not impossible.
Memory fades but the written word remains.
Memory has to be exercised.
Memory is a capricious and arbitrary creature.
Memory is a curious strainer. It keeps the best of ourselves and the worst of everyone else.
Memory is an essential function of our brain.
Memory is impaired unless you exercise it.
Memory is not stable.
Memory must be exercised.
Memory sometimes plays tricks.
Men In Black II also features Rip Torn, returning as MIB chief "Agent Zed;" notable cameos include a brief appearance by Michael Jackson and star Will Smith does the title song.
Men also know how to fake it.
Men always leave the toilet seat up.
Men always walk in front of women in this country.
Men and boys should do that.
Men and boys shouldn't do that.
Men and women are equally bad at driving.
Men and women between the ages of 25 and 54 have the most stressful lives.
Men and women do that differently.
Men and women do that the same way.
Men and women don't usually do that the same way.
Men and women drive equally poorly.
Men and women find different things important.
Men and women lie to each other all the time.
Men and women made huge amounts of money overnight.
Men and women must respect each other.
Men and women need each other.
Men and women of full age, without any limitation due to race, nationality or religion, have the right to marry and to found a family. They are entitled to equal rights as to marriage, during marriage and at its dissolution.
Men and women speak different languages.
Men and women usually do that differently.
Men and women usually don't do that the same way.
Men and women went into battle.
Men appreciate natural beauty in women.
Men appreciate when a woman is comfortable in her own skin.
Men are absolutely not allowed to post or reply to articles.
Men are all alike.
Men are all alike. Mother used to say so.
Men are all the same!
Men are all the same.
Men are assumed to be qualified, while women have to prove that they’re qualified over and over again, she says.
Men are attracted to appearance and women are attracted to behavior.
Men are attracted to very feminine women.
Men are attracted to women in red clothes.
Men are better at this than women.
Men are biologically different from women.
Men are born and remain free and equal in rights.
Men are but children of a larger growth.
Men are by nature merely indifferent to one another; but women are by nature enemies.
Men are children their whole life.
Men are contented to be laughed at for their wit, but not for their folly.
Men are crazy about her.
Men are crazy.
Men are creatures of habit.
Men are cruel, but Man is kind.
Men are cruel.
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the views which they take of things.
Men are essentially evil, essentially unhappy and essentially stupid.
Men are foolish, are they not, Mademoiselle?
Men are generally not as intelligent as women.
Men are going.
Men are greedy.
Men are hunters, and women are prey.
Men are idiots when it comes to women and I'm sure Tom is no exception.
Men are idiots.
Men are interested in appearance and women are interested in behavior.
Men are like bears - the uglier they are, the more attractive they are.
Men are like bears: the uglier they are, the more handsome.
Men are like colonies of bacteria. The more heat you apply, the faster they grow.
Men are male and women are female. This is biology, not ideology.
Men are men and women are women.
Men are more aggressive than women.
Men are more likely than women to turn to risky behaviour when depressed.
Men are mortal because of their fears, and immortal because of their hopes.
Men are mortal.
Men are much stronger than women.
Men are naturally repulsed by opinionated women.
Men are naturally repulsed by rebellious women.
Men are never so ready for peace as after war.
Men are not always what they seem to be.
Men are not women and I'm not the only one to think like that. Millions of Muslims, Christians, Jews, Hindus and even atheists think that, too.
Men are not women and women are not men and you can't categorize me as transphobic for believing this.
Men are often discouraged from expressing vulnerability or seeking help.
Men are often reluctant to see a doctor.
Men are only heroes when they can't avoid acting otherwise.
Men are only heroes when they can't avoid it.
Men are physically stronger than women.
Men are pigs.
Men are predictable.
Men are proud of their genitals.
Men are queer fish.
Men are rather reasoning than reasonable animals, for the most part governed by the impulse of passion.
Men are repelled by patronizing women.
Men are said to be quick at figures.
Men are simple.
Men are sincere.
Men are sinners.
Men are so made that they can resist sound argument, and yet yield to a glance.
Men are so useless.
Men are so visual.
Men are sometimes violent.
Men are stronger than women.
Men are subconsciously attracted to submissive women.
Men are subject to temptation.
Men are such liars!
Men are super attracted to feminine women.
Men are the reason why women don't like each other.
Men are to marry women and women are to marry men.
Men are tormented by the opinions of things, not by the same things.
Men are unfaithful.
Men are usually more interested in sports than women are.
Men are usually physically stronger than women.
Men are very attracted to smart and feminine women.
Men aren't all that different from women.
Men aren't always what they seem to be, but rarely are they something better.
Men aren't so different from women.
Men aren't usually as interested in figure skating as women are.
Men become attractive starting in their thirties.
Men become more attractive from their thirties on.
Men believe that discussing problems is a waste of time.
Men believe what they want to.
Men can also fake it.
Men can be categorized into two groups: the ones that have something to say, and the ones that talk just to talk.
Men can be infected with HPV.
Men can do more for their families.
Men can fake it as well.
Men can not exist without air.
Men can only be corrected by showing them what they are.
Men can't get pregnant.
Men can't have babies.
Men can't live without football.
Men can't live without water.
Men can't understand these things.
Men come and go, but the earth abides.
Men cook from passion; women cook because they must.
Men created God to avoid killing each other.
Men cry too.
Men cry, too.
Men cry.
Men differ from animals in that they can think and speak.
Men differ from brutes in that they can think and speak.
Men differ from other animals in that they can think and speak.
Men do not differ much about what things they will call evils; they differ enormously about what evils they will call excusable.
Men do not exist in this world to become rich, but to become happy.
Men do not love those who remind them of their sins.
Men don't abandon their girlfriends until they have a substitute.
Men don't ask me out anymore.
Men don't cross-dress.
Men don't cry.
Men don't date men.
Men don't do that.
Men don't drive as well as women.
Men don't have boobs.
Men don't have more of a right to cheat than women.
Men don't have more of a right to sexual liberation than women.
Men don't like bossy women.
Men don't like silicone mouths.
Men don't read instructions.
Men don't shop when they feel down.
Men don't use tampons.
Men don't wear bras.
Men don't wear dresses.
Men don't wear female underwear.
Men don't wear miniskirts.
Men don't wear panties.
Men don't wear vests much these days.
Men don't wear wedding gowns.
Men exist for the sake of one another.
Men fear what they can't control.
Men fight for gold with iron.
Men fight with iron for gold.
Men first visited the moon in 1969.
Men form a society.
Men get their growth before they are thirty.
Men go and come, but earth abides.
Men grovel at her feet.
Men hardly ever come into our shop.
Men hardly wear waistcoats nowadays.
Men hate patronizing women.
Men have Adam's apples.
Men have a longer ring finger than index finger, while both fingers tend to be the same length for women.
Men have about 7 to 8 times more testosterone than women.
Men have an X and Y chromosome; women, two Xs.
Men have more testosterone than women.
Men have really only two wishes: to get old and, at the same time, stay young.
Men have unrealistic expectations about how women should look.
Men in kimonos are no longer a common sight in Tokyo.
Men judge us by the success of our efforts. God looks at the efforts themselves.
Men judged those women to be odd or dangerous.
Men know a problem to any solution.
Men know nothing about women.
Men know that.
Men know why.
Men learn while they teach.
Men lick their lips when they look at her.
Men like him prove the existence of all manner of privilege while disproving meritocracy.
Men like lovely women.
Men like to eat.
Men like to look masculine.
Men like to talk.
Men like watching football.
Men like women who don't wear too much makeup.
Men like women who laugh at their jokes.
Men like women who like them.
Men like women who make them feel good about themselves.
Men love amorous women.
Men love boobs.
Men love curves.
Men love to brag.
Men love to talk.
Men love women, women love kids, kids love hamsters, and hamsters don't love anyone.
Men make houses, women make homes.
Men may embellish their look with gloves or a top hat if they desire.
Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears.
Men must not dress in black and white clothes because it is said that this brings bad luck.
Men need some kind of external activity, because they are inactive within.
Men need to feel important.
Men need women and women need men.
Men never cry.
Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from religious conviction.
Men never do good unless necessity drives them to it.
Men occupied the pavement to the kerbstone.
Men of broader intellect know that there is no sharp distinction betwixt the real and the unreal.
Men of genius are meteors destined to burn in order to illuminate their century.
Men of the rank of captain and below live in this building.
Men often argue with their wives.
Men only think about one thing.
Men only think that you are wise when you share or approve of their folly.
Men only want one thing.
Men ought either to be well treated or crushed, because they can avenge themselves of lighter injuries, but of more serious ones they cannot. Therefore, the injury that is to be done to a man ought to be of such a kind that he cannot take revenge.
Men quickly get used to a good relationship, and I say it's good to shake things up a little once in a while.
Men rarely talk about their problems.
Men rarely wear waistcoats nowadays.
Men seek but one thing in life—their pleasure.
Men should always treat women with respect.
Men should feel free to feel the whole range of feelings, not just anger.
Men should keep out of the kitchen.
Men should make women like them more.
Men should smell like men.
Men should work.
Men sometimes cry, too.
Men sometimes overestimate their sexual prowess.
Men sometimes perceive expressing emotions as a sign of weakness.
Men talk about women all the time.
Men talk.
Men tend to be more overconfident than women.
Men tend to exaggerate their number of sexual partners.
Men tend to the herd while the women look after the home.
Men tire themselves in pursuit of rest.
Men trust their ears less than their eyes.
Men usually hang all things on the floor.
Men usually like wrestling as women do not.
Men usually wear black suits and black ties to funerals.
Men want to feel important.
Men want to feel needed.
Men wanted to be Sami and women just wanted him.
Men wear short-sleeved shirts.
Men were always deceivers.
Men were attracted to her like moths to a flame.
Men were deceivers ever.
Men were drooling over Anna.
Men were men back then.
Men were men in those days.
Men were men then.
Men whistled at the plough; [gleaners and haymakers were seen in quiet groups at work;] sheep and oxen pastured; boys whooped and called, in fields, to scare away the birds.
Men who are dandies and women who are darlings rule the world, at least they should do so.
Men who are unhappy, like men who sleep badly, are always proud of the fact.
Men who were bereft of reason conducted the war.
Men whose mothers had breast cancer run a higher risk of developing prostate cancer.
Men will always tremble at the thought of the hidden and fathomless worlds of strange life which may pulsate in the gulfs beyond the stars.
Men will believe anything.
Men will fight over you.
Men will not look at things as they really are, but as they wish them to be.
Men will sooner forget the death of their father than the loss of their patrimony.
Men with guns were waiting for them.
Men with moustaches are more confident and just overall manlier. Be part of this movement. If you're a man, please grow a moustache. You'll see just how good it feels.
Men with moustaches are more likely to make history.
Men wore hats back then.
Men would gladly give women the last word if they could be sure that it really was the last.
Men's Bangladesh offers various beauty packages for boys.
Men's and women's hats for sale.
Men's clothes are on the third floor.
Men's clothing is loose fitting.
Men's clothing isn't pretty.
Men's courses will foreshadow certain ends, to which, if persevered in, they must lead. But if the courses be departed from, the ends will change.
Men's items are sold on the first floor.
Men's natural rights are equal; claim is met by claim, effort by effort, and force by force.
Men's shirts are on the second floor.
Men's suits are on sale this week at that department store.
Men's tendency to devalue anything feminine reinforces gender inequality and hampers progress.
Men's things are on sale upstairs.
Men's things are sold on the third floor.
Men's wants become greater in proportion to the increase in their income.
Men, am I right?
Men, as a rule, are taller than women.
Men, as well as women, are much oftener led by their hearts than by their understandings.
Men, dogs, fish, and birds are all animals.
Men, too, have discovered that there are various roles they can play.
Men, women and children on both sides were killed.
Men, women, boys, and girls, they're all people.
Menad and I were robbed.
Menad sat and watched some videos.
Mencius said, 'A great man is the one who does not lose his heart of a child.'
Mend the tap in the kitchen.
Mend them.
Mendelevium is a synthetic element with the symbol Md and atomic number 101.
Mendelssohn and Chopin were indeed very nearly the same age. Mendelssohn was born in February, 1809, and Chopin was born the first of March in the same year.
Mendelssohn died two years before the death of Chopin.
Mendini has many facets: he's an architect, a designer, an artist and a poet.
Mengyu Xiao and Jan Frederic Lammering met in their first-year economic class and dated for almost two years before breaking up in October 2016.
Mengyu had a different opinion about the barrier between them.
Mengyu is an international student from Shenzhen, China, who is studying business administration at the University of Goettingen in Germany.
Meningitis is a terrible disease.
Mennad abandoned us.
Mennad absolutely hates this.
Mennad accepted Baya's apology.
Mennad accidentally broke Baya's fish bowl.
Mennad accomplished that on his own.
Mennad accused Baya of cheating on him.
Mennad admitted it.
Mennad admitted that what he did was so unprofessional.
Mennad advocates for that.
Mennad agreed to this.
Mennad agreed.
Mennad almost had a heart attack.
Mennad almost killed us.
Mennad almost lost control of his vehicle.
Mennad almost lost his hand.
Mennad already knows about it.
Mennad also has depression.
Mennad always felt unwanted as a child.
Mennad always had small reasons to pick on Baya.
Mennad always has those mood swings.
Mennad always made Baya cry.
Mennad always pays Baya compliments.
Mennad always stays positive.
Mennad always takes pain pills.
Mennad always treated Baya differently from me.
Mennad always watches TV.
Mennad always wears a helmet.
Mennad and Baya are a couple.
Mennad and Baya are a married couple.
Mennad and Baya are a year and a half apart in birth.
Mennad and Baya are adults.
Mennad and Baya are alive.
Mennad and Baya are always arguing.
Mennad and Baya are amazing people.
Mennad and Baya are arguing in the kitchen.
Mennad and Baya are best friends.
Mennad and Baya are black.
Mennad and Baya are both biracial.
Mennad and Baya are both black.
Mennad and Baya are both excited about it.
Mennad and Baya are coming back.
Mennad and Baya are comparing notes.
Mennad and Baya are depressed.
Mennad and Baya are doing the same thing.
Mennad and Baya are done.
Mennad and Baya are fine.
Mennad and Baya are from Cairo.
Mennad and Baya are getting married.
Mennad and Baya are getting older.
Mennad and Baya are going out to dinner tonight.
Mennad and Baya are going out to the movies tonight.
Mennad and Baya are going through depression.
Mennad and Baya are going to a picnic in the park.
Mennad and Baya are going to go off to two different colleges.
Mennad and Baya are going to have a baby.
Mennad and Baya are going to have a little girl.
Mennad and Baya are gone.
Mennad and Baya are happy now.
Mennad and Baya are happy.
Mennad and Baya are having sex.
Mennad and Baya are here.
Mennad and Baya are home.
Mennad and Baya are in a relationship.
Mennad and Baya are in college.
Mennad and Baya are in the bed.
Mennad and Baya are in the hospital.
Mennad and Baya are in the same class.
Mennad and Baya are living life together.
Mennad and Baya are not going to be friends again.
Mennad and Baya are not married.
Mennad and Baya are nurses.
Mennad and Baya are nursing students.
Mennad and Baya are open with each other.
Mennad and Baya are probably still friends today.
Mennad and Baya are really close friends.
Mennad and Baya are registered nurses.
Mennad and Baya are serious.
Mennad and Baya are so little.
Mennad and Baya are still living together.
Mennad and Baya are strong.
Mennad and Baya are stronger than Ziri.
Mennad and Baya are talking about sex.
Mennad and Baya are talking.
Mennad and Baya are the same age.
Mennad and Baya are together.
Mennad and Baya are very close.
Mennad and Baya are watching their favorite soap opera.
Mennad and Baya are weird.
Mennad and Baya are weirdos.
Mennad and Baya are young.
Mennad and Baya aren't exactly a couple.
Mennad and Baya aren't fat.
Mennad and Baya aren't from the same family.
Mennad and Baya aren't going to be friends again.
Mennad and Baya aren't going.
Mennad and Baya aren't here.
Mennad and Baya aren't married.
Mennad and Baya argued.
Mennad and Baya ate fish and chips.
Mennad and Baya became best friends.
Mennad and Baya broke up.
Mennad and Baya butted heads about racism.
Mennad and Baya called me.
Mennad and Baya called the cops.
Mennad and Baya called the police.
Mennad and Baya called their mom.
Mennad and Baya came back.
Mennad and Baya came in.
Mennad and Baya came.
Mennad and Baya can come over.
Mennad and Baya can communicate better now.
Mennad and Baya can do wheelies.
Mennad and Baya can hang out.
Mennad and Baya can't do that.
Mennad and Baya changed their shirts.
Mennad and Baya changed.
Mennad and Baya connected right away.
Mennad and Baya cook together.
Mennad and Baya couldn't do that.
Mennad and Baya couldn't even have a good and decent conversation.
Mennad and Baya couldn't live together.
Mennad and Baya cried their eyes out.
Mennad and Baya danced to Egyptian music.
Mennad and Baya danced together.
Mennad and Baya danced.
Mennad and Baya dated.
Mennad and Baya decided to do that.
Mennad and Baya did a nice job.
Mennad and Baya did it again.
Mennad and Baya did it.
Mennad and Baya did that last year.
Mennad and Baya didn't go shopping.
Mennad and Baya didn't have a relationship.
Mennad and Baya didn't have sex.
Mennad and Baya didn't make it.
Mennad and Baya didn't really have sex.
Mennad and Baya divorced in 2006.
Mennad and Baya divorced.
Mennad and Baya don't care.
Mennad and Baya don't know him.
Mennad and Baya don't know what they have in common.
Mennad and Baya drank coffee.
Mennad and Baya drank coke.
Mennad and Baya drank juice.
Mennad and Baya drank tea.
Mennad and Baya dreamed together of being on TV.
Mennad and Baya encouraged each other.
Mennad and Baya ended up becoming friends.
Mennad and Baya ended up going to his house.
Mennad and Baya failed the test.
Mennad and Baya felt really bad.
Mennad and Baya finished having sex.
Mennad and Baya fought.
Mennad and Baya freaked out.
Mennad and Baya giggled.
Mennad and Baya got back together after a week.
Mennad and Baya got back together.
Mennad and Baya got dressed.
Mennad and Baya got into an argument.
Mennad and Baya got married.
Mennad and Baya got their certificates.
Mennad and Baya got tired of that.
Mennad and Baya got tired.
Mennad and Baya got to the bed.
Mennad and Baya got up early.
Mennad and Baya had a fight.
Mennad and Baya had a fun time.
Mennad and Baya had a girl.
Mennad and Baya had a kid together.
Mennad and Baya had a physical altercation.
Mennad and Baya had an amazing day.
Mennad and Baya had an appointment.
Mennad and Baya had depression.
Mennad and Baya had fantastic sex.
Mennad and Baya had lunch together.
Mennad and Baya had lunch.
Mennad and Baya had separation anxiety. They didn't like to be apart.
Mennad and Baya had sex in the car.
Mennad and Baya had sex.
Mennad and Baya had some good times together.
Mennad and Baya had some time alone.
Mennad and Baya had their first cat together.
Mennad and Baya hang out after school.
Mennad and Baya hate each other.
Mennad and Baya have a dog together.
Mennad and Baya have a kid.
Mennad and Baya have been friends for many years.
Mennad and Baya have depression.
Mennad and Baya have developed a relationship.
Mennad and Baya have kids.
Mennad and Baya have known each other for a while.
Mennad and Baya have nowhere else to go.
Mennad and Baya have sex every day.
Mennad and Baya have six hundred dollars.
Mennad and Baya have to talk about something.
Mennad and Baya help each other.
Mennad and Baya helped each other.
Mennad and Baya hung each other.
Mennad and Baya hurt themselves.
Mennad and Baya inspired each other.
Mennad and Baya jogged together.
Mennad and Baya kept fighting back and forth.
Mennad and Baya kissed.
Mennad and Baya knew each other.
Mennad and Baya know.
Mennad and Baya laughed.
Mennad and Baya left the house at six.
Mennad and Baya like surprises.
Mennad and Baya live in Egypt.
Mennad and Baya live together.
Mennad and Baya lived close by each other.
Mennad and Baya lived next to each other.
Mennad and Baya love children.
Mennad and Baya love each other.
Mennad and Baya made love.
Mennad and Baya made out.
Mennad and Baya met once a week.
Mennad and Baya missed each other.
Mennad and Baya motivated each other.
Mennad and Baya moved away.
Mennad and Baya moved in together.
Mennad and Baya moved to Cairo.
Mennad and Baya moved.
Mennad and Baya need to be careful.
Mennad and Baya need to go.
Mennad and Baya need to relax.
Mennad and Baya never divorced.
Mennad and Baya never hung out anywhere else except for that school.
Mennad and Baya never kissed in public.
Mennad and Baya played hide-and-seek.
Mennad and Baya played soccer.
Mennad and Baya played tennis.
Mennad and Baya played the piano together.
Mennad and Baya pretended they were husband and wife.
Mennad and Baya pretended to be customers.
Mennad and Baya reconnected.
Mennad and Baya relaxed.
Mennad and Baya sang together.
Mennad and Baya sang.
Mennad and Baya sat at a bigger table.
Mennad and Baya sat together.
Mennad and Baya saved my life.
Mennad and Baya separated around this time.
Mennad and Baya separated.
Mennad and Baya shared similar views on communism.
Mennad and Baya should take pictures together.
Mennad and Baya shouldn't fight.
Mennad and Baya slept together.
Mennad and Baya slept.
Mennad and Baya snuggled at home watching reality TV.
Mennad and Baya started crying.
Mennad and Baya started laughing.
Mennad and Baya started looking for an apartment.
Mennad and Baya started making out.
Mennad and Baya started talking.
Mennad and Baya started to argue a whole lot more.
Mennad and Baya stayed together.
Mennad and Baya stopped having sex.
Mennad and Baya supported each other.
Mennad and Baya swam together.
Mennad and Baya swapped apartments.
Mennad and Baya talked about baseball.
Mennad and Baya talked about everything.
Mennad and Baya talked about high school.
Mennad and Baya talked about suicide.
Mennad and Baya talked about their lives.
Mennad and Baya took pictures together.
Mennad and Baya travel together.
Mennad and Baya traveled together.
Mennad and Baya understand.
Mennad and Baya used to argue a lot.
Mennad and Baya wanted to be friends again.
Mennad and Baya wanted to go home.
Mennad and Baya wanted to surprise you.
Mennad and Baya wedded in Egypt.
Mennad and Baya went cycling.
Mennad and Baya went there and ate fish and chips.
Mennad and Baya went there to eat fish and chips.
Mennad and Baya went to Cairo.
Mennad and Baya went to Egypt.
Mennad and Baya went to Ziri's birthday.
Mennad and Baya went to a motel.
Mennad and Baya went to a party.
Mennad and Baya went to a pizza parlor.
Mennad and Baya went to a wedding shop.
Mennad and Baya went to a wedding.
Mennad and Baya went to college together.
Mennad and Baya went to school.
Mennad and Baya went to the airport.
Mennad and Baya went to the amusement park.
Mennad and Baya went to the bar.
Mennad and Baya went to the beach.
Mennad and Baya went to the casino.
Mennad and Baya went to the club.
Mennad and Baya went to the gas station.
Mennad and Baya went to the hotel.
Mennad and Baya went to the mall.
Mennad and Baya went to the mosque.
Mennad and Baya went to the movies.
Mennad and Baya went to the nightclub.
Mennad and Baya went to the park.
Mennad and Baya went to the pool.
Mennad and Baya went to the pub.
Mennad and Baya went to the stadium.
Mennad and Baya went together to see Ziri's wife.
Mennad and Baya went upstairs.
Mennad and Baya were already on bad terms.
Mennad and Baya were arguing a lot.
Mennad and Baya were at Madison Square Garden.
Mennad and Baya were at a house party.
Mennad and Baya were best friends.
Mennad and Baya were born in 2006.
Mennad and Baya were both laughing really hard.
Mennad and Baya were broke.
Mennad and Baya were by themselves.
Mennad and Baya were crying.
Mennad and Baya were dating.
Mennad and Baya were discussing legal documents.
Mennad and Baya were doing wheelies.
Mennad and Baya were drinking.
Mennad and Baya were driving side by side on the road.
Mennad and Baya were eating fish.
Mennad and Baya were fighting.
Mennad and Baya were flirting forth and back.
Mennad and Baya were going to have sex.
Mennad and Baya were happy.
Mennad and Baya were having a competition.
Mennad and Baya were here first.
Mennad and Baya were here.
Mennad and Baya were in a hurry.
Mennad and Baya were in the conference room.
Mennad and Baya were in the same class.
Mennad and Baya were in the same room.
Mennad and Baya were in the same store.
Mennad and Baya were in the school building.
Mennad and Baya were in trouble.
Mennad and Baya were just doing the stupid challenges everyone does.
Mennad and Baya were laughing at each other.
Mennad and Baya were laughing.
Mennad and Baya were little at the time.
Mennad and Baya were looking for the phone.
Mennad and Baya were making out in the bathroom.
Mennad and Baya were not being on good terms at the time because of her being a bitch.
Mennad and Baya were not on good terms at the time.
Mennad and Baya were on bad terms.
Mennad and Baya were on cloud nine.
Mennad and Baya were on the same bus.
Mennad and Baya were planning their wedding.
Mennad and Baya were playing a video game.
Mennad and Baya were really depressed.
Mennad and Baya were robbed.
Mennad and Baya were smiling.
Mennad and Baya were talking about life.
Mennad and Baya were very shy.
Mennad and Baya were waiting outside.
Mennad and Baya were wrong.
Mennad and Baya weren't even boyfriend and girlfriend.
Mennad and Baya weren't having sex.
Mennad and Baya weren't listening to me.
Mennad and Baya weren't working.
Mennad and Baya will not say no.
Mennad and Baya worked hard.
Mennad and Baya worked together for a while.
Mennad and Baya would take pictures together.
Mennad and Baya's argument started off at the library.
Mennad and Baya's mother is black.
Mennad and Baya's relationship started at the party.
Mennad and I are OK.
Mennad and I are friends.
Mennad and I came.
Mennad and I were by ourselves.
Mennad and I were just talking.
Mennad and I were robbed.
Mennad and Ziri became best friends.
Mennad and Ziri started looking pretty similar.
Mennad and his brothers share the same parents.
Mennad and his friends are like a family.
Mennad and his friends killed themselves one after the other.
Mennad and his girlfriend lived together.
Mennad and his mom will talk about this tomorrow.
Mennad and his mother were in trouble.
Mennad and his sister are really close.
Mennad and his sister started crying.
Mennad and the defendant were together for six years.
Mennad answered his phone.
Mennad answered some of Baya's questions.
Mennad answered the door and let us in the house.
Mennad apologized and Baya believed him.
Mennad applied in two different Walmarts.
Mennad applied to a job in Cairo.
Mennad appreciated that.
Mennad arranged for his secretary to do that.
Mennad arranged for his staff to do that.
Mennad arrived after me.
Mennad arrived at the door with two men I didn't recognize.
Mennad arrived at the door.
Mennad arrived home at six in the morning.
Mennad arrived there after me.
Mennad asked Baya about that.
Mennad asked Baya for her Instagram.
Mennad asked Baya for her number.
Mennad asked Baya how old she was.
Mennad asked Baya if she wanted to hang out with him after school.
Mennad asked Baya if she was all right.
Mennad asked Baya if she was pregnant.
Mennad asked Baya if she watched his videos.
Mennad asked Baya to come to Cairo and work with him.
Mennad asked Baya to come to Cairo.
Mennad asked Baya to marry him again.
Mennad asked Baya to take her jacket off.
Mennad asked Ziri for a razor.
Mennad asked a lot of questions.
Mennad asked for donation.
Mennad asked for help.
Mennad asked some weird questions.
Mennad assumed that people were going to judge him about everything.
Mennad at the psychologist's office.
Mennad ate a chicken sandwich.
Mennad ate a hamburger.
Mennad ate a sandwich.
Mennad ate a ton of sweets.
Mennad ate all day.
Mennad ate at a very sketchy-looking restaurant.
Mennad ate chicken.
Mennad ate donut sticks.
Mennad ate donuts.
Mennad ate his lunch alone.
Mennad ate mashed potatoes and gravy.
Mennad ate out all the time.
Mennad ate some soup.
Mennad ate something on the way to the mall.
Mennad ate something.
Mennad ate the centipede alive.
Mennad ate the centipede.
Mennad attacked Baya in class.
Mennad attacked Baya in front of everybody.
Mennad attacked a defenseless old man.
Mennad attempted suicide again.
Mennad attempted suicide.
Mennad attended school.
Mennad backed off.
Mennad barely ate.
Mennad barely even looked at us.
Mennad barely even made eye contact.
Mennad barely even talked to us.
Mennad bargained the leather jacket down to sixty dollars.
Mennad bashed everyone.
Mennad beat his depression.
Mennad became Egyptian.
Mennad became a little more famous.
Mennad became a manager.
Mennad became a nurse aid.
Mennad became addicted to self-harm.
Mennad became depressed.
Mennad became heavily dependent on Baya emotionally.
Mennad became more aggressive.
Mennad became more and more depressed.
Mennad became more angry.
Mennad became more delusional.
Mennad became much too dependent on his psychologist.
Mennad became my superior.
Mennad became really sad and lonely.
Mennad became really sad.
Mennad became so resentful.
Mennad began hearing his mom moaning.
Mennad began hitting the wall.
Mennad began jogging toward Baya's car.
Mennad began seeing a psychiatrist in 2006.
Mennad began unzipping his jeans.
Mennad begged for mercy.
Mennad believes in God.
Mennad believes in education.
Mennad believes that.
Mennad belongs to Unit F.
Mennad betrayed his mother.
Mennad blamed himself for Baya's death for the rest of his life.
Mennad bleached his skin.
Mennad blocked Baya's number.
Mennad booked an appointment.
Mennad borrowed Baya's helmet.
Mennad bought Baya a Ford.
Mennad bought Baya a new telescope.
Mennad bought Baya candy.
Mennad bought a Christmas tree.
Mennad bought a Confederate flag.
Mennad bought a TV set.
Mennad bought a beanie.
Mennad bought a bottle of Pepsi.
Mennad bought a cashmere sweater.
Mennad bought a color TV set.
Mennad bought a dishwasher.
Mennad bought a new beanie.
Mennad bought a new bicycle.
Mennad bought a new collection of porcelain.
Mennad bought a new fridge.
Mennad bought a new helmet.
Mennad bought a new kite.
Mennad bought a new motorcycle.
Mennad bought a real Christmas tree.
Mennad bought a second-hand TV.
Mennad bought a sixty-dollar leather jacket.
Mennad bought a stolen fridge.
Mennad bought a stolen jacket.
Mennad bought a stolen motorcycle.
Mennad bought an artificial Christmas tree.
Mennad bought an expensive Christmas tree.
Mennad bought an expensive computer.
Mennad bought an expensive leather jacket.
Mennad bought second-hand furniture.
Mennad bought socks.
Mennad bought some almond milk.
Mennad bought some furniture.
Mennad bought something.
Mennad bought that jacket to support the Palestinians.
Mennad bought the wrong coat.
Mennad bought them.
Mennad bought this beanie for six dollars.
Mennad bought this bicycle a year ago.
Mennad bought this fridge from a junkyard.
Mennad bought this motorcycle for 600 dollars.
Mennad bought this telescope 600 dollars.
Mennad briefly talked about this.
Mennad broke Baya's heart.
Mennad broke Baya's new porcelain collection.
Mennad broke Baya's porcelain collection.
Mennad broke Baya's porcelain.
Mennad broke Baya's telescope.
Mennad broke a bone.
Mennad broke a table in the cafeteria.
Mennad broke down crying.
Mennad broke down in tears, crying.
Mennad broke his father's telescope.
Mennad broke his nose and has to get surgery.
Mennad broke his nose.
Mennad broke into Baya's store and stole a camera.
Mennad broke my heart.
Mennad broke my nose.
Mennad broke up with Baya six months ago.
Mennad brought Baya and her mom to his house.
Mennad brought Baya food but it was cold.
Mennad brought all his stuff.
Mennad brought more flowers.
Mennad brought the Christmas tree home.
Mennad brought the Christmas tree in.
Mennad brought the phone to his mom.
Mennad brushed his teeth every night before he went to bed.
Mennad brushed his teeth.
Mennad bumped into a tree.
Mennad buried himself in work.
Mennad burned a Confederate flag in public.
Mennad burned a confederate flag.
Mennad burst out into tears.
Mennad called 911.
Mennad called Baya a plastic bitch.
Mennad called Baya an insecure bitch.
Mennad called Baya back.
Mennad called Baya by her first name.
Mennad called Baya crying.
Mennad called Baya fat every day.
Mennad called Baya fat.
Mennad called Baya in.
Mennad called Baya slut.
Mennad called Baya up.
Mennad called Baya's mom.
Mennad called Baya's mother.
Mennad called Baya.
Mennad called a plumber.
Mennad called his doctor.
Mennad called his dog Baya.
Mennad called his friend.
Mennad called his mom back here.
Mennad called his mom.
Mennad called his mother.
Mennad called home.
Mennad called me back in less than twenty-four hours.
Mennad called me six days later.
Mennad called me.
Mennad called my name.
Mennad called the cops.
Mennad called the doctor by her first name.
Mennad calmed down.
Mennad came and met Baya there.
Mennad came back in the house.
Mennad came back.
Mennad came downstairs.
Mennad came for a visit.
Mennad came from the swimming pool.
Mennad came home at midnight.
Mennad came home from holiday.
Mennad came home from work.
Mennad came home on Saturday.
Mennad came home.
Mennad came in late.
Mennad came in the end of June.
Mennad came in.
Mennad came into Baya's life.
Mennad came on Christmas day.
Mennad came out and told us everything.
Mennad came out of anaesthesia.
Mennad came out of the bath.
Mennad came out of the bathroom refreshed.
Mennad came out of the house.
Mennad came out.
Mennad came over to Grandma's house.
Mennad came over to my house on the weekend.
Mennad came over to us.
Mennad came over to watch the game.
Mennad came straight home from school.
Mennad came the day after that.
Mennad came to Egypt.
Mennad came to class a little bit late.
Mennad came to my house.
Mennad came to see Baya.
Mennad came to see us.
Mennad came to stay with us.
Mennad came to talk to us.
Mennad came to the attention of the FBI.
Mennad came to the bathroom with Baya.
Mennad came to the party.
Mennad came to the tournament.
Mennad came to us.
Mennad came to visit Baya.
Mennad came to visit me.
Mennad came to visit us.
Mennad came to work hungover.
Mennad came up to me and introduced himself.
Mennad came up with an excuse.
Mennad came with Baya for her doctor appointment.
Mennad came with Baya to her medical appointment.
Mennad came with Baya.
Mennad can be in two places at the same time.
Mennad can call his friends.
Mennad can call me stupid, but I really had to do that.
Mennad can change other people's lives.
Mennad can come over to watch a movie with us.
Mennad can do a wheelie between 150 and 160 kilometers an hour.
Mennad can do anything he wants to do.
Mennad can do his surgery in Egypt.
Mennad can do it.
Mennad can do that on his own.
Mennad can do that to other women.
Mennad can do that today.
Mennad can do that, too.
Mennad can do this in six days.
Mennad can do this.
Mennad can do wheelies.
Mennad can drive a truck.
Mennad can eat a centipede.
Mennad can explain.
Mennad can fix it himself.
Mennad can get addicted to that drug.
Mennad can get fired.
Mennad can get help.
Mennad can give a lot of time and energy to Baya.
Mennad can go home.
Mennad can go.
Mennad can help Baya.
Mennad can help pay for the bills.
Mennad can help.
Mennad can keep the newspaper if he likes.
Mennad can make miracles.
Mennad can order anything he wants.
Mennad can order anything he wants. He's our guest.
Mennad can perform miracles.
Mennad can play the piano.
Mennad can see Baya's beautiful face.
Mennad can sense things.
Mennad can sit here.
Mennad can snap like a twig.
Mennad can talk to Baya.
Mennad can't be Baya's shoulder to cry on.
Mennad can't be under Baya. She's so unprofessional.
Mennad can't believe he lost sixty pounds in just two months.
Mennad can't buy happiness with his money.
Mennad can't buy me.
Mennad can't change his spots.
Mennad can't come back.
Mennad can't condone this marriage.
Mennad can't control his anxiety.
Mennad can't control it.
Mennad can't do anything for you.
Mennad can't do anything.
Mennad can't do it.
Mennad can't do that.
Mennad can't do this by himself.
Mennad can't do this.
Mennad can't drive.
Mennad can't even carry Baya in his arms.
Mennad can't explain what happened that night.
Mennad can't fall asleep here.
Mennad can't figure out how he can make that baby stop crying.
Mennad can't find the person who sold him that jacket.
Mennad can't find the video.
Mennad can't get a nose job until he's at least sixteen.
Mennad can't get out till tomorrow.
Mennad can't go outside.
Mennad can't go through every single detail or he will be here for ever.
Mennad can't go to Cairo by himself from Alexandria.
Mennad can't go.
Mennad can't handle this anymore.
Mennad can't help anyone.
Mennad can't keep Baya there for ever.
Mennad can't leave Baya out there.
Mennad can't live this life any longer.
Mennad can't move at all and needs you to do everything for him.
Mennad can't move his finals.
Mennad can't read Arabic.
Mennad can't read big numbers.
Mennad can't read numbers.
Mennad can't remember that.
Mennad can't remember what went wrong.
Mennad can't remember why Baya got pissed off at him.
Mennad can't run away from us.
Mennad can't see shit.
Mennad can't speak Arabic.
Mennad can't stand Baya.
Mennad can't stand children.
Mennad can't stay.
Mennad can't take the bicycle inside the tram.
Mennad can't talk to anyone.
Mennad can't talk to you.
Mennad can't tell you.
Mennad can't touch Baya.
Mennad can't wait ten minutes.
Mennad can't wait to see Baya.
Mennad can't work with you.
Mennad canceled his appointment.
Mennad cannot acquiesce to this request.
Mennad cannot communicate efficiently.
Mennad cannot condone this marriage.
Mennad cannot do this anymore.
Mennad cannot get rid of Baya.
Mennad cannot handle this anymore.
Mennad cared a lot about everything.
Mennad cared about his friends.
Mennad cared about people.
Mennad cared.
Mennad carefully scooped his fish out of the garbage disposal.
Mennad cares a lot.
Mennad cares about you so much.
Mennad cares.
Mennad carried Baya in his arms.
Mennad carried the bag with him.
Mennad caught Baya looking at his tattoo.
Mennad caught Baya stealing.
Mennad caught a centipede in his room.
Mennad caught a fruit fly.
Mennad caught a scary centipede.
Mennad caught his fiancee cheating on him.
Mennad celebrated his graduation from high school.
Mennad changed Baya's life.
Mennad changed the bulb.
Mennad changed the script.
Mennad charged at Baya.
Mennad cheated on Baya.
Mennad cheated on me.
Mennad checked on Baya.
Mennad checked out that video.
Mennad chose a name for his daughter.
Mennad chose not to talk about it.
Mennad cleaned his kitchen.
Mennad cleaned his room up.
Mennad cleaned the inside of the sink.
Mennad clicked on the link.
Mennad climbed a mountain.
Mennad closed his eyes.
Mennad closed the door.
Mennad closed the window.
Mennad collects beanies from all over the world.
Mennad colored the elephant pink.
Mennad colored the snake green.
Mennad comes from Cairo.
Mennad comes from a poor but proud family.
Mennad comes hangover.
Mennad comes in the morning.
Mennad comforted Baya.
Mennad commented on Baya's video without even watching it.
Mennad committed a crime.
Mennad complained about this.
Mennad completely isolated himself.
Mennad completely understand that.
Mennad complied with everything.
Mennad concluded his story with a joke.
Mennad considered becoming a nurse.
Mennad considered getting a nose job.
Mennad considered having a nose job.
Mennad contacted Baya through Instagram.
Mennad contacted Baya.
Mennad continued dancing.
Mennad continued to call Baya.
Mennad continued to dance.
Mennad continued to do presentations.
Mennad continued to mess with Baya.
Mennad continued to talk to Baya.
Mennad continued to watch.
Mennad convinced Baya to wear her helmet.
Mennad could barely speak to people.
Mennad could become a target for criminals.
Mennad could do it.
Mennad could end up dead.
Mennad could fire Baya for no reason.
Mennad could have been killed.
Mennad could have done that.
Mennad could hear Baya and her friends right beside him talking about him.
Mennad could hear pieces of his tooth chipping.
Mennad could kill Baya.
Mennad could not breathe.
Mennad could not cope with that.
Mennad could see Baya from his balcony.
Mennad could see Baya.
Mennad could stay home.
Mennad could tell that by Baya's body language.
Mennad couldn't answer his cell phone.
Mennad couldn't answer his cell.
Mennad couldn't breathe properly.
Mennad couldn't bring himself to answer.
Mennad couldn't control Baya's opinions.
Mennad couldn't cope with his depression.
Mennad couldn't cope with that.
Mennad couldn't deal with his delusions.
Mennad couldn't do anything.
Mennad couldn't do his homework.
Mennad couldn't do that to himself.
Mennad couldn't do that.
Mennad couldn't do this by himself.
Mennad couldn't even believe it.
Mennad couldn't even talk.
Mennad couldn't face this.
Mennad couldn't feed himself.
Mennad couldn't find any bike shop.
Mennad couldn't go back home.
Mennad couldn't go to the hospital by himself.
Mennad couldn't go to the toilet by himself.
Mennad couldn't go.
Mennad couldn't have any visitors.
Mennad couldn't help Baya.
Mennad couldn't ignore this for ever.
Mennad couldn't leave his home.
Mennad couldn't live the rest of his life like that.
Mennad couldn't make Baya take her medication.
Mennad couldn't make up his mind.
Mennad couldn't move.
Mennad couldn't pick up the phone.
Mennad couldn't push himself to do that.
Mennad couldn't really cope with it.
Mennad couldn't see Baya at all.
Mennad couldn't sleep that night.
Mennad couldn't speak to somebody without his face turning bright red.
Mennad couldn't stay in Baya's house.
Mennad couldn't stop crying.
Mennad couldn't stop laughing.
Mennad couldn't stop.
Mennad couldn't take compliments.
Mennad couldn't talk to Baya about certain things.
Mennad couldn't tell his friend.
Mennad couldn't tell his teacher.
Mennad couldn't think straight.
Mennad couldn't understand Baya.
Mennad couldn't understand me.
Mennad covered the drain with a towel.
Mennad crashed on his motorcycle doing at least sixty miles per hour.
Mennad created harmful life habits for himself.
Mennad created this position for Baya.
Mennad cried for a long time.
Mennad cried his eyes out.
Mennad cried so hard.
Mennad cried so much.
Mennad cried.
Mennad crushed the pills and put them in Baya's food.
Mennad cupped his head and started to cry.
Mennad cut his hair.
Mennad cut his wrists.
Mennad damaged Baya's telescope.
Mennad danced to Egyptian music.
Mennad dated numerous young girls.
Mennad dealt with depression.
Mennad dealt with really nasty people.
Mennad decided he didn't want to deal with that.
Mennad decided not to let Baya go.
Mennad decided to apply at six different Walmarts.
Mennad decided to buy a bicycle.
Mennad decided to get married.
Mennad decided to go ahead and film the video.
Mennad decided to go to the doctor right away.
Mennad decided to make a new video today.
Mennad decided to make a video about this.
Mennad decided to name his daughter Baya.
Mennad decided to race for six hundred dollars.
Mennad deleted every picture of Baya.
Mennad deleted the pictures.
Mennad delivered a telegram to Baya.
Mennad delivered the flowers to Baya personally.
Mennad described that.
Mennad destroyed Baya's telescope.
Mennad destroyed his own room.
Mennad developed a depression.
Mennad developed a mental illness.
Mennad developed a relationship with Baya, who was a dying patient.
Mennad developed pneumonia in the hospital.
Mennad did OK.
Mennad did YouTube.
Mennad did a good job, too.
Mennad did a good job.
Mennad did a lot of presentations on criminal justice.
Mennad did a lot of sightseeing.
Mennad did a lot of things.
Mennad did a new video.
Mennad did a presentation about suicide prevention.
Mennad did a presentation about suicide.
Mennad did all those bad things to Baya.
Mennad did another video.
Mennad did everything alone.
Mennad did everything he could to save Baya.
Mennad did everything on his own.
Mennad did everything to thin his nose out.
Mennad did hear about that stuff.
Mennad did his best not to move at all.
Mennad did his best.
Mennad did his homework.
Mennad did his job.
Mennad did his master's in Cairo and it cost him money.
Mennad did his master's in Cairo and it was expensive.
Mennad did his master's in Cairo.
Mennad did his master's in Egypt for free.
Mennad did his own laundry.
Mennad did his project about Baya.
Mennad did it.
Mennad did matter.
Mennad did not change.
Mennad did not have time.
Mennad did not judge Baya.
Mennad did not look good.
Mennad did not speak to Baya for ages.
Mennad did not speak to Baya for like ages.
Mennad did not want to be there.
Mennad did online school for a semester.
Mennad did plastic surgery.
Mennad did really well on tests.
Mennad did research.
Mennad did some research.
Mennad did something really nice.
Mennad did something so weird.
Mennad did that a long time ago.
Mennad did that again.
Mennad did that better than Baya.
Mennad did that better.
Mennad did that every single time.
Mennad did that for attention.
Mennad did that in June of last year.
Mennad did that in front of people.
Mennad did that more recently.
Mennad did that on Twitter.
Mennad did that there.
Mennad did that to Baya.
Mennad did that to hurt himself.
Mennad did the dishes.
Mennad did the exact opposite of what Baya did.
Mennad did the exact opposite.
Mennad did the exact same thing to Baya.
Mennad did the interview for the job in Arabic.
Mennad did things he didn't really feel connected to.
Mennad did this again.
Mennad did this in sixty seconds.
Mennad did very well on the tests.
Mennad did well at school.
Mennad did what he was told.
Mennad did what his father wanted.
Mennad didn't answer the call.
Mennad didn't believe me.
Mennad didn't believe that Baya had been cheating on him.
Mennad didn't care about any of that.
Mennad didn't care about anything that was going on.
Mennad didn't care about himself.
Mennad didn't care about his family.
Mennad didn't care about school.
Mennad didn't care that he was going to go to hell.
Mennad didn't care to hear about it.
Mennad didn't care to hear about that.
Mennad didn't care what happened to him.
Mennad didn't care.
Mennad didn't change.
Mennad didn't close the lock on the door.
Mennad didn't cry.
Mennad didn't do his job well.
Mennad didn't do it.
Mennad didn't do what he was told.
Mennad didn't drink wine.
Mennad didn't drink.
Mennad didn't drive.
Mennad didn't drop the flashlight.
Mennad didn't eat.
Mennad didn't edit his videos.
Mennad didn't even take a shower.
Mennad didn't even want Baya to drive him.
Mennad didn't expect Baya to run after him.
Mennad didn't expect anything from Baya.
Mennad didn't expect that.
Mennad didn't expect those words to come out of a child that young.
Mennad didn't expect to get a message back.
Mennad didn't expect to see Baya again.
Mennad didn't expect to see Baya in the bedroom.
Mennad didn't express his feelings.
Mennad didn't feel alone anymore.
Mennad didn't feel he loved Baya.
Mennad didn't feel that way.
Mennad didn't feel weird.
Mennad didn't get any gifts.
Mennad didn't get support and help as Baya did.
Mennad didn't give Baya hours.
Mennad didn't give a crap about Baya's videos.
Mennad didn't give a fuck.
Mennad didn't give a title to his video.
Mennad didn't give hours to Baya.
Mennad didn't go outside.
Mennad didn't go over there.
Mennad didn't go through what I went through.
Mennad didn't go to jail.
Mennad didn't have a dime.
Mennad didn't have a gun.
Mennad didn't have a job.
Mennad didn't have a lot of mentoring.
Mennad didn't have a male heir.
Mennad didn't have a problem with weed.
Mennad didn't have any siblings.
Mennad didn't have anyone to talk to about those things.
Mennad didn't have anything to stimulate him.
Mennad didn't have family in Cairo.
Mennad didn't have his helmet on.
Mennad didn't have money for a camera.
Mennad didn't have money for rent.
Mennad didn't have much space.
Mennad didn't have much to give.
Mennad didn't have much to offer.
Mennad didn't have the means for that.
Mennad didn't have the money to send his kids to a private school.
Mennad didn't have the money.
Mennad didn't have time.
Mennad didn't have toilet paper.
Mennad didn't judge Baya.
Mennad didn't know Baya was sad.
Mennad didn't know how to choose wisely.
Mennad didn't know how to deal with that.
Mennad didn't know how to express his feeling.
Mennad didn't know that then.
Mennad didn't know very much.
Mennad didn't know what he was supposed to do with that kid.
Mennad didn't know what he was supposed to do with that.
Mennad didn't know what it was.
Mennad didn't know what to do.
Mennad didn't know what to tell Baya.
Mennad didn't know what was going on.
Mennad didn't know where Baya lived.
Mennad didn't know where his phone was.
Mennad didn't know where we went.
Mennad didn't know who he was anymore.
Mennad didn't know who he was.
Mennad didn't know.
Mennad didn't laugh.
Mennad didn't learn his lesson from that.
Mennad didn't leave a will.
Mennad didn't let Baya leave.
Mennad didn't like Baya.
Mennad didn't like his job anymore.
Mennad didn't like the food.
Mennad didn't look good.
Mennad didn't make a big deal out of it.
Mennad didn't make a lesson plan.
Mennad didn't make it.
Mennad didn't make the same mistake that Baya did.
Mennad didn't mean it.
Mennad didn't move to Cairo.
Mennad didn't name his friends.
Mennad didn't need any help.
Mennad didn't punch Baya.
Mennad didn't punch me.
Mennad didn't put his hands on Baya.
Mennad didn't read the newspaper.
Mennad didn't read the sign.
Mennad didn't realize how serious that problem was.
Mennad didn't really understand.
Mennad didn't recognize Baya.
Mennad didn't reply.
Mennad didn't respond to me.
Mennad didn't say anything.
Mennad didn't say things correctly.
Mennad didn't see that.
Mennad didn't see the big black hair sticking out of his rice.
Mennad didn't see the hair in his rice.
Mennad didn't shut the door properly.
Mennad didn't socialize.
Mennad didn't speak to Baya for ages.
Mennad didn't speak to Baya for like ages.
Mennad didn't stay home much.
Mennad didn't stop to help.
Mennad didn't take Baya seriously.
Mennad didn't take care of himself.
Mennad didn't take his medication.
Mennad didn't take that into account.
Mennad didn't talk about it to anyone.
Mennad didn't talk about it.
Mennad didn't talk that much.
Mennad didn't teach me any of this.
Mennad didn't tell Baya about his depression.
Mennad didn't tell Baya's family.
Mennad didn't tell anyone other than his wife.
Mennad didn't tell anyone.
Mennad didn't tell her.
Mennad didn't tell his father about his depression.
Mennad didn't tell us why.
Mennad didn't think about that.
Mennad didn't think anything about that.
Mennad didn't think anything of it.
Mennad didn't trust Baya at all.
Mennad didn't try the helmet on.
Mennad didn't try to kill himself.
Mennad didn't turn any light on.
Mennad didn't understand that.
Mennad didn't understand what was going on.
Mennad didn't use the garbage disposal a lot.
Mennad didn't want Baya to be killed.
Mennad didn't want Baya to find out about this.
Mennad didn't want his parents to fight because of him.
Mennad didn't want his parents to leave him.
Mennad didn't want people to feel sorry for him in any way.
Mennad didn't want to be associated with those people.
Mennad didn't want to be in school that long.
Mennad didn't want to be there.
Mennad didn't want to die.
Mennad didn't want to do anything anymore.
Mennad didn't want to do that anymore.
Mennad didn't want to get Baya involved.
Mennad didn't want to get too far from his house.
Mennad didn't want to go back to that house.
Mennad didn't want to go home.
Mennad didn't want to go to a foster home.
Mennad didn't want to go to the party.
Mennad didn't want to have his nose surgery in Canada because it was very expensive.
Mennad didn't want to have to do this.
Mennad didn't want to hear it.
Mennad didn't want to hurt people.
Mennad didn't want to make Baya mad.
Mennad didn't want to mess with the garbage disposal anymore.
Mennad didn't want to see that.
Mennad didn't want to show Baya every part of him.
Mennad didn't want to show a vulnerable part of him.
Mennad didn't watch the video.
Mennad didn't wear his helmet.
Mennad died first.
Mennad died from not wearing a helmet.
Mennad died in front of my eyes.
Mennad died in the hospital.
Mennad died last year.
Mennad disappeared off the face of the world.
Mennad disappeared on his wedding.
Mennad disappeared.
Mennad disciplined his children.
Mennad disliked Baya for no reason.
Mennad disliked everything about his life.
Mennad disliked me for no reason.
Mennad dislikes centipedes.
Mennad divorced Baya after that.
Mennad divorced Baya shortly after that.
Mennad does 101 coaching.
Mennad does YouTube videos once a week.
Mennad does YouTube.
Mennad does business much different than he did then.
Mennad does care.
Mennad does it.
Mennad does love Baya.
Mennad does need to talk to someone sometimes.
Mennad does not care what other people say about him.
Mennad does not cry anymore.
Mennad does not do this.
Mennad does not have a choice.
Mennad does not have many friends.
Mennad does not have to do this.
Mennad does not have to go to that party on the weekend.
Mennad does not know exactly what he is doing.
Mennad does not know how to express his feelings.
Mennad does not know what depression is.
Mennad does not know what this really means.
Mennad does not like talking about suicide.
Mennad does not sleep.
Mennad does not take that drug anymore.
Mennad does not trust people.
Mennad does not want to go into detail.
Mennad does this type of shit with his friends.
Mennad does videos every day.
Mennad doesn't believe in himself enough to do that.
Mennad doesn't blame Baya at all.
Mennad doesn't care about Baya's health.
Mennad doesn't care about anything else.
Mennad doesn't care about that certificate.
Mennad doesn't care about this.
Mennad doesn't care what Baya says.
Mennad doesn't care what other people say about him.
Mennad doesn't care what you say.
Mennad doesn't care who it is.
Mennad doesn't cry anymore.
Mennad doesn't cry.
Mennad doesn't dance around things. He goes straight to the point.
Mennad doesn't deny that.
Mennad doesn't deserve to feel happy.
Mennad doesn't do any illegal drugs.
Mennad doesn't do his job.
Mennad doesn't do it like that.
Mennad doesn't do this anymore.
Mennad doesn't do this.
Mennad doesn't do wheelies anymore.
Mennad doesn't dress this way.
Mennad doesn't drink vodka.
Mennad doesn't drink wine.
Mennad doesn't drive.
Mennad doesn't even drive.
Mennad doesn't even exist.
Mennad doesn't even have a fiancee.
Mennad doesn't even have a job.
Mennad doesn't even know what to call this in Arabic.
Mennad doesn't even know where Egypt is.
Mennad doesn't even smoke.
Mennad doesn't even speak.
Mennad doesn't even want to do that.
Mennad doesn't exist.
Mennad doesn't expect Baya to do anything.
Mennad doesn't feel OK.
Mennad doesn't feel embarrassed about anything.
Mennad doesn't feel embarrassed.
Mennad doesn't feel he's living his life.
Mennad doesn't find that amusing.
Mennad doesn't floss.
Mennad doesn't get those visions anymore.
Mennad doesn't get what the issue is.
Mennad doesn't give a crap about religion.
Mennad doesn't give a fuck.
Mennad doesn't have a TV.
Mennad doesn't have a choice.
Mennad doesn't have a court date yet.
Mennad doesn't have a speech impediment.
Mennad doesn't have anything else to say about this situation.
Mennad doesn't have anything to do with Baya's ex.
Mennad doesn't have his helmet.
Mennad doesn't have manners.
Mennad doesn't have many friends.
Mennad doesn't have money for rent.
Mennad doesn't have premium channels.
Mennad doesn't have respect.
Mennad doesn't have ten friends to send this chain e-mail to.
Mennad doesn't have that money.
Mennad doesn't have time to do this.
Mennad doesn't have to deal with the pressure.
Mennad doesn't have to deal with this again.
Mennad doesn't have to do anything.
Mennad doesn't have to do this.
Mennad doesn't have to go to that party on the weekend.
Mennad doesn't have to say that.
Mennad doesn't have to smile all the time.
Mennad doesn't know anybody.
Mennad doesn't know anything about cars.
Mennad doesn't know anything about efficiency.
Mennad doesn't know anything about me at all.
Mennad doesn't know anything about this.
Mennad doesn't know exactly what he's doing.
Mennad doesn't know how he did that.
Mennad doesn't know how to express his feelings.
Mennad doesn't know how to start this.
Mennad doesn't know that person.
Mennad doesn't know that.
Mennad doesn't know what Baya is talking about.
Mennad doesn't know what Baya was pissed off at us.
Mennad doesn't know what Ramadan means.
Mennad doesn't know what depression is.
Mennad doesn't know what happened after that.
Mennad doesn't know what he's talking about.
Mennad doesn't know what is wrong with Baya.
Mennad doesn't know what it is.
Mennad doesn't know what the side effects of the vaccine are.
Mennad doesn't know what these symbols mean.
Mennad doesn't know what this really means.
Mennad doesn't know what's in Baya's cup.
Mennad doesn't know what's in Baya's glass.
Mennad doesn't know what's wrong with him.
Mennad doesn't know what's wrong with his car.
Mennad doesn't know where he belongs.
Mennad doesn't know where he got that knife from.
Mennad doesn't know who that guy was.
Mennad doesn't know who the author of the book was.
Mennad doesn't know who you are.
Mennad doesn't know why Baya is crying.
Mennad doesn't know why he's caring about this.
Mennad doesn't know why.
Mennad doesn't like Baya because she's Egyptian.
Mennad doesn't like centipedes.
Mennad doesn't like children.
Mennad doesn't like compliment.
Mennad doesn't like compliments.
Mennad doesn't like girls with tattoos.
Mennad doesn't like talking about suicide.
Mennad doesn't like talking in front of people.
Mennad doesn't like this person.
Mennad doesn't like this woman.
Mennad doesn't like this.
Mennad doesn't like to be in a down mood.
Mennad doesn't like to talk about that.
Mennad doesn't live with Baya anymore.
Mennad doesn't love Baya.
Mennad doesn't love her.
Mennad doesn't love me.
Mennad doesn't love you.
Mennad doesn't make much money.
Mennad doesn't matter in the world.
Mennad doesn't matter.
Mennad doesn't mind waiting five minutes.
Mennad doesn't need TV.
Mennad doesn't need anyone to tell him how to raise his children.
Mennad doesn't need this to survive.
Mennad doesn't need to explain that.
Mennad doesn't need to go to therapy.
Mennad doesn't need to go.
Mennad doesn't own a car.
Mennad doesn't really care.
Mennad doesn't really know what that word means.
Mennad doesn't really know what to say to Baya.
Mennad doesn't really like fish and chips.
Mennad doesn't really speak Arabic anymore.
Mennad doesn't regret it.
Mennad doesn't regret that.
Mennad doesn't remember exactly what he told Baya.
Mennad doesn't remember how old he was at the time.
Mennad doesn't remember that.
Mennad doesn't remember what the argument was about.
Mennad doesn't seem to like it.
Mennad doesn't sleep.
Mennad doesn't smoke weed now.
Mennad doesn't smoke weed.
Mennad doesn't sneeze inside his helmet.
Mennad doesn't speak to them.
Mennad doesn't spend much time with Baya.
Mennad doesn't take any drugs.
Mennad doesn't take any medication.
Mennad doesn't take medication.
Mennad doesn't take that drug anymore.
Mennad doesn't take this lightly.
Mennad doesn't talk about his mental state.
Mennad doesn't talk very much.
Mennad doesn't think so.
Mennad doesn't trust Baya.
Mennad doesn't trust anyone.
Mennad doesn't trust people.
Mennad doesn't understand how it happened.
Mennad doesn't understand this concept.
Mennad doesn't want Baya to be alone.
Mennad doesn't want Baya to be here.
Mennad doesn't want Baya to sit with him.
Mennad doesn't want a life sentence of medication.
Mennad doesn't want anymore kids.
Mennad doesn't want anyone to worry.
Mennad doesn't want anything from Baya.
Mennad doesn't want to be a nurse.
Mennad doesn't want to be bothered by that.
Mennad doesn't want to be dramatic about that.
Mennad doesn't want to be labeled the "guy who was depressed."
Mennad doesn't want to be married with this woman.
Mennad doesn't want to be seen like that.
Mennad doesn't want to be this way anymore.
Mennad doesn't want to complain about anyone.
Mennad doesn't want to complain about anything.
Mennad doesn't want to die.
Mennad doesn't want to do that.
Mennad doesn't want to do this.
Mennad doesn't want to get attention.
Mennad doesn't want to go home.
Mennad doesn't want to go into detail.
Mennad doesn't want to have kids with this woman.
Mennad doesn't want to hear any of this.
Mennad doesn't want to hear anything about that.
Mennad doesn't want to help.
Mennad doesn't want to live anymore.
Mennad doesn't want to live in a cave.
Mennad doesn't want to live like this anymore.
Mennad doesn't want to play this game anymore.
Mennad doesn't want to see Baya like this.
Mennad doesn't want to see this.
Mennad doesn't want to swear.
Mennad doesn't want to talk to Baya.
Mennad doesn't want to use any bad words.
Mennad doesn't want what CPR means.
Mennad doesn't watch Baya's videos.
Mennad drank Baya's juice.
Mennad drank a cup of milk.
Mennad drank and experimented with drugs.
Mennad drank and smoked at parties.
Mennad drank too much that night.
Mennad drank water.
Mennad drank.
Mennad dressed up for the party.
Mennad drinks a lot of milk.
Mennad drinks alcohol.
Mennad drinks anything that's alcoholic.
Mennad drinks whole milk.
Mennad drinks wine every now and then.
Mennad drinks.
Mennad drives a cab.
Mennad drives a minivan.
Mennad dropped Baya off home.
Mennad dropped a marble in the garbage disposal.
Mennad dropped his phone in the garbage disposal.
Mennad dropped out of school.
Mennad dropped out.
Mennad dropped the flashlight.
Mennad drove Baya away.
Mennad drove Baya home.
Mennad drove all the way across town.
Mennad drove all the way from Cairo to Alexandria.
Mennad drove for hours and hours.
Mennad drove the truck the rest of the way.
Mennad drove to Baya's neighborhood.
Mennad drove to a deserted airport.
Mennad drove to that neighborhood.
Mennad dyed his hair again.
Mennad e-mailed his parents.
Mennad e-mailed me.
Mennad earns a thousand dollars a day.
Mennad eats centipedes.
Mennad eats lots of ice cream.
Mennad eats out every day.
Mennad eats pig.
Mennad eats pork.
Mennad eats soup.
Mennad edited his videos.
Mennad encouraged Baya to drink milk.
Mennad encouraged Baya.
Mennad ended his life last year.
Mennad ended his own life.
Mennad ended up alone.
Mennad ended up back in the hospital after six weeks of college.
Mennad ended up canceling his appointment.
Mennad ended up doing online school for a semester.
Mennad ended up going back to Egypt.
Mennad ended up going back to school.
Mennad ended up going to the University of Cairo.
Mennad ended up graduated sixth in our class.
Mennad ended up in prison.
Mennad ended up leaving that job.
Mennad ended up losing his leg.
Mennad ended up quitting nursing.
Mennad ended up quitting.
Mennad ended up sitting on the floor, crying.
Mennad enjoyed Baya's story.
Mennad enjoyed it.
Mennad enlisted in the army.
Mennad enrolled in college.
Mennad entertained himself.
Mennad even had suicidal thoughts.
Mennad expected Baya to take care of his children.
Mennad explained everything to Baya.
Mennad explained the whole situation to the security guards.
Mennad explained to us how he broke his nose.
Mennad explained to us the surgery process that he went through.
Mennad exploited Baya's low sense of confidence.
Mennad expressed how he felt about that stuff.
Mennad failed and he deserved to be punished.
Mennad failed the spelling test.
Mennad failed the test.
Mennad faked his pain.
Mennad farted again.
Mennad farted in the bathroom.
Mennad farted.
Mennad farts all the time.
Mennad feeds his fish every day.
Mennad feels alright now.
Mennad feels at peace.
Mennad feels comfortable with this.
Mennad feels depressed.
Mennad feels different.
Mennad feels disgusting.
Mennad feels good.
Mennad feels independent in Egypt.
Mennad feels insecure about his body.
Mennad feels so bad.
Mennad feels so close to that family.
Mennad feels so much better now.
Mennad fell and hit his head on the sidewalk.
Mennad fell asleep.
Mennad fell down on Baya's face and broke her nose.
Mennad fell down on his head.
Mennad fell down, crying.
Mennad fell in love.
Mennad fell on Baya's face and broke her nose.
Mennad fell.
Mennad felt Baya touching him again.
Mennad felt OK.
Mennad felt arms coming around him and carrying him away.
Mennad felt as if he had been awake for a year.
Mennad felt bad for Baya.
Mennad felt bad for me.
Mennad felt bad for that girl.
Mennad felt better.
Mennad felt broken again.
Mennad felt comfortable doing that.
