Diverting hundred of billions of dollars from fossil fuels into renewable energy and cutting energy waste would shave just 0.06% off expected annual economic growth rates of 1.3%-3%.
Divide and conquer.
Divide and rule!
Divide it among the three.
Divide it into two equal parts.
Divide it.
Divide its length and breadth by ten.
Divide that by four.
Divide that number by three.
Divide the cake among the three of you.
Divide the cake among you three.
Divide the cake between you two.
Divide the candies among you.
Divide the candles among you.
Divide the money among you.
Divide the pie into three pieces.
Divide the pile of documents equally, and take them one by one to either side of the room.
Divide the pizza among you three.
Divide the pizza in three.
Divide the pizza into thirds.
Divide the pizza into three.
Divide these apples between you three.
Divide this among yourselves.
Divide this cake among you three.
Divide this in half.
Divide this into halves!
Divide this line into twenty equal parts.
Divide this line segment into twenty equal parts.
Divide up the food so that there's enough for Tom.
Divide-and-conquer strategies involve pitting groups against one another.
Divine intelligence operates in everything.
Divine is the clarity of your eyes, which are diaphanous like crystal drops.
Divine transcendence is now rejected, and a philosophy of immanence takes its place.
Diving in caves is extremely dangerous.
Diving in the Philippines was incredible, but I'm excited to be heading back to Sydney now.
Divinity is concealed in each of us.
Divinity is the root of all things.
Division by zero is a big no-no in mathematics.
Divorce can put mutual friends of the divorcing couple in a difficult position, particularly if it's an acrimonious split.
Divorce her.
Divorce hurts children.
Divorce is a human right.
Divorce is always painful.
Divorce is becoming more common nowadays.
Divorce is difficult when children are involved.
Divorce is generally a painful parting.
Divorce is legal in Algeria.
Divorce is not an option.
Divorce is not what Sami wanted.
Divorce is stressful.
Divorce rates might reach a plateau soon.
Divorce tends to be associated with a negative image.
Divorcing crossed my mind.
Diwali is celebrated in India.
Diwali takes place in October-November and lasts for five days.
Dizzy, Gabriel crawled on all fours to find a bottle of water.
Djafar doesn't know how to write correctly.
Djafar is a shepherd.
Djafar is learning Kabyle.
Djafar is smart. Me too.
Djafar is stealing chickens.
Djafar smells manure.
Djafar was drunk yesterday.
Djamal is the one who loves Kabyle tongue like his life.
Djamila, the great singer of Kabyle music, left us yesterday.
Djanet belongs to Algeria.
Djanet is Disneyland for tourists seeking adventure in Algeria.
Djanet is Disneyland for tourists visiting the Algerian Sahara.
Djanet is in the southeast of Algeria.
Djelfa is one of Algeria's capitals of cattle industry.
Djemaa-Saharidj under snow. Repeat after me.
Djibouti has few natural resources and little industry.
Djibouti is a less developed country.
Djibouti is an Arab country.
Djibouti is the capital of Djibouti.
Dmitri Mendeleev was a Russian chemist.
Dmitri Mendeleev was born in Tobolsk, Russia.
Dmitri Mendeleev was born on February 8th, 1834.
Dmitri Shostakovich was a Russian composer.
Dmitri abducted Rima for his pleasure.
Dmitri accompanied Rima in her demon-hunt mission.
Dmitri accused Rima of murdering people.
Dmitri added a scarecrow to the field.
Dmitri admitted that it was him in the tape.
Dmitri agreed to talk to Rima.
Dmitri agreed to testify against Rima.
Dmitri already has a mistress.
Dmitri always had a hard time keeping track of his kids.
Dmitri always had coffee outside.
Dmitri always keeps moving.
Dmitri always kept the doors locked in his house.
Dmitri always released his students early.
Dmitri always talked about how fun his camping trip in Algeria was.
Dmitri and Anna became even closer after that incident.
Dmitri and Anna only saw each other a couple times a year.
Dmitri and Anna spent the rest of the day sharing stories and drinks.
Dmitri and Anna stayed up talking.
Dmitri and Anna talked a bit more in the tent.
Dmitri and Anna talked for hours.
Dmitri and Anna were by the campfire, talking.
Dmitri and Anna were down in Florida for a camping trip.
Dmitri and Anna were talking inside of their tent.
Dmitri and Anna would play for hours.
Dmitri and Rima are the only people left in the apartment.
Dmitri and Rima ate dinner and conversed.
Dmitri and Rima connected nicely.
Dmitri and Rima got into an argument.
Dmitri and Rima had tea together.
Dmitri and Rima made up.
Dmitri and Rima performed yoga together.
Dmitri and Rima played, ate, and had a lot of fun together.
Dmitri and Rima separated from the group.
Dmitri and Rima started to like each other.
Dmitri and Rima used to be a couple.
Dmitri and Rima work on the same floor.
Dmitri and Rima’s arms collide when they write.
Dmitri and Rima’s elbows were colliding.
Dmitri and his family went on an big camping trip.
Dmitri and his friends debated calling 911.
Dmitri and his friends decided to meet up after work.
Dmitri and his friends decided to take a camping trip together.
Dmitri and his friends did all sorts of things together.
Dmitri and his friends got their campsite set up.
Dmitri and his friends were having a cook-out in the clearing.
Dmitri and his friends were just having a good time.
Dmitri apologized to Rima via email.
Dmitri appeared to be a dad.
Dmitri applied hand sanitizer.
Dmitri approached the tree line.
Dmitri armed himself with a butcher knife.
Dmitri arrived with a meal.
Dmitri asked Anna to call him when she got back to her cabin.
Dmitri asked Anna to go camping with him for his birthday.
Dmitri asked Rima about her previous work.
Dmitri asked Rima for water.
Dmitri asked Rima to be more careful.
Dmitri asked Rima to go away and never show her face again.
Dmitri asked Rima to open the door.
Dmitri asked Rima to rest.
Dmitri asked Rima to talk fast.
Dmitri asked Rima to walk away before she regretted it.
Dmitri asked his students to meet him at the school.
Dmitri asked the kids if they were lost.
Dmitri ate outside the RV.
Dmitri attacked Rima.
Dmitri attended a funeral.
Dmitri attended a meeting in the city.
Dmitri attended a summer camp in 2004.
Dmitri avoided eating from Rima’s lunchbox.
Dmitri awoke, rejuvenated by the nap.
Dmitri backed up his arguments with the help of his fists.
Dmitri beat Rima.
Dmitri beat the crap out of the soldier.
Dmitri became a full-time dad.
Dmitri became paranoid.
Dmitri became possessed and collapsed.
Dmitri became the most annoying kid in the world.
Dmitri became used to those noises.
Dmitri befriended Rima.
Dmitri began running as fast as he could through the field.
Dmitri began the live stream.
Dmitri began to dismember Rima.
Dmitri began to move towards his hammock.
Dmitri began walking deeper into the field.
Dmitri begged Anna to stay with him in the lodge that night.
Dmitri belittled Rima for never bringing her own lunchbox.
Dmitri belittled Rima.
Dmitri berated the judge.
Dmitri bit Rima.
Dmitri blasted Rima unconscious with his airgun.
Dmitri blew his brains out.
Dmitri blew up the car.
Dmitri broke the branch off the tree.
Dmitri broke the door with the axe.
Dmitri brought Rima to his town.
Dmitri brought food.
Dmitri brought his camper.
Dmitri brought his own lunchbox.
Dmitri brought some water and snacks.
Dmitri buried himself under a pile of leaves.
Dmitri burnt Anna's tent.
Dmitri burnt the whole camp down.
Dmitri called Rima’s phone.
Dmitri called a neighbor to help him bring Anna inside.
Dmitri called the number.
Dmitri came back home.
Dmitri came crying.
Dmitri came home to his wife.
Dmitri camped at night.
Dmitri camped in a really secluded area.
Dmitri can leave quietly.
Dmitri can no longer trust Rima.
Dmitri cannot betray his wife.
Dmitri cannot find Rima.
Dmitri cannot see it.
Dmitri cannot see that with his eyes.
Dmitri can’t bring his own food.
Dmitri can’t drive Rima today.
Dmitri can’t feel anything.
Dmitri captured a few more photos before he went home.
Dmitri carried out all sorts of weird experiments on zombies.
Dmitri carved out the onion.
Dmitri caught a bunch of catfish.
Dmitri caught a turtle in the lake.
Dmitri caused Rima to get hurt.
Dmitri changed his clothes first.
Dmitri changed into his uniform before he departed.
Dmitri changed the direction he was running in.
Dmitri checked Rima’s cell but she wasn’t there.
Dmitri checked out the room.
Dmitri checked outside the door and there was nothing.
Dmitri claimed that his parents flew to Algiers.
Dmitri claimed to be a law-abiding citizen.
Dmitri climbed one of the trees that he liked to spend his time in.
Dmitri climbed to his treehouse.
Dmitri combed the area, but found nothing.
Dmitri committed the unthinkable.
Dmitri compared the amounts.
Dmitri confessed that he was in love with Rima.
Dmitri confirmed the accusation.
Dmitri continued his hike without any more trouble.
Dmitri continued to mind his business.
Dmitri continued to run through the woods to his truck.
Dmitri convinced Rima to use her connection with the guard.
Dmitri cooked a lot of delicious food.
Dmitri cooked up some food.
Dmitri could barely hear Anna's voice.
Dmitri could barely see Anna's silhouette in the dark.
Dmitri could clearly see the police helicopter.
Dmitri could hypnotize people.
Dmitri could see confusion on Anna's face.
Dmitri could see that in Anna's eyes.
Dmitri could see the silhouette of a man in the middle of the clearing.
Dmitri could walk Anna's German Shepherds for her.
Dmitri couldn't get into the RV.
Dmitri couldn’t help Rima.
Dmitri crawled back into the tent.
Dmitri crawled out of his small tent.
Dmitri crawled out of the tent.
Dmitri cried in agony.
Dmitri cut Rima’s palm with scissors.
Dmitri cut off Rima’s hand with an axe.
Dmitri cut the tree down on the road.
Dmitri cut the trip early that night.
Dmitri dealt with the zombies.
Dmitri decided to cut his camping trip short.
Dmitri decided to embark on a five-day camping trip.
Dmitri decided to go for a hike.
Dmitri decided to go hiking alone.
Dmitri decided to go to bed early.
Dmitri decided to move back into his family home.
Dmitri decided to pack up and leave the camp early.
Dmitri decided to sell the old house.
Dmitri decided to take matters in his own hands.
Dmitri decided to use that time to go get a drink of water.
Dmitri decimated every single soldier that came in his way.
Dmitri declined.
Dmitri delivered Rima to the colonel.
Dmitri delivered the goods timely.
Dmitri demanded from Rima to know everything that had happened to her.
Dmitri described the exact same thing Anna had seen.
Dmitri devoured Rima’s sandwich disgustingly.
Dmitri devoured the food.
Dmitri devoured the jalebis.
Dmitri did a perimeter check around the tent and didn't see anything.
Dmitri did end up in the hospital.
Dmitri didn't find anything in the cabin.
Dmitri didn't get any sleep for the rest of the night.
Dmitri didn't have a class with Anna.
Dmitri didn't have a phone or a laptop to occupy him.
Dmitri didn't have on a uniform.
Dmitri didn't hear Anna open the door.
Dmitri didn't see any sign of tracks.
Dmitri didn't want to sound like he had sold his marbles.
Dmitri didn’t give away anything.
Dmitri didn’t like the candidate at all.
Dmitri didn’t work out.
Dmitri died an agonizing death.
Dmitri died at the bunker.
Dmitri died because of his injuries.
Dmitri died five days later.
Dmitri died in the cave.
Dmitri discovered a cemetery.
Dmitri discovered that Rima was not with them.
Dmitri dismissed Rima’s warnings and went to the restricted areas.
Dmitri dismissed the redness on his ankle as a rash.
Dmitri distracted Rima every few minutes.
Dmitri dived back into the water.
Dmitri dived into the whirlpool.
Dmitri does not understand what is going on.
Dmitri does the unpredicted.
Dmitri doesn’t believe in demons.
Dmitri doesn’t care that his cover is blown.
Dmitri doesn’t even sell that color.
Dmitri doesn’t feel so well.
Dmitri doesn’t like wasting time.
Dmitri doesn’t want his money back that way.
Dmitri doesn’t want to be buried alone.
Dmitri doesn’t want to leave his friends behind.
Dmitri dragged Rima out of the car.
Dmitri dragged Rima with him.
Dmitri dragged himself up from the empty grave.
Dmitri drank alcohol that night.
Dmitri drank soft drinks.
Dmitri dressed up as an old lady.
Dmitri drinks water to keep himself from getting hungry.
Dmitri dropped a soft drink on the floor.
Dmitri dropped down from the rafters.
Dmitri drove a large RV.
Dmitri drove a perfectly armored vehicle.
Dmitri drove crazily, upsetting Rima.
Dmitri drove into the camp.
Dmitri drove the RV down the dirt path.
Dmitri drove to Anna's house to hang out for a few hours.
Dmitri drove to another RV park.
Dmitri eats a human heart every day.
Dmitri emailed Rima, informing her that he had an appointment with Walid.
Dmitri emerged from his tent.
Dmitri enjoyed having coffee on the balcony.
Dmitri enjoyed learning from customer service.
Dmitri enjoyed that peaceful solitude.
Dmitri enjoyed the scenery.
Dmitri ensured everyone’s safety.
Dmitri even lost his pistol.
Dmitri explained the horror film.
Dmitri explained to his parents what happened.
Dmitri failed to protect his little sister.
Dmitri failed, too.
Dmitri feels comfortable in his suit.
Dmitri fell asleep not to long after.
Dmitri fell deeper in love with Rima.
Dmitri fell on the road.
Dmitri felt accomplished after fighting Walid.
Dmitri felt bad that he lashed out at the kid.
Dmitri felt like he had stepped into some sort of twilight zone.
Dmitri filmed himself on camera.
Dmitri finally believed Rima.
Dmitri finally found Rima eating on the roof top.
Dmitri finally got back to the camp.
Dmitri finally killed Rima.
Dmitri finally mustered the courage to come out of his tent.
Dmitri finished Rima off.
Dmitri finished eating before the sun went down.
Dmitri fired a few shots at police cars.
Dmitri followed the road.
Dmitri followed the trail that wound through the woods.
Dmitri forced Rima to come with him.
Dmitri forced Rima to drop the knife.
Dmitri forgot to ask Rima how she got the bruises.
Dmitri fought back.
Dmitri found Rima half-naked in a room.
Dmitri found Rima in forty pieces.
Dmitri found Rima unconscious.
Dmitri found a bomb under his bed.
Dmitri found a box full of jalebis.
Dmitri found a broken-down building in the middle of the woods.
Dmitri found a destroyed and abandoned structure in the middle of the woods.
Dmitri found a grave with strange symbols.
Dmitri found a hole in the floor.
Dmitri found a pile of cigarette butts on the rock.
Dmitri found a rattlesnake in the closet.
Dmitri found an abandoned trailer in the woods.
Dmitri found cameras everywhere.
Dmitri found himself in a forest.
Dmitri found himself inside another-worldly house.
Dmitri found spiders in his bed.
Dmitri found the kids safe.
Dmitri frantically turned on the light.
Dmitri freed himself from Rima.
Dmitri gave Rima a can of soda.
Dmitri gave Rima a card.
Dmitri gave Rima a cloth to cover herself.
Dmitri gave Rima a massage.
Dmitri gave Rima a share of his own food.
Dmitri gave Rima a vial.
Dmitri gave away his location.
Dmitri gave his full confession.
Dmitri gave off energizing vibes.
Dmitri goes hunting all the time.
Dmitri got a fire going.
Dmitri got back inside the RV and weighed his options.
Dmitri got back on the trail and continued his hike.
Dmitri got back on the trail immediately.
Dmitri got back to camp.
Dmitri got back very late in the evening.
Dmitri got drunk and behaved disrespectfully.
Dmitri got his tent set up.
Dmitri got in the canoe with that girl.
Dmitri got into his tent and lied down.
Dmitri got paranoid.
Dmitri got ready.
Dmitri got stuck on the side of the road.
Dmitri got tipsy.
Dmitri got to the rock formation.
Dmitri got to the top.
Dmitri got up of his chair.
Dmitri grabbed Anna's arm and started pulling her back.
Dmitri grabbed Anna's leg and started pulling her into the water.
Dmitri grabbed a large rock and handed it to Anna.
Dmitri grabbed his cellphone and left.
Dmitri grabbed his walking stick.
Dmitri grabbed some wood to start a fire.
Dmitri grabbed the watermalon and threw it to the lake.
Dmitri grew up in a somewhat rural area.
Dmitri grew up in a very rural section of the country.
Dmitri growled at the tresspasser.
Dmitri had a good summer.
Dmitri had a huge tent to set up.
Dmitri had a mouth full of tobacco that restricted him from talking properly.
Dmitri had a scary experience working the night shift.
Dmitri had a similar thing happened to him.
Dmitri had an emergency at his work.
Dmitri had coffee on the porch.
Dmitri had coffee outside.
Dmitri had goosebumps all down his arms.
Dmitri had nothing to do with it.
Dmitri had nowhere to go to for safety.
Dmitri had pretty good service in the woods.
Dmitri had really bad intentions.
Dmitri had some sort of mental illness.
Dmitri had to go through that trail.
Dmitri had to pee.
Dmitri had to set up camp again.
Dmitri had to walk to school.
Dmitri had youthful brown eyes.
Dmitri handed Rima another vial.
Dmitri has a demon birthmark.
Dmitri has a special weapon at his disposal.
Dmitri has a unique ability.
Dmitri has already called the cops.
Dmitri has already changed into his uniform.
Dmitri has always loved camping in the fall.
Dmitri has an unlikable and cantankerous personality.
Dmitri has arrived only half an hour ago.
Dmitri has been doing that alone all his life.
Dmitri has been gone for so long.
Dmitri has been in Rima’s house.
Dmitri has been running the camp for years.
Dmitri has been very helpful.
Dmitri has camped here for years.
Dmitri has done the right thing.
Dmitri has gone crazy.
Dmitri has grown up.
Dmitri has killed all the zombies around.
Dmitri has never run that fast in his life.
Dmitri has never slept in a car.
Dmitri has no intention to return.
Dmitri has other plans.
Dmitri has raw hearts for Rima to eat.
Dmitri has sold all his assets.
Dmitri has to meet Rima’s demands.
Dmitri has to watch out for hyenas.
Dmitri hasn’t died.
Dmitri hasn’t eaten anything the entire day.
Dmitri headed out of the camp.
Dmitri headed outside with a bat.
Dmitri headed straight north.
Dmitri headed straight to the camera room.
Dmitri headed to the upside-down car.
Dmitri heard Anna's name being called.
Dmitri heard a girl's laughter.
Dmitri heard a large branch snap in the woods.
Dmitri heard a noise and figured it was an animal.
Dmitri heard a stick snapping right behind his tent.
Dmitri heard a tree branch cracking.
Dmitri heard about Rima’s meeting with the CEO.
Dmitri heard clear as day a blood-curdling scream behind him.
Dmitri heard leaves rustling.
Dmitri heard slow, soft footsteps.
Dmitri heard some animal running away.
Dmitri heard something scurrying towards him.
Dmitri heard the distinct sound of the hyena sniffing the ground.
Dmitri heard the hum of a distant cicada.
Dmitri heard the rustling of plastic outside his tent.
Dmitri heard the shower turn off.
Dmitri heard the sound of a gunshot that caused the jackals to scatter.
Dmitri heard the sound of someone in the barn.
Dmitri heard the terrifying sound of wolves.
Dmitri heard what sounded like footsteps.
Dmitri held the knife.
Dmitri helped Anna find her truck last night.
Dmitri helped Rima find the murderer.
Dmitri helped Rima turn on her laptop.
Dmitri hid amid the shrubs and trees.
Dmitri hid in a cage nearby.
Dmitri hiked a good portion of the path.
Dmitri hiked up the ridge.
Dmitri hired another CEO.
Dmitri hired older people.
Dmitri hit Rima with his sword.
Dmitri hoped the next day would bring some better luck.
Dmitri hopped on his bike and spent the whole day riding in the woods.
Dmitri hung out with his friends every day.
Dmitri hurriedly returned to the apartment.
Dmitri immediately let go of Anna's hand.
Dmitri immediately ran away.
Dmitri immediately took the soft drinks.
Dmitri impaled himself on Walid’s sword and died.
Dmitri injured himself in the process.
Dmitri inquired what Rima was eating.
Dmitri inquired where Rima was.
Dmitri invited Anna over for burgers.
Dmitri invited Anna to his grandfather's camp.
Dmitri invited Rima as well.
Dmitri invited Rima inside.
Dmitri is Rima’s rescuer.
Dmitri is a CEO.
Dmitri is a born tactician.
Dmitri is a busy person.
Dmitri is a camp counselor.
Dmitri is a demon hunter.
Dmitri is a fourth-grader at an all-boys’ school in Algiers.
Dmitri is a retired widower.
Dmitri is a shameless glutton.
Dmitri is an adult now.
Dmitri is as busy as ever.
Dmitri is committed to the company.
Dmitri is facing a difficult time.
Dmitri is going to explain the movie.
Dmitri is handling the issue.
Dmitri is helping Rima out.
Dmitri is in front of Rima now.
Dmitri is in his room.
Dmitri is just warming up.
Dmitri is neglecting his daughter’s life.
Dmitri is not a man of small stature.
Dmitri is not happy with it.
Dmitri is on his way to Rima’s house.
Dmitri is skilled.
Dmitri is slower.
Dmitri is still alone in the forest.
Dmitri is the Berber teacher.
Dmitri is the commander.
Dmitri is the new intern.
Dmitri is the only person Rima loves.
Dmitri is the son of a cult leader.
Dmitri is visiting his son in Algiers.
Dmitri is working late tonight.
Dmitri isn’t cooperative.
Dmitri joined the students.
Dmitri just emailed Rima.
Dmitri just wasn't tired yet and couldn't sleep.
Dmitri kept looking around for probably an hour.
Dmitri kept that from his parents.
Dmitri kicked the door until it broke open.
Dmitri killed Rima’s twin brother.
Dmitri killed all the soldiers.
Dmitri killed his cellmate.
Dmitri killed snakes with his walking stick.
Dmitri killed the doctor then and there.
Dmitri killed the mayor.
Dmitri killed the soldiers one by one.
Dmitri killed the zombies.
Dmitri knocked Rima out again.
Dmitri knows Rima is cheating.
Dmitri laced up his shoes and stepped out of his tent.
Dmitri leant on Rima who comforted him.
Dmitri led the way down the steep staircase.
Dmitri left Anna flowers.
Dmitri left his job.
Dmitri left his people after a battle and never returned.
Dmitri left the camp the following day.
Dmitri left the classroom.
Dmitri left the door open and a rattlesnake got in.
Dmitri left the fire going and went into his tent.
Dmitri left the flower bouquet on the stoep.
Dmitri left the room.
Dmitri left the summer camp.
Dmitri let his mind wander to other things.
Dmitri let his parents know that he was leaving.
Dmitri let the campfire die out.
Dmitri liked walking at night.
Dmitri listened quietly.
Dmitri listened to his voice mails.
Dmitri lived in Algeria for most of his life.
Dmitri lives alone in a fairly large cabin.
Dmitri lives in Algiers. It’s quite far.
Dmitri lives just a few miles from Anna.
Dmitri loaded up his minivan.
Dmitri locked eyes with Anna.
Dmitri locked eyes with the hyena.
Dmitri locked the tunnel door.
Dmitri looked at Anna wide-eyed.
Dmitri looked at Rima in disappointment.
Dmitri looked at the food.
Dmitri looked back and saw his sister through the trees.
Dmitri looked back towards the field.
Dmitri looked behind him into the woods.
Dmitri looked like a suicide bomber.
Dmitri looked out the window as well.
Dmitri looked out the window.
Dmitri looked to his left and saw a man he had never seen before lurking by the vending machines.
Dmitri looked up at the top of the ridge and saw Anna's silhouette.
Dmitri looks pretty hard.
Dmitri lost control.
Dmitri lost his scholarship.
Dmitri loved Rima very much.
Dmitri loved being Anna's student.
Dmitri loved that summer camp.
Dmitri loved the rain.
Dmitri loved the simple life in the woods.
Dmitri loved traveling in the Carolinas.
Dmitri lurked behind the trees to frighten the girls.
Dmitri made Rima apologize.
Dmitri made a few friends at the summer camp.
Dmitri made a fire and cooked some dinner.
Dmitri made fun of Rima’s wife.
Dmitri made it to the barn.
Dmitri made it to the trail before dark.
Dmitri made strange noises.
Dmitri made the pills.
Dmitri managed to divert the zombies.
Dmitri managed to get inside the truck.
Dmitri managed to run away.
Dmitri managed to travel a great distance.
Dmitri married a demonic woman.
Dmitri mentioned his good qualities.
Dmitri mentioned the existence of spirits.
Dmitri met the mayor.
Dmitri met the other moms.
Dmitri missed Rima in class and was worried about her.
Dmitri moved closer but Rima took no notice of him.
Dmitri mumbled something.
Dmitri must have imagined the whole thing.
Dmitri needs to be taken care of by Rima.
Dmitri needs to confront his problem.
Dmitri needs to go see friends and live a little.
Dmitri needs to keep his mouth shut.
Dmitri never asked Rima to give him a rise.
Dmitri never brings a lunchbox to school.
Dmitri never brings his food.
Dmitri never brought food.
Dmitri never directly said he killed anyone.
Dmitri never had a dangerous encounter in the woods.
Dmitri never killed a single human in his life.
Dmitri never lets his kids out of his sight.
Dmitri never saw Anna leave the camp.
Dmitri no longer saw that shadows.
Dmitri noticed Anna's tent.
Dmitri noticed Rima had a daughter.
Dmitri noticed a box full of blood in the lab.
Dmitri noticed a glow in the distance.
Dmitri noticed that a few pages from Rima’s book were missing.
Dmitri noticed the bruises on Rima’s face.
Dmitri noticed the grass around his tent was pushed down.
Dmitri noticed the look in Anna's eyes.
Dmitri noticed the tattoo on Rima’s chest.
Dmitri offered Rima a box of cake.
Dmitri offered Rima.
Dmitri often forgot to take an umbrella.
Dmitri only drinks at night.
Dmitri opened his lunchbox.
Dmitri opened the portal.
Dmitri overpowered Rima.
Dmitri owns a small garage.
Dmitri owns numerous properties across the country.
Dmitri packed a lot of food.
Dmitri packed enough water for the journey.
Dmitri packed his tent and left the campsite.
Dmitri packed his tent.
Dmitri packed up his things and put out the fire.
Dmitri paid just forty percent of the price.
Dmitri parked his RV as close to the exit of the park as possible.
Dmitri pays more attention that.
Dmitri peeked out the curtain.
Dmitri picked up his pace and ignored the men's calls.
Dmitri pinned Rima to the wall.
Dmitri placed the electric lantern on the table.
Dmitri planned on going out hunting in the afternoon.
Dmitri planned to explore that forest.
Dmitri planned to stay for a night or two before going home.
Dmitri planned to stay for a whole day.
Dmitri planned to take a trail across the forest.
Dmitri plunged the pencil into the nostril of a zombie.
Dmitri pointed his flashlight through the doorway.
Dmitri poured himself some coffee.
Dmitri powered the elevators.
Dmitri practiced talking fast.
Dmitri praised Rima’s work.
Dmitri pretended to call someone.
Dmitri promised to do the rest.
Dmitri provided Rima with proper medical treatment.
Dmitri pulled Anna to shore.
Dmitri pulled out his briefcase.
Dmitri put down his phone and listened.
Dmitri put his finger over his lips, making a hushing sound.
Dmitri put his hand on the Labrador's head.
Dmitri put on his boots and grabbed his hatchet.
Dmitri put out the fire and went inside his tent.
Dmitri put sugar into the carved out onion.
Dmitri put the notes aside.
Dmitri questioned Rima about what she was going to eat.
Dmitri quickly called for backup.
Dmitri quickly grabbed his flashlight.
Dmitri quickly made a run for the barn door.
Dmitri ran back to Anna's place.
Dmitri ran for a good few minutes.
Dmitri ran for the hills.
Dmitri rang a bell, too.
Dmitri reached the classroom.
Dmitri reached the cluster of boulders and started to climb.
Dmitri reached the next campsite before sunset.
Dmitri reached the ridge.
Dmitri reached the town.
Dmitri read the incantation.
Dmitri realized Rima was right.
Dmitri realized that the zombies had gotten near.
Dmitri really enjoyed the camp.
Dmitri received Rima warmly.
Dmitri received a message from Rima.
Dmitri received an email from Rima.
Dmitri recited a funny poem.
Dmitri recited the incantation.
Dmitri recognized that phrase.
Dmitri recovered.
Dmitri refused to eat.
Dmitri refused to leave the room without the picture.
Dmitri regained consciousness again.
Dmitri removed Rima from the water.
Dmitri repeatedly kicked Rima’s hand off until he was free.
Dmitri rescued the little girl away from the traumatic scenery.
Dmitri retaliated.
Dmitri returned to attack Rima.
Dmitri returned to his live stream.
Dmitri returned to his reality.
Dmitri returned, too.
Dmitri ripped Rima’s heart.
Dmitri rolled his eyes.
Dmitri rushed outside.
Dmitri rushed to a helicopter.
Dmitri said he was a demon.
Dmitri said he was the camp director.
Dmitri said he would help Rima.
Dmitri sang the incantation.
Dmitri sarcastically thanked Rima.
Dmitri sat at the fire all night.
Dmitri sat by the campfire with the gun in hand.
Dmitri sat by the fire, playing guitar.
Dmitri sat on the ground, next to his tent.
Dmitri sat on the porch.
Dmitri saved Anna's ass that day.
Dmitri saw Anna running away in the distance.
Dmitri saw Anna standing behind a tree.
Dmitri saw Rima fade into nothingness.
Dmitri saw a couple coming towards him.
Dmitri saw a man looking around near his RV.
Dmitri saw a man with his head twisted.
Dmitri saw a massive figure in the woods.
Dmitri saw a mysterious silhouette in the fog.
Dmitri saw footprints all around his tent.
Dmitri saw no sign of Anna.
Dmitri saw six different hyenas sniffing around the camp.
Dmitri saw that, too.
Dmitri saw the whirlpool.
Dmitri scared the crap out of Rima.
Dmitri scolded Rima for not taking the deal.
Dmitri searched the cabin and the area around it.
Dmitri seemed to be acting cautious.
Dmitri seemed to be failing miserably.
Dmitri seemed to notice Anna.
Dmitri sees this as a precaution.
Dmitri sent Anna flower bouquets.
Dmitri sent an angry email to Rima.
Dmitri sent the maid away.
Dmitri set things in motion.
Dmitri set up camp and swam in the lake.
Dmitri set up his campsite by a small lake.
Dmitri settled down there for a night of fishing.
Dmitri severed Rima’s body in two.
Dmitri shared the chocolate with all of his friends.
Dmitri shined his flashlight behind his tent.
Dmitri shone the light up towards the ceiling of the barn.
Dmitri shot Rima with her airgun.
Dmitri shot Rima with his shotgun.
Dmitri shot down the helicopter.
Dmitri shot the leader.
Dmitri shot the zombie in the head for good measure.
Dmitri should not go to that area.
Dmitri showed Rima a magical stone that glows in the presence of a demon within a four hundred meter radius.
Dmitri showed genuine love and care towards the kids.
Dmitri showed up and accused Rima of killing his sister.
Dmitri sipped his coffee on the back porch.
Dmitri slammed Rima into the mirror.
Dmitri slapped Rima’s hand.
Dmitri slashed Rima’s arm with a knife.
Dmitri slept in the rain.
Dmitri slowly walked to Anna's tent.
Dmitri smelt the food.
Dmitri snapped a few pictures of the lake.
Dmitri snuck inside the tent.
Dmitri snuck up on Anna late at night.
Dmitri solved the case.
Dmitri spent the first five days hiking towards the mountains.
Dmitri spent the night at the camp.
Dmitri spilled soy sauce on his jacket.
Dmitri spotted Anna at the edge of the property, talking to that man.
Dmitri spotted a flyer at a market, picked it up and read it.
Dmitri spotted a zombie nearby.
Dmitri spread the papers on the table.
Dmitri sprinted away into the forest.
Dmitri squeezed Anna's hand a bit tighter.
Dmitri stabbed Rima in the neck.
Dmitri stared at Anna with a blank stare.
Dmitri started back for his truck.
Dmitri started folding his tent up.
Dmitri started following the footprints.
Dmitri started four months back.
Dmitri started his route here.
Dmitri started living a new life.
Dmitri started making his way closer.
Dmitri started practicing alone.
Dmitri started the car.
Dmitri started to shine his flashlight around the barn.
Dmitri started to walk away.
Dmitri started turning into a zombie.
Dmitri started watching a movie on the TV inside of his RV.
Dmitri stayed a couple minutes in the tent.
Dmitri stayed at an RV park.
Dmitri stayed behind.
Dmitri stayed close to the cabin.
Dmitri stayed dead silent the entire time.
Dmitri stayed silent for a second, then spoke.
Dmitri stepped inside the cabin.
Dmitri stepped on the sticks and they snapped.
Dmitri still couldn't find the snake.
Dmitri still had his flashlight.
Dmitri still has a tent to set up.
Dmitri still kept his cool.
Dmitri stole Rima’s computer.
Dmitri stole from Rima.
Dmitri stood by the campfire.
Dmitri stood there, in the middle of the field.
Dmitri stopped Rima’s attack on Walid.
Dmitri stopped a few feet away.
Dmitri stopped and watched quietly.
Dmitri stopped at a distance.
Dmitri stopped cheating.
Dmitri stopped coming to school starting the next day.
Dmitri stopped coming to school.
Dmitri stopped right where he was.
Dmitri stopped to light a cigarette.
Dmitri stripped Rima naked but he couldn’t find the birthmark.
Dmitri succumbed to a short nap.
Dmitri suffered major blows.
Dmitri suspected Rima of being a demon.
Dmitri suspected that suitcase was the bomb.
Dmitri takes those pills every day.
Dmitri talked about food.
Dmitri tells a different story each time.
Dmitri thinks Rima is playing with him.
Dmitri thought about waking up his girlfriend.
Dmitri thought he saw something moving out in the fields.
Dmitri thought he was hallucinating.
Dmitri threw Rima out of the car.
Dmitri threw rocks at the hyena.
Dmitri threw stones at Rima.
Dmitri threw the stick down.
Dmitri threw the zombie out of the vehicle.
Dmitri told Rima not to do it.
Dmitri told Rima to apologize to Walid in person.
Dmitri told Rima to be calm.
Dmitri told Rima to sit down.
Dmitri told his kids to stay withing viewing distance.
Dmitri told the kids they didn't have to be scared.
Dmitri took Anna and Walid to go camping.
Dmitri took Rima hostage.
Dmitri took Rima to her sister.
Dmitri took Rima to his sister.
Dmitri took Rima to the bunker.
Dmitri took a backpacking trail.
Dmitri took a road trip across the Pacific Northwest in 2004.
Dmitri took a whiff of the food.
Dmitri took care of the guards downstairs.
Dmitri took control again.
Dmitri took his family to a safe place.
Dmitri took pity on Anna.
Dmitri took that as a confession.
Dmitri took the burst can and went to the counter to pay it.
Dmitri took the deal with Rima.
Dmitri took the knife to the detective he knows.
Dmitri took the man away.
Dmitri took the zombie to a zombie containment room.
Dmitri tried calling his boss, but no answer.
Dmitri tried his best to explain what he saw in the woods.
Dmitri tried to drive the truck out of the ditch.
Dmitri tried to free himself from Rima’s grip.
Dmitri tried to get out.
Dmitri tried to get the campfire going again.
Dmitri tried to hide in the shadows.
Dmitri tried to kill Rima with a knife.
Dmitri tried to make Rima come back.
Dmitri turned and looked behind him.
Dmitri turned around and walked back to the field.
Dmitri turned off the music.
Dmitri turned on the light.
Dmitri turned the life of Rima into a living girl.
Dmitri turned to look behind him and saw a hyena.
Dmitri unzipped the tent and stepped out.
Dmitri used his left hand to write.
Dmitri used his powers to control the zombies.
Dmitri used that bathhouse.
Dmitri used the walking stick to kill a snake.
Dmitri used to go through the woods.
Dmitri uses the zombies as free labor.
Dmitri visited Rima in an interrogation room.
Dmitri vomited blood on Rima.
Dmitri vouched for Rima.
Dmitri waited for the rest of his friends.
Dmitri waited patiently.
Dmitri walked around the fallen tree.
Dmitri walked around the lake.
Dmitri walked around the woods at night with just a flashlight.
Dmitri walked as far as he could in the general direction he came.
Dmitri walked into Anna's trailer came back into view.
Dmitri walked into the barn.
Dmitri walked into the school with bruises on his face.
Dmitri walked out of the gym.
Dmitri walked over to the front of the RV.
Dmitri walked right past the window, without stopping.
Dmitri walked the second half of the trail alone.
Dmitri walked to his brother's town.
Dmitri walked to his hometown.
Dmitri walked up to Anna's tent.
Dmitri wandered around the nearby streets.
Dmitri wandered the abandoned house.
Dmitri wanted to be in prison.
Dmitri wanted to go on a trip and experience something else besides the sea.
Dmitri wanted to kill Rima.
Dmitri wanted to know who that guy was.
Dmitri wanted to put a bullet in Rima’s head.
Dmitri wanted to reinvent himself.
Dmitri wanted to save his people.
Dmitri wanted to sell the house.
Dmitri wanted to sleep in Anna's truck.
Dmitri wanted to walk his German Shepherds in the woods.
Dmitri wants Rima alive.
Dmitri wants a new bed.
Dmitri wants another CEO.
Dmitri wants to go elsewhere.
Dmitri wants to maintain his youthful appearance.
Dmitri wants to resign.
Dmitri wants to stay out of prison.
Dmitri was Rima’s lawyer.
Dmitri was a Catholic schoolteacher.
Dmitri was a chubby guy, maybe in his late forties.
Dmitri was a little shaken by the way Anna was acting.
Dmitri was a lost camper.
Dmitri was a weird kid.
Dmitri was a year ahead of Anna.
Dmitri was able to fall asleep.
Dmitri was about to attack Rima.
Dmitri was already teleported to Mars.
Dmitri was apparently trying to manipulate Anna.
Dmitri was appointed as the new district attorney.
Dmitri was ashamed of himself.
Dmitri was asked how he saw himself in ten years.
Dmitri was asleep in his car.
Dmitri was at a sleep-away camp in Algeria.
Dmitri was attacked by Rima.
Dmitri was attacked by brain-hungry zombies.
Dmitri was attending a yoga class.
Dmitri was attending his yoga class.
Dmitri was being followed by Rima.
Dmitri was being moved to solitary.
Dmitri was calmly undressing.
Dmitri was camping in that area.
Dmitri was camping next to his truck.
Dmitri was camping with his wife.
Dmitri was carrying a body.
Dmitri was carrying grenade.
Dmitri was concerned about his camera.
Dmitri was constantly apologizing.
Dmitri was contented.
Dmitri was controlling a military drone.
Dmitri was controlling the zombies with his powers.
Dmitri was critical of working mothers.
Dmitri was cutting up Rima’s body.
Dmitri was distracted at first.
Dmitri was doing his own thing.
Dmitri was dressed in a hazmat suit.
Dmitri was dressed in a white tunic.
Dmitri was eager to explore the cabin.
Dmitri was eagerly waiting to devour Rima’s sandwich.
Dmitri was eating during the lunch break.
Dmitri was escorted to a maximum security prison.
Dmitri was especially interested in Rima’s pictures.
Dmitri was exploring the coast.
Dmitri was familiar with the cabin.
Dmitri was found buried with an oxygen mask.
Dmitri was good friends with a kid named Walid.
Dmitri was having a hard time fitting in.
Dmitri was having good fun at the camp.
Dmitri was having his moment of ecstasy.
Dmitri was hiding deep in the forest.
Dmitri was hit with fear and rushed upstairs.
Dmitri was holding a long stick.
Dmitri was in a holy place.
Dmitri was in a ridiculous situation.
Dmitri was in an environment of high fashion.
Dmitri was in his cozy sleeping bag.
Dmitri was in his sleeping bag.
Dmitri was in hyena territory.
Dmitri was in the camp director's cabin.
Dmitri was in the interrogation room.
Dmitri was in the main living room part of his RV.
Dmitri was infected with the zombie bite.
Dmitri was injected with a paralyzing serum.
Dmitri was injected with five drugs.
Dmitri was inside the bunker.
Dmitri was interrupted by a maid.
Dmitri was interviewed by different people.
Dmitri was jolted awake by that sound.
Dmitri was just seeing Anna's silhouette in the dark.
Dmitri was just starting to drift on when Anna tapped him on the shoulder.
Dmitri was left humiliated.
Dmitri was like a grumpy old dad.
Dmitri was listening for more sounds.
Dmitri was listening to Rima’s BS.
Dmitri was locked away.
Dmitri was looking for the next piece.
Dmitri was losing his mind.
Dmitri was made to drink a poison.
Dmitri was making Rima cry.
Dmitri was maybe a hundred feet away.
Dmitri was mesmerized by Rima’s beauty and simplicity.
Dmitri was no match to Walid.
Dmitri was not afraid of being exposed.
Dmitri was not sure what that scream was.
Dmitri was obsessed with boosting his social media popularity.
Dmitri was offered cookies by Rima.
Dmitri was on a hike in the area.
Dmitri was on the bank, looking at Anna.
Dmitri was on top of the ridge.
Dmitri was out last year in northern Washington for a solo vacation.
Dmitri was partially crouched down next to a tree.
Dmitri was peeling off his human skin.
Dmitri was pissed at the kids.
Dmitri was possessed by a demon.
Dmitri was pretty rattled.
Dmitri was pretty sleepy.
Dmitri was questioned by park rangers.
Dmitri was ready to sacrifice his life for others.
Dmitri was relaxing in his RV.
Dmitri was reluctant.
Dmitri was responsible for the welfare of the little girls at the camp.
Dmitri was roaming the camp with just a flashlight.
Dmitri was satisfied working for Rima.
Dmitri was saving up for college.
Dmitri was second-guessing everything he did.
Dmitri was sick and needed help.
Dmitri was sitting in his chair, by the fire.
Dmitri was soaking in the beauty of the wilderness.
Dmitri was spotted in a restricted area.
Dmitri was stabbed by a mysterious man in the midst of the forest.
Dmitri was standing in front of a house.
Dmitri was standing on the top of the ridge.
Dmitri was standing right by the fallen tree.
Dmitri was standing upright in the middle of the field.
Dmitri was still awake.
Dmitri was still scratching and prying at the front door with a huge butcher knife.
Dmitri was still shy around girls his own age.
Dmitri was still trapped in the room.
Dmitri was stopped by Rima.
Dmitri was stranded in the cold.
Dmitri was struggling to write.
Dmitri was stuck in the middle of a vast empty forest.
Dmitri was taken inside the bunker.
Dmitri was taking a bath inside a cave.
Dmitri was talking to Anna through the screen door.
Dmitri was talking to his cellmate.
Dmitri was the child who was kidnapped four years ago.
Dmitri was the main culprits.
Dmitri was thinking about how to extract the cure from the monkey.
Dmitri was thinking of the next step.
Dmitri was tired of Anna's pranks.
Dmitri was tired of climbing trees.
Dmitri was told to shut up.
Dmitri was trapped in a whirlpool.
Dmitri was trying to decipher an ancient parchment.
Dmitri was trying to fame the camera.
Dmitri was trying to find his parents on the beach.
Dmitri was trying to get into the RV.
Dmitri was trying to get to the next campsite before dark.
Dmitri was trying to pry open the front door with a knife.
Dmitri was undergoing a process of zombification.
Dmitri was used to Anna's pranks.
Dmitri was very scared by that thing.
Dmitri was waiting for the food to be ready.
Dmitri was walking in the woods, exploring.
Dmitri was walking on that road.
Dmitri was wandering around in the woods with his friends.
Dmitri was washing dishes when he heard a knock on the door.
Dmitri was watching in fear.
Dmitri wasn't a very good swimmer.
Dmitri wasn't in the water for too long.
Dmitri wasn't sure what Anna was doing outside.
Dmitri watches movie recaps.
Dmitri welcomed Rima.
Dmitri went back inside the RV.
Dmitri went back to his base.
Dmitri went back to work at the summer camp.
Dmitri went camping for a weekend.
Dmitri went down a trail that led to a small lake.
Dmitri went home early to begin the cleanup.
Dmitri went hunting for a day or two.
Dmitri went into the bunker.
Dmitri went into the lake.
Dmitri went into the woods to pee.
Dmitri went out to look for the intruder.
Dmitri went through Anna's backpack.
Dmitri went to Anna's camp every day.
Dmitri went to his daily exercise.
Dmitri went to his equipment.
Dmitri went to roast marshmallows by the fire pit.
Dmitri went to the cemetery.
Dmitri went to the location where the rehearsals were taking place.
Dmitri went to the rehearsals again.
Dmitri went to the warehouse.
Dmitri went to the window and looked outside.
Dmitri will be Rima’s intern.
Dmitri will be a camp counselor.
Dmitri will be staying in that small cabin for five days.
Dmitri will end up dead in a barrel.
Dmitri will feel pain that he has never felt before.
Dmitri will have to call his mother.
Dmitri will kill Rima for her crimes.
Dmitri will let the zombies have Rima.
Dmitri will never truly love Rima again.
Dmitri will take care of Rima.
Dmitri will work on being better.
Dmitri witnessed Rima’s execution.
Dmitri witnessed the rape and murder of his wife and kids.
Dmitri woke up and found himself in a strange suit.
Dmitri woke up and realized it was only a dream.
Dmitri woke up stripped of his clothes.
Dmitri woke up to the sound of someone running away from his tent.
Dmitri wore a black beanie.
Dmitri worked at a summer camp as a counselor.
Dmitri worked at the camp.
Dmitri works really hard.
Dmitri worried about Rima because she was acting weirdly.
Dmitri wound up at a different RV park.
Dmitri wrote Rima an email to apologize.
Dmitri wrote stories about him and Anna fucking.
Dmitri's RV had a big TV in the living room.
Dmitri's ankle was bright red.
Dmitri's answer deflated Anna's anger.
Dmitri's answer relieved any worries Anna had.
Dmitri's cabin was small and weather-beaten.
Dmitri's children are getting older.
Dmitri's clothes were stolen.
Dmitri's eyes were locked in the direction of the mysterious silhouette in the field.
Dmitri's gaze was fixed upon Anna.
Dmitri's hand was pressed up against the window.
Dmitri's mom never let him sleep over anywhere until her turned fourteen.
Dmitri's old truck was still reliable.
Dmitri's parents never let him go camping as a kid.
Dmitri's parents were informed about what had happened.
Dmitri's pistol was holstered to his waist.
Dmitri's shopping cart was filled with bags.
Dmitri's tent was near the woods.
Dmitri's town is very quiet.
Dmitri's truck was a piece of junk.
Dmitri's voice disturbed the tranquil night.
Dmitri's words were laced with gratitude.
Dmitri’s company hit its nine-month goal in four months.
Dmitri’s demands were as weird as his behavior.
Dmitri’s driver is missing.
Dmitri’s eyes were all white, which meant that he was in possession.
Dmitri’s food was all gone.
Dmitri’s hopes were not crushed.
Dmitri’s killer was skilled.
Dmitri’s walking stick was a gift from his granddaughter.
Dmitry Vladimirovich shook his finger at Vladimir Dmitrievich.
Do Algeria and Tunisia need a mutual defense pact?
Do Algerian deputies have official cars?
Do Algerian institutions need to be refounded?
Do Algerians buy things on credit cards?
Do Algerians deposit their foreign currency in the banks?
Do Algerians eat dinner late?
Do Algerians have access to clean water?
Do Algerians like or hate pizza?
Do Algerians pay a TV tax?
Do Algerians pay well?
Do Algerians really have to be scared of the current political crisis?
Do Algerians really have to be scared?
Do Algerians really pay their taxes?
Do Americans love the British accent?
Do Australians say "bloody"?
Do British people know what the NFL is?
Do Canadians eat a lot of fish?
Do Germans and French hate each other?
Do Germans drink beer every day?
Do Germans eat a lot of pork?
Do I accept who I am today?
Do I also need to talk to Tom?
Do I always have to do everything myself?
Do I annoy you sometimes?
Do I annoy you?
Do I appear rich?
Do I appear that weak?
Do I appear to look like I am rich?
Do I appear to look like I am wealthy?
Do I appreciate the image in front of me?
Do I appreciate who I've become?
Do I contradict myself? Very well, then I contradict myself, I am large, I contain multitudes!
Do I count as an ex-member of the party?
Do I cry easily?
Do I curse too much?
Do I dare disturb the universe?
Do I deserve a date?
Do I deserve a kiss?
Do I deserve this?
Do I detect a hint of sarcasm in your reply?
Do I detect a note of criticism?
Do I detect an attitude problem?
Do I detect sarcasm?
Do I embrace the person I am at this time?
Do I exist?
Do I fear being cast a curse by gaze?
Do I feel admiration for my current self?
Do I feel good about myself as I am now?
Do I feel good?
Do I feel ok?
Do I feel proud of who I am right now?
Do I frighten you?
Do I get a goodnight kiss?
Do I get a prize?
Do I get my kiss or not?
Do I get overtime?
Do I get paid for doing this?
Do I get to eat my dessert now?
Do I get to go home now?
Do I get to talk?
Do I have a choice?
Do I have a cold?
Do I have a fever?
Do I have a flu?
Do I have a knife?
Do I have a positive view of myself at this moment?
Do I have a thousand sentences yet?
Do I have a twin brother?
Do I have an anxiety disorder?
Do I have another appointment scheduled with Dr. Jackson?
Do I have any new notifications?
Do I have any other choice?
Do I have any other options?
Do I have bad breath?
Do I have cavities?
Do I have crabs?
Do I have financial problems?
Do I have it right?
Do I have other options?
Do I have permission?
Do I have sane ego?
Do I have syphilis?
Do I have talent?
Do I have the right to accompany you?
Do I have the right to refuse treatment?
Do I have time until tomorrow?
Do I have to I answer that?
Do I have to I hurry?
Do I have to answer all of the questions?
Do I have to answer all these questions?
Do I have to answer in English?
Do I have to answer in French?
Do I have to answer that question?
Do I have to answer that?
Do I have to attend the party tonight?
Do I have to be admitted to the hospital?
Do I have to be hospitalized?
Do I have to be there?
Do I have to bring my son to your office, Doctor?
Do I have to bring my son to your office?
Do I have to change buses in Boston?
Do I have to change my diet?
Do I have to change planes in Boston?
Do I have to change planes in London?
Do I have to change trains for Paris?
Do I have to change trains?
Do I have to change?
Do I have to check this luggage, or can it be carry-on?
Do I have to choose?
Do I have to clean the room?
Do I have to come home now?
Do I have to come on Monday?
Do I have to come with?
Do I have to come?
Do I have to continue?
Do I have to decide right now?
Do I have to dial the area code, too?
Do I have to die now?
Do I have to do anything more?
Do I have to do anything?
Do I have to do everything around here?
Do I have to do everything here?
Do I have to do everything myself?
Do I have to do it again?
Do I have to do it all over again?
Do I have to do it already?
Do I have to do it now?
Do I have to do it or not?
Do I have to do it over again?
Do I have to do it right away?
Do I have to do it right now?
Do I have to do that again tomorrow?
Do I have to do that by myself?
Do I have to do that now?
Do I have to do that over again?
Do I have to do that right away?
Do I have to do that right now?
Do I have to do that today?
Do I have to do that tomorrow?
Do I have to do that with Tom?
Do I have to do that, too?
Do I have to do that?
Do I have to do this now?
Do I have to do this?
Do I have to do what Tom says?
Do I have to drink this?
Do I have to eat this?
Do I have to eat with Tom?
Do I have to eat with her?
Do I have to eat with him?
Do I have to eat with them?
Do I have to eat with you?
Do I have to explain myself all the time?
Do I have to feel guilty?
Do I have to fill out this application form in French?
Do I have to fix up to go to their house?
Do I have to focus it?
Do I have to get a visa to visit Australia?
Do I have to give a gift when I'm invited to dinner?
Do I have to give him a reason?
Do I have to go back there?
Do I have to go now?
Do I have to go right now?
Do I have to go study?
Do I have to go there right away?
Do I have to go there?
Do I have to go to Australia?
Do I have to go to Boston?
Do I have to go to hospital?
Do I have to go to the hospital?
Do I have to go to the party?
Do I have to go with you?
Do I have to go, too?
Do I have to go?
Do I have to have a full denture?
Do I have to have permission to do that?
Do I have to help Tom?
Do I have to help them?
Do I have to help you?
Do I have to insert coins first?
Do I have to know him?
Do I have to leave a deposit?
Do I have to leave?
Do I have to make a speech?
Do I have to open everything?
Do I have to open the window?
Do I have to pay for everything now?
Do I have to pay for everything?
Do I have to pay for the petrol?
Do I have to pay in advance?
Do I have to pay the tax?
Do I have to pay you back?
Do I have to pay you?
Do I have to read these?
Do I have to read this?
Do I have to register?
Do I have to repeat the story for you?
Do I have to say everything twice?
Do I have to schedule an appointment to see you?
Do I have to sign something?
Do I have to speak in French?
Do I have to spell it out for you?
Do I have to spell this out for you?
Do I have to stand in line?
Do I have to stay at home today?
Do I have to stay here all day?
Do I have to stay here?
Do I have to stay home today?
Do I have to stay in hospital?
Do I have to stay in the hospital?
Do I have to stay?
Do I have to study?
Do I have to swim?
Do I have to take off my shoes here?
Do I have to take the exam?
Do I have to take the test?
Do I have to take this medicine?
Do I have to talk to Tom?
Do I have to talk to her?
Do I have to talk to him?
Do I have to talk to them?
Do I have to tell Tom?
Do I have to tell him?
Do I have to tell my employer why I am unable to work?
Do I have to tell the employer that I'm unable to work?
Do I have to tell you again?
Do I have to tell you everything?
Do I have to tell you how to do everything?
Do I have to think of everything?
Do I have to touch them?
Do I have to undress?
Do I have to use ink?
Do I have to wait long?
Do I have to wear a suit?
Do I have to wear a tie at work?
Do I have to wear a tie?
Do I have to wear these big goggles?
Do I have to wear this?
Do I have to write a letter?
Do I have to write in ink?
Do I have to write with ink?
Do I have two sisters? I have three sons.
Do I have you correct that you have a brother?
Do I have your attention?
Do I have your permission to do so?
Do I have your promise?
Do I have your word on that, Tom?
Do I hear a bit of jealousy?
Do I hear a note of trepidation in your voice?
Do I hear an echo in here?
Do I know Tom?
Do I know her?
Do I know him?
Do I know them?
Do I know this Yanni?
Do I know why eyes are on the front?
Do I know you from somewhere?
Do I know you?
Do I like interrogative inversions?
Do I like the person I see in the mirror today?
Do I like the way I look today?
Do I like who I am at this point in my life?
Do I look Algerian?
Do I look OK?
Do I look as bad as I feel?
Do I look as if I'm made of money?
Do I look as if I'm rich?
Do I look as if I'm wealthy?
Do I look beautiful in this dress?
Do I look busy to you?
Do I look busy?
Do I look cool?
Do I look dead to you?
Do I look desperate to you?
Do I look drunk?
Do I look fat in these jeans?
Do I look fat in these pants?
Do I look fat in this dress?
Do I look fat in this?
Do I look fat?
Do I look happy to you?
Do I look happy?
Do I look insane?
Do I look like I care?
Do I look like I have drugs on me?
Do I look like I have time?
Do I look like I'm busy?
Do I look like I'm happy?
Do I look like I'm having fun?
Do I look like I'm joking with you right now? You must be running away from me for your own safety before I hurt you very badly.
Do I look like I'm joking with you? I'm actually very serious.
Do I look like I'm joking?
Do I look like I'm kidding?
Do I look like Tom to you?
Do I look like Tom?
Do I look like a dancer?
Do I look like a doctor to you?
Do I look like a doctor?
Do I look like a farmer?
Do I look like a fool?
Do I look like a fucking cow to you?
Do I look like a guy who doesn't want to go jogging?
Do I look like a guy who wants to get married?
Do I look like a plumber?
Do I look like a policeman to you?
Do I look like a stripper?
Do I look like a sucker?
Do I look like a terrorist?
Do I look like a vegetarian to you?
Do I look like a woman?
Do I look like an actor?
Do I look like an actress?
Do I look like an idiot to you?
Do I look like an idiot?
Do I look like an invalid?
Do I look like her to you?
Do I look like her?
Do I look like him to you?
Do I look like him?
Do I look like that?
Do I look like your maid?
Do I look like your servant?
Do I look nervous?
Do I look nice?
Do I look normal?
Do I look okay?
Do I look old?
Do I look pale to you?
Do I look pale?
Do I look paranoid?
Do I look presentable?
Do I look pretty?
Do I look rich?
Do I look sleepy to you?
Do I look stupid?
Do I look that desperate?
Do I look that stupid?
Do I look thirty?
Do I look tired?
Do I look too fat to you? Well, that's subjective.
Do I look up to the person I am today?
Do I look wealthy?
Do I look willing?
Do I look worried?
Do I love the person I am becoming?
Do I make a lot of mistakes?
Do I make my point clear? Do you understand what I said?
Do I make myself clear, Tom?
Do I make myself clear, Yanni?
Do I make myself clear?
Do I need X-rays?
Do I need a French dictionary?
Do I need a GP referral for private treatment?
Do I need a back brace?
Do I need a bracelet?
Do I need a doctor's permission to take this medicine?
Do I need a lawyer?
Do I need a nurse?
Do I need a permit to do that?
Do I need a plane?
Do I need a reason?
Do I need a reservation?
Do I need a root canal?
Do I need a screwdriver?
Do I need a seat reservation?
Do I need a shot?
Do I need a special needle to start cross-stitching?
Do I need a stamp to send this letter?
Do I need a tetanus jab, my vaccine I mean, after an accident or injury?
Do I need a ticket?
Do I need a tie?
Do I need a visa for Australia?
Do I need a visa to visit Australia?
Do I need an Algerian flag?
Do I need an operation?
Do I need another reason?
Do I need any more crazy people?
Do I need braces?
Do I need dentures?
Do I need fire insurance if my house is made of concrete?
Do I need more dental work?
Do I need one?
Do I need permission?
Do I need some kind of medication?
Do I need some kind of permit?
Do I need stitches?
Do I need surgery?
Do I need the receipt?
Do I need the surgery?
Do I need this?
Do I need to add salt?
Do I need to admit myself to hospital?
Do I need to be at the meeting on Monday?
Do I need to be here tomorrow?
Do I need to be registered?
Do I need to book a seat?
Do I need to buy a ticket?
Do I need to call an ambulance?
Do I need to call security?
Do I need to change clothes?
Do I need to change for Paris?
Do I need to change my diet after gallbladder surgery?
Do I need to change my diet?
Do I need to change trains for Paris?
Do I need to come back here tomorrow?
Do I need to disinfect the countertop?
Do I need to do anything with that?
Do I need to do it again?
Do I need to do that again?
Do I need to do that now?
Do I need to do that over again?
Do I need to do that right now?
Do I need to do that?
Do I need to dress up?
Do I need to explain it to you again?
Do I need to explain the reason to him?
Do I need to explain this to Tom?
Do I need to explain?
Do I need to fill in this form now?
Do I need to fill this form in now?
Do I need to get permission to do that?
Do I need to get the manager?
Do I need to give examples?
Do I need to go now?
Do I need to go on?
Do I need to go right away?
Do I need to go right now?
Do I need to go there?
Do I need to go to Australia?
Do I need to go to Boston?
Do I need to go to hospital?
Do I need to go to the dentist's?
Do I need to hurry?
Do I need to justify myself all the time?
Do I need to keep this in the refrigerator?
Do I need to lay the table?
Do I need to leave immediately?
Do I need to make a speech?
Do I need to make an appointment?
Do I need to meet with Tom alone?
Do I need to pay in advance?
Do I need to put a coin in first?
Do I need to put on a sweater?
Do I need to put this in the refrigerator?
Do I need to reconfirm?
Do I need to remind you what Tom did last time?
Do I need to report to you about everything?
Do I need to return?
Do I need to say more?
Do I need to set the table?
Do I need to sign anything?
Do I need to sign something?
Do I need to spell it out?
Do I need to stay?
Do I need to transfer?
Do I need to wash these vegetables?
Do I need to wear a helmet when driving a car?
Do I need to wear a tie?
Do I need to worry about it?
Do I need to worry about that?
Do I need to?
Do I need vitamin supplements?
Do I need you?
Do I not destroy my enemies when I make them my friends?
Do I or don't I want the extra responsibility of maintaining a beard?
Do I owe you anything?
Do I owe you money?
Do I owe you something?
Do I pay now or later?
Do I pay the salesgirl?
Do I pay you or the cashier?
Do I please you?
Do I pull the red wire or the blue one?
Do I really have an accent?
Do I really have to answer that?
Do I really have to be here with Tom?
Do I really have to buy that?
Do I really have to do that?
Do I really have to do this?
Do I really have to drink that?
Do I really have to eat this?
Do I really have to give a speech?
Do I really have to go alone?
Do I really have to go to Australia with Tom?
Do I really have to go to Boston with Tom?
Do I really have to go to bed?
Do I really have to go?
Do I really have to leave?
Do I really have to review the vocab?
Do I really have to say it?
Do I really have to stay here with Tom?
Do I really have to stay with Tom?
Do I really have to wear a Kabyle dress?
Do I really have to wear these big goggles?
Do I really have to wear this?
Do I really look so old?
Do I really look so sad?
Do I really look the same as usual?
Do I really need anything?
Do I really need this?
Do I really need to be at the meeting this afternoon?
Do I really need to be here?
Do I really need to do it now?
Do I really need to do that for you?
Do I really need to do that?
Do I really need to say it?
Do I really need to say more about Tom?
Do I really need to stay here with Tom?
Do I really need to tell you again?
Do I really need to write it explicitly?
Do I really remind you of Tom?
Do I really remind you of her?
Do I really remind you of him?
Do I really seem so sad?
Do I really seem that different?
Do I remind you of the one of the guys you left behind?
Do I scare you?
Do I see qualities in myself that I admire?
Do I seem fragile to you?
Do I seem old to you?
Do I seem rich in appearance?
Do I seem rich?
Do I seem untrustworthy?
Do I seem very old to you, Tom?
Do I smell bacon?
Do I smell cookies?
Do I smell funny?
Do I smell?
Do I snore a lot when I sleep?
Do I snore a lot?
Do I snore?
Do I sound in love?
Do I sound like I'm in love?
Do I sound like an idiot if I talk like this?
Do I sound rude?
Do I sound that pessimistic?
Do I still get paid?
Do I still have time left?
Do I still look the same?
Do I stink?
Do I stop unlocking the door?
Do I suffer now?
Do I swear too much?
Do I take choice among these?
Do I take the next exit?
Do I take the second street on the left?
Do I talk too much?
Do I tell you how to do your job?
Do I turn left at the first stoplight?
Do I turn there?
Do I turn you on?
Do I understand this correctly?
Do I usually seem happy?
Do I wanna know?
Do I want to be able to continue working as a teacher?
Do I want to take that shiny new car off your hands? You betcha!
Do I write good articles?
Do Japanese children really paint the sun red?
Do Japanese eat a lot of fish?
Do Japanese eat sushi every day?
Do Japanese people eat sushi every day?
Do Koreans have a plan for reunifying their country?
Do Martians speak English?
Do Muslim women have to wear the hijab?
Do Muslims believe in Jesus?
Do Muslims believe in Moses?
Do Muslims have a holy book?
Do Native Americans still speak in their languages when they meet in festivals?
Do Palestinian children enjoy a normal life in occupied territories?
Do Palestinians have the right to a country?
Do Palestinians have the right to freely move around their own country?
Do Palestinians have the right to go to their own fields to cultivate them?
Do Palestinians have the right to have rights?
Do Palestinians have the right to lead their herds to pasture on their own land?
Do Palestinians have the right to live in their own houses?
Do Palestinians have the right to resist genocide?
Do Peking ducks live in Austria?
Do Scots have their own language?
Do Skura and Nuja speak Berber?
Do Tatoeba contributors sleep?
Do Tom a favour and he will reward you with hell.
Do Tom and I have to be here tomorrow?
Do Tom and I have to be here?
Do Tom and I have to be there?
Do Tom and I have to do that again?
Do Tom and I have to do that today?
Do Tom and I have to do that, too?
Do Tom and I have to do that?
Do Tom and I have to go anywhere else?
Do Tom and I have to leave today?
Do Tom and I have to pay for everything?
Do Tom and I have to stay in Australia all week?
Do Tom and I have to stay in Boston all week?
Do Tom and I have to study French?
Do Tom and I need to be here tomorrow?
Do Tom and I need to come back here tomorrow?
Do Tom and I need to do that again?
Do Tom and I need to do that every day?
Do Tom and I need to do that?
Do Tom and I need to stay in Australia, too?
Do Tom and I need to stay in Boston, too?
Do Tom and I really have to do that?
Do Tom and I really need to be here?
Do Tom and I really need to buy tickets?
Do Tom and I really need to do that?
Do Tom and I really need to help you?
Do Tom and I really need to leave?
Do Tom and I still have to do that?
Do Tom and I still need to do that right now?
Do Tom and I still need to do that?
Do Tom and John both have beards?
Do Tom and John have beards?
Do Tom and John still have beards?
Do Tom and John still have girlfriends?
Do Tom and John usually wear ties to work?
Do Tom and Mary actually speak French?
Do Tom and Mary already have jobs?
Do Tom and Mary already know about this?
Do Tom and Mary already know?
Do Tom and Mary always behave like that?
Do Tom and Mary always buy you everything you want?
Do Tom and Mary always do that by themselves?
Do Tom and Mary always do that?
Do Tom and Mary always do what you ask them to do?
Do Tom and Mary always eat lunch at the same time every day?
Do Tom and Mary always eat lunch at the same time?
Do Tom and Mary always leave for work at the same time every morning?
Do Tom and Mary always pay attention in class?
Do Tom and Mary always sneeze this much in the spring?
Do Tom and Mary always speak French to you?
Do Tom and Mary always win?
Do Tom and Mary attend mass?
Do Tom and Mary believe in God?
Do Tom and Mary believe in magic?
Do Tom and Mary believe in miracles?
Do Tom and Mary believe me?
Do Tom and Mary believe that?
Do Tom and Mary both do that?
Do Tom and Mary both eat meat?
Do Tom and Mary both have to do that?
Do Tom and Mary both like to do that?
Do Tom and Mary both live in Australia?
Do Tom and Mary both live in Boston?
Do Tom and Mary both play the saxophone?
Do Tom and Mary both snore?
Do Tom and Mary both speak French?
Do Tom and Mary both still enjoy doing that?
Do Tom and Mary both still like doing that?
Do Tom and Mary both still live in Australia?
Do Tom and Mary both still live in Boston?
Do Tom and Mary both understand French?
Do Tom and Mary both want to do that?
Do Tom and Mary both work here?
Do Tom and Mary buy you nice things?
Do Tom and Mary come to Boston often?
Do Tom and Mary complain about back pain often?
Do Tom and Mary cry a lot?
Do Tom and Mary do anything?
Do Tom and Mary do that a lot?
Do Tom and Mary do that every day?
Do Tom and Mary do that?
Do Tom and Mary drink coffee?
Do Tom and Mary drink tea?
Do Tom and Mary dye their hair?
Do Tom and Mary earn enough money to live in the city?
Do Tom and Mary eat beef?
Do Tom and Mary eat eggs?
Do Tom and Mary eat fish?
Do Tom and Mary eat grapes?
Do Tom and Mary enjoy it?
Do Tom and Mary enjoy watching horror movies?
Do Tom and Mary ever call you?
Do Tom and Mary ever forget anything?
Do Tom and Mary ever get mad at you?
Do Tom and Mary ever help you with your homework?
Do Tom and Mary ever smile?
Do Tom and Mary ever tell you what to do?
Do Tom and Mary ever wear short pants?
Do Tom and Mary ever write letters in French?
Do Tom and Mary feel the same way about that as you do?
Do Tom and Mary follow soccer?
Do Tom and Mary get along with each other?
Do Tom and Mary get along?
Do Tom and Mary get into the city very often?
Do Tom and Mary get many visitors?
Do Tom and Mary get paid to do that?
Do Tom and Mary go out often?
Do Tom and Mary go to Boston often?
Do Tom and Mary go to church every Sunday?
Do Tom and Mary go to church?
Do Tom and Mary go to school?
Do Tom and Mary go to the same school as you?
Do Tom and Mary go to the same school?
Do Tom and Mary have a big family?
Do Tom and Mary have a boat?
Do Tom and Mary have a car?
Do Tom and Mary have a cat?
Do Tom and Mary have a chance?
Do Tom and Mary have a choice?
Do Tom and Mary have a computer?
Do Tom and Mary have a future here?
Do Tom and Mary have a lot of friends?
Do Tom and Mary have a problem with that?
Do Tom and Mary have a secret?
Do Tom and Mary have a son?
Do Tom and Mary have a summer house?
Do Tom and Mary have a younger brother?
Do Tom and Mary have alibis?
Do Tom and Mary have an air conditioner?
Do Tom and Mary have an appointment?
Do Tom and Mary have an older brother?
Do Tom and Mary have any allergies?
Do Tom and Mary have any brothers or sisters?
Do Tom and Mary have any brothers?
Do Tom and Mary have any children?
Do Tom and Mary have any experience?
Do Tom and Mary have any medical problems?
Do Tom and Mary have any pets?
Do Tom and Mary have any sons?
Do Tom and Mary have anything else to offer?
Do Tom and Mary have anything left?
Do Tom and Mary have anything?
Do Tom and Mary have appointments?
Do Tom and Mary have attorneys?
Do Tom and Mary have bicycles?
Do Tom and Mary have big feet?
Do Tom and Mary have big noses?
Do Tom and Mary have blue eyes?
Do Tom and Mary have children?
Do Tom and Mary have civil service jobs?
Do Tom and Mary have criminal records?
Do Tom and Mary have dictionaries?
Do Tom and Mary have everything they need?
Do Tom and Mary have experience?
Do Tom and Mary have fire insurance?
Do Tom and Mary have fishing licenses?
Do Tom and Mary have gray hair?
Do Tom and Mary have green eyes?
Do Tom and Mary have health insurance?
Do Tom and Mary have hunting licenses?
Do Tom and Mary have insurance?
Do Tom and Mary have it?
Do Tom and Mary have jobs?
Do Tom and Mary have kids?
Do Tom and Mary have learning disabilities?
Do Tom and Mary have licenses?
Do Tom and Mary have long hair?
Do Tom and Mary have lots of friends?
Do Tom and Mary have many friends?
Do Tom and Mary have mental problems?
Do Tom and Mary have one?
Do Tom and Mary have passports?
Do Tom and Mary have plans?
Do Tom and Mary have ponytails?
Do Tom and Mary have tattoos?
Do Tom and Mary have the ability to do that?
Do Tom and Mary have the authority to do that?
Do Tom and Mary have the same opinion?
Do Tom and Mary have the skill to do that?
Do Tom and Mary have to be doing that now?
Do Tom and Mary have to be here tomorrow?
Do Tom and Mary have to be here?
Do Tom and Mary have to be there?
Do Tom and Mary have to do more?
Do Tom and Mary have to do that again?
Do Tom and Mary have to do that every day?
Do Tom and Mary have to do that today?
Do Tom and Mary have to do that, too?
Do Tom and Mary have to do that?
Do Tom and Mary have to do this?
Do Tom and Mary have to go anywhere else?
Do Tom and Mary have to help?
Do Tom and Mary have to leave today?
Do Tom and Mary have to pay for everything?
Do Tom and Mary have to stay home today?
Do Tom and Mary have to stay in Boston all week?
Do Tom and Mary have to study French?
Do Tom and Mary have to walk to school every day?
Do Tom and Mary have to work on Saturdays?
Do Tom and Mary have what it takes?
Do Tom and Mary help each other?
Do Tom and Mary help you wash windows?
Do Tom and Mary intend to help us?
Do Tom and Mary know French?
Do Tom and Mary know I can't do that?
Do Tom and Mary know I can't speak French?
Do Tom and Mary know I can't swim?
Do Tom and Mary know I don't want them to do that?
Do Tom and Mary know I don't want to do that?
Do Tom and Mary know I want them to do that?
Do Tom and Mary know I'm here?
Do Tom and Mary know about each other?
Do Tom and Mary know about it?
Do Tom and Mary know about this report?
Do Tom and Mary know about this?
Do Tom and Mary know about what happened?
Do Tom and Mary know all this?
Do Tom and Mary know any of this?
Do Tom and Mary know anything about it?
Do Tom and Mary know anything about that?
Do Tom and Mary know anything?
Do Tom and Mary know each other?
Do Tom and Mary know how much you paid for that?
Do Tom and Mary know how much you paid for this?
Do Tom and Mary know how to dance?
Do Tom and Mary know how to do that?
Do Tom and Mary know how to play the piano?
Do Tom and Mary know how to ride a horse?
Do Tom and Mary know how to speak French?
Do Tom and Mary know how you feel about this?
Do Tom and Mary know my name?
Do Tom and Mary know that I'm here?
Do Tom and Mary know that you can speak French?
Do Tom and Mary know that you can't speak French?
Do Tom and Mary know that you don't know how to speak French?
Do Tom and Mary know that you don't like them?
Do Tom and Mary know that you know?
Do Tom and Mary know that you love them?
Do Tom and Mary know that you want to go to Boston with them?
Do Tom and Mary know that you wish they'd leave?
Do Tom and Mary know that you'd like to go to Boston with them?
Do Tom and Mary know that you're doing this?
Do Tom and Mary know that you're going out?
Do Tom and Mary know that you're going to Boston?
Do Tom and Mary know that you're going to be in Boston next October?
Do Tom and Mary know that you're going to do that?
Do Tom and Mary know that you're here?
Do Tom and Mary know that you're not going to be at today's meeting?
Do Tom and Mary know that you're not going to do that?
Do Tom and Mary know that you've done that?
Do Tom and Mary know that?
Do Tom and Mary know they were adopted?
Do Tom and Mary know this?
Do Tom and Mary know we can't do that without their help?
Do Tom and Mary know we can't do that?
Do Tom and Mary know we can't speak French?
Do Tom and Mary know we can't take care of ourselves?
Do Tom and Mary know we don't eat meat?
Do Tom and Mary know we don't want them to do that?
Do Tom and Mary know we don't want to do that?
Do Tom and Mary know we never do that?
Do Tom and Mary know we want them to do that?
Do Tom and Mary know we want them to go with us?
Do Tom and Mary know we're here?
Do Tom and Mary know we've never done this before?
Do Tom and Mary know what happened?
Do Tom and Mary know what the problem is?
Do Tom and Mary know what they're doing?
Do Tom and Mary know what they're going to do next year?
Do Tom and Mary know what to do with this?
Do Tom and Mary know what to do?
Do Tom and Mary know what you did?
Do Tom and Mary know what you do every afternoon?
Do Tom and Mary know what you do?
Do Tom and Mary know what you expect them to do?
Do Tom and Mary know what you're doing here?
Do Tom and Mary know what you're doing?
Do Tom and Mary know what you're going to do next year?
Do Tom and Mary know what you've done?
Do Tom and Mary know what your expectations are?
Do Tom and Mary know what your opinion is?
Do Tom and Mary know what's happening?
Do Tom and Mary know where I am?
Do Tom and Mary know where the others are?
Do Tom and Mary know where you bought that?
Do Tom and Mary know where you got that?
Do Tom and Mary know where you live?
Do Tom and Mary know where you used to live?
Do Tom and Mary know where you were born?
Do Tom and Mary know who I am?
Do Tom and Mary know who gave you that necklace?
Do Tom and Mary know who you got that necklace from?
Do Tom and Mary know why John didn't eat the ham sandwich they made for him?
Do Tom and Mary know why John didn't invite them to his party?
Do Tom and Mary know why you did that?
Do Tom and Mary know why you didn't do that?
Do Tom and Mary know why you didn't win?
Do Tom and Mary know why you don't like them?
Do Tom and Mary know why you left early?
Do Tom and Mary know why you're doing this?
Do Tom and Mary know why you're here?
Do Tom and Mary know why?
Do Tom and Mary know yet?
Do Tom and Mary know you can't do that?
Do Tom and Mary know you can't eat nuts?
Do Tom and Mary know you can't speak French?
Do Tom and Mary know you can't swim?
Do Tom and Mary know you don't like them?
Do Tom and Mary know you know?
Do Tom and Mary know you want to go to Boston with them?
Do Tom and Mary know you were born in Boston?
Do Tom and Mary know you wish they'd leave?
Do Tom and Mary know you work here?
Do Tom and Mary know you'd like to go to Boston with them?
Do Tom and Mary know you're coming?
Do Tom and Mary know you're doing this?
Do Tom and Mary know you're going to do that?
Do Tom and Mary know you're here?
Do Tom and Mary know you've done that?
Do Tom and Mary know?
Do Tom and Mary leave early?
Do Tom and Mary like Boston?
Do Tom and Mary like Chinese food?
Do Tom and Mary like French?
Do Tom and Mary like Indian food?
Do Tom and Mary like cats?
Do Tom and Mary like classical music?
Do Tom and Mary like each other?
Do Tom and Mary like it there?
Do Tom and Mary like jazz?
Do Tom and Mary like school?
Do Tom and Mary like swimming?
Do Tom and Mary like tea?
Do Tom and Mary like the same kind of food?
Do Tom and Mary like the same kind of movies?
Do Tom and Mary like the same kind of music?
Do Tom and Mary like their jobs?
Do Tom and Mary like their new jobs?
Do Tom and Mary like this kind of music?
Do Tom and Mary like to do that same kinds of things?
Do Tom and Mary like to eat the same kind of food?
Do Tom and Mary like to listen to the same kind of music?
Do Tom and Mary like to read the same kind of books?
Do Tom and Mary like to swim?
Do Tom and Mary like to watch the same kind of movies?
Do Tom and Mary like tomatoes?
Do Tom and Mary like you?
Do Tom and Mary like your new haircut?
Do Tom and Mary live far from here?
Do Tom and Mary live far from where you live?
Do Tom and Mary live far from you?
Do Tom and Mary live here with you?
Do Tom and Mary live here?
Do Tom and Mary live in Boston?
Do Tom and Mary live in the same apartment building?
Do Tom and Mary live in the same neighborhood?
Do Tom and Mary live near here?
Do Tom and Mary live near you?
Do Tom and Mary look angry to you?
Do Tom and Mary look angry?
Do Tom and Mary look confused?
Do Tom and Mary look like they're busy?
Do Tom and Mary look like they're happy?
Do Tom and Mary look nervous to you?
Do Tom and Mary need a chaperone?
Do Tom and Mary need a doctor?
Do Tom and Mary need a place to stay?
Do Tom and Mary need a ride home?
Do Tom and Mary need anything else?
Do Tom and Mary need help?
Do Tom and Mary need me?
Do Tom and Mary need to be doing that now?
Do Tom and Mary need to be doing that?
Do Tom and Mary need to be here tomorrow?
Do Tom and Mary need to come back here tomorrow?
Do Tom and Mary need to do more?
Do Tom and Mary need to do that again?
Do Tom and Mary need to do that every day?
Do Tom and Mary need to do that?
Do Tom and Mary need to go anywhere else?
Do Tom and Mary need to leave today?
Do Tom and Mary need to stay home today?
Do Tom and Mary need to stay in Boston, too?
Do Tom and Mary not get along?
Do Tom and Mary not understand what's going on?
Do Tom and Mary not understand what's happening?
Do Tom and Mary often borrow your car?
Do Tom and Mary often come here?
Do Tom and Mary often eat dinner at your house?
Do Tom and Mary often eat lunch at your house?
Do Tom and Mary often go on business trips?
Do Tom and Mary often hang out with each other?
Do Tom and Mary own any other property?
Do Tom and Mary plan to help us?
Do Tom and Mary play tennis very often?
Do Tom and Mary play tennis well?
Do Tom and Mary play tennis?
Do Tom and Mary play the guitar?
Do Tom and Mary put sugar in their tea?
Do Tom and Mary read the same kind of books?
Do Tom and Mary really believe that?
Do Tom and Mary really belong here?
Do Tom and Mary really care what happens?
Do Tom and Mary really deserve to be punished?
Do Tom and Mary really do that?
Do Tom and Mary really expect me to believe that?
Do Tom and Mary really hate doing that?
Do Tom and Mary really have one of those?
Do Tom and Mary really have to do that?
Do Tom and Mary really like opera?
Do Tom and Mary really need help?
Do Tom and Mary really need to do that?
Do Tom and Mary really need your help?
Do Tom and Mary really sing those kinds of songs?
Do Tom and Mary really think John enjoys eating with them?
Do Tom and Mary really think John is younger than they are?
Do Tom and Mary really think anyone is listening?
Do Tom and Mary really think people still do that?
Do Tom and Mary really think that'll happen?
Do Tom and Mary really think they can convince John to do that?
Do Tom and Mary really think they can convince John to help them?
Do Tom and Mary really think they can do that by themselves?
Do Tom and Mary really think they can do that without any help?
Do Tom and Mary really think they can do that?
Do Tom and Mary really think they can take care of themselves?
Do Tom and Mary really think they're the only one here who can speak French?
Do Tom and Mary really think we're that gullible?
Do Tom and Mary really think we're that stupid?
Do Tom and Mary really understand what's going on?
Do Tom and Mary really understand what's going to happen?
Do Tom and Mary really understand what's happening?
Do Tom and Mary really walk to work every morning?
Do Tom and Mary really want another dog?
Do Tom and Mary really want me to do this?
Do Tom and Mary really want me to leave?
Do Tom and Mary really want this?
Do Tom and Mary really want to be left alone?
Do Tom and Mary really want to be on the team?
Do Tom and Mary really want to do that?
Do Tom and Mary really want to go?
Do Tom and Mary really want to know?
Do Tom and Mary really want us to do that?
Do Tom and Mary regret not doing that earlier?
Do Tom and Mary regret what happened?
Do Tom and Mary remember anything?
Do Tom and Mary run every day?
Do Tom and Mary scare you?
Do Tom and Mary seem helpless?
Do Tom and Mary seem insane to you?
Do Tom and Mary seriously think that's going to happen?
Do Tom and Mary shower every day?
Do Tom and Mary sing well?
Do Tom and Mary sing?
Do Tom and Mary sometimes fall asleep in class?
Do Tom and Mary sometimes go to Boston?
Do Tom and Mary speak French fluently?
Do Tom and Mary speak French well?
Do Tom and Mary speak French?
Do Tom and Mary stay with you when they're in Boston?
Do Tom and Mary still always speak French to you?
Do Tom and Mary still always win?
Do Tom and Mary still believe in magic?
Do Tom and Mary still buy you nice things?
Do Tom and Mary still come to Boston every Christmas?
Do Tom and Mary still cry a lot?
Do Tom and Mary still do that a lot?
Do Tom and Mary still do that as often as they used to?
Do Tom and Mary still do that every day?
Do Tom and Mary still do that the same way?
Do Tom and Mary still do that?
Do Tom and Mary still do the same kind of stuff they used to do?
Do Tom and Mary still do the same things they used to do?
Do Tom and Mary still drink coffee?
Do Tom and Mary still drive a station wagon?
Do Tom and Mary still drive station wagons?
Do Tom and Mary still eat meat?
Do Tom and Mary still enjoy it?
Do Tom and Mary still enjoy watching horror movies?
Do Tom and Mary still feel that way?
Do Tom and Mary still get along with their coworkers?
Do Tom and Mary still get paid to do that?
Do Tom and Mary still go bowling as often as they used to?
Do Tom and Mary still go mountain climbing together?
Do Tom and Mary still go swimming together?
Do Tom and Mary still go to Boston every summer?
Do Tom and Mary still go to church every Sunday?
Do Tom and Mary still go to church?
Do Tom and Mary still go to school?
Do Tom and Mary still go to the same school as John?
Do Tom and Mary still go to the same school as you?
Do Tom and Mary still hate each other?
Do Tom and Mary still have a boat?
Do Tom and Mary still have a car?
Do Tom and Mary still have a cat?
Do Tom and Mary still have a key to your apartment?
Do Tom and Mary still have a sense of humor?
Do Tom and Mary still have a summer house?
Do Tom and Mary still have bicycles?
Do Tom and Mary still have fevers?
Do Tom and Mary still have it?
Do Tom and Mary still have jobs?
Do Tom and Mary still have keys to your apartment?
Do Tom and Mary still have keys?
Do Tom and Mary still have long hair?
Do Tom and Mary still have one of those?
Do Tom and Mary still have one?
Do Tom and Mary still have that red sports car they used to drive?
Do Tom and Mary still have to do that?
Do Tom and Mary still help John?
Do Tom and Mary still like Boston?
Do Tom and Mary still like Chinese food?
Do Tom and Mary still like Indian food?
Do Tom and Mary still like cats?
Do Tom and Mary still like cheeseburgers?
Do Tom and Mary still like it there?
Do Tom and Mary still like jazz?
Do Tom and Mary still like school?
Do Tom and Mary still like tomatoes?
Do Tom and Mary still live here with you?
Do Tom and Mary still live here?
Do Tom and Mary still live in Australia?
Do Tom and Mary still live in Boston?
Do Tom and Mary still live in the same house?
Do Tom and Mary still live in your neighborhood?
Do Tom and Mary still live on Park Street?
Do Tom and Mary still live where they used to?
Do Tom and Mary still live with you?
Do Tom and Mary still look angry?
Do Tom and Mary still look confused?
Do Tom and Mary still look like they're happy?
Do Tom and Mary still look nervous to you?
Do Tom and Mary still look upset?
Do Tom and Mary still love each other?
Do Tom and Mary still need a doctor?
Do Tom and Mary still need a place to stay?
Do Tom and Mary still need help?
Do Tom and Mary still need me?
Do Tom and Mary still need places to stay?
Do Tom and Mary still need to do that every day?
Do Tom and Mary still need to do that?
Do Tom and Mary still owe you money?
Do Tom and Mary still plan on doing that with John?
Do Tom and Mary still plan to do that with John?
Do Tom and Mary still plan to help us?
Do Tom and Mary still play golf?
Do Tom and Mary still play music together?
Do Tom and Mary still play tennis together?
Do Tom and Mary still play tennis?
Do Tom and Mary still put sugar in their tea?
Do Tom and Mary still really believe that?
Do Tom and Mary still really want to go?
Do Tom and Mary still sing?
Do Tom and Mary still sometimes fall asleep in class?
Do Tom and Mary still speak French better than John?
Do Tom and Mary still study French every day?
Do Tom and Mary still study French?
Do Tom and Mary still study after dinner?
Do Tom and Mary still swim every day?
Do Tom and Mary still talk to you in French?
Do Tom and Mary still teach French?
Do Tom and Mary still teach history?
Do Tom and Mary still tell you everything?
Do Tom and Mary still tell you what to do?
Do Tom and Mary still think John can do that?
Do Tom and Mary still think John did it?
Do Tom and Mary still think John enjoys doing that?
Do Tom and Mary still think John is a good driver?
Do Tom and Mary still think John lied?
Do Tom and Mary still think that I should go talk to John?
Do Tom and Mary still think that's all they have to do?
Do Tom and Mary still think that's all they need to do?
Do Tom and Mary still think that's going to be easy?
Do Tom and Mary still think that's what we want to do?
Do Tom and Mary still think that's what we want?
Do Tom and Mary still think that's what you want?
Do Tom and Mary still think they can do it?
Do Tom and Mary still think they can do that?
Do Tom and Mary still think they don't have to do that?
Do Tom and Mary still think they don't need to do that?
Do Tom and Mary still think they'll be able to attend the meeting?
Do Tom and Mary still think they'll be able to do that by themselves?
Do Tom and Mary still think they'll be able to do that?
Do Tom and Mary still think they'll be in Boston all summer?
Do Tom and Mary still think they'll get into Harvard?
Do Tom and Mary still think they're the only ones here who can speak French?
Do Tom and Mary still think they're the only ones here who can't speak French?
Do Tom and Mary still want a car?
Do Tom and Mary still want cars?
Do Tom and Mary still want me to drive them to the airport?
Do Tom and Mary still want me to go with John?
Do Tom and Mary still want me to go with them?
Do Tom and Mary still want me to help John?
Do Tom and Mary still want me to help them?
Do Tom and Mary still want me to teach them French?
Do Tom and Mary still want this?
Do Tom and Mary still want to come?
Do Tom and Mary still want to do that with us?
Do Tom and Mary still want to do that, too?
Do Tom and Mary still want to do that?
Do Tom and Mary still want to eat with us?
Do Tom and Mary still want to go home with us?
Do Tom and Mary still want to go home?
Do Tom and Mary still want to go shopping with us this afternoon?
Do Tom and Mary still want to go swimming with us next weekend?
Do Tom and Mary still want to go to Boston?
Do Tom and Mary still want to go to the zoo with us?
Do Tom and Mary still want to go with us?
Do Tom and Mary still want to know how we did that?
Do Tom and Mary still want to leave today?
Do Tom and Mary still want to see me?
Do Tom and Mary still want to stay in Boston with us next summer?
Do Tom and Mary still want us to help John?
Do Tom and Mary still want us to help them?
Do Tom and Mary still wear glasses?
Do Tom and Mary still work at the post office?
Do Tom and Mary still work for John?
Do Tom and Mary still work here?
Do Tom and Mary still work in Boston?
Do Tom and Mary still work out?
Do Tom and Mary still work together?
Do Tom and Mary study French every day?
Do Tom and Mary study French?
Do Tom and Mary study after dinner?
Do Tom and Mary suspect anything?
Do Tom and Mary swim every day?
Do Tom and Mary swim often?
Do Tom and Mary talk about us?
Do Tom and Mary talk to you in French?
Do Tom and Mary teach French?
Do Tom and Mary teach at the same school?
Do Tom and Mary teach history?
Do Tom and Mary tell you everything?
Do Tom and Mary tell you what to do?
Do Tom and Mary think I'm unhappy?
Do Tom and Mary think it's funny?
Do Tom and Mary think it's safe to cross this bridge?
Do Tom and Mary think that's all they need to do?
Do Tom and Mary think that's going to be easy?
Do Tom and Mary think that's what we want to do?
Do Tom and Mary think that's what we want?
Do Tom and Mary think that's what you want?
Do Tom and Mary think they can do that?
Do Tom and Mary think they can take care of themselves?
Do Tom and Mary think they don't have to do that?
Do Tom and Mary think they don't need to do that?
Do Tom and Mary think they'll be able to attend the meeting?
Do Tom and Mary think they'll be able to do that by themselves?
Do Tom and Mary think they'll be able to do that?
Do Tom and Mary think they'll be here a long time?
Do Tom and Mary think they'll be in Boston all summer?
Do Tom and Mary think they'll stay in Boston long?
Do Tom and Mary think they'll stay long?
Do Tom and Mary think they're the only one here who can't speak French?
Do Tom and Mary think they've been treated badly?
Do Tom and Mary think we're really that gullible?
Do Tom and Mary understand French?
Do Tom and Mary understand the situation?
Do Tom and Mary understand what I'm saying?
Do Tom and Mary understand what's going on?
Do Tom and Mary understand?
Do Tom and Mary usually eat the same thing?
Do Tom and Mary usually put on sunscreen?
Do Tom and Mary usually study after dinner?
Do Tom and Mary usually write to you in French?
Do Tom and Mary want a car?
Do Tom and Mary want anything?
Do Tom and Mary want me to drive them to the airport?
Do Tom and Mary want me to go with them?
Do Tom and Mary want me to say something?
Do Tom and Mary want something to eat?
Do Tom and Mary want something?
Do Tom and Mary want the same thing?
Do Tom and Mary want this or not?
Do Tom and Mary want this?
Do Tom and Mary want to come in?
Do Tom and Mary want to come?
Do Tom and Mary want to do that now?
Do Tom and Mary want to do that today?
Do Tom and Mary want to do that with us?
Do Tom and Mary want to do that, too?
Do Tom and Mary want to do that?
Do Tom and Mary want to eat now?
Do Tom and Mary want to eat with us?
Do Tom and Mary want to go home with us?
Do Tom and Mary want to go home?
Do Tom and Mary want to go shopping with us this afternoon?
Do Tom and Mary want to go to Australia?
Do Tom and Mary want to go to the zoo with us?
Do Tom and Mary want to go with us?
Do Tom and Mary want to go, too?
Do Tom and Mary want to know how we did that?
Do Tom and Mary want to leave today?
Do Tom and Mary want to rest?
Do Tom and Mary want to see it?
Do Tom and Mary want to see me now?
Do Tom and Mary want to see me?
Do Tom and Mary want to stay in Boston with us next summer?
Do Tom and Mary wear boots?
Do Tom and Mary wear glasses?
Do Tom and Mary wear shoes indoors?
Do Tom and Mary wear wedding rings?
Do Tom and Mary wish to do that now?
Do Tom and Mary work at the same place?
Do Tom and Mary work here?
Do Tom and Mary work in Boston too?
Do Tom and Mary work in Boston?
Do Tom and Mary work in the same company?
Do Tom and Mary work out?
Do Tom and Mary work together?
Do Tom's children get enough to eat?
Do Tuaregs organize camel races?
Do Yanni and Skura speak Berber?
Do a bad person a favor and he'll hurt you; hurt him and he'll do you a favor.
Do a barrel roll.
Do a better job next time.
Do a bit of exercise!
Do a bit of exercise.
Do a composition exercise, please.
Do a little gymnastics!
Do a little research!
Do a little work! You'll lose some weight.
Do a little work! You’ll lose some weight.
Do a lot of people live in Brazil?
Do a lot of people live in your town?
Do a lot of tourists visit your hometown?
Do a lot of walking.
Do a simple experiment at home.
Do a validity check.
Do abbots mow hay? Abbots never mow hay. Abbots pray!
Do abbots mow hay? Never do abbots mow hay! Abbots pray.
Do actions define identity?
Do add lime, small amounts of wood ashes or crushed eggshells to the compost pile.
Do aliens dream of other worlds?
Do aliens exist?
Do all Asians have black hair?
Do all Australians understand French?
Do all Canadians know French?
Do all Canadians speak French?
Do all Canadians understand French?
Do all Japanese high school students wear uniforms?
Do all Slavic languages lack articles?
Do all birds fly?
Do all birds have beaks?
Do all birds have feathers?
Do all black cats have yellow eyes?
Do all dragons have wings?
Do all four of your grandparents speak French?
Do all frogs have webbed feet?
Do all nits become lice?
Do all of the members agree with you?
Do all of those things.
Do all of us have to be there?
Do all of us have to do that?
Do all of you believe that?
Do all of you feel exhausted?
Do all of you have nicknames?
Do all of you have tattoos?
Do all of you speak Chinese?
Do all of you speak French?
Do all of you think that this is a good idea?
Do all of you think this is a good idea?
Do all of your children still live with you?
Do all of your classmates always get to class on time?
Do all plants carry out photosynthesis?
Do all rabbits have long ears?
Do all squirrels have bushy tails?
Do all systems naturally evolve towards an equilibrium state?
Do all teachers have to do that?
Do all that is necessary.
Do all the exercises at the end of the chapter.
Do all the research you want.
Do all the rooms have air-conditioning?
Do all those people work for you?
Do all you can in order to answer.
Do all your children still live with you?
Do alligators lay eggs?
Do an advanced search for "I don't care".
Do animals eat it?
Do animals eat oranges?
Do animals have a conscience?
Do animals have a soul and do they go to heaven?
Do animals have a soul?
Do animals have souls?
Do another five and you'll have finished.
Do ants have ears?
Do ants spoil food like flies do?
Do ants sting, or do they bite?
Do any of the Japanese women you know smoke?
Do any of the members agree with you?
Do any of these interest you?
Do any of us exist?
Do any of you guys want anything else?
Do any of you have a car?
Do any of you have a pair of headphones with you?
Do any of you have a pencil?
Do any of you have anything to say in connection with this?
Do any of you know Tom?
Do any of you know her?
Do any of you know him?
Do any of you know how to swim?
Do any of you know them?
Do any of you know what to do in case of an emergency?
Do any of you know where Tom lives?
Do any of you know where he lives?
Do any of you know who is responsible for organizing the festival and the management of groups to play?
Do any of you need help?
Do any of you need medical assistance?
Do any of you not want to go swimming?
Do any of you speak French?
Do any of you walk to school?
Do any of you want a cookie?
Do any of you want a cup of coffee?
Do any of you want some help?
Do any of you want to volunteer?
Do any of your Canadian friends speak French?
Do any of your employees speak French?
Do any of your friends ever do that?
Do any of your friends have a truck?
Do any of your friends have motorcycles?
Do any of your friends have pets?
Do any of your friends or relatives work here?
Do any of your friends paint?
Do any of your friends play guitar?
Do any of your friends smoke?
Do anything Tom tells you to do.
Do anything you want.
Do apples grow on trees, or vines?
Do arrange your shoes in the entrance hall.
Do arrange your shoes in the genkan.
Do arrange your shoes in the porch way.
Do as I ask you or I won't answer for the result.
Do as I ask you or I won’t answer for the result.
Do as I ask.
Do as I asked.
Do as I say and stay here.
Do as I say but not as I do.
Do as I say, and no one will get hurt.
Do as I say, and not as I do.
Do as I say, don't do as I do.
Do as I say, not as I did.
Do as I say, not as I do!
Do as I say, not as I do.
Do as I say.
Do as I say; don't do what I do.
Do as I tell you.
Do as I told you to do.
Do as I told you.
Do as Tom asks.
Do as Tom says.
Do as Tom tells you.
Do as he says.
Do as he tells you.
Do as many questions as possible.
Do as she does.
Do as she says.
Do as the other newspapers do!
Do as you are told, and no answering back.
Do as you are told.
Do as you like.
Do as you please.
Do as you please. It makes no difference to me.
Do as you please. It's up to you.
Do as you see fit!
Do as you see fit.
Do as you think fit.
Do as you want.
Do as you were told to do.
Do as you wish, but choose wisely.
Do as you wish.
Do as you would be done by.
Do as you're asked.
Do as you're told and we'll get along fine.
Do as you're told and you and I will get along fine.
Do as you're told this minute!
Do as you're told to do.
Do as you're told.
Do as you've been told.
Do as your heart dictates.
Do as your mother says!
Do as your mother says.
Do as you’re told this minute!
Do as you’re told to do.
Do as you’re told, and no harm will come.
Do ask the old folks!
Do away with it.
Do baby Smurfs already have a hat?
Do back braces cause long-term harm?
Do be careful.
Do be kind to your children!
Do be quiet!
Do be quiet, please!
Do be quiet.
Do bears dream?
Do bears shit in the woods?
Do beavers beave?
Do berries grow in this forest?
Do birds fart?
Do birds have teeth?
Do birds human-watch?
Do birds watch us?
Do black holes exist?
Do black holes lead anywhere?
Do black holes lead to new universes?
Do blood oranges actually have blood inside?
Do both Tom and John have beards?
Do both Tom and Mary do that?
Do both Tom and Mary eat meat?
Do both Tom and Mary have a key to your apartment?
Do both Tom and Mary have to do that?
Do both Tom and Mary have your phone number?
Do both Tom and Mary like to do that?
Do both Tom and Mary live in Australia?
Do both Tom and Mary live in Boston?
Do both Tom and Mary live with you?
Do both Tom and Mary play the saxophone?
Do both Tom and Mary snore?
Do both Tom and Mary speak French?
Do both Tom and Mary still enjoy doing that?
Do both Tom and Mary still like doing that?
Do both Tom and Mary still live in Australia?
Do both Tom and Mary still live in Boston?
Do both Tom and Mary understand French?
Do both Tom and Mary understand that?
Do both Tom and Mary want to do that?
Do both Tom and Mary want to eat pizza?
Do both Tom and Mary work here?
Do both match?
Do both of my translations match?
Do both of these sentences really mean the same thing?
Do both of us have to be there tomorrow?
Do both of you do that?
Do both of you have the same opinion?
Do both of you know Tom?
Do both of you speak French?
Do both of you still do that?
Do both of you still live in Australia?
Do both of you still live in Boston?
Do both of you still work in Australia?
Do both of you still work in Boston?
Do both of you work in Australia?
Do both of you work in Boston?
Do both sentences match?
Do both sentences really mean the same thing?
Do both sentences really say the same thing?
Do breathing exercises.
Do brown eggs and white eggs taste the same?
Do buses go here?
Do business in Algeria.
Do cakes live in a cake city?
Do cakes live in squash?
Do candidates have to display fealty to the party's cultural catechism?
Do capybaras get along with dogs?
Do capybaras get along with stegosauruses?
Do cats daydream?
Do cats dream?
Do cats eat bats or do bats eat cats?
Do cats have daydreams?
Do cats meow?
Do cats really have nine lives?
Do cats see in the dark?
Do cats' claws have to be trimmed?
Do cats' claws need trimming?
Do cell phones give off radiation?
Do centipedes bite?
Do chairs exist?
Do cheer up, Marie!
Do chickens eat ticks?
Do chickens fly?
Do chickens have teeth?
Do chickens pee?
Do children have to work?
Do circuses still have freak shows?
Do clones have souls?
Do college students buy iPad or Macbook?
Do colleges give homework too?
Do come again.
Do come and see us again.
Do come and see us tomorrow.
Do come and see us when you are free.
Do come and visit us.
Do come by all means.
Do come if you can!
Do come if you can.
Do come in!
Do come in, please.
Do come in.
Do come to the party.
Do condoms always prevent HIV transmission?
Do consider my request carefully.
Do consider what I asked you last time.
Do crows use tools?
Do dead people watch us?
Do differently.
Do do something this evening.
Do dogs and cats really not get along?
Do dogs bark?
Do dogs dream?
Do dogs experience emotions like humans?
Do dogs like honey?
Do dolphins really sleep with one eye open?
Do domestic pigs have tusks?
Do dragons like to snuggle?
Do dreams have any meaning?
Do drugs.
Do ducks eat fish?
Do dung beetles carry tiny compasses?
Do dung beetles get lost?
Do earthquakes happen often in Australia?
Do eat without chatting.
Do eat without talking.
Do either of you know Tom?
Do either of you know a guy named Tom Jackson?
Do either of you know her?
Do either of you know him?
Do either of you know them?
Do either of you need anything?
Do either of you speak French?
Do either of your parents play a musical instrument?
Do elephants climb trees?
Do elephants eat meat?
Do elephants sneeze?
Do elephants wear shoes?
Do emotions control us?
Do enemies listen to their enemies?
Do everything Tom tells you to do.
Do everything according to the cookbook.
Do everything at a slow pace, control your breathing.
Do everything at your own risk.
Do everything with deliberation.
Do everything you can to be happy.
Do everything you can to help your brothers.
Do exactly as I say.
Do exactly as I tell you.
Do exactly what I tell you to do.
Do exactly what we tell you to do.
Do exactly what we tell you.
Do exactly what you did last time.
Do exactly what you did the last time.
Do extraterrestrials exist in the universe? I think so.
Do fertilizers contain phosphorus?
Do fish drink water?
Do fish have vocal cords?
Do fish sleep?
Do fools see God?
Do forty push-ups on an empty stomach.
Do fries go with that shake?
Do frogs have teeth?
Do geese see God?
Do get up, it's very late.
Do get up, it’s very late.
Do ghosts exist?
Do ghosts have shadows?
Do ghosts really exist?
Do girls also masturbate?
Do girls masturbate too?
Do gold stars exist?
Do good and cast it into the sea.
Do good and talk about it.
Do good and throw it in the sea.
Do good for a villain, he'll shit in your hand.
Do good for the sake of good.
Do good to my grandmother in the morning.
Do good to them that hate you.
Do good to them which hate you.
Do good to those that hate you.
Do good to those who hate you.
Do good wherever you can.
Do good work.
Do governments lie to us?
Do groundhogs really sleep a lot?
Do grounding exercises.
Do hares have a tail?
Do heaven and hell actually exist?
Do her ideas chime with yours?
Do her parents know she was selected for the program?
Do him a favour.
Do homework!
Do honourable people scare the others?
Do however you like.
Do hungry people tend to arrogance?
Do imams have days off?
Do in Rome as the Romans do.
Do insects experience pain in the same manners we do?
Do insects experience pain?
Do insects feel pain?
Do insects have a nervous system?
Do insects have brains?
Do introverts have shorter lives than extroverts?
Do introverts not live as long as extroverts?
Do investors trust Algeria?
Do it Monday.
Do it a second time!
Do it a second time.
Do it according to this.
Do it again!
Do it again, Tom.
Do it again, Yanni.
Do it again, just like before.
Do it again, the same as last time.
Do it again.
Do it already.
Do it any way you can.
Do it anyway.
Do it as fast as possible.
Do it as fast as you can.
Do it as quickly as possible.
Do it as quickly as you can.
Do it as soon as possible.
Do it as soon as you can.
Do it as you are told.
Do it at least for Tom.
Do it at once.
Do it at your own pace.
Do it before the end of this week.
Do it better this time.
Do it by all means.
Do it by the end of this week.
Do it by yourself.
Do it by yourselves.
Do it carefully, because Tom is going to watch you.
Do it carefully.
Do it carefully. I don't like botched jobs.
Do it comfortably.
Do it delicately.
Do it during daylight, it's preferable!
Do it for Tom and me.
Do it for Tom.
Do it for him.
Do it for me, please.
Do it for me.
Do it for my sake.
Do it for out friendship.
Do it for us.
Do it for yourself; not for someone else.
Do it gently.
Do it how you like.
Do it how you prefer.
Do it if you can.
Do it immediately.
Do it in a nice way.
Do it in a respectful way.
Do it in haste but with care.
Do it in this manner.
Do it incrementally. Don't try to get it all done at once.
Do it just like this.
Do it later!
Do it later.
Do it like he tells you.
Do it like this.
Do it now so that you won't forget.
Do it now!
Do it now, Tom.
Do it now, not later. There may not be another opportunity any time soon.
Do it now, so that you don't forget.
Do it now, so that you won't forget.
Do it now, so you don't forget it.
Do it now, so you don’t forget it.
Do it now.
Do it off camera.
Do it once again.
Do it or die!
Do it or you'll spend the rest of your life eating your meals through a straw.
Do it out of your own strength.
Do it over.
Do it properly.
Do it quick!
Do it quickly!
Do it quickly.
Do it quickly. We don't have much time.
Do it quietly.
Do it right away.
Do it right now!
Do it right now, before you forget.
Do it right now.
Do it right or don't do it at all.
Do it right.
Do it somewhere else.
Do it soon.
Do it step by step!
Do it tactfully.
Do it that same way I'm doing it.
Do it the best you can.
Do it the way I told you to.
Do it the way I'm doing it.
Do it the way Tom showed you.
Do it the way he tells you to.
Do it the way that you've been told to do it.
Do it the way you like.
Do it the way you've been told to do it.
Do it this afternoon.
Do it this way!
Do it this way.
Do it to the best of your abilities.
Do it today.
Do it today. Don't wait for tomorrow.
Do it together.
Do it tomorrow.
Do it well or don't do it.
Do it when you have time.
Do it when you return.
Do it whenever you want.
Do it wherever you want.
Do it while you can.
Do it while you stay.
Do it while you still can.
Do it with me.
Do it within the hour. Don't wait for the following hour. There may be other things to do the next hour.
Do it without delay.
Do it without forgetting.
Do it your own way if you don't like my way.
Do it your own way if you don’t like my way.
Do it your own way.
Do it your way!
Do it your way.
Do it yourself and do it right away.
Do it yourself and that at once.
Do it yourself by all means.
Do it yourself or hire somebody to do it for you.
Do it yourself or hire someone to do it for you.
Do it yourself!
Do it yourself.
Do it yourself; I'm not your servant.
Do it yourselves.
Do it!
Do it! I dare you!
Do it, Fadil.
Do it, Tom.
Do it, no matter how hard!
Do it, or I'll kill you.
Do it.
Do it. See what happens.
Do jellyfish have consciousness?
Do jellyfish stings kill you?
Do kangaroos have better hearing than humans?
Do keep practicing!
Do kids like you?
Do kingfishers eat fruits?
Do kiss to your heart's content.
Do like I said, OK?
Do like I tell you.
Do like Yanni.
Do like him.
Do like the coach does.
Do limit your requests of me!
Do limit your spoilt behaviour!
Do lions eat fish?
Do little things matter?
Do magpies really steal things from humans?
Do make older people the priority!
Do many Canadians live around here?
Do many Canadians live in this area?
Do many of you have summer vacation now?
Do many of your friends swim?
Do many people live in Brazil?
Do many people still wear watches?
Do me a favor and be quiet.
Do me a favor and close the door on your way out.
Do me a favor and just leave.
Do me a favor and leave.
Do me a favor and shut up.
Do me a favor and take these suitcases down to the basement.
Do me a favor and talk to Tom.
Do me a favor and talk to her.
Do me a favor and talk to him.
Do me a favor and talk to them.
Do me a favor and turn off the light.
Do me a favor by switching off that radio.
Do me a favor, Yanni. Don't talk about that again.
Do me a favor, keep an eye on them.
Do me a favor, will you?
Do me a favor.
Do me a favour and get dressed, we're going to be late!
Do me a favour and shut up!
Do me a favour and shut up.
Do me a favour and write this essay for me.
Do me a favour, please, will you?
Do me a favour.
Do me a favour; just stop being so fucking dumb for a minute.
Do me a solid, will you?
Do me the favor of coming.
Do me the favor of dressing up because we're going to get there late!
Do me the honour of keeping quiet.
Do meditation.
Do men and women think differently?
Do men cry?
Do men ever do this? I've only heard this word in relation to women.
Do mice have molars too?
Do minimum wage earners pay taxes?
Do mobile phones give off radiation?
Do more exercise, or you'll get too fat.
Do more exercise, or you’ll get too fat.
Do more of what makes you happy.
Do more teachers need to be hired?
Do more than you learn.
Do more, and fail less.
Do most Algerians want their country to be a secular state?
Do most of your friends have pets?
Do most students at your school live in dormitories?
Do most students at your school live in dorms?
Do most students here know how to speak French?
Do most students here speak French?
Do mothers still teach your language to your children?
Do much work, and talk little; everything else is craziness.
Do mushrooms grow in places like this?
Do mushrooms grow in this forest?
Do my English homework or not do my English homework and contribute to Tatoeba, that is the question.
Do my bangs look good like this?
Do my bidding!
Do my paintings inspire you?
Do my words trouble you? If so, that is enough for today.
Do native Japanese speakers think that English is hard to learn?
Do nice things living the way you want.
Do night dreams really have meanings relevant to our lives?
Do no harm to others.
Do no harm, but take no shit.
Do not I know my godson? have not I been enabled to read every thought in Van Baerle’s mind, and every sentiment in his heart? You ask whether he is strong or weak. He is neither the one nor the other; but that is not now the question. The principal point is, that he is sure not to divulge the secret, for the very good reason that he does not know it himself.
Do not abandon us, I entreat.
Do not abnegate your authority.
Do not accept gifts.
Do not accept the world as it is.
Do not accuse me of anything.
Do not accuse me of that.
Do not act as if you do not know it.
Do not act without thinking.
Do not add prickly pears to fresh figs! Otherwise, you will be sorry!
Do not agree.
Do not allow liquid or small particles to get into the console.
Do not always ride on someone's coat-tail.
Do not always ride on someone’s coat-tail.
Do not annoy me!
Do not answer a fool according to his folly, or you yourself will be just like him.
Do not answer hastily.
Do not answer the phone.
Do not answer them.
Do not antagonize Russia.
Do not argue with him.
Do not ask me for forgiveness.
Do not ask me, I do not know anything.
Do not ask them to do things beyond their capacity and if you do so, then help them.
Do not ask what life gives you, ask what you give.
Do not attack those who themselves cannot attack.
Do not attempt this at home.
Do not bad-mouth anyone.
Do not be a liar.
Do not be a scoundrel.
Do not be absurd.
Do not be afraid of the dog.
Do not be afraid to ask questions.
Do not be afraid to kill Edward; it is good.
Do not be afraid, everything will be fine!
Do not be afraid. Look after yourself.
Do not be angry with me.
Do not be ashamed of the blots. Whoever sees them will understand that they were made by my tears.
Do not be cheeky!
Do not be deceived.
Do not be evil.
Do not be harder on yourself.
Do not be hateful!
Do not be shy. Your pronunciation is more or less correct.
Do not be so critical.
Do not be so naive, Tom.
Do not be so resentful!
Do not be so rough!
Do not be so serious. It is just a game.
Do not be so unforgiving!
Do not be so vengeful!
Do not be so vindictive!
Do not be too bad, or you will be hated, nor too good, or you will be eaten.
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
Do not be unreasonable.
Do not beat around the bush; we have a problem, don't we?
Do not beat the drum. Beat the drummer.
Do not believe them.
Do not belittle his suggestions.
Do not bend or fold!
Do not bend your elbow.
Do not bite at the bait of pleasure till you know there is no hook beneath it.
Do not blackmail me.
Do not blame me, I do not have anything to do with that video.
Do not block any ventilation openings.
Do not bother to come to my home.
Do not bring politics into play.
Do not bully someone for their skin color.
Do not buy now; they will soon be slashing the prices.
Do not call him master.
Do not call me at work.
Do not call me at work. Ever!
Do not call me that!
Do not call the police.
Do not cast pearls before swine.
Do not censor me, I am free to express my opinions.
Do not change your mind, whatever happens.
Do not chastise your father.
Do not chew on both sides of the jaws at the same time.
Do not come back, OK?
Do not come between a husband and his wife.
Do not come here.
Do not come near us until we have forgiven you!! One day, you will regret what you did.
Do not complain about the conditions!
Do not complain of us, Daphnis; we take more interest in Chloe than you yourself do.
Do not complete that sentence.
Do not confide in a child; do not hide yourself with a dog.
Do not confuse a virus with a bacterium.
Do not confuse me like that!
Do not contribute to Tatoeba.
Do not copy-paste sentences from elsewhere, except if the content is CC-BY compatible.
Do not copy-paste sentences from elsewhere.
Do not correct a fool, or he will hate you. Correct a wise man and he will appreciate you.
Do not count on fateful opportunities.
Do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
Do not cover.
Do not criticize anybody!
Do not cross if there is high water.
Do not cross the road when the green man is flashing.
Do not dare move a foot from here until I return.
Do not defeat the safety purpose of the polarized or grounding-type plug.
Do not defend this racist and colonialist State.
Do not defy destiny.
Do not delete this example sentence.
Do not despair, all is not yet lost.
Do not despair.
Do not despise yourselves.
Do not deviate from the standard operating procedure.
Do not disobey the rules.
Do not disparage that man.
Do not distort what I've just said.
Do not disturb her.
Do not disturb my circles!
Do not disturb the soul with seditious truth; better a virtuous lie.
Do not disturb!
Do not disturb, I'm playing videogames.
Do not disturb, I'm studying languages!
Do not disturb.
Do not do anything naughty when I am not here.
Do not do evil, and evil will not dominate you. Turn away from the wicked, and they will turn away from you.
Do not do it reluctantly.
Do not do that.
Do not do this!
Do not do this.
Do not do to others that which angers you when they do it to you.
Do not do to others what you do not want for yourself.
Do not do unto others what you do not want others do unto you.
Do not draw hasty conclusions.
Do not dream your life but live your dream.
Do not drink a lot of wine!
Do not drink beer before going to bed.
Do not drink from the bottle please.
Do not drink on an empty stomach.
Do not drink so much!
Do not drink the water in the dirty glass!
Do not drink the water!
Do not drink this water.
Do not drink too much brandy!
Do not drink.
Do not drive at night at all.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, the past is no more. The future has not yet come. Life is here and now.
Do not eat anything before you go to bed.
Do not eat donuts!
Do not eat during class.
Do not eat fatty, salty, sugary food. Do not drive too fast, eat your five fruits and vegetables a day, do sports... and if you have time left, think about living, as simple as that.
Do not eat hastily.
Do not eat in class.
Do not eat in the classroom.
Do not eat pig.
Do not eat pig. It's poison.
Do not eat prickly pears together with fresh figs! Otherwise, you will be sorry!
Do not eat rice with bread.
Do not eat too much cake.
Do not eat your scabs!
Do not eat.
Do not engage in other work before completing your task.
Do not engage in this.
Do not enter here.
Do not enter the pool.
Do not enter!
Do not enter.
Do not even think about it.
Do not ever weep for a man because the only one who deserves your tears will never make you cry.
Do not expect charity from them.
Do not expect prosperity from them.
Do not expose the console or accessories to high temperatures, high humidity or direct sunlight (use in an environment where temperatures range from 5 °C to 35 °C or 41 °F to 95 °F).
Do not expose the console to dust, smoke or steam.
Do not expose to heat or direct sunlight.
Do not expose to temperatures above fifty centigrade.
Do not fail to come here by five.
Do not fail to come here by the appointed time.
Do not fancy yourselves to be special, for you are not so.
Do not fear me. I am afraid of many whom I find enviable, intimidating, or simply awkward to talk to. I don't want anyone to similarly fear me in any of those ways—over my time on these sites, I've encountered some people who were afraid of me, specifically or non-specifically. Let us dispel our mutual fears.
Do not fear men.
Do not fear that which is the final end of life: he who fears death eschews the joys of life.
Do not fear the devil!
Do not fear the heavens and the earth, but be afraid of hearing a person from Wenzhou speak in their local tongue.
Do not fear the unexpected, but be prepared for it.
Do not fear the unknown.
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
Do not fear, little Vasilissa. Go where thou hast been sent. While I am with thee no harm shall come to thee from the old witch.
Do not feed or attract marine wildlife.
Do not feed the animals.
Do not feed the ducks.
Do not feed the pigeons.
Do not feed the troll.
Do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.
Do not fell a tree that gives you shade.
Do not fidget, playing with your rings, brooch, or any little article that may be near you; let your hands rest in an easy, natural position, perfectly quiet.
Do not fish in this river. It is not allowed.
Do not flush the coins down the toilet.
Do not flush.
Do not fold or crumple this sheet.
Do not fold!
Do not fold.
Do not follow his advice!
Do not fool him.
Do not fool me.
Do not forget about us.
Do not forget that I am a man.
Do not forget that I was a thousand miles from any inhabited region.
Do not forget the accusative!
Do not forget the suitcase!
Do not forget to acknowledge sources precisely.
Do not forget to affix the stamp to the envelope.
Do not forget to attach your photo to the application form.
Do not forget to capitalize.
Do not forget to disconnect.
Do not forget to log off.
Do not forget to log out.
Do not forget to meet me at the station.
Do not forget to sign out.
Do not forget to take your umbrella when you leave here.
Do not forget to turn off all the lights before leaving.
Do not forget to turn the light off before you go to bed.
Do not forget to write the postcode.
Do not forget tomorrow he has to go pay his bill.
Do not forget who did you wrong, but remember who did you right.
Do not forget!
Do not forsake me, oh my darling.
Do not freak out.
Do not fuck!
Do not get in my way.
Do not get involved in this matter.
Do not get tired of studying.
Do not give in to those demands.
Do not give my daughter any more gifts. Do you understand me?
Do not give the children any cold milk!
Do not give the poor fish; teach them how to fish instead.
Do not give this man any more money!
Do not give up and keep writing.
Do not give up on yourself.
Do not give up so quickly. Some of the doors, which you think are closed, are just a little jammed.
Do not give up.
Do not give your enemies problems. Give them dilemmas.
Do not give your opinion.
Do not give your opponent open files or diagonals that lead to your King.
Do not go gentle into that good night, Old age should burn and rave at close of day; Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
Do not go near the beehive!
Do not go near them.
Do not go so fast!
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Do not gossip.
Do not grieve too much. Be strong.
Do not grieve, indeed Allah is with us.
Do not hand over more money than is necessary to a child.
Do not harass the new people!
Do not hesitate to approach me in case you need someone to look after your money.
Do not hesitate to ask me any kind of questions.
Do not hesitate to celebrate your defeat... as long as you're the winner's guest.
Do not hesitate to let us know if something is missing.
Do not hesitate to remind me if I do not answer you during the week.
Do not hesitate when the time comes.
Do not hold on to possessions you no longer need.
Do not idle away your youth or you will regret it later.
Do not ignore a police officer when he or she addresses you.
Do not in any case flee.
Do not install the apparatus near any heat sources such as radiators, heat registers, stoves, or other apparatus (including amplifiers) that produce heat.
Do not insult him.
Do not interfere with Tom while he is reading.
Do not interfere with the boarding and disembarking of passengers.
Do not interfere!
Do not interrupt me while I am speaking.
Do not interrupt me.
Do not interrupt us when we speak.
Do not interrupt when another is speaking.
Do not intervene in matters which do not concern you!
Do not joke!
Do not judge me.
Do not judge so that you will not be judged.
Do not judge the ungodly. Leave that to God himself.
Do not judge, or you too will be judged.
Do not judge.
Do not kill Edward; it is good to fear.
Do not kill.
Do not laugh at a dwarf, or you will turn into a dwarf yourself.
Do not laugh at the weak-minded and the disabled.
Do not laugh.
Do not lead me into sin!
Do not lean against nonmoving parts of the escalator.
Do not lean out of the window.
Do not leave Poland without notifying the embassy of the country you are travelling to.
Do not leave it outside!
Do not leave me! Don't go!
Do not leave our generation without hope.
Do not leave the console or accessories in a car with its windows closed (particularly in summer).
Do not leave the lights on when you leave the room.
Do not leave the vehicle until it has come to a full stop.
Do not leave valuable items in the vehicle.
Do not leave your baggage unattended at any time.
Do not let anybody fool you.
Do not let fear guide your decisions.
Do not let go of the rope till I tell you.
Do not let her use you and suck you dry.
Do not let him know the truth.
Do not let superstition impede you.
Do not let the dog jump on the coffee table!
Do not let yourself be guided by the feeling of love.
Do not let yourself down.
Do not let yourselves down.
Do not lie to Tom.
Do not lie to people.
Do not lie to them.
Do not lie to yourself.
Do not listen to that man, he is talking nonsense.
Do not listen to this man.
Do not live above your income.
Do not live in a healthier way than what is right for you.
Do not loathe yourself.
Do not look at me with such a suspicious eye!
Do not look back.
Do not look out of the window.
Do not look out the window.
Do not look too much to others for help.
Do not look upon the vessel but upon that which it contains.
Do not lose hope.
Do not lose weight suddenly, but gradually, as it is bad for your health.
Do not lose your mind.
Do not machine wash the bag.
Do not machines eat as it were by mannery?
Do not make a major problem out of a minor one.
Do not make a noise when you eat soup.
Do not make a scene here.
Do not make a scene in front of everyone.
Do not make any modifications before you get confirmations.
Do not make any sudden or violent movements.
Do not make fun of me!
Do not make fun of me, I am sincere.
Do not make fun of me.
Do not make noise, please.
Do not make your ideas and thoughts your prison.
Do not meddle in this.
Do not meddle where you are not called.
Do not meditate over war criminals. War is the crime.
Do not mention the accident before the children.
Do not mess with time.
Do not misconstrue what I say.
Do not mistake patience for forbearance.
Do not mistake sin with crime.
Do not mistake wine for grape juice.
Do not misunderstand my words.
Do not misunderstand this.
Do not mock me!
Do not mock the tiger.
Do not muzzle an ox while it is treading out the grain.
Do not obtrude upon her sorrow.
Do not open before the train stops.
Do not open the box yet.
Do not open the door before the train comes to a halt.
Do not open the door.
Do not open the present yet.
Do not open the window, or I will be cold.
Do not open those windows.
Do not open while the train is in motion.
Do not open your book.
Do not oversleep tomorrow morning.
Do not patronize me.
Do not pelt your dog with stones, so the neighbors will not imitate you.
Do not pet me that way, foolish human.
Do not pick your nose!
Do not place any rubber or vinyl materials on the product exterior for an extended period of time.
Do not place the console close to magnetic fields produced by magnets or loudspeakers.
Do not place the console or accessories in locations subject to sudden temperature change (for example, changes of 10 °C or 18 °F per hour or more).
Do not place the console or accessories on surfaces that are unstable, tilted or subject to vibration.
Do not place this in doubt.
Do not play anywhere on the street!
Do not play on the roadway; it is very dangerous. Never play on the roadway!
Do not play with rocks.
Do not play with the key.
Do not plow through the whole study alone!
Do not poke a bear with a stick. He may get angry.
Do not postpone until tomorrow what you can do today.
Do not pour hot water in the glass, as it may burst.
Do not pour oil on the fire.
Do not praise anyone before you hear him speak, for that is the touchstone of human beings.
Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one.
Do not pretend.
Do not prettify the violence!
Do not profit from the good heartedness of others.
Do not protect a criminal!
Do not provoke that wasp.
Do not prune roses in the fall.
Do not pull the trigger.
Do not punish the girl severely; go easy on her.
Do not punish those without crime.
Do not pursue the taste of good food.
Do not push that button.
Do not push this button.
Do not push your luck.
Do not put any objects on the console.
Do not put child into bag!
Do not put new wine into old bottles.
Do not put the baby in the sack!
Do not put the finger in the mouth because it is full of bacteria.
Do not put this wet towel into the bag.
Do not put your books on the table.
Do not put your nose in my business.
Do not question me.
Do not read books in such a dim room.
Do not read during the meal.
Do not read such a book.
Do not read the letter publicly.
Do not read while walking.
Do not regret what you have done.
Do not relay this information to Joana.
Do not rely on anyone, rely only on yourself.
Do not rely on him, he is not courageous.
Do not rely on him.
Do not rely on me.
Do not rely on the room clock for the accurate time of day.
Do not rely on them.
Do not remove this label.
Do not rent or sell this place, for it would be injudicious.
Do not resort to the sword but appeal to reason.
Do not reuse!
Do not reuse.
Do not ride bicycles on sidewalks.
Do not ride your moped on the cycle path.
Do not run after two hares at the same time.
Do not run in this room.
Do not run over the pedestrian!
Do not rush headlong into a new project without first understanding what is at stake and technique.
Do not rush!
Do not say "wait".
Do not say anything, please, about your consul.
Do not say it again, OK?
Do not say such foolish things.
Do not say the life has come to an end.
Do not scold anyone.
Do not search for people's weaknesses, but for their strengths.
Do not search for what you are worth in the eyes of people, but rather try to find it in your conscience is free your status is automatically elevated. If you truly know yourself, you would not be hurt by what others about you.
Do not seek pleasure for its own sake.
Do not send me more messages.
Do not serve children cold milk.
Do not set the console other than in the vertical or horizontal position.
Do not set yourself against anyone.
Do not shorten the morning by getting up late.
Do not show a torch to a blind man walking in the dark.
Do not show the snake the stick with which you want to hit them.
Do not sign a delivery receipt unless it accurately lists the goods received.
Do not sit here.
Do not sit on that chair!
Do not sit on the radiator.
Do not sit uncomfortably in a corner to read a book! Get a chair and come sit here.
Do not sleep there!
Do not smoke during the performance.
Do not smoke in public places.
Do not speak for others.
Do not speak so fast, please.
Do not speak to anybody.
Do not speak to anyone.
Do not speak to me that way!
Do not speak while eating.
Do not speak with me in anger!
Do not spit on the walls.
Do not spoil me!
Do not spread unfounded slander against anyone.
Do not sprinkle them with water.
Do not squander time, for that's the stuff life is made of.
Do not squander time. That's the stuff life is made of.
Do not stand at my grave and weep.
Do not start if afraid, once begun do not be afraid.
Do not stay away from English, even for a day.
Do not steal my example sentences.
Do not steal!
Do not steal, do not lie, do not be lazy.
Do not step on a dog's tail.
Do not stop me: I must go to seek my father!
Do not stop to collect personal belongings.
Do not swim far!
Do not swim in the toilet.
Do not symbolize your religion with the dog. It's no good.
Do not take African people as human guinea pigs.
Do not take a picture of me!
Do not take any notice of him.
Do not take my life!
Do not take this lightly.
Do not take your mind off work.
Do not talk about it anymore.
Do not talk during the test.
Do not talk nonsense!
Do not talk nonsense, My job is very boring!
Do not talk so much to the mechanics.
Do not talk to anybody.
Do not talk to anyone.
Do not talk to others during class!
Do not talk too much.
Do not talk while eating.
Do not talk with your mouth full.
Do not talk.
Do not tarry in the forest; there is danger there.
Do not teach the apple tree to bear apples. Rather drive the pigs away from it.
Do not tell anyone about it.
Do not tell anyone about this.
Do not tell anyone.
Do not tell me how to live my life!
Do not tell me what to do.
Do not tell me you feel sorry for me.
Do not tempt me.
Do not thank me.
Do not that to another, which thou wouldst not have done to thyself.
Do not they explain
Do not think about those kinds of things.
Do not think that love, in order to be genuine, has to be extraordinary. What we need is to love without getting tired.
Do not think too much.
Do not threaten me.
Do not throw anything out of the window.
Do not throw boulders into the river.
Do not throw or drop the console or accessories, or expose them to strong physical shock.
Do not throw the baby out with the bathwater.
Do not throw your pearls before pigs.
Do not tip if you are not satisfied with the service.
Do not touch infected animals with bare hands!
Do not touch or insert foreign objects into the connectors of the console or accessories.
Do not touch the console or AC adaptor for extended periods of time while the console is turned on as extended contact may cause low-temperature burns.
Do not touch the console or connected accessories during an electrical storm.
Do not touch the exhibits.
Do not touch the fruit!
Do not touch the plug of the AC power cord with wet hands.
Do not touch your eyes, nose or mouth.
Do not touch!
Do not translate the sentence word for word.
Do not translate this sentence at any cost!
Do not translate this sentence!
Do not trust anyone.
Do not trust cults!
Do not trust strangers.
Do not trust such men as praise you to your face.
Do not trust them.
Do not try to attract attention with these types of speeches.
Do not try to avoid responsibility.
Do not try to be friends with them.
Do not try to be overly patriotic.
Do not try to catch me!
Do not try to do something like that. It might come back and haunt you.
Do not try to imitate her.
Do not try to live for ever. You will not succeed.
Do not try to live forever. You will not succeed.
Do not try to run away, please, because the eyes of your enemies are watchful.
Do not turn off the system while the auto-save icon is on the screen.
Do not turn off the system while the game is auto-saving.
Do not turn off your computer.
Do not twist or bend!
Do not under any circumstances push that!
Do not underestimate my power.
Do not unfasten your seat belt on the airplane.
Do not use a power cord other than the supplied AC adaptor and AC power cord.
Do not use abrasive cleaning tools that can damage the cutting board's surface.
Do not use the hammer.
Do not use the product past its expiration date.
Do not use this product near a bathtub, sink, shower, swimming pool, or anywhere else where water or moisture are present.
Do not use this tap.
Do not use water to put out a grease fire.
Do not vary your plan so often.
Do not venture outside your homes.
Do not venture to come out of your homes.
Do not wait a second longer.
Do not wait a second more.
Do not wait for the perfect moment.
Do not wait until everyone says that you are ugly before realising that you really are ugly.
Do not wake him.
Do not walk on the grass.
Do not walk outside this area.
Do not walk.
Do not wander in speech!
Do not wash your dirty linen in public.
Do not watch TV.
Do not watch television.
Do not water the garden today.
Do not wear shoes in the mosque.
Do not weep, child. I am only going away for a little while.
Do not weep, child. I will only be gone for a little while.
Do not withhold Your tender mercies from me, O Lord.
Do not worry about it!
Do not worry about me.
Do not worry about that!
Do not worry about us.
Do not worry too much, O faithful translator, about translating word for word.
Do not worry too much.
Do not worry!
Do not worry! The ambulance is almost here.
Do not worry, Hiroshi, that in this life we all arrive where we need to be.
Do not worry, I am like your brother.
Do not worry, I am with you.
Do not worry, I will be in Tizi Wezzu.
Do not worry, I will find a solution to that problem.
Do not worry, I will give you a hand.
Do not worry, I will help you.
Do not worry, I will tell him.
Do not worry, I won't leave you.
Do not worry, he will come back home.
Do not worry, my children. I will sow Kabyle-ness in your minds and it will grow.
Do not worry, we won't leave you alone.
Do not worry, you will get back your money.
Do not worry, your children will be under our protection.
Do not worry.
Do not wrap rocks with copper wire and throw them at power lines.
Do not write anything you may regret later.
Do not yell into my ear.
Do not yield to the slavery of pleasure.
Do not, under any circumstances, depend on a partial feeling.
Do nothing in haste, except catching fleas.
Do nothing that will bring undue attention to yourself.
Do nurses make a lot of money?
Do okapis know how to read?
Do one single task at a time and focus on it.
Do one single task at a time with full concentration.
Do one single task at a time.
Do one thing after another.
Do one thing after the other.
Do one thing at a time.
Do one.
Do only what I did!
Do only what makes you happy.
Do only what you want to do.
Do or die.
Do other intelligent beings live in our Galaxy?
Do other people like me?
Do other planets exist, on which life can exist?
Do other universes exist?
Do other women think like this?
Do our actions define our legacy?
Do our actions ripple through time?
Do our choices shape our fate?
Do our experiences shape our essence?
Do our fears shape our reality?
Do our thoughts create our world?
Do our thoughts create reality?
Do our thoughts shape our reality?
Do our thoughts shape the world around us?
Do penguins live at the North Pole?
Do penguins live in Denmark?
Do penguins live in the Arctic?
Do people accuse you of being disorganized?
Do people actually live here?
Do people behave differently when they go abroad?
Do people drink tea in your country?
Do people eat bread in your country?
Do people eat cereal in your country?
Do people eat rice in your country?
Do people eat well in this restaurant?
Do people even use all of these?
Do people ever accuse you of being conceited?
Do people ever accuse you of being obnoxious?
Do people ever accuse you of being obsessive?
Do people ever accuse you of being obstinate?
Do people ever accuse you of being overemotional?
Do people ever accuse you of being pompous?
Do people ever accuse you of being quick-tempered?
Do people ever accuse you of being rude?
Do people ever accuse you of being self-indulgent?
Do people ever accuse you of being selfish?
Do people ever accuse you of being shallow?
Do people ever accuse you of being sneaky?
Do people ever accuse you of being snobbish?
Do people ever accuse you of being stubborn?
Do people ever accuse you of being stuck-up?
Do people ever accuse you of being superficial?
Do people ever accuse you of being temperamental?
Do people ever completely learn a language?
Do people ever criticize you for doing that?
Do people ever pick your brains?
Do people from your country eat kelp?
Do people give presents on Halloween?
Do people have free will?
Do people have to make so much noise?
Do people in America use these gestures?
Do people in Australia eat a lot of meat?
Do people in Boston drink tap water?
Do people in your country eat rice?
Do people live here?
Do people really fall for these scams?
Do people really have to hate one another?
Do people really pay you to do this?
Do people really say that?
Do people really want to be educated?
Do people recognize you on the street?
Do people say it like that in German?
Do people still actually use that word?
Do people still bob for apples?
Do people still do that?
Do people still feel that way?
Do people still listen?
Do people still live in that building?
Do people still marry for love?
Do people still say that?
Do people still use "water closet" to refer to the bathroom?
Do people still use that term?
Do people still use this word?
Do people still use webcams?
Do people swim in this bay?
Do people think you're greedy?
Do people who are impolite bother you?
Do platypuses lay eggs?
Do poems grow on poet trees?
Do prairie dogs hibernate?
Do problem five on the board.
Do protesters get run over by cars in Hell? Or are they more like fiery chariots?
Do psychiatrists need psychiatrists?
Do rabbits eat acorns?
Do raccoons hibernate?
Do racist and colonialist democracies that commit war crimes and crimes against humanities exist?
Do radioactive cats have 18 half-lives?
Do refrain in childish behaviour!
Do research before asking others.
Do satanists do horrible things in the name of Satan?
Do satanists sacrifice children?
Do schools really expect students to be this orderly during a fire?
Do seedless watermelons exist?
Do sheep bleat?
Do slugs die if you pour salt on them?
Do slugs die if you put salt on them?
Do snakes bother you?
Do snakes scare you?
Do solid black gazelles even exist?
Do some exercise!
Do some exercise.
Do some lives matter more than others?
Do something about it.
Do something about that noise.
Do something about the flow of blood from the wound.
Do something about this or I will.
Do something else.
Do something for the bleeding from the wound.
Do something positive.
Do something quickly.
Do something useful.
Do something with your Berber.
Do something you have never done before.
Do something!
Do something.
Do souls exist?
Do souls have races independent of their biological race?
Do spiders bite?
Do spiders drink water?
Do spiders eat flies?
Do spiders fly?
Do spiders scare you?
Do squids experience pain?
Do squirrels eat conkers?
Do stegosauruses dream?
Do steroids ultimately kill people?
Do stop talking and listen to the music.
Do storks really stand on one leg?
Do student apartments include meals?
Do students still give teachers apples?
Do study here.
Do take a seat. Someone will be with you shortly.
Do teenagers still make out in the back seats of cars?
Do tell me what he said.
Do tell me.
Do tell!
Do ten pushups.
Do ten sit-ups.
Do that after sex.
Do that again.
Do that as fast as possible.
Do that as fast as you can.
Do that as quickly as you can.
Do that at your own risk.
Do that before it gets dark.
Do that by yourself.
Do that first thing in the morning.
Do that for me, my son, delay no more, nor mention Troy again.
Do that for me.
Do that later.
Do that now.
Do that once more.
Do that one more time.
Do that over again.
Do that quickly before it starts to rain.
Do that right away.
Do that right now.
Do that the way you were told to do it.
Do that today, if possible.
Do that today.
Do that tomorrow.
Do that which is right.
Do that!
Do that, OK?
Do that, will you?
Do that. Dad is the boss.
Do the Chinese use milk and sugar with their tea?
Do the Frankists still exist?
Do the Germans have any other concerns in life apart from consumerism?
Do the Jacksons have any children?
Do the Scots have their own language?
Do the Tuaregs give names to their camels?
Do the Tuaregs mark their camels?
Do the banks have enough money?
Do the benefits outweigh the costs?
Do the best you can!
Do the best you can.
Do the children go to school?
Do the children have enough to eat?
Do the cleaners come in the morning or in the evening?
Do the cleaners come mornings or evenings?
Do the clouds hide your dreams?
Do the colors in the Algerian flag have meanings?
Do the computers work?
Do the dancing maidens sleep, or are they dead? The scent of the flower says that they are corpses. The evening bell tolls their knell.
Do the dishes.
Do the doctors think Tom will have to stay in the hospital for a long time?
Do the doors lock?
Do the ends justify the means?
Do the first example in your workbook.
Do the first exercise in your workbook.
Do the glasses fit you well?
Do the glasses suit her?
Do the glasses suit him?
Do the hard stuff first.
Do the hard stuff yourself.
Do the job as you see fit.
Do the job together.
Do the kidneys need to rest or are they better off working constantly? By constantly consuming salt water, aren't you preventing the kidneys from regenerating themselves? This also applies to blood vessels. Aren't we preventing the entire body from resting and regenerating by drinking salty water all day long and increasing blood pressure?
Do the laundry.
Do the math.
Do the mountains watch over us?
Do the new neighbors have any kids?
Do the opposite of what I say.
Do the oxen bellow when their mangers are full?
Do the people of Sevastopol, who are rallying in favor of annexation to Russia, know that unauthorized rallies are prohibited in Russia?
Do the people of your country eat rice?
Do the police have any idea who stole it?
Do the police have any leads?
Do the police have any suspects?
Do the police know about this?
Do the police still have Tom in custody?
Do the results have any practical application?
Do the right thing at the right time.
Do the right thing even when no one is watching.
Do the right thing first, not last.
Do the right thing for a change.
Do the right thing today.
Do the right thing.
Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Do the rivers carry your dreams?
Do the rivers flow endlessly?
Do the same stuff.
Do the same thing I do.
Do the same thing I'm doing.
Do the same thing that you did last time.
Do the same thing you did last time.
Do the same thing.
Do the same.
Do the stars guide your dreams?
Do the stars guide your journey?
Do the stars guide your path?
Do the stars guide your steps?
Do the stars guide your way?
Do the stars hide their light from you?
Do the stars hide their secrets?
Do the stars hold your secrets?
Do the stars remind you of home?
Do the stars shine brighter for you?
Do the statistics speak for themselves?
Do the students sit in the auditorium?
Do the task.
Do the thing.
Do the things that interest you and do them with all your heart.
Do the things that interest you and do them with all your heart. Don't be concerned about whether people are watching you or criticizing you. The chances are that they aren't paying any attention to you.
Do the trains run on diesel oil?
Do the trees whisper your name?
Do the two sentences really have the same meaning?
Do the unexpected.
Do the walk.
Do the waves carry your dreams away?
Do the waves carry your thoughts away?
Do the waves carry your worries away?
Do the waves sing you to sleep?
Do the windows open?
Do the winds bring you peace?
Do the winds carry your dreams away?
Do the winds carry your dreams?
Do the winds carry your hopes away?
Do the winds carry your thoughts away?
Do the winds guide your journey?
Do the women like a man with a beard?
Do the words "Russia" and "Prussia" have anything in common?
Do the work right away.
Do their parents live in Africa?
Do them this favor.
Do these all cost the same?
Do these books belong to you or to me?
Do these children have any parents?
Do these clothes seem too short for me?
Do these cookies have nuts in them?
Do these fit?
Do these gloves fit you?
Do these insects sting?
Do these kinds of things happen often here?
Do these ladies speak French?
Do these paintings appeal to you?
Do these pants have to be so tight?
Do these pieces fit together?
Do these plans meet with your approval?
Do these shoes fit you?
Do these spices taste good?
Do these things happen often here?
Do these two sentences really mean the same thing?
Do these vegetables come from this region?
Do these vegetables cost a lot?
Do these words form a unit?
Do they advocate for reforms?
Do they agree to our conditions?
Do they all cost the same?
Do they all enjoy such high speed development?
Do they all speak Chinese?
Do they allow you to wear jeans to the office?
Do they always keep the dog tied to the gate?
Do they arrive at six or seven o'clock?
Do they assess organizational risks?
Do they behave differently from each other?
Do they believe in the fight for freedom?
Do they believe in us?
Do they believe us?
Do they both understand French?
Do they both understand Japanese?
Do they campaign for equality?
Do they celebrate Christmas in this country?
Do they celebrate Mother's Day in your native country?
Do they celebrate Mother’s Day in your native country?
Do they clip the sheep every year?
Do they collaborate across disciplines?
Do they come from a musical family?
Do they conduct performance evaluations?
Do they create a collaborative environment?
Do they deny that?
Do they deserve our sympathy?
Do they discuss the company's vision?
Do they do that often?
Do they do that right after that?
Do they do their chores on time?
Do they drink milk?
Do they drink tea?
Do they eat rice in your country?
Do they engage with their voters?
Do they enjoy reading about old superstitions?
Do they enjoy teasing juniors, I wonder?
Do they enjoy teasing younger people, I wonder?
Do they exist?
Do they feel ill?
Do they follow the company mission?
Do they forecast a storm for tomorrow?
Do they foster an inclusive environment?
Do they frighten you?
Do they get paid?
Do they get up early in the morning?
Do they give a storm for tomorrow?
Do they give toys to the child?
Do they hate me?
Do they have American citizenship?
Do they have Mexican passport?
Do they have a bicycle?
Do they have a computer?
Do they have a dictionary?
Do they have a garden?
Do they have a guest?
Do they have a legitimate case?
Do they have a plan for that?
Do they have a property for sale here?
Do they have a rug?
Do they have a strong management strategy?
Do they have a wool hat?
Do they have any South Indian food?
Do they have any good news?
Do they have any idea what happened?
Do they have any plan B?
Do they have bike lanes on the freeways in Australia?
Do they have bus rides here?
Do they have children?
Do they have contingency plans?
Do they have different last names?
Do they have earthquakes in Australia?
Do they have enough resources?
Do they have gold?
Do they have jobs?
Do they have land?
Do they have money?
Do they have one that's cheaper?
Do they have shawarma?
Do they have something like a compass?
Do they have something to hide?
Do they have something to say?
Do they have streetcars in Boston?
Do they have that?
Do they have the ability to pay that much?
Do they have the audacity to talk bad about me after everything I've done for them?
Do they have the legal authority to do that?
Do they have their suitcase?
Do they have their suitcases?
Do they have time for everything that needs to be done?
Do they have to do it?
Do they have to stay at home today?
Do they have to stay there all day?
Do they have transportation?
Do they have water in their houses?
Do they have weapons?
Do they have your phone number?
Do they have your phone?
Do they interpret the results correctly?
Do they just make this stuff up?
Do they know French?
Do they know Italian?
Do they know about each other?
Do they know about us?
Do they know any other expressions?
Do they know cooking ?
Do they know each other?
Do they know how Tom is doing?
Do they know how old I am?
Do they know how to sing?
Do they know how to write?
Do they know it well?
Do they know that we know?
Do they know that you're here?
Do they know the history of Kabylia?
Do they know we know?
Do they know what happened?
Do they know what's going on?
Do they know where Tom is?
Do they know where they are?
Do they know where we live?
Do they know you're here?
Do they know you?
Do they know?
Do they learn English?
Do they like oranges?
Do they like to dance?
Do they like wine?
Do they like you?
Do they live in Algeria?
Do they live in Algiers?
Do they live on the fourth or fifth floor?
Do they live round here?
Do they live with you?
Do they love cats?
Do they love each other?
Do they love me?
Do they make gluten-free seitan?
Do they mean it?
Do they miss something.
Do they miss their mother?
Do they need a hotel?
Do they need a plane?
Do they need a shirt?
Do they need a table?
Do they need help?
Do they need land?
Do they need more office supplies?
Do they need more research?
Do they need more time?
Do they need to finish?
Do they need to operate?
Do they not know other diseases?
Do they observe Christmas Day in that country?
Do they own a computer?
Do they pay their own expenses?
Do they pay you well?
Do they plan to use it again?
Do they play Pokémon?
Do they play video games?
Do they prioritize employee satisfaction?
Do they promote transparency?
Do they really believe what they say?
Do they really care?
Do they really exist?
Do they really expect us to eat this?
Do they really let you wear that to work?
Do they really need to come here?
Do they really not have any silverware here?
Do they really pay you to do this?
Do they remember me?
Do they represent their constituents?
Do they respond to you?
Do they review the business plan?
Do they run every day?
Do they run fast?
Do they see the sky?
Do they sell Guinness here?
Do they sell Kabyle cookbooks?
Do they sell books?
Do they sell bread at that store?
Do they sell cat food here?
Do they sell catfood here?
Do they sell champagne here?
Do they sell dog food here?
Do they sell flowers at this store?
Do they sell gobstoppers in the corner shop?
Do they sell home-grown food there?
Do they sell home-grown food?
Do they sell magazines at the school store?
Do they sell moonstone at their crystal shop?
Do they sell notebooks at that store?
Do they sell notebooks in that store?
Do they sell phone credit?
Do they sell rakes?
Do they sell red wine?
Do they sell rose quartz?
Do they sell tangerines?
Do they serve couscous in this restaurant?
Do they share secrets?
Do they sing song on special occasions ?
Do they sleep in on Sunday mornings?
Do they sometimes stay with parents?
Do they speak Berber in Tunisia?
Do they speak Berber?
Do they speak French in Australia?
Do they speak French in Canada?
Do they speak French to some extent?
Do they speak French?
Do they speak Hungarian?
Do they speak Italian in Australia?
Do they speak Magyar?
Do they speak Spanish in Mexico?
Do they still live in Algiers?
Do they still make cassette tapes?
Do they still teach French in Australia?
Do they still teach French in high schools?
Do they study the human mind?
Do they support continuous improvement?
Do they support the new law?
Do they suspect me?
Do they take care of the dog?
Do they teach the French language in Australian schools?
Do they think Tom kissed Mary?
Do they think themselves funny?
Do they track the organization's progress?
Do they trust each other?
Do they trust you?
Do they understand Kabyle?
Do they understand Russian?
Do they understand that?
Do they understand what they're saying?
Do they use the hygiene equipment?
Do they validate the results?
Do they want to book a trip to Australia?
Do they want to buy something from the market?
Do they want to cause a new outbreak of violence?
Do they want to eat something?
Do they want to go anywhere?
Do they want to stay in office for ever?
Do they watch TV?
Do they wear masks in the office?
Do they work here?
Do things change?
Do things you like to do.
Do this always with Tom only.
Do this as if your life depended on it.
Do this at your leisure.
Do this before anything else.
Do this before you do anything else.
Do this exercise as revision.
Do this first.
Do this for me.
Do this if you would like to go on living in this house.
Do this work by tomorrow if at all possible.
Do this work by tomorrow if possible.
Do this work by tomorrow, if possible.
Do this!
Do this, and you will see the consequences.
Do this, if possible.
Do this.
Do those girls wear white skirts?
Do those guys go to your school?
Do those insects sting?
Do those ladies speak French?
Do those lights need to be on?
Do those people have enough to eat?
Do those shoes fit you?
Do those shoes fit?
Do those students very often surf?
Do those things which are profitable, and remember to avoid again those in which there is error, and there is no hope of certain employment.
Do thou what's straight still crooked deem; Thy greatest art still stupid seem, And eloquence a stammering scream.
Do tigers eat birds?
Do tigers purr?
Do to others as you would be done by.
Do to others as you would be done by?
Do to others as you would have others do to you.
Do to others as you would have them do to you.
Do to us whatever you think is right.
Do tortoises change their shells?
Do tourists visit towers?
Do transgender people need to continuously use hormones to maintain their sexual characteristics?
Do translators use Tatoeba?
Do trolls exist only in Norway or also in other countries?
Do true deep meditation.
Do truly smart people brag about being smart?
Do turtles change their shells?
Do turtles have teeth?
Do twenty jumping jacks.
Do twins realize that one of them was unplanned?
Do two wrongs make a right?
Do understand the position you're in.
Do understand, Mrs. Smith, we must encourage the children, and not dishearten them.
Do unto others as you would have others do unto you.
Do unto others as you would have them do to you!
Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.
Do unto others as you would like them to do unto you.
Do unto yourself as you do unto others.
Do up the box with decorative tape.
Do vampires have a sense of taste?
Do vampires really exist?
Do vegans come from Vega?
Do vegans eat cheese?
Do vegetarians have cheat days?
Do very tall people have to be careful not to bump their heads when they go through doorways?
Do vulnerable road users always have the right of way?
Do want to earn some extra money?
Do want to grab a cup of coffee or something?
Do watch your step.
Do we all have a destiny to fulfill?
Do we all have a destiny?
Do we all have to be here tomorrow?
Do we all have to be there?
Do we all have to do that?
Do we all have to study French?
Do we all live in a yellow submarine?
Do we all need to be here tomorrow?
Do we all need to do that?
Do we all need to study French?
Do we all seek the same truths?
Do we all share the same destiny?
Do we already have that text?
Do we always go to sleep at 11 p.m.?
Do we always have to ask Tom for permission?
Do we always have to ask Tom for the permission?
Do we always have to be late?
Do we at least have the right to say that the Palestinians are human beings without being accused of being anti-Semites?
Do we at least know who sold it?
Do we belong to something greater?
Do we care?
Do we control our destiny?
Do we control our thoughts?
Do we create meaning or discover it?
Do we create our own destiny?
Do we create our own fate?
Do we create our own future?
Do we create our own limitations?
Do we create our own limits?
Do we create our own purpose?
Do we create our own suffering?
Do we create the reality we live in?
Do we define life, or does life define us?
Do we define our own worth?
Do we disgust you?
Do we do the right thing?
Do we dress formal?
Do we eat together tonight?
Do we even have a choice?
Do we ever fully know ourselves?
Do we ever fully understand others?
Do we ever really grow up?
Do we ever truly live in the present?
Do we ever truly understand others?
Do we exist beyond our physical form?
Do we exist beyond the physical world?
Do we exist?
Do we fear what we do not understand?
Do we find meaning or create it?
Do we find the same solutions?
Do we go on or turn back?
Do we go together to the town?
Do we have a Berber class tonight?
Do we have a babysitter for tonight?
Do we have a blog?
Do we have a chance of winning?
Do we have a chance?
Do we have a choice?
Do we have a contingency plan?
Do we have a deal here?
Do we have a deal?
Do we have a doctor on board?
Do we have a good Japanese parent who can adopt a few sentences on Tatoeba?
Do we have a group project this semester?
Do we have a hole punch?
Do we have a lot of things?
Do we have a map?
Do we have a meeting this afternoon?
Do we have a meeting today?
Do we have a paper clip?
Do we have a problem here?
Do we have a problem?
Do we have a purpose beyond survival?
Do we have a quorum?
Do we have a small chance of winning?
Do we have a soldering iron?
Do we have a test tomorrow night?
Do we have a test tomorrow?
Do we have all the answers?
Do we have all the ingredients we need?
Do we have an agreement or not?
Do we have an agreement?
Do we have an extra one that Tom can borrow?
Do we have an iron?
Do we have another choice?
Do we have another one like this?
Do we have any AA batteries? My mouse died.
Do we have any French homework that needs to be turned in tomorrow?
Do we have any brandy?
Do we have any bread?
Do we have any cake left?
Do we have any chance of winning?
Do we have any chance?
Do we have any choice?
Do we have any clean spoons?
Do we have any food?
Do we have any homework that needs to be done by tomorrow?
Do we have any homework tonight?
Do we have any ice cream left?
Do we have any ice left?
Do we have any idea where those youngsters went?
Do we have any ketchup?
Do we have any leads yet?
Do we have any milk left?
Do we have any more beer?
Do we have any more bread?
Do we have any more cookies left?
Do we have any more cough syrup?
Do we have any more potatoes?
Do we have any olive oil?
Do we have any other business to discuss?
Do we have any other choice?
Do we have any other options?
Do we have any paper clips?
Do we have any schnapps left?
Do we have any sugar left?
Do we have any vinegar left?
Do we have anything I can snack on?
Do we have anything else that needs to be thrown away?
Do we have anything else to drink?
Do we have anything else to eat?
Do we have anything else we can give Tom?
Do we have anything else?
Do we have authorization to proceed?
Do we have bait?
Do we have class this Friday?
Do we have class today?
Do we have classes this Friday?
Do we have classes tomorrow?
Do we have control over our own destiny?
Do we have enough chairs for everyone?
Do we have enough chairs?
Do we have enough flour?
Do we have enough food for all of us?
Do we have enough food for everyone?
Do we have enough food for thirty people?
Do we have enough food to go around?
Do we have enough food to last us till next payday?
Do we have enough food to last us until next payday?
Do we have enough food?
Do we have enough gas for the trip?
Do we have enough glasses?
Do we have enough ice cream for everybody?
Do we have enough ice cream for everyone?
Do we have enough ice?
Do we have enough milk?
Do we have enough money for two tickets?
Do we have enough money to buy that?
Do we have enough money?
Do we have enough of everything?
Do we have enough people helping us?
Do we have enough rice?
Do we have enough silverware for thirty people?
Do we have enough supplies?
Do we have enough time to finish this before Tom and Mary get here?
Do we have enough time to finish this before Tom gets here?
Do we have enough time to get this done today?
Do we have enough time?
Do we have enough water?
Do we have everything we need?
Do we have free will?
Do we have grated cheese?
Do we have homework for tomorrow?
Do we have in our literature a character who resembles Dracula?
Do we have inequality in Algeria?
Do we have insurance?
Do we have it in us?
Do we have lessons this Friday?
Do we have long to wait?
Do we have milk in the fridge?
Do we have money?
Do we have more unanswered letters?
Do we have need of a global language?
Do we have olive oil?
Do we have one like it?
Do we have one?
Do we have oven mitts?
Do we have paper clips?
Do we have proof that Atlantis exists?
Do we have rare earths in Algeria?
Do we have rice?
Do we have school today?
Do we have something to celebrate?
Do we have souls, or are we just so complex that an error in us occurred long ago and a belief was born with that creating the idea we all have souls?
Do we have the material to build all this?
Do we have the money?
Do we have the power to shape our own destiny?
Do we have the power to shape reality?
Do we have time for a cup of coffee?
Do we have time for a picture?
Do we have time for another cup of coffee?
Do we have time for this?
Do we have time to do this now?
Do we have time to eat?
Do we have time to finish this before Tom and Mary get here?
Do we have time to finish this before Tom gets here?
Do we have time to watch another movie?
Do we have time?
Do we have to answer him?
Do we have to answer?
Do we have to ask for permission?
Do we have to be nice to Tom?
Do we have to be nice to her?
Do we have to be nice to him?
Do we have to be nice to them?
Do we have to be so formal?
Do we have to buy a book for the course?
Do we have to buy a coursebook?
Do we have to buy car insurance?
Do we have to change that?
Do we have to come to school next Monday?
Do we have to decide today?
Do we have to do all that?
Do we have to do all this today?
Do we have to do all this?
Do we have to do anything else?
Do we have to do that today?
Do we have to do that?
Do we have to do this anymore?
Do we have to do this every day?
Do we have to do this now?
Do we have to do this tonight?
Do we have to do this?
Do we have to eat this?
Do we have to get off the train at the border?
Do we have to get rid of that?
Do we have to get up early in the morning?
Do we have to get up early tomorrow morning?
Do we have to go back?
Do we have to go now?
Do we have to go there?
Do we have to go to Australia?
Do we have to go to Boston?
Do we have to go toward the front or toward the back?
Do we have to go?
Do we have to have our cat neutered?
Do we have to have our cat spayed?
Do we have to have this argument in the family room, in front of the kids?
Do we have to help Tom?
Do we have to help her?
Do we have to help him?
Do we have to help them?
Do we have to improve the methods of direct democracy?
Do we have to keep making the same mistakes over and over again?
Do we have to keep talking about this?
Do we have to keep this a secret?
Do we have to leave a tip in France?
Do we have to lie flat on the ground?
Do we have to make that decision today?
Do we have to make the bed every day?
Do we have to pay anything?
Do we have to pay in advance?
Do we have to pay taxes on this?
Do we have to pay?
Do we have to protect Tom?
Do we have to protect her?
Do we have to protect him?
Do we have to protect them?
Do we have to reply to him?
Do we have to reply?
Do we have to speak French?
Do we have to stay at home today?
Do we have to stay here?
Do we have to stay in Australia all week?
Do we have to stay in Boston all week?
Do we have to study French?
Do we have to take the bus?
Do we have to talk about this here?
Do we have to talk about this now?
Do we have to talk about this?
Do we have to tell Tom everything?
Do we have to tell Tom?
Do we have to tell her?
Do we have to tell him?
Do we have to tell them?
Do we have to train?
Do we have to wait for Tom?
Do we have to wait?
Do we have to watch this?
Do we have what we need?
Do we have your permission to leave?
Do we know a good babysitter?
Do we know anyone down there who can help Tom?
Do we know anything more?
Do we know each other, by any chance?
Do we know each other?
Do we know enough about the motives?
Do we know for sure it's Tom?
Do we know when they'll make their decision?
Do we know where we are going?
Do we know where we're going?
Do we know who he is?
Do we know who you are?
Do we know why it's happening?
Do we know you?
Do we live for ourselves or for others?
Do we live for the present or the future?
Do we live in a free country or not?
Do we live in a world of infinite possibilities?
Do we live in a world of our own creation?
Do we live in multiple dimensions?
Do we live in multiple realities?
Do we live in the moment or for the future?
Do we live to work? No, we work to live.
Do we love each other?
Do we need Tom's help?
Do we need Tom's permission?
Do we need Tom, too?
Do we need a Plan B?
Do we need a table?
Do we need a universal language?
Do we need a wool hat?
Do we need a world language?
Do we need all of the above?
Do we need anything else?
Do we need gold?
Do we need her help?
Do we need his help?
Do we need it?
Do we need medical supplies?
Do we need more inflation?
Do we need more oxygen tanks?
Do we need more propane?
Do we need permission from Tom?
Do we need permission to do that?
Do we need permission?
Do we need purpose to live?
Do we need shelter now?
Do we need special permission?
Do we need struggle to grow?
Do we need their help?
Do we need them that badly?
Do we need tickets?
Do we need to ask for permission to do that?
Do we need to assist you?
Do we need to bring our dictionaries to class tomorrow?
Do we need to buy tickets?
Do we need to call an ambulance?
Do we need to catch the bus?
Do we need to change that?
Do we need to come here tomorrow night?
Do we need to comment?
Do we need to control this?
Do we need to decide this right now?
Do we need to discuss it?
Do we need to do anything else?
Do we need to do it this way?
Do we need to do more?
Do we need to do that again?
Do we need to do that the way Tom said we need to?
Do we need to do this again?
Do we need to explore further?
Do we need to explore space?
Do we need to fear the unknown?
Do we need to get Tom's permission?
Do we need to get permission from Tom?
Do we need to get the bus?
Do we need to go further?
Do we need to go?
Do we need to help Tom?
Do we need to hire more teachers?
Do we need to hire someone to replace Tom?
Do we need to hurry up?
Do we need to hurry?
Do we need to leave now?
Do we need to lock the door?
Do we need to make a reservation?
Do we need to raise taxes again?
Do we need to reform Islam?
Do we need to stay at home today?
Do we need to take a toll road? We're not in a hurry.
Do we need to take the toll road? We're not in a hurry.
Do we need to tell Tom what to do?
Do we need to understand the stars?
Do we need to wait for Tom?
Do we need to wait for her?
Do we need to wait for him?
Do we need to wait for them?
Do we need to wait for you?
Do we need to watch out for tigers around here?
Do we need your permission?
Do we place too much value on being original?
Do we really care what Tom's opinion is?
Do we really have to change?
Do we really have to do everything Tom asked us to do?
Do we really have to do that now?
Do we really have to do that?
Do we really have to do this again?
Do we really have to do this now?
Do we really have to do this right now?
Do we really have to do this?
Do we really have to eat this?
Do we really have to go back?
Do we really have to go home so early?
Do we really have to go there?
Do we really have to go to Australia?
Do we really have to go to Boston next week?
Do we really have to go to Boston?
Do we really have to help Tom?
Do we really have to leave now?
Do we really have to sell our car?
Do we really have to sing?
Do we really have to watch the news while we eat?
Do we really have to work next Monday?
Do we really know one another?
Do we really need Tom's help?
Do we really need her?
Do we really need him?
Do we really need it?
Do we really need so many bus stops?
Do we really need them?
Do we really need this much food?
Do we really need this?
Do we really need to colonize Mars?
Do we really need to decide this now?
Do we really need to do that now?
Do we really need to do this now?
Do we really need to do this?
Do we really need to help you?
Do we really need to leave now?
Do we really need you?
Do we really trust our peers?
Do we really want Tom to do that?
Do we really want Tom to help us?
Do we really want Tom to know how much money you make?
Do we really want all these cars polluting the air?
Do we really want that?
Do we really want to do that?
Do we really want to eat pizza this early in the morning?
Do we really want to help Tom?
Do we really want to help them?
Do we really want to spend the entire weekend doing this?
Do we really want to walk to Tom's house?
Do we represent you?
Do we see each other tomorrow?
Do we see reality as it really is?
Do we seek knowledge or truth?
Do we shape our own destiny, or does fate guide us?
Do we shape our own reality?
Do we shape the universe or does it shape us?
Do we share the costs?
Do we speak the same language?
Do we still have LSD?
Do we still have a map?
Do we still have potatoes?
Do we still have this fabric?
Do we still have time?
Do we still need school in the age of Wikipedia?
Do we still need to do this?
Do we still need to worry about that?
Do we support this?
Do we tell him?
Do we tip here?
Do we truly love Sabah?
Do we two still have enough flour? I want to bake something.
Do we understand each other now?
Do we understand our true needs?
Do we understand the risks now?
Do we understand the universe?
Do we want a lawyer?
Do we want to contribute?
Do we want to go or stay?
Do we want to grill? I've bought Thuringian bratwurst.
Do we want to play football tomorrow?
Do what I do.
Do what I say.
Do what I tell you to do.
Do what I tell you.
Do what I told you.
Do what I want or else.
Do what I want you to do.
Do what Sami says.
Do what Tom and Mary tell you to do and everything will be fine.
Do what Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Do what Tom asks you to do.
Do what Tom asks.
Do what Tom says.
Do what Tom tells you to do and everything will be fine.
Do what Tom tells you to do.
Do what Tom tells you.
Do what Tom told you to do.
Do what Tom wants.
Do what excites you.
Do what feels good.
Do what feels right to you.
Do what feels right.
Do what has to be done.
Do what he says.
Do what he tells you.
Do what is good to those who hate you.
Do what is needed to be done.
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.
Do what is right.
Do what makes you happy.
Do what must be done.
Do what needs to be done.
Do what others do.
Do what she says.
Do what she tells you.
Do what the doctor said.
Do what the man says.
Do what they tell you.
Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the Law.
Do what we tell you to do.
Do what we tell you.
Do what you believe is right.
Do what you can do!
Do what you can do.
Do what you can for Tom.
Do what you can for her.
Do what you can for him.
Do what you can for them.
Do what you can to help Tom.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Do what you can.
Do what you consider necessary.
Do what you enjoy.
Do what you fear most, and you'll find freedom.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for you'll be criticized anyway. You'll be damned if you do and damned if you don't.
Do what you feel is necessary.
Do what you gotta do.
Do what you have left undone, if anything.
Do what you have to do to survive.
Do what you have to do, regardless of what happens.
Do what you have to do, whatever happens.
Do what you have to do.
Do what you have to.
Do what you like.
Do what you love.
Do what you must, come what may.
Do what you must.
Do what you need to do.
Do what you ought to, come what may.
Do what you say and say what you do.
Do what you see fit.
Do what you think has to be done in the way you think it should be done.
Do what you think is best.
Do what you think is necessary.
Do what you think is right for you.
Do what you think is right.
Do what you want to do.
Do what you want with it.
Do what you want!
Do what you want, I don't really care.
Do what you want, but I'll stop it, if I can.
Do what you want.
Do what you want. I don't care.
Do what you want. It doesn't matter to me.
Do what you will.
Do what you will; I won't talk.
Do what you wish.
Do what you're told.
Do what you've been told.
Do what your father says.
Do what your father tells you to do.
Do what your father tells you.
Do what your heart tells you to do.
Do what your heart tells you.
Do what your mom is telling you.
Do what your mother said.
Do what your mother says.
Do what's best for Tom.
Do what's best for her.
Do what's best for him.
Do what's best for them.
Do what's best.
Do what's directed in the prospectus.
Do what's necessary to arrive safely.
Do what's right!
Do what's right.
Do what?
Do whatever Tom tells you to do.
Do whatever brings you joy.
Do whatever he tells you.
Do whatever it is that he tells you to do.
Do whatever it takes to get it done.
Do whatever it takes to get the job done.
Do whatever it takes to succeed.
Do whatever it takes.
Do whatever makes you happy.
Do whatever needs to be done to resolve this issue as soon as possible.
Do whatever needs to be done.
Do whatever she tells you.
Do whatever the fuck you want.
Do whatever they ask you to do.
Do whatever you can do.
Do whatever you can.
Do whatever you feel is right.
Do whatever you have to do.
Do whatever you like.
Do whatever you please!
Do whatever you think is best.
Do whatever you think is necessary.
Do whatever you think is right.
Do whatever you want about it.
Do whatever you want to do.
Do whatever you want to.
Do whatever you want!
Do whatever you want, there will be gossiping anyhow.
Do whatever you want.
Do whatever you want. I don't care.
Do whatever's required.
Do whatever, I still won't care.
Do what’s right and come what may.
Do what’s right!
Do wishes come true?
Do with it what you will.
Do wolves bark?
Do women have Adam's apples, too?
Do women have penises?
Do women poop?
Do write to me soon!
Do y'all smoke?
Do y'all speak Albanian?
Do y'all want a cookie?
Do you accept AMEX?
Do you accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior?
Do you accept Jesus Christ as your personal Savior?
Do you accept Visa card?
Do you accept Visa?
Do you accept a credit card?
Do you accept credit card?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept my offer?
Do you accept my terms?
Do you accept the Visa card?
Do you accept the explanation?
Do you accept the premise?
Do you accept the theory of evolution?
Do you accept these vouchers?
Do you accept this card?
Do you accept this challenge?
Do you accept tips?
Do you accept traveler's checks?
Do you accept traveler’s checks?
Do you act different when you speak French?
Do you act differently when you speak French?
Do you actually believe that?
Do you actually believe this?
Do you actually expect me to believe that?
Do you actually feel sorry for Tom?
Do you actually go to dance class?
Do you actually have any practical merit or have you merely been trying to give them a sense of the true spirit of polite society?
Do you actually know Tom's family?
Do you actually know Tom?
Do you actually know how to do this?
Do you actually know what needs to be done?
Do you actually know what to do?
Do you actually know what we should be doing?
Do you actually like Tom?
Do you actually like making me suffer?
Do you actually like this?
Do you actually like your coffee with salt?
Do you actually live here?
Do you actually mean it?
Do you actually take dancing lessons?
Do you actually think I'd do something like that?
Do you actually think I'm going to do that?
Do you actually think I'm going to go to Australia with Tom?
Do you actually think I'm going to go to Boston with Tom?
Do you actually think Tom will cry?
Do you actually think Tom will do that?
Do you actually think Tom will win?
Do you actually think people can live to be nine hundred years old?
Do you actually think that I'd do something like that?
Do you actually think that I'm going to go to Australia with Tom?
Do you actually think that's true?
Do you actually want to insult me?
Do you add new sentences to Tatoeba?
Do you admit your guilt?
Do you advertise in the Yellow Pages?
Do you agree Tom shouldn't do that?
Do you agree about that?
Do you agree or disagree?
Do you agree that 2 in a set with 2 is a set with one member?
Do you agree that Tom shouldn't do that?
Do you agree that almost all Baroque composers wrote for the flute?
Do you agree that we should leave now?
Do you agree to our proposal?
Do you agree to this proposal?
Do you agree to wait until tomorrow?
Do you agree with Dr. Burns or Ms. Roland?
Do you agree with Mr. Burns or do you agree with Mr. Roland?
Do you agree with Tom's decision?
Do you agree with Tom's recommendations?
Do you agree with Tom's statement?
Do you agree with Tom?
Do you agree with her?
Do you agree with him?
Do you agree with me?
Do you agree with that or not?
Do you agree with that position?
Do you agree with that?
Do you agree with the new rules?
Do you agree with the ruling?
Do you agree with their decision?
Do you agree with their ideas?
Do you agree with them?
Do you agree with this?
Do you agree with us?
Do you agree with what Tom just said?
Do you agree with what Tom said?
Do you agree with what Tom wrote in his report?
Do you agree with what Tom wrote?
Do you agree with what he said?
Do you agree with what he says in the book?
Do you agree with what he wrote in the book?
Do you agree, Tom?
Do you agree?
Do you aim for balance in life?
Do you all agree?
Do you all believe in God?
Do you all even care anymore?
Do you all feel exhausted?
Do you all feel that way?
Do you all hate me?
Do you all have non-alcoholic drinks?
Do you all have pencils?
Do you all have something to drink?
Do you all have tattoos?
Do you all have umbrellas?
Do you all know what you're doing?
Do you all know why I've come to you?
Do you all place great importance on morals?
Do you all plan to come with us?
Do you all speak Albanian?
Do you all speak French?
Do you all speak Ladino?
Do you all think I know nothing?
Do you all think that I know nothing?
Do you all think this is a good idea?
Do you all understand the difference between germs and viruses?
Do you all understand?
Do you all want me to bring you anything?
Do you all want to share an orange with me?
Do you all want to share an orange?
Do you allow your children play in the street?
Do you allow your children to eat ice cream?
Do you already have a beard?
Do you already have a plan?
Do you already have a position?
Do you already have holiday plans?
Do you already have plans for New Year's Eve?
Do you already have the relevant document?
Do you already know Tom?
Do you already know each other?
Do you already know how to count?
Do you already know the new song?
Do you already know what to do?
Do you already know whether you will go to the beach afterwards, and, if yes, when?
Do you already know who I'm talking about?
Do you already miss the summer heat?
Do you already use Amikumu?
Do you also accept American Express?
Do you also collect coins?
Do you also cook?
Do you also do vegan dishes?
Do you also dream of lying under the sun?
Do you also go to work today, by any chance?
Do you also have a house in Boston?
Do you also have a name?
Do you also have a ticket?
Do you also have a vegetarian pizza?
Do you also have child portions?
Do you also have it in other colours?
Do you also have kid-size portions?
Do you also have radios?
Do you also have that in medium?
Do you also have this in other colors?
Do you also have this in other colours?
Do you also know how to count in Italian?
Do you also know how to use a computer?
Do you also like Tom?
Do you also like doing crossword puzzles?
Do you also like jazz?
Do you also like listening to the radio?
Do you also love me?
Do you also make stamped boxes?
Do you also play the mandolin?
Do you also sell dictionaries?
Do you also sell hammers?
Do you also sell imported wine?
Do you also speak French?
Do you also take American Express?
Do you also want a shave?
Do you also want to eat?
Do you also want to participate in that course?
Do you also want to take part in this course?
Do you also write music?
Do you also write poetry?
Do you always act this way?
Do you always ask so many questions?
Do you always buy foreign books?
Do you always carry a knife with you?
Do you always carry so much money?
Do you always catch the same bus every morning?
Do you always come to school this early?
Do you always come to work this early?
Do you always do everything you're told?
Do you always do it like this?
Do you always do that by yourself?
Do you always do that by yourselves?
Do you always do that on Mondays?
Do you always do that?
Do you always do what Tom and Mary tell you to do?
Do you always do what Tom and Mary tell you?
Do you always do what Tom asks you to do?
Do you always do what Tom tells you to do?
Do you always do what Tom tells you?
Do you always do your homework?
Do you always drink coffee with your breakfast?
Do you always drive the same route?
Do you always drive the same stretch?
Do you always eat like this?
Do you always eat lunch at the same time every day?
Do you always eat lunch at the same time?
Do you always get up before six?
Do you always get up early?
Do you always get up this early?
Do you always get what you want?
Do you always go jogging after work?
Do you always go shopping by yourself?
Do you always go the same route?
Do you always go to bed before midnight?
Do you always greet people that way?
Do you always have Mayas's umbrella?
Do you always have a good appetite?
Do you always have coffee with your breakfast?
Do you always have such a hoarse voice?
Do you always have to be so dramatic?
Do you always have to be talking about him?
Do you always have to have your own way?
Do you always have to talk about him?
Do you always help Tom and Mary do that?
Do you always help Tom clean his room?
Do you always help Tom do that?
Do you always help Tom with his homework?
Do you always keep your promises?
Do you always keep your word?
Do you always leave for work at the same time every morning?
Do you always listen to my phone calls?
Do you always lock your door at night?
Do you always lock your house at night?
Do you always lock your house when you leave?
Do you always obey orders?
Do you always play by the rules?
Do you always run?
Do you always see your friends in this café?
Do you always sing this song in this key?
Do you always sneeze so much around cats?
Do you always speak French to Tom?
Do you always speak French with Tom?
Do you always speak French?
Do you always speak Greek with your wife?
Do you always speak that much?
Do you always take so long to answer a question?
Do you always talk this much?
Do you always travel first class?
Do you always travel first-class?
Do you always travel in first class?
Do you always use a saddle when you ride your horse?
Do you always use sunscreen when you go surfing?
Do you always wait for the bus here?
Do you always watch TV in the evening?
Do you always wear a helmet when riding your motorcycle?
Do you always wear a helmet when you ride your motorcycle?
Do you always wear a tie at work?
Do you always wear a tie to work?
Do you always wear black clothing?
Do you always wear green on St. Patrick's Day?
Do you always wear the same underwear?
Do you always win?
Do you and Mary like each other?
Do you and Tom always eat together?
Do you and Tom always speak to each other in French?
Do you and Tom and Mary spend a lot of time together?
Do you and Tom argue often?
Do you and Tom ever discuss politics?
Do you and Tom ever go out drinking together?
Do you and Tom ever walk to school together?
Do you and Tom fight often?
Do you and Tom get along well?
Do you and Tom get along?
Do you and Tom go dancing often?
Do you and Tom hang out together?
Do you and Tom like each other?
Do you and Tom live near each other?
Do you and Tom live together?
Do you and Tom need to do that now?
Do you and Tom often eat dinner together?
Do you and Tom often eat lunch together?
Do you and Tom often go fishing together?
Do you and Tom often hang out with each other?
Do you and Tom often have dinner together?
Do you and Tom often play together?
Do you and Tom plan to get married soon?
Do you and Tom spend a lot of time together?
Do you and Tom stay in touch?
Do you and Tom still hate each other?
Do you and Tom still keep in touch?
Do you and Tom usually communicate in French?
Do you and Tom usually communicate with each other in French?
Do you and Tom want the same thing?
Do you and Tom work together?
Do you and your husband have a joint checking account?
Do you and your husband usually eat meals together?
Do you anger your parents?
Do you annoy your brothers?
Do you answer personal questions?
Do you anticipate any problems?
Do you anticipate any trouble?
Do you anticipate more problems?
Do you any idea what this might be?
Do you apply some ointment on this wound?
Do you appreciate contemporary art?
Do you appreciate creative experimentation?
Do you appreciate first dates or do they fill you with anxiety?
Do you appreciate life's challenges?
Do you appreciate the journey?
Do you approve of Jill's new hairstyle?
Do you approve of Jill’s new hairstyle?
Do you approve of this?
Do you approve of what Tom is doing?
Do you approve of what he is doing?
Do you approve of what she is doing?
Do you approve or disapprove of my project?
Do you approve that?
Do you argue with your wife?
Do you ask every new employee that question?
Do you ask questions to grow?
Do you ask your friends to lend you money?
Do you at least know what it is?
Do you at least know what this is?
Do you at least speak Finnish?
Do you attend music festivals?
Do you bake bread?
Do you bake cakes in this oven?
Do you bake every day?
Do you bake your pizza at home on a baking tray or on the grill?
Do you bath the baby?
Do you beat them?
Do you believe Algeria will turn into a secular country like its neighbor Tunisia?
Do you believe God exists?
Do you believe I arranged it like that?
Do you believe I did it?
Do you believe I have a chance to get that position?
Do you believe Judas betrayed Jesus Christ?
Do you believe Tom and Mary are innocent?
Do you believe Tom is innocent?
Do you believe Tom's accusations against Mary?
Do you believe Tom?
Do you believe a man and a woman can have a friendship?
Do you believe a thing like that is possible?
Do you believe all that?
Do you believe all the things people are saying about Tom?
Do you believe art can bring people together?
Do you believe everyone can be a physician?
Do you believe everything Tom and Mary tell you?
Do you believe everything Tom said?
Do you believe everything Tom tells you?
Do you believe everything Yeonmi Park says about North Korea?
Do you believe everything that you hear?
Do you believe everything you hear?
Do you believe for a moment what he's telling you?
Do you believe ghosts exist?
Do you believe global warming is the result of human actions?
Do you believe good fences make good neighbors?
Do you believe he told the truth?
Do you believe her?
Do you believe him?
Do you believe his statement that he is innocent?
Do you believe his story?
Do you believe horoscopes?
Do you believe in Christianity?
Do you believe in ESP?
Do you believe in God, Ziri?
Do you believe in God, by the way?
Do you believe in God?
Do you believe in Islam?
Do you believe in Santa Claus?
Do you believe in Santa?
Do you believe in UFOs?
Do you believe in Zeus?
Do you believe in a god?
Do you believe in a higher power?
Do you believe in aliens?
Do you believe in angels?
Do you believe in any religion?
Do you believe in art as a form of protest?
Do you believe in astrology?
Do you believe in black magic?
Do you believe in coincidences?
Do you believe in continuous growth?
Do you believe in creative thinking?
Do you believe in curses?
Do you believe in destiny?
Do you believe in enlightenment?
Do you believe in eternal life after death?
Do you believe in eternal life?
Do you believe in evolution?
Do you believe in extrasensory perception?
Do you believe in extraterrestrials?
Do you believe in fairies?
Do you believe in fantasies and legends?
Do you believe in fate or that we make our own destiny?
Do you believe in fate?
Do you believe in free intellectual discourse?
Do you believe in ghosts?
Do you believe in guardian angels?
Do you believe in guiding stars?
Do you believe in horoscopes?
Do you believe in hylozoism?
Do you believe in instant attraction?
Do you believe in karma?
Do you believe in life after death?
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Do you believe in love at first sight? Because if you don't, I'll be happy to walk by again.
Do you believe in love at first sight? Because, if you don't, I assure you it's happening right now.
Do you believe in love?
Do you believe in luck?
Do you believe in magic?
Do you believe in me?
Do you believe in miracles?
Do you believe in miracles? You don't? But they believe in you.
Do you believe in monogamy?
Do you believe in natural aphrodisiacs?
Do you believe in omens?
Do you believe in our lord and savior, the Flying Spaghetti Monster?
Do you believe in our lord and saviour, the Flying Spaghetti Monster?
Do you believe in parallel universes?
Do you believe in paranormal stuff?
Do you believe in prophecy?
Do you believe in rebirth?
Do you believe in reincarnation?
Do you believe in second chances?
Do you believe in self-mastery?
Do you believe in some god?
Do you believe in soulmates?
Do you believe in spirits?
Do you believe in spiritual healing?
Do you believe in such things?
Do you believe in teamwork?
Do you believe in the Easter Bunny?
Do you believe in the Evil Eye?
Do you believe in the Great Pumpkin?
Do you believe in the Kinsey scale?
Do you believe in the Law of Attraction?
Do you believe in the afterlife?
Do you believe in the existence of God?
Do you believe in the existence of ghosts?
Do you believe in the one holy, catholic, and apostolic Church?
Do you believe in the possibility of life on Mars?
Do you believe in the power of imagination?
Do you believe in the power of love?
Do you believe in the power of positive thinking?
Do you believe in the sixth sense?
Do you believe in the spirit world?
Do you believe in the trinity?
Do you believe in true love?
Do you believe in unconditional love?
Do you believe in universal disarmament?
Do you believe in vampires?
Do you believe it at all?
Do you believe it now?
Do you believe it will ever change?
Do you believe it's true?
Do you believe it?
Do you believe language learning can enhance cognitive abilities? Why?
Do you believe long distance relationships can work?
Do you believe me if I say the truth?
Do you believe me now?
Do you believe me?
Do you believe most of what you read and see in the news?
Do you believe obesity is a disease?
Do you believe our destinies are controlled by the stars?
Do you believe people are inherently good?
Do you believe people can really change?
Do you believe she's the one who made it?
Do you believe that God exists?
Do you believe that God is one?
Do you believe that I have a chance to get that position?
Do you believe that I would ask what that means if I understood it?
Do you believe that Muhammad is the final messenger of God?
Do you believe that Tom and Mary were murdered?
Do you believe that Tom wants to go with Mary?
Do you believe that Tom was murdered?
Do you believe that aliens exist?
Do you believe that animals have souls?
Do you believe that elephants can contemplate life after death?
Do you believe that explanation?
Do you believe that good always triumphs over evil?
Do you believe that good fences make good neighbors?
Do you believe that happiness is the most important thing in life?
Do you believe that he is telling the truth?
Do you believe that he was murdered?
Do you believe that he would forgive me?
Do you believe that humans will colonize the Moon in the future?
Do you believe that it is easy?
Do you believe that it's easy?
Do you believe that people are capable of change?
Do you believe that people are inherently good?
Do you believe that rigid bureaucracies are controlling the world?
Do you believe that spirituality is important to us?
Do you believe that statement?
Do you believe that the universe began as a small ball of fire?
Do you believe that there is life after death?
Do you believe that there's a possibility Tom will do that?
Do you believe that there's a possibility that Tom will do that?
Do you believe that there's life after death?
Do you believe that they want to hear?
Do you believe that we aren't alone in the universe?
Do you believe that will be the case?
Do you believe that women have a sixth sense?
Do you believe that you are alone in the world?
Do you believe that you will get seven years of bad luck if you break a mirror?
Do you believe that?
Do you believe the legends?
Do you believe the witness's statement?
Do you believe the witness’s statement?
Do you believe them?
Do you believe there are ghosts?
Do you believe there is an afterlife?
Do you believe there's a possibility Tom will do that?
Do you believe there's a possibility that Tom will do that?
Do you believe there's life after death?
Do you believe these rumors?
Do you believe they were wrong?
Do you believe this has any use?
Do you believe this is true?
Do you believe this to be true?
Do you believe this?
Do you believe trust can be rebuilt after betrayal?
Do you believe trust can be rebuilt?
Do you believe us?
Do you believe war will start?
Do you believe we’ll find a solution soon?
Do you believe we’ll succeed this time?
Do you believe what Tom said?
Do you believe what Tom told us?
Do you believe what he said?
Do you believe what that bloke said?
Do you believe what you say?
Do you believe you can get there on your own?
Do you believe you can learn Berber?
Do you believe you can mock me and get away with it?
Do you believe you're really ugly?
Do you belong here?
Do you belong to a gym?
Do you belong to a political party?
Do you belong to an internet community?
Do you belong to any clubs?
Do you belong to the baseball club?
Do you bet on horses?
Do you bind books?
Do you blame Tom and me?
Do you blame Tom?
Do you blame her?
Do you blame him?
Do you blame me?
Do you blame them?
Do you blame us?
Do you blame yourself?
Do you blame yourselves?
Do you borrow books from this library?
Do you both know Tom?
Do you both speak German?
Do you both understand French?
Do you bowl?
Do you box?
Do you break your glasses?
Do you breastfeed or bottlefeed him?
Do you bring peace, or warfare?
Do you bring the food to the room?
Do you brush your teeth after every meal?
Do you burn dead leaves in your backyard?
Do you busy yourself about that?
Do you buy bottled water?
Do you buy greeting cards online?
Do you buy it?
Do you buy lots of magazines?
Do you buy organically grown vegetables?
Do you buy that explanation?
Do you by any chance have some aspirin?
Do you by any chance know if the chemist's on the corner is open?
Do you by any chance know where I could have left my keys?
Do you by any chance know where I might've left my keys?
Do you by any chance know where Tom is?
Do you by any chance like opera?
Do you by any chance speak Vietnamese?
Do you call pulling her hair being kind to her?
Do you call that a kiss?
Do you call this progress?
Do you call your parents regularly?
Do you call yourself Mike Jones?
Do you care about her?
Do you care about him?
Do you care about the environment?
Do you care about your privacy?
Do you care for classical music?
Do you care for pop songs?
Do you care for sweets?
Do you care how much it costs?
Do you care if the beans are cold?
Do you care if the soup is cold?
Do you care to hazard a guess?
Do you care what it was?
Do you care what kind of music we listen to?
Do you care what other people think about us?
Do you care what other people think about you?
Do you care what other people think?
Do you care what they think?
Do you care when we leave?
Do you care where we go?
Do you care who helps us?
Do you care?
Do you carry a weapon?
Do you carry any sportswear in a women's extra large?
Do you carry batteries?
Do you carry the stars within you?
Do you carry weapons?
Do you carry your ID?
Do you catch colds often?
Do you catch my drift?
Do you catch viruses every time one of your friends comes and puts his flash drive into your computer?
Do you celebrate Chinese New Year?
Do you celebrate Christmas as a converted to Islam?
Do you celebrate Christmas?
Do you celebrate Earth Day?
Do you celebrate Easter in Brazil?
Do you celebrate the Earth Day?
Do you celebrate your 50th birthday?
Do you celebrate your birthdays?
Do you challenge yourself to think differently?
Do you charge a commission?
Do you charge for delivery?
Do you charge separately for drinks?
Do you check your phone first thing in the morning?
Do you collaborate with other musicians?
Do you collect anything?
Do you collect artwork from local artists?
Do you collect coins?
Do you collect comics?
Do you collect something?
Do you collect stamps?
Do you collect vinyl records?
Do you come alone or accompanied?
Do you come as an ally or as an enemy?
Do you come back from Tibet?
Do you come from Austria or Australia?
Do you come from Beijing?
Do you come from Berlin?
Do you come from England?
Do you come from Finland?
Do you come from Moscow?
Do you come from New York?
Do you come from Tokyo?
Do you come from a big family?
Do you come from another planet?
Do you come here a lot?
Do you come here every day?
Do you come here every night?
Do you come here more than once a week?
Do you come here often?
Do you come to Australia more than once a year?
Do you come to Australia often?
Do you come to Boston more than once a year?
Do you come to Boston often?
Do you come to school by bicycle?
Do you come to school by bus?
Do you come to this restaurant often?
Do you come?
Do you communicate with Tom?
Do you commute to school by bus?
Do you complain of declining memory?
Do you compost?
Do you concur?
Do you confirm or do you deny it?
Do you confuse the word "Austronesian" with "Australoid"?
Do you consider Tom a friend?
Do you consider a tornado an anomaly of nature?
Do you consider hang gliding dangerous?
Do you consider homosexuality as a sin?
Do you consider me your brother?
Do you consider that your language is endangered?
Do you consider them dangerous?
Do you consider this a dangerous job?
Do you consider this information to be believable?
Do you consider this one of your best paintings?
Do you consider this your best work?
Do you consider yourself a creative person?
Do you consider yourself a environmentalist?
Do you consider yourself a feminist?
Do you consider yourself a fluent French speaker?
Do you consider yourself a frugal person?
Do you consider yourself a good driver?
Do you consider yourself a good guitarist?
Do you consider yourself a happy person?
Do you consider yourself a lucky person?
Do you consider yourself a patriot?
Do you consider yourself a religious person?
Do you consider yourself a smart person?
Do you consider yourself an adult?
Do you consider yourself an adventurous person?
Do you consider yourself an artist?
Do you consider yourself an athlete?
Do you consider yourself an attentive person?
Do you consider yourself an easygoing person?
Do you consider yourself an empathetic person?
Do you consider yourself an expert?
Do you consider yourself an extrovert?
Do you consider yourself an honest person?
Do you consider yourself an intellectual?
Do you consider yourself an introvert?
Do you consider yourself an unlucky person?
Do you consider yourself as a dangerous guy?
Do you consider yourself beautiful?
Do you consider yourself black?
Do you consider yourself fluent in French?
Do you consider yourself good-looking?
Do you consider yourself hardworking?
Do you consider yourself lucky?
Do you consider yourself outgoing?
Do you consider yourself overweight?
Do you consider yourself patriotic?
Do you consider yourself religious?
Do you consider yourself shy?
Do you consider yourself talkative?
Do you consider yourself to be a generous person?
Do you consider yourself to be a lucky person?
Do you consider yourself to be overweight?
Do you consider yourself wise, Caty?
Do you consider yourself young?
Do you consider yourselves fluent French speakers?
Do you consider yourselves friends?
Do you consider yourselves good drivers?
Do you consider yourselves lucky?
Do you consider yourselves religious?
Do you consort with Proud Boys regularly, or did you just happen upon them?
Do you consort with neo-Nazis regularly, or did you just happen upon them?
Do you consume liquor?
Do you continue to like me, even knowing the real me?
Do you contract "want to" into "wanna"?
Do you cook by gas or electricity?
Do you cook halal food?
Do you cook just for yourself?
Do you cook using gas or electricity?
Do you cook, too?
Do you copy from somewhere or do you make up everything you draw?
Do you copy?
Do you copy? Over.
Do you cosplay?
Do you create art for social change?
Do you create playlists for every mood?
Do you create your own music videos?
Do you cross that bridge every day?
Do you cross the river every day?
Do you cry a lot?
Do you cry and throw a fit until you get your own way? Who hasn't? Come on...
Do you cry often?
Do you currently take any medication prescribed to you by a psychiatrist?
Do you cycle wearing a helmet?
Do you dance?
Do you dare or not?
Do you dare to ask him that?
Do you dare to confront Tom?
Do you dare to contradict me?
Do you date younger men?
Do you defend Islam?
Do you deliver on Sundays?
Do you deliver?
Do you deny it?
Do you deny that you have done this?
Do you deny that you went there?
Do you deny that?
Do you desire to surprise your loved one tonight?
Do you dig it?
Do you disagree with that?
Do you disagree?
Do you disobey me?
Do you do Berber lessons?
Do you do a lot of things with your children?
Do you do a lot of things with your kids?
Do you do a lot of traveling?
Do you do a lot with your children?
Do you do a lot with your kids?
Do you do any cooking yourself?
Do you do any programming yourself?
Do you do any sport?
Do you do any volunteer work?
Do you do any volunteering yourself?
Do you do anything else?
Do you do at least 60 minutes of exercise a day?
Do you do dangerous work?
Do you do double-entry accounting or traditional governmental accounting?
Do you do drugs?
Do you do everything Tom tells you to?
Do you do it as a pro?
Do you do it regularly?
Do you do sports?
Do you do subtitles in Esperanto?
Do you do tarot card readings?
Do you do that a lot?
Do you do that every Monday?
Do you do that every day?
Do you do that every morning?
Do you do that more than once a week?
Do you do that often?
Do you do that on Mondays?
Do you do that very often?
Do you do that?
Do you do the same with your children?
Do you do the same with your kids?
Do you do this all the time?
Do you do this every day?
Do you do this in Algeria?
Do you do this often?
Do you do yoga?
Do you do your homework in the evenings?
Do you do your homework while watching TV?
Do you do your own laundry?
Do you do your own taxes?
Do you do your wash?
Do you doubt I can do that?
Do you doubt Tom will win?
Do you doubt he'll win?
Do you doubt him?
Do you doubt it?
Do you doubt me?
Do you doubt that I can do that?
Do you doubt that Tom will win?
Do you doubt that he will win?
Do you doubt that it's a good idea?
Do you doubt that this is a good idea?
Do you doubt the authenticity of the Quran?
Do you doubt the divinity of Tom Jackson?
Do you dream about me?
Do you dream in Berber?
Do you dream in English?
Do you dream in French?
Do you dream of having a furry friend?
Do you dream of lying under the sun, too?
Do you dress fashionably?
Do you drink a lot of beer?
Do you drink a lot of coffee?
Do you drink a lot of milk?
Do you drink a lot of tea?
Do you drink a lot of wine?
Do you drink alcohol every day?
Do you drink alcohol regularly?
Do you drink alcohol?
Do you drink barley tea?
Do you drink beer or wine?
Do you drink beer?
Do you drink black coffee?
Do you drink black tea?
Do you drink coffee every day?
Do you drink coffee every morning?
Do you drink coffee or tea?
Do you drink coffee with condensed milk or without?
Do you drink coffee with milk or without?
Do you drink coffee with milk?
Do you drink coffee with sugar or without?
Do you drink coffee?
Do you drink coffee? If so, how many cups of coffee do you drink every day?
Do you drink coffee? If so, how often do you drink it?
Do you drink cow's milk?
Do you drink diet soda?
Do you drink enough water?
Do you drink green tea often?
Do you drink green tea?
Do you drink iced water?
Do you drink milk every day?
Do you drink milk?
Do you drink mineral water with ice cubes?
Do you drink much tea?
Do you drink rum and Coke?
Do you drink soy milk?
Do you drink sparkling water?
Do you drink tea every day?
Do you drink tea or coffee?
Do you drink tea?
Do you drink water?
Do you drink wheat tea?
Do you drink whiskey?
Do you drink wine?
Do you drink, Tom?
Do you drink?
Do you drive a hybrid car?
Do you drive a manual or automatic?
Do you drive to work?
Do you drive?
Do you dye your hair?
Do you earn as much as your colleagues?
Do you eat a lot of beef?
Do you eat a lot of bread?
Do you eat a lot of fish?
Do you eat a lot of fruit?
Do you eat a lot of meat?
Do you eat a lot of mushrooms?
Do you eat a lot of seafood?
Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Do you eat a lot?
Do you eat any snacks?
Do you eat apples with the skin on?
Do you eat apples with the skin?
Do you eat apples?
Do you eat at home or do you eat out?
Do you eat at home or eat out?
Do you eat at home?
Do you eat beef?
Do you eat bell peppers?
Do you eat bread during lunch?
Do you eat bread every day?
Do you eat breakfast at home?
Do you eat breakfast every day?
Do you eat chili, Juan?
Do you eat chilies?
Do you eat couscous?
Do you eat eggs?
Do you eat enchiladas?
Do you eat fig jam?
Do you eat fish?
Do you eat fried eggs?
Do you eat here?
Do you eat in the classroom?
Do you eat in the living room?
Do you eat it in the classroom?
Do you eat it with a spoon or a fork?
Do you eat like the Italians?
Do you eat lunch at school?
Do you eat lunch at your desk?
Do you eat lunch in the classroom?
Do you eat meat every day?
Do you eat meat or are you a vegetarian?
Do you eat meat?
Do you eat octopus?
Do you eat oranges?
Do you eat out a lot?
Do you eat out more than once a week?
Do you eat out often?
Do you eat pasta?
Do you eat pepper?
Do you eat pizza?
Do you eat pork?
Do you eat rice every day?
Do you eat rice in your country?
Do you eat rice?
Do you eat salad?
Do you eat salads?
Do you eat seaweed in your country?
Do you eat spaghetti by twirling it around your fork?
Do you eat that?
Do you eat three square meals a day?
Do you eat veal?
Do you eat vegetables every day?
Do you eat watermelon?
Do you eat watermelons?
Do you eat well?
Do you embrace creative risk-taking?
Do you embrace new challenges?
Do you encourage others to create art?
Do you encourage others to dream?
Do you encourage others to grow?
Do you enjoy Mary's company?
Do you enjoy Tom's company?
Do you enjoy being mean to everyone?
Do you enjoy being mean to people?
Do you enjoy being unkind to everyone?
Do you enjoy being unkind to people?
Do you enjoy being with Tom?
Do you enjoy bird watching?
Do you enjoy black humour?
Do you enjoy bowling?
Do you enjoy buying clothes?
Do you enjoy coffee?
Do you enjoy combining kissing with sexual moments?
Do you enjoy comedy TV shows?
Do you enjoy cooking?
Do you enjoy crafting?
Do you enjoy dancing?
Do you enjoy doing that?
Do you enjoy doing this?
Do you enjoy expressing yourself creatively?
Do you enjoy facing challenges?
Do you enjoy feeling nostalgia?
Do you enjoy fishing?
Do you enjoy going on picnics?
Do you enjoy going to museums?
Do you enjoy going to parks?
Do you enjoy going to school?
Do you enjoy going to the beach?
Do you enjoy going to the theatre?
Do you enjoy healthy competition?
Do you enjoy helping others?
Do you enjoy hiking in the mountains?
Do you enjoy historical fiction?
Do you enjoy it?
Do you enjoy kissing during sex?
Do you enjoy learning new things?
Do you enjoy learning?
Do you enjoy listening to classical music?
Do you enjoy live concerts?
Do you enjoy living dangerously?
Do you enjoy living in this apartment?
Do you enjoy living like that?
Do you enjoy living like this?
Do you enjoy living there?
Do you enjoy losing?
Do you enjoy making me feeling like the dead?
Do you enjoy mystery novels?
Do you enjoy old movies?
Do you enjoy playing cards with your brother?
Do you enjoy playing games with the children?
Do you enjoy playing games?
Do you enjoy playing mahjong?
Do you enjoy playing sports?
Do you enjoy plays, films and such?
Do you enjoy plays, films, and such?
Do you enjoy problem-solving?
Do you enjoy reading books in French?
Do you enjoy seeing people blush?
Do you enjoy sharing your artistic process?
Do you enjoy shopping for clothes?
Do you enjoy shopping?
Do you enjoy singing Christmas songs?
Do you enjoy spending time at work with your colleagues?
Do you enjoy spending time with kids?
Do you enjoy studying French?
Do you enjoy studying?
Do you enjoy talking about sports?
Do you enjoy talking?
Do you enjoy teaching French?
Do you enjoy testing new ideas?
Do you enjoy the cuisine of your country?
Do you enjoy the same kind of music as your father?
Do you enjoy the tranquility of the forest?
Do you enjoy the work?
Do you enjoy traveling?
Do you enjoy trying new foods?
Do you enjoy visiting art galleries?
Do you enjoy visiting museums?
Do you enjoy walking barefoot on the beach?
Do you enjoy walking barefoot on the sand?
Do you enjoy walking on the beach?
Do you enjoy watching baseball?
Do you enjoy watching films?
Do you enjoy watching horror movies?
Do you enjoy watching horse races?
Do you enjoy watching me pleasure myself?
Do you enjoy watching movies with the children?
Do you enjoy watching movies?
Do you enjoy watching old movies?
Do you enjoy watching sports on TV?
Do you enjoy watching sports?
Do you enjoy watching the zookeepers feed the animals?
Do you enjoy what you are doing?
Do you enjoy what you do?
Do you enjoy working from home?
Do you enjoy working here?
Do you enjoy working in teams?
Do you enjoy working on challenging tasks?
Do you enjoy working with Tom?
Do you enjoy working with other people?
Do you enjoy writing your own songs?
Do you enjoy your classes at school?
Do you enjoy your classes?
Do you enjoy your job?
Do you enjoy your vocational field?
Do you enjoy your work?
Do you envy your neighbors?
Do you even believe what you're saying?
Do you even care?
Do you even have a boyfriend?
Do you even have a girlfriend?
Do you even have balls?
Do you even have sex?
Do you even know anything about world history?
Do you even know how to read a map? Give that here.
Do you even know how to read maps? Give that here.
Do you even know how to smell the flowers?
Do you even know what ironic means?
Do you even know what kind of danger it represents?
Do you even know what sexism means?
Do you even know what that is?
Do you even know what this is?
Do you even know what trigonometry is?
Do you even know what you're saying?
Do you even know where the school is?
Do you even know who Tom and Mary are?
Do you even know who Tom is?
Do you even know who he is?
Do you even know who she is?
Do you even know who that is?
Do you even know who you're talking to?
Do you even know whose daughter I am?
Do you even know whose son I am?
Do you even lift?
Do you even like me?
Do you even read the news?
Do you even recall me?
Do you even remember Tom?
Do you even remember her?
Do you even remember him?
Do you even remember me?
Do you even remember them?
Do you even remember us?
Do you even skate? Come on, do a kickflip!
Do you even think I care about Ziri?
Do you even translate, bro?
Do you even want to go anymore?
Do you ever actually do any work?
Do you ever argue with Tom?
Do you ever buy clothes online?
Do you ever buy lottery tickets?
Do you ever buy raffle tickets?
Do you ever buy secondhand clothes?
Do you ever call Tom?
Do you ever call her?
Do you ever call him?
Do you ever call them?
Do you ever come home at the end of the workday in a similar state?
Do you ever come to Australia on business?
Do you ever come to Boston on business?
Do you ever cook dinner?
Do you ever cook?
Do you ever date her?
Do you ever do that when you're in Australia?
Do you ever do that when you're in Boston?
Do you ever do that with Tom?
Do you ever do that?
Do you ever do your homework?
Do you ever doodle on a piece of paper when you're bored?
Do you ever dream about flying through the sky?
Do you ever dream in French?
Do you ever drink hot tea in the summer?
Do you ever drive to school?
Do you ever drive to work?
Do you ever eat lunch with Tom?
Do you ever eat rice for breakfast?
Do you ever eat rice with a spoon?
Do you ever eat while you're driving?
Do you ever feed bread to your cats?
Do you ever feed stray dogs?
Do you ever feel I'm breaking down?
Do you ever feel guilty?
Do you ever feel like a sad panda?
Do you ever feel like you're running down?
Do you ever feel like you’re running down?
Do you ever feel your legs twitch whilst you are sleeping? It wakes me up frequently.
Do you ever fight with Tom?
Do you ever get a headache?
Do you ever get carsick?
Do you ever get dizzy?
Do you ever get hungry?
Do you ever get lonely out here, all by yourself?
Do you ever get lonely?
Do you ever get mad at Tom?
Do you ever get scared?
Do you ever get sleepy in class?
Do you ever get the feeling that your sentences have been going largely unnoticed?
Do you ever get tired of being right all the time?
Do you ever get told that you look like someone else?
Do you ever get told you look like someone else?
Do you ever give Tom money?
Do you ever go back to Boston?
Do you ever go bowling on Mondays?
Do you ever go fishing in that creek?
Do you ever go hiking with Tom?
Do you ever go running?
Do you ever go sailing with Tom?
Do you ever go shopping with Tom?
Do you ever go skiing with Tom?
Do you ever go surfing with Tom?
Do you ever go swimming with Tom?
Do you ever go swimming?
Do you ever go there?
Do you ever go to Australia?
Do you ever go to Boston?
Do you ever go to the beach with Tom?
Do you ever happen to nibble between meals?
Do you ever happen to snack between meals?
Do you ever have a fever?
Do you ever have involuntary urination?
Do you ever have nightmares?
Do you ever have to work at night?
Do you ever have to work on Sundays?
Do you ever hear anything about Misako?
Do you ever hear from Tom?
Do you ever help Tom with his homework?
Do you ever just look back at your past and cringe at the stuff you used to do?
Do you ever just want to cry your eyes out after watching a sad movie?
Do you ever kiss your wife in public?
Do you ever laugh?
Do you ever let your children help you cook?
Do you ever listen to English programs on the air?
Do you ever plan to come back to Australia?
Do you ever play chess online?
Do you ever play tennis with Tom?
Do you ever read tabloids?
Do you ever rest?
Do you ever ride a bicycle to school?
Do you ever ride a bicycle?
Do you ever ride your bicycle to school?
Do you ever ride your bicycle to work?
Do you ever see Lucy?
Do you ever see Tom when you're in Australia?
Do you ever see Tom when you're in Boston?
Do you ever see foxes around here?
Do you ever see wolves around here?
Do you ever see yourself as part of a bigger picture?
Do you ever skip class?
Do you ever sleep, Tom?
Do you ever sleep?
Do you ever speak French with your parents?
Do you ever speak French?
Do you ever speak to each other in French?
Do you ever stay home?
Do you ever stay out until after midnight?
Do you ever study in the library?
Do you ever swear in French?
Do you ever swim alone?
Do you ever swim by yourself?
Do you ever take an afternoon nap?
Do you ever take sleeping pills?
Do you ever take vitamin pills?
Do you ever take walks with Tom?
Do you ever take your work home with you?
Do you ever talk to Tom?
Do you ever talk to her?
Do you ever talk to him?
Do you ever talk to them?
Do you ever teach?
Do you ever tell Tom what to do?
Do you ever think about Tom?
Do you ever think about anyone else?
Do you ever think about death?
Do you ever think about her?
Do you ever think about him?
Do you ever think about it?
Do you ever think about me?
Do you ever think about retiring?
Do you ever think about that girl?
Do you ever think about that guy?
Do you ever think about that?
Do you ever think about the meaning of life?
Do you ever think about the time we spent together when we were kids?
Do you ever think about them?
Do you ever think about us?
Do you ever think before you open your big mouth?
Do you ever think of me?
Do you ever use cinnamon in your cooking?
Do you ever use those roller skates that I gave you?
Do you ever visit Australia?
Do you ever visit Boston?
Do you ever visit during the week?
Do you ever walk to work?
Do you ever wash the dishes?
Do you ever watch movies in French?
Do you ever wear a bow tie?
Do you ever wear a hat?
Do you ever wear a tie?
Do you ever wear a vest?
Do you ever wear earmuffs?
Do you ever wear earrings?
Do you ever wear flip flops?
Do you ever wear jeans to school?
Do you ever wear mittens?
Do you ever wear short pants?
Do you ever wish you could experience something 'for the first time' again?
Do you ever wonder if we're trapped in this reality by an evil being masquerading as God?
Do you ever wonder what could’ve been?
Do you ever wonder why we're here?
Do you ever wonder why?
Do you ever work on Sundays?
Do you ever work on weekends?
Do you ever worry about getting caught?
Do you ever worry about leaving Tatoeba?
Do you ever worry about the risk?
Do you ever write letters in French?
Do you exercise every day?
Do you exercise regularly?
Do you exist?
Do you expect Tom to be late?
Do you expect Tom to do that today?
Do you expect Tom to do that?
Do you expect Tom to win?
Do you expect a backlash?
Do you expect anything to come of it?
Do you expect me to believe that you did this by yourself?
Do you expect me to believe that you did this on your own?
Do you expect me to believe that you did this without any help?
Do you expect me to believe that?
Do you expect me to believe you did this by yourself?
Do you expect me to believe you did this on your own?
Do you expect me to believe you did this without any help?
Do you expect me to believe you?
Do you expect me to do all the work around here while you just relax?
Do you expect me to do that today?
Do you expect me to do that without your help?
Do you expect me to drive?
Do you expect me to eat this kind of garbage?
Do you expect me to help you?
Do you expect me to lie for you?
Do you expect me to lie?
Do you expect me to pay?
Do you expect the bank to go under?
Do you expect the decline of the leadership of the United States to the world?
Do you expect to buy a new printer?
Do you expect us to believe that?
Do you experiment with different art forms?
Do you fake your orgasms with me?
Do you fake your orgasms?
Do you fancy a bite to eat?
Do you fancy a brew?
Do you fancy a cup of coffee?
Do you fancy a cup of tea?
Do you fancy a drink?
Do you fancy a game of cards?
Do you fancy a walk before bed?
Do you fancy a walk on the beach in the moonlight?
Do you fancy anyone?
Do you fancy doing something?
Do you fancy getting a coffee with me?
Do you fancy going for a bike ride?
Do you fancy going for a walk on the beach in the moonlight?
Do you fancy going for a walk?
Do you fancy going for something to eat?
Do you fancy going swimming with us this afternoon?
Do you fancy going to the cinema tomorrow night?
Do you fancy going to the cinema tonight?
Do you fancy going to the cinema?
Do you fancy having dinner with me?
Do you fancy it is all right?
Do you fancy me?
Do you fancy seeing a film?
Do you fancy some scrambled egg?
Do you fart?
Do you fast?
Do you fear a national bankruptcy of Greece?
Do you feel God's ubiquity?
Do you feel OK today?
Do you feel OK?
Do you feel a little better, Ziri?
Do you feel a little better?
Do you feel a lot of pressure?
Do you feel all right today?
Do you feel all right?
Do you feel any attraction for this book?
Do you feel any better today?
Do you feel any better?
Do you feel any different?
Do you feel any pain in your stomach?
Do you feel any pain?
Do you feel anything unnatural when you put your teeth together?
Do you feel anything?
Do you feel at home anywhere?
Do you feel at home in your flat?
Do you feel awkward?
Do you feel bad if you haven't gotten any work done by the end of the day?
Do you feel bad?
Do you feel better now?
Do you feel better today?
Do you feel better?
Do you feel birthdays are important?
Do you feel bored?
Do you feel comfortable around those things?
Do you feel comfortable in your apartment?
Do you feel comfortable in your skin?
Do you feel comfortable with the way that your body looks?
Do you feel competent about us presenting our argument in English?
Do you feel connected to the traditions of your country?
Do you feel cosy?
Do you feel crazy?
Do you feel dizzy?
Do you feel embarrassed to speak Berber?
Do you feel equal to meeting your ex-husband?
Do you feel exhausted?
Do you feel frustrated because your Berber speech is unclear?
Do you feel giving gifts is important?
Do you feel good in you own skin?
Do you feel guilty about Tom?
Do you feel guilty about it?
Do you feel guilty?
Do you feel happy about first dates or do they stress you out?
Do you feel happy?
Do you feel hot?
Do you feel hungry?
Do you feel ill?
Do you feel ill? Do you need to be sick?
Do you feel it, too?
Do you feel it?
Do you feel light-headed?
Do you feel like a cup of coffee?
Do you feel like a drink?
Do you feel like a piña colada?
Do you feel like answering to my question?
Do you feel like bowling now?
Do you feel like dancing?
Do you feel like doing anything?
Do you feel like doing something?
Do you feel like doing that now?
Do you feel like doing that today?
Do you feel like eating now?
Do you feel like eating something?
Do you feel like eating?
Do you feel like going for a swim in the creek later?
Do you feel like going for a walk before bed?
Do you feel like going for a walk?
Do you feel like going for something to eat?
Do you feel like going out for a drive in the country over the weekend?
Do you feel like going out for a walk?
Do you feel like going out? Well you can't; you always have to stay here with the child.
Do you feel like going out? Well you can’t; you always have to stay here with the child.
Do you feel like going skiing?
Do you feel like going swimming?
Do you feel like going to a concert?
Do you feel like going to the cinema?
Do you feel like going to the theater?
Do you feel like having a bite to eat?
Do you feel like having a drink?
Do you feel like having a snack?
Do you feel like having lunch with me?
Do you feel like it fits you?
Do you feel like playing tennis this afternoon?
Do you feel like porridge this morning?
Do you feel like resting?
Do you feel like taking a walk?
Do you feel like talking about it?
Do you feel like watching a movie?
Do you feel like you are going to throw up?
Do you feel like you can't connect with other people?
Do you feel like you cannot connect with other people?
Do you feel like you have a fever?
Do you feel like you have any racing thoughts that you cannot get rid of?
Do you feel like you want to hurt yourself now?
Do you feel like you're in control?
Do you feel like you're in danger?
Do you feel like you're living in a nightmare?
Do you feel like your future is hopeless?
Do you feel lonely?
Do you feel lucky to be alive?
Do you feel lucky?
Do you feel micromanaged?
Do you feel more encouraged now?
Do you feel my pain?
Do you feel nauseous?
Do you feel nervous in the office today?
Do you feel nervous when you travel by bus?
Do you feel nervous?
Do you feel okay today?
Do you feel old?
Do you feel optimistic about tomorrow?
Do you feel overwhelmed?
Do you feel pain in any other part of your body?
Do you feel pain when you do that?
Do you feel peaceful when you're in the forest?
Do you feel prepared for college after graduating from school?
Do you feel prepared?
Do you feel proud of your country?
Do you feel psychologically safe?
Do you feel refreshed?
Do you feel relaxed when you're at the beach?
Do you feel resentment towards your parents?
Do you feel responsible?
Do you feel safe at home?
Do you feel safe here?
Do you feel safe in Algeria?
Do you feel safe in Australia?
Do you feel safe in Boston?
Do you feel safe in downtown Boston?
Do you feel safe in this apartment building?
Do you feel safe in your house?
Do you feel safe walking in Boston after dark?
Do you feel safe?
Do you feel secure about the future?
Do you feel seedy?
Do you feel self-conscious about being a nuisance to those around you?
Do you feel sick?
Do you feel sorry for Tom yet?
Do you feel sorry for Tom?
Do you feel sorry for Yuri?
Do you feel stressed?
Do you feel that doing this is worthwhile?
Do you feel that love can strike you at first glance?
Do you feel that the media presents the news fairly?
Do you feel that this lawsuit is frivolous?
Do you feel that way?
Do you feel the difference now?
Do you feel the same way I feel?
Do you feel the same way about that as Tom does?
Do you feel the same way that I do about this?
Do you feel the same way that I do?
Do you feel the same way?
Do you feel the urge to urinate more frequently?
Do you feel the way I feel?
Do you feel threatened by the traffic lights?
Do you feel threatened?
Do you feel tired?
Do you feel too cold?
Do you feel too tired?
Do you feel too warm?
Do you feel unappreciated?
Do you feel unbeatable?
Do you feel uncomfortable with that?
Do you feel under pressure at all?
Do you feel uneasy about your body?
Do you feel unwell?
Do you feel up for a game of chess?
Do you feel up to a chat?
Do you feel up to it?
Do you feel very weak?
Do you feel we're pushing you too hard?
Do you feel well or unwell?
Do you feel well?
Do you feel you can't connect with other people?
Do you feel you're a woman in a man's body?
Do you feel young?
Do you feel your life is in jeopardy?
Do you feel yucky every morning?
Do you fight with your family?
Do you figure there's any reason to make a vocabulary book?
Do you finally understand?
Do you find French difficult?
Do you find Mary attractive?
Do you find any reasons!
Do you find first dates enjoyable or do they overwhelm you?
Do you find her attractive?
Do you find her cute?
Do you find her pretty?
Do you find him attractive?
Do you find him cute?
Do you find him pretty?
Do you find inspiration in challenges?
Do you find inspiration in nature?
Do you find it difficult to adapt to new situations?
Do you find it easier to learn languages that belong to the same language family?
Do you find it easier to learn languages that share a similar alphabet?
Do you find it easy to deal with the people you meet in the course of your work?
Do you find it exciting to watch me?
Do you find it expensive or cheap?
Do you find it funny that I feel this way?
Do you find it risible?
Do you find it rude when someone corrects your grammar?
Do you find joy in discovery?
Do you find joy in making music?
Do you find kissing appealing during sexual activity?
Do you find me a cool guy?
Do you find me attractive?
Do you find me extroverted?
Do you find me pretty?
Do you find me repulsive?
Do you find me unattractive?
Do you find music therapeutic?
Do you find my class funny?
Do you find peace in the night?
Do you find that amusing?
Do you find that annoying?
Do you find that funny?
Do you find that interesting?
Do you find that mattress comfortable enough?
Do you find that strange?
Do you find that washing machine easy to use?
Do you find that your mood changes frequently in short periods of time?
Do you find the Swedish language easy?
Do you find the work too hard?
Do you find this color pretty?
Do you find this interesting to translate?
Do you find this woman attractive?
Do you find value in lifelong learning?
Do you find yourself wanting a pet?
Do you fish?
Do you fly aircraft?
Do you fly frequently?
Do you focus on progress or perfection?
Do you focus on solutions, not problems?
Do you focus on your strengths?
Do you folks need anything?
Do you follow advice from others?
Do you follow any other sport?
Do you follow any special diet?
Do you follow any sports?
Do you follow me?
Do you follow the latest music trends?
Do you follow the light of the stars?
Do you follow the rhythm of the waves?
Do you follow your dreams?
Do you follow?
Do you foresee any changes?
Do you forgive me?
Do you frequent any clubs?
Do you frequently get colds?
Do you gals speak Ladino?
Do you gamble?
Do you garden?
Do you genuinely want to know?
Do you get a Christmas bonus?
Do you get a haircut often?
Do you get a kick out of hitting other people? Instead, channel your energy into learning from others.
Do you get a lot of rain here?
Do you get a lot of rain in October?
Do you get a lot of snow here in the winter?
Do you get a lot of snow here?
Do you get a lot of snow in Boston?
Do you get a lot of snow?
Do you get along well with Tom?
Do you get along well with your family?
Do you get along well with your mother-in-law?
Do you get along well with your new classmates?
Do you get along with Susan?
Do you get along with Tom?
Do you get along with other players?
Do you get along with your boss?
Do you get along with your brother and sister?
Do you get along with your brother?
Do you get along with your brothers and sisters?
Do you get along with your brothers?
Do you get along with your colleagues at work?
Do you get along with your coworkers?
Do you get along with your neighbors?
Do you get along with your siblings?
Do you get along with your sister?
Do you get along with your sisters?
Do you get annoyed when the people close to you complain about their problems?
Do you get earaches often?
Do you get enough exercise?
Do you get enough sleep?
Do you get heartburn after eating certain foods?
Do you get it now, or should I explain it again?
Do you get it now?
Do you get it now? Or should I explain it again?
Do you get it?
Do you get many visitors?
Do you get me?
Do you get me? Understand? Dig? Are you hip?
Do you get money for doing this?
Do you get much rain here in October?
Do you get much rain here in the winter?
Do you get much rain here?
Do you get much snow here?
Do you get much snow in Boston?
Do you get much snow in the winter?
Do you get my drift?
Do you get my point?
Do you get nervous if you have to speak in front of many people?
Do you get nervous on stage?
Do you get nervous when someone asks you a question in English?
Do you get nightmares?
Do you get on well with each other?
Do you get on well with other people?
Do you get on well with your brother?
Do you get on well with your neighbours?
Do you get on well?
Do you get on with each other?
Do you get on with your friends?
Do you get paid enough?
Do you get paid for being such an asshole?
Do you get paid for this?
Do you get paid to do that?
Do you get paid well?
Do you get penguins in the Arctic?
Do you get seasick or airsick?
Do you get short of breath easily when walking?
Do you get sick often?
Do you get the feeling that you're causing trouble for those around you?
Do you get the idea?
Do you get the impression that all of our politicians are too old?
Do you get the paper?
Do you get this scheme?
Do you get to Australia very often?
Do you get to Boston very often?
Do you get to travel often?
Do you get up at six?
Do you get up early in the morning?
Do you get up early?
Do you get visitors often?
Do you get what I'm hinting at?
Do you get what I'm saying?
Do you get what he's saying?
Do you get your boss a Christmas gift?
Do you girls go to Mouloud Mammeri University in Tizi Ouzou?
Do you girls have the Berber keyboard on your computers?
Do you girls have the Berber keyboard on your phones?
Do you girls need some help?
Do you give dawah to your parents?
Do you give lessons?
Do you give patients a sponge bath every day?
Do you give to charity?
Do you give your boss a Christmas gift?
Do you give your consent to the operation?
Do you go Christmas caroling every year?
Do you go by any other names?
Do you go by bus, by train, or by subway?
Do you go by foot or by bus?
Do you go by train or by car?
Do you go by train or car?
Do you go dancing a lot?
Do you go downtown often?
Do you go fishing in lakes?
Do you go fishing on the lakes?
Do you go fishing?
Do you go hunting a lot?
Do you go in for sports?
Do you go jogging every day?
Do you go jogging every morning?
Do you go often?
Do you go out a lot?
Do you go out often?
Do you go running daily?
Do you go running every day?
Do you go shopping at the weekend?
Do you go shopping every day?
Do you go shopping every week?
Do you go sometimes abroad for vacation?
Do you go swimming in the winter?
Do you go swimming often?
Do you go there by bus or by car?
Do you go there by bus, train or the metro?
Do you go there often?
Do you go through red lights?
Do you go to Australia often?
Do you go to Boston often?
Do you go to Munich often?
Do you go to Tizi Ouzou University?
Do you go to a private school?
Do you go to an academy?
Do you go to an elementary school?
Do you go to any church?
Do you go to bars often?
Do you go to bed when the sun rises?
Do you go to church every Sunday?
Do you go to church every week?
Do you go to church on Christmas Day?
Do you go to church on Christmas day?
Do you go to church?
Do you go to college?
Do you go to school by bus on a rainy day?
Do you go to school by bus on rainy days?
Do you go to school by bus or by train?
Do you go to school by bus?
Do you go to school by train?
Do you go to school on Mondays?
Do you go to school on Saturday?
Do you go to school on Saturdays?
Do you go to school on Sundays?
Do you go to school on foot every day?
Do you go to school on foot or by bicycle?
Do you go to school on foot?
Do you go to school?
Do you go to the gym?
Do you go to the library often?
Do you go to the movies often?
Do you go to the museum often?
Do you go to the pool often?
Do you go to the post office often?
Do you go to the same school as Tom?
Do you go to the supermarket often?
Do you go to university?
Do you go trick-or-treating on Halloween?
Do you go with us?
Do you google your symptoms to reach a diagnosis?
Do you grammar check your work?
Do you grow pumpkins?
Do you grow rice, too?
Do you grow tomatoes in your garden?
Do you grow your own potatoes? You are an incredible guy! Bernie Sanders would be proud of you.
Do you guys do it regularly?
Do you guys drink beer?
Do you guys drink coffee?
Do you guys ever do that?
Do you guys ever eat together?
Do you guys ever fight?
Do you guys feel exhausted?
Do you guys feel it?
Do you guys feel like staying home alone?
Do you guys fight a lot?
Do you guys get along OK?
Do you guys get along?
Do you guys go to Mouloud Mammeri University in Tizi Ouzou?
Do you guys go to the same school?
Do you guys have a car?
Do you guys have a hotel?
Do you guys have a knife?
Do you guys have a wool hat?
Do you guys have any big plans tonight?
Do you guys have any more milk?
Do you guys have any real coffee?
Do you guys have crabs?
Do you guys have something to do with that?
Do you guys have tattoos?
Do you guys have the Berber keyboard on your computers?
Do you guys have the Berber keyboard on your phones?
Do you guys have the photos from Boston?
Do you guys have the photos of Boston?
Do you guys hear that?
Do you guys intend to go to the movies today?
Do you guys know Tom?
Do you guys know each other?
Do you guys know her?
Do you guys know him?
Do you guys know if Tom knows Galician?
Do you guys know my father?
Do you guys know them?
Do you guys know this?
Do you guys know who Tom and Mary are?
Do you guys know who Tom is?
Do you guys know why I've come to you?
Do you guys like Japanese food?
Do you guys like Tom?
Do you guys like horses?
Do you guys like white wine?
Do you guys like writing?
Do you guys live in Baghdad?
Do you guys live in Djibouti?
Do you guys live in Norway?
Do you guys mind sharing a room?
Do you guys need a hotel?
Do you guys need a lift?
Do you guys need a plane?
Do you guys need a ride?
Do you guys need anything else?
Do you guys need anything?
Do you guys need some help?
Do you guys not have phones?
Do you guys not like my couch?
Do you guys not like my sofa?
Do you guys play on the same team?
Do you guys play soccer?
Do you guys really not see that?
Do you guys really not see this?
Do you guys remember Tom?
Do you guys see anything?
Do you guys see something?
Do you guys smell something?
Do you guys smoke weed?
Do you guys smoke?
Do you guys speak Albanian?
Do you guys speak Estonian?
Do you guys speak French?
Do you guys speak Ladino?
Do you guys speak Lithuanian?
Do you guys still keep in touch?
Do you guys think I'm crazy?
Do you guys think I'm fat?
Do you guys think she'd go out with me?
Do you guys understand me?
Do you guys understand the difference?
Do you guys understand?
Do you guys use Facebook?
Do you guys want an orange?
Do you guys want honeydew and cantaloupe?
Do you guys want something to eat?
Do you guys want these?
Do you guys want to come, too?
Do you guys want to do something fun?
Do you guys want to eat here?
Do you guys want to eat lunch together?
Do you guys want to go with me?
Do you guys want to have some fun?
Do you guys want to kill Tom?
Do you guys want to play a game?
Do you guys want to read what I wrote?
Do you guys want to see that again?
Do you guys want to share a smoothie?
Do you guys want to share an orange with me?
Do you guys want to share an orange?
Do you guys want to walk?
Do you guys want watermelon?
Do you guys work?
Do you hang out with Tom?
Do you hang out with your siblings a lot?
Do you hang pictures on your walls?
Do you happen to have Tom's phone number?
Do you happen to have Tom's phone?
Do you happen to have a picture of her?
Do you happen to have a picture of him?
Do you happen to have a tarp with you?
Do you happen to have any cash on you?
Do you happen to have any photographs of Tom?
Do you happen to have matches?
Do you happen to have some aspirin?
Do you happen to have the time?
Do you happen to know Professor Brown?
Do you happen to know Tom?
Do you happen to know a man by the name of Brown?
Do you happen to know any Professor Braun?
Do you happen to know anything done by her alone?
Do you happen to know her?
Do you happen to know him?
Do you happen to know his name?
Do you happen to know how to get downtown from here?
Do you happen to know if there is an ATM around here?
Do you happen to know if there is an ATM somewhere close by?
Do you happen to know of a cheap hotel near here?
Do you happen to know the date of the exam?
Do you happen to know the time?
Do you happen to know them?
Do you happen to know what happened?
Do you happen to know what time it is?
Do you happen to know when Tom and Mary are coming back?
Do you happen to know when Tom and Mary are coming?
Do you happen to know when Tom is coming back?
Do you happen to know when Tom is coming?
Do you happen to know when Tom will return from lunch?
Do you happen to know where Peter went this morning?
Do you happen to know where Tom and Mary live?
Do you happen to know where Tom is?
Do you happen to know where Tom lives?
Do you happen to know where Tom was born?
Do you happen to know where Tom went to high school?
Do you happen to know where Tom went to school?
Do you happen to know where Tom went to secondary school?
Do you happen to know where Tom went?
Do you happen to know where she lives?
Do you happen to know where the police station is located?
Do you happen to know whether the chemist's on the corner is open?
Do you happen to know why Tom canceled today's meeting?
Do you happen to know why Tom did that?
Do you happen to speak Vietnamese?
Do you happen to think that I'm your puppet?
Do you hate Tom that much?
Do you hate Tom?
Do you hate everyone you work with?
Do you hate her that much?
Do you hate him that much?
Do you hate him?
Do you hate horror movies?
Do you hate it?
Do you hate losing?
Do you hate me that much?
Do you hate me yet?
Do you hate me?
Do you hate misshapen vegetables?
Do you hate playing with me?
Do you hate poor childen?!
Do you hate poor children?!
Do you hate them that much?
Do you hate them?
Do you hate us?
Do you hate your mother?
Do you hate your neighbor?
Do you have 5 cents?
Do you have 5,000 yen you could lend me?
Do you have African elephants?
Do you have Beethoven?
Do you have Berber nursery rhymes?
Do you have Bud Light?
Do you have Canadian citizenship?
Do you have Christmas break in Japan?
Do you have Facebook?
Do you have French grammar books?
Do you have French newspapers?
Do you have German tomorrow?
Do you have Guinness here?
Do you have Guinness?
Do you have Halloween plans?
Do you have Havaianas?
Do you have Insta?
Do you have Instagram?
Do you have Internet access?
Do you have Japanese beer by any chance?
Do you have Japanese newspapers?
Do you have Kabyle dresses?
Do you have Mary's WhatsApp?
Do you have Monday off?
Do you have Mondays off?
Do you have Muslim friends?
Do you have Netflix?
Do you have Renaissance paintings?
Do you have Russian newspapers?
Do you have Saturday off?
Do you have Skype?
Do you have Spotify?
Do you have Stevie Wonder's new album?
Do you have Stevie Wonder’s new album?
Do you have Tatar-English dictionaries?
Do you have Telegram?
Do you have Time magazine?
Do you have Toki Pona: The Language of Good and the Toki Pona Dictionary or just the Toki Pona: The Language of Good?
Do you have Tom as a friend on Facebook?
Do you have Tom's WhatsApp?
Do you have Tom's address?
Do you have Tom's number?
Do you have Tom's phone number?
Do you have Tom's picture?
Do you have Tom's work number?
Do you have WhatsApp?
Do you have WiFi?
Do you have a 401(k)?
Do you have a Band-Aid?
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you have a Berber dictionary?
Do you have a Berber translation of your electoral manifesto?
Do you have a Berber-French dictionary?
Do you have a CD-RW I could borrow?
Do you have a Canadian passport?
Do you have a Christmas tree?
Do you have a Christmas vacation in Japan?
Do you have a European health insurance card?
Do you have a Facebook account?
Do you have a Finnish dictionary?
Do you have a French dictionary I could borrow?
Do you have a French dictionary?
Do you have a French-Berber dictionary?
Do you have a Frenchman or an Englishman in your hotel?
Do you have a German-Russian dictionary?
Do you have a Google account?
Do you have a Hawaiian shirt?
Do you have a Japanese journal?
Do you have a Japanese magazine?
Do you have a Japanese passport?
Do you have a John Harrison in your employ?
Do you have a Kleenex?
Do you have a Mac or a PC?
Do you have a Mason jar?
Do you have a Playstation 3?
Do you have a Swedish passport?
Do you have a Syrian passport?
Do you have a T-shirt I can borrow?
Do you have a TV at home?
Do you have a TV in your room?
Do you have a TV?
Do you have a Twitter account?
Do you have a USB cable?
Do you have a Yahoo ID?
Do you have a YouTube channel?
Do you have a Zoom account?
Do you have a babysitter?
Do you have a back exit?
Do you have a backpack?
Do you have a backup plan?
Do you have a backup?
Do you have a bad feeling about this?
Do you have a bag?
Do you have a balcony in your apartment?
Do you have a ballpen?
Do you have a ballpoint pen?
Do you have a banana-themed diet plan?
Do you have a band-aid?
Do you have a band?
Do you have a bank account in Algeria?
Do you have a bank account?
Do you have a barn?
Do you have a basement?
Do you have a bathing suit?
Do you have a beach ball?
Do you have a beach house?
Do you have a beef with me?
Do you have a belt that matches my shoes?
Do you have a belt that matches this outfit?
Do you have a best friend?
Do you have a better deal to offer on this offer?
Do you have a better explanation?
Do you have a better idea?
Do you have a better one?
Do you have a better plan?
Do you have a better solution?
Do you have a better suggestion?
Do you have a bicycle pump I could borrow?
Do you have a bicycle pump?
Do you have a bicycle that I could borrow?
Do you have a bicycle?
Do you have a big bowl I can borrow?
Do you have a big family?
Do you have a big house?
Do you have a bigger bowl?
Do you have a bigger frying pan?
Do you have a bigger one?
Do you have a bigger pan?
Do you have a bike?
Do you have a bird?
Do you have a biro?
Do you have a birthmark?
Do you have a blender?
Do you have a blog?
Do you have a blowtorch?
Do you have a blue car?
Do you have a blue coat?
Do you have a blue scarf?
Do you have a boat?
Do you have a book of Berber names?
Do you have a book on the Second World War?
Do you have a book to read on the airplane?
Do you have a book to read?
Do you have a book written in English?
Do you have a book?
Do you have a bottle opener I could borrow?
Do you have a bottle opener I could use?
Do you have a bottle opener that I could borrow?
Do you have a bottle opener?
Do you have a bowl for soup?
Do you have a bowling ball?
Do you have a box that I could put this in?
Do you have a boyfriend back home?
Do you have a boyfriend now?
Do you have a boyfriend or a girlfriend? Where did you meet him or her?
Do you have a boyfriend or a girlfriend? Where did you meet them?
Do you have a boyfriend?
Do you have a bright light for reading?
Do you have a broom I could borrow?
Do you have a brother, Ana?
Do you have a brother, Pedro?
Do you have a brother?
Do you have a bucket I could use?
Do you have a bucket list?
Do you have a bucket of water for me by any chance? I have a flat tire.
Do you have a bucket of water for me by any chance? I have a flat tyre.
Do you have a budget?
Do you have a bus pass?
Do you have a business acquaintance in Randolph., Ltd?
Do you have a business card?
Do you have a business plan?
Do you have a business relationship with Randolph Ltd.?
Do you have a busy schedule today?
Do you have a buyer for these?
Do you have a buyer?
Do you have a calculator I could borrow?
Do you have a calculator that I could borrow?
Do you have a calculator?
Do you have a calendar?
Do you have a call sign?
Do you have a camera?
Do you have a candy bar?
Do you have a car?
Do you have a card?
Do you have a cat or a dog?
Do you have a cat?
Do you have a catalog?
Do you have a cell phone with you?
Do you have a cell phone, Tom?
Do you have a cell phone?
Do you have a cellphone?
Do you have a chain saw I could borrow?
Do you have a chair that's more comfortable?
Do you have a change of clothes?
Do you have a charger I can borrow?
Do you have a charger?
Do you have a cheap flight ticket on a domestic line?
Do you have a cheaper one?
Do you have a cheaper room?
Do you have a child?
Do you have a children's department?
Do you have a children’s department?
Do you have a chisel in your toolbox?
Do you have a chisel that I could borrow?
Do you have a choice?
Do you have a chronometer?
Do you have a cigarette and a light?
Do you have a cigarette?
Do you have a class schedule?
Do you have a clear conscience, or do you have feelings of guilt?
Do you have a coat and a hat?
Do you have a coin?
Do you have a collection of these?
Do you have a comb?
Do you have a common heart disease or a blood circulation disorder in the brain?
Do you have a compass?
Do you have a complaint to make?
Do you have a complete set of Tom Jackson's works?
Do you have a computer at home?
Do you have a computer?
Do you have a concrete example?
Do you have a condom?
Do you have a conscience?
Do you have a contingency plan in place?
Do you have a contingency plan?
Do you have a contract?
Do you have a copy of it?
Do you have a copy of that report?
Do you have a copy of the Quran in your library?
Do you have a copy of the Quran?
Do you have a copy of the new schedule?
Do you have a copy?
Do you have a cork screw I could borrow?
Do you have a corkscrew I could borrow?
Do you have a corkscrew that I could borrow?
Do you have a corkscrew that I could use?
Do you have a corkscrew to open the bottle?
Do you have a corkscrew to open this bottle?
Do you have a corkscrew?
Do you have a cough?
Do you have a country you don't like?
Do you have a coupon?
Do you have a course for beginners?
Do you have a cow?
Do you have a credit card?
Do you have a criminal record?
Do you have a crowbar in your toolbox?
Do you have a crowbar that I could borrow?
Do you have a crowbar?
Do you have a crush on Mary?
Do you have a crush on Tom?
Do you have a crush on her?
Do you have a crush on him?
Do you have a crush on my brother?
Do you have a daily schedule?
Do you have a dark suit?
Do you have a dash cam?
Do you have a date for Valentine's Day?
Do you have a date for the Halloween dance?
Do you have a daughter named Mary?
Do you have a daughter?
Do you have a death wish?
Do you have a decent suit?
Do you have a deck of cards?
Do you have a deep bowl for soup?
Do you have a desire to change jobs?
Do you have a dictionary on your phone?
Do you have a dictionary with you?
Do you have a dictionary?
Do you have a different view?
Do you have a dishwasher in your kitchen?
Do you have a doctor or nurse in this hotel?
Do you have a doctor's appointment?
Do you have a dog or a cat?
Do you have a dog?
Do you have a doorbell camera?
Do you have a double bed?
Do you have a double room?
Do you have a drawing/writing tool?
Do you have a dream?
Do you have a dress code?
Do you have a dress in white?
Do you have a drink to help quench my thirst?
Do you have a drink?
Do you have a driver's license with you?
Do you have a driver's license?
Do you have a driver’s license?
Do you have a driving licence?
Do you have a drug problem?
Do you have a dry mouth?
Do you have a dry shirt that I could borrow?
Do you have a duster?
Do you have a fake beard?
Do you have a family doctor?
Do you have a family tree?
Do you have a family, Tom?
Do you have a family?
Do you have a father?
Do you have a favorite actor?
Do you have a favorite baseball team?
Do you have a favorite bicycle brand?
Do you have a favorite book?
Do you have a favorite color?
Do you have a favorite color? If so, what is it?
Do you have a favorite kind of chocolate?
Do you have a favorite language? If so, what is it and why?
Do you have a favorite movie?
Do you have a favorite number?
Do you have a favorite poem?
Do you have a favorite quotation?
Do you have a favorite restaurant in Boston?
Do you have a favorite singer?
Do you have a favorite song?
Do you have a favorite spell?
Do you have a favorite subject in school?
Do you have a favorite teacher at school?
Do you have a favorite writer and a favorite book?
Do you have a favorite?
Do you have a favourite book?
Do you have a favourite colour?
Do you have a favourite film?
Do you have a favourite number?
Do you have a favourite poem?
Do you have a favourite restaurant?
Do you have a favourite song?
Do you have a favourite writer and a favourite book?
Do you have a favourite?
Do you have a fear of heights?
Do you have a fever and a sore throat?
Do you have a fever?
Do you have a fever? You look flushed.
Do you have a fever? Your cheeks are all red.
Do you have a few CDs?
Do you have a few minutes to spare?
Do you have a few minutes to talk?
Do you have a few minutes?
Do you have a file in the tool chest?
Do you have a file?
Do you have a fire extinguisher?
Do you have a fireplace in your home?
Do you have a first aid kit?
Do you have a fishing boat?
Do you have a fishing licence?
Do you have a fishing license?
Do you have a five-pound note?
Do you have a flashlight I can borrow?
Do you have a flashlight I could borrow?
Do you have a flashlight that I could borrow?
Do you have a flashlight?
Do you have a flat free?
Do you have a flat or a house?
Do you have a flipchart?
Do you have a food allergy?
Do you have a football?
Do you have a foreign beer?
Do you have a fork and a knife?
Do you have a fountain pen with you?
Do you have a fountain pen?
Do you have a free room?
Do you have a freezer?
Do you have a friend named Tom?
Do you have a friend that can help you?
Do you have a friend?
Do you have a funnel I could borrow?
Do you have a gambling problem?
Do you have a garage?
Do you have a garden?
Do you have a gas can I can borrow?
Do you have a generator?
Do you have a gift shop here?
Do you have a girl?
Do you have a girlfriend back home?
Do you have a girlfriend now?
Do you have a girlfriend right now?
Do you have a girlfriend, Tom?
Do you have a girlfriend?
Do you have a glue stick?
Do you have a goal in life?
Do you have a good car?
Do you have a good contract?
Do you have a good grade?
Do you have a good maths teacher?
Do you have a good memory?
Do you have a good reason for being here?
Do you have a good relationship with your mother-in-law?
Do you have a good salary?
Do you have a good-paying job?
Do you have a granddaughter?
Do you have a grandson?
Do you have a green car?
Do you have a green sweater?
Do you have a guest room?
Do you have a guest?
Do you have a guide map of the city?
Do you have a guilty conscience?
Do you have a guitar?
Do you have a gun in your house?
Do you have a gun?
Do you have a gym membership?
Do you have a gym, a playground or, say, a library in your area?
Do you have a hair dryer?
Do you have a hairdryer for guests to use?
Do you have a hairdryer?
Do you have a hammer I can borrow?
Do you have a hammer I could borrow?
Do you have a hammer that I can borrow?
Do you have a hammer that I could borrow?
Do you have a hammer?
Do you have a handkerchief for me?
Do you have a handkerchief in your pocket?
Do you have a handkerchief?
Do you have a happy marriage?
Do you have a headache again?
Do you have a headache and a sore throat?
Do you have a headache?
Do you have a headlamp?
Do you have a healing potion?
Do you have a healthcare proxy?
Do you have a heating pad?
Do you have a helmet?
Do you have a hernia?
Do you have a highlighter I can borrow?
Do you have a highlighter that I could borrow?
Do you have a history of ear infections?
Do you have a hobby - for example, painting?
Do you have a hobby that you like to do on Sundays?
Do you have a hobby, Tom?
Do you have a hobby?
Do you have a hoe I could borrow?
Do you have a hoe that I could borrow?
Do you have a home in Australia?
Do you have a home in Italy?
Do you have a home newspaper subscription?
Do you have a home phone?
Do you have a home?
Do you have a horse?
Do you have a hotel?
Do you have a house in Australia?
Do you have a house in Boston?
Do you have a house in Italy?
Do you have a house of your own?
Do you have a house on your own?
Do you have a house?
Do you have a hunting license?
Do you have a husband?
Do you have a job for me to do?
Do you have a job opening?
Do you have a job to do today?
Do you have a job yet?
Do you have a job?
Do you have a juicer?
Do you have a kettle?
Do you have a key for this door?
Do you have a key to Tom's apartment?
Do you have a key to fit this lock?
Do you have a key to open the door?
Do you have a key to this door?
Do you have a key?
Do you have a kitchen in your apartment?
Do you have a knife I can use to cut this string with?
Do you have a knife I could borrow?
Do you have a knife please?
Do you have a knife that I could borrow?
Do you have a knife?
Do you have a ladder I could use?
Do you have a ladder?
Do you have a landline?
Do you have a laptop?
Do you have a large family?
Do you have a larger size?
Do you have a laser?
Do you have a laundry room in the apartment building?
Do you have a laundry service?
Do you have a lawn mower I could borrow?
Do you have a lawyer?
Do you have a leather jacket?
Do you have a less expensive room?
Do you have a letter opener I can borrow?
Do you have a letter opener I could borrow?
Do you have a letter opener?
Do you have a library card?
Do you have a library in your school?
Do you have a license for that?
Do you have a license to do that?
Do you have a license to fly a plane?
Do you have a license to operate a boat?
Do you have a license to operate a motor boat?
Do you have a license to sell liquor?
Do you have a license?
Do you have a life goal?
Do you have a light beer?
Do you have a light?
Do you have a lighter?
Do you have a link that isn't The New York Times?
Do you have a list of Berber expletives?
Do you have a list of all these books somewhere?
Do you have a list of hotels?
Do you have a list of the most frequent words in Berber?
Do you have a list?
Do you have a little bigger one than these?
Do you have a little smaller one?
Do you have a little time for me to tell you something?
Do you have a long-term investment plan?
Do you have a longer ladder?
Do you have a lot of experience?
Do you have a lot of free time?
Do you have a lot of friends here?
Do you have a lot of friends in Australia?
Do you have a lot of friends in Boston?
Do you have a lot of friends in Portugal?
Do you have a lot of friends?
Do you have a lot of guns?
Do you have a lot of luggage?
Do you have a lot of money on you?
Do you have a lot of money with you?
Do you have a lot of money?
Do you have a lot of pens?
Do you have a lot of problems?
Do you have a lot of relatives?
Do you have a lot of siblings?
Do you have a lot of things to do today?
Do you have a lot of time to relax?
Do you have a lot of time?
Do you have a lot of visitors?
Do you have a lot to do today?
Do you have a lot to do?
Do you have a lover?
Do you have a lucky charm?
Do you have a lunch service at school?
Do you have a magnifying glass that I could borrow?
Do you have a magnifying glass?
Do you have a map of Australia?
Do you have a map of Boston?
Do you have a map of Kyoto city?
Do you have a map of the city of Kyoto?
Do you have a map of the city?
Do you have a map of the downtown area?
Do you have a map of the town?
Do you have a map?
Do you have a map? Because I'm getting lost in your eyes.
Do you have a master key?
Do you have a match?
Do you have a match? I’m sorry, but I don’t smoke.
Do you have a medical certificate?
Do you have a meeting scheduled?
Do you have a mental health problem? You're always following me around. You're an adult so be more independent.
Do you have a mental illness?
Do you have a mental problem?
Do you have a mentor?
Do you have a menu in English?
Do you have a menu?
Do you have a message for me?
Do you have a message you want me to deliver to Tom?
Do you have a messy desk at work?
Do you have a microwave?
Do you have a middle name?
Do you have a military background?
Do you have a minute to talk?
Do you have a minute?
Do you have a mirror?
Do you have a mobile phone with you?
Do you have a mobile phone?
Do you have a mobile, Tom?
Do you have a mobile?
Do you have a moment to discuss these figures with me?
Do you have a moment to speak with me?
Do you have a moment to talk about Jesus?
Do you have a moment to talk about Tom?
Do you have a moment, Tom?
Do you have a moment?
Do you have a mop and a bucket that I could borrow?
Do you have a mop and a bucket?
Do you have a more detailed map?
Do you have a morning routine?
Do you have a mother?
Do you have a motorboat license?
Do you have a motorcycle?
Do you have a motto?
Do you have a nail clipper I can borrow?
Do you have a nail clipper I could use?
Do you have a nail file I could borrow?
Do you have a nail file that I could borrow?
Do you have a nail file?
Do you have a name picked out for your baby?
Do you have a name?
Do you have a need for volunteers?
Do you have a needle and thread that I could use to sew this button back on?
Do you have a needle for me? I need to sew on the button again.
Do you have a needle to sew on these buttons?
Do you have a needle?
Do you have a nephew?
Do you have a new boyfriend?
Do you have a new car?
Do you have a new friend?
Do you have a new girlfriend?
Do you have a new kitchen?
Do you have a new schedule?
Do you have a nickel?
Do you have a nickname?
Do you have a niece?
Do you have a non-smoking section?
Do you have a number of rooms you would prefer specifically?
Do you have a number where we can contact you?
Do you have a package tour?
Do you have a pain reliever?
Do you have a pair gloves I could borrow?
Do you have a pair of binoculars I could borrow?
Do you have a pair of binoculars?
Do you have a pair of black shoes?
Do you have a pair of dice?
Do you have a pair of mittens?
Do you have a pair of scissors I could borrow?
Do you have a pair of scissors that I could borrow?
Do you have a pair of scissors?
Do you have a pair of sunglasses I could borrow?
Do you have a pair of sunglasses that I could borrow?
Do you have a pair of tweezers I could borrow?
Do you have a pair of tweezers?
Do you have a pair of wire cutters I could borrow?
Do you have a pair of wire cutters that I could borrow?
Do you have a paper clip?
Do you have a parking ticket?
Do you have a part time job?
Do you have a part-time job?
Do you have a partner?
Do you have a pass?
Do you have a passport?
Do you have a pen I can borrow?
Do you have a pen I could borrow?
Do you have a pen I could use?
Do you have a pen for me?
Do you have a pen handy?
Do you have a pen in your car?
Do you have a pen on you?
Do you have a pen or a pencil?
Do you have a pen or pencil?
Do you have a pen that I could borrow?
Do you have a pen with you?
Do you have a pen?
Do you have a pen? I have one.
Do you have a pencil I can borrow?
Do you have a pencil about you?
Do you have a pencil on you?
Do you have a pencil sharpener? I need to sharpen my pencil.
Do you have a pencil that I can borrow?
Do you have a pencil that you could lend me?
Do you have a pencil you could lend me?
Do you have a pencil?
Do you have a perforator?
Do you have a permit for a gun?
Do you have a permit for that gun?
Do you have a permit to do that?
Do you have a permit?
Do you have a personal mission statement?
Do you have a personality outside of politics?
Do you have a pet?
Do you have a petting zoo area?
Do you have a phobia of spiders?
Do you have a phone I could use?
Do you have a phone at home?
Do you have a phone book?
Do you have a phone charger?
Do you have a phone or charger?
Do you have a phone so that I can put in my contact info?
Do you have a phone?
Do you have a photograph of Tom?
Do you have a piano at home?
Do you have a piano?
Do you have a picture of Tom?
Do you have a picture of her?
Do you have a picture of him?
Do you have a picture of me?
Do you have a picture of them?
Do you have a picture of us?
Do you have a picture of your girlfriend on your phone?
Do you have a picture of your wife in your wallet?
Do you have a picture?
Do you have a piece of paper I can write on?
Do you have a pill that can help with this situation?
Do you have a pin?
Do you have a pistol?
Do you have a place for a tent?
Do you have a place to do that?
Do you have a place to live?
Do you have a place to stay tonight?
Do you have a place to stay?
Do you have a plan B?
Do you have a plan for that?
Do you have a plan yet?
Do you have a plan?
Do you have a plane?
Do you have a plaster handy?
Do you have a pocketknife I can borrow?
Do you have a podcast?
Do you have a point card?
Do you have a point, Tom?
Do you have a point?
Do you have a points card?
Do you have a pool?
Do you have a preference?
Do you have a preferred language for reading books or watching movies?
Do you have a preferred language learning app for vocabulary practice?
Do you have a preferred language learning technique for mastering difficult grammar concepts?
Do you have a preferred method for language learning: conversation partners or language exchanges?
Do you have a preferred method for language learning: group classes or private tutoring?
Do you have a preferred method for language learning: online resources or physical materials?
Do you have a preferred method for language learning: reading, writing, speaking, or listening?
Do you have a preferred method for language learning: self-study or structured courses?
Do you have a prenup?
Do you have a prenuptial agreement?
Do you have a primary care doctor?
Do you have a printer?
Do you have a private medical insurance policy?
Do you have a problem telling people what you really think?
Do you have a problem with Darwinism?
Do you have a problem with Tom?
Do you have a problem with any of this?
Do you have a problem with gay people?
Do you have a problem with her?
Do you have a problem with him?
Do you have a problem with homosexuals?
Do you have a problem with it?
Do you have a problem with me going to Boston with Tom?
Do you have a problem with me staying?
Do you have a problem with me?
Do you have a problem with potholes around here?
Do you have a problem with that, Tom?
Do you have a problem with that, Ziri?
Do you have a problem with that?
Do you have a problem with them?
Do you have a problem with this plan?
Do you have a problem with this, too?
Do you have a problem with this?
Do you have a problem with what was suggested?
Do you have a problem?
Do you have a programme for me?
Do you have a purpose on this earth?
Do you have a purse?
Do you have a quarter I could borrow?
Do you have a question that you'd like answered?
Do you have a question?
Do you have a quiet place where you can do your homework?
Do you have a radio here?
Do you have a raincoat I could borrow?
Do you have a raincoat?
Do you have a razor?
Do you have a real one?
Do you have a reason for not being in bed?
Do you have a receipt?
Do you have a recent photo of yourself?
Do you have a recent picture of Tom?
Do you have a recommendation?
Do you have a recycle bin?
Do you have a red colouring pencil?
Do you have a red crayon?
Do you have a red pen?
Do you have a red pencil?
Do you have a registered doctor?
Do you have a regular bowel movement?
Do you have a relevant point to make?
Do you have a remedy?
Do you have a remote control that will work with my set-top box?
Do you have a reservation?
Do you have a reserved seat?
Do you have a response to that?
Do you have a restroom?
Do you have a retirement plan?
Do you have a return ticket to Japan?
Do you have a revolver?
Do you have a rewards card?
Do you have a rice cooker at home?
Do you have a rice cooker?
Do you have a ring?
Do you have a road atlas?
Do you have a role model?
Do you have a roll of toilet paper?
Do you have a room of your own?
Do you have a room that's a little cheaper?
Do you have a room that’s a little cheaper?
Do you have a room to rent?
Do you have a room?
Do you have a rough idea of how long it will take?
Do you have a rug?
Do you have a ruler I could borrow?
Do you have a ruler that I could borrow?
Do you have a ruler?
Do you have a sandwich you can give me?
Do you have a scale?
Do you have a scanner?
Do you have a scar?
Do you have a scary book?
Do you have a school lunch at school?
Do you have a school uniform?
Do you have a screwdriver?
Do you have a search warrant?
Do you have a seat for me?
Do you have a seat?
Do you have a sec?
Do you have a second for me?
Do you have a second?
Do you have a secret menu?
Do you have a secret that you've never told anybody?
Do you have a secret that you've never told anyone?
Do you have a secret you've never told anybody?
Do you have a secret you've never told anyone?
Do you have a secret?
Do you have a sense of meaning or purpose?
Do you have a service charge?
Do you have a seven-yen stamp?
Do you have a sewing machine?
Do you have a sewing needle?
Do you have a shekel?
Do you have a shirt?
Do you have a shoe box where I can put these things?
Do you have a shoehorn?
Do you have a shop in Lekseur?
Do you have a shopping list?
Do you have a short ladder or a stable chair?
Do you have a shovel I can borrow?
Do you have a shovel I could borrow?
Do you have a shovel I could use?
Do you have a shovel that I could borrow?
Do you have a shovel?
Do you have a showroom for your products in the city?
Do you have a sickle that I could borrow?
Do you have a sightseeing brochure for this town?
Do you have a sign?
Do you have a significant other?
Do you have a similar expression in Berber?
Do you have a similar proverb in French?
Do you have a similar saying in Japanese?
Do you have a similar word in Berber?
Do you have a sister, Juan?
Do you have a sister, Lucia?
Do you have a sister?
Do you have a sister? Who is she?
Do you have a skeleton in the cupboard?
Do you have a sleeping bag?
Do you have a small English-Russian dictionary?
Do you have a smaller size?
Do you have a smartphone?
Do you have a smoke and a light?
Do you have a smoke?
Do you have a snow shovel?
Do you have a snowboard?
Do you have a snowmobile?
Do you have a soccer ball?
Do you have a soldering iron that I could borrow?
Do you have a solution?
Do you have a son named Tom?
Do you have a son or a daughter?
Do you have a son?
Do you have a sore throat and a headache?
Do you have a sore throat?
Do you have a soup bowl?
Do you have a soup dish?
Do you have a soup tureen?
Do you have a spaceship?
Do you have a spanner?
Do you have a spare key?
Do you have a spare one?
Do you have a spare tire?
Do you have a spare washer for the faucet?
Do you have a spare?
Do you have a special menu for vegetarians?
Do you have a spoon I can stir the rice with?
Do you have a sports car?
Do you have a spouse?
Do you have a stapler I could borrow?
Do you have a stapler that I could borrow?
Do you have a steady boyfriend?
Do you have a steady girlfriend?
Do you have a stockbroker?
Do you have a stomach ache?
Do you have a stomachache?
Do you have a stopwatch?
Do you have a store?
Do you have a straw hat?
Do you have a strong work ethic?
Do you have a student ID?
Do you have a student fare?
Do you have a student ticket?
Do you have a subway map?
Do you have a suggestion?
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Do you have a sunscreen?
Do you have a superhero costume?
Do you have a sweetheart?
Do you have a swimming pool?
Do you have a table available for reservation?
Do you have a table for five?
Do you have a table in front of the fireplace?
Do you have a table in the patio?
Do you have a table in your room?
Do you have a table near the window?
Do you have a table on the patio?
Do you have a table tennis racket?
Do you have a table with a view of the ocean?
Do you have a table?
Do you have a tape measure I could borrow?
Do you have a tape measure?
Do you have a tatami room for ten people?
Do you have a tattoo?
Do you have a technical diagram for this portion?
Do you have a telephone?
Do you have a telescope?
Do you have a television?
Do you have a temperature?
Do you have a tennis court in this hotel?
Do you have a tennis racket?
Do you have a test tomorrow?
Do you have a theory?
Do you have a thermometer?
Do you have a ticket?
Do you have a tie I can borrow?
Do you have a tie I could borrow?
Do you have a tie that I could borrow?
Do you have a timetable?
Do you have a tin opener?
Do you have a tin-opener?
Do you have a tissue for me?
Do you have a toilet plunger I could borrow?
Do you have a token for the shopping trolley?
Do you have a toothache?
Do you have a torch I can borrow?
Do you have a torch I could borrow?
Do you have a towel I could use?
Do you have a transparent folder?
Do you have a travel guide for this city?
Do you have a truck?
Do you have a trusting relationship with your children?
Do you have a tutor?
Do you have a twin brother?
Do you have a twin sister?
Do you have a uniform?
Do you have a vacancy?
Do you have a vacant apartment?
Do you have a vacant flat?
Do you have a vague idea about what's in the box?
Do you have a valid passport?
Do you have a vase for the flowers?
Do you have a vegetarian menu?
Do you have a violin?
Do you have a visa?
Do you have a vision of your future?
Do you have a voucher?
Do you have a wagon?
Do you have a waiting list?
Do you have a warrant?
Do you have a washing machine?
Do you have a watch?
Do you have a website?
Do you have a wheelbarrow I could borrow?
Do you have a wheelbarrow I could use?
Do you have a wheelbarrow that I could borrow?
Do you have a whistle?
Do you have a white dress?
Do you have a wife?
Do you have a will?
Do you have a window seat?
Do you have a wool hat?
Do you have a woollen blanket?
Do you have a work permit?
Do you have a work visa?
Do you have a work-life balance?
Do you have a wrench to tighten the faucet nut?
Do you have a wrench?
Do you have a yacht?
Do you have a younger brother?
Do you have a younger sister?
Do you have access to him?
Do you have access to it?
Do you have adequate money for the trip?
Do you have air-conditioned bedrooms?
Do you have alcohol-free drinks?
Do you have all the information you need?
Do you have all your teeth?
Do you have allergies?
Do you have allies?
Do you have an Afghan passport?
Do you have an Algerian number?
Do you have an Algerian passport?
Do you have an Algerian phone number?
Do you have an Algerian phone?
Do you have an Android phone?
Do you have an Angolan passport?
Do you have an English dictionary?
Do you have an English lesson today?
Do you have an English menu?
Do you have an Esperanto flag?
Do you have an HR team?
Do you have an ID?
Do you have an Instagram account?
Do you have an MP3 player?
Do you have an account here?
Do you have an account on Instagram?
Do you have an account on Twitter?
Do you have an account with any social networking web sites?
Do you have an adapter that I could borrow?
Do you have an address?
Do you have an advance directive or living will?
Do you have an advanced or beginner level?
Do you have an age by which you want to get married?
Do you have an air conditioner in your car?
Do you have an air conditioner?
Do you have an airplane ticket back home?
Do you have an alarm clock in your room?
Do you have an alarm clock?
Do you have an alibi?
Do you have an anger management problem?
Do you have an angle grinder?
Do you have an answer to my question?
Do you have an answer yet?
Do you have an answer?
Do you have an appointment with him?
Do you have an appointment with your personal doctor?
Do you have an appointment, sir?
Do you have an appointment?
Do you have an archive of the picture I sent you?
Do you have an ashtray?
Do you have an automobile?
Do you have an e-mail address that's easy to memorize?
Do you have an e-mail address?
Do you have an electric rice cooker?
Do you have an electronic typewriter?
Do you have an elevator in your house?
Do you have an elevator?
Do you have an employment lawyer?
Do you have an empty room in this hotel?
Do you have an eraser I could borrow?
Do you have an evening gown?
Do you have an exercise schedule?
Do you have an explanation for that?
Do you have an explanation?
Do you have an extension cord that I could borrow?
Do you have an extension?
Do you have an external sound card?
Do you have an extra English dictionary by any chance?
Do you have an extra bicycle I could borrow?
Do you have an extra bicycle that I could borrow?
Do you have an extra blanket?
Do you have an extra box that I could have?
Do you have an extra clothes hanger that I could borrow?
Do you have an extra flashlight I could borrow?
Do you have an extra frying pan that I could borrow?
Do you have an extra key?
Do you have an extra one?
Do you have an extra pen I could borrow?
Do you have an extra room?
Do you have an extra sandwich you can give me?
Do you have an extra sandwich you can't eat?
Do you have an extra shelf I can use?
Do you have an extra ticket?
Do you have an extra torch I could borrow?
Do you have an extra towel?
Do you have an iPad?
Do you have an ice pack?
Do you have an idea of where he might be?
Do you have an idea what it would have meant to Tom?
Do you have an idea what it would've meant to Tom?
Do you have an idea?
Do you have an iguana?
Do you have an increased appetite?
Do you have an innovative idea?
Do you have an interpreter?
Do you have an invitation?
Do you have an iron I can borrow?
Do you have an iron I could borrow?
Do you have an item that you always carried with you as child?
Do you have an itinerary for your business trip?
Do you have an objection to that?
Do you have an objection to the source, or a relevant piece of evidence to refute the claim?
Do you have an older brother?
Do you have an older sister?
Do you have an opening on Friday after five?
Do you have an opinion about that?
Do you have an opinion now?
Do you have an opinion on that?
Do you have an opinion on this issue?
Do you have an opinion on this?
Do you have an opinion?
Do you have an outfit to wear to the dance?
Do you have an oven mitt?
Do you have an umbrella I could borrow?
Do you have an umbrella that I could borrow?
Do you have an umbrella?
Do you have an underground map?
Do you have an undermining boss?
Do you have an underwater camera?
Do you have an unmarried sister about my age?
Do you have an unoccupied flat?
Do you have an up-to-date road map of the area?
Do you have an upset stomach?
Do you have anaemia?
Do you have anemia?
Do you have animals on your farm?
Do you have another explanation?
Do you have another language?
Do you have another one for me?
Do you have another one of these?
Do you have another one?
Do you have another opinion?
Do you have another pen?
Do you have another plan?
Do you have another question?
Do you have another solution?
Do you have another towel?
Do you have another?
Do you have antiseptic?
Do you have anxiety?
Do you have any Algerian friends?
Do you have any Berber dictionary?
Do you have any Berber novels?
Do you have any Bitcoins?
Do you have any CDs?
Do you have any English-Japanese dictionaries?
Do you have any Esperanto dictionary?
Do you have any French magazines?
Do you have any French newspapers?
Do you have any French wine?
Do you have any French-speaking employees?
Do you have any ID?
Do you have any Japanese beer?
Do you have any Japanese foods?
Do you have any Japanese magazines?
Do you have any Japanese newspapers?
Do you have any Russian-language books?
Do you have any actual evidence?
Do you have any addictions?
Do you have any advice for handling kids?
Do you have any advice for me?
Do you have any advice for raising children?
Do you have any advice for us?
Do you have any advice on what to do?
Do you have any after-school activities planned?
Do you have any allergies?
Do you have any alternatives to the plan?
Do you have any animals?
Do you have any antivenom?
Do you have any apple pie today?
Do you have any apples?
Do you have any appointments tomorrow?
Do you have any aspirin on hand?
Do you have any aspirin on you?
Do you have any aspirin?
Do you have any asthma medicine?
Do you have any bad habits?
Do you have any bad habits? If so, what are they?
Do you have any baggage, sir?
Do you have any bags to check?
Do you have any bait?
Do you have any band-aids?
Do you have any bath bombs?
Do you have any beans in your garden?
Do you have any beer left?
Do you have any beer?
Do you have any beers from local microbreweries?
Do you have any better ideas?
Do you have any better suggestions?
Do you have any big plans for the weekend?
Do you have any bigger ones?
Do you have any birthmarks?
Do you have any bleeding?
Do you have any blue scarves?
Do you have any bonus work?
Do you have any book recommendations?
Do you have any books about Armenia?
Do you have any books at home?
Do you have any books in Esperanto?
Do you have any books in French?
Do you have any books in German?
Do you have any books in Russian?
Do you have any books on jazz?
Do you have any books on the history of Kabylie?
Do you have any books to read?
Do you have any books written in French?
Do you have any books?
Do you have any bottled water?
Do you have any brains inside that hard head?
Do you have any brandy in the house?
Do you have any bread to eat?
Do you have any bread?
Do you have any bright ideas?
Do you have any brothers and sisters?
Do you have any brothers or sisters?
Do you have any brothers?
Do you have any bug spray?
Do you have any bullets left?
Do you have any candles?
Do you have any canned vegetables?
Do you have any cash on you?
Do you have any cash with you?
Do you have any cash?
Do you have any casual shoes?
Do you have any cats?
Do you have any cement?
Do you have any champagne?
Do you have any change?
Do you have any cheaper ones?
Do you have any cheaper rooms?
Do you have any cheaper seats?
Do you have any cheese?
Do you have any children you haven't told me about?
Do you have any children?
Do you have any chocolate ice cream?
Do you have any chocolate milk?
Do you have any classes this afternoon?
Do you have any classics in Berber?
Do you have any clothes that you never wear?
Do you have any clue to the mystery?
Do you have any clue where my striped sweater could've gone?
Do you have any coffee?
Do you have any cold drink?
Do you have any colored pencils?
Do you have any comic books?
Do you have any comment about that?
Do you have any comment on that?
Do you have any comment?
Do you have any comments?
Do you have any commitments tomorrow?
Do you have any complaint about it?
Do you have any complaints at all?
Do you have any complaints?
Do you have any concern?
Do you have any concerns?
Do you have any condoms?
Do you have any cough medicine?
Do you have any coughing?
Do you have any cream cheese?
Do you have any creative abilities?
Do you have any curry with rice?
Do you have any custard?
Do you have any daughters?
Do you have any day tours?
Do you have any dental problems?
Do you have any deodorant?
Do you have any dependents?
Do you have any dietary restrictions?
Do you have any difficulty falling asleep?
Do you have any dirty laundry?
Do you have any disabilities?
Do you have any doubts?
Do you have any drinks?
Do you have any drugs in the vehicle?
Do you have any duct tape?
Do you have any eights?
Do you have any employees who speak French?
Do you have any employees who speak Japanese?
Do you have any empty bottles?
Do you have any empty cardboard boxes I could use?
Do you have any enemies?
Do you have any engagement tomorrow?
Do you have any envelopes?
Do you have any evidence of that?
Do you have any evidence that proves Tom is guilty?
Do you have any evidence that really happened?
Do you have any evidence that that really happened?
Do you have any evidence to prove him guilty?
Do you have any evidence to support your allegations?
Do you have any evidence?
Do you have any experience doing that?
Do you have any experience painting fences?
Do you have any experience working at a restaurant?
Do you have any experience?
Do you have any explanation?
Do you have any explosives?
Do you have any extra room in your car?
Do you have any extra tickets?
Do you have any extracurricular activities outside of school?
Do you have any faith or spirituality?
Do you have any family in Boston?
Do you have any family in Germany?
Do you have any family member who knows German?
Do you have any family members or role models who are physicians?
Do you have any family or friends that you could stay with?
Do you have any family or friends who could come to pick you up?
Do you have any family or friends who you could stay with?
Do you have any family or friends you could stay with?
Do you have any family pictures you can show me?
Do you have any family?
Do you have any famous friends?
Do you have any farm animals?
Do you have any favorite children's books?
Do you have any favourite books?
Do you have any fears or anxieties about school?
Do you have any feedback for us?
Do you have any film for this camera?
Do you have any final thoughts?
Do you have any fishing gear?
Do you have any food allergies?
Do you have any food here?
Do you have any food left?
Do you have any food that's suitable for vegans?
Do you have any food that's suitable for vegetarians?
Do you have any food?
Do you have any foreign beer?
Do you have any foreign books?
Do you have any foreign stamps?
Do you have any free maps?
Do you have any free passes?
Do you have any free time after tomorrow?
Do you have any free time during the week?
Do you have any free time in the morning?
Do you have any free time on Monday?
Do you have any free time this weekend?
Do you have any free time tomorrow?
Do you have any free time?
Do you have any fresh eggs?
Do you have any fresh pasta?
Do you have any fresh strawberries?
Do you have any friends here in Boston?
Do you have any friends here?
Do you have any friends in Australia?
Do you have any friends in Boston?
Do you have any friends living in other countries?
Do you have any friends or relatives here?
Do you have any friends that are doctors?
Do you have any friends who are doctors?
Do you have any friends who can do that?
Do you have any friends who can help you do that?
Do you have any friends who can help you?
Do you have any friends who can speak French?
Do you have any friends who don't eat rice?
Do you have any friends who play the guitar?
Do you have any friends?
Do you have any fruit trees on your property?
Do you have any further information?
Do you have any further questions to ask?
Do you have any further questions?
Do you have any games on your phone?
Do you have any gigs lined up?
Do you have any glasses for three-eyed people?
Do you have any gluten free items on your menu?
Do you have any gluten free options on the menu?
Do you have any gluten-free options?
Do you have any golf balls?
Do you have any good books for children to read?
Do you have any good examples?
Do you have any good ideas on what I should name my horse?
Do you have any good ideas?
Do you have any good memories of Tom?
Do you have any good news?
Do you have any grandchildren?
Do you have any granola left?
Do you have any grapes?
Do you have any grounds for thinking so?
Do you have any group in WhatsApp?
Do you have any gum?
Do you have any gum? I've got really bad cottonmouth.
Do you have any hair gel?
Do you have any headphones?
Do you have any health concerns or medical conditions I should be aware of?
Do you have any help doing that?
Do you have any high school friends that you still keep in touch with?
Do you have any hiking tips for beginners?
Do you have any hobbies or interests?
Do you have any hobbies?
Do you have any hobby?
Do you have any homework that you have to do this weekend?
Do you have any homework to do?
Do you have any hope for the future?
Do you have any horseradish?
Do you have any ice cream?
Do you have any ice cubes?
Do you have any ice tongs?
Do you have any ice?
Do you have any idea about how much I've been through?
Do you have any idea how I feel?
Do you have any idea how Tom got here?
Do you have any idea how Tom will get here?
Do you have any idea how dangerous that is?
Do you have any idea how difficult it is to do this?
Do you have any idea how fast you were going?
Do you have any idea how hard I tried to get you back on track?
Do you have any idea how hard I've studied to become a doctor?
Do you have any idea how hard it was to get a moron like that elected?
Do you have any idea how important your test grades are?
Do you have any idea how insulting that is?
Do you have any idea how long Tom and Mary have been in Boston?
Do you have any idea how long Tom and Mary have been studying French?
Do you have any idea how long Tom has been in Australia?
Do you have any idea how long Tom has been in Boston?
Do you have any idea how long Tom has been studying French?
Do you have any idea how long Tom is going to be in Australia?
Do you have any idea how long Tom is going to be in Boston?
Do you have any idea how long Tom stayed in Boston?
Do you have any idea how long Tom studied French?
Do you have any idea how long Tom wants to stay with us?
Do you have any idea how long Tom will be here?
Do you have any idea how long Tom will be in Australia?
Do you have any idea how long Tom will be in Boston?
Do you have any idea how long Tom will do that?
Do you have any idea how long Tom will stay?
Do you have any idea how long it took me to code this website?
Do you have any idea how long it took me to do this?
Do you have any idea how lucky you are?
Do you have any idea how lucky you were?
Do you have any idea how lucky you've been?
Do you have any idea how many Canadians live in Australia?
Do you have any idea how many days Tom will do that?
Do you have any idea how many eggs are consumed per year?
Do you have any idea how many hours Tom will do that?
Do you have any idea how many people are coming to tonight's party?
Do you have any idea how many people died when the Titanic sunk?
Do you have any idea how many people live in Australia?
Do you have any idea how many people live in Boston?
Do you have any idea how many people were at the concert?
Do you have any idea how many weeks Tom will do that?
Do you have any idea how much I love you?
Do you have any idea how much a decent fursuit will cost you?
Do you have any idea how much it cost me to become a member here?
Do you have any idea how much it costs?
Do you have any idea how much money you spend a month on food?
Do you have any idea how much money you spent on clothes last year?
Do you have any idea how much this cost me?
Do you have any idea how much this machine costs?
Do you have any idea how much work has gone into this?
Do you have any idea how serious this is?
Do you have any idea how stupid I feel right now?
Do you have any idea how stupid this makes you look?
Do you have any idea how this happened?
Do you have any idea how unhealthy that is?
Do you have any idea of how difficult is to do this?
Do you have any idea of the position you're putting us in?
Do you have any idea of what you're asking?
Do you have any idea what I should do?
Do you have any idea what I should say to Tom?
Do you have any idea what Tom and Mary are doing?
Do you have any idea what Tom and Mary are going to do?
Do you have any idea what Tom and Mary are planning to do?
Do you have any idea what Tom and Mary are talking about?
Do you have any idea what Tom and Mary have to do?
Do you have any idea what Tom and Mary need to do?
Do you have any idea what Tom and Mary want to do?
Do you have any idea what Tom and Mary want?
Do you have any idea what Tom and Mary were doing in Boston?
Do you have any idea what Tom had in mind?
Do you have any idea what Tom has to do?
Do you have any idea what Tom is doing?
Do you have any idea what Tom is going to do?
Do you have any idea what Tom is planning to do?
Do you have any idea what Tom is talking about?
Do you have any idea what Tom is up to?
Do you have any idea what Tom needs to do?
Do you have any idea what Tom wants to do?
Do you have any idea what Tom wants?
Do you have any idea what Tom was doing in Boston?
Do you have any idea what Tom will do?
Do you have any idea what caused the problem?
Do you have any idea what caused this?
Do you have any idea what could be wrong?
Do you have any idea what could cause this?
Do you have any idea what could have caused this?
Do you have any idea what could've caused this?
Do you have any idea what happened to Tom?
Do you have any idea what happened?
Do you have any idea what it is?
Do you have any idea what it was?
Do you have any idea what just happened?
Do you have any idea what killed Tom?
Do you have any idea what might happen?
Do you have any idea what motivated Tom to do that?
Do you have any idea what my life is like?
Do you have any idea what needs to be done?
Do you have any idea what that could be?
Do you have any idea what that guy's name is?
Do you have any idea what that is?
Do you have any idea what that means?
Do you have any idea what the minimum wage in Australia is?
Do you have any idea what the population of Australia is?
Do you have any idea what the population of Boston is?
Do you have any idea what the population of Tokyo is?
Do you have any idea what the problem was?
Do you have any idea what the term "lingua franca" means?
Do you have any idea what they're talking about?
Do you have any idea what they’re talking about?
Do you have any idea what this is called?
Do you have any idea what this is?
Do you have any idea what this means?
Do you have any idea what time Tom will come home?
Do you have any idea what time Tom will get here?
Do you have any idea what time Tom's train will be arriving?
Do you have any idea what time is kickoff?
Do you have any idea what time it is?
Do you have any idea what was in the box?
Do you have any idea what we have to do?
Do you have any idea what we need to do?
Do you have any idea what we should be doing?
Do you have any idea what we should do?
Do you have any idea what we're supposed to be doing?
Do you have any idea what we're supposed to do?
Do you have any idea what you're doing?
Do you have any idea what you're saying?
Do you have any idea what you've done?
Do you have any idea what'll happen if Tom and Mary do that?
Do you have any idea what'll happen if Tom does that?
Do you have any idea what'll happen?
Do you have any idea what's been going on?
Do you have any idea what's causing the problem?
Do you have any idea what's going on there?
Do you have any idea what's going on?
Do you have any idea what's going to happen?
Do you have any idea what's happened?
Do you have any idea what's happening?
Do you have any idea what's in the box?
Do you have any idea what's wrong?
Do you have any idea when Tom and Mary are planning on getting here?
Do you have any idea when Tom and Mary are planning to get here?
Do you have any idea when Tom and Mary plan to be here?
Do you have any idea when Tom is planning on getting here?
Do you have any idea when Tom is planning to get here?
Do you have any idea when Tom plans to be here?
Do you have any idea when Tom will arrive?
Do you have any idea when Tom will get here?
Do you have any idea when the bank closes?
Do you have any idea when those pictures might've been taken?
Do you have any idea when you'll be able to do that?
Do you have any idea where I might find Tom?
Do you have any idea where I might find him?
Do you have any idea where I've been?
Do you have any idea where Tom and Mary are now?
Do you have any idea where Tom and Mary are right now?
Do you have any idea where Tom and Mary are?
Do you have any idea where Tom could be?
Do you have any idea where Tom could have hidden the money?
Do you have any idea where Tom could've hidden the money?
Do you have any idea where Tom is now?
Do you have any idea where Tom is right now?
Do you have any idea where Tom is?
Do you have any idea where Tom lives?
Do you have any idea where Tom might be hiding?
Do you have any idea where Tom might be now?
Do you have any idea where Tom might be right now?
Do you have any idea where Tom might be waiting?
Do you have any idea where Tom might be?
Do you have any idea where Tom might have left his camera?
Do you have any idea where Tom might have put his camera?
Do you have any idea where Tom might've gone?
Do you have any idea where Tom might've left his camera?
Do you have any idea where Tom put the keys?
Do you have any idea where Tom went?
Do you have any idea where that came from?
Do you have any idea where this picture might've been taken?
Do you have any idea where those pictures might have been taken?
Do you have any idea where those pictures might've been taken?
Do you have any idea where we are?
Do you have any idea where we could find Tom?
Do you have any idea where we might find Tom?
Do you have any idea where we might find him?
Do you have any idea where we're going?
Do you have any idea where your birth certificate is?
Do you have any idea who Tom is planning to take to the dance?
Do you have any idea who actually wrote this letter?
Do you have any idea who could be behind this?
Do you have any idea who could be doing this?
Do you have any idea who could have done this?
Do you have any idea who could've done this?
Do you have any idea who did it?
Do you have any idea who did that?
Do you have any idea who did this?
Do you have any idea who else might want to go with us?
Do you have any idea who he is?
Do you have any idea who killed Tom?
Do you have any idea who might be able to help us?
Do you have any idea who might have done this?
Do you have any idea who might have stolen my bicycle?
Do you have any idea who might want to do that?
Do you have any idea who might've done that?
Do you have any idea who might've done this?
Do you have any idea who might've kidnapped Tom?
Do you have any idea who might've killed Tom?
Do you have any idea who she is?
Do you have any idea who that is?
Do you have any idea who that lady is?
Do you have any idea who that might be?
Do you have any idea who that was?
Do you have any idea who took these pictures?
Do you have any idea who we should single out for the position?
Do you have any idea who would do something like that?
Do you have any idea who would do this kind of thing?
Do you have any idea who would do this?
Do you have any idea who wrote this book?
Do you have any idea who you're talking to?
Do you have any idea who'd do something like this?
Do you have any idea who'd want Tom dead?
Do you have any idea who'd want to steal Tom's car?
Do you have any idea who's behind this?
Do you have any idea who's in the next room?
Do you have any idea why Mary did what she did?
Do you have any idea why Tom and Mary are mad at me?
Do you have any idea why Tom and Mary aren't here?
Do you have any idea why Tom and Mary did what they did?
Do you have any idea why Tom and Mary don't like me?
Do you have any idea why Tom did that?
Do you have any idea why Tom did what he did?
Do you have any idea why Tom didn't do that?
Do you have any idea why Tom didn't want to do that?
Do you have any idea why Tom didn't want to go to Boston?
Do you have any idea why Tom didn't win?
Do you have any idea why Tom disappeared?
Do you have any idea why Tom doesn't like Mary?
Do you have any idea why Tom doesn't like me?
Do you have any idea why Tom gave it to you?
Do you have any idea why Tom helped?
Do you have any idea why Tom is mad at me?
Do you have any idea why Tom isn't here?
Do you have any idea why Tom refused to do that?
Do you have any idea why Tom went to Australia?
Do you have any idea why Tom went to Boston?
Do you have any idea why Tom would want to do that?
Do you have any idea why someone would want to kill Tom?
Do you have any idea why that might be?
Do you have any idea why things happened the way they did?
Do you have any idea why this happened?
Do you have any idea why?
Do you have any idea?
Do you have any ideas about it?
Do you have any ideas about that?
Do you have any ideas for the gift?
Do you have any ideas on how to solve this problem?
Do you have any ideas on how we can make sure Tom does that?
Do you have any ideas on how we can make sure Tom sticks around until the job is finished?
Do you have any ideas on how we can make sure he sticks around until the job is finished?
Do you have any ideas on how we can settle this matter?
Do you have any ideas on how we can solve this problem?
Do you have any ideas?
Do you have any identification?
Do you have any imported beer?
Do you have any in blue?
Do you have any in green?
Do you have any in red?
Do you have any information about that?
Do you have any information about what happened?
Do you have any information on classical music concerts?
Do you have any interest in sports?
Do you have any interesting books I could borrow?
Do you have any interesting books that I could borrow?
Do you have any interesting stories to tell?
Do you have any investment ideas?
Do you have any ivory crepe blouses in medium?
Do you have any job openings these days?
Do you have any job openings?
Do you have any ketchup?
Do you have any kids?
Do you have any kind of alibi?
Do you have any kind of an alibi?
Do you have any knowledge of French?
Do you have any knowledge of this matter?
Do you have any lamb ribs?
Do you have any language learning goals or milestones you're working towards?
Do you have any last wishes?
Do you have any last words?
Do you have any last-minute advice?
Do you have any laundry? There's still some room in the machine.
Do you have any left in stock?
Do you have any light beer?
Do you have any lighter fluid?
Do you have any liquor?
Do you have any lotion?
Do you have any luggage?
Do you have any management experience?
Do you have any matches?
Do you have any medical problems?
Do you have any medicine for sunburn?
Do you have any memories from your time at university?
Do you have any memory tricks for remembering the difference between the flags of New Zealand and Australia?
Do you have any message for Tom?
Do you have any messages for me?
Do you have any milk?
Do you have any money left over?
Do you have any money left?
Do you have any money on you?
Do you have any money with you?
Do you have any money?
Do you have any more advice for me?
Do you have any more beer?
Do you have any more big ones?
Do you have any more bright ideas?
Do you have any more great ideas?
Do you have any more ice cream?
Do you have any more items to return today?
Do you have any more milk?
Do you have any more money?
Do you have any more of that blue thread?
Do you have any more of the cheaper ones left?
Do you have any more of these?
Do you have any more of those things?
Do you have any more of those?
Do you have any more questions?
Do you have any more schnapps?
Do you have any more secrets?
Do you have any more small ones?
Do you have any more suitcases?
Do you have any more tricks up your sleeve?
Do you have any more weed?
Do you have any more wine?
Do you have any more-recent magazines?
Do you have any more?
Do you have any museum guides in Japanese?
Do you have any needles in your pockets?
Do you have any nephews?
Do you have any new potatoes?
Do you have any new projects?
Do you have any news about Sami?
Do you have any news about Skura?
Do you have any news about Tom?
Do you have any news at all?
Do you have any news for me?
Do you have any news to report?
Do you have any news?
Do you have any nieces?
Do you have any non-alcoholic drinks?
Do you have any objection to this plan?
Do you have any objection?
Do you have any objections to my doing that?
Do you have any objections?
Do you have any older brothers?
Do you have any older sisters?
Do you have any olive oil?
Do you have any one dollar bills?
Do you have any ones?
Do you have any open sores on your body?
Do you have any open wounds on your body?
Do you have any orange juice?
Do you have any oranges?
Do you have any other appointments?
Do you have any other books that I might like?
Do you have any other books?
Do you have any other bright ideas?
Do you have any other children?
Do you have any other embarrassing stories about Fyodor?
Do you have any other explanation?
Do you have any other guidebooks about Thailand?
Do you have any other hobbies?
Do you have any other hotels you would recommend?
Do you have any other idea maybe?
Do you have any other ideas?
Do you have any other kids?
Do you have any other names you go by?
Do you have any other pictures of Tom?
Do you have any other problems?
Do you have any other questions about the matter?
Do you have any other questions you want to ask me?
Do you have any other questions you'd like to ask?
Do you have any other questions?
Do you have any other reasons to suspect Tom?
Do you have any other requests?
Do you have any other secrets I should know about?
Do you have any other suggestions?
Do you have any other symptoms?
Do you have any other theories?
Do you have any other thoughts on the issue?
Do you have any others?
Do you have any pain?
Do you have any painkillers?
Do you have any paint remover I could borrow?
Do you have any part-time work?
Do you have any particular favorites?
Do you have any particular style in mind?
Do you have any past experience in this field?
Do you have any peaches?
Do you have any pencils on you?
Do you have any pencils?
Do you have any peppermint candy?
Do you have any pets in your apartment?
Do you have any pets, or would you like to have one?
Do you have any pets, or would you like to?
Do you have any pets?
Do you have any photos of Tom's wife?
Do you have any pickles?
Do you have any pictures I can look at?
Do you have any pictures of Australia?
Do you have any pictures of Boston?
Do you have any pictures of Mary when she was a kid?
Do you have any pictures of Tom and Mary together?
Do you have any pictures of Tom and Mary when they were kids?
Do you have any pictures of Tom when he was a kid?
Do you have any pictures of Tom's children?
Do you have any pictures of Tom?
Do you have any pictures of your great grandparents?
Do you have any pigs?
Do you have any plans for Christmas?
Do you have any plans for Friday?
Do you have any plans for Saturday?
Do you have any plans for next Monday?
Do you have any plans for next weekend?
Do you have any plans for summer?
Do you have any plans for the holidays?
Do you have any plans for the summer vacation?
Do you have any plans for the summer?
Do you have any plans for the weekend?
Do you have any plans for this evening?
Do you have any plans for today?
Do you have any plans for tomorrow evening?
Do you have any plans for tomorrow?
Do you have any plans for tonight?
Do you have any plans for what you want to do after school?
Do you have any plans for your summer vacation?
Do you have any plans later on?
Do you have any plans right now?
Do you have any plans to come back to Australia?
Do you have any plans to come back to Boston?
Do you have any plans yet?
Do you have any plans?
Do you have any pot?
Do you have any powdered milk?
Do you have any predictions for what's going to happen in Algeria?
Do you have any predictions?
Do you have any preference between beef and lamb?
Do you have any previous appointments next Sunday?
Do you have any problem with Tom staying with us for a few weeks?
Do you have any problem with that?
Do you have any problem with what we have planned for tonight?
Do you have any problem?
Do you have any problems with that?
Do you have any problems?
Do you have any proof that that happened?
Do you have any proof?
Do you have any qualifications?
Do you have any quarters?
Do you have any queries before I start the interview?
Do you have any question on this lesson?
Do you have any questions about Islam?
Do you have any questions about the food?
Do you have any questions about the lesson?
Do you have any questions about the menu?
Do you have any questions about this lesson?
Do you have any questions about what needs to be done?
Do you have any questions before we get started?
Do you have any questions for Tom Jackson?
Do you have any questions for me?
Do you have any questions for the imam?
Do you have any questions for us?
Do you have any questions in this lesson?
Do you have any questions or comments?
Do you have any questions regarding today's lesson?
Do you have any questions?
Do you have any race shirts in extra small?
Do you have any real coffee?
Do you have any realistic long-term goals?
Do you have any reasonable explanation about it?
Do you have any recommendations for sightseeing?
Do you have any recommendations for something to read on Aozora Bunko?
Do you have any recommendations?
Do you have any red pencils?
Do you have any red roses left over? It's my wife's birthday.
Do you have any red wine?
Do you have any regional dishes?
Do you have any regrets in life?
Do you have any regrets?
Do you have any relatives besides Tom?
Do you have any relatives here?
Do you have any relatives in Australia?
Do you have any relatives in Boston?
Do you have any relatives living abroad?
Do you have any relatives living in other countries?
Do you have any relatives living overseas?
Do you have any relatives or friends who are from Brazil?
Do you have any religious affiliation?
Do you have any reservations about our reservation on the reservation?
Do you have any reviews for your coffee pots?
Do you have any rock CDs?
Do you have any rooms left for tonight?
Do you have any rooms with a shower and toilet?
Do you have any sales distributors in Japan?
Do you have any sales experience?
Do you have any samples?
Do you have any sandals?
Do you have any sandwich spread?
Do you have any scars?
Do you have any schnapps?
Do you have any school traditions or rituals?
Do you have any scissors?
Do you have any seat available for the next flight to Los Angeles?
Do you have any secrets?
Do you have any servants?
Do you have any shampoo?
Do you have any sherry?
Do you have any shirt in white?
Do you have any shirts in extra-large?
Do you have any siblings or children?
Do you have any siblings?
Do you have any sightseeing tours of this town?
Do you have any similar expressions in French?
Do you have any sisters?
Do you have any skills or talents?
Do you have any small change?
Do you have any smaller bills?
Do you have any smaller ones?
Do you have any smaller sizes?
Do you have any snacks that we could munch on?
Do you have any snacks?
Do you have any soap?
Do you have any social media accounts?
Do you have any soft drinks?
Do you have any sons?
Do you have any soup bowls?
Do you have any spare clothes?
Do you have any spare iron ingots?
Do you have any spare keys?
Do you have any special exhibits?
Do you have any special plans for Christmas?
Do you have any special plans for the holidays?
Do you have any special plans for the weekend?
Do you have any special plans for this summer?
Do you have any special reason why you want to go to America?
Do you have any special requests?
Do you have any special talents that you showcase at school?
Do you have any special talents, powers or abilities?
Do you have any special talents?
Do you have any staff who speak Japanese?
Do you have any stamps?
Do you have any standing room?
Do you have any stock?
Do you have any strategies for learning languages with complex writing systems?
Do you have any strategies for overcoming difficulties in pronouncing certain sounds?
Do you have any students like Tom?
Do you have any sugar?
Do you have any suggestions for class activities?
Do you have any suggestions for improving our website?
Do you have any suggestions?
Do you have any sunscreen?
Do you have any suntan lotion?
Do you have any supernatural abilities?
Do you have any suspects?
Do you have any symptoms?
Do you have any tape?
Do you have any tattoos?
Do you have any tax-free articles?
Do you have any tea?
Do you have any test strategies?
Do you have any tests coming up in school?
Do you have any theories?
Do you have any thoughts on my paper?
Do you have any thoughts on that?
Do you have any thoughts on the matter?
Do you have any thoughts?
Do you have any tickets for today's performance?
Do you have any tickets for today’s performance?
Do you have any tickets left for today's concert?
Do you have any tickets left?
Do you have any time to help me today?
Do you have any time today?
Do you have any tips for the exam?
Do you have any toys Tom can play with?
Do you have any travelers' checks?
Do you have any travelers’ checks?
Do you have any trouble with that?
Do you have any tuna?
Do you have any unexplained bruising or bleeding?
Do you have any unfinished business?
Do you have any unusual pets? Would you like to?
Do you have any upcoming exhibits?
Do you have any updates on that?
Do you have any vacancies?
Do you have any vacant rooms?
Do you have any vegan dishes?
Do you have any vegan options on the menu?
Do you have any vegetarian dishes?
Do you have any vegetarian options?
Do you have any vermouth?
Do you have any water?
Do you have any weapons in the vehicle?
Do you have any weapons on you?
Do you have any weapons?
Do you have any weed killer that removes ivy?
Do you have any weed?
Do you have any whiteout? I left mine at home.
Do you have any wine coolers?
Do you have any wooden cooking utensils?
Do you have any work experience?
Do you have any work on Monday?
Do you have any work-related achievements?
Do you have any work-related certifications?
Do you have any worries about them?
Do you have any wrapping paper?
Do you have any younger brothers?
Do you have any younger sisters?
Do you have any?
Do you have anyone bolder than me?
Do you have anyone in mind?
Do you have anyone on your staff who can speak French?
Do you have anyone on your staff who knows French?
Do you have anyone special in mind for the job?
Do you have anyone to look up to?
Do you have anyone who you can call if you need to talk?
Do you have anything I can eat right away?
Do you have anything I can take for the pain?
Do you have anything I can wash for you?
Do you have anything I could munch on?
Do you have anything a little cheaper?
Do you have anything against Tom?
Do you have anything alcoholic?
Do you have anything better?
Do you have anything bigger?
Do you have anything cheaper?
Do you have anything else planned for today?
Do you have anything else to add?
Do you have anything else to confess?
Do you have anything else to drink?
Do you have anything else to eat?
Do you have anything else to order?
Do you have anything else to say to me?
Do you have anything else to say?
Do you have anything else to tell us?
Do you have anything else you want to say?
Do you have anything else?
Do you have anything for a cold?
Do you have anything for a headache?
Do you have anything for a stomach ache?
Do you have anything for girls?
Do you have anything for headaches?
Do you have anything for me?
Do you have anything for puke?
Do you have anything further to say?
Do you have anything healthy to eat?
Do you have anything here I could eat?
Do you have anything hot to drink?
Do you have anything hot?
Do you have anything in mind?
Do you have anything in particular you want to know?
Do you have anything in the refrigerator that I can eat?
Do you have anything left for me to eat?
Do you have anything left?
Do you have anything less expensive?
Do you have anything more to say?
Do you have anything new to report?
Do you have anything next Wednesday?
Do you have anything non-alcoholic?
Do you have anything on Tom?
Do you have anything on for this weekend?
Do you have anything on the menu that doesn't come from any species of grass?
Do you have anything particular in mind?
Do you have anything particular to do on Sunday?
Do you have anything planned for this afternoon?
Do you have anything planned for this evening?
Do you have anything planned for today?
Do you have anything planned for tomorrow?
Do you have anything planned?
Do you have anything similar?
Do you have anything special in mind?
Do you have anything stronger?
Do you have anything that you can sell?
Do you have anything that's ready to eat?
Do you have anything to add to his explanation?
Do you have anything to add?
Do you have anything to ask me?
Do you have anything to change into?
Do you have anything to declare?
Do you have anything to dig with?
Do you have anything to do after that?
Do you have anything to do today?
Do you have anything to do tonight?
Do you have anything to do with that company?
Do you have anything to drink?
Do you have anything to eat in your pack?
Do you have anything to eat?
Do you have anything to offer Tom?
Do you have anything to offer to Tom?
Do you have anything to read?
Do you have anything to relieve a headache?
Do you have anything to remove stains?
Do you have anything to report?
Do you have anything to say about this?
Do you have anything to say for yourself?
Do you have anything to say in connection with this?
Do you have anything to say in particular?
Do you have anything to say regarding this?
Do you have anything to say to us?
Do you have anything to say with regard to this matter?
Do you have anything to say?
Do you have anything to take for headaches?
Do you have anything to talk about?
Do you have anything to tell me?
Do you have anything to wear to the dance?
Do you have anything to wear?
Do you have anything to write with in there?
Do you have anything to write with?
Do you have anything to write?
Do you have anything warm?
Do you have anything you can sell?
Do you have anything you have to do this afternoon?
Do you have anything you need to say to Tom?
Do you have anything you want me to wash?
Do you have anything you want to say to us?
Do you have anything you want to say?
Do you have anything you'd like to ask Tom?
Do you have anything you'd like to tell me?
Do you have anything?
Do you have anywhere to go?
Do you have anywhere to stay?
Do you have apple pie?
Do you have apples?
Do you have ashtrays?
Do you have assembly instructions?
Do you have athletic shoes for workouts?
Do you have attacks of dizziness?
Do you have bad hearing?
Do you have bad luck?
Do you have bagels?
Do you have bananas?
Do you have beer too?
Do you have beer?
Do you have better ideas?
Do you have better quality ones?
Do you have bicycles?
Do you have big ones?
Do you have binoculars?
Do you have blankets?
Do you have bleeding gums?
Do you have bread for breakfast?
Do you have bread for lunch?
Do you have bread in your bag for today?
Do you have breakfast at home?
Do you have breakfast at the same time every morning?
Do you have brochures in French?
Do you have brothers and sisters?
Do you have brothers or sisters?
Do you have brown eyes?
Do you have butter and beef?
Do you have butterflies in your stomach about your upcoming speech?
Do you have career ambitions?
Do you have cash on you now? Could you lend me some?
Do you have cash worth more than ten thousand euros?
Do you have cash?
Do you have cataracts?
Do you have cats?
Do you have cellulite?
Do you have certain specialties?
Do you have change for a 50?
Do you have change for a dollar?
Do you have change for a fifty?
Do you have change for this bill?
Do you have change?
Do you have cheaper ones?
Do you have chicken soup?
Do you have children already?
Do you have children of your own?
Do you have children's clothes?
Do you have children, too?
Do you have children?
Do you have children’s clothes?
Do you have class on Saturday?
Do you have classes on Saturday?
Do you have classes this Friday?
Do you have classes today?
Do you have classes with Tom?
Do you have classes with her?
Do you have classes with him?
Do you have classes with them?
Do you have colored pencils?
Do you have comfortable shoes for walking?
Do you have comic books?
Do you have confidence in your physical strength?
Do you have confidence in yourselves?
Do you have coronavirus symptoms?
Do you have cough drops?
Do you have courses for beginners?
Do you have crabs?
Do you have curry and rice?
Do you have curry and some rice?
Do you have curry with rice?
Do you have daughters?
Do you have deep sea phobia?
Do you have dental floss?
Do you have dependents?
Do you have dessert?
Do you have diabetes?
Do you have diarrhea?
Do you have difficult co-workers?
Do you have difficulties getting your weight down?
Do you have difficulty breathing when you lie down flat?
Do you have difficulty losing weight?
Do you have difficulty standing up?
Do you have difficulty understanding what women or small children say to you?
Do you have difficulty urinating?
Do you have dinner plans?
Do you have dinner ready?
Do you have dogs?
Do you have doubts?
Do you have dress shoes for special occasions?
Do you have dried salted beef?
Do you have drinks without alcohol?
Do you have dual citizenship?
Do you have earphones?
Do you have earrings on?
Do you have eggs?
Do you have either a dog or a cat?
Do you have electric coffee pots?
Do you have employees who speak Japanese?
Do you have end cutting pliers?
Do you have enough blankets?
Do you have enough energy?
Do you have enough food?
Do you have enough free time?
Do you have enough guts?
Do you have enough health insurance?
Do you have enough information to go on?
Do you have enough life insurance?
Do you have enough money already?
Do you have enough money for a ticket?
Do you have enough money for the trip?
Do you have enough money left?
Do you have enough money to buy everything you need?
Do you have enough money to buy one?
Do you have enough money to buy that cap?
Do you have enough money to buy that?
Do you have enough money to buy what you need?
Do you have enough money to retire?
Do you have enough money?
Do you have enough paper?
Do you have enough people here to play volleyball?
Do you have enough room?
Do you have enough rope?
Do you have enough sentences to find your way?
Do you have enough space in the apartment for a study area?
Do you have enough space?
Do you have enough storage space in the apartment?
Do you have enough time to buy enough things for souvenirs?
Do you have enough time to change?
Do you have enough time to do that?
Do you have enough time?
Do you have enough to eat?
Do you have enough traps?
Do you have enough wire?
Do you have enough?
Do you have everything fixed?
Do you have everything that you need?
Do you have everything we need?
Do you have everything you need?
Do you have everything you'll need for your trip?
Do you have everything?
Do you have evidence?
Do you have exact change?
Do you have experience doing this?
Do you have experience working in a customer-oriented role?
Do you have experience working in the healthcare sector?
Do you have experience working with CRM systems?
Do you have experience working with data analysis?
Do you have experience working with graphic design software?
Do you have experience working with online advertising platforms?
Do you have experience working with project budgets?
Do you have experience working with spreadsheets?
Do you have experience?
Do you have eyedrops?
Do you have family here?
Do you have family in Algeria?
Do you have family in Australia?
Do you have family in Boston?
Do you have family or friends in Poland?
Do you have family?
Do you have feelings for Tom?
Do you have feelings for her?
Do you have feelings for him, too?
Do you have feelings for him?
Do you have feelings of guilt?
Do you have fig jam?
Do you have fire insurance?
Do you have first aid ice packs?
Do you have fish at this zoo?
Do you have fishing nets?
Do you have five cents?
Do you have five dollars?
Do you have flat feet?
Do you have food at home?
Do you have food?
Do you have foreign stamps?
Do you have formal shoes for ceremonies?
Do you have frequent earaches?
Do you have fresh strawberries?
Do you have friends in Antigua?
Do you have friends in Australia?
Do you have friends in Boston?
Do you have friends in your class?
Do you have friends in your year?
Do you have friends on Tatoeba?
Do you have friends or relatives here?
Do you have friends with children?
Do you have gin and vermouth?
Do you have glaucoma?
Do you have gloves I could borrow?
Do you have gloves?
Do you have glow-worms in your garden?
Do you have gold?
Do you have good memories of it?
Do you have good memories of school?
Do you have gout?
Do you have grandchildren?
Do you have grapefruit juice?
Do you have green eyes?
Do you have green?
Do you have ground black pepper for sale?
Do you have guests for dinner?
Do you have guests over for dinner?
Do you have guests?
Do you have gym membership?
Do you have hair clippers?
Do you have halal food?
Do you have half-day tours?
Do you have hard evidence?
Do you have headaches? You haven't had your shots for quite a while.
Do you have headphones?
Do you have health insurance?
Do you have heart disease?
Do you have heartburn?
Do you have hepatitis?
Do you have her phone number?
Do you have her work number?
Do you have high blood pressure?
Do you have hiking boots?
Do you have his number?
Do you have his phone number?
Do you have his work number?
Do you have home delivery?
Do you have homework?
Do you have honey?
Do you have hot towels?
Do you have hydrogen peroxide?
Do you have idea where your dog is now?
Do you have identification?
Do you have injuries?
Do you have insomnia?
Do you have instructions on how to put it together?
Do you have insurance?
Do you have internet access at home?
Do you have internet at home?
Do you have it all memorized?
Do you have it by any chance?
Do you have it in green?
Do you have it one size larger than this?
Do you have it one size smaller than this?
Do you have it with you?
Do you have it yet?
Do you have it?
Do you have jeans in my size?
Do you have jumper cables?
Do you have kidney stones?
Do you have kids in school?
Do you have kids?
Do you have lager?
Do you have language books?
Do you have laundry service?
Do you have laundry to do?
Do you have leadership potential?
Do you have less expensive ones?
Do you have lessons at night?
Do you have lice?
Do you have life insurance?
Do you have light in the bathroom?
Do you have lipstick on?
Do you have long to live?
Do you have lotion? My hands are a bit dry.
Do you have lots of books?
Do you have lots of friends?
Do you have lots of pens?
Do you have lovers?
Do you have low self-esteem?
Do you have lucid dreams?
Do you have lunch at school?
Do you have lunch plans?
Do you have lunch together?
Do you have magnets stuck to your fridge?
Do you have mangoes?
Do you have many different hobbies?
Do you have many friends here in Boston?
Do you have many friends here in Japan?
Do you have many friends who don't eat meat?
Do you have many friends?
Do you have many guests?
Do you have many hobbies?
Do you have many jazz records?
Do you have many out-of-town assignments?
Do you have many scars?
Do you have many siblings?
Do you have matches?
Do you have me on your list?
Do you have medical insurance?
Do you have milk?
Do you have mineral water?
Do you have mittens?
Do you have mobile phones?
Do you have money for a cab?
Do you have money for a taxi?
Do you have money for a ticket?
Do you have money for the taxi?
Do you have money left?
Do you have money with you?
Do you have money?
Do you have more milk?
Do you have more nieces or more nephews?
Do you have more of these?
Do you have more questions?
Do you have more suitcases?
Do you have more than one bathing suit?
Do you have more than one copy of this key?
Do you have more than one girlfriend?
Do you have more than one mobile phone?
Do you have more than one swimsuit?
Do you have more than three pair of shoes?
Do you have more to say?
Do you have more trucks or buses in your company?
Do you have more water?
Do you have more work than usual today?
Do you have much free time?
Do you have much money with you?
Do you have much snow here?
Do you have much snow in your country?
Do you have much time to spare?
Do you have much to do with your neighbours?
Do you have much to do?
Do you have my address?
Do you have my bill ready?
Do you have my book?
Do you have my coat?
Do you have my key yet?
Do you have my key?
Do you have my money or not?
Do you have my money?
Do you have my nail file?
Do you have my passport?
Do you have my phone number?
Do you have needle and thread?
Do you have new shoes?
Do you have news for me?
Do you have nightmares?
Do you have no remorse?
Do you have no sense of compassion or empathy?
Do you have no shame?
Do you have non-alcoholic drinks?
Do you have nosebleeds often?
Do you have nothing to say?
Do you have olive oil?
Do you have one a little bigger than these?
Do you have one a little smaller?
Do you have one euro?
Do you have one in blue?
Do you have one of these?
Do you have one that is a little smaller?
Do you have one that's cheaper?
Do you have one that’s cheaper?
Do you have one-day tours?
Do you have one?
Do you have only one best friend or many?
Do you have options?
Do you have other CDs?
Do you have other books?
Do you have other bright ideas?
Do you have other family?
Do you have other pictures of her?
Do you have other types?
Do you have pain when urinating?
Do you have paper?
Do you have parents?
Do you have pen pals from Indonesia?
Do you have pencils with you?
Do you have pencils?
Do you have permission for that?
Do you have permission to be doing that?
Do you have permission to be here?
Do you have permission to do that?
Do you have permission?
Do you have pictures of Tom's kids?
Do you have pictures of the apartment?
Do you have pictures of your kids with you?
Do you have pictures with your wife?
Do you have plans for Monday night?
Do you have plans for Monday?
Do you have plans for Saturday?
Do you have plans for additional education?
Do you have plans for dinner?
Do you have plans for next week?
Do you have plans for next weekend?
Do you have plans for this afternoon?
Do you have plans for this weekend?
Do you have plans for today?
Do you have plans for tomorrow night?
Do you have plans for tomorrow?
Do you have plans for tonight?
Do you have plans this evening?
Do you have plans tomorrow morning?
Do you have plans tomorrow night?
Do you have plans tonight?
Do you have plans?
Do you have problems in losing weight?
Do you have problems understanding what women and children say to you?
Do you have problems with anything?
Do you have problems with your family?
Do you have professional experience?
Do you have proof for your claims?
Do you have proof of that?
Do you have proof that God exists?
Do you have proof?
Do you have psychic powers?
Do you have python snakes?
Do you have rain gear with you?
Do you have red wine?
Do you have regular bowel movements?
Do you have relatives abroad?
Do you have relatives here?
Do you have relatives in Australia?
Do you have relatives in Boston?
Do you have relatives living in Australia?
Do you have renaissance paintings?
Do you have rice?
Do you have ringing in your ears?
Do you have room for a tent?
Do you have room for another person in your car?
Do you have room for one more?
Do you have room for this?
Do you have room to park a truck this size?
Do you have room to park this thing?
Do you have rubber boots?
Do you have rubbing alcohol?
Do you have running shoes?
Do you have safety deposit boxes?
Do you have sandals?
Do you have satellite television?
Do you have savings in both stocks and bonds?
Do you have savings to fall back on?
Do you have schizophrenia?
Do you have school lunch?
Do you have school on Saturdays?
Do you have school today?
Do you have scientific evidence that an invisibly small teapot isn't orbiting the earth?
Do you have seasonal allergies?
Do you have seats available for the concert?
Do you have separate accounts or a joint account?
Do you have sheet music?
Do you have shoes and socks?
Do you have shortness of breath when at rest, while walking, climbing stairs, or doing more strenuous physical exercise?
Do you have shortness of breath?
Do you have siblings?
Do you have small change with you?
Do you have small change?
Do you have small children?
Do you have small ones?
Do you have smaller sizes?
Do you have snow tires for your car?
Do you have snow tires on your car?
Do you have soft drinks?
Do you have some bread? I'm going to feed the pigeons.
Do you have some buttermilk?
Do you have some chalk?
Do you have some cream I can put on this cut?
Do you have some curry and rice?
Do you have some curry and some rice?
Do you have some dango?
Do you have some dental floss?
Do you have some free time?
Do you have some good medicine?
Do you have some good writing paper?
Do you have some kind of backup airfield?
Do you have some kind of backup airport?
Do you have some kind of backup plan?
Do you have some kind of hobby?
Do you have some lip balm? My lips are dry.
Do you have some medicine good for a cold?
Do you have some milk?
Do you have some money?
Do you have some other explanation?
Do you have some paper or something?
Do you have some pencils?
Do you have some pictures of Tom from his childhood?
Do you have some tea?
Do you have some time for me?
Do you have some time to talk about our lord and savior, Tom Jackson?
Do you have some time?
Do you have some water in your car?
Do you have some wine?
Do you have some?
Do you have someone in mind for the job?
Do you have someone in mind?
Do you have someone in your life?
Do you have someone meeting you?
Do you have someone special in your life?
Do you have someone with you?
Do you have someplace else to be, Tom?
Do you have someplace to go?
Do you have someplace to stay?
Do you have something I can cook with?
Do you have something I can cut this with?
Do you have something against Tom?
Do you have something against him?
Do you have something against weddings?
Do you have something better than this?
Do you have something else in mind?
Do you have something else more pressing to do?
Do you have something else?
Do you have something for me to do?
Do you have something for me?
Do you have something for rhinitis?
Do you have something for us?
Do you have something in mind?
Do you have something less expensive?
Do you have something like that at home?
Do you have something new to report?
Do you have something on your mind?
Do you have something planned?
Do you have something really hot?
Do you have something stronger to drink?
Do you have something that you paid a lot of money for but have hardly ever used?
Do you have something that you want to say to me?
Do you have something that's good for a cough?
Do you have something to add, Tom?
Do you have something to add?
Do you have something to change into?
Do you have something to complain about?
Do you have something to declare?
Do you have something to do today?
Do you have something to do with that company?
Do you have something to do with that?
Do you have something to do with this group?
Do you have something to drink?
Do you have something to eat?
Do you have something to hide?
Do you have something to make this headache go away?
Do you have something to read on the plane?
Do you have something to read?
Do you have something to report?
Do you have something to say about this?
Do you have something to say to me?
Do you have something to say?
Do you have something to show me?
Do you have something to tell me?
Do you have something to write with?
Do you have something warm?
Do you have something with keys?
Do you have something you want to say to me?
Do you have something you want to say to us?
Do you have something you want to say?
Do you have something you want to tell me?
Do you have something you'd like to say?
Do you have something you'd like to tell me?
Do you have somewhere to go?
Do you have somewhere to stay?
Do you have spare keys?
Do you have special licence plates?
Do you have steamed vegetables?
Do you have stomach pain?
Do you have strawberries?
Do you have strong likes and dislikes for certain food?
Do you have sufficient revenue?
Do you have sugar? The tea is very bitter.
Do you have swelling in your legs only in the evening?
Do you have syphilis?
Do you have tattoos?
Do you have tea?
Do you have temperature and your throat hurts?
Do you have ten euro bills?
Do you have that bottle?
Do you have that in any other colours?
Do you have that in blue?
Do you have that in other colours as well?
Do you have the Austrian passport?
Do you have the Berber keyboard on your computer?
Do you have the Berber keyboard on your phone?
Do you have the Kabyle keyboard?
Do you have the ability to do that?
Do you have the address?
Do you have the answer?
Do you have the audio book?
Do you have the authority to do that?
Do you have the blue box?
Do you have the blueprints?
Do you have the book?
Do you have the brains to realize it and the guts to act on it?
Do you have the bus schedule?
Do you have the car keys?
Do you have the conscience to do such a thing?
Do you have the correct cable?
Do you have the correct time?
Do you have the courage to do that?
Do you have the courage to do this?
Do you have the courage to help me realize my plan?
Do you have the document?
Do you have the documents?
Do you have the exact address?
Do you have the flu?
Do you have the guts to do that?
Do you have the habit of turning on the television as soon as you get home?
Do you have the internet at home?
Do you have the key here?
Do you have the key to this door?
Do you have the key to this room?
Do you have the key to this suitcase?
Do you have the key to this?
Do you have the key?
Do you have the keys to the storage room?
Do you have the keys to this room?
Do you have the keys?
Do you have the latest version?
Do you have the letter with you?
Do you have the list of participants?
Do you have the list of things we need to buy?
Do you have the list?
Do you have the manual?
Do you have the map?
Do you have the medicine?
Do you have the missing page?
Do you have the money?
Do you have the most recent version of this software?
Do you have the nerve to do that?
Do you have the new schedule?
Do you have the newspaper?
Do you have the painting?
Do you have the passports?
Do you have the password?
Do you have the picture?
Do you have the receipt?
Do you have the recipe?
Do you have the remote?
Do you have the report yet?
Do you have the rota for last week?
Do you have the rota for next week?
Do you have the rota for this week?
Do you have the sales slip?
Do you have the same thing in a different color?
Do you have the schedule?
Do you have the shirt a size bigger?
Do you have the shirt a size larger?
Do you have the shotgun shells?
Do you have the silverware?
Do you have the skates?
Do you have the skeleton key?
Do you have the sketch?
Do you have the skill to do that?
Do you have the solution?
Do you have the source code?
Do you have the sprockets?
Do you have the stick?
Do you have the stuff you need to make the rug?
Do you have the symptoms?
Do you have the thing you need to take the wheel off?
Do you have the tickets?
Do you have the time to drink something?
Do you have the time to listen to me?
Do you have the time to run over the draft of my speech, Ken?
Do you have the time?
Do you have the top or the bottom bunk?
Do you have the train schedule?
Do you have the vaccine?
Do you have their address?
Do you have them in blue?
Do you have them?
Do you have these in other colors?
Do you have these in other colours?
Do you have these kinds of things at your school?
Do you have these shoes in my size?
Do you have this app?
Do you have this book?
Do you have this hat in a different color?
Do you have this in a bigger size?
Do you have this in a different color?
Do you have this in a different colour?
Do you have this in a larger size?
Do you have this in a size 13?
Do you have this in a smaller size?
Do you have this in another color?
Do you have this in another colour?
Do you have this in any other colors?
Do you have this in any other colours?
Do you have this in black, too?
Do you have this in blue?
Do you have this in large?
Do you have this in medium?
Do you have this in my size?
Do you have this in other sizes?
Do you have this in size 13?
Do you have this in small?
Do you have this jacket in different colors?
Do you have this jacket in different colours?
Do you have this key?
Do you have this new book?
Do you have this number memorized?
Do you have this one in a size up?
Do you have this pair of shoes in bigger sizes?
Do you have this shirt in black?
Do you have this shirt in other sizes?
Do you have this symptom often?
Do you have tickets for today's performance?
Do you have time for a cup of coffee?
Do you have time for a drink?
Do you have time for a quick game of checkers?
Do you have time for breakfast?
Do you have time for coffee?
Do you have time for lunch?
Do you have time for me?
Do you have time for one more beer?
Do you have time for one more cup of coffee?
Do you have time for one more question?
Do you have time in the morning?
Do you have time now?
Do you have time on Friday?
Do you have time on Monday?
Do you have time on Tuesday?
Do you have time on today?
Do you have time the day after tomorrow?
Do you have time this morning?
Do you have time to chat more later?
Do you have time to come by this week?
Do you have time to come tomorrow?
Do you have time to come with us?
Do you have time to do that now?
Do you have time to do that on Monday?
Do you have time to do that today?
Do you have time to do that?
Do you have time to drink something?
Do you have time to eat lunch now?
Do you have time to eat lunch with me?
Do you have time to eat?
Do you have time to go there?
Do you have time to go?
Do you have time to have dinner with me tonight?
Do you have time to help me?
Do you have time to help us tomorrow?
Do you have time to read that report today?
Do you have time to read the newspaper in the morning?
Do you have time to sit down and have some coffee?
Do you have time to talk?
Do you have time tomorrow afternoon?
Do you have time tomorrow?
Do you have time?
Do you have tinnitus?
Do you have title to that property?
Do you have to be crazy to do this?
Do you have to be doing that now?
Do you have to be good at sight-reading in order to be a studio musician?
Do you have to be here tomorrow?
Do you have to be here?
Do you have to be young to do that?
Do you have to bother Tom even on vacation?
Do you have to cook?
Do you have to cough often?
Do you have to decide that now?
Do you have to declare all of your income?
Do you have to do it now?
Do you have to do that again?
Do you have to do that every day?
Do you have to do that now?
Do you have to do that right now?
Do you have to do that today?
Do you have to do that, too?
Do you have to do that?
Do you have to do this every time?
Do you have to do this now?
Do you have to do this often?
Do you have to do this right now?
Do you have to do this very often?
Do you have to do this?
Do you have to do your homework now?
Do you have to dress up every day for work?
Do you have to eat dinner?
Do you have to eat?
Do you have to get back to the office?
Do you have to give a talk?
Do you have to go abroad again or not anymore?
Do you have to go anywhere else?
Do you have to go home now?
Do you have to go now?
Do you have to go on about it?
Do you have to go so soon?
Do you have to go somewhere?
Do you have to go there by yourself?
Do you have to go there every day?
Do you have to go to Australia?
Do you have to go to Boston?
Do you have to go to market, too?
Do you have to go to school on Saturdays?
Do you have to go to school today?
Do you have to go to the post office?
Do you have to go to work today?
Do you have to go to work tomorrow?
Do you have to go today?
Do you have to go?
Do you have to help Tom?
Do you have to keep going on about it?
Do you have to keep harping on about it?
Do you have to keep interrupting?
Do you have to keep rubbing it in?
Do you have to laugh at everything I suggest?
Do you have to laugh at everything?
Do you have to leave today?
Do you have to leave?
Do you have to make a speech?
Do you have to make dinner?
Do you have to make the bed every day?
Do you have to open the window?
Do you have to pay a monthly fee for your bank's current account?
Do you have to pay for everything?
Do you have to pay to get in here?
Do you have to read that report today?
Do you have to read?
Do you have to rent a car?
Do you have to share your bedroom with anyone?
Do you have to sing now?
Do you have to sing?
Do you have to sort things out now?
Do you have to stay at home today?
Do you have to stay home today?
Do you have to stay in Australia all week?
Do you have to stay in Boston all week?
Do you have to stay in Boston as long as Tom does?
Do you have to stay?
Do you have to study French?
Do you have to tell Tom?
Do you have to turn it clockwise or counter-clockwise?
Do you have to use money?
Do you have to wait five hours to poop?
Do you have to walk to school every day?
Do you have to wear a helmet when you're working?
Do you have to wear a suit to work?
Do you have to wear a tie at work?
Do you have to wear a tie to work?
Do you have to work hard for your studies? Yes, it doesn't come naturally.
Do you have to work hard for your studies? Yes, it doesn't happen automatically.
Do you have to work late again?
Do you have to work next Monday?
Do you have to work on Christmas?
Do you have to work on Halloween?
Do you have to work on Saturdays?
Do you have to work on Sundays?
Do you have to work today?
Do you have to work tomorrow?
Do you have to work tonight?
Do you have to yell this much?
Do you have to yell?
Do you have today's newspaper?
Do you have today's paper?
Do you have today's tickets?
Do you have today’s tickets?
Do you have tomorrow off?
Do you have toothache?
Do you have travel insurance?
Do you have trouble breathing?
Do you have trouble concentrating?
Do you have trouble sleeping at night?
Do you have trouble sleeping?
Do you have trouble standing up?
Do you have trouble understanding what women or babies say to you?
Do you have tuna fish?
Do you have two books?
Do you have two computers?
Do you have two different phone numbers?
Do you have underwater photography equipment?
Do you have vaginal discharge?
Do you have vegetarian pilaf?
Do you have vegetarian pulao?
Do you have vertigo?
Do you have walking boots?
Do you have walking shoes?
Do you have wet wipes? I spilled coffee on my pants.
Do you have what I asked for?
Do you have what it takes to be a coach?
Do you have what it takes to make it big?
Do you have what it takes?
Do you have what we need?
Do you have what you need?
Do you have work experience?
Do you have young children?
Do you have younger brothers?
Do you have your ID?
Do you have your bathing suit with you?
Do you have your camera with you?
Do you have your cell on you?
Do you have your clarinet with you?
Do you have your coat on?
Do you have your driver's license with you?
Do you have your driver's license?
Do you have your driver’s license?
Do you have your driving licence with you?
Do you have your driving licence?
Do you have your flashlight?
Do you have your guitar with you?
Do you have your iPad with you?
Do you have your keys on you?
Do you have your keys?
Do you have your laptop with you?
Do you have your marriage certificate with you?
Do you have your mobile phone with you?
Do you have your mobile with you?
Do you have your own apartment?
Do you have your own bank account?
Do you have your own bedroom?
Do you have your own car?
Do you have your own flat?
Do you have your own home?
Do you have your own house?
Do you have your own opinion?
Do you have your own room?
Do you have your own transportation?
Do you have your papers on you?
Do you have your papers with you?
Do you have your parking permit?
Do you have your passport on you now?
Do you have your passport with you?
Do you have your passport?
Do you have your pills?
Do you have your plane ticket?
Do you have your receipt?
Do you have your seatbelt on?
Do you have your seatbelts on?
Do you have your student ID card?
Do you have your student identification card?
Do you have your stuff with you?
Do you have your suitcase already packed?
Do you have your swimsuit with you?
Do you have your umbrella with you?
Do you hear Yanny or Laurel?
Do you hear a bird?
Do you hear any sound?
Do you hear anything?
Do you hear bagpipes?
Do you hear birds?
Do you hear from Tom often?
Do you hear from her often?
Do you hear from your son from time to time?
Do you hear him?
Do you hear how fast he speaks?
Do you hear it rustling?
Do you hear it?
Do you hear me now?
Do you hear me well now?
Do you hear me?
Do you hear rustling?
Do you hear someone moving around in the next room?
Do you hear someone moving in next room?
Do you hear something?
Do you hear that buzzing?
Do you hear that rustling?
Do you hear that sound?
Do you hear that strange noise, too?
Do you hear that too?
Do you hear that voice?
Do you hear that, Dan? You're doing a disservice to the community.
Do you hear that, Mom? The boys are laughing at me again!
Do you hear that, too?
Do you hear that?
Do you hear that? Someone's playing the violin!
Do you hear the alarm?
Do you hear the beep?
Do you hear the bird singing in the cage?
Do you hear the birds singing?
Do you hear the drums?
Do you hear the mountains speak?
Do you hear the music?
Do you hear the ocean's call?
Do you hear the ocean's gentle song?
Do you hear the phone?
Do you hear the river's gentle song?
Do you hear the river's quiet song?
Do you hear the silence between the winds?
Do you hear the silence between us?
Do you hear the silence of the night?
Do you hear the snow against the window-panes, Kitty? How nice and soft it sounds!
Do you hear the sound of the birds?
Do you hear the sound of the wind?
Do you hear the waves?
Do you hear the whispers of the trees?
Do you hear the woodpecker?
Do you hear those pickaxe sounds?
Do you hear voices?
Do you hear what I hear?
Do you hear what I'm saying?
Do you hear what Tom is saying?
Do you hear yourself?
Do you help Tom?
Do you help him?
Do you help me?
Do you help others succeed?
Do you help your wife at home?
Do you hike?
Do you hit your children?
Do you hold him in great account?
Do you honestly believe Tom and Mary are telling the truth?
Do you honestly believe Tom is telling the truth?
Do you honestly believe that?
Do you honestly think I'd do something like that?
Do you honestly think Tom and Mary have a chance to win?
Do you honestly think Tom has a chance to win?
Do you honestly think Tom would do that?
Do you honestly think that I'd do something like that?
Do you honestly think that Tom has a chance to win?
Do you honestly think we can do this?
Do you honestly think you still need that old hairdryer?
Do you honor these coupons?
Do you honor this credit card?
Do you hunt?
Do you hurt anywhere?
Do you hyperventilate?
Do you intend to answer all my questions truthfully?
Do you intend to buy that?
Do you intend to call a doctor?
Do you intend to change something in your life someday?
Do you intend to come to Australia?
Do you intend to come to Boston?
Do you intend to come tomorrow?
Do you intend to dance today?
Do you intend to do that again?
Do you intend to do that by yourself?
Do you intend to do that by yourselves?
Do you intend to do that here?
Do you intend to do that today?
Do you intend to do that tomorrow?
Do you intend to do that with Tom?
Do you intend to do that?
Do you intend to eat all that?
Do you intend to eat that whole cake by yourself?
Do you intend to get Tom something for Christmas?
Do you intend to get married someday?
Do you intend to go hiking with Tom?
Do you intend to go swimming today?
Do you intend to go to Ankara?
Do you intend to go to Australia in October?
Do you intend to go to Australia?
Do you intend to go to Boston by bus?
Do you intend to go to Boston in October?
Do you intend to go to Boston?
Do you intend to go to Rio?
Do you intend to go to that restaurant?
Do you intend to help Tom?
Do you intend to help her?
Do you intend to help him?
Do you intend to help me?
Do you intend to help them?
Do you intend to help us?
Do you intend to ignore me forever?
Do you intend to join that tennis club?
Do you intend to keep working here?
Do you intend to leave already?
Do you intend to leave us?
Do you intend to make fun of me in front of my friends?
Do you intend to pursue your education?
Do you intend to sell this painting?
Do you intend to stay in Australia for a while?
Do you intend to stay in Boston for a while?
Do you intend to take part in the contest?
Do you intend to take part in the interview?
Do you intend to teach Esperanto to your children?
Do you intend to throw away in one instant what our family has painstakingly built up?
Do you intend to work here next year, too?
Do you jack it off often?
Do you jog every day?
Do you judge people by the company that they keep?
Do you judge people by the company they keep?
Do you keep a diary?
Do you keep a dream diary?
Do you keep a dream journal?
Do you keep a journal?
Do you keep all the promises that you make?
Do you keep all the promises you make?
Do you keep beer and juice stocked at your house?
Do you keep in contact with your high school classmates?
Do you keep in touch with Tom?
Do you keep in touch with your kids?
Do you keep promises?
Do you keep your money in a bank?
Do you keep your phone near your bed when you're sleeping?
Do you keep your room clean?
Do you keep your toothbrushes in the bathroom?
Do you kiss your children goodbye every morning?
Do you kiss your mother with that mouth?
Do you knit?
Do you know Adam?
Do you know Anne-Marie Delcambre, the French Islamologist who laid bare Muslim dogma?
Do you know Arabic?
Do you know Australia well?
Do you know Berber tongue-twisters?
Do you know Boston well?
Do you know Brother "Rachid", the famous Christian intellectual who helped many Muslims understand true Islam?
Do you know C++?
Do you know CPR?
Do you know Cairo?
Do you know Chinese?
Do you know Duolingo?
Do you know English?
Do you know Enver Pasha?
Do you know Esperanto?
Do you know Father Grassi?
Do you know Ferhat Mehenni?
