I find him very easy to talk to.
I find his boring speeches annoying.
I find his every word truly offensive.
I find his hat ugly.
I find his ideas about leisure interesting.
I find his language vulgar.
I find his opinions odd but interesting.
I find his preachy comments rather annoying.
I find his words strange, do you?
I find his works interesting.
I find historic castles to be fascinating.
I find interest in the social page in that newspaper.
I find it a bit worrying.
I find it abusive to dig up someone's past to make them stay in a relationship against their own will.
I find it amazing that in the Slavic languages the word â€œsweetâ€ originally meant â€œsaltyâ€!
I find it amazing that in the Slavic languages the word “sweet” originally meant “salty”!
I find it apt to cause misunderstanding that society confers such emotional privileges upon youth.
I find it astonishing that you have done that.
I find it boring everything I do not fall in love with.
I find it challenging to prioritize my preferences.
I find it challenging to relate to children.
I find it contradictory that the same sentence, when used by a native speaker, is automatically OK, but not when used by a non-native speaker.
I find it convenient to receive it.
I find it crazy that Tom did that.
I find it difficult to answer your question.
I find it difficult to answer.
I find it difficult to articulate my thoughts into words.
I find it difficult to balance my career and the needs of my children.
I find it difficult to be patient.
I find it difficult to believe that you of all people have come to this place.
I find it difficult to believe that you'd rather stay home than go to a party.
I find it difficult to believe that.
I find it difficult to believe.
I find it difficult to control my emotions.
I find it difficult to do all this work in a day.
I find it difficult to establish a connection between these two things.
I find it difficult to express my meaning in words.
I find it difficult to express my thoughts with words.
I find it difficult to express myself in French.
I find it difficult to find people to speak with who don't know English.
I find it difficult to give speeches in French.
I find it difficult to go to the gym at the end of a long day.
I find it difficult to pinpoint my life’s ambitions.
I find it difficult to put up with him as he's such an overbearing control freak!
I find it difficult to relax or find peace when my mind is constantly preoccupied.
I find it difficult to talk to you about anything serious.
I find it difficult to tell Tom I miss him.
I find it difficult to trust people I don't know.
I find it difficult to understand French when it's spoken quickly.
I find it difficult to understand what he is saying.
I find it difficult to wrap my head around the notion of normality.
I find it disheartening that you've chosen to act in such a disrespectful and thoughtless manner.
I find it draining to do the same things daily.
I find it easy to do that.
I find it enviable that they are able to progress in such harmony.
I find it exhausting to listen to him.
I find it extremely difficult to tolerate him.
I find it fascinating how spiders spin webs.
I find it fascinating to compare Faroese and Norwegian.
I find it hard to accept that he’s still without a partner.
I find it hard to answer.
I find it hard to be bored with so much to do.
I find it hard to believe Tom was involved in the kidnapping.
I find it hard to believe in miracles.
I find it hard to believe that Tom and Mary were involved in the kidnapping.
I find it hard to believe that Tom really wants to go to Boston.
I find it hard to believe that Tom was involved in the kidnapping.
I find it hard to believe that Tom would do something like that.
I find it hard to believe that that's going to happen.
I find it hard to believe that's going to happen.
I find it hard to believe.
I find it hard to embrace my true identity.
I find it hard to express my feelings in words.
I find it hard to express who I really am.
I find it hard to fall asleep when I'm hungry.
I find it hard to fit in with his friends.
I find it hard to focus.
I find it hard to get up early on cold mornings.
I find it hard to grasp these concepts.
I find it hard to imagine that anyone could possibly believe this.
I find it hard to imagine.
I find it hard to let go of my anger towards you.
I find it hard to let go of what happened.
I find it hard to lie to Tom.
I find it hard to put my thoughts into words.
I find it hard to quit smoking.
I find it hard to relax here.
I find it hard to remember new phrases.
I find it hard to respect someone with such a big head.
I find it hard to rest during the night.
I find it hard to talk about myself.
I find it hard to think about losing you.
I find it hard to trust your words.
I find it hard to understand Tom's French.
I find it hard to understand Tom.
I find it hard to understand her behaviour.
I find it hard to understand him.
I find it hard to understand his behaviour.
I find it hard to understand spoken French.
I find it hard to understand what they say.
I find it highly suspicious.
I find it hilarious.
I find it important to learn French.
I find it interesting that you've argued so hard for drastic reduction of the number of names in sentences as a means of preventing near-duplicates, and yet you're arguing for intentionally adding another kind of near-duplicates. You should think about that inconsistency.
I find it interesting.
I find it irritating when people talk during concerts.
I find it much easier to speak French than English.
I find it necessary to be able to say what I feel.
I find it odd that there isn't anyone on the street at this hour.
I find it plausible.
I find it quite hard to concentrate.
I find it really hard to understand the reasons behind certain decisions.
I find it repulsive to consider making love to him.
I find it sad how you can think about things so logically but you don't know how to teach others to do so.
I find it sick that someone should be persecuted for being single in a society where pleasure and profit are the main goals.
I find it so hard to understand Berber.
I find it so strange that keyboards can be both musical and clerical.
I find it strange that she hasn't arrived yet.
I find it strange that she hasn’t arrived yet.
I find it strange that you find it strange.
I find it strange that you're here.
I find it useful.
I find it very appealing.
I find it very beautiful.
I find it very boring to learn irregular verbs.
I find it very calming to be surrounded by the thick, green foliage of trees, the vibrant colors of the springtime flowers, and the sounds of birds, frogs and rushing water from the swollen creeks.
I find it very comfortable here.
I find it very cute.
I find it very dangerous and think it's a bad idea.
I find it very difficult to do that.
I find it very difficult to pronounce that word.
I find it very easy to talk with Tom.
I find it very encouraging.
I find it very hard to accept that there is no hope at all.
I find it very sad.
I find it very stimulating.
I find it very unfortunate that I have not seen the Imperial Palace during my stay at Beijing. I could not see it because I did not have enough time.
I find it weird that you'd like to see me given how much I bothered you last week.
I find it weird that you’d like to see me given how much I bothered you last week.
I find joy in being outdoors.
I find joy in certain things and not in others.
I find joy in exploring stories.
I find joy in mixing and matching my clothes.
I find joy in ruining lives, it's my guilty pleasure.
I find joy in the little things.
I find just the memory of his overly polite patronizing manner really offensive.
I find languages fascinating.
I find languages to be uninteresting in themselves; for me, they are merely a means to an end.
I find learning languages to be very rewarding.
I find learning other languages really hard.
I find love scenes with honey rather repulsive.
I find making small talk difficult.
I find marijuana to be good for PTSD.
I find mathematics a difficult subject.
I find mathematics difficult.
I find maths hard.
I find meetings stressful.
I find much enjoyment in fishing.
I find mugwort really difficult to control because of its tendency to resprout vigorously from rhizomes.
I find my job fulfilling.
I find myself being enthralled by her reaction each time I replay it.
I find myself between them.
I find myself constantly torn between following my heart and doing what's morally right.
I find myself drowning in a sea of overwhelming feelings.
I find myself falling for her.
I find myself in a rather delicate situation.
I find myself in partial agreement with both of these arguments.
I find myself in the last car.
I find myself longing for a time back in North Carolina when my friends and I would drink beer on a porch and trade instruments while learning some basic old-time song.
I find myself needing to use the restroom frequently.
I find myself often in disagreement with people in authority, and I don't see the need in changing my mind to appease them.
I find myself short on time often.
I find myself so drawn to you.
I find myself strange.
I find myself thinking about you all the time.
I find myself thinking about you quite often.
I find no logic in his argument.
I find no shame in asking questions.
I find nothing of what I search for.
I find originality important.
I find out what the world needs. Then, I go ahead and invent it.
I find overthinkers to be a little hard to deal with but I don't hate them so to say.
I find pangrams amusing.
I find peace in isolation rather than socializing.
I find peace in quiet moments of reflection.
I find peace in the moments between breaths.
I find peace in the rhythm of life.
I find peace in the rhythm of the waves.
I find peace in the stillness of the morning light.
I find peace in your presence.
I find pleasure in reading books.
I find pleasure in reading works in my bed.
I find politics very interesting.
I find rain and wind more relaxing than the chirping of birds.
I find running exhausting.
I find satirical comedy to be the most amusing.
I find self-employment is best.
I find sleep to be extremely important.
I find solace in the gentle rhythm of the rain.
I find strength in the quiet moments.
I find strength in the quiet places.
I find striptease frustrating, as it doesn't often culminate in actual sex.
I find swimming fun.
I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.
I find that Frankfurters have a better taste than Viennese.
I find that I get the best flavor by grinding fresh peppercorns.
I find that I'm much happier being on my own and being with my own self than being surrounded by other people.
I find that I'm obliged to do that.
I find that absolutely amazing.
I find that absolutely irresponsible.
I find that absurd.
I find that amusing.
I find that before the terrible event occurred several people had seen a creature upon the moor which corresponds with this Baskerville demon, and which could not possibly be any animal known to science.
I find that both incorrect and personally bothering.
I find that completely mind-blowing.
I find that difficult to believe.
I find that doll extremely creepy.
I find that fascinating.
I find that frankfurters have much more taste than wieners.
I find that funny.
I find that hard to believe.
I find that he is intelligent because he is learning German.
I find that homosexuals can end a relationship just like a straight person can regardless of whether someone feels that being a homosexual is a social disadvantage in a straight society.
I find that illogical.
I find that in some forums about modest dress, posters have an immodest attitude to dressing modestly. IE, they think that they are better and prettier than those who do not dress modestly.
I find that interesting.
I find that it's best to find a happy balance between originality and sticking to a strict standard.
I find that it's typical for him to come too late.
I find that it’s typical for him to come too late.
I find that life in the country is pleasant.
I find that noise annoying.
I find that noise extremely annoying.
I find that noise irritating.
I find that offensive.
I find that pretty interesting.
I find that really interesting.
I find that sad.
I find that sentence relatively original.
I find that strange.
I find that suspicious.
I find that terribly troubling.
I find that this discussion takes place with too much polemic and not enough respect.
I find that to be a relative concept.
I find that useful.
I find that very funny.
I find that very interesting.
I find that very refreshing.
I find that very unsettling.
I find the Berber language family very beautiful.
I find the Berber language fascinating.
I find the Berber language really cool.
I find the Berber language to be fascinating.
I find the Hebrew language beautiful in all its different forms, old and new.
I find the Japanese full stop cooler than the lame Western one. Don't you?
I find the Kabyle language really cool.
I find the Kabyle language very beautiful.
I find the Russian language very beautiful, especially when spoken by women.
I find the book very interesting.
I find the cartographer's job rather easy-going.
I find the concept of Globish restrictive and unreal.
I find the concept of this site really good.
I find the everyday life unexciting.
I find the food here to be a little too spicy for me.
I find the great thing in this world is not so much where we stand as in what direction we are moving.
I find the idea of being with only one man unappealing.
I find the idea of dying frightening.
I find the plan to be unsatisfactory in several ways.
I find the problem easier than I originally believed it to be.
I find the relational database works better than the NoSQL one.
I find the results of this study intriguing.
I find the shrimp salad delicious.
I find the situation disgusting.
I find the sound of the rain relaxing.
I find the term "fag" derogatory.
I find the third stanza weak.
I find the timing odd.
I find the whole concept of creating an entire database of multilingual sentences to be so inspiring!
I find the whole situation disgusting.
I find them irresistible.
I find them very easy to talk to.
I find this Berber class interesting.
I find this a little bit weird.
I find this a little strange.
I find this a little weird.
I find this all so interesting.
I find this amusing.
I find this awkward.
I find this book is very difficult to read.
I find this book very interesting.
I find this confusing.
I find this difficult to believe.
I find this disgusting.
I find this embarrassing.
I find this entertaining.
I find this fascinating.
I find this funny.
I find this hard to believe.
I find this impossible to believe.
I find this interesting.
I find this kind of work very tedious.
I find this platform interesting as a complement to other language learning tools.
I find this pretty embarrassing.
I find this problem easier than I originally thought.
I find this puzzling.
I find this question hard to answer.
I find this quite pleasing.
I find this rather bizarre.
I find this rather scary.
I find this really annoying.
I find this really boring.
I find this really confusing.
I find this really funny.
I find this really hard to do.
I find this really hard.
I find this really stressful.
I find this ridiculous.
I find this sentence relatively original.
I find this situation interesting.
I find this thing ridiculous.
I find this upsetting.
I find this very annoying.
I find this very confusing.
I find this very hard to believe.
I find this very interesting.
I find this whole discussion really stupid.
I find those shoes too expensive.
I find tranquility outdoors.
I find underwater photos fascinating.
I find what you say of no use to myself.
I find wisdom in the stillness of the morning.
I find words with concise definitions to be the easiest to remember.
I find you attractive.
I find you intriguing.
I find you irresistible.
I find you quite attractive.
I find you really attractive.
I find you to be quite charming.
I find you very attractive and a little sad.
I find you very attractive.
I find you very beautiful.
I find you very boring.
I find you very sexy.
I find you wonderful.
I find your Berber classes interesting.
I find your argument too convoluted. Couldn't you try to make it simpler and more concise?
I find your argument too convoluted. Couldn’t you try to make it simpler and more concise?
I find your arguments illogical.
I find your behavior disappointing.
I find your behavior very tolerant.
I find your lack of faith disturbing.
I find your photos very good.
I find your proposal incomprehensible.
I find your reaction to be totally understandable.
I find your statements childish.
I find your way of acting unpleasant.
I find your work abhorrent.
I find your work to be very interesting.
I find your work very impressive.
I find your work very interesting.
I finds ads annoying.
I finish.
I finished a day early.
I finished all my homework two days ago.
I finished all my work early.
I finished all the dishes.
I finished another book.
I finished before three.
I finished building my Gundam model. I feel so lonely.
I finished buying a dozen eggs.
I finished cleaning my room a half hour ago.
I finished doing that a short time ago.
I finished doing that just a few minutes ago.
I finished doing that last week.
I finished doing the work before supper.
I finished eating breakfast while Tom and Mary were getting ready for school.
I finished eating breakfast while Tom was getting ready for school.
I finished eating lunch a while ago.
I finished eating lunch.
I finished eating the donuts.
I finished eating this cake.
I finished eating.
I finished first.
I finished high school last year.
I finished high school.
I finished it.
I finished last.
I finished lunch.
I finished my cigarette.
I finished my homework the day before yesterday.
I finished my homework with difficulty.
I finished my lunch quickly.
I finished my master's degree.
I finished my math assignment.
I finished my math homework.
I finished my sandwich.
I finished my studies in Australia.
I finished my task.
I finished my work at six o'clock.
I finished my work.
I finished off one half of the pizza and wrapped the other half in aluminum foil and put it in the fridge.
I finished one off.
I finished one.
I finished packing last night.
I finished packing my boxes.
I finished praying.
I finished reading it.
I finished reading that book last night.
I finished reading the book last night.
I finished reading the book you gave me.
I finished reading the book.
I finished reading this book in one day.
I finished reading this novel in three days.
I finished reading this novel in under three days.
I finished secondary school last year.
I finished shaving.
I finished talking.
I finished that end-of-term essay all in a night's work!
I finished that important project.
I finished that work up all on my own.
I finished that.
I finished the assignment.
I finished the book last month.
I finished the book quickly.
I finished the course, but they didn't give me the diploma.
I finished the homework, and want to go to bed, but now it's time to go to school again...
I finished the homework, and want to go to bed, but now it’s time to go to school again...
I finished the job on my own.
I finished the job yesterday.
I finished the job.
I finished the race.
I finished the school year.
I finished the soup quickly.
I finished the task before the deadline.
I finished the wine and set down the glass.
I finished the work by myself.
I finished the work finally.
I finished the work in less than an hour.
I finished the work yesterday.
I finished the work.
I finished third.
I finished translating for today.
I finished watching a movie that everyone recommended.
I finished work at six.
I finished writing a letter in English.
I finished writing a letter.
I finished writing the article and sent it to the editor.
I finished writing the letter by noon.
I finished writing the report.
I finished writing the story.
I finished writing the syllabus last week.
I finished writing the text.
I finished writing.
I fired Mary.
I fired Tom last month.
I fired Tom.
I fired first.
I fired her.
I fired him.
I fired my gun, but missed the target.
I fired repeatedly.
I fired the gun.
I fired the whole staff and hired Tom.
I fired them.
I fired three shots.
I fired.
I firmly believe in minding my own business and focusing on my own responsibilities.
I firmly believe it is characteristic of him to be late.
I firmly believe that Tom is still alive.
I firmly believe that long-distance relationships don't last.
I firmly believe that nothing occurs by accident.
I firmly believe that one cannot play any sort of hero without humility. Arrogance is reserved for the villains.
I firmly believe that your time will come.
I firmly believe that.
I firmly believe.
I firmly refused.
I first heard about it from Tom.
I first heard of Islam when I was in Algeria.
I first heard that from Tom.
I first learned of how beautiful stoats could be when David, whom I had lately befriended, showed me his stoat photo album.
I first met Mary right after she moved here from Boston.
I first met Tom and Mary right after they moved here from Boston.
I first met Tom at a conference in Australia.
I first met Tom at a football game in Boston.
I first met Tom in Australia.
I first met Tom in Boston.
I first met Tom in a little bar outside of town.
I first met Tom in a little pub outside town.
I first met Tom last October.
I first met Tom right after he moved here from Australia.
I first met Tom right after he moved here from Boston.
I first met Tom several years ago.
I first met Tom three years ago.
I first met Tom when I was a little kid.
I first met Tom when I was going out with his sister.
I first met Tom when he was 13 years old.
I first met him three years ago.
I first read about Islam when I was in junior high school.
I first read this book when I was about 20.
I first read this book when I was in high school.
I first read this book when I was thirteen.
I first thought that she was ill.
I first used a computer about 40 years ago.
I first want to finish my studies.
I fish almost every day.
I fish every day.
I fish for trout with minnows.
I fish there.
I fished in the Thames River.
I fished the new document out of my pocket and placed it before them on the table.
I fit inside that box.
I fit into Norwegian society very well.
I fix broken radios.
I fix the terms.
I fix things.
I fixed Tom's bicycle.
I fixed Tom's car.
I fixed a clock.
I fixed a small leak in the roof of her shed.
I fixed everything.
I fixed it for you.
I fixed it.
I fixed my bicycle yesterday.
I fixed my car by myself.
I fixed my car last month, but it broke again afterwards.
I fixed my computer.
I fixed my watch, but it broke again.
I fixed myself a cocktail.
I fixed myself a cup of coffee.
I fixed myself a drink.
I fixed myself something to eat.
I fixed one.
I fixed something to eat.
I fixed the bike yesterday.
I fixed the car like you taught me.
I fixed the car yesterday.
I fixed the clocks.
I fixed the fence.
I fixed the flashlight using a small tool.
I fixed the headcam to the helmet.
I fixed the hole in the wall with cement.
I fixed the house because of you.
I fixed the house for the disabled man.
I fixed the problem by myself.
I fixed the problem with Tom's help.
I fixed the problem.
I fixed the robot.
I fixed their wagon.
I fixed them.
I fixed us a snack.
I fixed us something to eat.
I fixed your earphones.
I fixed your headphones.
I flatly refused.
I flatter myself that I'm the best golfer in the club.
I flatter myself that I’m the best golfer in the club.
I fled Earth because of everything going on.
I fled France for Finland.
I fled Ohio for New York state.
I fled alone to their village.
I fled to Australia to avoid arrest.
I fled to Australia to avoid getting arrested.
I fled to the village.
I fled.
I flew a starship to the other galaxy.
I flew a starship to the other side of the galaxy.
I flew above the clouds.
I flew around the entire world in one trip.
I flew back to Algeria.
I flew back to Boston last weekend.
I flew from Boston to Chicago.
I flew from London to New York.
I flew from Vancouver to Victoria, and it was a short flight.
I flew here from the southern hemisphere.
I flew in from Australia yesterday.
I flew in from Boston yesterday.
I flew on a Tokyo-bound plane.
I flew through stop signs and stop lights.
I flew to Algeria, and from Algeria, to Canada.
I flew to Algeria.
I flew to Australia last month.
I flew to Australia last week.
I flew to Boston last Monday.
I flew to Boston last month.
I flew to Boston last week.
I flew to Boston.
I flew to Kabylie, Algeria.
I flew to Osaka yesterday.
I flew.
I flicked money into the air.
I flicked through the book.
I flicked through the textbook to the final page.
I flinched.
I flip through this cookbook often, but I haven't used it much.
I flipped him the bird.
I flipped my pancake too high and it got stuck to the ceiling.
I flipped on the light.
I flipped the coin.
I flipped the mattress to make it more comfortable.
I flipped the switch.
I flipped through the card catalogue until I found the book I was looking for.
I flipped through this magazine; you learn a lot of things from it!
I flirted with Tom.
I floated.
I flood myself with light of the immense.
I flopped down on the couch.
I floss my teeth every day.
I fluffed the pillows on the bed.
I flunked out of school.
I flunked two of my tests.
I flush the toilet.
I flushed the toilet.
I fly in and out of this airport a lot.
I fly into a rage easily.
I foam at the mouth whenever someone mentions his name.
I focus on important subjects.
I focus on simplicity in my wardrobe.
I focus on solutions, not on my fears.
I focus on the main aspects of living.
I focused on getting better.
I focused on my Berber studies.
I focused on the money.
I focused the camera on her face.
I foiled the team.
I fold my clothes.
I fold my own shirts.
I fold.
I folded all the towels.
I folded my arms.
I folded my clothes and put them into my suitcase.
I folded my clothes and put them into the suitcase.
I folded my shirts and put them in my suitcase.
I folded my shirts and put them into the drawer.
I folded my shirts.
I folded my socks and put them into the drawer.
I folded one.
I folded the clothes neatly on the bed.
I folded the clothes.
I folded the newspaper and put it back into my briefcase.
I folded the newspaper and put it into my briefcase.
I folded the shirts neatly.
I folded the tent.
I folded the towel in half.
I folded the towels.
I follow French classes online.
I follow Kahless.
I follow a Swiss.
I follow all the political debates on TV.
I follow her on Instagram.
I follow her on Twitter.
I follow him on Instagram.
I follow him on Twitter.
I follow him!
I follow my mom's example.
I follow my own methods, and tell as much or as little as I choose. That is the advantage of being unofficial.
I follow my routine every day.
I follow orders.
I follow the destiny that is imposed on me.
I follow the law.
I follow the light of the dawn.
I follow the path of quiet resolve.
I follow the path of the river.
I follow the rhythm of the earth beneath my feet.
I follow the rhythm of the river.
I follow the rhythm of the waves.
I follow the river’s gentle current.
I follow the river’s gentle flow.
I follow the rules.
I follow the spirit that drives the boat of my heart.
I follow the stars to unknown lands.
I follow what you're saying.
I follow you on Instagram. Can you follow me back?
I followed Rima into the house.
I followed Rima to the village.
I followed Skura home.
I followed Skura into her office.
I followed Tom across the bridge.
I followed Tom around the store.
I followed Tom back to his camp.
I followed Tom down here.
I followed Tom down the path.
I followed Tom here.
I followed Tom home.
I followed Tom in.
I followed Tom into his office.
I followed Tom into the cave.
I followed Tom into the house.
I followed Tom into the kitchen.
I followed Tom into the living room.
I followed Tom out of the building.
I followed Tom out of the room.
I followed Tom out.
I followed Tom there.
I followed Tom today.
I followed Tom up here.
I followed Tom up the stairs.
I followed Tom's advice.
I followed Tom's car.
I followed Tom's example.
I followed Tom's orders.
I followed Tom.
I followed a nurse down the hall.
I followed a round table on the new forms of diplomacy.
I followed a web about the original press, which was really attractive.
I followed a website on advanced sales techniques, which was really boring.
I followed all the rules.
I followed all the steps.
I followed her into the room.
I followed her one day, and as I broke in at the door Fairbairn got away over the back garden wall, like the cowardly skunk that he was.
I followed her.
I followed him into his room.
I followed him into the kitchen.
I followed him out of the office.
I followed him.
I followed his example.
I followed his way.
I followed in my father's footsteps in the snow.
I followed it.
I followed my father's steps.
I followed my instinct.
I followed my instincts.
I followed my lessons diligently.
I followed my mother's example.
I followed my mother’s example.
I followed one.
I followed that light for I can't remember how long.
I followed the bus.
I followed the deer's tracks.
I followed the deer’s tracks.
I followed the diet strictly.
I followed the footprints.
I followed the funeral from home.
I followed the law.
I followed the orders.
I followed the recipe.
I followed the river.
I followed the rules.
I followed the truck out of the area.
I followed their example.
I followed them behind.
I followed them from behind.
I followed them.
I followed those footprints for a while.
I followed to the letter what you have told me.
I followed what you told me word for word.
I followed you because I didn't know who you were.
I followed you.
I followed your advice and bought a new fridge.
I followed your instructions.
I followed your suggestion.
I fooled Tom.
I fooled everybody.
I fooled her.
I fooled him.
I fooled you and Tom.
I fooled you, didn't I?
I foolishly imagined that he was going to help me.
I foolishly interpreted the idiom according to its literal sense.
I for one was glad when the meal was over and we were able to retire into the modern billiard-room.
I for one welcome our robot overlords.
I forbid smoking in my room.
I forbid that.
I forbid you to approach my son.
I forbid you to do it.
I forbid you to do that.
I forbid you to do this.
I forbid you to go there.
I forbid you to insult Algeria under my roof.
I forbid you to insult Algeria under this roof.
I forbid you to insult Algeria.
I forbid you to insult her.
I forbid you to insult him.
I forbid you to insult the Algerian flag under my roof.
I forbid you to insult the Algerian flag under this roof.
I forbid you to insult the Algerian flag.
I forbid you to leave Algeria.
I forbid you to leave the house.
I forbid you to leave.
I forbid you to smoke!
I forbid you to smoke.
I forbid you to speak with anyone about what just happened.
I forbid you to talk to Tom.
I force my kids to use Berber at home.
I force myself to give the best of me in every situation.
I forced Tom to do it.
I forced Tom to do my homework.
I forced Tom to do that.
I forced Tom to go.
I forced a smile.
I forced her to do my homework.
I forced him into complying with my wish.
I forced him to carry the suitcase.
I forced him to go.
I forced my eyes open.
I forced my kids to use Berber.
I forced my mother to give me what I was asking for.
I forced myself to calm down.
I forced myself to do that.
I forced myself to eat something.
I forced myself to eat what Tom made, even though it tasted awful.
I forced myself to look him in the eye.
I forced myself to slow down.
I forced myself to smile.
I forced myself to stay alert.
I forced myself to stay awake.
I forced myself to stay focused.
I forced the window open.
I forced them to fix my car.
I forced you to be present and alert.
I forgave Mina.
I forgave Skura.
I forgave Tom for what he did.
I forgave Tom, but I will never forgive you.
I forgave Tom, but I'll never forgive you.
I forgave Tom.
I forgave everyone.
I forgave her.
I forgave him.
I forgave his mistake.
I forgave the boy for stealing the money from the safe.
I forgave them.
I forgave you a long time ago.
I forgave you a long time ago. Now, go.
I forgave you almost immediately when you told me you cheated on me with her.
I forgave you.
I forge my own destiny.
I forget everything that happened.
I forget her name.
I forget his name.
I forget quickly. It goes in one ear, and out the other.
I forget sad things when I fall asleep.
I forget the spelling.
I forget to brush my teeth all of the time.
I forget to telephone him.
I forget to write my date of birth.
I forget what Tom did.
I forget what gave me the idea.
I forget what it's about.
I forget what it’s about.
I forget what prompted me to write this.
I forget where I put my hat.
I forget where I put my keys.
I forget who said it.
I forget who you gave it to.
I forget words.
I forget your name.
I forget your name; what's it again?
I forget your phone number.
I forget your telephone number.
I forget, do they have a panda at the Ueno Zoo?
I forget.
I forgive Tom.
I forgive him now, but it took years.
I forgive the man.
I forgive you because you didn't know what you were doing.
I forgive you, Layla. I hope you can forgive me, too.
I forgive you, Tom. I hope you can forgive me, too.
I forgive you, as long as you don't do such a thing again.
I forgive you.
I forgot Berber.
I forgot French was your native language.
I forgot I had a doctor's appointment this morning.
I forgot I had an appointment.
I forgot I had homework.
I forgot I have a bad short-term memory.
I forgot I owed you money.
I forgot I promised Tom I'd do that.
I forgot I promised Tom that I'd do that.
I forgot I promised to do that.
I forgot I was bilingual.
I forgot I was in Australia.
I forgot I was supposed to bring a bottle of wine.
I forgot I was supposed to call Tom.
I forgot I was supposed to call you.
I forgot I'd promised to do that.
I forgot Russian was your mother tongue.
I forgot Russian was your native language.
I forgot Tom and Mary were going to be here.
I forgot Tom and Mary were the ones who taught you how to play the guitar.
I forgot Tom could speak French.
I forgot Tom didn't eat meat.
I forgot Tom existed.
I forgot Tom knew how to play the accordion.
I forgot Tom knew how to read French.
I forgot Tom spoke French.
I forgot Tom used to be a carpenter.
I forgot Tom used to be a plumber.
I forgot Tom used to live in Australia.
I forgot Tom used to live in Boston.
I forgot Tom was a teacher.
I forgot Tom was going to be here.
I forgot Tom was the one who taught you how to play the guitar.
I forgot Tom was your boyfriend.
I forgot Tom was your cousin.
I forgot Tom was your husband.
I forgot Tom would do that for us.
I forgot Tom's address.
I forgot Tom's sister's name.
I forgot about Tom.
I forgot about everything.
I forgot about her.
I forgot about him.
I forgot about it again.
I forgot about it.
I forgot about our plan for today.
I forgot about our wedding anniversary.
I forgot about something.
I forgot about that.
I forgot about the money.
I forgot about them.
I forgot about this.
I forgot about you, Tom. I'm sorry.
I forgot all about Halloween.
I forgot all about Tom.
I forgot all about her.
I forgot all about him.
I forgot all about it.
I forgot all about my studies and becoming a doctor.
I forgot all about that.
I forgot all about them.
I forgot all about you.
I forgot all her songs.
I forgot everything I'd been taught.
I forgot everything.
I forgot he's your boyfriend.
I forgot her address.
I forgot her completely.
I forgot her name.
I forgot his address.
I forgot his birthday.
I forgot his name again.
I forgot his name.
I forgot his phone number.
I forgot how beautiful it was here.
I forgot how beautiful this place was.
I forgot how expensive this restaurant is.
I forgot how good you were at golf.
I forgot how hard this game was.
I forgot how sensitive Tom is.
I forgot how to add sentences.
I forgot how to say it in French.
I forgot how to write that.
I forgot it accidentally.
I forgot it anyway.
I forgot it in the garage.
I forgot it was April fool's day.
I forgot it was Halloween.
I forgot it was Tom who taught you how to play the guitar.
I forgot it.
I forgot its name.
I forgot just how clever you can be.
I forgot just how fun you are to hang out with.
I forgot my American dream.
I forgot my Berber dictionary at home.
I forgot my Berber.
I forgot my French textbook at home.
I forgot my PIN and can't withdraw any money.
I forgot my PIN number!
I forgot my PIN.
I forgot my account number.
I forgot my appointment.
I forgot my backpack somewhere.
I forgot my bag.
I forgot my briefcase.
I forgot my camera.
I forgot my car keys on the kitchen table and my cell phone on the nightstand in the bedroom.
I forgot my cell phone downstairs on the couch.
I forgot my cellphone.
I forgot my checkbook.
I forgot my credit card at home.
I forgot my credit card.
I forgot my debit card at home.
I forgot my driver's license at home.
I forgot my email address.
I forgot my glasses at home.
I forgot my glasses somewhere.
I forgot my glasses this morning.
I forgot my glasses.
I forgot my homework.
I forgot my internet banking password, so I need to contact the bank to have it reset.
I forgot my jacket.
I forgot my key and locked myself out of the house.
I forgot my key.
I forgot my keys again!
I forgot my keys at home.
I forgot my library card.
I forgot my lunch and bought a sandwich at school.
I forgot my manners.
I forgot my medications.
I forgot my mobile.
I forgot my money again.
I forgot my money.
I forgot my nail clippers.
I forgot my name.
I forgot my notebook again.
I forgot my notebook at home.
I forgot my order number.
I forgot my own birthday!
I forgot my own birthday.
I forgot my passport some place.
I forgot my passport.
I forgot my password!
I forgot my password.
I forgot my pen on the table.
I forgot my pen.
I forgot my pencil case at home.
I forgot my pencil.
I forgot my phone in the meeting room.
I forgot my phone number. Can I have yours?
I forgot my phone.
I forgot my promise.
I forgot my purse in the church.
I forgot my purse.
I forgot my raincoat.
I forgot my sandals.
I forgot my scarf.
I forgot my shopping list at home.
I forgot my suitcase at home.
I forgot my suitcase.
I forgot my telephone number.
I forgot my ticket on the train.
I forgot my tools.
I forgot my towel.
I forgot my umbrella and got drenched in the rain.
I forgot my umbrella at home.
I forgot my umbrella at school this afternoon.
I forgot my umbrella on the train.
I forgot my umbrella.
I forgot my username.
I forgot my wallet on the nightstand.
I forgot my wallet!
I forgot my wallet.
I forgot my whatchamacallit in the taxi.
I forgot my wife's birthday.
I forgot myself.
I forgot one.
I forgot our anniversary.
I forgot something important.
I forgot something in my car.
I forgot something in the room.
I forgot something.
I forgot something. I'll be right back.
I forgot that Barbara spoke French.
I forgot that Cristina read English.
I forgot that French was your native language.
I forgot that I had French class today.
I forgot that I had a doctor's appointment this morning.
I forgot that I had homework.
I forgot that I had promised to do that.
I forgot that I met her last month.
I forgot that I was supposed to be there yesterday.
I forgot that Mary was a teacher.
I forgot that Tom and Mary were coming to dinner tonight.
I forgot that Tom could read French.
I forgot that Tom could speak French.
I forgot that Tom didn't eat meat.
I forgot that Tom didn't speak French.
I forgot that Tom didn't understand French.
I forgot that Tom knew how to play the accordion.
I forgot that Tom knows how to read French.
I forgot that Tom spoke French.
I forgot that Tom used to be a carpenter.
I forgot that Tom used to be a plumber.
I forgot that Tom used to live in Australia.
I forgot that Tom used to live in Boston.
I forgot that Tom was a teacher.
I forgot that Tom was coming to dinner tonight.
I forgot that Tom was your boyfriend.
I forgot that Tom was your cousin.
I forgot that Tom was your husband.
I forgot that Tom would do that for us.
I forgot that bit.
I forgot that it was April fool's day.
I forgot that it was Tom's birthday.
I forgot that the clocks had changed.
I forgot that the daily rate included breakfast.
I forgot that the daylight saving time ended last week.
I forgot that this was here.
I forgot that today was April Fool's Day.
I forgot that today was Saturday.
I forgot that today was Tom's birthday.
I forgot that today was your birthday.
I forgot that we had homework.
I forgot that you didn't like chocolate.
I forgot that you didn't like pizza.
I forgot that you had friends in Boston.
I forgot that you used to be married to Tom.
I forgot that you were Tom's wife.
I forgot that you're Tom's best friend.
I forgot that you're Tom's friend.
I forgot that.
I forgot the PIN number.
I forgot the address.
I forgot the baby monitor.
I forgot the bacon.
I forgot the book at home.
I forgot the book.
I forgot the can opener and could not open the can of sardines.
I forgot the code for the safe deposit box.
I forgot the combination to my locker.
I forgot the date of the meeting.
I forgot the full stop at the end of the sentence.
I forgot the guidebook at the hotel.
I forgot the gun was there.
I forgot the holiday was in February.
I forgot the key and went back for it.
I forgot the key to my room.
I forgot the lyrics.
I forgot the map.
I forgot the name of the street.
I forgot the name of your brother; what's his name?
I forgot the name of your brother; what’s his name?
I forgot the names of the beaches.
I forgot the original purpose of my trip.
I forgot the password to my account.
I forgot the password to my old email account.
I forgot the password.
I forgot the period at the end of the sentence.
I forgot the rules.
I forgot the sentence.
I forgot the suitcase.
I forgot the train tickets.
I forgot the wedding date.
I forgot the word for something a couple days ago, but I forgot what it was.
I forgot the words to that song.
I forgot their names.
I forgot them all.
I forgot them at work.
I forgot them for a minute.
I forgot them.
I forgot there was a test today.
I forgot this is not what this project is about.
I forgot those words.
I forgot to add a postage stamp before I mailed the letter.
I forgot to add that to my list.
I forgot to address him.
I forgot to ask Mary what you asked me to ask her.
I forgot to ask Tom about his kids.
I forgot to ask Tom about that.
I forgot to ask Tom and Mary what you asked me to ask them.
I forgot to ask Tom for his advice.
I forgot to ask Tom how to do this.
I forgot to ask Tom if he wanted to go to Australia.
I forgot to ask Tom that.
I forgot to ask Tom to do that yesterday.
I forgot to ask Tom to do that.
I forgot to ask Tom what I should do.
I forgot to ask Tom what he wanted.
I forgot to ask Tom what time he was planning on getting here.
I forgot to ask Tom what to do.
I forgot to ask Tom what you asked me to ask him.
I forgot to ask Tom whether he wanted to go to Australia.
I forgot to ask Tom.
I forgot to ask for a receipt.
I forgot to ask him about this.
I forgot to ask him what his name was.
I forgot to ask him.
I forgot to ask your name.
I forgot to ask.
I forgot to attach a stamp to the envelope.
I forgot to bookmark that page.
I forgot to bring a pen. Could I borrow yours?
I forgot to bring an umbrella with me.
I forgot to bring an umbrella.
I forgot to bring my I.D.
I forgot to bring my I.D. card.
I forgot to bring my ID.
I forgot to bring my bathing suit.
I forgot to bring my book, so I'm free.
I forgot to bring my canteen.
I forgot to bring my charger.
I forgot to bring my glasses.
I forgot to bring my health insurance card.
I forgot to bring my homework to school.
I forgot to bring my medical I.D.
I forgot to bring my medical registration ticket.
I forgot to bring my umbrella and ended up getting drenched on the way home.
I forgot to bring my umbrella with me.
I forgot to bring sandals.
I forgot to bring something to eat.
I forgot to bring something to write with.
I forgot to bring the book. It just slipped my mind.
I forgot to bring the map.
I forgot to bring warm clothes.
I forgot to brush my teeth this morning.
I forgot to buckle my seatbelt.
I forgot to buy Mary a present.
I forgot to buy Mary flowers.
I forgot to buy Tom a birthday present.
I forgot to buy Tom a gift.
I forgot to buy Tom a present!
I forgot to buy Tom a present.
I forgot to buy a birthday cake.
I forgot to buy a flower for Éva.
I forgot to buy a gift for you.
I forgot to buy a gift.
I forgot to buy a pillow.
I forgot to buy a present for Tom.
I forgot to buy a present!
I forgot to buy a present.
I forgot to buy any stamps while I was out.
I forgot to buy bread.
I forgot to buy carrots.
I forgot to buy eggs.
I forgot to buy flowers for Mary.
I forgot to buy ketchup.
I forgot to buy milk.
I forgot to buy mustard.
I forgot to buy one pillow.
I forgot to buy pain killers.
I forgot to buy some things.
I forgot to buy sugar.
I forgot to buy the textbook.
I forgot to buy the tickets.
I forgot to buy tickets.
I forgot to buy you a gift.
I forgot to buy you a present.
I forgot to call Mr. Ford up.
I forgot to call Mr. Ford.
I forgot to call Tom back.
I forgot to call Tom.
I forgot to call her last night.
I forgot to call her.
I forgot to call him today.
I forgot to call him.
I forgot to call them.
I forgot to call up Mr Ford.
I forgot to call you.
I forgot to call.
I forgot to charge my cellphone.
I forgot to charge my phone.
I forgot to charge my wireless headset last night.
I forgot to check the weather.
I forgot to check up on Tom.
I forgot to close a window.
I forgot to close all the windows.
I forgot to close one of the windows.
I forgot to close the curtains.
I forgot to close the door.
I forgot to close the kitchen window.
I forgot to close the window.
I forgot to close the windows.
I forgot to come.
I forgot to connect my phone to the charger last night.
I forgot to do my French homework.
I forgot to do my homework last night.
I forgot to do my homework.
I forgot to do something for Tom.
I forgot to do something that needed to be done.
I forgot to do something.
I forgot to do that yesterday.
I forgot to do that.
I forgot to do what I'm supposed to do.
I forgot to do what Tom asked me to do.
I forgot to do what you wanted me to do.
I forgot to eat lunch, so let's eat dinner early.
I forgot to enter.
I forgot to explain everything to Tom.
I forgot to feed Tom's dog.
I forgot to feed my children.
I forgot to feed my dog.
I forgot to feed the dog.
I forgot to feed the fish.
I forgot to give Tom back what I borrowed from him.
I forgot to give Tom my phone number.
I forgot to give Tom the envelope.
I forgot to give Tom the message.
I forgot to give him the message.
I forgot to give the envelope to Tom.
I forgot to give you back your umbrella.
I forgot to give you my phone number.
I forgot to give you what Tom gave me to give you.
I forgot to go and see the doctor yesterday.
I forgot to go shopping.
I forgot to go to the bank today.
I forgot to grab the change off the dresser.
I forgot to hit send.
I forgot to kiss Tom goodbye.
I forgot to knock.
I forgot to lift the receiver before dialing the number.
I forgot to lock my bike.
I forgot to lock my car.
I forgot to lock my door.
I forgot to lock my house.
I forgot to lock my locker.
I forgot to lock the door.
I forgot to lock the drawer.
I forgot to lock the front door last night.
I forgot to lock the front door.
I forgot to lock the storeroom.
I forgot to mail that letter you wanted me to mail.
I forgot to mail the letter that you asked me to mail.
I forgot to mail the letter you asked me to mail.
I forgot to make my bed today.
I forgot to mention a few details.
I forgot to mention it to Tom.
I forgot to mention it to her.
I forgot to mention it to him.
I forgot to mention it to them.
I forgot to mention it to you.
I forgot to mention it.
I forgot to mention something important.
I forgot to mention that to Tom.
I forgot to mention that.
I forgot to open the blinds.
I forgot to open the shutter.
I forgot to open the shutters.
I forgot to pack my adaptor for the trip.
I forgot to pack my raincoat.
I forgot to pack something.
I forgot to pay a university fee instalment.
I forgot to pay for the drinks.
I forgot to pay my rent this month.
I forgot to pay my rent.
I forgot to pay the bill.
I forgot to pay the electric bill.
I forgot to pay the fare.
I forgot to pay the lease.
I forgot to pay the rent.
I forgot to pay the water bill.
I forgot to phone Mr. Ford.
I forgot to phone Tom.
I forgot to phone her today.
I forgot to phone him today.
I forgot to phone him.
I forgot to phone my friend back.
I forgot to pick Tom up after school.
I forgot to pick Tom up from the airport.
I forgot to post this under my burner account.
I forgot to put Tom's name on the list.
I forgot to put a stamp on the envelope.
I forgot to put dressing on the salad.
I forgot to put drops into my eyes.
I forgot to put film in the camera.
I forgot to put in the accent mark.
I forgot to put it on the list.
I forgot to put my phone on the charger last night.
I forgot to put my wallet in my pocket this morning.
I forgot to put on my seatbelt.
I forgot to put on my tie while I was getting dressed.
I forgot to put on sunscreen and got sunburned.
I forgot to put on sunscreen, so I got burned.
I forgot to put on sunscreen, so I got sunburned.
I forgot to put on sunscreen.
I forgot to put on the stamp before I mailed the letter.
I forgot to put sugar in your tea.
I forgot to put the food back in the fridge.
I forgot to recharge my mobile phone.
I forgot to register.
I forgot to remind Mary that she had to do that.
I forgot to remind Mary that she needed to do that.
I forgot to remind Tom about his dentist appointment.
I forgot to remind Tom and Mary that they had to do that.
I forgot to remind Tom and Mary that they needed to do that.
I forgot to remind Tom that he had to do that.
I forgot to remind Tom that he needed to do that.
I forgot to remind Tom to do that.
I forgot to remind Tom to take out the garbage.
I forgot to reply to Tom.
I forgot to return your umbrella to you.
I forgot to ring my friend back.
I forgot to save the file before switching off.
I forgot to say goodbye to Tom.
I forgot to say that I can't come.
I forgot to send New Year's cards to my friends.
I forgot to send New Year’s cards to my friends.
I forgot to send Tom a birthday card.
I forgot to send Tom an email about the meeting.
I forgot to send the kids a postcard from Algeria.
I forgot to send the letter.
I forgot to send you an e-mail.
I forgot to sent her an email.
I forgot to set my alarm and was late for work.
I forgot to set my alarm.
I forgot to set the alarm for school.
I forgot to set the alarm.
I forgot to set the burglar alarm.
I forgot to shave.
I forgot to show Tom how to do that.
I forgot to show you how to do that.
I forgot to shutter the windows before the storm hit.
I forgot to speak with Tom.
I forgot to speak with him.
I forgot to stick a stamp on the envelope.
I forgot to stick the stamp onto the letter to be sent.
I forgot to stick the stamp to the letter before sending it off.
I forgot to study for the quiz today.
I forgot to switch the TV off before I went to bed.
I forgot to switch the television off before I went to bed.
I forgot to take care of that.
I forgot to take my bag.
I forgot to take my coat with me.
I forgot to take my medicine this morning.
I forgot to take my medicine.
I forgot to take the key.
I forgot to telephone him today.
I forgot to tell Mary to take her umbrella with her.
I forgot to tell Mary what she was supposed to do.
I forgot to tell Mary who was going to pick her up at the airport.
I forgot to tell Tom I couldn't speak French.
I forgot to tell Tom I didn't know how to do that.
I forgot to tell Tom I intended to do that.
I forgot to tell Tom I needed to find another job.
I forgot to tell Tom I wanted to do that.
I forgot to tell Tom I was going to Boston.
I forgot to tell Tom I wasn't planning to be there.
I forgot to tell Tom I wouldn't be there.
I forgot to tell Tom I'd be in Boston this week.
I forgot to tell Tom about Mary.
I forgot to tell Tom about that.
I forgot to tell Tom about the meeting.
I forgot to tell Tom about the party?
I forgot to tell Tom about the picnic.
I forgot to tell Tom and Mary to bring their lunch.
I forgot to tell Tom and Mary to take their umbrellas with them.
I forgot to tell Tom and Mary what they were supposed to do.
I forgot to tell Tom and Mary who was going to pick them up at the airport.
I forgot to tell Tom how to do that.
I forgot to tell Tom something important.
I forgot to tell Tom something very important.
I forgot to tell Tom something.
I forgot to tell Tom that I couldn't speak French.
I forgot to tell Tom that I didn't know how to do that.
I forgot to tell Tom that I intended to do that.
I forgot to tell Tom that I needed his help.
I forgot to tell Tom that I needed to find another job.
I forgot to tell Tom that I wanted to do that.
I forgot to tell Tom that I was going to Boston.
I forgot to tell Tom that I'd be in Boston this week.
I forgot to tell Tom that Mary was in the hospital.
I forgot to tell Tom that yesterday was a holiday.
I forgot to tell Tom that you were a drummer.
I forgot to tell Tom to be there tomorrow at 2:30.
I forgot to tell Tom to take his umbrella with him.
I forgot to tell Tom to take the cookies out of the oven.
I forgot to tell Tom what day the concert was.
I forgot to tell Tom what he was supposed to do.
I forgot to tell Tom what time to meet us.
I forgot to tell Tom what to do.
I forgot to tell Tom when I'd be there.
I forgot to tell Tom when to come.
I forgot to tell Tom where the meeting is going to be.
I forgot to tell Tom who was going to pick him up at the airport.
I forgot to tell Tom why I didn't do that.
I forgot to tell Tom you were a drummer.
I forgot to tell Tom.
I forgot to tell her something.
I forgot to tell her.
I forgot to tell him something.
I forgot to tell him.
I forgot to tell my mother that I won't be eating dinner with her.
I forgot to tell them something.
I forgot to tell them.
I forgot to tell you about Tom.
I forgot to tell you about her.
I forgot to tell you about him.
I forgot to tell you about my granddaughter.
I forgot to tell you about them.
I forgot to tell you how much you need to pay.
I forgot to tell you how to do that.
I forgot to tell you my phone number.
I forgot to tell you something important about Tom.
I forgot to tell you something.
I forgot to tell you that Tom and Mary are coming over for dinner tonight.
I forgot to tell you that Tom is coming over for dinner tonight.
I forgot to tell you that.
I forgot to tell you the babysitter's name.
I forgot to tell you the most important thing.
I forgot to tell you what Tom said.
I forgot to tell you what time the meeting started.
I forgot to tell you what time the meeting was going to start.
I forgot to tell you what time the meeting's going to start.
I forgot to tell you what to bring.
I forgot to tell you what to do.
I forgot to tell you when to come.
I forgot to tell you when you're supposed to be here tomorrow.
I forgot to tell you where I live.
I forgot to tell you where I put your jacket.
I forgot to tell you where the party is.
I forgot to tell you who would meet you at the station.
I forgot to tell you why we're asking for donations.
I forgot to tell you.
I forgot to thank Tom for helping me.
I forgot to thank Tom for his help.
I forgot to thank Tom for the gift.
I forgot to tip the waiter.
I forgot to trim my dog's nails.
I forgot to turn in the work for this unit.
I forgot to turn off the TV before going to bed.
I forgot to turn off the TV.
I forgot to turn off the gas!
I forgot to turn off the iron!
I forgot to turn off the light.
I forgot to turn off the lights when I left.
I forgot to turn off the lights.
I forgot to turn off the stove.
I forgot to turn off the television before bed.
I forgot to turn off the television before going to bed.
I forgot to turn off the television before going to sleep.
I forgot to turn off the telly.
I forgot to turn on the boiler before taking a shower.
I forgot to turn on the washing machine.
I forgot to turn the lights off when I left.
I forgot to turn the lights off.
I forgot to turn the stove off.
I forgot to turn the telly off before I went to bed.
I forgot to visit Tom.
I forgot to wake Tom up, as I had promised.
I forgot to wash my hands.
I forgot to watch it.
I forgot to water the flowers.
I forgot to wear a belt.
I forgot to wear my hat and my face got badly sunburned.
I forgot to wear my socks.
I forgot to wind my watch up, so it stopped.
I forgot to wind up the clock.
I forgot to wish Tom a happy birthday.
I forgot to write Tom.
I forgot to write her.
I forgot to write him.
I forgot to write my family name.
I forgot to write my name on the exam paper.
I forgot to write my name on the exam.
I forgot to write the address on the envelope.
I forgot to write to Tom.
I forgot to write to him.
I forgot to write to my parents.
I forgot today is April Fools' Day.
I forgot today was Tom's birthday.
I forgot today was a holiday.
I forgot we had homework.
I forgot we were going out tonight.
I forgot what I came here to do.
I forgot what I forgot.
I forgot what I had wanted.
I forgot what I needed as soon as I opened the refrigerator.
I forgot what I wanted to say.
I forgot what I wanted to tell Tom.
I forgot what I was about to say.
I forgot what I was going to say.
I forgot what I was going to write.
I forgot what I was supposed to do.
I forgot what I was trying to say.
I forgot what I'm supposed to do next.
I forgot what Tom had wanted.
I forgot what Tom wanted me to do.
I forgot what Tom wanted.
I forgot what a handsome guy Tom is.
I forgot what he said.
I forgot what he wants to eat.
I forgot what his name was.
I forgot what it was I wanted to say to you, so I'll tell you once I remember.
I forgot what it was about.
I forgot what it's called.
I forgot what kind of program it was.
I forgot what my French was like before the pandemic.
I forgot what someone who studies caves is called.
I forgot what the exact price was, but it was about 170 dollars.
I forgot what they called him.
I forgot what to do.
I forgot what we were doing, Tom.
I forgot what we were doing.
I forgot when her birthday was.
I forgot when his birthday was.
I forgot when the last time I laughed was.
I forgot when your birthday was.
I forgot where I left my umbrella.
I forgot where I parked my car.
I forgot where I put it.
I forgot where I put my umbrella.
I forgot where I put that bucket.
I forgot where I put the umbrella.
I forgot where Tom lives.
I forgot where my school is.
I forgot where the car was.
I forgot who I was dealing with.
I forgot who I was talking to.
I forgot who I was.
I forgot who he was and I can't find him.
I forgot who said that.
I forgot who the boss was.
I forgot whose turn it was.
I forgot why I went there.
I forgot you didn't like chocolate.
I forgot you didn't like pizza.
I forgot you don't like carrots.
I forgot you had friends in Boston.
I forgot you lived alone.
I forgot you used to be married to Tom.
I forgot you went to high school with Tom.
I forgot you were Tom's wife.
I forgot you were hungry.
I forgot you were listening.
I forgot you were on the volleyball team.
I forgot you're Tom's best friend.
I forgot you're Tom's friend.
I forgot your boyfriend is gay.
I forgot your brother's name. What was it again?
I forgot your brother's name. What's his name?
I forgot your name.
I forgot your number.
I forgot your phone number.
I forgot your present.
I forgot, I fell asleep.
I forgot.
I formally deny it.
I formed balls from the elastic dough and the apple and added them to the pot of boiling oil.
I formulated it wrongly.
I forwarded the message I got from Tom to Mary.
I forwarded the schedule that you sent me to Tom.
I forwarded the schedule you sent me to Tom.
I fought Nuja.
I fought Tom.
I fought Ziri.
I fought against every obstacle.
I fought against sleep.
I fought against the exploitation of Brazil.
I fought against the exploitation of the people.
I fought an enemy at the side of a drunk guy.
I fought an enemy with a drunk guy.
I fought as hard as I could.
I fought back.
I fought hard.
I fought her.
I fought in every battle that I faced.
I fought my hardest.
I fought off my desire to sleep.
I fought so hard against the weather, I've lost so much time.
I fought with Tom last night.
I fought.
I found Berber native speakers.
I found Berber really hard to learn.
I found I wasn't talented enough.
I found Islam was perfect.
I found Jane delighted at the play.
I found Kate more active than her brother.
I found Layla sleeping in my bed.
I found Mary very attractive.
I found Mary.
I found Swedish easier to learn than Finnish.
I found Tatoeba on Google and by accident.
I found Tom a French teacher.
I found Tom a job.
I found Tom a nice apartment.
I found Tom a seat.
I found Tom alone in the cave.
I found Tom and Mary jobs.
I found Tom and Mary.
I found Tom crying in his room.
I found Tom crying, sitting under a tree.
I found Tom hiding behind the barn.
I found Tom in his study.
I found Tom in tears, sitting under a tree.
I found Tom in the garden.
I found Tom in the park.
I found Tom passed out on the kitchen floor.
I found Tom puking all over the bathroom floor, missing the bowl entirely.
I found Tom quite amusing.
I found Tom reading my letters.
I found Tom sleeping in my bed.
I found Tom smoking a hookah.
I found Tom smoking behind the barn.
I found Tom there.
I found Tom very friendly.
I found Tom very reserved.
I found Tom waiting for me when I got home.
I found Tom weeping in the changing room.
I found Tom working in the garden.
I found Tom's accent very funny.
I found Tom's car abandoned in the woods.
I found Tom's car keys. They were lying on the ground at the main entrance.
I found Tom's comments interesting.
I found Tom's diary.
I found Tom's dog in the park.
I found Tom's drawing very beautiful.
I found Tom's driving license on the pavement.
I found Tom's house all by myself.
I found Tom's office without any difficulty.
I found Tom's pistol hidden under his bed.
I found Tom's secret hiding place.
I found Tom.
I found Tony.
I found Volapük to be very complicated, contrary to Esperanto, which is very simple.
I found Ziri there.
I found a French friend in Morocco. She told me that Paris isn't all of France, and that the provincial towns are also very beautiful.
I found a French friend in Morocco. She told me that the atmosphere in Paris is not that of the rest of France, and that other cities and provinces are very beautiful.
I found a French teacher for you.
I found a French-Hebrew dictionary at a small bookstore.
I found a bag stuffed full of gold coins!
I found a beautiful acer leaf while walking in the park.
I found a beautiful crystal on the beach last year.
I found a beautiful shell on the shore.
I found a beggar asking for alms.
I found a bench and sat down.
I found a better solution.
I found a better website to learn Berber.
I found a bird whose wing was severely damaged.
I found a book with a red cover and decided to borrow it.
I found a box full of chocolates in the kitchen cupboard.
I found a box of Tom's things in the closet.
I found a box of Tom’s things in the closet.
I found a brilliant boy for him.
I found a bunch of viruses on my aunt's computer.
I found a buyer for these.
I found a buyer for this.
I found a buyer for those.
I found a buyer for your house.
I found a buyer.
I found a cache of my grandmother's recipes stuffed away in the back of a drawer.
I found a cache of my grandmother’s recipes stuffed away in the back of a drawer.
I found a camera in the park.
I found a car that suits my age!
I found a cheap hotel.
I found a coin on the pavement.
I found a coin on the sidewalk.
I found a cord on the beach.
I found a couple of Ming dynasty jars in excellent condition in an antique store in Ghent.
I found a crocodile in our house!
I found a crystal. Look at it!
I found a crystal; look at it!
I found a dead cat in the shed.
I found a dead cockroach on the kitchen counter.
I found a dead rat in the garage.
I found a deer antler walking in the forest.
I found a diary my father kept for thirty years.
I found a dinosaur fossil in my garden.
I found a dog just inside the gate.
I found a dollar in the street.
I found a dollar on the road.
I found a few minor problems.
I found a few typos.
I found a flat.
I found a gift underneath my pillow.
I found a girl crying, I wiped away her tears.
I found a good Mexican restaurant.
I found a good deal online.
I found a good friend in him.
I found a good job in Australia.
I found a good job in Boston.
I found a good job.
I found a good place to buy fruit a couple of days ago.
I found a good place to pitch our tent.
I found a good place.
I found a good restaurant on Park Street.
I found a good restaurant.
I found a good song.
I found a good spot.
I found a good way to save money.
I found a grilled cockroach on my pizza.
I found a hidden compartment under the bed.
I found a hidden file.
I found a hiding place.
I found a hotel in the center of Paris.
I found a huge sealed box when I opened the door to my house.
I found a job today.
I found a job very quickly.
I found a job yesterday.
I found a job.
I found a key!
I found a kindred spirit in Bob.
I found a kitten. He was trembling and meowing in the corner of the park.
I found a knife hidden under the bed.
I found a knife.
I found a land planarian in the garden.
I found a little cockroach on my pizza.
I found a long hair.
I found a lost cat for which its owner had been searching.
I found a lost cat whose owner had been looking for it for a long time.
I found a lost dog tag and texted the number on it, but no one ever responded.
I found a lost puppy and helped it find its owner.
I found a lot of duplicate records.
I found a lot of viruses on my aunt's computer.
I found a man who cooks for me.
I found a meteorite.
I found a mistake.
I found a mouse in the attic.
I found a new French teacher.
I found a new job.
I found a new meaning whenever I read the book.
I found a nice cup.
I found a nice place to have a picnic.
I found a nice ranch house.
I found a nice restaurant.
I found a nice tie for Tom.
I found a nice tie for her.
I found a nice tie for him.
I found a nice tie for you.
I found a nickel in between the couch cushions.
I found a note on my desk, but I don't know whose it is.
I found a note on my desk, but I don’t know whose it is.
I found a note on my door from Tom.
I found a note on the table, but I don't know who it's from.
I found a packed suitcase in Tom's apartment.
I found a packed suitcase in Tom's flat.
I found a pair of gloves under the chair.
I found a pair of sunglasses by the swimming pool.
I found a part-time job.
I found a penny on the ground.
I found a piano teacher for you.
I found a piece of Sarah's pajamas on the floor.
I found a piece of glass.
I found a piece of paper in the room.
I found a place to hide.
I found a place to live.
I found a place to rent not too far from the campus.
I found a place to stay.
I found a pot in which there were several old coins.
I found a problem.
I found a pube on the toilet seat.
I found a purse in the street.
I found a purse on the street.
I found a quick and easy way to make money!
I found a rare book I had been looking for.
I found a rare stamp at that store.
I found a real bargain.
I found a really good seat.
I found a really nice place yesterday.
I found a really pretty girl by chance.
I found a replacement for Tom.
I found a rope ladder.
I found a rusty knife with a silver handle.
I found a rusty nail.
I found a seat for Tom.
I found a seat.
I found a secret passage in the library.
I found a secret passage.
I found a secret passageway.
I found a set of keys.
I found a silver brooch in the garden.
I found a skeleton in the cave.
I found a solution thanks to your help.
I found a solution!
I found a solution, but I found it so fast that it can't be the right solution.
I found a solution, but I found it so fast that it can’t be the right solution.
I found a solution.
I found a song I've been searching for so long.
I found a stack of old National Geographic magazines at my parents' house.
I found a stain on your bed.
I found a sterling silver spoon.
I found a stone shaped like a heart.
I found a stone that has the shape of a heart.
I found a strange object in the cornfield.
I found a strange object lying on the road.
I found a stray dog on my way home. Can I keep it?
I found a stray sock under the bed.
I found a suicide note.
I found a suspicious man.
I found a taxi, but there was no driver inside.
I found a taxi.
I found a tiny feather in my hat.
I found a tiny freckle on my left boob.
I found a trap door.
I found a tree frog on the wall in my bathroom.
I found a true friend in her.
I found a tutor through a newspaper ad.
I found a tutor to teach me Berber.
I found a typo.
I found a very good drug for nettle rash.
I found a very interesting site I'd like to recommend.
I found a very interesting website that presents the complete text of Icelandic sagas, some of which are also translated into English and Danish.
I found a very nice place today.
I found a wallet in the street and gave it back to its owner.
I found a wallet in the street.
I found a wallet on the ground and gave it to the security guard.
I found a wallet on the street.
I found a wasp nest on the eave of the roof.
I found a way out.
I found a weapon.
I found a white house on the big road.
I found a witness.
I found a worm in the salad.
I found all sorts of beer bottles in the garage.
I found all sorts of weird things in the attic.
I found all the shops closed by that time.
I found all this incredibly boring.
I found an Easter egg during Easter.
I found an alcove with a statue of a Hindu deity.
I found an angel.
I found an apartment for you.
I found an apartment.
I found an empty box.
I found an empty seat.
I found an envelope for my letter.
I found an error.
I found an exhaust pipe in the junkyard.
I found an old book in the loft from my school days.
I found an old gas mask in the basement.
I found an old jigsaw puzzle in the loft. Unfortunately a few pieces are missing.
I found an old letter from my grandfather during spring-cleaning.
I found an old pair of bell bottom jeans in the attic.
I found an old photo of my son sticking out his tongue.
I found an old potato chip lodged in between the couch cushions.
I found an old rusty key in that room.
I found an open window.
I found at my elbow a pretty girl.
I found beautiful phrases in the poem she wrote and I was just reading.
I found doing that difficult.
I found doing that easy.
I found doing that hard.
I found doing that really difficult.
I found doing that tedious.
I found doing that very difficult.
I found drugs in Ziri's locker.
I found everything I needed.
I found everything I wanted.
I found everything on your list.
I found everything simple to achieve.
I found everything you asked for.
I found footprints.
I found happiness in Duong.
I found her a small kitchen and dining room down street, where she serves rare Italian dishes, ravioli a la Tuscany and the like.
I found her alone in the wood, and brought her back with me for a companion. You will let her stay?
I found her awake.
I found her cat in an empty room.
I found her footprints in the sand of the dune.
I found her graceful.
I found her in bed.
I found her in tears in her room.
I found her in the alley.
I found her in the kitchen crying.
I found her kind.
I found her latest novel interesting.
I found her latest novel to be incredibly vapid and uninteresting.
I found her letter in the mailbox.
I found her looking at herself in the mirror.
I found her mending a skirt.
I found her mother dead.
I found her on the bed, she knew that her days were numbered.
I found her on the ground, near death.
I found her pictures in your drawer.
I found her there.
I found her upset when I met her.
I found her very amusing.
I found her very friendly.
I found her.
I found him a bright boy.
I found him a genius at chemistry.
I found him a job.
I found him a nice apartment.
I found him a prey to the blackest depression.
I found him asleep on the couch, completely drunk.
I found him at his books.
I found him awake.
I found him covered in blood.
I found him easily, because I had met him once before.
I found him honest.
I found him in bed.
I found him in the crowd.
I found him in the living room with his feet elevated on the couch in front of the fire, with a book in his lap.
I found him kind.
I found him like that elsewhere.
I found him lying in bed.
I found him lying on the bed.
I found him much troubled over the disappearance of his little spaniel. It had wandered on to the moor and had never come back.
I found him playing football.
I found him playing soccer.
I found him riding a bicycle in the park.
I found him sitting there.
I found him sleeping in his house.
I found him the book.
I found him there.
I found him to be a bright boy.
I found him to be a good workman.
I found him to be intelligent, cheerful of spirit, unselfish, full of generous impulses, patient, considerate, and wonderfully good-natured.
I found him to be very sympathetic.
I found him undernourished and emaciated.
I found him very intelligent.
I found him very smart.
I found him working in the garden.
I found him worn out, old, and tired.
I found him!
I found him.
I found his house easily.
I found his house with ease.
I found his latest novel interesting.
I found his new novel very dull. I don't think he is much of a writer.
I found his new novel very dull. I don’t think he is much of a writer.
I found his office easily.
I found his pretentious demeanor quite disconcerting.
I found his silence insulting.
I found holes here and there.
I found it a good film.
I found it a lot of fun to play tennis with Paul.
I found it best to say nothing about the matter.
I found it by chance.
I found it cathartic to burn Tom's old letters.
I found it difficult to achieve my purpose.
I found it difficult to be kind to others.
I found it difficult to concentrate.
I found it difficult to convince her.
I found it difficult to do that.
I found it difficult to fall asleep.
I found it difficult to get along with him.
I found it difficult to get along with my neighbor.
I found it difficult to keep a diary every day.
I found it difficult to make myself heard above the noise.
I found it difficult to make myself heard because of the noise.
I found it difficult to make myself heard due to the noise.
I found it difficult to make myself understood in English.
I found it difficult to make myself understood.
I found it difficult to make out what she was saying.
I found it difficult to please her.
I found it difficult to please him.
I found it difficult to put into practice.
I found it difficult to put it into practice.
I found it difficult to read the book.
I found it difficult to solve that problem right away.
I found it difficult to solve the problem at once.
I found it difficult to solve the problem.
I found it difficult to solve the puzzle.
I found it difficult to track down information.
I found it difficult to understand what he was saying.
I found it difficult to use the machine.
I found it difficult to walk in the deep snow.
I found it disturbing.
I found it easy to answer the question.
I found it easy to answer this question.
I found it easy to do that.
I found it easy to find the building.
I found it easy to fix the problem.
I found it easy to operate the computer.
I found it easy to solve the problem.
I found it easy to speak English.
I found it easy when I gave it a try.
I found it exciting.
I found it extremely difficult to do that.
I found it extremely upsetting.
I found it fascinating what you were saying about global warming.
I found it first. It's mine!
I found it funny.
I found it hard to close the door.
I found it hard to do that.
I found it hard to fall asleep.
I found it hard to lie to Tom.
I found it here.
I found it impossible to beat him at English.
I found it impossible to cross the road.
I found it impossible to do that.
I found it impossible to do the job in a day.
I found it impossible to do the work in one day.
I found it impossible to explain what he is really like.
I found it impossible to get in contact with him.
I found it impossible to lift the box.
I found it impossible to win the championship.
I found it in a cave.
I found it in a drawer.
I found it in the attic.
I found it in the basement.
I found it in the dictionary.
I found it in the street.
I found it in the woods.
I found it interesting.
I found it just where Tom said it would be.
I found it later.
I found it looked yellow.
I found it lying on the bed.
I found it myself.
I found it necessary to ask for help.
I found it necessary to get a loan.
I found it necessary to get assistance.
I found it necessary to get up early every morning.
I found it on the street.
I found it online.
I found it out.
I found it pleasant walking in the country.
I found it pretty hard to adjust to my new surroundings.
I found it quite complicated.
I found it quite impressive.
I found it rather difficult to make myself understood.
I found it some time ago.
I found it something of a disappointment.
I found it tedious to do that.
I found it there.
I found it truly regrettable that he should take offence.
I found it under your bed.
I found it unfulfilling.
I found it uplifting.
I found it very difficult to come up to him in mathematics.
I found it very difficult to do that.
I found it very difficult to stay away.
I found it very difficult.
I found it very disturbing.
I found it very easy to do that.
I found it very hard to do that.
I found it very hard to stay away.
I found it very hard to stop thinking about you.
I found it very interesting.
I found it while I was cleaning up.
I found it yesterday.
I found it!
I found it, not you.
I found it.
I found it. Finders keepers.
I found it. It's a sticker.
I found joy in the peacefulness of morning walks.
I found listening to him very interesting.
I found little amusement in reading.
I found lots of malwares in my aunt's computer.
I found money!
I found my bicycle gone.
I found my bicycle parked behind the school.
I found my bike behind Tom's house.
I found my bike broken.
I found my bike.
I found my birth certificate.
I found my book.
I found my boyfriend's favorite Beatles song playing from a music box. I'll be so happy to give it to him.
I found my brother in the street.
I found my calling.
I found my car missing.
I found my checkbook.
I found my credit card that I thought I'd lost.
I found my crew at the cafe.
I found my dad's old record player there.
I found my dog lying under the tree in our yard.
I found my email in a public database...
I found my father neither in his room nor in the garden.
I found my father's diary that he kept for 30 years.
I found my father's diary which he kept for 30 years.
I found my father’s diary which he kept for 30 years.
I found my first gray hair this morning.
I found my friends at the cafe.
I found my gang at the cafe.
I found my glass in pieces.
I found my happiness at the foot of the tree.
I found my hat in Tom's car.
I found my high school yearbook.
I found my husband with my lover in the bed at home.
I found my keys under the couch.
I found my keys.
I found my lost credit card.
I found my lost dog by means of a notice in the paper.
I found my lost wallet.
I found my mobile under the sofa.
I found my mother busy ironing out some shirts.
I found my name written on the blackboard.
I found my office door open.
I found my purpose in life.
I found my shoes.
I found my umbrella right where you told me it would be.
I found my vocation.
I found my wallet that I thought I'd lost last week.
I found my watch broken.
I found my way back home.
I found my way home.
I found myself a friend.
I found myself a job.
I found myself a place to sit.
I found myself a seat and sat down.
I found myself a seat.
I found myself all alone.
I found myself alone again.
I found myself alone.
I found myself back in my room.
I found myself bored by the book.
I found myself doing things I thought I never would.
I found myself doing things I thought that I never would.
I found myself doing things that I thought I never would.
I found myself doing things that I thought that I never would.
I found myself forced to work on a farm.
I found myself in Japan not knowing a lick of Japanese.
I found myself in Japan, not knowing a single word of Japanese.
I found myself in a dimly lit room.
I found myself in a terrible fix.
I found myself in a tight spot.
I found myself in a tough situation.
I found myself in another village.
I found myself in the middle of people.
I found myself intoxicated with love.
I found myself intoxicated with passion.
I found myself listening to his records.
I found myself living on the streets.
I found myself locked in the bathroom.
I found myself lying in my bedroom.
I found myself on the sidewalk.
I found myself reaching for my phone to alleviate the tedium of being lectured at.
I found myself something to eat.
I found myself surrounded by chances.
I found myself thinking about it much too often.
I found myself thinking he might be right.
I found myself thinking more and more about her.
I found myself walking under the silvery lights of Regent Street, full of thoughts of Gladys and of wonder as to my future.
I found myself wanting to do that.
I found myself weary and yet wakeful, tossing restlessly from side to side, seeking for the sleep which would not come.
I found myself without a home.
I found myself without a place to stay.
I found native speakers of Berber.
I found no bed.
I found no job today.
I found no mistakes.
I found no money left in my pocket.
I found no person in the park.
I found no shoes completely to my taste.
I found nothing I liked.
I found nothing but a pair of scissors.
I found nothing interesting in that magazine.
I found nothing interesting.
I found nothing of importance.
I found nothing of what I searched for.
I found nothing positive about Tom.
I found one I like.
I found one day in school a boy of medium size ill-treating a smaller boy. I expostulated, but he replied: "The bigs hit me, so I hit the babies; that's fair." In these words he epitomized the history of the human race.
I found one day in school a boy of medium size ill-treating a smaller boy. I expostulated, but he replied: "The bigs hit me, so I hit the babies; that’s fair." In these words he epitomized the history of the human race.
I found one of my gloves, but I couldn't find the other.
I found one of my old books today.
I found one of my shoes under my bed, but I can't find the other one.
I found one other vegetarian while I was there.
I found one sock, but not the other.
I found one valuable old book after another in that shop.
I found one.
I found only three occurrences of the word "woman" in the entire article.
I found other things to do.
I found our passports.
I found our virtual relationship to be quite cute but schizophrenic nonetheless. If I mentioned it to somebody else it's because I feel no shame nor regret regarding it. Nevertheless, it's still hard to explain how I loved someone with words alone.
I found out I can't make up interesting sentences about nuclear weapons.
I found out I can’t make up interesting sentences about nuclear weapons.
I found out I was wrong.
I found out Tom and Mary both like romance novels.
I found out Tom and Mary speak very good French.
I found out Tom has a criminal record.
I found out Tom is still married.
I found out Tom likes romance novels.
I found out Tom speaks very good French.
I found out Tom was lying.
I found out Tom was right.
I found out a very simple way to do it.
I found out about a back-door registration technique from his secretary.
I found out about it on the news.
I found out about it the same way you did.
I found out about it too late.
I found out about that later.
I found out about that on October 20th.
I found out about that the same way you did.
I found out about the accident in the newspaper.
I found out about this the same way you did.
I found out before you did.
I found out both Tom and Mary like romance novels.
I found out by accident.
I found out by chance.
I found out from a letter that my wife is unfaithful to me.
I found out he was seeing someone else at the same time.
I found out how old Tom is.
I found out how to solve the problem.
I found out it's not pomelos that I'm allergic to.
I found out my ancestors from the old country loved figs.
I found out my childhood best friend died in a motorcycle accident.
I found out purely by accident.
I found out purely by chance.
I found out something about Tom that I didn't know before.
I found out something about Tom.
I found out something deeply related to you.
I found out something interesting today at work.
I found out something interesting today.
I found out something.
I found out that Harvard University has added some free courses to educate the public about government and it was through that announcement and decision that has been spreading across the internet that I was also able to find out that Harvard among many other prestigious universities around the world offer some online courses for free. They may be short but it's probably worth the time to apply and get access to these resources.
I found out that I had left my driving licence behind.
I found out that Kate was wealthy.
I found out that Tom and Mary were here yesterday afternoon.
I found out that Tom and Mary were wealthy.
I found out that Tom doesn't like his roommate.
I found out that Tom had been lying to us.
I found out that Tom had lied.
I found out that Tom is Mary's ex-boyfriend.
I found out that Tom is slandering me.
I found out that Tom is still married.
I found out that Tom now has three citations for drunken driving.
I found out that Tom used to live in Boston.
I found out that Tom was here yesterday afternoon.
I found out that Tom was rich.
I found out that Tom was right.
I found out that Tom was wealthy.
I found out that all this tragedy is the work of a wicked curse.
I found out that he was a pimp.
I found out that her son is a doctor.
I found out that it was difficult for her to solve that problem.
I found out that she lived in Kabylie, Algeria.
I found out that she was an intelligent student.
I found out that the class was going to be taught by his wife.
I found out that the opposing counsel is planning on deposing three expert witnesses.
I found out that the woman I thought was a nurse was actually a doctor.
I found out that you had successfully passed the entrance exam. Congrats!
I found out the cause of my death.
I found out the hard way.
I found out the truth.
I found out this morning.
I found out too late.
I found out we were all alike.
I found out what Tom and Mary do for a living.
I found out what Tom and Mary were doing last night.
I found out what Tom did.
I found out what Tom does for a living.
I found out what Tom does.
I found out what Tom likes.
I found out what Tom was doing last night.
I found out what happened.
I found out what her name was yesterday.
I found out what his name was yesterday.
I found out what these are.
I found out what this is.
I found out what went wrong.
I found out what you did.
I found out what's wrong with Tom.
I found out what's wrong with the car.
I found out when Tom graduated from college.
I found out when Tom's birthday is.
I found out when we're supposed to arrive.
I found out where Tom and Mary live.
I found out where Tom is.
I found out where Tom lives.
I found out where Tom used to live.
I found out where Tom was.
I found out where Tom works.
I found out where Tom's airplane crashed.
I found out where he is.
I found out where she is.
I found out where she was.
I found out where to buy fruit cheaply.
I found out where you were.
I found out who Tom's father is.
I found out who broke your windows.
I found out who did that.
I found out who did this.
I found out who stole my bicycle.
I found out who that person was.
I found out who were my enemies.
I found out whose airplane crashed.
I found out whose car went off the road.
I found out why Tom and Mary were late.
I found out why Tom didn't want to come.
I found out why Tom was late.
I found out why my computer keeps crashing.
I found out why the car wouldn't start.
I found out you betrayed us.
I found out you talk behind my back.
I found out you were right.
I found peace in this little village.
I found peace.
I found pleasure in walking during the refreshing morning hours.
I found rose petals between the pages of Mary's book.
I found several mistakes in your book.
I found several things missing from my room.
I found shoe prints in the mud.
I found six mistakes in as many lines.
I found so many flaws in the Bible.
I found so many mistakes in the Bible.
I found some Halloween decorations.
I found some cheap colored pencils, so I bought some for my son.
I found some chestnuts.
I found some dried salted beef.
I found some footprints.
I found some gold.
I found some interesting heirloom tomatoes at the farmer's market.
I found some interesting heirloom tomatoes at the farmer’s market.
I found some keys.
I found some money in the park.
I found some money in the pocket of my winter jacket.
I found some money on the way home from school today.
I found some money.
I found some old clothes for Mennad.
I found some old coins in my backyard.
I found some old coins in the box Tom gave me.
I found some old pictures.
I found some other problems.
I found some pictures inside the envelope.
I found some rope.
I found some splendid foxberry blossoms.
I found some stuff to eat.
I found some stuff.
I found some things.
I found some typos.
I found some wild mushrooms under the log.
I found some wine.
I found somebody new.
I found somebody.
I found someone else to interview for my school project.
I found someone else.
I found someone new.
I found someone to talk to.
I found someone who speaks Japanese!
I found someone.
I found something I really wanted to learn and became obsessed with it.
I found something I think you should see.
I found something I thought I'd lost.
I found something amazing.
I found something beautiful.
I found something belonging to you.
I found something better than that.
I found something better.
I found something cool.
I found something even sexier.
I found something extraordinary.
I found something for you.
I found something good.
I found something here.
I found something important.
I found something in here.
I found something in the box I didn't expect to find.
I found something in the box that I didn't expect to find.
I found something in there.
I found something interesting in the town.
I found something interesting.
I found something new.
I found something odd.
I found something of yours.
I found something out about Tom that I think that you should know.
I found something out about Tom that I think you should know.
I found something out about Tom that surprised me.
I found something really amazing.
I found something really interesting.
I found something really odd.
I found something similar.
I found something strange this morning.
I found something strange.
I found something that I liked.
I found something that I think you might want to read.
I found something that you might like.
I found something there.
I found something to do.
I found something to drink.
I found something to eat.
I found something unusual.
I found something very interesting.
I found something very odd.
I found something weird.
I found something yesterday.
I found something, too.
I found something.
I found somewhere to sit.
I found strength within myself.
I found ten mistakes in as many pages.
I found that I could not study well with the radio on.
I found that I could think more clearly and better understand whatever I was studying when I was well-hydrated compared to days when I was dehydrated.
I found that I couldn't study well with the radio on.
I found that I had left my umbrella behind in the classroom.
I found that I wasn't talented enough.
I found that Kate was wealthy.
I found that a little bit odd.
I found that a little bit strange.
I found that a little bit weird.
I found that a little hypocritical.
I found that a little strange.
I found that a little weird.
I found that a while ago.
I found that absolutely shocking.
I found that annoying.
I found that book interesting.
I found that book very boring.
I found that book very difficult.
I found that difficult to accept.
I found that difficult to believe.
I found that difficult to do.
I found that difficult to explain.
I found that difficult.
I found that disgusting.
I found that easy to do.
I found that embarrassing.
I found that entertaining.
I found that exciting.
I found that exhilarating.
I found that extremely offensive.
I found that far more difficult than I expected.
I found that fascinating.
I found that frustrating.
I found that hard to do.
I found that hard to explain.
I found that hard.
I found that he was a kind man.
I found that he was gazing at me at a distance.
I found that he was turned over to the police.
I found that helpful.
I found that here.
I found that his house was on fire.
I found that in the back of the closet.
I found that inspiring.
I found that interesting.
I found that irritating.
I found that it's very difficult to do that.
I found that kind of strange.
I found that longer sentence while searching for it on Google, though I think the context I found it in might have been different.
I found that machine easy to operate.
I found that meeting stressful.
I found that movie boring.
I found that movie really funny.
I found that noise annoying.
I found that odd.
I found that out the hard way.
I found that out too late.
I found that out years ago.
I found that out yesterday.
I found that pretty difficult.
I found that pretty embarrassing.
I found that quite amusing.
I found that rather scary.
I found that really annoying.
I found that really difficult to do.
I found that really difficult.
I found that really fascinating.
I found that really hard to do.
I found that really hard.
I found that really interesting.
I found that really strange.
I found that really stressful.
I found that restaurant by accident.
I found that ridiculous.
I found that she wore the same dress that I had seen her wear last time.
I found that somewhat embarrassing.
I found that speaking French was pretty easy.
I found that strange.
I found that the door was closed.
I found that the machine was of no use.
I found that the problem was easy.
I found that the question was easy to answer.
I found that there was a little girl sobbing.
I found that thing there.
I found that this morning.
I found that tricky.
I found that very alarming.
I found that very annoying.
I found that very confusing.
I found that very contrived.
I found that very delicious.
I found that very difficult to believe.
I found that very difficult.
I found that very disappointing.
I found that very embarrassing.
I found that very exciting.
I found that very fake.
I found that very hard to believe.
I found that very helpful.
I found that very insulting.
I found that very interesting.
I found that very odd.
I found that very rewarding.
I found that very strange.
I found that very unnatural.
I found that weird.
I found that word in an article about the European Union that I read somewhere on the Internet.
I found the Japanese sentence weird, but since it was written by a native, I thought that it was probably correct.
I found the Yiddish version on the Yiddish Book Center's website.
I found the answering machine convenient.
I found the answers to my questions in the Quran.
I found the banana on a steep mountain road.
I found the bed quite comfortable.
I found the bed very comfortable.
I found the best hiding place.
I found the bicycle that had disappeared.
I found the book I had long been looking for.
I found the book I read yesterday very interesting.
I found the book I was looking for.
I found the book I'd been looking for at a local bookstore.
I found the book I'd lost the day before.
I found the book I'd lost yesterday.
I found the book at that bookstore by chance.
I found the book boring.
I found the book by accident.
I found the book by chance.
I found the book easily even though it was dark in the room.
I found the book easily though it was dark in the room.
I found the book easy.
I found the book interesting, but the movie was disappointing.
I found the book interesting.
I found the book so gripping, I could hardly put it down.
I found the book so interesting that I kept on reading it until daybreak.
I found the book that I was looking for.
I found the book that I'd long been looking for.
I found the book that I'd lost the day before.
I found the book that John was talking about.
I found the book very interesting.
I found the book which I had lost the day before.
I found the book which I'd lost the day before.
I found the book you wanted.
I found the book you were looking for.
I found the book's exposition shallow.
I found the box empty.
I found the box right where Tom said he left it.
I found the box where I'd left it.
I found the boy fast asleep.
I found the boy sound asleep.
I found the broken camera.
I found the broken doll mended by somebody.
I found the broom, but the dustpan isn't on it.
I found the broom, but where's the dustpan?
I found the bug.
I found the building.
I found the button loose.
I found the cage empty.
I found the car.
I found the cat.
I found the cave.
I found the chair was comfortable when I sat on it.
I found the characters uninteresting, so I had a hard time connecting with their struggles.
I found the comic book very interesting.
I found the credit card I thought I'd lost.
I found the culprit.
I found the diary that my father kept for 30 years.
I found the dog chewing on a razor blade.
I found the dog.
I found the door ajar.
I found the door closed.
I found the door locked.
I found the door open.
I found the door to my house open.
I found the door wide open.
I found the dragon.
I found the earring that you lost.
I found the empty box.
I found the empty tin.
I found the field trip very educational.
I found the film entertaining.
I found the film interesting.
I found the film romantic.
I found the film to be very atmospheric.
I found the film very atmospheric.
I found the film very disappointing.
I found the food here to be a little spicy.
I found the food too greasy.
I found the game easy.
I found the game very exciting.
I found the glass empty.
I found the gloves that were under the chair.
I found the hotel crowded with foreign tourists.
I found the island traditions fascinating.
I found the jewelry that I had lost.
I found the job hard. It really took it out of me.
I found the key I had been looking for.
I found the key I was looking for.
I found the key I'd lost under the couch.
I found the key for which I had been looking.
I found the key in Tom's jacket pocket.
I found the key in his jacket pocket.
I found the key that I was looking for.
I found the key that I'd been looking for.
I found the key under the rug.
I found the key underneath the mat.
I found the key.
I found the keys I thought I'd lost.
I found the keys I'd lost.
I found the keys again that I'd lost.
I found the keys that I thought I'd lost.
I found the keys that I'd lost.
I found the keys under the mat.
I found the keys underneath the mat.
I found the keys.
I found the kitten freezing to death under a car.
I found the leak.
I found the light switch.
I found the light to be no less tolerable than with it on.
I found the little guy abandoned in a dumpster, and I took him home.
I found the lost ball in the park.
I found the lost cat that its owner had been looking for for a long time.
I found the love of my life.
I found the lyrics, but I can't copy-paste them.
I found the man I want to marry.
I found the missing bicycle.
I found the missing piece of your necklace.
I found the money that Tom had lost.
I found the money.
I found the movie cloying.
I found the new magazine very interesting.
I found the note Tom left.
I found the pencil I lost.
I found the perfect place.
I found the person who did that.
I found the photo you were looking for.
I found the picture Tom and Mary were looking for.
I found the picture Tom was looking for.
I found the picture interesting.
I found the picture you were looking for.
I found the place without much effort.
I found the play cathartic, and went home in a better mood.
I found the plot of this book confusing.
I found the problem easier than I had expected.
I found the problem uncomplicated.
I found the problem was easy to fix.
I found the problem was easy to solve.
I found the problem was easy.
I found the problem.
I found the question very easy.
I found the rare edition that I've been looking so long for.
I found the remote and pressed play.
I found the river dirty.
I found the road.
I found the room empty.
I found the rope ladder.
I found the rumor to be true to a certain extent.
I found the scrawny goat in the barn eating the chicken food.
I found the secret compartment quite by accident.
I found the solution.
I found the store.
I found the story interesting.
I found the strength to rebuild my life.
I found the subject fascinating.
I found the suites capacious, the sofas commodious, the sandwiches copious.
I found the sun, the sea, mountains and nature like that which I left behind in my homeland, Central Northern Tamazgha.
I found the sunglasses I thought I'd lost.
I found the sunglasses that I thought I'd lost.
I found the supporting characters rather underdeveloped.
I found the test difficult.
I found the test easy.
I found the test hard.
I found the test really easy.
I found the theater crowded.
I found the track of the tire.
I found the treasure.
I found the trip really disappointing.
I found the very thing you had been looking for.
I found the wallet I thought I'd lost.
I found the wallet that I thought I'd lost.
I found the way not to offend him.
I found the way to her heart.
I found the website.
I found the wheel that was missing.
I found the whole situation disgusting.
I found the work easy, for I had done that kind of work before.
I found the work easy, since I had done that kind of work before.
I found the work easy.
I found the work very interesting.
I found the workman very good.
I found them all but one.
I found them awake.
I found them lying on the artificial grass.
I found them playing ball.
I found them there.
I found them without looking too hard.
I found them.
I found these in the woods.
I found these in your room.
I found these photos of Tom.
I found these toy elves in your underwear drawer.
I found these.
I found third grade hard.
I found this at Goodwill.
I found this at the risk of my life.
I found this behind your house.
I found this book at a second-hand bookshop.
I found this book at a secondhand bookstore.
I found this book by chance in a second-hand bookshop.
I found this book by chance in a secondhand bookstore.
I found this book difficult to read.
I found this book hard to read.
I found this book in a secondhand bookstore.
I found this book interesting from beginning to end.
I found this book interesting from start to finish.
I found this book interesting.
I found this book very difficult.
I found this book very interesting.
I found this bottle washed up on the beach.
I found this bottle when I was walking on the beach this morning.
I found this column interesting.
I found this confusing at first.
I found this earring.
I found this empty can on your porch.
I found this film very exciting.
I found this film very interesting.
I found this floating in the river.
I found this floating in the stream.
I found this for Tom.
I found this for you.
I found this gun.
I found this hard to explain.
I found this in Boston.
I found this in Switzerland.
I found this in Tom's closet.
I found this in Tom's room.
I found this in her purse.
I found this in our mailbox.
I found this in the Quran.
I found this in the back of my closet.
I found this in the back of the pantry.
I found this in the bottom drawer.
I found this in the cavern.
I found this in the garden.
I found this in the kitchen.
I found this in the park.
I found this in the refrigerator.
I found this in the street.
I found this in the top drawer.
I found this in the trash.
I found this in your desk drawer.
I found this in your suitcase.
I found this in your truck.
I found this incredible fossil rolling in the surf.
I found this interesting-looking shell on the beach.
I found this interesting.
I found this journal.
I found this knife. Who could it belong to?
I found this last year.
I found this letter among those books.
I found this movie very interesting.
I found this note on my door.
I found this odd-looking device in an antique shop. What do you make of it?
I found this old cookie smashed in my luggage.
I found this on my way home.
I found this on the back seat of your car.
I found this on the beach.
I found this on the floor in the kitchen.
I found this on the floor.
I found this on the roof.
I found this on the street.
I found this on the way to the supermarket.
I found this on your desk.
I found this on your porch.
I found this one.
I found this outside.
I found this package.
I found this pickle on the floor. Should I eat it?
I found this picture.
I found this quite imposing.
I found this quite impressive.
I found this restaurant by accident.
I found this restaurant by chance.
I found this ring on the street this morning.
I found this test difficult.
I found this this morning.
I found this to be a good wine.
I found this to wear.
I found this today.
I found this under the bench.
I found this under the porch.
I found this under the table.
I found this under your bed.
I found this wallet in the park.
I found this washed up on the beach.
I found this washed up on the shore.
I found this watch at the station.
I found this website yesterday when I was on the internet.
I found this website yesterday when I was surfing the web.
I found this when I was cleaning out my closet today.
I found this while cleaning the garage.
I found three chairs.
I found three more smoke shops.
I found three silver coins in an old wooden box in the attic.
I found three ways to solve the problem.
I found two books: one yellow and one red.
I found two videos of Maria Callas singing that aria, one in a staged production and one in concert.
I found us a place to pitch our tent.
I found us a way out.
I found us some food.
I found what I was looking for in the back of my closet.
I found what I was looking for in the drawers.
I found what I was looking for just where Tom said it would be.
I found what I was looking for under Tom's desk.
I found what I was looking for.
I found what Tom said amusing.
I found what we need.
I found what you said about global warming fascinating.
I found what you were looking for in the trunk of my car.
I found work for you.
I found work in Boston.
I found work in the village.
I found you a French teacher.
I found you a beautiful Kabyle dress.
I found you a friend.
I found you a good Berber dictionary.
I found you a good place to live.
I found you a house.
I found you a piano teacher.
I found you a place to live.
I found you a studio.
I found you a wonderful Kabyle dress.
I found you an apartment.
I found you, didn't I?
I found you.
I found your article interesting.
I found your article very interesting.
I found your blanket.
I found your book.
I found your cap.
I found your coat after you left the house.
I found your diary.
I found your dog.
I found your earring.
I found your email in the spam folder.
I found your gloves in my car.
I found your grandparents.
I found your hat.
I found your house with difficulty.
I found your inhaler.
I found your keys.
I found your knife.
I found your letter in the letterbox.
I found your letter in the mailbox.
I found your message. What's your emergency?
I found your missing tools.
I found your mug in the office kitchen.
I found your necklace.
I found your passport.
I found your pen under the table.
I found your piccolo broken in the street.
I found your purse.
I found your ring.
I found your slippers under the bed.
I found your sunglasses.
I found your wallet behind the sofa.
I found your wallet on the backseat of my car.
I found your wallet.
I found your watch in the toilet water.
I found, to my surprise, that she was dead.
I fractured my ankle.
I fractured my arm.
I fractured my hand.
I fractured my skull.
I fractured my wrist.
I fractured their nose!
I framed Tom.
I framed her.
I framed him.
I framed the picture.
I framed them.
I freaked out and started screaming.
I freaked out.
I freaking love Science Fiction!
I freed myself from it.
I freed myself of it.
I freely admit that I'm not the world expert in childrearing.
I frequented two Vietnamese restaurants on Nanaimo Street in Vancouver, BC. One played Parisian music for the clientele. The other was my place for Lychee Iced Drink.
I frequently bring my students here.
I frequently come to the village.
I frequently correspond with her.
I frequently end up in love with the wrong guys.
I frequently go fishing with Tom on weekends.
I frequently go to museums.
I frequently go to the islands of Menorca and Ibiza.
I frequently have a busy schedule.
I frequently have a hard time sleeping at night.
I frequently recall my happy childhood.
I frequently talk to Tom.
I frequently talk to her.
I frequently talk to him.
I frequently talk to them.
I frequently think about my mother who passed away.
I frequently use the following tools to help me.
I frequently write entries for Wikipedia.
I fried an egg for breakfast.
I fried myself a couple of eggs for breakfast.
I fried one.
I fried the dough.
I fried the fish after marinating it.
I fried the potatoes in butter.
I fried them in avocado oil.
I frighten easily.
I frightened him away.
I frightened the deer.
I frosted the cake with cream cheese frosting.
I frowned and drew my hand away.
I frowned at Tom.
I frowned at her.
I frowned at him.
I frowned at them.
I frowned to myself.
I frowned.
I froze at the sight of the snake.
I froze for a moment.
I froze instantly.
I froze the juice inside the PET bottle. This way, I'll be able to drink as much cold juice as I want at lunchtime.
I froze the medlars.
I froze up.
I froze.
I fuck God.
I fuck in Bèze.
I fuck you all.
I fuck you so hard.
I fucked Mary.
I fucked her deep.
I fucked her doggy style.
I fucked his wife and daughter.
I fucked lots of friends.
I fucked my sister.
I fucked up my first fuck.
I fucked up the whole thing.
I fucked up.
I fucked your brother.
I fucked your daughter.
I fucked your sister.
I fucked your son.
I fucking don't know how to translate this sentence, translate it yourself, everybody deal with their own shit.
I fucking don’t know how to translate this sentence, translate it yourself, everybody deal with their own shit.
I fucking love it.
I fufiled my dream.
I fully agree with Tom.
I fully agree with all of you.
I fully agree with everything Tom said.
I fully agree with his text.
I fully agree with this.
I fully agree with you.
I fully agree with your point of view.
I fully agree.
I fully believe that you are innocent.
I fully endorse their plan to tie the knot.
I fully intend to do everything I said I would do.
I fully intend to do that.
I fully intend to return.
I fully opened the door.
I fully subscribe to it.
I fully support Tom now.
I fully support Tom.
I fully support that.
I fully support you.
I fully support your proposal.
I fully trust our love.
I fully trust your ability.
I fully understand that it was my mistake, but do you really need to criticise me so much?
I fully understand that.
I fully understand your concerns.
I fully understand your feelings.
I fully understand your frustration.
I fully understand your problem.
I fumbled for my keys as I approached the entrance.
I fumbled for the torch.
I fumbled in my pockets.
I fumbled the ball.
I furnished him with food.
I furnished them with food.
I gagged.
I gained 1.3 kilograms.
I gained 2.9 pounds.
I gained Tom's trust.
I gained a bit of weight last year.
I gained a clear picture of how it works.
I gained a deep appreciation for the strength within me.
I gained a lot of weight last summer.
I gained a lot of weight over the summer.
I gained a lot of weight when I was in Australia.
I gained a lot of weight when I was in Boston.
I gained a lot of weight while I was on vacation.
I gained a lot of weight.
I gained admission to the club.
I gained an understanding of me.
I gained back the weight I'd lost over the summer.
I gained comprehensive knowledge of God after reading the bible.
I gained confidence.
I gained five kilos.
I gained four pounds.
I gained nothing from them.
I gained power.
I gained some weight back.
I gained some weight.
I gained their trust.
I gained thirty pounds.
I gained three kilograms over the summer.
I gained three pounds in two weeks.
I gained three pounds.
I gained two kilos this summer.
I gained weight recently.
I gained weight this week.
I gamble.
I gambled and I lost.
I gambled and lost.
I garden.
I gardened and planted flowers all day long.
I gargle three times a day.
I gargled.
I gasped with surprise at the horrible picture of the starving people.
I gasped.
I gather information about the quality of goods.
I gather it's not that hard.
I gather scraps of information from a variety of sources.
I gather that she meant a lot to you.
I gather that they'll agree with us.
I gather that they’ll agree with us.
I gather you don't like Tom.
I gather you don't like him.
I gather you were hurt.
I gather you were unsuccessful.
I gather you'll agree with me.
I gather you're not interested in the job.
I gather you’ll agree with me.
I gathered all the information I could find.
I gathered from her words that she liked him.
I gathered from his expression that he was very angry.
I gathered from his looks he was angry with me.
I gathered from this letter that he was angry.
I gathered from what she said that she liked him.
I gathered more information about it.
I gathered together my things and put them in my suitcase.
I gathered wood for a fire.
I gave Cookie some pumpkin; hopefully it'll un-constipate him.
I gave John the apple.
I gave Marcus a beautiful book as a present.
I gave Mary a book.
I gave Mary a diamond ring.
I gave Mary a doll.
I gave Mary chocolate.
I gave Mary everything she asked for.
I gave Mary everything she needed.
I gave Mary everything she wanted.
I gave Mary some meds that should help.
I gave Mary something that I thought she'd like.
I gave Mary the things she wanted.
I gave Mary what she asked for.
I gave Mary what she wanted.
I gave Mina attention.
I gave Sarah the apple.
I gave Taninna a bicycle.
I gave Taninna guitar lessons and she gave me Berber lessons.
I gave Taninna some tips on how to learn Berber.
I gave Taninna some tips on how to master Berber.
I gave Thomas milk and cookies.
I gave Tom $300.
I gave Tom CPR.
I gave Tom Mary's address.
I gave Tom Mary's phone number.
I gave Tom Monday off.
I gave Tom a baseball cap for his birthday.
I gave Tom a bicycle.
I gave Tom a big hug.
I gave Tom a blanket.
I gave Tom a book to read.
I gave Tom a book.
I gave Tom a bottle of wine.
I gave Tom a bow.
I gave Tom a bowl of hot soup.
I gave Tom a brandy.
I gave Tom a bribe.
I gave Tom a call.
I gave Tom a chance to do that.
I gave Tom a chance to work for me.
I gave Tom a chance to work with me.
I gave Tom a chance.
I gave Tom a choice.
I gave Tom a coffee mug with our company logo.
I gave Tom a cookie.
I gave Tom a couple of apples.
I gave Tom a couple of tickets for my concert.
I gave Tom a direct order, but he ignored it.
I gave Tom a discount.
I gave Tom a drink.
I gave Tom a fake address.
I gave Tom a flower to give to Mary.
I gave Tom a football for his birthday.
I gave Tom a gift.
I gave Tom a going-away present.
I gave Tom a gun.
I gave Tom a hand.
I gave Tom a hug.
I gave Tom a huge hug.
I gave Tom a job.
I gave Tom a key to my apartment.
I gave Tom a key to my flat.
I gave Tom a key to my office.
I gave Tom a key.
I gave Tom a kiss.
I gave Tom a knife.
I gave Tom a lift home.
I gave Tom a lift.
I gave Tom a little more than he asked for.
I gave Tom a little more than he needed.
I gave Tom a little more time to finish his report.
I gave Tom a lot of money.
I gave Tom a mild sedative.
I gave Tom a nice pen.
I gave Tom a nod.
I gave Tom a pen.
I gave Tom a piece of my mind.
I gave Tom a piece of paper and a pencil.
I gave Tom a piece of paper to write on.
I gave Tom a present.
I gave Tom a puppy.
I gave Tom a push.
I gave Tom a quadrant.
I gave Tom a ride back home.
I gave Tom a ride home.
I gave Tom a ride to Boston.
I gave Tom a ride.
I gave Tom a ring.
I gave Tom a sedative.
I gave Tom a shirt.
I gave Tom a shove.
I gave Tom a small wave.
I gave Tom a smile.
I gave Tom a spoon to eat with.
I gave Tom a thumbs up.
I gave Tom a tie.
I gave Tom a tip.
I gave Tom a towel.
I gave Tom a warning.
I gave Tom a watch.
I gave Tom a wink.
I gave Tom all my money.
I gave Tom all the money I could, but it still wasn't enough.
I gave Tom all the money I had on me.
I gave Tom all the money I had.
I gave Tom all the money that I could, but it still wasn't enough.
I gave Tom all the money that I had.
I gave Tom an apple.
I gave Tom an opportunity to do that.
I gave Tom and Mary a present for their anniversary.
I gave Tom and Mary jobs.
I gave Tom and Mary my phone number so they'd be able to contact me.
I gave Tom and Mary something that I thought they'd like.
I gave Tom another chance.
I gave Tom as much money as he wanted.
I gave Tom chocolate.
I gave Tom clear orders not to go there.
I gave Tom detailed instructions on how to do that.
I gave Tom detailed instructions.
I gave Tom everything I had.
I gave Tom everything he asked for.
I gave Tom everything he needed.
I gave Tom everything he wanted.
I gave Tom everything that I had.
I gave Tom everything.
I gave Tom explicit instructions.
I gave Tom five out of five stars.
I gave Tom many chances to do that.
I gave Tom many chances.
I gave Tom money to buy art supplies.
I gave Tom money.
I gave Tom more money.
I gave Tom more than he needed.
I gave Tom my address.
I gave Tom my car keys.
I gave Tom my clarinet.
I gave Tom my key.
I gave Tom my keys.
I gave Tom my number.
I gave Tom my old French textbooks.
I gave Tom my old bicycle.
I gave Tom my old bike.
I gave Tom my old coat.
I gave Tom my old computer.
I gave Tom my phone number so he'd be able to contact me.
I gave Tom my phone number.
I gave Tom my word that I wouldn't talk to Mary about that.
I gave Tom my word.
I gave Tom no choice.
I gave Tom one more chance to show me what he could do.
I gave Tom one of my cookies.
I gave Tom one of those.
I gave Tom permission to do that.
I gave Tom several comics.
I gave Tom some advice.
I gave Tom some books to read.
I gave Tom some books.
I gave Tom some candy.
I gave Tom some cash.
I gave Tom some clothes for him to put on.
I gave Tom some food.
I gave Tom some medicine that should help.
I gave Tom some meds that should help.
I gave Tom some milk and cookies.
I gave Tom some money.
I gave Tom some tea.
I gave Tom some tips on how to learn French.
I gave Tom some tomatoes.
I gave Tom some water.
I gave Tom some wine.
I gave Tom something I thought he'd like.
I gave Tom something that I thought he'd like.
I gave Tom something to eat.
I gave Tom specific instructions.
I gave Tom that book.
I gave Tom that.
I gave Tom the French dictionary I used when I was a student.
I gave Tom the afternoon off.
I gave Tom the book.
I gave Tom the day off.
I gave Tom the information he requested.
I gave Tom the job.
I gave Tom the key.
I gave Tom the keys.
I gave Tom the map.
I gave Tom the message.
I gave Tom the money he asked for.
I gave Tom the money he wanted.
I gave Tom the money.
I gave Tom the morning off.
I gave Tom the night off.
I gave Tom the run of my house.
I gave Tom the same advice that I'd already given Mary.
I gave Tom the things he wanted.
I gave Tom the weapons he wanted.
I gave Tom the wrong medicine by mistake.
I gave Tom thirty dollars.
I gave Tom three cookies.
I gave Tom three hundred dollars.
I gave Tom three one-dollar bills.
I gave Tom three options.
I gave Tom two cookies.
I gave Tom what he asked for.
I gave Tom what he asked me for.
I gave Tom what he needed.
I gave Tom what he wanted.
I gave Tom what little money I had.
I gave Tom your address.
I gave a bicycle to Tom.
I gave a birthday present to my mother.
I gave a book to Tom.
I gave a bunch of roses to her in return for her hospitality.
I gave a couple of apples to Tom.
I gave a diamond ring to Mary.
I gave a discount to all the customers.
I gave a doll to Mary.
I gave a file to Tom.
I gave a flower to my father.
I gave a fountain pen to my father.
I gave a frank reply.
I gave a gun to Tom.
I gave a homeless man twenty dollars.
I gave a knife to Tom.
I gave a lecture in English.
I gave a lot of cheese.
I gave a lot of money to Tom.
I gave a new bicycle to my sister.
I gave a puppy to Tom.
I gave a red rose to my mother.
I gave a roll of film to Skura.
I gave a shilling to the boy.
I gave a short presentation this morning.
I gave a short talk.
I gave a small sum of money to the poor boy.
I gave a speech about Boston.
I gave a speech at Tom's birthday party.
I gave a speech at the wedding yesterday.
I gave a speech in French.
I gave a speech on Islam.
I gave a sweater to my mother.
I gave a thousand dinars to the village mosque.
I gave a watch to Tom.
I gave acupressure a try.
I gave all my money away.
I gave all my money to Tom.
I gave all my suits to charity.
I gave all my things away.
I gave all of the Chinese proverbs back to the teacher.
I gave all the customers a discount.
I gave all the money I had left to the hairdresser.
I gave all the money I had to Tom.
I gave an answer that was way out in left field when the teacher caught me off-guard and called on me.
I gave an answer to him with great difficulty.
I gave an example about it.
I gave an opening address.
I gave at the office.
I gave away all my things.
I gave away my bike.
I gave away my car.
I gave away my house.
I gave away the table because it does not fit in the living room.
I gave back.
I gave birth to a daughter.
I gave birth to identical twins.
I gave birth to my first child last year.
I gave birth to myself.
I gave birth.
I gave careful consideration to the problem.
I gave each boy a piece of cake.
I gave each boy an apple.
I gave each boy three dollars.
I gave each child one cookie.
I gave each child three pieces of candy.
I gave each kid one cookie.
I gave each of the children three apples.
I gave everyone a pamphlet.
I gave everything I had to Tom.
I gave everything away.
I gave everything to Tom.
I gave examples.
I gave her Monday off.
I gave her a Kabyle dress for her birthday.
I gave her a blanket.
I gave her a bouquet of flowers to thank her for her hospitality.
I gave her a bouquet of red roses, but she's allergic to them.
I gave her a bunch of flowers to thank her for her hospitality.
I gave her a call.
I gave her a card with my personal number on it.
I gave her a chance.
I gave her a choice.
I gave her a comic book to read.
I gave her a couple of books.
I gave her a diamond ring.
I gave her a doll in return.
I gave her a fake address.
I gave her a few books.
I gave her a free Berber language placement test.
I gave her a hug.
I gave her a kiss.
I gave her a lift to town.
I gave her a mild sedative.
I gave her a piece of my life.
I gave her a piece of my mind.
I gave her a present in return for her kindness.
I gave her a ride home.
I gave her a ride.
I gave her a sedative.
I gave her a tiny musical box.
I gave her all my heart.
I gave her all my money.
I gave her all the money I had.
I gave her an apple.
I gave her another chance.
I gave her everything.
I gave her her dictionary back.
I gave her just what she needed.
I gave her money and she gave me a newspaper.
I gave her money, so she could buy me earphones.
I gave her money.
I gave her my clock as a sign of thanks.
I gave her my key.
I gave her my old bicycle.
I gave her my old bike.
I gave her my word I would be back home by nine.
I gave her no choice.
I gave her one of those.
I gave her some apples.
I gave her some candy.
I gave her some milk and cookies.
I gave her some money to help her buy her mother a Mother's Day present.
I gave her some money.
I gave her the afternoon off.
I gave her the book.
I gave her the day off.
I gave her the freedom to do what she wishes.
I gave her the gun.
I gave her the morning off.
I gave her the order to find him.
I gave her the vase.
I gave her up for adoption.
I gave her what little information I had.
I gave her what little money I had with me.
I gave her what little money I had.
I gave her your address.
I gave him Monday off.
I gave him a Quran.
I gave him a bag of semolina.
I gave him a blanket.
I gave him a book.
I gave him a bouquet of flowers to thank him for his hospitality.
I gave him a cake on his birthday.
I gave him a call.
I gave him a car ride back home.
I gave him a chance.
I gave him a choice.
I gave him a comic to read.
I gave him a couple of books.
I gave him a deposit and then he disappeared.
I gave him a fake address.
I gave him a fake name.
I gave him a few books.
I gave him a gold watch.
I gave him a grammar book.
I gave him a hug.
I gave him a huge hug.
I gave him a journal with a lock.
I gave him a kiss on the cheek.
I gave him a lecture he won't forget.
I gave him a mild sedative.
I gave him a picture of myself as a gift.
I gave him a present in return for his favor.
I gave him a present.
I gave him a professional opinion.
I gave him a quick hug.
I gave him a ride home.
I gave him a ride in my car last night.
I gave him a ride on my hairy motor-scooter.
I gave him a ride.
I gave him a sedative.
I gave him a set of keys.
I gave him a slap.
I gave him a stern talking to.
I gave him a stern talking-to.
I gave him a strong shove to get him as far away from me as possible.
I gave him a teddy bear.
I gave him a warning, but he took no notice of it.
I gave him a warning, to which he paid no attention.
I gave him advice, to which he paid no attention.
I gave him all my money.
I gave him all the money I had.
I gave him an alias.
I gave him an apple.
I gave him an enema.
I gave him an outline of the incident.
I gave him another chance.
I gave him as much food as he wanted.
I gave him back his ring.
I gave him back the book.
I gave him back the money in secret.
I gave him detailed instructions.
I gave him everything.
I gave him fifty euros.
I gave him his dictionary back.
I gave him milk and cookies.
I gave him money too.
I gave him much trouble.
I gave him my address in Kabylie.
I gave him my address.
I gave him my hand trying to help him.
I gave him my key.
I gave him my old bicycle.
I gave him my phone number.
I gave him my word.
I gave him no choice.
I gave him one of those.
I gave him some advice.
I gave him some books.
I gave him some candy.
I gave him some eggs I had brought with me.
I gave him some good advice about buying land.
I gave him some helpful advice.
I gave him some money.
I gave him some water to drink.
I gave him sweets.
I gave him the afternoon off.
I gave him the best answer in English to his question that I could.
I gave him the book.
I gave him the books I had.
I gave him the day off.
I gave him the floor.
I gave him the freedom to do what he wishes.
I gave him the key to the apartment.
I gave him the key.
I gave him the little money that I had with me.
I gave him the message.
I gave him the money.
I gave him the morning off.
I gave him the vase.
I gave him three textbooks in exchange for his help.
I gave him two cakes and asked, "Are you going to eat them both?"
I gave him two pounds.
I gave him up.
I gave him what books I had.
I gave him what little information I had.
I gave him what little money I had with me.
I gave him what little money I had.
I gave him what money I had.
I gave him your address.
I gave him, not just advice, but also an airplane.
I gave in to her demands.
I gave in to temptation and began to smoke a cigarette.
I gave in to the request.
I gave in to their demands.
I gave it a shot.
I gave it a try figuring that anything is worth a try. But putting together a program like this is something I'm no match for.
I gave it a try figuring that anything is worth a try. But putting together a program like this is something I’m no match for.
I gave it a try.
I gave it all to Tom.
I gave it away to him.
I gave it away.
I gave it back to Tom.
I gave it back.
I gave it everything I've got. I studied at night.
I gave it food and water to help it feel safe.
I gave it my all.
I gave it my best guess.
I gave it my best shot.
I gave it my best.
I gave it the name of deception.
I gave it to Tom as a present.
I gave it to Tom for free.
I gave it to Tom yesterday.
I gave it to Tom.
I gave it to her yesterday.
I gave it to her.
I gave it to him good.
I gave it to him yesterday.
I gave it to him, but he didn't like it so he sold it.
I gave it to him.
I gave it to my mommy.
I gave it to the little boy.
I gave it to them yesterday.
I gave it to them.
I gave it to you from my own flesh.
I gave it to you from my own skin.
I gave it to you when you were here in October.
I gave it to you yesterday.
I gave it up after my father had given me a good scolding.
I gave lectures about Islam.
I gave money to everybody.
I gave money to everyone.
I gave money to the old man in the road.
I gave money to the woman.
I gave most of my money away.
I gave my bike away.
I gave my books to those people.
I gave my brother a dictionary.
I gave my car away.
I gave my carefully prepared speech.
I gave my cell phone number to a friend.
I gave my children a bath.
I gave my coat a brush.
I gave my cold to Tom.
I gave my cold to him.
I gave my consent.
I gave my dad a tambourine as a gift.
I gave my daughter an entry ticket to the concert for her birthday.
I gave my dog a bath yesterday.
I gave my father a flower.
I gave my father a silk tie.
I gave my father some flowers.
I gave my gun to Tom.
I gave my half to Tom.
I gave my half to her.
I gave my half to him.
I gave my half to them.
I gave my hat a brush.
I gave my horse its head.
I gave my house away.
I gave my life for Tamazight.
I gave my mother 19 flowers on Mother's Day.
I gave my mother 19 flowers on Mother’s Day.
I gave my mother a birthday present.
I gave my mother a red rose.
I gave my mother a sweater.
I gave my mother carnations on Mother's Day.
I gave my mother carnations on Mother’s Day.
I gave my notice.
I gave my old French textbooks to Tom.
I gave my old bicycle to Tom.
I gave my old bike to Tom.
I gave my old bike to the scrap dealer.
I gave my old bike to the scrap merchant.
I gave my old clothes away.
I gave my old clothes for the church flea market sale.
I gave my old clothes for the flea market sale.
I gave my old coat to Tom.
I gave my old coat to her.
I gave my old coat to him.
I gave my old coat to them.
I gave my permission for them to use my photo on their website.
I gave my permission.
I gave my plans away.
I gave my seat to an elderly woman.
I gave my seat to the old lady.
I gave my sister a dictionary as a present.
I gave my sister a dictionary.
I gave my sister a doll.
I gave my sister a pearl necklace on her birthday.
I gave my son a box of candy, which he opened happily.
I gave my son some work to do at home.
I gave my speech in Berber.
I gave my speech in French.
I gave my teachers a hug.
I gave my tie to Tom.
I gave my vote to Ken.
I gave my weapons away.
I gave my word that I'd obey the law.
I gave my word to Tom that I wouldn't do that.
I gave my word to Tom that I wouldn't leave without him.
I gave my word.
I gave myself a month.
I gave myself a present.
I gave myself a quick hand job.
I gave no answer for fear I should confuse him.
I gave notice at work yesterday.
I gave offense to her.
I gave one back.
I gave one cookie to each child.
I gave one cookie to each kid.
I gave one for free.
I gave one to Tom, too.
I gave one to charity.
I gave one to her, too.
I gave one to him, too.
I gave one.
I gave orders I was to be left alone.
I gave several comics to Tom.
I gave some books to Tom.
I gave some books to him.
I gave some flowers to my father.
I gave some leftovers to the chickens.
I gave some money to Tom.
I gave some money to her.
I gave some money to him.
I gave some money to the homeless.
I gave some money to them.
I gave some of my old clothes to the Salvation Army.
I gave some tomatoes to Tom.
I gave some water to the dogs.
I gave something to the boy.
I gave that book to Tom this morning.
I gave that order six hours ago.
I gave that to Tom.
I gave the bag back to Ken.
I gave the bag back to Tom.
I gave the beggar all the money I had on me.
I gave the beggar all the money I had.
I gave the beggar what money I had.
I gave the book to Pedro.
I gave the book to Tom.
I gave the book to my friend.
I gave the books to this student.
I gave the boy a book.
I gave the boy a shilling.
I gave the boy what little money I had.
I gave the cat some milk.
I gave the children some candy.
I gave the correct answers to the questions.
I gave the dog a bone so he would stop barking.
I gave the dog a bone, stopping its barking.
I gave the dog a bone. That stopped its barking.
I gave the dog food, but he didn't eat it.
I gave the dog some meat.
I gave the dog to the boy.
I gave the dog two pieces of meat.
I gave the dogs some water.
I gave the empty box to Tom.
I gave the film a rating of 7 out of 10.
I gave the flowers to the teacher.
I gave the house to you.
I gave the job to Tom.
I gave the key to Tom.
I gave the keys to Tom.
I gave the little dude a shark tooth.
I gave the maid the day off.
I gave the map to Tom.
I gave the milk to the cat.
I gave the money to the thief involuntarily because I was afraid he would kill me.
I gave the money to the woman.
I gave the new soap a try.
I gave the police my statement as to what happened.
I gave the poor boy what little money I had with me.
I gave the same answer I always do.
I gave the shamrock to the beautiful girl.
I gave the stranger directions to the museum.
I gave the umbrella back to Tom.
I gave the waiter a good tip.
I gave them Monday off.
I gave them a chance.
I gave them a choice.
I gave them a fake address.
I gave them a present for their anniversary.
I gave them a ride home.
I gave them a ride.
I gave them all my money.
I gave them all the information they requested.
I gave them an ultimatum.
I gave them another chance.
I gave them back to you on Monday.
I gave them clothing and some food.
I gave them each an apple.
I gave them everything.
I gave them my word.
I gave them no choice.
I gave them one thousand yen each.
I gave them some apples.
I gave them some candy.
I gave them some food.
I gave them some money.
I gave them the afternoon off.
I gave them the day off.
I gave them the morning off.
I gave them to you.
I gave them what they were missing.
I gave them your address.
I gave thirty dollars to Tom.
I gave three cookies to Tom.
I gave three pencils to each of them.
I gave three pieces of candy to each child.
I gave tree candies to every child.
I gave up a lot for Tom.
I gave up all hope of survival.
I gave up all my possessions.
I gave up eating dessert.
I gave up everything I held dear.
I gave up exercising years ago.
I gave up hope.
I gave up keeping up with trends.
I gave up learning French.
I gave up looking for a bathroom and quickly dashed behind a tree.
I gave up looking for a bathroom, and ran behind a tree in the nick of time.
I gave up my career for you.
I gave up my job.
I gave up my seat to an old lady.
I gave up on Tom.
I gave up on her.
I gave up on him.
I gave up on receiving the unpaid salary.
I gave up on that idea a long time ago.
I gave up on the idea of buying a house.
I gave up on them.
I gave up running for class president.
I gave up running for president.
I gave up smoking a year ago.
I gave up smoking and I feel like a new man.
I gave up smoking for a year.
I gave up smoking for health.
I gave up smoking for the sake of my health.
I gave up smoking six months ago.
I gave up smoking three months ago.
I gave up smoking two months ago.
I gave up smoking years ago.
I gave up smoking.
I gave up the idea of seeing the sights of the city because of the bad weather.
I gave up too soon.
I gave up trying to act professional a long time ago.
I gave up trying to do that many years ago.
I gave up trying to do that.
I gave up trying to lose weight years ago.
I gave up.
I gave way to their demands.
I gave you a book.
I gave you a chance, but you didn't take it.
I gave you a chance. You didn't take it. That's on you.
I gave you a comprehensive answer.
I gave you a direct order.
I gave you a house.
I gave you an exhaustive answer.
I gave you an extra hour and you still didn't finish the job.
I gave you an opportunity to correct your mistake.
I gave you an order.
I gave you everything and this is the way you repay me?
I gave you everything you wanted.
I gave you explicit instructions not to touch anything.
I gave you fair warning.
I gave you my answer already.
I gave you my heart for you to love it, not for you to use it.
I gave you my heart for you to love it, not use it!
I gave you my heart, and you took my savings.
I gave you my life.
I gave you my trust, and you betrayed it.
I gave you my word.
I gave you them.
I gave you this scar.
I gave you what you asked for.
I gave you what you wanted.
I gave your car away.
I gaze up at the sky.
I gaze upon the endless horizon.
I gaze upon the mountains, feeling their timeless power.
I gazed at him in amazement.
I gazed at him.
I gazed at the blue sky, waiting for her to come out of her house.
I gazed at the sea for hours.
I gazed out of the window at the landscape.
I gelded one.
I generally agree with Tom.
I generally agree with her.
I generally don't make mistakes.
I generally don't worry about these sorts of things.
I generally get home at eight.
I generally have chemicals about, and occasionally do experiments. Would that annoy you?
I generally have lunch there.
I generally prefer comedies to tragedies.
I generally walk to school.
I gently put my lips on yours.
I genuinely can't stand him in any way.
I genuinely don't believe in your honesty.
I gestured.
I get I didn't do it correctly, but you don't have to be a nit-picker about everything!
I get a bang out of it.
I get a birthday present from my mother every year.
I get a busy signal when I try to call Tom.
I get a call from her once in a while.
I get a commission from sales.
I get a constant feeling that you've been trying to avoid me these past days.
I get a discount here.
I get a divestment quarterly.
I get a feeling that they're cowards.
I get a haircut about three times a year.
I get a haircut every month.
I get a haircut once a month.
I get a headache just hearing the name "Tom."
I get a kick from diving.
I get a kick out of her cheerful personality.
I get a kick out of life.
I get a kick out of making Tom mad.
I get a little too aggressive sometimes.
I get a lot of junk mail.
I get a lot of mail.
I get a lot of questions, either by mail or by mouth, about some matter or another, and I often think that it's a shame not to publish the answers.
I get a lot of satisfaction out of my work.
I get a lot of support from my wife. She helps me with everything.
I get a lot of these calls.
I get a monthly allowance from my parents.
I get a physical examination once a year.
I get a real kick out of football!
I get a three percent commission on anything I sell.
I get a very high salary.
I get about a lot with my job. Last years I visited eleven countries.
I get along quite well now with my new cane.
I get along well with Tom's friends.
I get along well with Tom.
I get along well with all the staff.
I get along well with her.
I get along well with him.
I get along well with my classmates.
I get along well with my neighbors.
I get along well with my new neighbors.
I get along well with my stepfather.
I get along well with my teachers.
I get along well with my younger brother.
I get along well with people.
I get along well with the other kids in my class.
I get along well with them.
I get along with Tom.
I get along with all my brothers.
I get along with everybody.
I get along with everyone.
I get along with him nicely.
I get along with my boss.
I get along with my classmates.
I get along with my coworkers.
I get along with my father-in-law.
I get along with my in-laws.
I get along with my mother-in-law.
I get along with my neighbors.
I get along with my younger brother.
I get along with other top users just fine.
I get an employee discount.
I get an error when I refresh the page.
I get an hour to eat.
I get angry at heavy traffic.
I get angry at my boss.
I get angry at the behaviours of some people.
I get angry easily.
I get angry sometimes.
I get angry when my boyfriend talks to other girls.
I get annoyed when I am kept waiting.
I get anxiety when I drive.
I get anxiety when I'm not in the driver's seat.
I get anxious waiting for a friend for a long time.
I get anxious when I think about dying.
I get anything I want.
I get around.
I get arrested from time to time.
I get asked that question a lot.
I get awkward talking to girls.
I get back home the earliest time in the morning so that I can get the whole day ahead all for myself.
I get back on the 22.30 train to Bologna.
I get blamed for everything.
I get bored at home.
I get bored easily.
I get bored holed up in my cubicle.
I get bored in class.
I get bored quickly in everything I do.
I get bored when I stay home.
I get bored.
I get by a little in French.
I get by.
I get caught in the rain, I'm late for my date, and I lose my pocketbook. It's just one thing after another today.
I get caught in the rain, I’m late for my date, and I lose my pocketbook. It’s just one thing after another today.
I get chapped lips every winter.
I get cold shivers often. Will I catch a cold?
I get complimented all the time.
I get confused easily.
I get confused sometimes, especially when I have too many things on my mind.
I get depressed at times.
I get depressed by the slightest things.
I get depressed sometimes.
I get depressed thinking that a guy like our boss can have ultimate power over us.
I get depressed whenever I think about that problem.
I get distracted by too many possibilities.
I get dizzy spells when I stand up.
I get dizzy when I stand up.
I get dizzy when I travel.
I get dressed and then I will take my breakfast.
I get drunk at least once a month.
I get ear infections all the time.
I get emotional every time I see a child cry.
I get emotional sometimes after a nice game of chess.
I get emotional sometimes.
I get emotional talking about it.
I get emotional.
I get even.
I get everything I want.
I get excited easily.
I get exhausted after running for less than a minute.
I get exhausted after running for only a few seconds.
I get good grades in French.
I get good grades in science.
I get good grades.
I get goose bumps when I see a horror movie.
I get happy as I go to school.
I get happy when someone says something like that to me.
I get headaches from time to time.
I get headaches now and then.
I get heated just talking about her.
I get her point.
I get hives when I eat eggs.
I get home at 4.30 and do my homework.
I get home at half past six.
I get home at half six.
I get home every day at 2:30.
I get home fairly late.
I get home late in the evening.
I get homesick sometimes.
I get hot.
I get how you feel.
I get hysterical easily.
I get in the car.
I get in the dumps at times, and don't open my mouth for days on end. You must not think I am sulky when I do that. Just let me alone, and I'll soon be right.
I get in the taxi.
I get invited to a lot of parties.
I get irritated at his boring stories.
I get it now!
I get it now, or do I?
I get it now.
I get it now. I really get it.
I get it!
I get it! The "chef" is actually a policeman!
I get it.
I get itchy just by thinking about lice.
I get jealous because I love you and I don't want anybody to have you but me. I get jealous because you're the only person I want and I don't want to lose you.
I get jealous when he talks to other girls.
I get kicked around a lot.
I get knowledge by reading books.
I get lonely at times.
I get lonely sometimes.
I get lonely when the cat is outside all day.
I get lonely when there's no one to talk to.
I get lonely when there's nobody to talk to.
I get lost in daydreams.
I get mad at his arrogance.
I get mad just looking at your face.
I get more homesick as the months roll by.
I get more than my fair share of abuse.
I get more than two hundred emails a day.
I get most things at the stores.
I get motion sickness.
I get my hair cut once a month.
I get my secretary to do that.
I get nauseous whenever I fly.
I get nervous at immigration.
I get nervous going through immigration.
I get nervous trying to communicate.
I get nervous when I speak before a large audience.
I get nervous when I speak in front of a large audience.
I get nervous when I speak in front of large crowds.
I get nervous when I'm on stage.
I get nervous when I'm speaking French.
I get nervous when Tom is around.
I get nervous when going through immigration.
I get nervous whenever I go through immigration.
I get nervous.
I get no answer.
I get off at the next station.
I get off duty at noon on Monday.
I get off here.
I get off of work at 5:30.
I get off the bus here.
I get off the streetcar here.
I get off there, too.
I get off work around midnight.
I get off work around ten.
I get off work at 2:30.
I get on pretty well with my new classmates.
I get on the subway every morning at Ginza.
I get on very well with my brother.
I get on very well with your cousin.
I get on well with Tom.
I get on well with all my workmates.
I get on well with him.
I get on well with my stepsister but not with my stepmother.
I get on with him well.
I get on with my reading on rainy days.
I get only five days off this summer.
I get out of bed and run to the bathroom.
I get out of breath.
I get out of the hospital next week.
I get paid 300,000 yen a month.
I get paid 300,000 yen per month.
I get paid a lot for doing this.
I get paid a lot to do that.
I get paid a lot to do this.
I get paid a lot to do what I do.
I get paid a lot.
I get paid at the end of the month.
I get paid every month.
I get paid for this.
I get paid more than most people here do.
I get paid on the first.
I get paid once a month.
I get paid thirty dollars an hour.
I get paid to do that.
I get paid to do this.
I get paid to make sure that other people don't do what they're not supposed to do.
I get paid to play basketball.
I get paid to teach French.
I get paid tomorrow.
I get pain pills from my doctor.
I get phone calls every day from Tom.
I get phone calls every day.
I get plenty of protein as a vegan.
I get really bad performance anxiety before I give a speech.
I get really mad when I see her act like that.
I get really obsessive.
I get restless when I have to wait.
I get rock hard when I listen to her voice.
I get rock hard when I listen to his voice.
I get sad when it rains.
I get scared easily.
I get scared just looking at that doll.
I get scared just walking past him.
I get scared when it thunders.
I get self-conscious.
I get sentimental.
I get sick a lot.
I get sick thinking about money.
I get sick to my stomach every time I see her.
I get sleepy after eating a big meal.
I get sleepy after lunch.
I get sleepy in the early afternoon.
I get sleepy when I'm full.
I get smarter every day.
I get so hungry as soon as I spot a soup plate in front of me.
I get so nervous around Tom.
I get so stressed out sometimes.
I get stage fright.
I get stressed every time.
I get stuff done.
I get sunburned easily.
I get teary-eyed every time I see this movie.
I get teary-eyed every time I watch this movie.
I get that a lot.
I get that he's angry.
I get that it's going to be a problem with Tom on vacation.
I get that this game is a spin-off, but is the story canon?
I get that, but you can't park here.
I get that.
I get the chills from watching terrifyingly scary movies.
I get the distinct feeling that Tom doesn't want to be here.
I get the distinct impression that somebody doesn't want Tom to leave.
I get the dogs mixed up because they look so similar.
I get the error below after logging in.
I get the feeling I'm being given the runaround.
I get the feeling I'm sleeping too much recently.
I get the feeling I’m being given the runaround.
I get the feeling something's not right here.
I get the feeling that I'm the only one who can do that.
I get the feeling that I'm the only one who can't do that.
I get the feeling that I've heard that somewhere before.
I get the feeling that Tom doesn't know what he's doing.
I get the feeling that no one here is telling us the truth.
I get the feeling that she will come today.
I get the feeling that the floor is cold.
I get the feeling that you don't like me very much.
I get the feeling that you don't like me.
I get the feeling that you don't want me here.
I get the feeling that you want to leave.
I get the feeling that you're all just a bunch of yes-men.
I get the feeling that you're telling me what you think I want to hear, instead of what you really think.
I get the feeling there's something wrong with you.
I get the feeling this will be a good day.
I get the feeling you don't really want me to drive.
I get the feeling you don't really want me to go.
I get the feeling you don't really want me to stay.
I get the feeling you don't really want me to win.
I get the feeling you don't want me to win.
I get the feeling you still have an axe to grind. If you've got something to say come on out and say it.
I get the feeling you still have an axe to grind. If you’ve got something to say come on out and say it.
I get the feeling you're trying to tell me something.
I get the feeling you're uncomfortable in this situation.
I get the feeling you’re trying to tell me something.
I get the gist of it.
I get the hang of things fast.
I get the hint.
I get the idea.
I get the impression he wants to hurt me badly.
I get the impression that Tom is in love with you.
I get the impression that this site is one big romance novel of which the protagonists are Tom and Mary.
I get the impression that you are kidding me.
I get the impression that you aren't telling the truth.
I get the impression that you don't have any other choice.
I get the impression you have no other choice.
I get the message.
I get the picture now.
I get the picture.
I get the point.
I get the sense that Tom feels humiliated having to ask for help.
I get the sense that Tom is ashamed of having to ask for help.
I get the underground to school every day.
I get the urge to do that once in a while.
I get things done.
I get thirsty every night.
I get this band.
I get this question all the time.
I get three weeks paid vacation a year, plus five sick days.
I get three weeks paid vacation a year.
I get tired due to my old age.
I get tired easily.
I get tired of hearing Tom talking about Mary.
I get tired of listening to the kind of music Tom always plays.
I get tired of losing.
I get tired of yelling at Tom.
I get tired.
I get to do anything I want to do.
I get to do anything I want.
I get to do whatever I want.
I get to go to Australia next week.
I get to go to Boston next week.
I get to test stuff in the robotics lab.
I get to the concert hall.
I get tongue-tied in front of you.
I get two hours' exercise every day.
I get two hour’s exercise every day.
I get up around seven o’clock.
I get up around seven.
I get up at 6 a.m.
I get up at 6 o'clock every morning.
I get up at 6.00 a.m.
I get up at 6.30 a.m.
I get up at 6.30.
I get up at 6:30 almost every day.
I get up at 6:30 every morning.
I get up at 6:30 on school days.
I get up at 6:30.
I get up at 7 o'clock.
I get up at 7.00.
I get up at 7:00.
I get up at 7:30.
I get up at all sorts of ungodly hours, and I am extremely lazy.
I get up at half past six in the morning.
I get up at half six in the morning.
I get up at seven every morning.
I get up at seven.
I get up at six almost every day.
I get up at six every day.
I get up at six every morning.
I get up at six in the morning.
I get up at six o'clock.
I get up at six.
I get up at the same time every day.
I get up at the same time every morning.
I get up earlier than my children.
I get up early almost every day.
I get up early almost every morning.
I get up early during the week, however on weekends I'm a late riser.
I get up early every morning.
I get up early in summer as a rule.
I get up early in the morning.
I get up early.
I get up every day around 7 am.
I get up every morning at dawn.
I get up every morning at six o'clock.
I get up every morning at six.
I get up every morning before sunrise to pray.
I get up every morning to go to work.
I get up in the morning at eight thirty.
I get up pretty late.
I get up very early.
I get up when they go to sleep.
I get up with the chickens.
I get up, wash, shower, shave, and get dressed.
I get upset when things like that happen.
I get very angry when you don't answer my questions.
I get very hungry late at night.
I get very lonely sometimes.
I get very tired in the morning.
I get very uncomfortable when I catch him staring at me.
I get weekends off.
I get weirdly sleepy when I listen to this song.
I get what I want.
I get what Tom means.
I get what you mean.
I get what you're saying.
I get where you're coming from, but I still don't agree.
I get where you're coming from.
I get why Tom asked that question.
I get why you like this town so much.
I get why you're so interested.
I get you.
I get your drift.
I get your message.
I get your point, but I still don't agree.
I get your point.
I ghostwrote one of Tom Jackson's novels.
I gifted an anti-dandruff shampoo to my colleague.
I giggled.
I give Jack the apple.
I give John the apple.
I give Tom money every week.
I give a good scolding.
I give a lot of importance to physical contact.
I give a lot to you.
I give an example.
I give and take stuff from other people.
I give blowjobs for money.
I give charity almost every day.
I give good grades for good answers.
I give greetings to everyone.
I give her a book.
I give her everything that she asks for.
I give him a book.
I give him nothing.
I give in.
I give it to him.
I give knowledge.
I give lessons in Spanish.
I give lessons on Skype.
I give my blood for this job.
I give my children an allowance.
I give my dog meat at least once a week.
I give my father a book.
I give my friend a bunch of flowers.
I give my mother a birthday present every year.
I give my mother fifty thousand yen on payday every month.
I give my pledge that I will quit smoking.
I give my regards to your family.
I give my word.
I give myself to the study of philosophy.
I give part of my paycheck to my parents to help them pay the bills.
I give sensational massages.
I give support through clarity.
I give the book to my friend.
I give the chicken's eggs away for free.
I give the cows hay, and midday's work is over.
I give the cows hay, and midday’s work is over.
I give the floor to Dr. Tom.
I give the floor to Mr. Durand.
I give the money to my son.
I give them what they want.
I give to a person while another is dearer to me, for fear that he might be thrown on his face in the Fire by Allah.
I give to charities.
I give up - tell me the answer.
I give up tutoring Tom.
I give up!
I give up! I can't solve this crossword puzzle.
I give up.
I give up. No matter what I do, you never seem to be satisfied.
I give up. What do an Irish priest and Congolese witch doctor have in common?
I give up. What's the answer?
I give up. What's the solution?
I give water to the dog.
I give whatever I can to the poor children.
I give without expecting anything in return.
I give you a book.
I give you a clue.
I give you a steamed bun to eat.
I give you enough money every month to pay all your bills.
I give you everything you ask for, but you never seem satisfied.
I give you five minutes to resolve this issue.
I give you five minutes to solve this problem.
I give you money, but you should not use everything up.
I give you my blessing.
I give you my heart.
I give you my permission to do whatever you want to do.
I give you my supreme word of honor.
I give you my word not to tell anyone about it.
I give you my word of honor.
I give you my word of honour.
I give you my word on it.
I give you my word on that.
I give you my word that I'll rescue you both.
I give you my word.
I give you peace.
I give you permission to do whatever it takes to finish the job.
I give you permission to stay.
I give you plenty of money each month.
I give you the floor.
I give you this pipe with which I obtained the prize in contending with many a shepherd and many a herdsman; give me in return for this gift but one kiss, while yet I live.
I give you this ring as a symbol of my love.
I give you two permission to do whatever you think is necessary.
I glad that you took that gun away from Tom.
I glad you were able to come to my concert last night.
I gladly accept your challenge.
I gladly accepted his proposal.
I gladly agreed.
I glanced around me.
I glanced around the room.
I glanced around.
I glanced at Facebook: there was a message from him.
I glanced at Tom.
I glanced at him.
I glanced at his letter.
I glanced at my companion, and his face had assumed such a disconsolate expression that it was all I could do to keep my countenance.
I glanced at my watch.
I glanced at the books upon the table, and in spite of my ignorance of German I could see that two of them were treatises on science, the others being volumes of poetry.
I glanced at the clock and knew what time it was.
I glanced at the line for the bathroom and instantly regretted drinking so much, as my mind raced for a solution to my urgent predicament.
I glanced at the two men walking in front of me.
I glanced away.
I glanced back and met his eyes for a brief moment.
I glanced back.
I glanced behind me.
I glanced down at my feet.
I glanced out the window just as Tom walked past my house.
I glanced through the book.
I glanced through the brochure.
I glare resentfully at the crimson letter, is this the infamous red-paper draft notice?
I glared at Mina.
I glared at Tom.
I glared at him with a blatant look of disapproval on my face.
I glared briefly in the referee’s direction but he was putting on a calm face while picking his nose. "Dammit, the fight’s a fixup!?"
I glided.
I glimpsed the girl among the crowd.
I gloated.
I glued it back together.
I glued it together myself.
I glued it together.
I glued the last piece of my collage with success.
I glued the parts together.
I go abroad every summer.
I go along gently.
I go and search for something to eat.
I go anywhere I like.
I go anywhere I want.
I go as I wish.
I go as often as I can.
I go back home to Australia every year.
I go back home to Boston every three months.
I go buy food every morning.
I go by Itch.
I go by Tom.
I go by he/him pronouns.
I go by plane.
I go by she/her pronouns.
I go by that church every day.
I go by that shop every morning on my way to school.
I go by the nickname "Itch."
I go by they/them pronouns.
I go camping every summer.
I go camping whenever I get the chance.
I go crazy just thinking about it.
I go down before my allotted term of life is over.
I go down the stairs slowly because I don't want to fall down.
I go downtown every Monday.
I go downtown on Mondays.
I go downtown several times a week.
I go every year.
I go everywhere.
I go fishing almost every day.
I go fishing as often as I can.
I go fishing every week.
I go fishing several times a year.
I go fishing whenever I can.
I go fishing whenever I get the chance.
I go fishing.
I go for a jog every morning before breakfast.
I go for a run every day.
I go for a walk every day, except when it rains.
I go for a walk every day.
I go for a walk every morning.
I go for a walk every other day.
I go for a walk with my husband every evening.
I go get my bag.
I go grocery shopping every morning.
I go hiking whenever I get the chance.
I go home after everyone else goes home.
I go home at 6 p.m..
I go home early every day.
I go home right after work.
I go home to shower and sleep, but some engineers never leave this place.
I go home.
I go hunting in my leisure time.
I go ice skating every chance I get.
I go ice skating every chance that I get.
I go in for tennis while my sister goes in for swimming.
I go into the bank.
I go into the city every day.
I go into the market.
I go into the middle of the inn.
I go into the store, and who do I see? An American friend, who immediately begins to tell me what has been going on with him since we last met.
I go into the store.
I go into town every weekend.
I go into town on Mondays.
I go jogging almost every morning.
I go jogging before breakfast almost every day.
I go jogging before breakfast almost every morning.
I go jogging before breakfast every morning.
I go jogging daily.
I go jogging every morning before I go to school.
I go jogging.
I go monthly to the hairdresser.
I go mostly just home.
I go mountain climbing about once a month.
I go mountain climbing whenever I get the chance.
I go near that store myself.
I go often.
I go on a cruise every year.
I go on a cruise once a year.
I go on a trip to Turkey.
I go on foot.
I go on more dates than Tom does.
I go on the Internet almost every day.
I go on vacation next week.
I go out after dinner.
I go out for lunch at twelve.
I go out for walks after dinner.
I go out of my way to seek linguistic diversity.
I go out sometimes for a beer.
I go out to buy the newspaper.
I go out to run every week.
I go out with Mary almost every Saturday.
I go overseas a lot.
I go quickly to Mary.
I go quickly.
I go red just thinking about it.
I go red just thinking of it.
I go right home after work.
I go running every day.
I go running every morning.
I go running regularly.
I go shopping almost every day.
I go shopping at least once a week.
I go shopping every day.
I go shopping every morning.
I go shopping every other day.
I go shopping once a week.
I go shopping with my daughter every weekend.
I go shopping.
I go skateboarding at the weekend.
I go skiing about once a week in the winter.
I go skiing as often as I can.
I go skiing every chance I get.
I go skiing every winter.
I go skiing very often.
I go skiing whenever I can.
I go skiing whenever I get the chance.
I go straight home after work.
I go swimming about twice a week.
I go swimming as often as I can.
I go swimming every Monday.
I go swimming every chance I get.
I go swimming every chance that I get.
I go swimming every day.
I go swimming on Saturdays.
I go swimming once a week.
I go swimming regularly.
I go swimming weekly.
I go there a lot.
I go there all the time.
I go there as often as I can.
I go there every Monday.
I go there every day.
I go there every year.
I go there often.
I go there on Monday.
I go there once a month.
I go there sometimes.
I go there three times a year.
I go there to be alone.
I go this way every day.
I go through Chinatown and admire the beautiful signs that I still do not understand.
I go through the park.
I go to Africa every year.
I go to Ankara University.
I go to Australia a lot.
I go to Australia all the time.
I go to Australia every October.
I go to Australia every chance I get.
I go to Australia every year in October.
I go to Australia every year.
I go to Australia more often than I go to New Zealand.
I go to Australia more often than New Zealand.
I go to Australia once a month.
I go to Australia quite often.
I go to Australia several times a year.
I go to Australia three or four times a year.
I go to Australia three times a year.
I go to Bejaia University.
I go to Boston a lot.
I go to Boston all the time.
I go to Boston as often as I can.
I go to Boston every Monday.
I go to Boston every chance I get.
I go to Boston every chance that I get.
I go to Boston every summer.
I go to Boston every week.
I go to Boston every year on the same day.
I go to Boston every year.
I go to Boston more often than Chicago.
I go to Boston more often than I go to Chicago.
I go to Boston once a month.
I go to Boston once a week.
I go to Boston quite often.
I go to Boston several times a year.
I go to Boston three or four times a year.
I go to Boston three times a month.
I go to Boston three times a year.
I go to Boston whenever I can.
I go to Bouira University.
I go to Boumerdes University.
I go to Brazil by airplane.
I go to France during the holidays.
I go to Harvard.
I go to Hiroshima three times a month.
I go to Hyogo University.
I go to Italy every year.
I go to Kabylie all the time.
I go to Kabylie by bus.
I go to Kabylie every Friday.
I go to Kabylie every week.
I go to Kabylie every weekend.
I go to Kabylie every winter break.
I go to Kabylie three times a week.
I go to Kabylie to escape the stress of the city.
I go to Kabylie, Algeria, every winter break.
I go to Koshien stadium.
I go to Kyoto.
I go to Laos.
I go to Mouloud Mammeri University in Tizi Ouzou.
I go to Osaka by bus.
I go to P.E. class just so I can watch sweaty boys running around in shorts.
I go to Paris.
I go to Portuguese classes on Fridays.
I go to San Pablo.
I go to Tizi Ouzou University.
I go to Tokyo University.
I go to Tokyo every day.
I go to Tuja.
I go to Turkey tomorrow.
I go to a Catholic church.
I go to a dentist on Park Street.
I go to a driving school.
I go to a private school.
I go to a restaurant every other day.
I go to a restaurant once in a blue moon.
I go to a state school.
I go to all of my club's matches whenever I can.
I go to an all boys school.
I go to an international university.
I go to any party I am invited to.
I go to bed about ten.
I go to bed after I study.
I go to bed after work at around eight in the morning and wake up around three in the afternoon.
I go to bed around 11:30 p.m.
I go to bed at 10 p.m.
I go to bed at 10.30.
I go to bed at around ten at night.
I go to bed at eleven at night.
I go to bed at eleven every night.
I go to bed at eleven.
I go to bed at sunset.
I go to bed at ten almost every day.
I go to bed at ten as a rule.
I go to bed at ten every day.
I go to bed at ten every night.
I go to bed at ten o'clock at night.
I go to bed at ten o'clock every evening.
I go to bed at ten o'clock.
I go to bed at ten.
I go to bed at the same time every night.
I go to bed before 10 p.m.
I go to bed early at night.
I go to bed early because I have to wake up early.
I go to bed early every night.
I go to bed early so I can get up to capture the sunrise.
I go to bed early.
I go to bed late at night.
I go to bed late.
I go to bed very early.
I go to bed very late.
I go to bed.
I go to cabarets two times a week, but I have no interest in after-hours.
I go to church by car.
I go to church every Sunday.
I go to church every day.
I go to church on Sunday.
I go to church on Sundays.
I go to church once in a blue moon.
I go to church.
I go to college in Boston.
I go to college.
I go to concerts as often as I can.
I go to driving school.
I go to gym after work to stay in shape.
I go to hell and back.
I go to high school.
I go to mass every Sunday.
I go to medical school.
I go to my bed.
I go to my father's place twice a year.
I go to my father’s place twice a year.
I go to my office on foot.
I go to my work at eight forty as a rule.
I go to nursery school.
I go to one of my sister-in-laws for a month and the neighbourhood has gone to the dogs.
I go to riding school every week to learn how to ride.
I go to school at eight in the morning.
I go to school at eight o'clock.
I go to school at seven o'clock.
I go to school at seven thirty.
I go to school at seven.
I go to school because I want to learn.
I go to school by bicycle even on rainy days.
I go to school by bicycle even when it's raining.
I go to school by bicycle.
I go to school by bus and train.
I go to school by bus.
I go to school by school bus.
I go to school by subway.
I go to school daily.
I go to school every day by bus.
I go to school every day by metro.
I go to school every day by tube.
I go to school every day.
I go to school every morning.
I go to school five days a week.
I go to school here, too.
I go to school here.
I go to school in Boston.
I go to school in Tokyo.
I go to school on Saturday.
I go to school on a bus.
I go to school on foot.
I go to school only three days a week.
I go to school to teach English.
I go to school with Tom.
I go to school with him.
I go to school.
I go to see her every other day.
I go to see my friend in hospital every other day.
I go to see them every other day.
I go to sleep at about midnight.
I go to sleep at seven in the morning every Sunday.
I go to sleep at ten almost every day.
I go to summer school.
I go to teach English at school.
I go to teach in Wales?
I go to that store every day.
I go to the annual community meeting.
I go to the bank every Monday.
I go to the barber once a month.
I go to the barber's once a month.
I go to the barber’s once a month.
I go to the bazaar every Sunday afternoon.
I go to the beach almost every day.
I go to the beach almost every weekend in the summer.
I go to the beach almost every weekend.
I go to the beach as often as I can.
I go to the beach sometimes.
I go to the best private school in Algiers.
I go to the church on Sundays.
I go to the cinema every week.
I go to the cinema on average three times a week.
I go to the cinema once a week.
I go to the city pool every day.
I go to the city to buy bread.
I go to the conservatory every other day – on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays.
I go to the country every summer.
I go to the dentist every other day.
I go to the dentist every second day.
I go to the dentist's every other day.
I go to the dentist.
I go to the dentist’s every other day.
I go to the fridge and open a can.
I go to the garden.
I go to the gym 3 times a week for my health.
I go to the gym every afternoon to practice my Latin.
I go to the gym three times a week to get in shape.
I go to the gym three times a week.
I go to the gym two or three times a week.
I go to the hairdresser's every month.
I go to the hospital today.
I go to the left.
I go to the library at least once a week.
I go to the library every Monday.
I go to the library every other day.
I go to the library from time to time.
I go to the library two or three times a week.
I go to the market.
I go to the mosque every Friday.
I go to the mosque every day.
I go to the mosque every week.
I go to the mosque on Friday.
I go to the mountain.
I go to the movies every week.
I go to the movies just once a month and we choose a new president every four years.
I go to the movies once a month.
I go to the movies once in a while.
I go to the movies once per week.
I go to the movies sometimes.
I go to the movies three or four times a month.
I go to the museum whenever I get the chance.
I go to the office as required by my work.
I go to the office by bicycle except on rainy days.
I go to the office by car every day.
I go to the office by car, and I try to leave home as early as I can so that I can avoid the traffic jams.
I go to the park whenever I want to relax.
I go to the park.
I go to the pharmacy and buy medicine.
I go to the restaurant every 2 days.
I go to the same school as Kenji.
I go to the same school as Tom and Mary do.
I go to the same school as Tom does.
I go to the same school as Tom.
I go to the same school that Tom and Mary do.
I go to the same school that Tom does.
I go to the same school that you do.
I go to the same school you do.
I go to the same secondary school as Tom.
I go to the school by bus.
I go to the school with my little sister.
I go to the sea early in the morning so I don't get sunburnt.
I go to the southwest of the village.
I go to the store to motivate my mom.
I go to the theatre.
I go to this school.
I go to university.
I go to visit my friend in the hospital every other day.
I go to work at eight o'clock in the morning.
I go to work at eight.
I go to work at seven o'clock.
I go to work by bicycle.
I go to work by bike.
I go to work by bus.
I go to work by car every day.
I go to work every day by train.
I go to work every day.
I go to work every morning by train.
I go to work in the morning for a seven o'clock start.
I go to work with my neighbor.
I go to work.
I go up to him and start to talk with him.
I go up to the rooftop when I want to see the blue sky.
I go very gladly to school.
I go walking with her.
I go where I please.
I go where I want to go.
I go where I'm told to go.
I go where Tom tells me to go.
I go wherever I feel like.
I go wherever I please.
I go wherever I want.
I go.
I goaded her into going to the party.
I going to buy a motorcycle.
I going to the concert with Tom.
I going to try to stay up until Tom gets home.
I gonna button my lips so the truth don't slip.
I gonna prepare the snack.
I goofed off a bit much and work started piling up. I'm worried I might not make the deadline.
I goofed!
I goofed.
I google everyone I interview for a job.
I google everyone I meet.
I google everyone that I interview for a job.
I google myself all the time.
I googled "Boston" to see what I could find out before I went there.
I googled "knife and fork" and "fork and knife" to see which got more results.
I googled Algeria.
I googled for recipes.
I googled how to do that.
I googled it, but I found nothing.
I googled that.
I googled the menu.
I googled the word "unicycle."
I googled you after we met.
I googled you and found out that you've spent time in prison.
I googled you and found out you've spent time in prison.
I googled you before you got here.
I googled you last night.
I googled you.
I googled your ex-husband.
I gorged myself on berkoukes.
I got 100% of the teacher's attention.
I got 80 marks out of a maximum of 100.
I got Jewified.
I got Judaized.
I got Mary to admit she'd made a mistake.
I got Mary to correct the errors in my composition.
I got Rima out of the house.
I got Tom a bicycle.
I got Tom a glass of water.
I got Tom a job.
I got Tom a soccer ball for his birthday.
I got Tom a taxi.
I got Tom and Mary to admit they'd made a mistake.
I got Tom drunk last night.
I got Tom drunk.
I got Tom fired.
I got Tom into this mess.
I got Tom out of a mess.
I got Tom out of trouble.
I got Tom some water.
I got Tom that costume for Halloween.
I got Tom to accept my help.
I got Tom to admit he'd made a mistake.
I got Tom to admit that he'd made a mistake.
I got Tom to agree to do that.
I got Tom to buy it for me.
I got Tom to buy me that.
I got Tom to buy that for me.
I got Tom to buy what I needed.
I got Tom to carry my suitcase.
I got Tom to clean my room.
I got Tom to clean the room.
I got Tom to cook dinner for us.
I got Tom to correct my essay.
I got Tom to do it for me.
I got Tom to do it.
I got Tom to do that for Mary.
I got Tom to do that for me.
I got Tom to do that for us.
I got Tom to do that for you.
I got Tom to do that.
I got Tom to do what he was supposed to do.
I got Tom to do what we wanted him to do.
I got Tom to drive Mary home.
I got Tom to drive me home.
I got Tom to fix my bicycle.
I got Tom to fix the door.
I got Tom to go to the supermarket to buy some eggs.
I got Tom to help me do that.
I got Tom to help me move the piano.
I got Tom to help me paint my house.
I got Tom to help me with my homework.
I got Tom to help me.
I got Tom to help.
I got Tom to laugh.
I got Tom to leave.
I got Tom to lend me some money.
I got Tom to mend my shoes.
I got Tom to paint the fence.
I got Tom to pay for my lunch.
I got Tom to polish my shoes.
I got Tom to proofread my paper.
I got Tom to sign the new contract.
I got Tom to sing us a couple of songs.
I got Tom to sit next to me.
I got Tom to smile.
I got Tom to stop smoking.
I got Tom to swim.
I got Tom to take my picture.
I got Tom to wait.
I got Tom to wash dishes.
I got Tom to wash my car.
I got Tom to wash the dishes.
I got Tom to write the letter for me.
I got Tom's autograph!
I got Tom's autograph.
I got Tom's letter yesterday.
I got Tom's message.
I got Tom's money.
I got Tom's phone number.
I got Tom.
I got a "satisfactory" in English.
I got a $300 gift card from Tom for Christmas.
I got a 3-day supply of medication.
I got a B in arithmetic.
I got a B in physics.
I got a B on my Berber test.
I got a B on my French test.
I got a B on my last French test.
I got a C in English.
I got a C in French.
I got a C in my last French test.
I got a C on my last French test.
I got a Christmas card from Tom three years ago.
I got a Christmas card from Tom.
I got a D on my science test.
I got a D.
I got a Pantera tattoo.
I got a bad deal.
I got a bad grade.
I got a bad mark because I didn't study.
I got a bad one.
I got a bad score on the test.
I got a ball in my face. There were some kids playing on a soccer field.
I got a bang out of her party.
I got a bargain.
I got a beating so hard that I thought I wouldn't even live.
I got a beautiful letter from Tom.
I got a bee sting.
I got a better offer.
I got a bicycle for Christmas.
I got a bicycle for Tom.
I got a big discount on this.
I got a big pay raise.
I got a birthday card from Tom.
I got a birthmark removed.
I got a bit carried away when I was dancing and got up on the table.
I got a bit lost in the woods.
I got a bit lost. Sorry to have worried you.
I got a bit of information from her.
I got a blanket and put it over Tom.
I got a blister on my hand from practicing tennis.
I got a bone-marrow transplant.
I got a bonus.
I got a book down from the shelf and gave it to Tom.
I got a book down from the shelf and handed it to Tom.
I got a book down from the shelf and started reading it.
I got a book from my father.
I got a book in the mail today.
I got a bug in my eye and I can't get it out.
I got a bug in my eye and I can’t get it out.
I got a bump on my head.
I got a burn on my finger.
I got a bus pass.
I got a call about the news, then all of the sudden the entire neighborhood knew about it.
I got a call about thirty minutes ago from Tom.
I got a call about this.
I got a call from Boston.
I got a call from Tom at 2:30 in the morning.
I got a call from Tom this morning.
I got a call from Tom today.
I got a call from Tom.
I got a call from a deacon in your church.
I got a call from a male friend yesterday.
I got a call from a man named Tom Jackson last night.
I got a call from an unknown number.
I got a call from headquarters.
I got a call from her this morning.
I got a call from her.
I got a call from him.
I got a call from home.
I got a call from someone named Tom.
I got a call from the school today.
I got a call from them.
I got a call yesterday from an AI voice that was trying to sound like Tom.
I got a camera in a lottery.
I got a card from Tom.
I got a cavity filled.
I got a chance to do that last week.
I got a chance to do that.
I got a chance to meet Tom on Monday.
I got a checkup last week.
I got a checkup yesterday.
I got a checkup.
I got a chip in my eye.
I got a cold.
I got a computer for Christmas.
I got a computer game from my father.
I got a computer with a matte screen, since I find that it doesn't strain my eyes as much.
I got a cramp in my leg for having stood so long.
I got a cramp in my leg while swimming.
I got a cramp in my leg. I can't walk.
I got a craving for cherries.
I got a degree in Translation.
I got a degree in translation.
I got a disease from listening to that band.
I got a divorce from him.
I got a driver's license at last.
I got a driver’s license at last.
I got a driving licence at last.
I got a facial, a manicure and a pedicure.
I got a falafel.
I got a famous singer's autograph.
I got a famous singer’s autograph.
I got a farewell present from everyone.
I got a few complaints regarding Tom's conduct.
I got a few hours of sleep.
I got a fish bone stuck in my throat.
I got a flat tire on my way here.
I got a flat tire on my way home.
I got a flat tire on my way to work.
I got a flat tire on the way back.
I got a flat tire on the way to work today.
I got a flat tire.
I got a flat tyre.
I got a flu shot.
I got a gift from one of my colleagues.
I got a gig DJing at my school's radio station.
I got a girl and her name is Mary.
I got a glass of water for Tom.
I got a glimpse of the wrestler as he hurriedly left the gymnasium.
I got a good deal.
I got a good grade in English.
I got a good grade on my French test.
I got a good grade.
I got a good idea.
I got a good job offer.
I got a good job.
I got a good look.
I got a good mark in English.
I got a good mark in the assignment.
I got a good night's sleep.
I got a good one.
I got a good score on the test, but I still think I'm dumb.
I got a good score on the test.
I got a good seat.
I got a goodnight kiss.
I got a grant for my tuition.
I got a great kernel panic a day or two ago.
I got a hair-clipper to save myself from spending money on a hairdresser.
I got a haircut for my long hair.
I got a haircut just last week.
I got a haircut last week.
I got a haircut on the way home from work.
I got a haircut three days ago.
I got a haircut yesterday.
I got a head start.
I got a high score on the test.
I got a high score, but the advice was harsh.
I got a hole in my jeans.
I got a horrible shock when I saw the car accident.
I got a job as a carpenter.
I got a job as a waiter at a restaurant on Park Street.
I got a job in a toy store.
I got a job offer.
I got a job teaching Berber.
I got a job teaching French.
I got a job.
I got a kiss from him in response.
I got a late start this morning.
I got a leg cramp after using the leg press.
I got a letter from Boston.
I got a letter from Tom today.
I got a letter from Tom yesterday.
I got a letter from Tom.
I got a letter from a Finnish friend.
I got a letter from a friend of mine in Australia.
I got a letter from a friend of mine in Japan.
I got a letter from a friend of mine in London.
I got a letter from a friend.
I got a letter from a very good friend.
I got a letter from an old friend yesterday.
I got a letter from her today.
I got a letter from her yesterday.
I got a letter from her.
I got a letter from him yesterday.
I got a letter from my friend.
I got a letter from the municipality.
I got a letter today from my grandparents.
I got a letter written in French.
I got a letter written with a pencil.
I got a letter.
I got a little bit better before getting worse.
I got a little carried away.
I got a little drunk.
I got a little emotional.
I got a little nervous.
I got a little paper cut.
I got a little paranoid.
I got a little revenge on him.
I got a little stronger.
I got a little sunburned.
I got a little tired.
I got a little too impatient.
I got a little upset over it.
I got a loan and bet everything on the 24...
I got a loan from the bank.
I got a long letter from Tom.
I got a long letter from my folks.
I got a lot done today.
I got a lot more than that.
I got a lot of compliments on it.
I got a lot of flak for my decision.
I got a lot of insect bites in the woods.
I got a lot of mail this morning.
I got a lot of mosquito bites.
I got a lot of pleasure out of seeing Tom.
I got a lot of things done today.
I got a lot of work done today.
I got a lot out of that book I read.
I got a lot to say.
I got a love that keeps me waiting.
I got a low score on the test.
I got a lucky break.
I got a major adrenaline rush.
I got a makeup-induced rash.
I got a message from Tom in French.
I got a message from Tom.
I got a message from her in Berber.
I got a message from her.
I got a message from him.
I got a message from my teacher.
I got a message from them.
I got a message that Tom needed to see me.
I got a message that Tom wanted to see me.
I got a message that you wanted to see me.
I got a motorbike cheap.
I got a motorcycle driver's license when I was sixteen and a half.
I got a mouth ulcer again.
I got a music box for my birthday.
I got a nasty sting from a wasp.
I got a new battery put in my watch yesterday.
I got a new bike for my birthday.
I got a new camera.
I got a new cellphone.
I got a new computer for my birthday.
I got a new foot pedal for my guitar.
I got a new girlfriend; you didn't know?
I got a new hat at the department store.
I got a new hat at the shop.
I got a new high score.
I got a new identity card.
I got a new jacket yesterday.
I got a new job.
I got a new pair of glasses.
I got a new pair of shoes.
I got a new passion.
I got a new passport.
I got a new stereo at that store.
I got a new tattoo last week.
I got a new translation project.
I got a new trumpet.
I got a nice letter from Tom.
I got a nice letter.
I got a noisemaker as a Purim gift.
I got a note from Tom asking him to meet him after school.
I got a notification.
I got a one-week suspension.
I got a pair of new shoes.
I got a parking ticket last week.
I got a parking ticket today.
I got a parking ticket.
I got a part-time job as a bartender at the same bar where Tom sings.
I got a part-time job at a gas station.
I got a pay raise in October.
I got a perfect score on the math section.
I got a perfect score.
I got a phone call from Tom.
I got a phone call from him just as I was about to go to bed.
I got a phone call in Esperanto.
I got a piece of lead for my mechanical pencil from her.
I got a poor grade in geography.
I got a postcard from Australia.
I got a postcard from Boston.
I got a postcard from France.
I got a postcard from Norway yesterday.
I got a postcard from Tom.
I got a pregnancy test.
I got a premium for subscribing to the magazine.
I got a present from Tom.
I got a present from my grandfather for my birthday.
I got a present from my workmates.
I got a present, but I don't know who it's from.
I got a promotion.
I got a puppy from my father for my birthday.
I got a puppy.
I got a quick glimpse of Takanohana as he hurriedly left the gymnasium.
I got a raise today.
I got a raise.
I got a rash from cosmetics.
I got a rash from poison ivy.
I got a rash on my hands from dishwasher detergent.
I got a real adrenaline rush.
I got a real fright!
I got a really weird text message.
I got a refund.
I got a reprimand from the boss.
I got a restraining order against Tom.
I got a ride with Tom.
I got a room in a four-star hotel.
I got a root canal.
I got a runner's high after using the elliptical machine for fifty minutes.
I got a scented candle gift from my mother.
I got a scholarship.
I got a scrape while skiing.
I got a scribbled note from him, but haven't heard from him since.
I got a scribbled note from him, but haven’t heard from him since.
I got a season's pass to all the home games.
I got a season’s pass to all the home games.
I got a sharp-edged knife.
I got a shave and a haircut.
I got a shirt from a friend for my birthday.
I got a sick feeling when I looked at him.
I got a smooth shave.
I got a speeding ticket.
I got a standing ovation.
I got a stomach tumor and had to have it operated on.
I got a stomachache from laughing too much.
I got a stomachache.
I got a sunburn.
I got a suntan.
I got a surprise visit from Tom.
I got a takeout salad for lunch.
I got a taste for sake at the age of fifteen.
I got a tattoo to cover a scar from a traumatic event.
I got a tattoo.
I got a taxi in front of the station.
I got a taxi to the station.
I got a telegram this morning.
I got a telescope for my birthday.
I got a temporary filling.
I got a temporary job at the firm.
I got a terrible shock when I saw the traffic accident.
I got a text from Tom while I was eating lunch.
I got a text from Tom.
I got a text message in Berber.
I got a text message in French.
I got a text message written in French.
I got a thesaurus as a present and I feel very happy, glad, cheerful, jovial, jubilant and merry.
I got a thorn in my finger.
I got a ticket for driving in the bus lane.
I got a ticket for free.
I got a ticket for parking wrongly.
I got a ticket for speeding.
I got a tooth decay.
I got a tooth pulled out.
I got a tooth pulled.
I got a traffic ticket.
I got a useful piece of information out of Tom.
I got a useful piece of information out of him.
I got a very high score on my French test.
I got a very low score on today's test.
I got a very nice gift from Tom.
I got a very nice thank you note from Tom.
I got a video cassette recorder cheap at that shop.
I got a voicemail when I was not home.
I got a warning from the boss, so I'll have to tread carefully.
I got a weird email.
I got a wicked new bike yesterday.
I got a yellow handkerchief on my birthday.
I got absolutely no reply.
I got accepted.
I got accustomed to living alone.
I got acquainted with a woman in the bus.
I got acquainted with her in France.
I got acquainted with him in France.
I got acquainted with him last night.
I got acquainted with him last year.
I got acquainted with him three years ago.
I got acquainted with my wife at a party.
I got acquainted with the chief executive.
I got ahead of myself.
I got airsick and felt like throwing up.
I got all choked up when I heard Ryo's voice on the telephone.
I got all choked up when I heard Ryo’s voice on the telephone.
I got all choked up when I heard the voice of Ryo over the telephone.
I got all dressed up for Tom's party.
I got all dressed up for you today.
I got all excited.
I got all my money dirty last night. Now what can I do?
I got all this from Tom.
I got all tongue-tied when she spoke to me.
I got almost everything I asked for.
I got almost everything I needed.
I got almost everything I wanted.
I got almost everything wrong.
I got along so well with the guy sitting next to me at the pub that we ended up drinking together till dawn.
I got along with everybody.
I got along with the lieutenant colonel.
I got an A at school.
I got an A in French.
I got an A in that exam.
I got an A in the exam.
I got an A on my book report.
I got an A on my essay.
I got an A on the Berber test.
I got an A on the French test.
I got an A on today's French test.
I got an A.
I got an AIDS test.
I got an Austrian passport.
I got an F for Failure.
I got an F in chemistry.
I got an F on my test.
I got an F.
I got an IV at the hospital.
I got an Uber.
I got an adrenalin rush.
I got an adrenaline rush.
I got an anonymous tip.
I got an earful from my mom last night.
I got an eerie feeling as I entered the cave.
I got an electric shock.
I got an email from Tom this morning.
I got an email from Tom yesterday, but I haven't yet replied.
I got an email in French last week.
I got an email yesterday that was written in French.
I got an erection.
I got an excellent grade on the test, and that makes me very happy.
I got an eyeful.
I got an infection and was prescribed antibiotics.
I got an ink blot on this form.
I got an invitation to a party tonight that I know would be a lot of fun but I have to be in my best form for tomorrow's meeting so I had to turn it down.
I got an invitation to a party tonight that I know would be a lot of fun but I have to be in my best form for tomorrow’s meeting so I had to turn it down.
I got an invitation to join their club.
I got an invitation to join them.
I got an invitation.
I got an ocarina from my daughter on Father's Day. Frankly, though, I don't need it. I wonder where she could have come up with such a present.
I got an old Toyota from my uncle.
I got an opportunity to do that the day before yesterday.
I got an unexpected bill in the mail.
I got an unexpected visit from Tom.
I got angry when I saw what Tom was doing.
I got angry when Tom said that.
I got angry with Tom.
I got angry with my parents.
I got angry.
I got annoyed.
I got another COVID booster.
I got another booster.
I got another chance to do that.
I got another chance.
I got another dog.
I got another job.
I got another letter from Tom today.
I got another message from Tom today.
I got arrested and spent the night in jail.
I got arrested for doing that.
I got arrested for shoplifting.
I got arrested in Australia.
I got arrested in Boston for shoplifting.
I got arrested in Boston.
I got arrested.
I got athlete's foot from the shower at the gym.
I got attacked by a bear.
I got attacked by a bobcat.
I got attacked by a wolf.
I got attacked.
I got audited.
I got away disguised as a woman.
I got away with it.
I got away.
I got awfully hungry.
I got back at 2:30.
I got back from Australia in October.
I got back from Australia just last night.
I got back from Australia last night.
I got back from Australia yesterday.
I got back from Boston just last night.
I got back from Boston last night.
I got back from Boston yesterday.
I got back from Europe in September.
I got back from Riga yesterday.
I got back from Scotland last night.
I got back from school.
I got back home after two years.
I got back home before 2:30.
I got back home earlier than I thought I would.
I got back home from work.
I got back home just before midnight.
I got back home one day earlier than I expected.
I got back home sooner than I thought I would.
I got back home today.
I got back in my car and drove away.
I got back in my car and drove home.
I got back in my car and left.
I got back in my car and started the engine.
I got back in my car and started the motor.
I got back in my car.
I got back in the car and waited for Tom.
I got back into bed.
I got back into my car.
I got back into the car.
I got back on my motorbike.
I got back on my motorcycle.
I got back on the road.
I got back on the trail.
I got back to Australia last week.
I got back to Australia on Monday.
I got back to Australia yesterday.
I got back to Boston early this morning.
I got back to Boston last night.
I got back to Boston on Monday.
I got back to Boston yesterday.
I got back to dinner.
I got back to my grandparents' house.
I got back to the car.
I got back to the house.
I got bad news from home today.
I got banned from Facebook for thirty days.
I got banned from every school competition.
I got banned from that store.
I got beat by Tom.
I got beat twice.
I got beat up.
I got beat.
I got beaten up by a group of gang members yesterday.
I got beaten up.
I got better after taking that medicine.
I got better already.
I got better.
I got bit by a mosquito.
I got bit by mosquitoes all over this area, and it itches so badly I can't stand it.
I got bit by mosquitoes all over this area, and it itches so badly I can’t stand it.
I got bit.
I got bitten by a dog this morning.
I got bitten by a dog.
I got bitten by a horsefly.
I got bitten by a snake.
I got bitten by mosquitoes.
I got bitten.
I got blamed even though it wasn't my fault.
I got blind drunk last night - so drunk I don't even know how I got home.
I got blind drunk last night - so drunk I don’t even know how I got home.
I got blisters from the burn.
I got bored again.
I got bored and left early.
I got bored and left.
I got bored doing that fairly quickly.
I got bored in Boston.
I got bored quickly.
I got bored waiting for you, so I've been doing some window shopping.
I got bored with his long talk.
I got bored, that's why I wandered around the city.
I got bored.
I got both of these umbrellas for free.
I got bruises on both legs.
I got burned.
I got busy.
I got called out to work.
I got called up to the board.
I got carded.
I got carried away.
I got caught by a game warden for hunting without a license.
I got caught by the border patrol when I tried to go to the USA.
I got caught cheating on a test.
I got caught in a rainstorm.
I got caught in a rip tide.
I got caught in a shower and got soaked.
I got caught in a storm on my way home.
I got caught in a traffic jam and was late for the meeting.
I got caught in a traffic jam on the expressway.
I got caught in the rain and got all wet.
I got caught in the rain when I went to the village.
I got caught in the rain.
I got caught in traffic.
I got caught sniffing my shoe.
I got caught speeding.
I got caught taking a bribe.
I got caught up in the moment.
I got caught.
I got changed.
I got cheated.
I got chills.
I got close.
I got closer to the deer.
I got closer to the tent.
I got closer.
I got cold feet and decided not to do that.
I got cold feet and decided not to go.
I got cold last night.
I got cold, so I put on my coat.
I got cold, so I turned on the heater.
I got cold.
I got comments from thousands of people.
I got confused.
I got control of the works.
I got creditors calling me at 3:00 in the morning, those sons of bitches want to drive me crazy.
I got cut off.
I got cut.
I got dazzled by oncoming traffic.
I got dealt a bad hand.
I got defensive.
I got depressed.
I got detained at the airport.
I got detained.
I got dirty, too.
I got dirty.
I got discouraged.
I got distracted and I lost track of time.
I got distracted and lost all sense of time.
I got distracted and walked in the wrong direction.
I got distracted by thinking about the world's best drummers this morning and forgot to wash my hair. Luckily I was able to wash it at work with hand soap.
I got distracted for a while at the seashore.
I got distracted.
I got divorced.
I got dizzy doing that.
I got dizzy in the shower.
I got dizzy.
I got down and hid in the tall grass.
I got down those stairs.
I got down to work.
I got dressed and went into the kitchen to make breakfast.
I got dressed early, but the workmen have not yet arrived.
I got dressed in a hurry.
I got dressed quickly.
I got dressed.
I got drowsy.
I got drunk last night and did something stupid.
I got drunk last night.
I got drunk on wine.
I got drunk with Tom last night.
I got drunk with Tom.
I got drunk.
I got dumped by my girlfriend last night.
I got dumped, again.
I got dumped.
I got ears too, you know!
I got elected.
I got embarrassed.
I got engaged.
I got even more scared.
I got even with Tom.
I got even with him.
I got everything I asked for.
I got everything I needed.
I got everything I wanted for Christmas.
I got everything I wanted.
I got everything that I asked for.
I got everything that I wanted.
I got everything.
I got evicted.
I got exactly what I asked for.
I got exactly what I wanted.
I got excited, then realized it's just you.
I got excited.
I got exhausted.
I got expelled from school during my senior year.
I got expelled from school.
I got expelled.
I got extraordinary grades.
I got faith in you.
I got fat recently.
I got fat.
I got fed up.
I got fined for doing that.
I got fined for parking in front of a fire hydrant.
I got fined.
I got fired for doing that.
I got fired from my first job.
I got fired from my job this morning. But, when it rains it pours, and upon coming out of the office building I found that someone had stolen my car.
I got fired from my job.
I got fired from my last job.
I got fired from that job.
I got fired from the company, but since I have a little money saved up, for the time being, I won't have trouble with living expenses.
I got fired in October.
I got fired.
I got first place.
I got five hours sleep last night.
I got five years in prison.
I got fleeced.
I got food poisoning and began to hallucinate. Shoot, I almost died.
I got free of it.
I got frightened.
I got furious when Tom said that.
I got furious.
I got further than most.
I got gastroenteritis the other day, so I went to the hospital.
I got gloomy and thought of giving up.
I got good grades and I passed.
I got good grades in French.
I got good grades this term.
I got good grades when I was in college.
I got goosebumps.
I got grounded for 2 weeks.
I got grounded.
I got hacked!
I got half the things you asked me to get.
I got hammered last night.
I got hammered.
I got hard watching those scenes on the screen.
I got hard.
I got heartbroken.
I got heat from some people.
I got held up at school.
I got held up at the office.
I got help.
I got her a Kabyle dress for her wedding.
I got her a doll.
I got her a wrist watch.
I got her an ice cream so that she wouldn't get depressed.
I got her phone number.
I got her some water.
I got her to buy what I needed.
I got her to clean my room.
I got her to clean the living room.
I got her to do it for me.
I got her to do it.
I got her to do that for me.
I got her to help.
I got her to wash dishes.
I got her.
I got here Monday night.
I got here a little after 2:30.
I got here a little before 2:30.
I got here a little earlier than Tom did.
I got here a little earlier than Tom.
I got here a little early today.
I got here a little early.
I got here a long time ago.
I got here about the same time as Tom.
I got here about thirty minutes ago.
I got here as fast as I could.
I got here as quickly as I could.
I got here as soon as I could.
I got here as soon as I heard you needed me.
I got here at 2:30.
I got here at about 2:30.
I got here before Tom did.
I got here before noon.
I got here before you did.
I got here before you.
I got here by bicycle.
I got here by strolling along the canal path.
I got here earlier than Tom did.
I got here earlier than Tom.
I got here early this morning.
I got here early.
I got here first.
I got here just a few minutes ago.
I got here just a few minutes before you did.
I got here just after 2:30.
I got here just before 2:30.
I got here last night.
I got here late.
I got here less than fifteen minutes ago.
I got here on foot.
I got here on time.
I got here only a week ago.
I got here only recently.
I got here thirty minutes ago.
I got here thirty minutes early.
I got here three days ago.
I got here three hours after Tom did.
I got here three hours ago.
I got here three weeks ago.
I got here yesterday evening.
I got here yesterday morning.
I got here yesterday.
I got him some water.
I got him to accept my help.
I got him to buy what I needed.
I got him to carry my luggage.
I got him to clean my room.
I got him to come with me.
I got him to do it.
I got him to do that for me.
I got him to fix my bicycle.
I got him to help me when I moved the furniture.
I got him to help.
I got him to mend my shoes.
I got him to mend my watch.
I got him to paint the fence.
I got him to polish my shoes.
I got him to repair my car.
I got him to stop smoking.
I got him to take my picture.
I got him to wash my car for a hundred dollars.
I got him.
I got hired to record an audiobook.
I got his album yesterday.
I got his autograph!
I got his letter yesterday.
I got his license plate number.
I got hit by a ball.
I got hit by a car.
I got hit by a girl.
I got hit by a truck.
I got hit by lightning.
I got hit on the head.
I got hit on the knee.
I got hit with a football in the gonads.
I got hit.
I got hoarse from all the shouting.
I got hoisted with my own petard.
I got home a couple of hours ago.
I got home a little late last night.
I got home about 2:30.
I got home about midnight.
I got home after midnight.
I got home all by myself.
I got home and took my shoes off.
I got home around 2:30.
I got home at 2:30.
I got home at exactly 2:30.
I got home at seven.
I got home before 2:30.
I got home before midnight.
I got home by myself.
I got home earlier than usual yesterday.
I got home early today.
I got home early.
I got home exhausted today.
I got home fairly late.
I got home first.
I got home from her wedding.
I got home from school today a little later than usual.
I got home from the store.
I got home from work.
I got home just a while ago.
I got home just after midnight.
I got home just before 2:30.
I got home just before Tom did.
I got home just before Tom.
I got home just before the storm hit.
I got home late last night.
I got home late yesterday.
I got home late.
I got home later than usual yesterday.
I got home on Monday.
I got home pretty late last night.
I got home super tired today.
I got home yesterday afternoon at about 2:30.
I got home yesterday.
I got home, took my shoes off and went to bed.
I got home.
I got homesick.
I got honey.
I got hot.
I got hungry and very thirsty.
I got hungry watching a cooking show on TV.
I got hungry while watching him make dinner.
I got hungry.
I got hurt doing that.
I got hurt during an experiment, and the injury was pretty serious.
I got hurt in an accident at work.
I got hurt in the shoulder.
I got hurt on my way home.
I got hurt playing rugby last week.
I got hurt the day before the match.
I got hurt today.
I got hurt when I fell down.
I got hurt when I fell off the ladder.
I got hurt when I slipped and fell.
I got hurt while running.
I got hurt.
I got ill last week.
I got in a car accident.
I got in a fight with Tom last night.
I got in an accident.
I got in line behind Tom.
I got in line.
I got in my car and I drove off.
I got in my car and closed the door.
I got in my car and drove away.
I got in my car and followed the ambulance.
I got in my car and left.
I got in my car and started the motor.
I got in my car and went for a drive because I couldn't sleep.
I got in my car.
I got in the bathtub.
I got in the boat with Tom.
I got in the boat.
I got in the cab.
I got in the car and set it in motion.
I got in the car and started the engine.
I got in the car with Tom.
I got in the car.
I got in the shower and got undressed.
I got in the shower with all my clothes on.
I got in the taxi.
I got in the wrong line.
I got in through the bathroom window.
I got in touch because I heard that you were unwell.
I got in touch with Tom.
I got in touch with her to inform her about what had happened.
I got in touch with him.
I got in trouble a lot in high school.
I got in trouble a lot when I was a child.
I got in trouble a lot when I was a kid.
I got in trouble because of Tom.
I got in trouble for that.
I got in trouble with the police last night.
I got in trouble with the teacher.
I got in without being seen.
I got in without paying.
I got in.
I got incredibly bored.
I got injured doing that.
I got injured in Australia.
I got injured in Boston.
I got injured in a traffic accident.
I got injured in an accident at work.
I got injured in the car accident, but it was not anything.
I got injured in the traffic accident.
I got injured playing rugby last week.
I got injured.
I got inked.
I got inside Rima's house.
I got insulted.
I got interested in tennis.
I got interested in this story.
I got interviewed.
I got into Harvard.
I got into Tom's car.
I got into a fight at school yesterday.
I got into a fight with Tom.
I got into a fight with another student and the principal expelled us both.
I got into a fight.
I got into a fistfight.
I got into a fit of giggles.
I got into a lot of trouble when I was in high school.
I got into a taxi outside Shinjuku Station.
I got into a taxi.
I got into a traffic jam on the expressway.
I got into an argument with Tom today.
I got into an argument with Tom.
I got into another fight today.
I got into another mess.
I got into astronomy because of my partner.
I got into bed and immediately fell asleep.
I got into bed and turned off the light.
I got into bed.
I got into biology because of my partner.
I got into debt again.
I got into debt.
I got into my car and drove away without saying goodbye.
I got into my car and drove back to my house.
I got into my car and started the engine.
I got into my car.
I got into my dream school, but I can't afford to go there.
I got into my new house.
I got into my truck to leave.
I got into my van.
I got into that state of mind when a man listens and listens and begins to long for the sight of a policeman.
I got into the boat.
I got into the cab.
I got into the car.
I got into the elevator and pushed the button for the third floor.
I got into the elevator and went up to the third floor.
I got into the elevator with Tom.
I got into the house through a window that you'd forgotten to lock.
I got into the house through a window.
I got into the house.
I got into town only a week ago.
I got into traffic.
I got into trouble because of Tom.
I got into trouble with the police by driving too fast.
I got into trouble with the police for driving too fast.
I got into trouble.
I got involved in a brawl.
I got involved in other people's quarrel.
I got involved in other people’s quarrel.
I got involved with people I never should have gotten involved with.
I got involved with people I never should've gotten involved with.
I got it all mixed up.
I got it all wrong.
I got it as a gift.
I got it at the hardware store down the street.
I got it down to one today!
I got it for Christmas.
I got it for free.
I got it for half price at a sale.
I got it for my birthday.
I got it for next to nothing.
I got it for nothing.
I got it free.
I got it from Tom two years ago.
I got it from Tom.
I got it from a thrift shop.
I got it from my dad.
I got it from my father.
I got it from someone.
I got it in the mail today.
I got it into my head to go there by myself.
I got it mail order from Boston.
I got it off my chest.
I got it practically for free.
I got it right by accident.
I got it right.
I got it started for you.
I got it straight from the horse's mouth.
I got it through my head that my parent's strict rules were for my own benefit.
I got it through my head that my parent’s strict rules were for my own benefit.
I got it to work using my VPN.
I got it under control.
I got it wrong, didn't I?
I got it wrong.
I got it!
I got it! The answer is 24, right?
I got it, OK?
I got it, so no bullshit, okay?
I got it.
I got jealous when I saw Tom hugging Mary.
I got jealous.
I got kicked by a mule.
I got kicked off the team.
I got kicked out of school three months ago.
I got kicked out of school.
I got kicked out of the bar.
I got kicked out of the store.
I got kidnapped, too.
I got kind of lucky.
I got kind of scared.
I got kneed playing soccer.
I got knocked down.
I got laid off yesterday.
I got laid off.
I got laughed at at school today.
I got leave to go home.
I got left behind.
I got leg cramps.
I got less than Tom did.
I got less than Tom.
I got less than last time.
I got letters from a person I've never met.
I got lonely.
I got lost and had a hard time finding my way back to the hotel.
I got lost and needed to ask for directions.
I got lost and, worse, it started to rain.
I got lost because I didn't have a map.
I got lost coming here.
I got lost driving back from town.
I got lost in Australia last year.
I got lost in Australia.
I got lost in Boston.
I got lost in the cave.
I got lost in the forest.
I got lost in the maze.
I got lost in the snow.
I got lost in the valley of memories.
I got lost in the woods.
I got lost on my way here.
I got lost on my way home.
I got lost on my way to Tom's house.
I got lost three times.
I got lost trying to find the library.
I got lost when I visited you for the first time.
I got lost, and to make it even worse, it then began to rain.
I got lost, and to make matter worse, it began to rain.
I got lost, and to make matters worse, it began to rain.
I got lost.
I got lucky.
I got lunch ready.
I got mad and called Tom names.
I got mad at Tom because he was late.
I got mad at Tom because he was making a lot of noise.
I got mad at Tom for not listening to me.
I got mad at Tom when I found out what he did.
I got mad at Tom.
I got mad.
I got married 8 years ago.
I got married again.
I got married and had children.
I got married at 30 and, at the same time, I started getting infertility treatment.
I got married at 30 and, at the same time, I started getting treatment for infertility.
I got married eight years ago.
I got married five years ago on this very day.
I got married in Australia.
I got married in Boston.
I got married in the village.
I got married last month.
I got married last week.
I got married last year. My wife's name is Mary.
I got married on June first.
I got married on October 20th.
I got married on October 21, 2012.
I got married ten years ago.
I got married three months ago.
I got married three weeks ago.
I got married three years ago.
I got married to Tom last month.
I got married to a Canadian.
I got married to the man I love.
I got married too young.
I got married very young.
I got married when I was 19 years of age.
I got married when I was 19 years old.
I got married when I was nineteen.
I got married when I was thirty.
I got married when I was young.
I got married yesterday.
I got married young.
I got married.
I got mighty hungry.
I got mine; fuck you.
I got miserable grades in junior high school.
I got money from my father today if you happen to need any.
I got more and more bored as the speech went on.
I got more shampoo.
I got more than I bargained for.
I got more than I expected.
I got more than Tom did.
I got more than last time.
I got most of the things I asked for.
I got much benefit from that book.
I got mugged on my way home last night.
I got mugged the night before last.
I got mugged, too.
I got mugged.
I got my baccalaureate on the first try!
I got my bicycle repaired yesterday.
I got my bicycle repaired.
I got my car fixed.
I got my car stuck in the snow yesterday.
I got my clothes dirty while I was eating an ice cream.
I got my decayed tooth pulled out.
I got my dog mated.
I got my driver's license on the second time I tried to pass the driver's test.
I got my driver's license recently.
I got my driver's license three months ago.
I got my driver's license today.
I got my driver’s license on the second time I tried to pass the driver’s test.
I got my driving licence the second time I tried to pass the driving test.
I got my ears pierced when I was a teenager.
I got my ears pierced.
I got my eyes tested.
I got my finger stuck in the door.
I got my first car when I was still in high school.
I got my first chance to do that yesterday afternoon.
I got my first computer from my father.
I got my first computer when I was thirteen.
I got my first dose of the vaccine.
I got my first job when I was thirteen.
I got my foot caught in a train door.
I got my friends to help me.
I got my girlfriend's name tattooed on my arm.
I got my hair cut last month, but it's already long again.
I got my hair cut three days ago.
I got my hair cut today.
I got my hair cut yesterday, but this time I like how they left it.
I got my hair cut yesterday.
I got my hair cut.
I got my hair done yesterday.
I got my hair done.
I got my hair dyed black.
I got my hands quite dirty.
I got my hearing tested.
I got my house painted.
I got my left arm bruised.
I got my left arm hurt in the accident.
I got my leg hurt in the accident.
I got my licence this summer.
I got my license revoked.
I got my license this summer.
I got my license.
I got my long hair cut.
I got my master's degree three years ago.
I got my meter repaired.
I got my money back.
I got my money's worth.
I got my monthly salary today.
I got my mother's goat when I gave her the salt instead of the sugar.
I got my mother’s goat when I gave her the salt instead of the sugar.
I got my nose broken in a fight when I was a teenager.
I got my notebook and pen ready.
I got my notebook stolen.
I got my old job back.
I got my pay yesterday.
I got my paycheck yesterday.
I got my phone out of my purse and called Tom.
I got my pilot's license in 2013.
I got my pronouns shaved into my undercut and dyed my hair blue.
I got my right leg hurt in the accident.
I got my right leg injured.
I got my room cleaned by my son.
I got my script refilled.
I got my second wind for studying after walking to the general store for coffee and a roast beef sandwich.
I got my shoes wet.
I got my sister to make the dress.
I got my six-pack by working out in the gym.
I got my son to cook supper.
I got my son to fix the door.
I got my son to post the letters.
I got my son to repair the door.
I got my teacher fired.
I got my teeth whitened.
I got my wallet stolen by the man sitting next to me.
I got my wallet stolen in the train yesterday.
I got my watch repaired.
I got my way.
I got my wish and way more.
I got my wish.
I got myself a drink.
I got myself a job proof-reading.
I got myself a job proofreading.
I got myself a new tattoo last week.
I got myself an insurance policy.
I got myself another beer.
I got myself dressed as quickly as I could.
I got myself in.
I got myself into a mess!
I got myself into a mess.
I got myself something to eat.
I got myself tattooed.
I got nauseous.
I got nervous on stage.
I got nervous on the stage.
I got nervous when I saw a police car following me.
I got nervous.
I got next to nothing.
I got no answer.
I got no cash at the moment.
I got no reply.
I got no response from anyone.
I got noisy.
I got nothing to ask.
I got nothing to say.
I got nothing.
I got nowhere with the work.
I got off at nine.
I got off at the bus stop and turned right.
I got off at the bus stop and went to the right.
I got off at the park.
I got off at the third stop.
I got off at the wrong bus stop.
I got off at the wrong station.
I got off at the wrong stop.
I got off lightly.
I got off my bicycle and sat down on a bench.
I got off my horse.
I got off of my motorcycle and took off my helmet.
I got off the bus and waited for Tom to come and pick me up.
I got off the bus at the end of the line.
I got off the bus at the wrong stop.
I got off the bus first.
I got off the bus in the centre of the town.
I got off the bus.
I got off the elevator and walked down the hall to my office.
I got off the elevator and went to Tom's office.
I got off the elevator on the third floor.
I got off the elevator on the wrong floor.
I got off the elevator.
I got off the horse.
I got off the plane.
I got off the road.
I got off the slide.
I got off the train at the wrong station.
I got off the train.
I got off to a bad start.
I got off with a fine.
I got off with a slap on the wrist.
I got off with a warning.
I got old now, I cannot run.
I got older, and so I started looking at things differently.
I got older.
I got on a bicycle and chased after the thief.
I got on a bus bound for Boston.
I got on a bus for Boston.
I got on my bicycle and left.
I got on my bicycle and rode away.
I got on my bicycle and rode home.
I got on my bicycle.
I got on my horse and rode away.
I got on my horse.
I got on the 2:30 train.
I got on the airplane.
I got on the bus and the driver closed the door.
I got on the bus and took a look around.
I got on the bus.
I got on the crowded elevator.
I got on the elevator and pressed the button for my floor.
I got on the elevator and pressed the button for the third floor.
I got on the elevator and pushed the button for the third floor.
I got on the elevator.
I got on the horse.
I got on the motorcycle with Tom.
I got on the plane.
I got on the train for London.
I got on the train.
I got on the wrong bus by mistake.
I got on the wrong bus.
I got on the wrong line.
I got on the wrong train.
I got onboard the bus.
I got one back.
I got one for Christmas.
I got one for us.
I got one for you, too.
I got one from Tom, too, but not for free.
I got one!
I got one.
I got only a C on the spelling test today because I forgot to study for it.
I got only one wrong answer on the test.
I got out from behind my desk and went over to open a window.
I got out in front of the theater and waited while Tom went to park the car.
I got out my key and opened the door.
I got out my knife and peeled the apple.
I got out my knife.
I got out my pen.
I got out of Rima's house.
I got out of Tom's way.
I got out of bed and got dressed.
I got out of bed and had a good stretch.
I got out of bed and put my clothes on.
I got out of bed and quickly put on my clothes.
I got out of bed and turned on the light.
I got out of bed quickly.
I got out of bed reluctantly. The room was ice-cold.
I got out of bed this morning earlier than usual.
I got out of bed this morning later than usual.
I got out of bed to begin my day.
I got out of bed with great effort.
I got out of bed, walked over to the window and looked out at the sunrise.
I got out of bed.
I got out of cleaning the bathroom.
I got out of jail in October.
I got out of jail on Monday.
I got out of jail on October 20th.
I got out of jail yesterday.
I got out of my car and closed the door.
I got out of my car and locked it.
I got out of my car and locked the doors.
I got out of my car and opened the gate.
I got out of my car and unlocked the gate.
I got out of my car.
I got out of my van.
I got out of that house.
I got out of the bath and dried off.
I got out of the bath and put my clothes back on.
I got out of the bath.
I got out of the bathtub and dried myself off.
I got out of the bathtub.
I got out of the cab.
I got out of the car and ran into the hospital.
I got out of the car and walked to her door.
I got out of the car at 40th Street.
I got out of the car to open the gate.
I got out of the car.
I got out of the fight without a scratch.
I got out of the hole.
I got out of the hospital three days ago.
I got out of the hospital yesterday.
I got out of the house.
I got out of the pool and dried myself off.
I got out of the pool and dried myself with a towel.
I got out of the pool.
I got out of the shower and dried myself off.
I got out of the shower, dried myself off, and then put on clean clothes.
I got out of the swimming pool.
I got out of the taxi.
I got out of the taxicab.
I got out of the tent.
I got out of the truck.
I got out of the van.
I got out of the water and dried myself off.
I got out of the water.
I got out of the way just in time.
I got out of the way.
I got out of the woods.
I got out of there as fast as I could.
I got out of there as fast as I was able to.
I got out of town.
I got out right after having finished my streak, because I was too complacent. I let my team down.
I got out.
I got outside.
I got over it pretty quickly.
I got over it. You should, too.
I got over my cold quickly.
I got over that a while ago.
I got over that last year.
I got over that.
I got over the difficulty with my characteristic tenacity.
I got overheated playing baseball.
I got paid a few dollars for doing that.
I got paid a lot less for the job than I expected.
I got paid a lot to do that.
I got paid for what I did.
I got paid less than I expected.
I got paid less than I thought I would.
I got paid more than I expected.
I got paid much less than I expected.
I got paid to clean Tom's garage.
I got paid to paint Tom's picture.
I got paid to show Tom around town.
I got paid today.
I got paid under the table.
I got paid yesterday.
I got paid.
I got paint on my clothes when I was painting the ceiling.
I got paint on my shirt.
I got panicky.
I got permission to go home early.
I got permission to leave early.
I got permission to translate her sentences.
I got pickpocketed on the train.
I got pissed.
I got played.
I got plenty of good ideas.
I got plenty of help.
I got poisoned from the chicken I ate yesterday.
I got poked in the eye.
I got pregnant accidentally.
I got pregnant by Sami but I don't want to be his incubator.
I got pregnant from the Finnish harpist that I told you about last night.
I got pregnant.
I got pretty banged up.
I got pretty hungry.
I got pretty scared.
I got promoted last week.
I got promoted recently.
I got promoted.
I got proof.
I got pulled over by the police because they thought the car I was driving was stolen.
I got pulled over by the police for speeding.
I got pulled over by the police.
I got pulled over for a speeding ticket.
I got pulled over for changing lanes without signaling.
I got punched in the face.
I got punched in the ribs and it hurt pretty badly.
I got punished for doing that.
I got quite a few positive responses.
I got quite a scare when they said you were in the hospital.
I got ready for lunch.
I got ready to leave.
I got ready to sleep.
I got ready to spend Saturday night at a nightclub with friends.
I got real sick.
I got really angry.
I got really busy.
I got really freaked out by that.
I got really hungry.
I got really into Berber-language movies.
I got really into it, and I just can't forget the exhilaration of becoming one with the audience.
I got really into it, and I just can’t forget the exhilaration of becoming one with the audience.
I got really mad at her.
I got really mad.
I got really scared.
I got really sick of it.
I got really sick.
I got really tired doing that.
I got really tired of doing that.
I got rejected.
I got remarried.
I got rich quickly.
I got rich selling used cars.
I got rich.
I got rid of Tom.
I got rid of a few things today.
I got rid of a lot of junk that I had in the garage.
I got rid of a lot of my old books.
I got rid of all my old textbooks.
I got rid of all the books.
I got rid of it.
I got rid of my jewels.
I got rid of my old bicycle.
I got rid of my old fridge.
I got rid of one.
I got rid of them.
I got right to work after lunch.
I got ripped off again.
I got ripped off.
I got robbed by three guys in Boston.
I got robbed.
I got roped into working in this project.
I got run over by a bus yesterday, so I ran over the bus driver today.
I got safely back to camp.
I got sand in more orifices than I knew I had.
I got sand in my eye.
I got sand in my eyes.
I got scammed.
I got scared and became confused.
I got scared and killed them.
I got scared just like everybody else.
I got scared long before entering the plane.
I got scared on the plane.
I got scared.
I got schnockered with Tom.
I got scolded by the teacher.
I got scolded severely by that teacher.
I got sent to the principal’s office today.
I got separated from the rest of my family.
I got seriously hurt in a traffic accident.
I got set up on a blind date.
I got seven years in jail.
I got several bites, but could not hook a fish.
I got several bites, but couldn't hook a fish.
I got several nice presents for my birthday.
I got sexually assaulted by my sixth grade teacher.
I got shampoo in my eyes and it hurts.
I got shampoo in my eyes.
I got shanghaied by those bastards!
I got sheep.
I got shot at a few times.
I got shot at.
I got shot in the leg.
I got shot three times.
I got shot.
I got shudders all of a sudden. It can't be good.
I got sick a lot when I was a kid.
I got sick and couldn't go.
I got sick and had to go home.
I got sick from drinking too much.
I got sick last week.
I got sick last weekend.
I got sick last year.
I got sick of the constant noise of the street traffic.
I got sick of you.
I got sick on Halloween.
I got sick riding the roller coaster with the loop-the-loop.
I got sick when I grew up.
I got sick, and so couldn't come to school.
I got sick, and so couldn’t come to school.
I got sick.
I got sidetracked.
I got slapped on both cheeks.
I got sleepy.
I got smarter.
I got snockered with Tom.
I got snowed in.
I got so absorbed in my Sudoku that I didn't notice the kettle whistling.
I got so angry with Tom.
I got so mad I wasn't able to speak.
I got so much candy.
I got so much to say.
I got so scared that I wet my pants.
I got so tired of pedalling.
I got so used to it.
I got so wasted last night.
I got soaked boating down river.
I got soaked boating downriver.
I got soaked by the rain on the way home.
I got soaked to the skin.
I got soaked with rain on the way home.
I got soaked.
I got soaking wet.
I got soap in my eyes.
I got socks as a gift.
I got socks for a present.
I got some bandages from Tom.
I got some food at the market.
I got some food.
I got some fresh fish from the supermarket.
I got some glass rods and processed them into bottles.
I got some good second-hand books today.
I got some great pictures.
I got some help from a friend.
I got some money for my birthday.
I got some money from a cash machine.
I got some money from an ATM.
I got some money from my father.
I got some nasty stares from some teachers but I didn't care.
I got some pie.
I got some rich people to donate.
I got some sand in my eye.
I got some shampoo in my eyes and it burns.
I got some shampoo in my eyes and it stings.
I got some shampoo in my eyes.
I got some shampoo in my eyes. It burns!
I got some solid sleep for the first time in a while.
I got some supplies.
I got some time to waste.
I got some unpleasant news.
I got some water from the well.
I got somebody to help me do that.
I got somebody to help me move the piano.
I got someone to help me do that.
I got someone to help me move the piano.
I got something else on my mind.
I got something for Tom.
I got something for her.
I got something for him.
I got something for them.
I got something for you.
I got something from Tom.
I got something from them.
I got something in my eye.
I got something nice for you.
I got sort of snippy with him.
I got spooked.
I got stabbed in Boston.
I got stabbed three times last year.
I got stabbed two years ago.
I got stabbed.
I got stage fright.
I got stood up.
I got stopped by the police.
I got straight A's in school.
I got straight A's on my report card.
I got straight A's.
I got stranded in the village.
I got stranded on the way.
I got stressed.
I got stronger overnight.
I got stuck in a massive traffic jam in Algiers.
I got stuck in a pothole on my way to work.
I got stuck in a traffic jam and arrived too late.
I got stuck in a traffic jam on the expressway.
I got stuck in a traffic jam.
I got stuck in dicksand.
I got stuck in heavy traffic on the expressway.
I got stuck in the mud.
I got stuck in the snow in my car yesterday.
I got stuck in traffic with Tom.
I got stuck in traffic.
I got stuck playing the tambourine.
I got stuck with the whole bill.
I got stuck.
I got stung by a bee near the pool.
I got stung by a bee.
I got stung by a jellyfish.
I got stung by some nettles.
I got stung by this bee.
I got stung.
I got such a terrible cold because of all the wind that the buildings cause.
I got sucked in on a lot of phony deals.
I got sucked into it.
I got sunburned.
I got sunburnt after riding my motorcycle at midday.
I got sunstroke.
I got surprised.
I got suspended for a month.
I got suspended for doing that.
I got suspended from Twitter for some controversial posts where I basically claimed than men are men and women are women.
I got suspended.
I got suspicious.
I got taken to the cleaners.
I got taken.
I got talked into doing that.
I got talked into helping Tom do that.
I got talked into helping Tom move.
I got teased a lot in high school.
I got teased a lot.
I got teased about my weight when I was growing up.
I got ten dollars from my grandfather.
I got terrible grades this term.
I got tested for AIDS.
I got that dog for Tom.
I got that feeling like my guts were crawling.
I got that for almost nothing.
I got that from Tom.
I got that from a book.
I got that from her.
I got that from him.
I got that from my father.
I got that from my grandmother.
I got that from them.
I got that from you.
I got that news from Hashimoto.
I got that nickname in high school.
I got that one from Tom.
I got that painting at an auction.
I got that problem wrong and the teacher started yelling.
I got that.
I got the 2.30 train.
I got the OK so I unthinkingly created the clichÃ©d ’grass runner thief/bard’ character.
I got the OK so I unthinkingly created the clichéd 'grass runner thief/bard' character.
I got the answer I was hoping for.
I got the answer right.
I got the answer wrong.
I got the autograph of a celebrity.
I got the ax.
I got the best of Tom.
I got the bicycle at a bargain.
I got the bilingual dictionary for an unbelievably cheap price.
I got the book back from Tom.
I got the book back from him.
I got the car fixed.
I got the chance of a lifetime, and I took it.
I got the chance to do that.
I got the children to laugh.
I got the corkscrew out of the drawer and opened the bottle of wine that Tom had brought.
I got the date wrong.
I got the day off.
I got the engine going.
I got the flu.
I got the garden ploughed.
I got the gist of what he was saying.
I got the grammar lesson without difficulty.
I got the hammock at a discount.
I got the hint.
I got the house number wrong.
I got the idea that Tom would come by himself.
I got the idea that he would come by himself.
I got the idea to go travelling overseas.
I got the impression Tom and Mary weren't having any fun.
I got the impression Tom wanted to be alone.
I got the impression Tom wasn't happy with the way things turned out.
I got the impression Tom wasn't having any fun.
I got the impression that Tom wanted to be alone.
I got the impression that Tom wasn't happy with the way things turned out.
I got the impression that he had a lot of money.
I got the impression that you were ill.
I got the impression you didn't believe Tom either.
I got the impression you didn't like me.
I got the information I needed.
I got the information at first hand.
I got the information from him directly.
I got the job I applied for.
I got the job I wanted.
I got the job because I can speak both French and English.
I got the job done.
I got the job that I applied for!
I got the job that I applied for.
I got the job that I interviewed for.
I got the job that I wanted.
I got the job.
I got the key from under the doormat and opened the door.
I got the last piece of pie.
I got the machine running.
I got the medicine for Tom.
I got the message just this morning.
I got the message.
I got the modeling thing going, and then I'm up for a Prada ad next week.
I got the money I needed from my father.
I got the money Tom owed us.
I got the money back from Tom.
I got the money back from him.
I got the money.
I got the need for a car.
I got the news from a reliable source.
I got the password from Tom.
I got the pears for nothing.
I got the piano tuned.
I got the picture framed.
I got the punishment I deserved.
I got the punishment that I deserved.
I got the report you wrote.
I got the rest I needed.
I got the role.
I got the roller skates for nothing.
I got the sack but I've a little saved up, so for the time being I won't be troubled by living expenses.
I got the sack but I’ve a little saved up, so for the time being I won’t be troubled by living expenses.
I got the same advice as you did.
I got the scholarship.
I got the second jab of the vaccine yesterday.
I got the secret out of Mr Yoshida.
I got the shit kicked out of me just for being gay.
I got the short straw.
I got the third degree last night from my parents because I got home two hours late.
I got the ticket for a song.
I got the ticket for free.
I got the ticket for nothing.
I got the ticket free of charge.
I got the tickets for free.
I got the water.
I got the wedding rings in a velvet box.
I got the wrong bus.
I got the young man to carry the baggage for me.
I got them all right.
I got them mixed up.
I got them some water.
I got them to buy what I needed.
I got them to do it.
I got them to do that for me.
I got them to help.
I got them to laugh.
I got there a little too late.
I got there ahead of time.
I got there as fast as I could.
I got there at 2:30.
I got there before Tom did.
I got there before Tom.
I got there early and had the whole swimming pool to myself.
I got there early and was able to get a seat in front.
I got there first.
I got there in a taxi.
I got there in time for the train.
I got there just in the nick of time.
I got there just in time.
I got there thirty minutes early.
I got there too early.
I got there.
I got these a week ago.
I got these directly from Tom himself.
I got these earrings from my grandmother.
I got these files from Tom.
I got these gloves from Tom.
I got these old coins from Tom.
I got these old coins from her.
I got these shoes from a charity shop for a couple of quid.
I got these shoes from a charity shop for £2.
I got these tickets for free.
I got these tickets for nothing.
I got these tickets to the concert for free.
I got thin.
I got thinking about it over the weekend, when I was raking the last of the leaves out from under the bushes.
I got third place out of thirty runners.
I got thirsty and had something to drink.
I got thirsty.
I got thirty dollars a day.
I got this CD player for free.
I got this TV at a bargain price.
I got this as a wedding gift, but I've never used it.
I got this at a thrift shop.
I got this bicycle for free.
I got this bicycle for nothing.
I got this bicycle from Tom.
I got this bike for nothing.
I got this book as a Christmas present.
I got this book for nothing.
I got this book from Tom.
I got this book from her.
I got this book from him.
I got this car for a good price.
I got this car for a very reasonable price.
I got this dress for pretty cheap.
I got this email from Tom.
I got this for Tom.
I got this for a reasonable price.
I got this for a song.
I got this for free.
I got this for nothing.
I got this for peanuts.
I got this for you.
I got this from Tom himself.
I got this from Tom.
I got this from an artist on Etsy.
I got this hat for free.
I got this hat for nothing.
I got this in Boston.
I got this in the bag.
I got this information firsthand.
I got this information second hand, so I may be wrong.
I got this job with my teacher's help.
I got this job with my teacher’s help.
I got this letter from the mailbox this morning.
I got this on good authority.
I got this on sale.
I got this one for $300.
I got this painting at an auction.
I got this recipe from Mary.
I got this recipe from a magazine.
I got this recipe from my grandmother.
I got this scar on my cheek when I was thirteen.
I got this snowball rolling.
I got this spoon from a cereal box as a kid.
I got this tattoo to cover up a scar from a traumatic experience.
I got this terrible feeling in my gut.
I got this typewriter at a bargain price.
I got this used for surprisingly cheap.
I got this vacuum cleaner for nothing.
I got this visa at the American Consulate in Kobe.
I got this weird feeling of deja-vu.
I got this.
I got those pictures you asked me to take.
I got those pictures you wanted.
I got three letters from Tom last week.
I got three presents for my birthday.
I got three presents on my birthday.
I got three questions wrong on today's test.
I got three weeks' detention.
I got three years in prison.
I got through with my dignity intact.
I got through with my work just now.
I got thrown out of the bar.
I got thrown out of the classroom.
I got ticketed for parking in front of a fire hydrant.
I got tickets for the six o'clock show.
I got tickets to the concert tonight.
I got tickets yesterday.
I got tickled the other day.
I got tied up at work.
I got tips.
I got tired and decided to take a nap.
I got tired doing that.
I got tired from all the running around.
I got tired of Tom cramming his opinions down my throat.
I got tired of all that fun.
I got tired of doing that.
I got tired of hearing the same thing so often.
I got tired of laughing.
I got tired of life.
I got tired of listening to Tom complaining.
I got tired of loneliness.
I got tired of looking at that painting.
I got tired of losing.
I got tired of lying in bed all day.
I got tired of reading.
I got tired of waiting and left.
I got tired of waiting and went home.
I got tired of waiting for Tom to do that.
I got tired of waiting for Tom, so I left.
I got tired of waiting for Tom, so I went into the restaurant and ate by myself.
I got tired of waiting for Tom, so I went on home.
I got tired of waiting for Tom.
I got tired of waiting, so I left.
I got tired of waiting, so I went home.
I got tired of waiting.
I got tired of working with Tom, so I quit.
I got tired of yelling at Tom.
I got tired trying to do that.
I got tired very fast.
I got tired with the work.
I got tired.
I got to Australia three days before Tom did.
I got to Australia three days before Tom.
I got to Australia three weeks ago.
I got to Australia yesterday.
I got to Boston before dark.
I got to Boston yesterday afternoon.
I got to Boston yesterday.
I got to Tifra.
I got to admit it was a dumb move.
I got to be pretty good at guitar before I gave it up.
I got to be pretty good at rugby.
I got to drive Tom's new car.
I got to get out of here before I do something I'll regret.
I got to go for a minute.
I got to go to Australia last week.
I got to go to Boston last week.
I got to know Tom in January this year.
I got to know Tom through one of my friends.
I got to know Tom well when we worked together last summer.
I got to know Tom well.
I got to know Tom when I was a college student.
I got to know Tom when I was a university student.
I got to know Tom when I was in Australia.
I got to know Tom when I was in Boston.
I got to know Tom when I was in college.
I got to know Tom when I was living in Boston.
I got to know Tom when we were both living in Boston.
I got to know Tom while I was in Australia last year.
I got to know Tom while I was in Boston last year.
I got to know Tom while I was living in Australia.
I got to know Tom while I was living in Boston.
I got to know Tom's friends.
I got to know Tom, and I came to like him.
I got to know Tom.
I got to know her REAL well.
I got to know her REALLY well.
I got to know her VERY well.
I got to know her at the party.
I got to know her during my studies.
I got to know her in France.
I got to know her name and her address.
I got to know her through one of my friends.
I got to know her when I was at university.
I got to know him when I was a student.
I got to know him.
I got to know my current girlfriend at the gym.
I got to know what I wanted to.
I got to my feet and left the room.
I got to my feet and walked over to the window.
I got to my feet.
I got to my friend's house.
I got to my office on time.
I got to my plane five minutes before takeoff.
I got to ride a horse last summer.
I got to school before anyone else was there.
I got to school earlier than usual this morning.
I got to school just in time.
I got to school on time today.
I got to school on time.
I got to school very late this morning.
I got to sleep a lot quicker than usual yesterday, but I still woke up at about the same time I normally do.
I got to sleep late.
I got to spend some time with Tom's children last weekend.
I got to the airport just in the nick of time.
I got to the airport three hours before my flight was scheduled to leave.
I got to the bank and luckily didn't have to get in line.
I got to the bus stop just after the bus had left.
I got to the bus stop just in time.
I got to the bus stop with only a few minutes to spare.
I got to the campground.
I got to the customer's house.
I got to the hotel after dark.
I got to the hotel around 2:30.
I got to the station at 2:30.
I got to the station before Tom did.
I got to the station five minutes after my train had left.
I got to the station in time to catch my train.
I got to the station just in time for my train.
I got to the station just in time. The bus arrived on time.
I got to the station only to find that the train had just left.
I got to the station this morning.
I got to the station three minutes before Tom's train arrived.
I got to the station too late to catch the last train.
I got to the station too late, so I missed the train I was planning to take.
I got to the station with three minutes to spare.
I got to the train station.
I got to the village yesterday.
I got to try that at some point.
I got to watch my son playing baseball and I was proud of him.
I got to where I am now because of my studies.
I got to where I couldn't do that anymore.
I got to work earlier than usual this morning.
I got to work late because I had to drop my daughter off at the day-care center.
I got to work later than usual this morning.
I got to work on time again today.
I got to work on time today as well.
I got to you as soon as I could.
I got together with her mainly because we seemed to share the same feelings about things.
I got together with some old friends last night.
I got turned away.
I got turned off.
I got two Bs this semester.
I got two beers out of the refrigerator and handed one to Tom.
I got two for the price of one.
I got two hours of detention for a little joke that the teacher didn't appreciate.
I got two pills at the hospital, but I didn't take them.
I got under the sheets smiling and happy.
I got undressed.
I got up 10 minutes ago.
I got up a minute ago.
I got up about five.
I got up about six.
I got up an hour ago and in the meantime I've brushed my teeth, washed and shaved myself and done my morning gymnastics.
I got up an hour ago.
I got up an hour earlier than I usually do.
I got up an hour earlier than usual this morning.
I got up an hour earlier than usual.
I got up an hour early this morning.
I got up an hour early.
I got up an hour later than usual this morning.
I got up and Tom did the same.
I got up and Tom did, too.
I got up and began clearing the table.
I got up and began pacing.
I got up and followed Tom.
I got up and headed toward the door.
I got up and left the room.
I got up and left.
I got up and moved towards the door.
I got up and opened the door.
I got up and scared the cats away.
I got up and started dancing.
I got up and started to walk away.
I got up and walked into the kitchen to get another cup of coffee.
I got up and walked out of the bar.
I got up and walked out of the kitchen.
I got up and walked over to the window.
I got up and walked to the door.
I got up and was excited about something.
I got up and went into the other room.
I got up and went to school.
I got up and went to the refrigerator for another beer.
I got up and went to the window to collect my ideas.
I got up and went to the window.
I got up around five o'clock.
I got up at 2 in the morning.
I got up at 4.00, had something to eat, and then went back to sleep.
I got up at 4:00, ate some food, then went back to sleep.
I got up at 5 a.m.
I got up at 5 in the morning.
I got up at 5.00 am.
I got up at 6 o'clock this morning.
I got up at 6.30.
I got up at 6:30 almost every day.
I got up at 6:30 as usual.
I got up at 6:30.
I got up at 8 o'clock today.
I got up at about five.
I got up at about six.
I got up at dawn and headed to the fields.
I got up at dawn.
I got up at eight o'clock today.
I got up at eight this morning.
I got up at eleven.
I got up at five in the morning.
I got up at five that morning.
I got up at five.
I got up at four this morning to catch the first train.
I got up at four, had something to eat, and then went back to sleep.
I got up at night to pee.
I got up at seven in the morning.
I got up at seven this morning.
I got up at seven.
I got up at six in the morning.
I got up at six o'clock.
I got up at six this morning.
I got up at six, ate breakfast and then went to school.
I got up at six-thirty this morning.
I got up at six.
I got up at sunrise.
I got up at the crack of dawn.
I got up at twelve o'clock on Sunday.
I got up before dawn.
I got up earlier than usual in order to catch the first train.
I got up earlier than usual so that I might catch the first train.
I got up earlier than usual this morning.
I got up earlier than usual to catch the first train.
I got up earlier than usual to get the first train.
I got up earlier than usual, so I could catch the first train.
I got up earlier than usual.
I got up earlier this morning than I usually do.
I got up earlier this morning than usual.
I got up earlier to see you.
I got up early as usual.
I got up early enough to catch the first train.
I got up early in order to attend the meeting.
I got up early in order to catch the first train.
I got up early in the morning.
I got up early so as to be in time for the train.
I got up early so that I might be in time for the first train.
I got up early the next morning to catch the first train.
I got up early this morning and went swimming with Tom.
I got up early this morning to go fishing.
I got up early this morning, so I'm more tired than usual.
I got up early this morning.
I got up early this morning. After brushing my teeth, I left the house and walked to work.
I got up early to be in time for the train.
I got up early to catch the first train.
I got up early to go fishing.
I got up early to play golf.
I got up early today.
I got up early yesterday.
I got up early, so that I could catch the first train.
I got up early.
I got up early. It was still dark outside.
I got up from my seat.
I got up from the chair.
I got up in the morning.
I got up just at 10 today.
I got up late and missed breakfast.
I got up late and missed my bus.
I got up late and missed my lift into town.
I got up late and missed my train.
I got up late and missed the bus.
I got up late and missed the coach.
I got up late and missed the ferry.
I got up late and missed the train.
I got up late this morning.
I got up late today.
I got up late.
I got up later than usual.
I got up on the mule.
I got up on the wrong side of the bed this morning.
I got up on the wrong side of the bed today.
I got up quickly.
I got up really late.
I got up so an old man could sit in my seat.
I got up so early that I caught the train.
I got up sothat an elderly man could take my seat.
I got up thirty minutes ago.
I got up this morning at the same time I usually do.
I got up this morning having not slept a wink all night.
I got up this morning without having slept all night.
I got up to go and look outside.
I got up to greet them.
I got up to leave, but Tom told me to sit back down.
I got up to the porch.
I got up today with a pain in my neck.
I got up too early.
I got up too late and was late for school.
I got up twice in the evening.
I got up very early this morning, but my father got up even earlier.
I got up very early this morning.
I got up very early today.
I got up very early.
I got up very late this morning.
I got up while it was still dark.
I got up, I washed, I drank a cup of coffee and I left.
I got up.
I got upgraded to first class.
I got upset when Tom said that.
I got upset.
I got us a good deal.
I got us two tickets to Tom's concert.
I got used to being alone.
I got used to it quickly.
I got used to it.
I got used to the dark.
I got used to the heat.
I got used to the sun.
I got used to wearing a mask.
I got used to working overtime.
I got used to writing in Berber.
I got vaccinated yesterday.
I got vaccinated.
I got very angry with Tom.
I got very angry.
I got very annoyed at her remarks.
I got very bored.
I got very drunk last night.
I got very drunk.
I got very excited.
I got very hungry.
I got very little sleep.
I got very lucky.
I got very mad.
I got very sick.
I got very sleepy.
I got very thirsty.
I got very tired, but I felt good.
I got violently sick.
I got warm from jogging for an hour.
I got wasted.
I got well soon.
I got wet to the skin.
I got wet.
I got what I asked for.
I got what I came for.
I got what I needed.
I got what I wanted.
I got what she was saying.
I got what you asked for.
I got what you mean.
I got what you needed.
I got what you wanted.
I got what's wrong.
I got where I am by hard work.
I got word that Mary wants to divorce him.
I got work done today, which was nice.
I got worried because I hadn't heard from my mother.
I got worried when Tom didn't answer his phone, so I went to his house to make sure that he was OK.
I got worried when Tom didn't answer his phone.
I got years of experience in courtrooms.
I got you a Kabyle dress.
I got you a gift.
I got you a little present.
I got you a little something.
I got you a milkshake.
I got you a pen as a birthday present.
I got you a present.
I got you a treat.
I got you all right where I want you.
I got you an ice cream.
I got you confused with your oldest brother.
I got you off the street.
I got you one, but I dropped it.
I got you some Stoner Patch Kids at the weed store.
I got you some coffee.
I got you some ice cream.
I got you some water.
I got you something to eat.
I got you something.
I got you these.
I got you this.
I got you!
I got you, rascal!
I got you.
I got your Christmas card.
I got your address from Tom.
I got your address from her.
I got your address from him.
I got your address from them.
I got your back.
I got your fax the other day.
I got your goat.
I got your letter yesterday.
I got your letter.
I got your message.
I got your messages.
I got your name from a friend.
I got your name from my friend.
I got your note.
I got your text.
I got your texts.
I gotta applaud you.
I gotta beep out what I really wanna shout.
I gotta do what I've gotta do.
I gotta figure out what I'm doing wrong.
I gotta force him awake to use his real power.
I gotta get back to Boston.
I gotta go back to Boston.
I gotta go see a proctologist.
I gotta go to the hospital.
I gotta go!
I gotta go.
I gotta have a good meal.
I gotta keep on movin'.
I gotta keep on movin’.
I gotta learn how to write in cursive.
I gotta leave.
I gotta sit. I feel crummy.
I gotta take my shoes off.
I gotta try to do my best.
I grabbed Mary by the elbow.
I grabbed Tom by the elbow.
I grabbed Tom's umbrella by mistake.
I grabbed Tom's wrist.
I grabbed a bite.
I grabbed a book off the shelf.
I grabbed a book.
I grabbed a chair.
I grabbed a golf club, thinking it might make a good weapon.
I grabbed a pillow from the bed and threw it on the floor.
I grabbed as much SIMM as possible in the computer shop the other day. Say what you like, it was more than just enthusiasm.
I grabbed her from behind.
I grabbed her legs.
I grabbed him by the neck and kissed him deep.
I grabbed him by the sleeve.
I grabbed him from behind.
I grabbed his balls and squeezed them hard.
I grabbed my baseball bat, just in case I needed to use it as a weapon.
I grabbed my coat.
I grabbed my guitar and left.
I grabbed my gun and ran outside.
I grabbed my little sister by the hand and started running.
I grabbed my little sister's hand and started running.
I grabbed my little sister's hand, and the two of us started running.
I grabbed my little sister's hand, and the two of us started to run.
I grabbed my phone and ran away.
I grabbed onto the edges of the wall.
I grabbed the cat by its neck.
I grabbed the cat by the neck.
I grabbed the dog by its collar.
I grabbed the microphone and suddenly began singing.
I grabbed the rope and pulled myself up.
I grabbed the rope with both hands.
I grabbed the wrong bag by mistake.
I grabbed this for you.
I grabbed your bag by mistake.
I gradually became aware that my wife had dressed herself and was slipping on her mantle and her bonnet.
I gradually grew accustomed to remote work and now find it pleasant.
I gradually pieced his story together from odd things he said.
I graduated almost two years ago.
I graduated five years ago.
I graduated from Harvard.
I graduated from Kyoto University.
I graduated from an American school in France.
I graduated from college in the same year as your father.
I graduated from college.
I graduated from high school last year.
I graduated from high school remotely.
I graduated from high school when I was seventeen years old.
I graduated from senior high.
I graduated from the Police Academy.
I graduated from the University of Kyoto.
I graduated from the school.
I graduated from university last year.
I graduated high school.
I graduated in 2013.
I graduated last year.
I graduated the same year as Tom did.
I graduated the same year as Tom.
I graduated three years ago.
I graduated two years ago.
I graduated university.
I grafted a wild fruit tree.
I grafted a wild tree.
I grafted all the cherry trees.
I grant them nothing.
I grant there is no strength in old age.
I granted him a wish.
I grasp concepts quickly.
I grasped her face in my hands and kissed her on the lips.
I grasped his small hand firmly.
I grasped the entire structure of his argument.
I grasped the rope so as not to fall.
I grasped the whole meaning of the book by reading.
I grate cheese for tacos.
I grazed my knee.
I greased Tom's palm.
I greatly admire her for her bravery.
I greatly appreciate the invitation, but I won't be able to go.
I greatly appreciate your advice.
I greatly appreciate your efforts during our festival.
I greatly appreciate your kindness.
I greatly enjoy having my sentences translated into Esperanto.
I greatly recommend reading it to anybody thinking of learning a craft.
I greet my teacher on the street.
I greet my visitor.
I greet you as my brother.
I greet you, friends of the sun.
I greet you.
I greeted Betty, but she ignored me.
I greeted Tom casually.
I greeted Tom in French.
I greeted Tom.
I greeted everyone.
I greeted her.
I greeted him.
I greeted my neighbors.
I greeted the ladies.
I greeted the police officer.
I greeted the principal.
I greeted the students with a handshake.
I greeted them.
I grew a beard last summer.
I grew a beard over the summer.
I grew a beard.
I grew a mustache.
I grew desperate.
I grew fond of Hungarian. It is a beautiful language but a little difficult to learn.
I grew my hair for her.
I grew older.
I grew roses.
I grew stronger through the pain, though.
I grew stronger.
I grew these carrots myself.
I grew to want to eat an authentic pretzel!
I grew tomatoes last year and they were very good.
I grew up Catholic.
I grew up Muslim and that's how you need to accept me.
I grew up Muslim in Algeria.
I grew up around here.
I grew up bilingual.
I grew up doing this.
I grew up eating Japanese food.
I grew up eating Mexican food.
I grew up going to this church.
I grew up here in Australia.
I grew up here in Boston.
I grew up here.
I grew up in Algeria.
I grew up in Algiers.
I grew up in Australia, but my wife comes from New Zealand.
I grew up in Australia.
I grew up in Boston and my wife grew up in Chicago.
I grew up in Boston, but I've lived most of my adult life in Chicago.
I grew up in Boston, but my wife comes from Chicago.
I grew up in Boston.
I grew up in France.
I grew up in Kabylie, Algeria, speaking the Berber language.
I grew up in Kabylie, Algeria.
I grew up in Kabylie, in a fairly religious environment.
I grew up in Kabylie.
I grew up in New Jersey.
I grew up in New York till I was 5, and I remember going to see 'Annie' and some musicals as a kid, and I remember my parents being somewhat okay with us watching 'Rocky Horror Picture Show,' which, it boggles my mind that they allowed me to watch it.
I grew up in Rima's house.
I grew up in Shiraz.
I grew up in a Berber speaking home.
I grew up in a Muslim community.
I grew up in a Muslim family.
I grew up in a Muslim home.
I grew up in a backwater.
I grew up in a conservative environment.
I grew up in a foster home.
I grew up in a little town.
I grew up in a mining town.
I grew up in a modest mountain town.
I grew up in a mountainous area.
I grew up in a period when men were men.
I grew up in a poor family.
I grew up in a rancher that had 3 bedrooms but only 1 bathroom.
I grew up in a sexually free environment.
I grew up in a small Kabyle village in Algeria.
I grew up in a small quiet town in Kabylie, Algeria.
I grew up in a small rural town in Algeria.
I grew up in a small town not too far from Boston.
I grew up in a small town where everybody knows each other.
I grew up in a small town where everyone knew everyone.
I grew up in a small town where everyone knows each other.
I grew up in a small town.
I grew up in a small village not too far from here.
I grew up in a tiny house.
I grew up in a trailer park.
I grew up in a very open-minded place.
I grew up in a very small town where everyone knew everyone.
I grew up in a very small town.
I grew up in a very typical Muslim family.
I grew up in a wine region.
I grew up in all over Algeria.
I grew up in foster homes.
I grew up in misery.
I grew up in northern Algeria.
I grew up in poverty, I've been through a lot.
I grew up in poverty.
I grew up in that area.
I grew up in that house.
I grew up in that neighborhood.
I grew up in the centre of town, slap bang in the middle.
I grew up in the country.
I grew up in the countryside, so I can tell the difference between barley, wheat and rye.
I grew up in the countryside.
I grew up in the mountains.
I grew up in the part of Hungary known as the Stormy Corner.
I grew up in the same neighborhood Tom did.
I grew up in the same neighborhood he did.
I grew up in the south.
I grew up in the village.
I grew up in the woods.
I grew up in this area.
I grew up in this city.
I grew up in this house.
I grew up in this neighborhood.
I grew up in this neighbourhood.
I grew up in this small town.
I grew up intuitively with Zen Buddhism because my nickname was Nonong, like Zero-Zero. As a child, I did not know about Zen, but I came to know it intuitively.
I grew up just outside Boston.
I grew up looking at that particular sign.
I grew up near Boston.
I grew up near a river.
I grew up near here.
I grew up near the ocean.
I grew up not too far from here.
I grew up on a farm and living in the city never made me stop loving the countryside.
I grew up on a farm in Australia.
I grew up on a farm not too far from Boston.
I grew up on a farm.
I grew up on a ranch.
I grew up on a small farm just outside of Boston.
I grew up on the same block as Tom.
I grew up on the south side of Boston.
I grew up on the south side of Chicago.
I grew up on these TV shows.
I grew up on watching PokÃ©mon.
I grew up on watching Pokémon.
I grew up reading Superman comics.
I grew up singing with my three sisters.
I grew up speaking Berber.
I grew up speaking French at home.
I grew up speaking French to my mother and English to my father.
I grew up speaking French.
I grew up speaking Kabyle, a Berber dialect.
I grew up speaking Swedish and English, learned German and Spanish at school, Portuguese and Romanian through two marriages, and some Russian, French, and Mandarin for fun.
I grew up speaking two languages.
I grew up surrounded by elderly people.
I grew up thinking it's not okay to talk about your feelings, like it's a sign of weakness. If you get sad, people will just tell you to man up.
I grew up watching Disney cartoons.
I grew up watching Pokemon.
I grew up watching football.
I grew up with Tom.
I grew up with dogs and I still love them, but nowadays I'm a cat person.
I grew up with her.
I grew up with him.
I grew up with horses.
I grew up with my Algerian grandma.
I grew up with the internet of the 90s and early 2000s. It was chaotic, irregular, flashy, gaudy, peppered with animated GIFs, but most websites were made by people like you and me who wanted to share their interests and hobbies.
I grew up with them.
I grew up with these TV shows.
I grew up with those guys.
I grew up with values that no longer exist today.
I grew up without a father.
I grew up without a mother's love.
I grew up without a mother.
I grew up, but I have not stopped fearing the dark.
I grew up.
I grew very weak.
I grieve with you for your loss and suffering; and humbly and respectfully ask for your forgiveness.
I grieve with you.
I grilled a hotdog for lunch.
I grilled one.
I grimaced in disapproval.
I grimaced.
I grind my coffee by hand with a coffee grinder with a crank handle.
I grind my own coffee beans every morning.
I grinned.
I gripped him by the arms. “Holmes!” I cried. “Is it really you? Can it indeed be that you are alive? Is it possible that you succeeded in climbing out of that awful abyss?”
I gripped your arm until it reddened.
I gritted my teeth.
I groaned in pain as I covered my head with a pillow.
I groaned.
I groped around in the dark for keys.
I groped around in the dark for my flashlight.
I groped for a flashlight.
I ground my teeth.
I grow carrots in my garden.
I grow many kinds of roses.
I grow old always learning many things.
I grow orchids in my greenhouse.
I grow rice.
I grow rosemary in my vegetable garden.
I grow rosemary in my vegetable patch.
I grow spinach, broccoli, and eggplant in my raised garden bed.
I grow tomatoes and onions in my garden.
I grow tomatoes in plastic houses.
I grow tomatoes.
I grow.
I growled him.
I grunted.
I guarantee I'll get you a job.
I guarantee a huge audience for tonight's premiere.
I guarantee a huge audience for tonight’s premiere.
I guarantee it.
I guarantee that isn't going to happen.
I guarantee that that won't happen.
I guarantee that this information is correct.
I guarantee that won't happen.
I guarantee that you won't be disappointed.
I guarantee that's not going to happen.
I guarantee the success of the show.
I guarantee this watch to keep perfect time.
I guarantee you that that's not going to happen.
I guarantee you that won't happen.
I guarantee you won't be disappointed.
I guarantee you won't regret it.
I guarded her.
I guess "bilimbi" is what people in Mayotte call the fruit, our Filipino "kamias." Mayotte is islands off the East African coast, near Madagascar, which was settled by Malayo-Polynesians from Island South-East Asia.
I guess I agree with Tom.
I guess I agree with that.
I guess I agree.
I guess I always knew there was a chance Tom wouldn't come.
I guess I always knew there was a chance that Tom wouldn't come.
I guess I believe Tom.
I guess I came too soon.
I guess I can afford that.
I guess I can trust you.
I guess I can understand that.
I guess I can wait that long.
I guess I can't argue with that.
I guess I can't blame you after last night.
I guess I can't blame you.
I guess I can't stop you.
I guess I could ask Tom to help.
I guess I could be pretty pissed off about what happened to me.
I guess I could call Tom and ask him to come over and help.
I guess I could get a job there.
I guess I could give it a shot.
I guess I could give it a try.
I guess I could go easy on Tom.
I guess I could go easy on her.
I guess I could go easy on him.
I guess I could go easy on them.
I guess I could have made the time.
I guess I could have waited longer.
I guess I could try doing that.
I guess I could try to do that.
I guess I could try.
I guess I could use a shower.
I guess I could use some advice.
I guess I could use that.
I guess I could use the company.
I guess I could wait a little bit longer.
I guess I could've made the time.
I guess I could've waited longer.
I guess I deserved that.
I guess I didn't really think about it.
I guess I didn't want to disappoint you.
I guess I don't agree with you.
I guess I don't care much.
I guess I don't have a choice.
I guess I don't need these anymore.
I guess I don't really feel like travelling.
I guess I don't rule it out.
I guess I don't understand what you're trying to say.
I guess I fell asleep.
I guess I fell through the cracks.
I guess I felt like eating something different.
I guess I got here too soon.
I guess I got my wish.
I guess I had better decide before I book the accommodation and flights.
I guess I have no choice but to fight.
I guess I have no choice but to work out now.
I guess I have no choice.
I guess I have nothing to lose.
I guess I have nothing to worry about then.
I guess I have some tranquilizers in my bag.
I guess I have to do physical exercises more often.
I guess I have to do that.
I guess I have to trust you.
I guess I haven't made myself clear.
I guess I haven’t made myself clear.
I guess I just don't get it.
I guess I just don't see the point.
I guess I just don't understand.
I guess I just got carried away.
I guess I just got lucky this time.
I guess I just like making people happy.
I guess I just needed some rest.
I guess I just needed someone to talk to.
I guess I just realized how stupid I would look if I did that.
I guess I just wasn't thinking.
I guess I lost track of the time.
I guess I miss you too.
I guess I misunderstood.
I guess I need a little sleep.
I guess I need to start studying harder.
I guess I need to study harder.
I guess I needed someone to blame.
I guess I never noticed it before.
I guess I never realized how much I rely on Tom.
I guess I ought to give this to Tom.
I guess I overreacted and responded to what you said tit for tat.
I guess I owe you an apology.
I guess I should be going.
I guess I should get back to work.
I guess I should get home to my wife.
I guess I should get home to the missus.
I guess I should get home to the wife.
I guess I should have asked you out to dinner.
I guess I should have done more.
I guess I should have done that yesterday.
I guess I should have done this earlier.
I guess I should have expected Tom to do that.
I guess I should have expected Tom to leave early.
I guess I should have expected something like this might happen.
I guess I should have helped Tom.
I guess I should have known Tom wasn't going to help.
I guess I should have known.
I guess I should have read it more carefully.
I guess I should have seen this coming.
I guess I should have stayed home.
I guess I should have studied harder.
I guess I should have told Tom I was coming.
I guess I should have warned you about Tom.
I guess I should introduce myself.
I guess I should say thanks.
I guess I should thank you.
I guess I should've asked you out to dinner.
I guess I should've done more.
I guess I should've done that yesterday.
I guess I should've done that.
I guess I should've done this earlier.
I guess I should've expected Tom to do that.
I guess I should've expected Tom to leave early.
I guess I should've expected something like this might happen.
I guess I should've expected this.
I guess I should've helped Tom.
I guess I should've known Tom and Mary weren't going to help.
I guess I should've known Tom wasn't going to help.
I guess I should've known better.
I guess I should've known that.
I guess I should've known.
I guess I should've read it more carefully.
I guess I should've seen this coming.
I guess I should've stayed home.
I guess I should've studied harder.
I guess I should've told Tom I was coming.
I guess I should've warned you about Tom.
I guess I shouldn't be surprised.
I guess I shouldn't be too surprised.
I guess I shouldn't complain.
I guess I shouldn't have done that.
I guess I spoke too soon.
I guess I waited too long.
I guess I was a little too hard on you.
I guess I was afraid I was losing Tom.
I guess I was afraid that I was losing Tom.
I guess I was expecting a little more.
I guess I was kind of nervous.
I guess I was kind of shocked.
I guess I was kind of surprised.
I guess I was lucky.
I guess I was mistaken.
I guess I was right.
I guess I was stupid to expect you to do anything.
I guess I was stupid to expect you to get here on time.
I guess I was too busy to notice that Tom and Mary were having problems.
I guess I was too busy to notice that Tom was having problems.
I guess I was wrong.
I guess I will be able to do it.
I guess I won't be seeing Tom again.
I guess I won't be seeing Tom anymore.
I guess I won't be seeing you again.
I guess I'd better be going.
I guess I'd better call Tom.
I guess I'd better change into something warmer.
I guess I'd better do it.
I guess I'd better do this.
I guess I'd better explain.
I guess I'd better get back home.
I guess I'd better get back to work.
I guess I'd better get going!
I guess I'd better get going.
I guess I'd better get started.
I guess I'd better go in.
I guess I'd better go now.
I guess I'd better go, too.
I guess I'd better go.
I guess I'd better hurry.
I guess I'd better leave Tom alone.
I guess I'd better leave you two alone.
I guess I'd better leave.
I guess I'd better phone Tom.
I guess I'd better shut up.
I guess I'd better sit down.
I guess I'd better start packing.
I guess I'd better stay where I am.
I guess I'd better tell Tom.
I guess I'd rather do that.
I guess I'd rather go to Australia than New Zealand.
I guess I'd rather go to Boston than Chicago.
I guess I'd rather handle it myself.
I guess I'll be able to do it.
I guess I'll be going now.
I guess I'll be going.
I guess I'll be living with you a year from now.
I guess I'll catch Tom later then.
I guess I'll do what Tom asked me to do.
I guess I'll find out next week.
I guess I'll find out soon enough.
I guess I'll find out.
I guess I'll follow Mary's example and go to sleep.
I guess I'll go to bed.
I guess I'll go with the shabu-shabu.
I guess I'll have to do that.
I guess I'll have to explain it from the beginning.
I guess I'll have to leave now.
I guess I'll have to stay home.
I guess I'll have to take the blame for what happened.
I guess I'll have to take your word for it.
I guess I'll have to think it over.
I guess I'll have to try harder.
I guess I'll have to wait a little longer.
I guess I'll hit the sack.
I guess I'll just do some homework by my lonely self or something...
I guess I'll just go over to Tom's.
I guess I'll lift up my bootstraps and fly away.
I guess I'll live.
I guess I'll never know.
I guess I'll never see her again.
I guess I'll see you around, Tom.
I guess I'll see you at dinner.
I guess I'll see you later.
I guess I'll see you next month.
I guess I'll stay a while.
I guess I'll stay home and eat giant plates of pasta.
I guess I'll take a taxi.
I guess I'll try doing that.
I guess I'll wait till Tom and Mary get here.
I guess I'll wait till Tom gets here.
I guess I'm OK now.
I guess I'm OK with that.
I guess I'm a country boy at heart.
I guess I'm a little antsy.
I guess I'm a little curious.
I guess I'm a little drunk.
I guess I'm a little late.
I guess I'm a little nervous.
I guess I'm a little scared.
I guess I'm a little tired.
I guess I'm always hoping that you'll end this reign.
I guess I'm better off here.
I guess I'm easily amused.
I guess I'm feeling a little tired.
I guess I'm getting used to it.
I guess I'm going to have to learn French.
I guess I'm in big trouble.
I guess I'm just a little sleepy.
I guess I'm just romantic.
I guess I'm just tired.
I guess I'm just too stupid to understand what you're trying to say.
I guess I'm just unmotivated.
I guess I'm lucky I wasn't hurt.
I guess I'm lucky to be alive.
I guess I'm lucky.
I guess I'm never going to be able to do that as well as you.
I guess I'm never going to be able to do that.
I guess I'm never going to get married.
I guess I'm not all that busy.
I guess I'm not all that hungry.
I guess I'm not as smart as you.
I guess I'm not going anywhere any time soon.
I guess I'm not really sure.
I guess I'm not that busy.
I guess I'm not that hungry.
I guess I'm not the first to tell you that.
I guess I'm on my own.
I guess I'm pretty hungry.
I guess I'm really in trouble now.
I guess I'm spoiled.
I guess I'm the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
I guess I'm the only one who wants to do that.
I guess I'm too old for you.
I guess I'm wasting my time trying to convince Tom to help us.
I guess I'm well adjusted.
I guess I'm wrong.
I guess I've already proven I'm not too smart.
I guess I've been better.
I guess I've been lucky.
I guess I've been too busy.
I guess I've come at a bad time.
I guess I've gotten lazy.
I guess I've just been lucky.
I guess I've lived too long.
I guess I've reached the age where I have to dispense advice to my underlings.
I guess Ichiko is a fellow rule-breaker, she's sending me a smile filled with affection for a comrade.
I guess Ichiko is a fellow rule-breaker, she’s sending me a smile filled with affection for a comrade.
I guess I’ll be living with you a year from now.
I guess I’ll have to leave now.
I guess I’ll have to think it over.
I guess I’m always hoping that you’ll end this reign.
I guess I’m never going to get married.
I guess I’m not as smart as you.
I guess I’m spoiled.
I guess I’ve reached the age where I have to dispense advice to my underlings.
I guess Mary changed her mind.
I guess Mom's native language was Esperanto.
I guess Tom agrees.
I guess Tom already knows.
I guess Tom and I are both going to die.
I guess Tom and I are even now.
I guess Tom and I are getting old.
I guess Tom and I aren't invited.
I guess Tom and I aren't on the same wavelength.
I guess Tom and Mary are on vacation.
I guess Tom and Mary are running late.
I guess Tom and Mary aren't at home.
I guess Tom and Mary aren't home.
I guess Tom and Mary changed their minds.
I guess Tom and Mary don't know.
I guess Tom and Mary have been here all day.
I guess Tom and Mary have done that already.
I guess Tom and Mary just don't want to leave.
I guess Tom and Mary were in Boston.
I guess Tom and Mary were just trying to be nice.
I guess Tom and Mary were pretty good friends.
I guess Tom and Mary were right.
I guess Tom approves.
I guess Tom asked the wrong questions.
I guess Tom bought it.
I guess Tom came into some money.
I guess Tom can wait.
I guess Tom changed his mind.
I guess Tom changed that.
I guess Tom didn't find it.
I guess Tom didn't get around to painting the barn last summer.
I guess Tom didn't know I was coming.
I guess Tom didn't like it.
I guess Tom didn't see me.
I guess Tom didn't want to bother you.
I guess Tom didn't want you to know the truth.
I guess Tom doesn't know how to swim.
I guess Tom doesn't know.
I guess Tom figured it out.
I guess Tom figured that out.
I guess Tom forgot about this.
I guess Tom forgot to mention that.
I guess Tom forgot to tell you.
I guess Tom found it.
I guess Tom got here first.
I guess Tom got it wrong again.
I guess Tom got our message.
I guess Tom got tired of waiting.
I guess Tom got what he needed.
I guess Tom had his moments.
I guess Tom had the same idea.
I guess Tom has been here all day.
I guess Tom has done that already.
I guess Tom has made some new friends.
I guess Tom has retired, after all.
I guess Tom is OK.
I guess Tom is a bit unhappy.
I guess Tom is a genius.
I guess Tom is a little unhappy.
I guess Tom is better.
I guess Tom is in Boston by now.
I guess Tom is looking after Mary.
I guess Tom is looking for Mary.
I guess Tom is on vacation.
I guess Tom is rich.
I guess Tom is right.
I guess Tom is running late.
I guess Tom is sick.
I guess Tom is tired.
I guess Tom isn't at home.
I guess Tom isn't doing too well.
I guess Tom isn't home.
I guess Tom isn't so smart.
I guess Tom just doesn't want to leave.
I guess Tom just went crazy.
I guess Tom kind of likes you.
I guess Tom likes his privacy.
I guess Tom made a mistake.
I guess Tom missed me.
I guess Tom must've hired Mary.
I guess Tom needs this more than we do.
I guess Tom never knew what Mary was doing.
I guess Tom paid Mary off.
I guess Tom really had to go.
I guess Tom really is desperate.
I guess Tom really is going to do that.
I guess Tom really loves me.
I guess Tom should've locked his doors.
I guess Tom speaks French.
I guess Tom thought he could fly.
I guess Tom thought it was too late to come visit.
I guess Tom thought that it was too late to come visit.
I guess Tom told you.
I guess Tom took my advice.
I guess Tom trusted you.
I guess Tom wanted this.
I guess Tom wants us to stay.
I guess Tom was drunk.
I guess Tom was hungry.
I guess Tom was in Australia.
I guess Tom was in Boston.
I guess Tom was just trying to be nice.
I guess Tom was pretty angry.
I guess Tom was pretty happy.
I guess Tom was pretty mad.
I guess Tom was pretty sleepy.
I guess Tom was pretty tired.
I guess Tom was pretty upset.
I guess Tom was right about you.
I guess Tom was right.
I guess Tom wasn't really Mary's boyfriend.
I guess Tom went home.
I guess Tom will be OK.
I guess Tom will be all right.
I guess Tom will be here in about an hour.
I guess Tom will get to meet Mary.
I guess Tom will have to do that for us.
I guess Tom will have to do that.
I guess Tom will never get over that.
I guess Tom won't come today.
I guess Tom won, after all.
I guess Tom won.
I guess Tom's not particular.
I guess Yanni was right.
I guess Ziri is flattered.
I guess Ziri is right.
I guess a kiss is out of the question.
I guess after so many beers Tom and Mary are probably very drunk.
I guess after so many beers Tom is probably very drunk.
I guess after that many beers Tom and Mary are probably very drunk.
I guess after that many beers Tom is probably very drunk.
I guess all I need is a little rest.
I guess all we can do is hug each other.
I guess all we can do is wait.
I guess all we can do now is wait.
I guess animals are a lot like people.
I guess anything's possible.
I guess asking Tom to help is out of the question.
I guess both of us are a little sleepy.
I guess both of us don't really speak French all that well.
I guess both of us know that we shouldn't be doing this.
I guess both of us know we shouldn't be doing this.
I guess both of us want to leave.
I guess both of us were lying.
I guess both of us wish we were somewhere else.
I guess boys will be boys.
I guess doing that is out of the question.
I guess even Tom can't help you.
I guess everybody forgot about me.
I guess everybody in town knows that by now.
I guess everybody knows that.
I guess everybody thinks I'm in love with Mary.
I guess everybody thinks that I'm in love with Mary.
I guess everybody thinks that's how it happened.
I guess everyone just assumed you wouldn't be here.
I guess everyone knows the phrases.
I guess everyone makes mistakes.
I guess everyone needs a hobby.
I guess everyone thinks I'm in love with Mary.
I guess everyone thinks that I'm in love with Mary.
I guess everyone was lying.
I guess everyone's talking about me now.
I guess everything is fine now.
I guess everything's back to normal.
I guess fire should do the trick!
I guess ghosts really do exist.
I guess having zero shame is the price of genius.
I guess he doesn't want to show you his newspaper.
I guess he has some work to take care of.
I guess he is a bit unhappy.
I guess he really loves me.
I guess he's still alive.
I guess if Tom can do that, I can, too.
I guess it can't be helped.
I guess it could be interesting.
I guess it could be worse.
I guess it could mean anything.
I guess it could've been worse.
I guess it depends on the weather.
I guess it doesn't make any difference which swimming club I join.
I guess it doesn't matter anymore.
I guess it doesn't matter to you if I take one.
I guess it doesn't matter.
I guess it doesn’t make any difference which swimming club I join.
I guess it doesn’t matter anymore.
I guess it happened like they said it did.
I guess it happened the way Tom said it did.
I guess it makes sense now.
I guess it makes sense.
I guess it might be possible.
I guess it must be our lucky day.
I guess it must be pretty boring to be up there.
I guess it must be that.
I guess it really depends on how far you want to go.
I guess it really was a coincidence.
I guess it really worked for you.
I guess it runs in the family.
I guess it should be all right.
I guess it shouldn't really matter.
I guess it slipped my mind.
I guess it sounds a bit silly.
I guess it was a false alarm.
I guess it was a good party.
I guess it was a joke.
I guess it was just a lucky guess.
I guess it was just a matter of time.
I guess it was just wishful thinking.
I guess it was kind of obvious.
I guess it was luck.
I guess it was meant to be.
I guess it was my lucky day.
I guess it was our bad luck.
I guess it was the right moment.
I guess it was too much to hope for.
I guess it went viral.
I guess it will be a long time before I can return to Japan.
I guess it will happen earlier.
I guess it won't matter.
I guess it'll change.
I guess it'll have to do.
I guess it'll have to wait.
I guess it'll take about three months to finish this.
I guess it's OK.
I guess it's a little weird.
I guess it's a secret.
I guess it's a trap.
I guess it's all about priorities.
I guess it's all over.
I guess it's best I try to do this.
I guess it's decided.
I guess it's different.
I guess it's gonna work for you.
I guess it's impossible for me to learn how to play the oboe.
I guess it's like that everywhere.
I guess it's my fault.
I guess it's not that easy.
I guess it's not true.
I guess it's only a joke.
I guess it's only fair.
I guess it's only natural.
I guess it's possible.
I guess it's pretty cool.
I guess it's pretty weird.
I guess it's the only way to bear one of her concerts.
I guess it's the only way to bear one of his concerts.
I guess it's time for me to go.
I guess it's time to go.
I guess it's time to leave.
I guess it's time to stop this.
I guess it's time.
I guess it's too late now.
I guess it's too late to do that now.
I guess it's too late to say no.
I guess it's true.
I guess it's up to the customer, but Tabasco sauce really completes the dish.
I guess it's what I have to do.
I guess it's what we need to do.
I guess it’s impossible for me to learn how to play the oboe.
I guess last night was full of action.
I guess malt vinegar is more common than white vinegar on fries.
I guess maybe Tom did tell somebody.
I guess most of them went home.
I guess my biggest concern is the price.
I guess my job is pretty undramatic.
I guess my luck just ran out.
I guess my mind just wandered.
I guess my mind wandered.
I guess my only question for you is why.
I guess my prayers have been answered.
I guess my view on friendship is pretty bleak because I've never really had to rely on anyone for anything.
I guess my view on friendship is pretty bleak because I’ve never really had to rely on anyone for anything.
I guess my wife was right.
I guess my wife's pregnant.
I guess my work here is done.
I guess my work is done here.
I guess neither of us can do that.
I guess neither one of us can do that.
I guess no one told Tom.
I guess no one wants to.
I guess nobody buys these anymore.
I guess none of that matters anymore.
I guess none of this matters anymore.
I guess not all my ideas are golden.
I guess not.
I guess now is the right time.
I guess now is the time.
I guess now you know how Tom must have felt.
I guess now you know how Tom must've felt.
I guess now you know why.
I guess once is enough.
I guess our job is not to let that happen.
I guess our teacher is over fifty years old.
I guess our work here is done.
I guess right nine times out of ten.
I guess she doesn't remember me.
I guess she knows about it.
I guess she really loves me.
I guess she won't come today.
I guess she's into bondage and domination.
I guess she's not alone.
I guess she’s into bondage and domination.
I guess since I'm grounded, I'll just have to do it online then.
I guess so.
I guess some people never change.
I guess some things aren't going to change.
I guess some things never change.
I guess somebody didn't want you to do that again.
I guess somebody has to do that.
I guess somebody needed to do it.
I guess someone must like Tom.
I guess someone was wrong.
I guess something has to change.
I guess something is better than nothing, right?
I guess something was wrong.
I guess sooner is better for you.
I guess that I can trust you.
I guess that I can understand that.
I guess that I could try.
I guess that I could've waited longer.
I guess that I don't rule it out.
I guess that I have nothing to lose.
I guess that I have to do that.
I guess that I have to trust you.
I guess that I should get back to work.
I guess that I should introduce myself.
I guess that I should say thanks.
I guess that I shouldn't be surprised.
I guess that I spoke too soon.
I guess that I was kind of shocked.
I guess that I was kind of surprised.
I guess that I was wrong.
I guess that I won't be seeing Tom anymore.
I guess that I'll have to do that.
I guess that I'll have to stay home.
I guess that I'll see you at dinner.
I guess that I'll see you next month.
I guess that I'm going to have to learn French.
I guess that I'm just tired.
I guess that I'm the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
I guess that I'm the only one who wants to do that.
I guess that I've already proven I'm not too smart.
I guess that I've lived too long.
I guess that Jabba the Hutt in the Star Wars franchise alludes to the fat Maitreya Buddha.
I guess that Netanyahu doesn't need nice and ordinary people like you to defend his war crimes.
I guess that Tom and I are both going to die.
I guess that Tom and I are even now.
I guess that Tom and I aren't invited.
I guess that Tom and I aren't on the same wavelength.
I guess that Tom and Mary have done that already.
I guess that Tom has done that already.
I guess that Tom really had to go.
I guess that Tom thought it was too late to come visit.
I guess that Tom thought that it was too late to come visit.
I guess that Tom understands.
I guess that Tom was in Australia.
I guess that Tom was right.
I guess that Tom will never get over that.
I guess that a few non-standard logograms might not yet be in Unicode, which is like a museum.
I guess that about wraps it up.
I guess that about wraps things up.
I guess that all we can do is wait.
I guess that all we can do now is wait.
I guess that answers my question.
I guess that can be arranged.
I guess that can wait.
I guess that doesn't concern me.
I guess that doesn't make sense.
I guess that goes without saying, doesn't it?
I guess that isn't really important.
I guess that isn't true.
I guess that it might be possible.
I guess that it must be our lucky day.
I guess that it really depends on how far you want to go.
I guess that it was the right moment.
I guess that it'll have to wait.
I guess that it's all about priorities.
I guess that it's like that everywhere.
I guess that it's too late to do that now.
I guess that limits our options.
I guess that makes sense.
I guess that makes two of us.
I guess that means no.
I guess that means we're winning.
I guess that means yes.
I guess that must taste pretty good.
I guess that new era of international cooperation didn't quite work out.
I guess that she is 40.
I guess that she is over thirty.
I guess that since Tom is sick, he won't go swimming with us.
I guess that some things never change.
I guess that that isn't really important.
I guess that that makes two of us.
I guess that that'll be up to you.
I guess that that's good for you.
I guess that that's not really important.
I guess that that's true.
I guess that that's what Tom is looking for.
I guess that that's what we all want to do.
I guess that the beautiful girl will say goodbye to the shy young man.
I guess that there are fundamentalists and radicals even in the relatively peaceful domain of language...
I guess that this is a step in the right direction.
I guess that tomorrow I'll be completely bald.
I guess that tomorrow I’ll be completely bald.
I guess that was Tom.
I guess that was a joke.
I guess that was a lie.
I guess that was a mistake.
I guess that was just what I needed.
I guess that was wrong.
I guess that wasn't enough.
I guess that we can be friends.
I guess that we could do that.
I guess that we could go on foot.
I guess that we shouldn't be surprised that that happened.
I guess that we won't be seeing Tom anytime soon.
I guess that we'd better get started.
I guess that we'll have to do that.
I guess that we'll see you guys later.
I guess that we're out of luck.
I guess that when Americans look at the Web, they see a lot of things are metric.
I guess that will have to do.
I guess that won't be a problem.
I guess that works.
I guess that would be all right.
I guess that wouldn't mean much to you.
I guess that you can't do it.
I guess that you can’t do it.
I guess that you didn't miss much.
I guess that you heard about what happened this morning.
I guess that you know how Tom found me.
I guess that you know me pretty well.
I guess that you like cats, don't you?
I guess that you like cats, right?
I guess that you were wrong.
I guess that you've got me there.
I guess that'd be OK.
I guess that'll be OK.
I guess that'll be up to you.
I guess that'll do.
I guess that'll never change.
I guess that's OK.
I guess that's a good point.
I guess that's a good sign.
I guess that's a good thing.
I guess that's a problem.
I guess that's a yes.
I guess that's about it.
I guess that's all I need to know.
I guess that's all I need.
I guess that's final.
I guess that's good for you.
I guess that's good.
I guess that's how I'd do it.
I guess that's how I'd do that.
I guess that's how Tom found me.
I guess that's impossible.
I guess that's it for now.
I guess that's just the way it goes.
I guess that's just the way it is.
I guess that's just the way the cookie crumbles.
I guess that's more than I should hope for.
I guess that's normal.
I guess that's not really important.
I guess that's not such a big secret.
I guess that's not true.
I guess that's not what Tom wanted.
I guess that's one way of looking at it.
I guess that's one way to do it.
I guess that's one way to do that.
I guess that's possible.
I guess that's right.
I guess that's something we could do.
I guess that's the smart thing to do.
I guess that's the solution.
I guess that's the way I'd do that.
I guess that's true.
I guess that's what I have to do.
I guess that's what I need to do.
I guess that's what I ought to do.
I guess that's what I should do.
I guess that's what I'll do.
I guess that's what Tom and Mary want.
I guess that's what Tom is looking for.
I guess that's what Tom wants.
I guess that's what happened.
I guess that's what we all want to do.
I guess that's what we have to do.
I guess that's what we need to do.
I guess that's what's going to happen.
I guess that's what's important.
I guess that's why I didn't ask Tom.
I guess that's why I love you.
I guess that's why Tom and Mary were so late.
I guess that's why Tom did that.
I guess that's why Tom never got married.
I guess that's why Tom was so late.
I guess that’s just the way the cookie crumbles.
I guess the answer is yes.
I guess the battery is flat.
I guess the battery must be dead.
I guess the dog bites.
I guess the laundry isn't getting done tonight.
I guess the party's over.
I guess the party's over. There's nothing left to drink.
I guess the question is whether you'll be here or not.
I guess the rumors are true.
I guess the teacher noticed by gasp.
I guess the time of reckoning has arrived at last.
I guess the weather will be hot today.
I guess theoretically it's possible.
I guess there are more easygoing people in the countryside compared to the city after all.
I guess there are some controversial sentences you do like.
I guess there was some talk of that.
I guess there were almost twenty kinds of cheeses on the table.
I guess there's no harm in telling you.
I guess there's no turning back now.
I guess there's nothing else we can do.
I guess there's only one thing to do.
I guess there's something wrong with Tom.
I guess these kinds of things sometimes happen.
I guess they have not mentioned this part.
I guess they really weren't all that busy.
I guess they really weren't all that happy.
I guess they really weren't all that hungry.
I guess they really weren't busy.
I guess they really weren't happy.
I guess they really weren't hungry.
I guess they really weren't so busy.
I guess they really weren't so happy.
I guess they really weren't so hungry.
I guess they speak French.
I guess things like this happen all the time in Australia.
I guess things like this happen all the time in Boston.
I guess things sometimes happen that way.
I guess thirty dollars is enough.
I guess this desk will serve the purpose until we can get a new one.
I guess this drink is yours.
I guess this has happened a few times.
I guess this has something to do with what happened here last week.
I guess this is a coincidence.
I guess this is a step in the right direction.
I guess this is goodbye.
I guess this is how things are going to be from now on, so we'd better get used to it.
I guess this is karma.
I guess this is my home now.
I guess this is my lucky day.
I guess this is over.
I guess this is pretty accurate.
I guess this is the state of political discourse in this country nowadays.
I guess this is the wrong time.
I guess this is yours.
I guess this makes me a great teacher.
I guess this makes us even.
I guess this means goodbye.
I guess this still belongs to you.
I guess this was bound to happen.
I guess this was inevitable.
I guess this wasn't easy for you.
I guess time heals all wounds.
I guess times are changing.
I guess too much is better than too little.
I guess we agree almost perfectly.
I guess we all do that sometimes.
I guess we all have our problems.
I guess we are meant to be best friends.
I guess we can be friends.
I guess we can manage that.
I guess we can't say no.
I guess we could do that.
I guess we could forgive Sami.
I guess we could forgive Tom.
I guess we could go on foot.
I guess we could just agree to disagree.
I guess we could try doing that.
I guess we could try singing that song.
I guess we could.
I guess we don't have any choice.
I guess we found it.
I guess we have no choice.
I guess we just have to trust each other.
I guess we may never really know.
I guess we should do what Tom asked us to do.
I guess we should forgive Tom.
I guess we should go get something to eat.
I guess we should go now.
I guess we should go over the details at some point.
I guess we should have done that yesterday.
I guess we should have told Tom about that.
I guess we should have told Tom what to do.
I guess we should leave now.
I guess we should leave.
I guess we should talk about it.
I guess we should've done that yesterday.
I guess we should've told Tom about that.
I guess we should've told Tom what to do.
I guess we shouldn't be doing this.
I guess we shouldn't be surprised that happened.
I guess we shouldn't be surprised that that happened.
I guess we shouldn't be surprised.
I guess we shouldn't have done that yesterday.
I guess we shouldn't have told Tom that.
I guess we went too far this time.
I guess we were happy back then.
I guess we were happy.
I guess we won't be seeing Tom anytime soon.
I guess we wouldn't have been able to carry out the plan if it weren't for your help.
I guess we wouldn’t have been able to carry out the plan if it weren’t for your help.
I guess we'd better get going.
I guess we'd better get started.
I guess we'll be friends.
I guess we'll find out soon enough.
I guess we'll have to do that.
I guess we'll have to find another singer.
I guess we'll have to use some elbow grease.
I guess we'll just have to sit tight until help comes.
I guess we'll just have to wait and see.
I guess we'll never figure it out.
I guess we'll never know now.
I guess we'll never know what happened here.
I guess we'll never know why Tom did that.
I guess we'll never know why.
I guess we'll never know, won't we?
I guess we'll never know.
I guess we'll see you guys later.
I guess we're both going to die.
I guess we're even now.
I guess we're finished.
I guess we're getting old.
I guess we're going to need a doctor.
I guess we're not invited.
I guess we're not on the same wavelength.
I guess we're out of luck.
I guess we're taking a break.
I guess we've both been through a lot.
I guess we've got a problem.
I guess what I've said isn't all that clear, but that's the only way I can explain it.
I guess what we did wasn't enough.
I guess you already knew that.
I guess you already know my brother Mennad.
I guess you already know my dad.
I guess you already know my daughter Baya.
I guess you already know my father.
I guess you already know my husband Mennad.
I guess you already know my mom.
I guess you already know my mother.
I guess you already know my sister Baya.
I guess you are right.
I guess you can have it.
I guess you can't do it.
I guess you can't do that either.
I guess you can't do that.
I guess you can't help me with that.
I guess you cannot do it.
I guess you could help me.
I guess you could say that.
I guess you didn't get my message.
I guess you didn't hear me.
I guess you didn't know.
I guess you didn't miss much.
I guess you didn't quite understand me.
I guess you didn't realize that.
I guess you didn't talk to Tom.
I guess you didn't talk to her.
I guess you didn't talk to him.
I guess you didn't talk to them.
I guess you didn't understand me.
I guess you don't have to worry about that anymore.
I guess you don't like him.
I guess you don't need my help anymore.
I guess you don't need my help.
I guess you don't need new tires yet.
I guess you don't read much.
I guess you don't really care.
I guess you don't recognize me.
I guess you don't remember me.
I guess you don't remember what happened.
I guess you get used to it eventually.
I guess you get used to it.
I guess you got me.
I guess you had a great time at his expense.
I guess you have changed a lot. I imagine what kind of beautiful young lady you've become...
I guess you have changed a lot. I imagine what kind of beautiful young lady you’ve become...
I guess you have your reasons for being angry.
I guess you haven't met yet.
I guess you hear that a lot.
I guess you heard about Tom.
I guess you heard about what happened this morning.
I guess you know Berber, right?
I guess you know I can't do that.
I guess you know I'm not going to do that.
I guess you know I'm not planning to do that.
I guess you know I'm scared of you.
I guess you know I've missed you.
I guess you know about Tom.
I guess you know how Tom found me.
I guess you know me pretty well.
I guess you know that I'm not planning to do that.
I guess you know that I'm scared of you.
I guess you know that I've missed you.
I guess you know what to do.
I guess you know who I am talking about.
I guess you know why I'm here.
I guess you miss Tom.
I guess you must be a good cook.
I guess you must be very hungry.
I guess you never learned how to do this.
I guess you should stay home from school tomorrow.
I guess you talked to Tom.
I guess you talked to her.
I guess you talked to him.
I guess you talked to them.
I guess you think I should've done that.
I guess you think you're pretty special, don't you?
I guess you two haven't met yet.
I guess you want me to leave.
I guess you want to know where I've been.
I guess you want to see the bill.
I guess you were right.
I guess you were wrong.
I guess you weren't there.
I guess you will always be a jerk.
I guess you will be very busy tonight.
I guess you won't be eating with us.
I guess you'd better call a lawyer.
I guess you'd like to know how it all happened.
I guess you'll be very busy tonight.
I guess you'll need some help.
I guess you're about to find out.
I guess you're bending to the pressure from them.
I guess you're better than Tom.
I guess you're coming with us.
I guess you're fooling yourself with your own abilities.
I guess you're going to do that no matter what we say.
I guess you're hungry.
I guess you're mad at me.
I guess you're right about that.
I guess you're right, Jane.
I guess you're right.
I guess you're still pretty mad at me, aren't you?
I guess you're the new guy.
I guess you've been to Australia before.
I guess you've been to Boston before.
I guess you've caught me.
I guess you've found someone else to do that.
I guess you've got a lot of questions.
I guess you've got me there.
I guess you've got yourself a problem.
I guess you've got yourselves a problem.
I guess you've heard of me.
I guess you've heard that a lot.
I guess your words before you pronounce them.
I guess you’ll need some help.
I guess you’re right, Jane.
I guess, one excludes the other.
I guess.
I guessed as much.
I guessed at her age.
I guessed her to be 40 years old.
I guessed her to be 40.
I guessed right in nine cases out of ten.
I guessed right nine times out of ten.
I guessed right.
I guessed that he was an ex-serviceman.
I guessed that.
I guessed the answer.
I guessed wrong.
I guessed you would come.
I guessed.
I guesstimate it'll take at least a week.
I guffaw until I can laugh no more!
I guide others to recognize the truth.
I guide.
I guided my son to the shop.
I guided the donkey to the field.
I guided.
I gulped it down.
I gutted the fish.
I gutted the gazelle.
I habitually use smokeless tobacco as substitute for cigarettes because of health reasons.
I hacked Rima's computer.
I hacked the Dutch government, and all I got was this lousy T-shirt.
I had Berber class with him.
I had Berber classes in elementary school.
I had Mr Jones correct my composition.
I had Mr. Jones correct my composition.
I had Sarah blocked on everything.
I had Tom and Mary do that for me.
I had Tom and Mary do that for you.
I had Tom and Mary do that.
I had Tom call Mary.
I had Tom clean the room.
I had Tom come over.
I had Tom cook for me.
I had Tom correct my composition.
I had Tom correct my essay.
I had Tom correct my report.
I had Tom create a website for me.
I had Tom do it for me.
I had Tom do it instead.
I had Tom do it.
I had Tom do that for me.
I had Tom do that for you.
I had Tom do that instead.
I had Tom do that.
I had Tom drive Mary to school.
I had Tom drive me to work.
I had Tom fix the door.
I had Tom in the palm of my hand.
I had Tom make the call to Mary.
I had Tom make the call.
I had Tom over for dinner.
I had Tom paint the fence.
I had Tom pick this up.
I had Tom repair my car.
I had Tom sit in the back.
I had Tom take my picture.
I had Tom write the letter for me.
I had V.D.
I had a 106-degree temperature.
I had a BB gun when I was a kid.
I had a Berber grammar class.
I had a C-section.
I had a Caesarian section six months ago.
I had a Canadian boyfriend once.
I had a Canadian cellmate.
I had a Canadian coach.
I had a Canadian girlfriend when I was in college.
I had a Canadian governess.
I had a Canadian nanny.
I had a DL relationship with my teacher.
I had a Happy Meal.
I had a Nissan before this one.
I had a Segway accident last week.
I had a baby girl the year after I got married.
I had a back operation.
I had a backache when I woke up this morning.
I had a backup plan, but it didn't help.
I had a bad French teacher.
I had a bad accident.
I had a bad audition.
I had a bad childhood.
I had a bad cold and was in bed for a week.
I had a bad cold for a week.
I had a bad cold last month.
I had a bad cold, and to make matters worse, it began snowing.
I had a bad cold.
I had a bad connection there.
I had a bad cough, so I took the bitter medicine.
I had a bad date.
I had a bad day at the office.
I had a bad day at work.
I had a bad day today.
I had a bad day yesterday.
I had a bad day, too.
I had a bad day.
I had a bad dream about that.
I had a bad dream last night.
I had a bad dream, too.
I had a bad dream.
I had a bad experience doing that.
I had a bad experience here.
I had a bad experience there.
I had a bad fall.
I had a bad feeling about it, it was creepy. A bit scary, too.
I had a bad feeling about this.
I had a bad feeling, so I tried to flee.
I had a bad feeling.
I had a bad fever.
I had a bad headache last night.
I had a bad headache yesterday. That was why I was absent.
I had a bad headache, so I went to bed early.
I had a bad headache. That's why I went to bed early.
I had a bad headache. That’s why I went to bed early.
I had a bad instructor.
I had a bad journey.
I had a bad lawyer.
I had a bad lunch.
I had a bad marriage.
I had a bad migraine.
I had a bad moment.
I had a bad morning.
I had a bad night.
I had a bad nightmare.
I had a bad reaction to that medicine.
I had a bad shock.
I had a bad stomach-ache.
I had a bad stomachache.
I had a bad summer.
I had a bad teacher.
I had a bad temper back in those days.
I had a bad temper back then.
I had a bad temper then.
I had a bad time there.
I had a bad tire.
I had a bad toothache yesterday.
I had a bad trip.
I had a bag with me.
I had a bagel for breakfast.
I had a bagel.
I had a ball today.
I had a ball.
I had a band in Boston.
I had a band once.
I had a baseball bat, but I gave it away.
I had a baseball card collection when I was younger.
I had a baseball, but I lost it.
I had a bath after I ate dinner.
I had a bath.
I had a beard the last time you saw me.
I had a beard when I was in college.
I had a beautiful day.
I had a beautiful dream last night.
I had a beer first.
I had a beer whereas Tom had a glass of red wine.
I had a beer with Tom.
I had a beer with my meal.
I had a beer.
I had a bespoke suit made.
I had a bet with Tom.
I had a bet with someone.
I had a better idea.
I had a better offer.
I had a better one.
I had a better plan.
I had a better year than you did.
I had a big argument with Tom.
I had a big breakfast.
I had a big day yesterday.
I had a big dinner, too.
I had a big dinner.
I had a big fight with Tom.
I had a big finish planned.
I had a big lunch today.
I had a big lunch.
I had a big meal.
I had a big night.
I had a big problem.
I had a big surgery.
I had a big surprise today.
I had a big thing for Sean Connery.
I had a big year.
I had a bike accident.
I had a birthday party last year, but not this year.
I had a birthmark removed.
I had a bit of a disagreement with Tom.
I had a bit of a dustup with my roommate.
I had a bit of help.
I had a bit of luck.
I had a bit of trouble.
I had a bit to drink.
I had a bit too much to drink.
I had a bit too much.
I had a bite at around 3 o'clock.
I had a bite at around 3 o’clock.
I had a bite at around three o'clock.
I had a bite to eat.
I had a black wig on.
I had a blackout.
I had a bladder infection last month.
I had a blanket.
I had a blast at the party last night.
I had a blast doing it.
I had a blast doing that.
I had a blast in Australia.
I had a blast there.
I had a blast today.
I had a blast tonight.
I had a blast watching it.
I had a blast watching you.
I had a blast.
I had a blind date the day before yesterday.
I had a blindfold on.
I had a bloody nose and got blood on my shirt.
I had a bone marrow transplant.
I had a bowl of noodles at a street nearby.
I had a bowl of noodles.
I had a bowl of soup.
I had a boyfriend in Boston.
I had a boyfriend in college.
I had a boyfriend named Tom.
I had a boyfriend once.
I had a boyfriend then.
I had a boyfriend who spoke French.
I had a brain tumor.
I had a break down.
I had a break.
I had a breakdown.
I had a brief relationship with her.
I had a brilliant idea.
I had a buffet lunch at an Indian restaurant called "La Tandoor." It was only $6.95 and it included spicy chicken curry and all sorts of curry. The dessert was rice pudding with pistachios. It was a heavy meal, but it was fabulous. A good thing that I notice of Indian restaurants is that the decor and the ambiance are very comfortable, almost like a bedroom. It makes me want to take a nap after the hearty meal. Today is the 3rd of November of 2001.
I had a bunch of drinks.
I had a burger for lunch.
I had a burning desire to do that.
I had a burrito for lunch.
I had a busy afternoon.
I had a busy day myself.
I had a busy day today.
I had a busy morning.
I had a busy week.
I had a call from James out of the blue.
I had a call from Tom for the first time in a long time.
I had a call from her for the first time in a long time.
I had a cat named Cookie.
I had a cat.
I had a cerebral contusion.
I had a cesarean.
I had a chance to do that when I was in Australia.
I had a chance to do that when I was in Boston.
I had a chance to do that yesterday, but I decided not to.
I had a chance to do that yesterday.
I had a chance to do that.
I had a chance to meet him in Paris.
I had a chance to see him.
I had a chance to travel abroad.
I had a change of heart.
I had a chat with Tom about that.
I had a chat with Tom.
I had a chat with a young Canadian named Tom who gave me the idea for a new project.
I had a chat with her.
I had a chat with him.
I had a chat with them.
I had a checklist I used.
I had a checkup last week.
I had a checkup the week before last.
I had a checkup yesterday.
I had a checkup.
I had a cheerful morning because I could hear the songs of birds.
I had a cheeseburger for lunch.
I had a child, but he died.
I had a chocolate sundae.
I had a choice.
I had a class with Mrs. Tortello.
I had a classmate from Kyiv growing up.
I had a close call when my car derailed.
I had a close shave.
I had a coat on because it was cold this morning.
I had a coffee cake; that was about it.
I had a coffee.
I had a cold last month.
I had a cold last week.
I had a cold shower. My head's a bit clearer now.
I had a cold sweat.
I had a cold that day.
I had a cold three weeks ago.
I had a cold, so I stayed in bed.
I had a colonoscopy and upper abdominal endoscopy.
I had a colonoscopy.
I had a commitment.
I had a company in Boston.
I had a complicated week.
I had a computer on my lap.
I had a concussion.
I had a consultation with a lawyer about my will.
I had a contrary opinion to the plan.
I had a conversation with Tom.
I had a conversation with her.
I had a conversation with him.
I had a conversation with myself.
I had a conversation with them.
I had a couple beers.
I had a couple of appointments.
I had a couple of beers.
I had a couple of cancellations.
I had a couple of cupcakes.
I had a couple of drinks.
I had a couple of martinis.
I had a couple of pints.
I had a couple of questions, but I didn't ask them.
I had a couple of those.
I had a cousin who lived in Boston.
I had a crazy paranoid teacher.
I had a crowbar in one hand and a hammer in the other.
I had a crowbar.
I had a crummy summer job.
I had a crush on Tom when I was a teenager.
I had a crush on Tom when I was in high school.
I had a crush on Tom when I was in junior high school.
I had a crush on Tom when I was thirteen.
I had a crush on Tom.
I had a crush on her at the time.
I had a crush on her.
I had a crush on him at the time.
I had a crush on my French teacher when I was in high school.
I had a crush on my science teacher when I was in high school.
I had a crush on that teacher.
I had a crush on you when I was twelve.
I had a crush on you when we were in high school.
I had a cup of coffee at the cafe.
I had a cup of coffee at the coffee shop.
I had a cup of coffee to keep me awake.
I had a cup of coffee to wake me up.
I had a cup of tea to keep myself awake.
I had a curious shopping habit during my twenties in Metro Vancouver and Greater Tokyo. I would browse second-hand bookstores and antiquarians. Not only was I concerned about the future, but I fantasized about the past. In Zen, I learned to live in the present.
I had a curry last night.
I had a cyst removed.
I had a date last night.
I had a date last week.
I had a date that night.
I had a date today.
I had a date tonight.
I had a date with Jane last night.
I had a date with Mary last Friday evening.
I had a date with Tom last Monday.
I had a date with Tom last night.
I had a date with Tom.
I had a date with destiny.
I had a day off yesterday.
I had a day without any major events.
I had a decent meal.
I had a dentist's appointment this morning.
I had a desire to see you again.
I had a devil of a time.
I had a dictionary.
I had a difficult delivery last time.
I had a difficult time doing that.
I had a difficult time in Mexico because I couldn't understand all of the Spanish.
I had a difficult time in Mexico because I couldn’t understand all of the Spanish.
I had a disagreement with Tom.
I had a doctor's appointment this morning.
I had a doctor's appointment yesterday morning.
I had a dog called Bello when I was a child.
I had a dog for thirteen years.
I had a dog named Cookie.
I had a dog named Tom.
I had a dog that snored louder than I did.
I had a dog when I was a kid.
I had a dog when I was growing up.
I had a dog.
I had a donut and a cup of coffee.
I had a down-low relationship with my teacher.
I had a dreadful dream last night.
I had a dream I went back to my country.
I had a dream about Jupiter.
I had a dream about Tom last night.
I had a dream about Tom.
I had a dream about a bow.
I had a dream about a zebra.
I had a dream about an onion.
I had a dream about her.
I had a dream about him.
I had a dream about my father.
I had a dream about you last night.
I had a dream about you today. It was a nice dream but it made me feel sad.
I had a dream about you.
I had a dream last night that an okapi and I built a hanging church on the face of a cliff.
I had a dream last night, about silk and fine cloth or about equality and fair trial.
I had a dream last night, and you were in it.
I had a dream last night.
I had a dream of dogs chasing me.
I had a dream that I died, people came to see me.
I had a dream that I was an amoeba in a pond.
I had a dream that I won the lottery.
I had a dream that the police came and took you away.
I had a dream where a baby was playing with a knife.
I had a dream yesterday.
I had a dream, which was not all a dream.
I had a dream, which was not at all a dream.
I had a dream.
I had a drink in my hand.
I had a drink or two before you came.
I had a drink with Tom the other day.
I had a drink with him, and went out on the street, and was arrested by the officers and taken to the police station.
I had a drink with lunch.
I had a duplicate key made.
I had a duty to fulfill.
I had a f***ing blast last night.
I had a fairly good job until I got laid off.
I had a family emergency.
I had a fancy that I could see him approaching.
I had a fantastic time at your party.
I had a fantastic time with your children.
I had a fantastic time.
I had a father who believed in me.
I had a feather stuck in my windpipe.
I had a feeling I might find you here.
I had a feeling Tom and Mary were going to be late.
I had a feeling Tom might do that.
I had a feeling Tom might win.
I had a feeling Tom was going to be late.
I had a feeling Tom was going to say that.
I had a feeling Tom would be late.
I had a feeling Tom would do that.
I had a feeling Tom would win.
I had a feeling he was about to tell me something.
I had a feeling it was going to happen.
I had a feeling something bad was about to happen.
I had a feeling something bad was going to happen.
I had a feeling something like that was going to happen.
I had a feeling something like this was going to happen.
I had a feeling that Tom and Mary were in trouble.
I had a feeling that Tom and Mary would decide not to buy that house.
I had a feeling that Tom was in trouble.
I had a feeling that Tom wasn't going to be able to find his dog.
I had a feeling that Tom wasn’t going to be able to find his dog.
I had a feeling that Tom would be late.
I had a feeling that something dreadful was happening.
I had a feeling that something wasn't right.
I had a feeling that that was going to happen.
I had a feeling that was going to happen.
I had a feeling this might happen.
I had a feeling you might do that.
I had a feeling you were going to say that.
I had a feeling you would be late.
I had a feeling you'd be back.
I had a feeling you'd be here.
I had a feeling you'd do that.
I had a feeling you'd say that.
I had a feeling you'd say yes.
I had a fender bender on my way to work.
I had a fever yesterday, so I didn't go to school.
I had a fever.
I had a few auditions, but never got a job.
I had a few friends over for dinner last night.
I had a few friends over for lunch.
I had a few friends.
I had a few hours free, so I sat under a tree and read a book.
I had a few things to correct.
I had a fight with Tom.
I had a fight with my brother.
I had a fight with my girlfriend.
I had a fight with my older brother yesterday.
I had a filling breakfast.
I had a fine old time.
I had a fire going.
I had a flat tire on my way to work.
I had a flat tire.
I had a flu shot.
I had a friend die recently.
I had a friend named Tom when I was growing up.
I had a friend who died when we were both in college.
I had a friend who once told me that, or something similar. It was shocking.
I had a friend who was in love with a poet of sorts. In his verses he never spoke of anything but love, and heaven, and the stars. Oh! she was properly taken in! He had more than three hundred thousand francs out of her before he'd finished.
I had a friend whose native language was Malayalam.
I had a full time job with him.
I had a fun conversation while enjoying a mixed bath.
I had a fun time tonight.
I had a funny dream last night.
I had a funny dream the night before last.
I had a girlfriend in college.
I had a girlfriend once.
I had a girlfriend then.
I had a girlfriend when I was in the fifth grade.
I had a girlfriend who smoked.
I had a girlfriend who spoke French.
I had a girlfriend, but we broke up three months ago.
I had a glass of beer to quench my thirst.
I had a glass of wine with lunch.
I had a glimpse into the negative side of his character.
I had a glimpse of a UFO in the night sky.
I had a goldfish once.
I had a good Berber teacher.
I had a good French teacher.
I had a good appetite this morning.
I had a good coach.
I had a good cry.
I had a good day in Austria learning to ski.
I had a good day.
I had a good dinner at his expense.
I had a good dream last night.
I had a good dream.
I had a good feeling.
I had a good holiday.
I had a good idea a few minutes ago.
I had a good idea.
I had a good job in Boston.
I had a good job.
I had a good laugh at her joke.
I had a good laugh at that one.
I had a good laugh with Tom.
I had a good laugh with him.
I had a good laugh.
I had a good lawyer.
I had a good mentor in Boston.
I had a good mentor.
I had a good night's rest.
I had a good night's sleep.
I had a good night’s rest.
I had a good night’s sleep.
I had a good opinion of her.
I had a good reason for doing that.
I had a good reason for not being there.
I had a good reason for saying that.
I had a good reason to be upset.
I had a good reason to do that.
I had a good report last term.
I had a good sleep last night.
I had a good sleep till ten.
I had a good sleep.
I had a good summer vacation.
I had a good summer.
I had a good talk with Tom this morning.
I had a good teacher.
I had a good time at the beach yesterday.
I had a good time at the party last night.
I had a good time at the party.
I had a good time camping.
I had a good time chatting with friends at the café.
I had a good time doing that.
I had a good time during the trip.
I had a good time in Australia.
I had a good time in Boston.
I had a good time last evening.
I had a good time last night.
I had a good time playing golf.
I had a good time talking to Tom.
I had a good time talking with Tom.
I had a good time this evening.
I had a good time today.
I had a good time tonight.
I had a good time when I was in Australia.
I had a good time when I was in Boston.
I had a good time while I stayed in the country.
I had a good time while I was in Australia.
I had a good time yesterday afternoon.
I had a good time yesterday evening.
I had a good time yesterday.
I had a good time, too.
I had a good time.
I had a good vacation.
I had a good weekend.
I had a good window seat.
I had a grand opening for the hospital last month.
I had a great car.
I had a great experience here.
I had a great night.
I had a great summer.
I had a great teacher.
I had a great three weeks off.
I had a great time and I got herpes.
I had a great time here in Australia.
I had a great time here in Boston.
I had a great time here.
I had a great time in Australia.
I had a great time in Boston.
I had a great time last night.
I had a great time last weekend.
I had a great time singing with you today.
I had a great time swimming today.
I had a great time today.
I had a great time tonight.
I had a great time with Tom.
I had a great time with you last night.
I had a great time with you last weekend.
I had a great time with you today.
I had a great time.
I had a great vacation.
I had a great vacation. How was yours?
I had a great week of fishing.
I had a great weekend in Kabylie.
I had a great weekend.
I had a guilty conscience.
I had a habit of walking in the morning.
I had a hairy time.
I had a hamster named Cookie.
I had a hand in the family deciding to move to New York.
I had a happy childhood.
I had a happy ending.
I had a hard day.
I had a hard time dealing with that.
I had a hard time doing that.
I had a hard time falling asleep last night.
I had a hard time finding Tom's house.
I had a hard time finding Tom.
I had a hard time finding a job.
I had a hard time finding a place to live.
I had a hard time finding a place to park.
I had a hard time finding a taxi.
I had a hard time finding his house.
I had a hard time finding work.
I had a hard time finding your house.
I had a hard time following the discussion.
I had a hard time getting back into the swing of things.
I had a hard time getting in.
I had a hard time getting the kids to go to bed.
I had a hard time getting to the airport.
I had a hard time leaving.
I had a hard time making both ends meet.
I had a hard time making myself understood in French.
I had a hard time of it.
I had a hard time putting the kid to bed.
I had a hard time remembering my lines.
I had a hard time saying no.
I had a hard time trying to get this report finished on time.
I had a hard time trying to persuade him to cancel the trip.
I had a hard time trying to talk him out of taking the trip.
I had a hard time understanding Tom.
I had a hard time understanding what Tom and Mary were trying to say.
I had a hard time understanding what Tom was trying to say.
I had a hard time.
I had a hasty breakfast and left home.
I had a headache all day yesterday.
I had a headache earlier today.
I had a headache last night.
I had a headache so I took a couple of aspirin.
I had a headache this morning.
I had a headache yesterday afternoon.
I had a headache yesterday morning.
I had a headache yesterday, so I didn't do that.
I had a headache yesterday.
I had a headache, and I took the day off today.
I had a headache, so I couldn't do that.
I had a headache, so I didn't do that.
I had a headache, so I went to bed early.
I had a headache.
I had a healthy breakfast.
I had a heart attack last year.
I had a heart attack three months ago.
I had a heart attack three years ago.
I had a heart attack.
I had a hearty breakfast.
I had a hectic week.
I had a hectic workday with back-to-back meetings and deadlines.
I had a high fever.
I had a high fever; otherwise I could have gone camping.
I had a hole in my pocket.
I had a home, a husband, a son, and parents, then I lost everything.
I had a horrible childhood.
I had a horrible cold last week.
I had a horrible day at work.
I had a horrible dream last night.
I had a horrible nightmare.
I had a horse once.
I had a hot dog for lunch.
I had a hot teacher.
I had a hotel in Minsk.
I had a huge breakfast, so I'm not really very hungry now.
I had a huge dog.
I had a hunch I'd see you here.
I had a hunch something bad was about to happen.
I had a hunch something bad was going to happen.
I had a hunch something good was about to happen.
I had a hunch something good was going to happen.
I had a hunch something pleasant was going to happen.
I had a hunch something would go wrong.
I had a hunch that something bad was about to happen.
I had a hunch that something bad was going to happen.
I had a hunch that something good was about to happen.
I had a hunch that something good was going to happen.
I had a hunch you would do that.
I had a hyperglycemic episode.
I had a hypoglycemic episode.
I had a jack, a king and three queens in my hand.
I had a job interview this morning.
I had a job interview yesterday afternoon.
I had a job when I was your age.
I had a job.
I had a kidney stone.
I had a lane all to myself at the swimming pool today.
I had a large fire going.
I had a large soda.
I had a last-minute meeting I couldn't get out of.
I had a late breakfast.
I had a late lunch.
I had a leg cramp when swimming.
I had a letter from her yesterday.
I had a lick at the jam.
I had a light breakfast.
I had a light lunch.
I had a light supper.
I had a list of things to take care of before the meeting started.
I had a little bit of a fever this morning.
I had a little chat with John after the meeting.
I had a little chat with Tom.
I had a little difficulty in getting a taxi.
I had a little fever this morning.
I had a little fever, I felt my heart beat violently.
I had a little fever.
I had a little help doing this.
I had a little help from a friend.
I had a little help.
I had a little on the plane, not much.
I had a little problem earlier.
I had a little problem replacing the oil filter.
I had a little to eat.
I had a little too much to drink last night.
I had a little trouble finding Tom's house.
I had a little trouble with one of the horses.
I had a lively conversation while enjoying the mixed-gender bath.
I had a lochia.
I had a long chat with Tom.
I had a long conversation with Tom about that.
I had a long conversation with Tom.
I had a long conversation with a mushroom.
I had a long conversation with her.
I had a long drive home.
I had a long sleep, but I'm still feeling tired.
I had a long talk with Tom today.
I had a long talk with Tom tonight.
I had a long talk with Tom.
I had a long talk with her.
I had a long talk with him.
I had a long talk with them.
I had a look around the museum.
I had a look at his Wikipedia page.
I had a look round the museum.
I had a lot of affairs in my life.
I had a lot of awards.
I had a lot of books about Islam.
I had a lot of difficulty doing that.
I had a lot of difficulty getting in touch with her.
I had a lot of difficulty in doing that.
I had a lot of faith in you, you let me down.
I had a lot of friends when I was in Australia.
I had a lot of friends when I was in Boston.
I had a lot of fun at the party.
I had a lot of fun doing it, so I want to do it again.
I had a lot of fun doing it.
I had a lot of fun doing that.
I had a lot of fun in Australia last week.
I had a lot of fun in Australia.
I had a lot of fun in Boston last weekend.
I had a lot of fun in Boston.
I had a lot of fun last night
I had a lot of fun last night.
I had a lot of fun last weekend.
I had a lot of fun playing tennis with Tom.
I had a lot of fun skating.
I had a lot of fun talking with Tom.
I had a lot of fun today.
I had a lot of fun traveling with you.
I had a lot of fun when I was in Australia.
I had a lot of fun while I was in Australia.
I had a lot of fun while I was in Boston.
I had a lot of fun with Tom this afternoon.
I had a lot of fun working on this project.
I had a lot of fun yesterday.
I had a lot of fun, too.
I had a lot of fun.
I had a lot of gumption when I was young, but now it seems to have all petered out.
I had a lot of help.
I had a lot of hope.
I had a lot of love and support.
I had a lot of money, but spent everything.
I had a lot of musical ideas.
I had a lot of pillow fights during my school trip.
I had a lot of problems doing that.
I had a lot of problems in high school.
I had a lot of problems.
I had a lot of questions about my sexuality.
I had a lot of respect for Tom until he did that.
I had a lot of them.
I had a lot of things I had to buy.
I had a lot of things I had to do yesterday.
I had a lot of things I needed to buy, but I didn't have enough money.
I had a lot of things I needed to buy.
I had a lot of things I needed to do yesterday.
I had a lot of things I wanted to buy, but I didn't have enough money, so I only bought this.
I had a lot of things I wanted to buy, but I didn't have enough money.
I had a lot of things I wanted to buy.
I had a lot of things I wanted to do yesterday, but I didn't have enough time to do them all.
I had a lot of things to do yesterday.
I had a lot of things to wash over the weekend.
I had a lot of time to talk with my friends.
I had a lot of time to think about the problem.
I had a lot of trouble doing that.
I had a lot of trouble doing this.
I had a lot of work to catch up on.
I had a lot of work to do yesterday afternoon.
I had a lot of work to do.
I had a lot of work today.
I had a lot on my mind, so I wasn't really listening to what Tom was saying.
I had a lot on my mind.
I had a lot to do last week.
I had a lot to do last weekend.
I had a lot to do.
I had a lot to say in relation to that affair.
I had a lot to say.
I had a lovely evening.
I had a lovely night.
I had a lovely time.
I had a lover's quarrel with the world.
I had a major crush on you when we were in college.
I had a man build me a house.
I had a marvelous time last night.
I had a marvelous time.
I had a marvelous view of Mt. Fuji.
I had a math test today.
I had a maths test today.
I had a meal prepared for you.
I had a meal.
I had a meeting with Tom.
I had a meeting with her.
I had a meeting with him.
I had a meeting with professors and researchers at USP.
I had a meeting with them in the school of the village.
I had a meeting with them.
I had a mental blow at that time.
I had a mental breakdown.
I had a minor accident.
I had a minor issue with my computer.
I had a miscarriage last year.
I had a mishap.
I had a missed phone call from Tom.
I had a most enjoyable time.
I had a motorcycle before.
I had a mustache the last time you saw me.
I had a myocardial infarction.
I had a nagging feeling that the atmosphere resembled somebody and, now that you mention it, yes, you're right. Certainly ZZ TOP had this kind of feel.
I had a nagging feeling that the atmosphere resembled somebody and, now that you mention it, yes, you’re right. Certainly ZZ TOP had this kind of feel.
I had a nagging sensation that I'd seen him somewhere before.
I had a nail in my tire.
I had a nap for about an hour.
I had a nap.
I had a narrow escape.
I had a near death experience last summer.
I had a neck injury.
I had a neighbor who was blind.
I had a nervous breakdown because of work stress.
I had a nervous breakdown in front of him.
I had a nervous breakdown.
I had a new roof put on my house.
I had a new suit made.
I had a new teacher at school.
I had a nice chat with Tom.
I had a nice chat with her.
I had a nice collection of Soviet magazines in Cyrillic, with prominent red colouring. They got waterlogged when firemen hosed the fire in my house in 1985.
I had a nice conversation with Tom the other day.
I had a nice conversation with Tom.
I had a nice day.
I had a nice dream when I slept last night.
I had a nice long chat with my girlfriend's father.
I had a nice massage.
I had a nice meal.
I had a nice night tonight.
I had a nice salad.
I had a nice time in Australia.
I had a nice time in Boston.
I had a nice time.
I had a nice vacation.
I had a nice weekend.
I had a night to remember.
I had a nightcap with Tom.
I had a nightmare about a sinking ship.
I had a nightmare about vampires.
I had a nightmare last night.
I had a nightmare that the world was ending.
I had a nightmare.
I had a non-smoking colleague and neighbor whose wife smoked. I thought to myself: what sacrifices cannot love make a man submit to!
I had a normal life growing up.
I had a nosebleed today.
I had a nosebleed.
I had a notion to tell what I had seen.
I had a nutritious breakfast.
I had a pain in my chest, so I went to the hospital.
I had a panic attack and my blood sugar was low.
I had a panic attack.
I had a part-time job as a hotel maid, but I didn't like it very much.
I had a part-time job as a hotel maid, but I didn’t like it very much.
I had a party at my place last Monday evening.
I had a party for my birthday.
I had a party last week, but Tom didn't come.
I had a party when my parents were out of town.
I had a patty melt.
I had a pay raise in April.
I had a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for lunch.
I had a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
I had a peanut butter sandwich for lunch.
I had a peculiar feeling.
I had a perfectly good reason for leaving early.
I had a phone call from a girl.
I had a phone call from him.
I had a phone call in Esperanto.
I had a phone conversation in Esperanto.
I had a photo of Tom dancing.
I had a physical checkup.
I had a piano teacher for a while.
I had a piece of cake.
I had a piece of pie for dessert.
I had a place in Boston.
I had a plan for you.
I had a plan this time.
I had a plan, too.
I had a plan.
I had a plane to catch.
I had a pleasant conversation with her.
I had a pleasant dream last night.
I had a pleasant experience on my trip.
I had a pleasant trip.
I had a pocket knife.
I had a pocketknife.
I had a pregnancy scare.
I had a premature baby.
I had a premonition of Tom dying.
I had a premonition that I would never see Tom again.
I had a premonition that Tom would die.
I had a premonition that something wasn't right.
I had a premonition that this would happen.
I had a premonition today.
I had a premonition.
I had a presentiment that you would come this evening.
I had a pretty amazing trip.
I had a pretty big lunch.
I had a pretty busy day.
I had a pretty good childhood.
I had a pretty good day.
I had a pretty good idea Tom wouldn't like my suggestion.
I had a pretty good idea that Tom wouldn't like my suggestion.
I had a pretty good teacher.
I had a pretty good time.
I had a pretty good upbringing.
I had a pretty good week.
I had a pretty good weekend.
I had a pretty good year.
I had a pretty happy childhood.
I had a previous appointment.
I had a previous commitment.
I had a prior commitment.
I had a problem in Boston.
I had a problem last time.
I had a problem opening the door.
I had a problem similar to that not too long ago.
I had a problem starting my car this morning.
I had a problem to take care of.
I had a problem with Tom.
I had a problem with my car on the way to work.
I had a problem with my car this morning.
I had a problem with my car.
I had a profound experience.
I had a promise to keep.
I had a puppy when I was a boy.
I had a puppy when I was a child.
I had a quarrel with him about trifles.
I had a quarrel with him over money.
I had a quarrel with my sister.
I had a quick breakfast.
I had a quick coffee at the coffee shop.
I had a quick look inside.
I had a quick shower.
I had a rabbit and a dog.
I had a race with Tom.
I had a race with him.
I had a racist teacher.
I had a raincoat on so I didn't get so wet.
I had a real shock when I saw Steve. Jesus, how old he's got!
I had a really bad day at work.
I had a really bad day.
I had a really bad experience with a hotel in Algeria.
I had a really bad nightmare last night.
I had a really good time at her party.
I had a really good time yesterday.
I had a really good time.
I had a really good wrap where the wrapper was collard greens.
I had a really great time last night.
I had a really great time tonight.
I had a really great time with your family.
I had a really great time.
I had a really interesting dream last night.
I had a really lovely time in Australia.
I had a really lovely time in Boston.
I had a really nice time tonight.
I had a really rough year.
I had a really weird dream yesterday.
I had a really wonderful time at Tom's house.
I had a recent conversation with my neighbor.
I had a relationship with my high school teacher.
I had a relaxing talk.
I had a restless sleep.
I had a revelation.
I had a rich uncle who left me a lot of money.
I had a right to know.
I had a right to privacy too.
I had a room with a beautiful view of the mountains.
I had a rotten day.
I had a rough day at work.
I had a rough day.
I had a rough night the night before and hardly slept a wink.
I had a rough night.
I had a rough time last year.
I had a row with my boss today.
I had a rude comment on the tip of my tongue, but I decided not to say it.
I had a run of bad luck.
I had a run-in with my boss.
I had a run-in with the police last night.
I had a sad dream.
I had a sandwich for lunch.
I had a sandwich with a thick slice of Cheddar.
I had a sandwich.
I had a scheduled appointment.
I had a scholarship to college.
I had a second helping of mashed potatoes.
I had a seizure.
I had a sense that I was being called.
I had a serious accident.
I had a severe headache.
I had a severe imbroglio with my girlfriend concerning her uncle's gluten sensitivities for the upcoming dinner.
I had a sex change and now I have a brand new vagina.
I had a sharp pain in my chest yesterday.
I had a shirt with short sleeves.
I had a short-sleeved shirt.
I had a shower.
I had a similar experience once.
I had a similar experience.
I had a similar incident.
I had a similar problem a while back.
I had a similar problem when I lived in Australia.
I had a similar problem when I lived in Boston.
I had a similar problem when I was in Australia.
I had a similar problem when I was in Boston.
I had a similar reaction.
I had a sincere intention to read the Quran.
I had a situation to take care of.
I had a sleepless night.
I had a slight accident while trekking in Nepal.
I had a slight headache last night.
I had a slight headache, so I went to bed early.
I had a slight scruple about doing that kind of thing.
I had a slightly sad morning.
I had a small cold, but nothing serious.
I had a small dinner party last weekend.
I had a small dog when I was small.
I had a small dog when I was young.
I had a small mishap.
I had a smashing time.
I had a snack before I went back to work.
I had a snack.
I had a son who died in the war.
I had a son.
I had a sore throat.
I had a sound sleep last night.
I had a spat with my neighbour this morning.
I had a special ticket.
I had a speech ready.
I had a speech therapist when I was younger.
I had a splinter in my finger, so I asked Tom to help me get it out.
I had a splitting headache.
I had a stabbing pain in my chest.
I had a stillborn baby three years ago.
I had a stomachache this morning.
I had a stomachache yesterday.
I had a strange dream last night.
I had a strange dream.
I had a strange experience last night.
I had a strange feeling.
I had a strict curfew at my house.
I had a stroke last year.
I had a stroke.
I had a strong desire for a plate of clam linguine right now.
I had a strong urge to leave.
I had a study date with Mary.
I had a suit tailored for me.
I had a suspicion that he would leave me.
I had a sustaining breakfast.
I had a sweet dream yesterday.
I had a talk with Tom about that.
I had a talk with Tom yesterday.
I had a talk with Tom.
I had a talk with her.
I had a talk with him.
I had a talk with them.
I had a teacher named Mr Bakir.
I had a telephone call from Tom early this morning.
I had a telephone call from her.
I had a tennis match with him.
I had a terrible accident riding this bike.
I had a terrible childhood.
I had a terrible day at work.
I had a terrible day.
I had a terrible dream last night.
I had a terrible dream.
I had a terrible education. I attended a school for emotionally disturbed teachers.
I had a terrible experience in Australia.
I had a terrible experience in Boston.
I had a terrible experience.
I had a terrible headache.
I had a terrible nightmare that I want to tell you guys about. Maybe one of you knows what it means.
I had a terrible stomachache.
I had a terrible time getting here.
I had a terrible weekend.
I had a terrific day on Monday.
I had a three-week vacation last summer.
I had a threesome and it was awesome.
I had a tiff with my boyfriend.
I had a time playing tennis.
I had a tooth extracted.
I had a tooth extraction a week ago.
I had a tooth pulled a week ago.
I had a tooth pulled out last week.
I had a tooth pulled out yesterday.
I had a tooth pulled out.
I had a tooth pulled.
I had a toothache yesterday.
I had a tough day.
I had a tough week.
I had a traffic accident.
I had a tricycle when I was a child.
I had a tricycle when I was a kid.
I had a true friend.
I had a tubal ligation.
I had a tumultuous day.
I had a twenty dollar bill but I lost it.
I had a valid visa, so I was allowed to enter the country.
I had a very abusive father.
I had a very bad day.
I had a very bad dream last night.
I had a very bad fall.
I had a very boring weekend.
I had a very difficult childhood.
I had a very difficult time making friends there.
I had a very enjoyable time here.
I had a very good day yesterday.
I had a very good day.
I had a very good teacher, probably the best.
I had a very good time at Karuizawa.
I had a very good time in Boston.
I had a very good time today.
I had a very good time tonight.
I had a very good time.
I had a very hard time doing that.
I had a very hard time writing the paper.
I had a very high fever.
I had a very important decision to make.
I had a very interesting conversation with Tom.
I had a very large grocery bill last month.
I had a very nice morning.
I had a very nice time.
I had a very pleasant day.
I had a very productive day of cooking yesterday; I made soup, biscuits, and two pies.
I had a very rude and painful morning wake-up this morning.
I had a very stimulating conversation with Tom.
I had a very strange dream last night.
I had a very strange dream.
I had a very strange dream. You were talking, and I didn't even bother to ignore you!
I had a very successful year.
I had a very tight schedule last week, but this week I'm relatively free.
I had a very weird dream.
I had a vision.
I had a vivid dream about the end of the world.
I had a wash in cold water.
I had a week to finish doing that, but I couldn't get it done.
I had a week to finish doing that, but that wasn't enough time.
I had a weird dream last night.
I had a weird dream.
I had a weird feeling, too.
I had a whale of a time.
I had a whiplash injury two months ago.
I had a white dress made by my mother.
I had a wonderful dream last night.
I had a wonderful dream.
I had a wonderful evening.
I had a wonderful teacher.
I had a wonderful time here.
I had a wonderful time in Australia.
I had a wonderful time in Boston.
I had a wonderful time last night.
I had a wonderful time tonight.
I had a wonderful time when I was in Australia.
I had a wonderful time when I was in Boston.
I had a wonderful time.
I had about a minute until the train left, so I didn't have time to explain why I was leaving.
I had absolutely no idea what to do.
I had absolutely no idea what was going on.
I had absolutely nothing to do with it.
I had absolutely nothing to do with that.
I had absolutely nothing to do with what happened here yesterday.
I had abusive teachers.
I had access to medical care.
I had aches.
I had all day to finish doing that.
I had all day to get that done.
I had all four wisdom teeth removed under general anesthesia because they were impacted and the procedure necessitated several hours of surgery.
I had all kinds of problems.
I had all my clothes washed by my mother.
I had all my money stolen.
I had all of my suits sent to the cleaners.
I had all reasons to recommend her as your guardian.
I had all the money stolen and was in trouble.
I had all the tools I needed to do that job.
I had almost finished my work when she came.
I had almost made it.
I had almost made up my mind to sleep on the moor, when I saw the light of your lantern.
I had already eaten before I arrived at the party.
I had already finished my homework when you called me.
I had already gone to bed when the telephone rang.
I had already got used to his personality.
I had already heard that song once.
I had already left before you returned.
I had already left by the time it finished.
I had already left when they arrived.
I had already read the book she gave me.
I had already said it.
I had already sent you the letter when you called.
I had already spotted him from afar.
I had already told you that Marco is a liar.
I had already told you that Marco lies more than he speaks.
I had already written the sentence.
I had always hoped that I would have a child.
I had always supposed that Tom was innocent.
I had always traveled by train until now.
I had always wanted a son.
I had an AIDS test.
I had an American dream.
I had an abortion two years ago.
I had an abusive teacher.
I had an accident and broke my arm.
I had an accident at work.
I had an accident in Australia.
I had an accident in Boston.
I had an accident on my way to work.
I had an accident, too.
I had an accident.
I had an ache in my arm yesterday.
I had an aisle seat on the flight.
I had an allergic reaction to the new medication my doctor prescribed.
I had an allergy attack this morning.
I had an amazing date last weekend.
I had an amazing dinner at Mom's.
I had an amazing experience.
I had an angina attack.
I had an anxiety attack.
I had an appointment at 2:30, but I got caught in traffic and couldn't get there in time.
I had an appointment at 2:30, but I was caught in traffic and couldn't get there in time.
I had an appointment this morning that I forgot about.
I had an appointment today at four o'clock.
I had an aquarium in my bedroom when I was a kid.
I had an argument with Tom about the use of marijuana.
I had an argument with Tom yesterday.
I had an argument with Tom.
I had an argument with her.
I had an argument with him about the use of marijuana.
I had an argument with him.
I had an argument with my boss today.
I had an argument with my boyfriend.
I had an argument with my girlfriend and now she's not talking to me.
I had an argument with my girlfriend.
I had an argument with my sister about whom to invite.
I had an argument with one of my neighbors this morning.
I had an argument with them.
I had an artificial insemination by donor.
I had an artificial insemination with sperm from my husband.
I had an asthma attack.
I had an audition this morning.
I had an audition today.
I had an audition.
I had an aunt named Mary.
I had an awful day too.
I had an awful day.
I had an awful experience in Boston.
I had an awful experience today, so I'm going to have a beer and go straight to bed.
I had an awful experience today, so I’m going to have a beer and go straight to bed.
I had an awful night.
I had an awful time at the conference.
I had an awkward situation.
I had an backache yesterday.
I had an early lunch.
I had an easy day today.
I had an easy delivery last time.
I had an easy time with everything.
I had an ectopic pregnancy two years ago.
I had an egg salad sandwich for lunch.
I had an egg sandwich for lunch.
I had an enjoyable two weeks in London.
I had an enlarged prostate.
I had an excellent breakfast at seven.
I had an excellent teacher!
I had an exceptional year.
I had an experience I never thought I'd have.
I had an expression of disbelief on my face.
I had an honest conversation with my employer.
I had an idea about something to do.
I had an idea.
I had an imaginary friend too when I was a kid.
I had an imaginary friend when I was a kid.
I had an important job to do.
I had an important task to handle.
I had an inkling this project might turn out difficult.
I had an inspiration.
I had an intense pain in the head.
I had an interesting conversation with Tom this morning.
I had an interesting conversation with Tom.
I had an interesting conversation with my neighbor.
I had an interesting conversation with the neighbor woman.
I had an interesting day today.
I had an interesting evening.
I had an interesting talk with Tom.
I had an intravenous drip in hospital.
I had an old wire bird feeder that I used to fill often with a square slab of suet.
I had an omelette for breakfast.
I had an open conversation with my husband.
I had an operation for glaucoma last year.
I had an operation last summer.
I had an operation last week.
I had an operation on my left leg.
I had an operation.
I had an opportunity to do that, but decided not to.
I had an opportunity to do that.
I had an out-of-body experience while eating that burger.
I had an out-of-body experience.
I had an umbrella with me but my friend did not.
I had an unexpected experience.
I had an unexpected lead.
I had an unpleasant experience when I went there.
I had an upset stomach after dinner last night.
I had an urge to eat an authentic pretzel!
I had another all-nighter.
I had another argument with Tom today.
I had another argument with Tom yesterday.
I had another argument with Tom.
I had another beer.
I had another brandy.
I had another chance.
I had another dream about Tom.
I had another dream. In my dream, I saw a perfect dictionary.
I had another glass of wine.
I had another operation.
I had another sleepless night.
I had another whack at it.
I had arrived in Italy without difficulty.
I had assumed Tom would be here today.
I had assumed that Tom was the one who had done that.
I had assumed that Tom would be here today.
I had assumed the same.
I had back surgery a couple of months ago.
I had back surgery in October.
I had backache from lying down on the cold floor.
I had bad results this year.
I had bags of energy.
I had barely enough potable water for a week.
I had barely fallen asleep when Tom knocked on my door.
I had barely fallen asleep when the alarm sounded.
I had barely got aboard when the train began to move.
I had barely got home when the storm broke.
I had barely got in the house when the phone rang.
I had barely got into the house when the phone rang.
I had barely gotten home when the storm broke out.
I had bean soup and cutlet for dinner.
I had beef stew for lunch.
I had been at a loss as to what career to decide on, but your advice has helped me to see the light regarding my future.
I had been drinking tea, but I've gone back to coffee.
I had been framed.
I had been in Tokyo for three weeks when I received news of the death of my father.
I had been in Tokyo only three days when I received news of my father's death.
I had been in Tokyo only three days when I received news of my father’s death.
I had been in the army for a month when the war ended.
I had been incarcerated before.
I had been inculcated with all kinds of wrong ideas.
I had been loved.
I had been making the same mistake all my life.
I had been reading a book for about an hour when he came in.
I had been reading a book for some time when he called.
I had been reading a book when he came in.
I had been reading a letter when he came in.
I had been reading a magazine for some time when she came.
I had been reading for an hour when he came in.
I had been reading for an hour.
I had been seen.
I had been staying in Boston before I came back to Japan.
I had been studying English for two hours when he came in.
I had been studying mathematics about an hour, when I felt sleepy.
I had been studying music in Boston before I returned to Japan.
I had been studying music in Boston before returning to Japan.
I had been thinking about our new project for two weeks, but I couldn't come up with a good idea.
I had been thinking about our new project for two weeks, but I couldn’t come up with a good idea.
I had been to Dubai seventeen years ago.
I had been to the hospital before you came.
I had been told not to do it.
I had been up all night trying to finish the presentation.
I had been upfront about my intentions.
I had been waiting an hour when he appeared.
I had been wandering a lot in France when I was young.
I had been warned not to do that.
I had been working for two hours when I suddenly felt sick.
I had been writing letters all that morning.
I had beer for breakfast.
I had believed myself to be among Amazons.
I had better arrange it myself.
I had better ask her.
I had better ask them.
I had better chain up the dog so that he won't bite.
I had better digitize these photos so I don't lose them.
I had better go to bed now.
I had better go to bed.
I had better take my Walkman.
I had better things to do.
I had bills.
I had blisters on my feet.
I had blood in my urine.
I had both of my socks on inside out.
I had bought a green car.
I had bought it the week before.
I had breakfast after you did.
I had breakfast all by myself.
I had breakfast at 7.30.
I had breakfast at 7:30.
I had breakfast at half past seven.
I had breakfast at half seven.
I had breakfast at seven-thirty.
I had breakfast by myself.
I had breakfast in haste in order to be in time for the first bus.
I had breakfast in my pyjamas.
I had breakfast in pajamas.
I had breakfast on my balcony.
I had breakfast on my porch.
I had breakfast on the veranda.
I had breakfast pretty early this morning.
I had breakfast.
I had broken my glasses, so that I couldn't see the blackboard.
I had broken my glasses, so that I couldn’t see the blackboard.
I had brown hair before I went bald.
I had brown hair before it turned gray.
I had brown hair when I was younger.
I had bruises all over my body after the fight.
I had business downtown.
I had business here.
I had business in Boston anyway.
I had business in Boston.
I had business in the area.
I had business in the neighborhood.
I had business there.
I had business to attend to.
I had business to take care of.
I had butterflies in my stomach.
I had called Tom.
I had called the doctor.
I had cared for three guinea pigs as a teenage Lulu Islander. Their names were Blondie, Thumper, and Candy.
I had cavities.
I had chicken pox as a kid.
I had chicken pox when I was a kid.
I had coffee at the airport.
I had coffee with her.
I had coffee.
I had come into the parlour unexpected, and as I walked in at the door I saw a light of welcome on my wife’s face. But as she saw who it was it faded again, and she turned away with a look of disappointment.
I had come to believe that he was an orphan with no relatives living, but one day, to my very great surprise, he began to talk to me about his brother.
I had come to return the book to you, but I did not find you at home.
I had come up from the ship and found my wife out, but Sarah at home.
I had come.
I had complete mastery over my feeling.
I had completely forgotten about that.
I had completely forgotten pay the rent.
