What were Tom and Mary talking about last night?
What were Tom and Mary talking about?
What were Tom and Mary there for?
What were Tom and Mary thinking?
What were Tom and Mary told?
What were Tom and Mary waiting for?
What were Tom and Mary wearing?
What were Tom and Mary working on?
What were Tom's complaints?
What were Tom's exact words?
What were Tom's orders?
What were Western and Saudi-sponsored foreign fighters doing in Chechnya?
What were Ziri's last words?
What were her final words?
What were his first words?
What were his last words?
What were our ancestors like?
What were the Algerians planning?
What were the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World?
What were the alternatives?
What were the balls made of? Thousands of years ago, the Egyptians made balls out of soft leather or cloth.
What were the best parts?
What were the challenges Ziri faced after he converted to Islam?
What were the challenges?
What were the chief events of 1990?
What were the chief events of last year?
What were the choices?
What were the circumstances?
What were the contents of the letter?
What were the cops so dismissive?
What were the last words of the deceased?
What were the main points of Tom's speech?
What were the meetings like?
What were the names of those two German poets who wrote each other hundreds of letters?
What were the results of the test?
What were the results?
What were the symptoms?
What were the two miracles that were done for the people of Israel on Hanukkah?
What were the two of you doing?
What were the women in Boston like?
What were the women like?
What were the workers striking for?
What were their interests?
What were their names again?
What were their names?
What were their orders?
What were they afraid of?
What were they after?
What were they arguing about?
What were they arguing for?
What were they doing here?
What were they doing there?
What were they doing when you got there?
What were they doing yesterday?
What were they doing?
What were they drinking?
What were they eating?
What were they going to do?
What were they imprisoned for?
What were they laughing at?
What were they looking for over there?
What were they motivated by?
What were they saying?
What were they served?
What were they smoking?
What were they talking about?
What were they thinking of?
What were they thinking?
What were they waiting for?
What were they wearing?
What were those animals?
What were we afraid of?
What were we and what have we become?
What were we doing in October?
What were we doing?
What were we supposed to do?
What were we supposed to study?
What were we talking about, again?
What were we talking about?
What were we thinking?
What were we to do?
What were we watching?
What were yesterday's chief events?
What were yesterday’s chief events?
What were you able to find out?
What were you advised to do?
What were you afraid of when you were a kid?
What were you afraid of?
What were you all doing at that time?
What were you and Mary talking about?
What were you and Tom arguing about?
What were you and Tom discussing?
What were you and Tom doing in Australia?
What were you and Tom doing in Boston?
What were you and Tom doing in the attic?
What were you and Tom doing yesterday?
What were you and Tom doing?
What were you and Tom fighting about?
What were you and Tom laughing about?
What were you and Tom quarreling about?
What were you and Tom talking about last night?
What were you and Tom talking about?
What were you arguing about?
What were you asked?
What were you called when you were a child?
What were you celebrating?
What were you doing Monday morning?
What were you doing about this time yesterday?
What were you doing at 2:30 in the afternoon?
What were you doing at 2:30 yesterday afternoon?
What were you doing at 9 o'clock last night?
What were you doing at 9 o’clock last night?
What were you doing at Tom's house?
What were you doing at that moment?
What were you doing at that particular moment?
What were you doing at that time?
What were you doing at the hospital?
What were you doing at the hotel?
What were you doing at the public library?
What were you doing at the time of her death?
What were you doing at the time of his death?
What were you doing at the time?
What were you doing at this time last year?
What were you doing at this time yesterday?
What were you doing before Tom got here?
What were you doing before this?
What were you doing between two and four o'clock yesterday afternoon?
What were you doing by the docks?
What were you doing down there?
What were you doing earlier?
What were you doing here?
What were you doing hiding in the brambles? Picking blackberries?
What were you doing in Algeria?
What were you doing in Australia last week?
What were you doing in Australia?
What were you doing in Boston last week?
What were you doing in Boston?
What were you doing in Chad?
What were you doing in India?
What were you doing in Kabylie?
What were you doing in his room?
What were you doing in my apartment?
What were you doing in my flat?
What were you doing in my house?
What were you doing in my room?
What were you doing in that building?
What were you doing in that cave?
What were you doing in the attic?
What were you doing in the garage?
What were you doing in the garden?
What were you doing in there?
What were you doing last October?
What were you doing last night?
What were you doing last week at this time?
What were you doing now?
What were you doing on the roof?
What were you doing out here?
What were you doing out there?
What were you doing outside?
What were you doing that moment?
What were you doing then?
What were you doing there anyway?
What were you doing there in the first place?
What were you doing there?
What were you doing this afternoon?
What were you doing this morning?
What were you doing this time last year?
What were you doing this time yesterday?
What were you doing to Tom?
What were you doing to get that injury?
What were you doing to her?
What were you doing to him?
What were you doing to them?
What were you doing today?
What were you doing together?
What were you doing up so late last night?
What were you doing up there?
What were you doing when I called this morning?
What were you doing when I called you yesterday?
What were you doing when I phoned this morning?
What were you doing when I phoned you yesterday?
What were you doing when I rang this morning?
What were you doing when I rang you yesterday?
What were you doing when I saw you?
What were you doing when Tom came?
What were you doing when it began to rain?
What were you doing when she came?
What were you doing while he was chopping wood?
What were you doing while your sister was having a bath?
What were you doing with Tom?
What were you doing with her, anyway?
What were you doing with him, anyway?
What were you doing with him?
What were you doing yesterday afternoon?
What were you doing yesterday at this time?
What were you doing yesterday?
What were you doing, Dad?
What were you doing, Tom?
What were you doing?
What were you dreaming about when I woke you up?
What were you dreaming about when I woke you?
What were you dreaming about?
What were you drinking?
What were you eating?
What were you even doing here?
What were you even doing in there?
What were you even doing there?
What were you even thinking when you turned down such a good guy?
What were you even thinking?!
What were you expecting to happen?
What were you expecting to see?
What were you expecting?
What were you fired for?
What were you going to do in Russia?
What were you going to do?
What were you going to say?
What were you going to tell Tom?
What were you going to tell me before I interrupted you?
What were you guys doing at that time?
What were you guys doing then?
What were you guys doing to her?
What were you guys doing to him?
What were you guys doing while Tom and Mary were chopping wood?
What were you guys doing while Tom was chopping wood?
What were you guys doing while he was chopping wood?
What were you guys doing?
What were you guys laughing about?
What were you guys talking about?
What were you hoping to accomplish?
What were you hoping to buy?
What were you hoping to find?
What were you hoping to see?
What were you in Boston for?
What were you in prison for?
What were you just doing?
What were you just grumbling?
What were you just talking about?
What were you just thinking?
What were you like as a child?
What were you like when you were fifteen?
What were you like when you were thirteen years old?
What were you like when you were thirteen?
What were you looking at?
What were you looking for in the basement?
What were you looking for this morning?
What were you looking for?
What were you paying attention to?
What were you planning on doing today?
What were you planning on doing?
What were you planning to do?
What were you planning?
What were you pointing at?
What were you really doing in Boston?
What were you really doing last night?
What were you really doing?
What were you really talking to Tom about earlier?
What were you sacked for?
What were you saying to Tom?
What were you saying?
What were you staring at?
What were you studying last night?
What were you supposed to do?
What were you taking pictures of?
What were you talking about, again?
What were you talking about?
What were you talking to Tom about?
What were you telling Tom?
What were you telling her?
What were you telling him?
What were you telling them?
What were you there for?
What were you thinking about?
What were you thinking just now?
What were you thinking of in allowing the loyalists into the castle?
What were you thinking of?
What were you thinking, Tom?
What were you thinking, facing the boss and addressing them as "you"?
What were you thinking?
What were you three talking about?
What were you told?
What were you trying to do?
What were you trying to say?
What were you two arguing about?
What were you two conspiring about?
What were you two doing there anyway?
What were you two doing there? I thought that you were supposed to be in Boston.
What were you two doing together?
What were you two doing up there?
What were you two doing?
What were you two quarrelling about?
What were you two talking about?
What were you two up to?
What were you up to last night?
What were you up to?
What were you waiting for?
What were you wearing yesterday?
What were you wearing?
What were your best subjects in high school?
What were your biggest influences?
What were your bosses’ strengths and weaknesses?
What were your duties at your last job?
What were your duties in Boston?
What were your duties?
What were your expectations?
What were your favorite subjects in high school?
What were your favorite subjects in school?
What were your favourite subjects at school?
What were your grades like in high school?
What were your impressions of Tom?
What were your impressions of it?
What were your parents like?
What were your past purchases?
What were your plans for the holidays?
What were your reasons for doing that?
What were your teachers like?
What were your thoughts about me when we first interacted?
What we’ve already achieved gives us hope for what we can and must achieve tomorrow.
What will Algeria look like in twenty years?
What will I be doing this time next year?
What will I do in Paris?
What will I do in Rome?
What will I do there?
What will I do when I have learned to speak Quechua?
What will I do when this pest gets in my field? I don't have a lot of options.
What will I do?
What will I do? The strap on one of my geta has come undone.
What will I do? The strap on one of my geta is broken.
What will I find in the box?
What will I forget to write?
What will I get in return for your friend's bail?
What will I have to do?
What will I learn in this course?
What will I need?
What will I ride towards the town?
What will I say when he arrives?
What will I tell Tom?
What will I write about today?
What will I write next year?
What will Mary say?
What will Mrs Grundy say?
What will Tom and Mary do later?
What will Tom and Mary do then?
What will Tom and Mary do?
What will Tom be doing in Boston?
What will Tom be doing this summer?
What will Tom do about it?
What will Tom do later?
What will Tom do then?
What will Tom do without you?
What will Tom do?
What will Tom have for lunch today?
What will Tom probably do next?
What will Tom say?
What will Tom think of me?
What will Tom think?
What will Yanni do with the money?
What will a child learn sooner than a song?
What will a future on Mars look like?
What will a terraformed Mars look like?
What will actually happen is anyone's guess.
What will actually happen is anyone’s guess.
What will all of you be doing this weekend?
What will be done?
What will be easier for Tom?
What will be happening on Thursday?
What will be my legacy?
What will be necessary?
What will be needed?
What will be planted in this field?
What will be the consequence for Algeria?
What will be the cost of all the treatments?
What will be the environmental consequences of Algeria's rapid urbanization?
What will be the fastest?
What will be the longer term impact on Algeria's economy?
What will be the new normal in Algeria?
What will be the new standard?
What will be will be!
What will become of Japan?
What will become of her?
What will become of him?
What will become of his children after his death?
What will become of me?
What will become of my dear Tullia?
What will become of my people?
What will become of our close relations if the bilateral security treaty expires?
What will become of our offspring if a nuclear war breaks out?
What will become of the child?
What will become of the children after his death?
What will become of the children now that both parents are dead?
What will become of the world thirty years hence?
What will become of us if a war breaks out?
What will become of us?
What will bring democracy back to Algeria?
What will change everything?
What will change if we do it tomorrow?
What will come of it?
What will come out of this?
What will come?
What will dessert be?
What will fuel Algeria's growth now?
What will future cities look like?
What will happen if I do this?
What will happen if I don't pull the parachute ring?
What will happen if Venice gains independence?
What will happen if mom doesn't give us any money?
What will happen if people hear about this?
What will happen if there is a power outage now?
What will happen if there's a power failure now?
What will happen if there’s power failure now?
What will happen if this gets out?
What will happen if we don’t act soon?
What will happen if we wait too long?
What will happen in 300 years?
What will happen in the eternal future that seems to have no purpose, but clearly just manifested by fate?
What will happen in the future no one can tell.
What will happen in the future, no one can tell.
What will happen next remains a mystery.
What will happen next time?
What will happen now?
What will happen then?
What will happen to Algeria when the oil goes out?
What will happen to Tom after you're gone?
What will happen to Tom now?
What will happen to Tom?
What will happen to eyebrows this year?
What will happen to her if her father is taken away?
What will happen to her?
What will happen to him?
What will happen to me?
What will happen to money when machines become smarter than people?
What will happen to other children?
What will happen to our children if nuclear war breaks out?
What will happen to the Japanese economy?
What will happen to the guy who attacked you?
What will happen to the survivors?
What will happen to this hospital?
What will happen to this school?
What will happen to us if an earthquake occurs?
What will happen to us if they catch us?
What will happen when I fail?
What will happen will happen.
What will happen with those who are laid off from work?
What will happen without me?
What will happen?
What will he be talking about?
What will he do?
What will he like?
What will he make?
What will he say?
What will he talk about?
What will help the Algerian economy develop?
What will it all cost?
What will it be of us?
What will it be replaced with?
What will it be when it's done?
What will it be when it's finished?
What will it be?
What will it profit Europe if it gains the whole world yet loses its soul? Europe is in danger of losing its soul.
What will it take to bring him down?
What will it take to get it through your head?
What will it take to get you to vote for me?
What will it take to stop the spread of Covid-19?
What will it take?
What will life be like in 2014?
What will life be like when we don't have to work to live?
What will losing the war mean to us?
What will my life be like from now on?
What will my parents think?
What will our descendants be like?
What will our future be like?
What will people think?
What will please her?
What will please him?
What will she do, do you think?
What will she do, in your opinion?
What will she like?
What will she say when she sees you in this place!
What will she say?
What will stop your hiccups?
What will teacher do this year?
What will that accomplish?
What will that achieve?
What will that change?
What will that prove?
What will the Japanese economy be like next year?
What will the city council do about it?
What will the dessert be?
What will the hairdressers keep hearing!
What will the neighbors say?
What will the neighbors think?
What will the neighbours say?
What will the neighbours think?
What will the new year bring?
What will the newspapers say?
What will the other lodgers think?
What will the other students think?
What will the postage be?
What will the second stage look like then?
What will the thesis of your first academic article be?
What will the trip cost?
What will the weather be like this week?
What will the weather be like today?
What will the weather be like tomorrow?
What will the weather be like?
What will the weather be tomorrow?
What will the world be like 200 years from now?
What will the world be like in 200 years?
What will the world be like in 2022?
What will the world be like thirty years from now?
What will the world look like a hundred years from now?
What will the world look like in the year 2300?
What will the world map look like after the collapse of the European Union and NATO?
What will they do to save Tom?
What will they do to us?
What will they do when they meet?
What will they do with Tom?
What will they do with these books?
What will they do without me?
What will they do?
What will they find?
What will they say?
What will they think of next?
What will things be like in three years?
What will this accomplish?
What will this buy me?
What will this end up to...
What will this mean for Edinburgh?
What will this new park be named?
What will tomorrow be? The beginning or the end?
What will tomorrow's weather be like?
What will transpire now?
What will we be doing this time next week?
What will we become?
What will we do about getting tables, chairs and such?
What will we do about it?
What will we do if he's late?
What will we do if it rains?
What will we do now that it’s over?
What will we do now, captain?
What will we do now?
What will we do today?
What will we do together today?
What will we do tomorrow if we finish this today?
What will we do tonight?
What will we do when she finds us?
What will we do with the leftover bread?
What will we do, when you get here?
What will we do?
What will we drink?
What will we eat tomorrow?
What will we eat?
What will we have for dinner tonight?
What will we play?
What will we tell Mary?
What will we tell Tom?
What will we tell the others?
What will you all be doing at the weekend?
What will you be doing at the weekend?
What will you be doing at this time tomorrow?
What will you be doing next weekend?
What will you be doing on vacation?
What will you be doing this summer?
What will you be doing this time tomorrow?
What will you be doing?
What will you be having for dinner tonight?
What will you be having?
What will you be reincarnated as?
What will you buy?
What will you choose?
What will you cook today?
What will you do after graduation?
What will you do after work?
What will you do back in Australia?
What will you do back in Boston?
What will you do first?
What will you do for Tom?
What will you do for a living if you can speak Quechua?
What will you do if he doesn't come?
What will you do if it's true?
What will you do if the secondhand stores and the flea markets don't take your books anymore?
What will you do if things don’t go as planned?
What will you do if you are not accepted to medical school this year? Have you an alternative career plan?
What will you do if you fail the exam?
What will you do in college?
What will you do in the meantime?
What will you do meanwhile?
What will you do now?
What will you do on Christmas Day?
What will you do on Friday?
What will you do on New Year's Day?
What will you do on Sunday?
What will you do on vacation?
What will you do over the holidays?
What will you do this afternoon?
What will you do this summer?
What will you do today?
What will you do tomorrow?
What will you do when the time comes?
What will you do when you grow up?
What will you do when you're back to full health?
What will you do when you're well again?
What will you do when you've recovered?
What will you do with all that cement you bought?
What will you do with the body, my lord?
What will you do with the furniture you bought in Japan when you go back to Germany?
What will you do with this camera?
What will you do with your first paycheck?
What will you do with your first salary?
What will you do with your money?
What will you do with your newfound powers?
What will you do?
What will you drink?
What will you eat for dinner tonight?
What will you eat for lunch?
What will you eat today?
What will you eat tomorrow morning?
What will you eat tomorrow?
What will you eat tonight?
What will you eat?
What will you gain by studying a foreign language other than English?
What will you give her?
What will you give me at my wedding?
What will you give me if I persuade Tom?
What will you give me in return?
What will you guys want?
What will you have engraved on your tombstone?
What will you have for an afternoon snack?
What will you have for breakfast?
What will you have for dinner tonight?
What will you have for dinner?
What will you have for lunch today?
What will you have to drink?
What will you have to eat?
What will you have?
What will you learn about Lojban today?
What will you leave behind?
What will you live on while you are there?
What will you look like when you get old?
What will you look like when you get older?
What will you make?
What will you miss about Boston?
What will you miss about your previous job?
What will you name the baby?
What will you need?
What will you offer to Tom?
What will you order in the restaurant?
What will you play for your piano recital?
What will you say then?
What will you say to him if he's late?
What will you say?
What will you take for this chair?
What will you tell Tom?
What will you tell her?
What will you use it for?
What will you wear tonight?
What will you wear?
What will you write about?
What will you write in this letter?
What will your children think?
What will your husband do for three days in Prague?
What will your husband think?
What will your mom say?
What will your neighbors think?
What will your neighbours think?
What will your parents say about this?
What will your wife think?
What window manager do you use?
What wine do you recommend?
What wine goes well with Brie?
What wine would you recommend?
What winter sports do you know?
What wisdom do the stars hold for you?
What wisdom does the night hold?
What wise words.
What with fatigue and hunger, he fell down as if he were dead.
What with fatigue and hunger, he was faint.
What with fatigue and lack of sleep, he has fallen ill at last.
What with fresh air and proper exercise, he recovered from his illness quickly.
What with good fortune, and his own effort, he won the first prize in the contest.
What with having no exercise and being overweight, he had a heart attack.
What with joy and shame, she blushed to the ears.
What with my business and private affairs, I am so busy.
What with overwork and lack of nourishment, he became very ill.
What with overwork and lack of sleep, she has lost her health.
What with overwork and little sleep at night, he fell ill.
What with overwork and poor meals, she fell ill.
What with overwork and what with little sleep at night, he fell ill.
What with the heat and the humidity, I didn't sleep well.
What with the heat and the humidity, I didn’t sleep well.
What with the heat and the humidity, he couldn't sleep well.
What with the heat and the humidity, he couldn’t sleep well.
What with the rain and a bad hotel, we didn't enjoy our holiday much.
What with the rain and a bad hotel, we didn’t enjoy our holiday much.
What with the visitors and all the extra housework, I've had a very busy week.
What with the wind and the rain, our trip was spoiled.
What with the wind and the rain, our walk was spoiled.
What with the wind and the rain, the game was spoiled.
What woke you up?
What woke you?
What wonderful flowers!
What wonderful news!
What wonderful prospect is waiting for you on the other side of the door? None!
What wonderful weather!
What word fits better here?
What word is that?
What word is this?
What word or sentence would you like to know in Portuguese?
What work do I have to do?
What work do you do?
What works for cities doesn't necessarily work elsewhere.
What works for me may not work for you.
What works for some doesn't necessarily work for others.
What worries me about religion is that it teaches people to be satisfied with not understanding.
What worries you now?
What would Algeria be without its oil?
What would Boston be without Tom?
What would Brian Boitano do?
What would German be without commas!
What would German be without commas?
What would Halloween be like without costumes?
What would I be without my nuclear warheads?
What would I do afterwards?
What would I do if something happened to you?
What would I do if tea didn't exist?
What would I do if there was no tea in the world?
What would I do if they really came?
What would I do if you died?!
What would I do with a family?
What would I do with one of those?
What would I do with that?
What would I do without Tom?
What would I do without her?
What would I do without him?
What would I do without them?
What would I do without you here?
What would I do without you?
What would I have to do to get you to help me?
What would I know about love?
What would I know about the sea?
What would I not do for him?
What would I not do to help you both out of the trouble?
What would I say to Tom?
What would I wear?
What would James do without Amanda?
What would Jehovah do?
What would Jesus do?
What would Jesus think about modern religious conservatives?
What would Jesus, peace be upon him, say if he saw this?
What would Ma say if she knew you associated with such common people!
What would Mary do if I wasn't here to tell her what to do?
What would Mary do if she found out?
What would Mary say if she walked in right now?
What would Mary say if she were here?
What would Mennad do?
What would Mennad have done?
What would Mennad say?
What would North America be like today if Russia had preserved their territory in Alaska?
What would Tatoeba be without Tom?
What would Tom actually want?
What would Tom and Mary do if I wasn't here to tell them what to do?
What would Tom and Mary do without me?
What would Tom and Mary do without us?
What would Tom and Mary do?
What would Tom and Mary say if they walked in right now?
What would Tom buy?
What would Tom do here all day?
What would Tom do if I wasn't here to tell him what to do?
What would Tom do if he ever learned the truth?
What would Tom do if he found out?
What would Tom do in Boston?
What would Tom do in my position?
What would Tom do now?
What would Tom do without me?
What would Tom do without us?
What would Tom do without you?
What would Tom do?
What would Tom have done first?
What would Tom have done in my place?
What would Tom have done?
What would Tom have said?
What would Tom know?
What would Tom need?
What would Tom pack?
What would Tom say about that?
What would Tom say about this?
What would Tom say if Mary did that?
What would Tom say if he walked in right now?
What would Tom say if he were alive today?
What would Tom say if he were here?
What would Tom say if it were him?
What would Tom say if we did that?
What would Tom say to this?
What would Tom say?
What would Tom suggest we do?
What would Tom think?
What would Tom want in return?
What would Tom want that for?
What would Tom want with me?
What would Tom want you to do?
What would Tom want?
What would Tom's motive be?
What would Uranus smell like?
What would Yanni be doing there?
What would Yanni gain from that?
What would Ziri do?
What would a Goth think of today's society?
What would a blind man desire, apart from light?
What would a cockroach do in a meeting room?
What would a good price for that be?
What would a million-year-old civilization be like?
What would a woman be doing in the middle of the woods alone at night?
What would an appropriate response be?
What would be a good birthday present for her?
What would be a good way to say this?
What would be an appropriate global lingua franca? One group's language or a constructed language?
What would be best for Tom?
What would be best for her?
What would be best for him?
What would be best for me?
What would be best for them?
What would be best for us?
What would be my day-to-day tasks?
What would be preferable?
What would be the best way to translate "허신" into Spanish?
What would be the consequence of that action?
What would be the consequences?
What would be the difference?
What would be the geopolitical consequences of a total war in Libya for Algeria?
What would be the motivation?
What would be the point?
What would be the ramification of the decision?
What would be the surprise?
What would be your advice?
What would be your chance of answering this question right if you chose one of the following possibilities at random? A: 25%, B: 50%, C: 0%, D: 25%.
What would become of our city if an earthquake were to hit it?
What would become of us if war should break out?
What would cause something like that?
What would cause that?
What would cause this?
What would driving a car be without doom metal?
What would get their attention?
What would happen if English didn't exist?
What would happen if I accepted Islam?
What would happen if I did that?
What would happen if I did this?
What would happen if I dug straight down there?
What would happen if I never brushed my teeth?
What would happen if I pressed this button?
What would happen if I pushed this button?
What would happen if I stopped taking this medicine?
What would happen if Pandora's box were open?
What would happen if Scooby Doo and Tintin worked together?
What would happen if Tom did that?
What would happen if Tom didn't do that?
What would happen if Ziri does that?
What would happen if a gorilla took steroids?
What would happen if a large asteroid struck the earth?
What would happen if a woman runs this country?
What would happen if all the people of the world lived like Americans?
What would happen if the Earth stopped spinning on its axis?
What would happen if the Mediterranean Sea dried out?
What would happen if the earth stopped spinning?
What would happen if the earth stopped turning?
What would happen if the human race goes extinct?
What would happen if the whole world were to live like Americans?
What would happen if two Toms accidentally bumped into each other?
What would happen if two powerful nations with different languages - such as United States and China - would agree upon the experimental teaching of Esperanto in elementary schools?
What would happen if we did that?
What would happen if we don't do what they ask?
What would happen if we just ignored Tom's request?
What would happen if we let the government control how children are brought up?
What would happen if we were silent? Or, it would be our party! Whatever we do, it's a dead end!
What would happen if you didn't do that?
What would happen if you didn't do what Tom told you to?
What would happen if you didn't go to school tomorrow?
What would happen if you found out your dentist had hired someone to take the test on molars for them? Or if the city engineer never took a bridge building class and was responsible for testing their structural integrity?
What would happen if you were high above Earth’s surface or in space without a protective pressure suit or spacesuit? Would you explode? Would your blood boil? Could you survive?
What would happen supposing the earth stopped spinning?
What would happen to the Algerian economy?
What would happen?
What would have happened if Peter Parker hadn't been bitten by a spider but a stoat?
What would have happened if Tom had come?
What would have happened if Tom had seen us?
What would have happened if Tom hadn't been there to help?
What would have happened if Tom hadn't done that?
What would have happened if Yanni couldn't understand Berber?
What would have happened if Yanni didn't call the cops?
What would have happened if we knew?
What would have happened to Gunter if he went down there?
What would have happened to Tom if he hadn't done that?
What would have happened to Tom if he hadn't left early?
What would have happened to Tom if he'd done that?
What would have happened to me if I hadn't done that?
What would have happened to me if I'd done that?
What would he do if he didn't pass the test?
What would he do?
What would he have done, had he not passed the exam?
What would he know?
What would he like to be in the future?
What would he like to do?
What would he like to make?
What would help you feel better now?
What would humans be without animals?
What would it be like if I fell into Uranus?
What would it be like to be on lockdown with no internet?
What would it cost to have this chair repaired?
What would it cost to mail this package to Boston?
What would it cost to repair this chair?
What would it matter in the long run?
What would it mean for Tom?
What would it take to get Tom back?
What would it take to get you to join our team?
What would it take to have this chair repaired?
What would it take?
What would keep us apart?
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?
What would life be like without electricity?
What would life be like without music?
What would life be like without the internet?
What would life be without hope?
What would life on Earth be like without gasoline?
What would make a date truly special for you?
What would make you happy?
What would make you say that?
What would my life be without you?
What would my life had been like if I hadn't gotten married with you?
What would our lives be like without electricity?
What would our lives be like without pizza?
What would people say if I did that?
What would people think if I didn't attend Tom's wedding?
What would people think if I didn't go to Tom's wedding?
What would people think if I weren't to attend Tom's wedding?
What would people think?
What would pique your interest?
What would she have said?
What would success look like to you?
What would that entail?
What would that mean?
What would the Flying Spaghetti Monster do?
What would the advantages be?
What would the correct response be?
What would the cost be?
What would the government's policies be if all politicians were honest?
What would the government's policies be if politicians couldn't be bribed?
What would the government's policies be if politicians refused bribes?
What would the king know of Diwali?
What would the new president do?
What would the others say?
What would the prince like?
What would the show be like without Tom Jackson?
What would the team be like without Tom?
What would the world be like if we all spoke the same language?
What would the world be like without women?
What would the world be without women?
What would the world do without tea?
What would they do without us?
What would they do?
What would this buy me?
What would this place be without Dan?
What would we do instead?
What would we do without Tom?
What would we do without Tom? He's simply the best!
What would we do without her?
What would we do without him?
What would we do without love?
What would we do without them?
What would we do without you, Ziri?
What would we do without you?
What would we do?
What would we have to offer Tom?
What would you advise Tom to do?
What would you advise me to do?
What would you advise them?
What would you advise, Tom?
What would you advise?
What would you all like to eat?
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
What would you attempt to do if you knew you couldn't fail?
What would you buy if you had 19 billion dollars?
What would you buy if you won the lottery?
What would you call it?
What would you call that?
What would you call the non-binary sibling of one of your parents?
What would you call your non-binary parent?
What would you change about yourself if you could?
What would you change about yourself?
What would you change if you could?
What would you change?
What would you choose for your last meal?
What would you choose?
What would you compare your parents to?
What would you consider your most significant accomplishment?
What would you do about Tom?
What would you do differently?
What would you do if I died?!
What would you do if I gave you a thousand dinars?
What would you do if I kissed you?
What would you do if I were untrue to you?
What would you do if I were untrue?
What would you do if I weren't here?
What would you do if Tom asked you to do that?
What would you do if Tom ever learned the truth?
What would you do if World War III happened?
What would you do if another war occurred?
What would you do if it was raining?
What would you do if that happened to you?
What would you do if that happened?
What would you do if the world was about to end?
What would you do if the world was ending tomorrow?
What would you do if the world was going to end tomorrow?
What would you do if the world were going to end tomorrow?
What would you do if the world were to come to an end tomorrow?
What would you do if this guy passed you on the street?
What would you do if this was your last day of life?
What would you do if this was your last day on Earth?
What would you do if this was your last day?
What would you do if war were to break out?
What would you do if you could live forever?
What would you do if you didn't have to work?
What would you do if you failed?
What would you do if you found a worm in an apple you were eating?
What would you do if you found out your best friend had stolen something from you?
What would you do if you had a billion dollars?
What would you do if you had a boyfriend?
What would you do if you had a million dollars?
What would you do if you had great wealth?
What would you do if you had half a year off?
What would you do if you had one year free?
What would you do if you had superpowers?
What would you do if you had ten million dinars?
What would you do if you had ten thousand dollars?
What would you do if you had three days left to live?
What would you do if you had three days to live?
What would you do if you had, say, ten thousand dollars?
What would you do if you heard there'd be a huge flood in your country?
What would you do if you knew you only had one year left to live?
What would you do if you lost your job?
What would you do if you met a lion here?
What would you do if you met a man from another planet?
What would you do if you met a person from another planet?
What would you do if you met an extraterrestrial?
What would you do if you retired?
What would you do if you saw Tom kissing your girlfriend?
What would you do if you saw a ghost?
What would you do if you saw a man from another planet?
What would you do if you turned into a nine year-old version of yourself overnight?
What would you do if you went blind?
What would you do if you were fired tomorrow?
What would you do if you were here now?
What would you do if you were in Tom's place?
What would you do if you were in Tom's position?
What would you do if you were in Tom's situation?
What would you do if you were in my place?
What would you do if you were in my position?
What would you do if you were in my shoes?
What would you do if you were invisible for a day?
What would you do if you were me?
What would you do if you were rich?
What would you do if you were ten years younger?
What would you do if you were young again?
What would you do if you weren't afraid?
What would you do if you won a million dollars?
What would you do if you won a million euros?
What would you do if you won ten million euros in the lottery?
What would you do if you won the lottery?
What would you do if your house was haunted?
What would you do in a situation like this, Tom?
What would you do in a situation like this?
What would you do in her position?
What would you do in his position?
What would you do in my place?
What would you do in my position?
What would you do in my shoes?
What would you do in my situation?
What would you do in that situation?
What would you do in the event of a zombie apocalypse?
What would you do in the final few hours before the end of the world?
What would you do in this circumstance?
What would you do in this situation?
What would you do in this type of situation?
What would you do instead?
What would you do next?
What would you do now?
What would you do with 100 euros if you found it in the street?
What would you do with a million dollars?
What would you do with millions of dollars?
What would you do with three hundred dollars?
What would you do without me?
What would you do without us?
What would you do, if you lost your job?
What would you do, if you should be taken ill?
What would you do, if you were me?
What would you do?
What would you eat?
What would you expect to see?
What would you fix?
What would you gain by doing that?
What would you gain by that?
What would you gain from that?
What would you get if I gave you a thousand dinars?
What would you get?
What would you give me for it?
What would you guys like to experience with Tom?
What would you have Tom and Mary do?
What would you have Tom do?
What would you have done differently?
What would you have done if Tom had done that to you?
What would you have done if that had happened to you?
What would you have done if you had been he?
What would you have done if you had been rich?
What would you have done if you had won a million euros?
What would you have done if you were me?
What would you have done in Tom's place?
What would you have done in her place?
What would you have done in his place?
What would you have done in my place?
What would you have done, Tom?
What would you have done?
What would you have expected?
What would you have her do?
What would you have him do?
What would you have me do?
What would you have me to do, Tom?
What would you have said to Tom?
What would you have said to him?
What would you have said?
What would you have them do?
What would you have to do if you won a million euros?
What would you have told Tom?
What would you have told her?
What would you have told him?
What would you have told them?
What would you have us do?
What would you know?
What would you like Santa to bring you?
What would you like Tom to do?
What would you like after dinner? Coffee, tea, or mint water?
What would you like for Christmas?
What would you like for breakfast?
What would you like for dessert, ice cream or fresh fruit?
What would you like for dessert: sorbet or fresh fruit?
What would you like for dessert?
What would you like for dinner?
What would you like for lunch?
What would you like for supper?
What would you like for your b-day?
What would you like her to do?
What would you like him to do?
What would you like in your roll?
What would you like me to buy?
What would you like me to call you?
What would you like me to cook for you?
What would you like me to do about it?
What would you like me to do for her?
What would you like me to do for him?
What would you like me to do for them?
What would you like me to do for you?
What would you like me to do now?
What would you like me to do today?
What would you like me to do tomorrow?
What would you like me to do with it?
What would you like me to do with this stuff?
What would you like me to do with this?
What would you like me to do?
What would you like me to make you for dinner?
What would you like me to say?
What would you like me to tell Tom?
What would you like next?
What would you like to accomplish with your piano lessons?
What would you like to be called?
What would you like to be in the future?
What would you like to be when you grow up?
What would you like to buy Tom for his birthday?
What would you like to buy your mother for her birthday?
What would you like to buy?
What would you like to change about yourself?
What would you like to change in your daily routine?
What would you like to change?
What would you like to do after you graduate?
What would you like to do after you've finished school?
What would you like to do after you've got your degree?
What would you like to do after you've left school?
What would you like to do as long as you're here?
What would you like to do first?
What would you like to do here?
What would you like to do in Boston?
What would you like to do in the future?
What would you like to do in the meantime?
What would you like to do now that you know?
What would you like to do now?
What would you like to do this afternoon?
What would you like to do this evening?
What would you like to do to calm down?
What would you like to do today?
What would you like to do tomorrow?
What would you like to do tonight?
What would you like to do while you're here in Australia?
What would you like to do while you're here in Boston?
What would you like to do while you're here?
What would you like to do while you're in Australia?
What would you like to do while you're in Boston?
What would you like to do while you’re here?
What would you like to do with Tom?
What would you like to do?
What would you like to drink today?
What would you like to drink, Tom? I'm having beer.
What would you like to drink, sir?
What would you like to drink?
What would you like to drink? Coffee?
What would you like to eat first?
What would you like to eat for dinner?
What would you like to eat if you knew the world was going to end today?
What would you like to eat if you knew the world would end today?
What would you like to eat today?
What would you like to eat?
What would you like to export?
What would you like to have for dinner?
What would you like to have?
What would you like to hear?
What would you like to know?
What would you like to learn?
What would you like to listen to?
What would you like to order?
What would you like to say about this?
What would you like to say to Algeria out there?
What would you like to say to Tom?
What would you like to say to me about Ziri?
What would you like to see first?
What would you like to see happen now?
What would you like to see happen?
What would you like to see?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to tell him?
What would you like to translate into Toki Pona?
What would you like us to do about it?
What would you like us to do with this?
What would you like us to do?
What would you like, ma'am?
What would you like: coffee or tea?
What would you like?
What would you like? Perhaps I could be of assistance?
What would you look to accomplish in the first 30 days on the job?
What would you make?
What would you miss the most? Are there alternatives?
What would you never do?
What would you normally do?
What would you pay for me to do that?
What would you pay me to do that?
What would you propose?
What would you rather I be doing?
What would you rather do, go to the cinema or stay at home?
What would you rather do, stay in or go for a walk?
What would you rather do?
What would you rather have at Christmas? Ham or turkey? Neither one, I'm vegan.
What would you really choose as a profession, if you could just consult your inclination?
What would you recommend that I do?
What would you recommend to Tom?
What would you recommend we eat?
What would you recommend?
What would you say about a hotel in the middle of the ocean?
What would you say if I did that?
What would you say if I told you I was quitting?
What would you say if I told you?
What would you say if somebody else wrote this sentence?
What would you say if there weren't any more fish?
What would you say if you were in my place?
What would you say if you were in this situation?
What would you say in Romanian?
What would you say in this context?
What would you say then?
What would you say to Tom?
What would you say to a cup of tea? That is, if you're not too busy.
What would you say to breakfast at McDonald's?
What would you say to convince him to buy one?
What would you say to going to have dinner in town?
What would you say to her?
What would you say to him?
What would you say to my treating you to dinner?
What would you say to scrambled eggs and bacon?
What would you say to someone else in your situation?
What would you say to sound like a male?
What would you say to sound like a man?
What would you say to that?
What would you say to them?
What would you say to watching a movie at night?
What would you say?
What would you sing at Karaoke night?
What would you spend all your money on?
What would you suggest I buy?
What would you suggest I do?
What would you suggest I give Tom?
What would you suggest I order?
What would you suggest I say?
What would you suggest I write?
What would you suggest doing?
What would you suggest that I do?
What would you suggest that I get Tom for his birthday?
What would you suggest that we do first?
What would you suggest that we do?
What would you suggest we do first?
What would you suggest we do?
What would you suggest we eat?
What would you suggest we talk about?
What would you suggest?
What would you take for the lot?
What would you take?
What would you tell Tom to do?
What would you tell Tom?
What would you tell her to do?
What would you tell her?
What would you tell him to do?
What would you tell him?
What would you tell them to do?
What would you tell them?
What would you think if I did that?
What would you think if I didn't come?
What would you think if I didn't do that?
What would you think if Tom did that?
What would you think if Tom didn't do that?
What would you think of this situation?
What would you want for them?
What would you want to do?
What would you want to drink?
What would you want to eat?
What would you wish for if you had one wish?
What would your boyfriend do if he found out?
What would your direct reports say about you?
What would your dream home look like?
What would your father think?
What would your friends think about you?
What would your friends think if they saw you now?
What would your girlfriend do if she found out?
What would your ideal future look like?
What would your ideal job be?
What would your ideal world look like?
What would your mom do if you're late?
What would your mother say?
What would your mother think if she saw you like this?
What would your mother think?
What would your parents be most surprised to learn about you?
What would your previous employers say about you?
What would your solution be?
What would your wife say if she knows that you've converted to Islam?
What would your wife think of this?
What would've happened if Tom had come?
What would've happened if Tom had seen us?
What would've happened if Tom hadn't been there to help?
What would've happened if Tom hadn't been there.
What would've happened if Tom hadn't been there?
What would've happened if Tom hadn't done that?
What would've happened to Mary if she hadn't done that?
What would've happened to Mary if she'd done that?
What would've happened to Tom and Mary if they hadn't done that?
What would've happened to Tom and Mary if they'd done that?
What would've happened to Tom if he hadn't done that?
What would've happened to Tom if he hadn't left early?
What would've happened to Tom if he'd done that?
What would've happened to me if I hadn't done that?
What would've happened to me if I'd done that?
What wouldn't I do for her?
What wrong did you receive from me, that you are now scheming against me?
What year are you in at school?
What year are you in school?
What year are you in?
What year did you finish from school?
What year did you graduate from university?
What year do you think I was born in?
What year is it?
What year is this calendar from?
What year is this?
What year is your son in?
What year of medical school are you in?
What year was it that the Berlin Wall fell?
What year was that piece made?
What year was the school built?
What year was your car made?
What year were you born in?
What year were you born?
What yesterday was a dream is today a reality.
What you are asking me is quite impossible.
What you are doing is bad.
What you are doing is now far more dangerous than what Tom did.
What you are doing is now much more dangerous than what Tom did.
What you are doing is wrong.
What you are doing there is punishable.
What you are is more important than what you have.
What you are looking at right now is an orange.
What you are saying can't be faulted.
What you are saying does not make sense.
What you are saying doesn't make sense.
What you are saying doesn’t make sense.
What you are saying here is serious.
What you are saying is absolutely wrong.
What you are saying is equal to "no", isn't it?
What you are saying is equal to "no", isn’t it?
What you are saying is nothing but building a castle in the air.
What you are saying is very important.
What you are saying makes absolutely no sense to me.
What you are suggesting is simply ridiculous.
What you are telling me about Liisa is quite out of character.
What you are thinking about moving doesn't need to be moved.
What you are thinking about moving doesn’t need to be moved.
What you are writing here is true.
What you are, I once was; what I am, you will become.
What you are, you do not see, what you see is your shadow.
What you asked me to do wasn't possible.
What you believe deep down has absolutely no effect on the world.
What you believe deep down is a personal matter, unless it manifests in your behavior.
What you believe you can achieve.
What you call a 'charm', you know, is what girls wish upon that they may get together with the person they love and such like.
What you call a ’charm’, you know, is what girls wish upon that they may get together with the person they love and such like.
What you call love is nothing more than just attraction.
What you can do, I can, too.
What you can't have is better than what you have.
What you cannot afford to buy, do without.
What you decided to do is insane.
What you did brought disgrace on the whole class.
What you did caused a lot of problems.
What you did caused me a lot of problems.
What you did didn't surprise anyone.
What you did for me changed my life.
What you did for me completely transformed my life.
What you did for me meant a lot to me.
What you did helped a lot.
What you did helped us a lot.
What you did is against the rules.
What you did is good.
What you did is illegal.
What you did is immoral.
What you did is laudable.
What you did is probably going to impress Tom.
What you did is very serious.
What you did made Tom angry.
What you did made Tom cry.
What you did made Tom happy.
What you did made Tom laugh.
What you did made Tom smile.
What you did made a lot of people angry.
What you did made a lot of people uncomfortable.
What you did needed to be done.
What you did to Tom was cruel.
What you did took courage.
What you did took guts.
What you did was a big help.
What you did was a good thing.
What you did was dishonest.
What you did was exactly what needed to be done.
What you did was illegal.
What you did was irresponsible.
What you did was really cool.
What you did was really stupid.
What you did was rude.
What you did was very brave.
What you did was very dangerous and very stupid.
What you did was wrong.
What you did was wrong. Stop and think about it for a moment.
What you did wasn't good enough, was it?
What you did wasn't good enough.
What you did wasn't the right thing to do.
What you did wasn't very friendly.
What you did will probably impress Tom.
What you did will save me the trouble of doing it.
What you dislike for yourself, O man of piety; How can you wish it for your brother, in truth, O he?
What you do badly here on earth, you will reap later.
What you do doesn't bother me.
What you do doesn't matter to me.
What you do for yourself and your health, you do it for your friends as well.
What you do in your own time is none of my business.
What you do is important.
What you do is more important than what you say.
What you do is unfair.
What you do is up to you.
What you do matters more than what you say.
What you do matters more than what you say; be consistent!
What you do matters.
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.
What you do not want to happen to you, do not do it yourself either.
What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear what you say.
What you do with it is up to you.
What you do with them is up to you.
What you do with what is left.
What you don't have is better than what you do have.
What you don't know can hurt you.
What you don't know can't hurt you.
What you don't know won't hurt you.
What you don't learn from your mother, you will learn from the world.
What you don't realise is that I was coerced into doing it.
What you don't see and hear with your own ears and eyes might be true, but it might also not be true.
What you don't want to do is make Tom angry.
What you don’t have is better than what you do have.
What you don’t see and hear with your own ears and eyes might be true, but it might also not be true.
What you eat and drink before bed can affect your sleep.
What you eat, or what kind of life you live, are decided by you alone.
What you feed your hedgehog is up to you.
What you get from afar is tasty.
What you get from far is tasty.
What you give to the wicked, you always regret.
What you give, you will get it back.
What you go looking for, you will find.
What you guys are doing doesn't interest me.
What you have come to know, preserve by exercise; what you have not learned, seek to add to your knowledge; for it is as reprehensible to hear a profitable saying and not grasp it as to be offered a good gift by one's friends and not accept it.
What you have done is absolutely inexcusable.
What you have done is not good.
What you have got is a cold, not the flu.
What you have in your heart is on your face.
What you have is a common cold, not the flu.
What you have just said reminds me of an old saying.
What you have said applies only to single women.
What you have said doesn't apply to you.
What you have said doesn’t apply to you.
What you have said reminds me of a strange experience I had a few years ago.
What you have to do tomorrow - do today; what you have to eat today - eat tomorrow.
What you have to do, do it now.
What you just put in your mouth is poison.
What you just said about yourself is true for me too.
What you just said doesn't make any sense.
What you just said doesn't make sense.
What you just said is blasphemous.
What you just said is irrelevant.
What you just said isn't relevant.
What you just suggested makes much more sense than what Tom suggested.
What you know about the subject is superficial, Tom.
What you know cannot hurt you.
What you know, you know, what you don't know, you don't know.
What you lack is stamina.
What you lack is technique.
What you least expect is what will happen, you'll see.
What you live through in your childhood is something you carry with you when you grow up.
What you love is always beautiful.
What you make is small potatoes compared to the boss's salary.
What you must learn to do, you learn by doing.
What you need is a brandy.
What you need is a friend.
What you need is a good home-cooked meal.
What you need is a good long holiday.
What you need is a good night's sleep.
What you need is a man in your life.
What you need is already within you; stop searching elsewhere.
What you need is another brandy.
What you need is clarity.
What you need is staying power.
What you need is, in a word, patience.
What you need the most now is courage.
What you need to do next is fill out this application form.
What you need to take part in business management is the team spirit to work with many colleagues.
What you propose is impossible.
What you resist, persists.
What you said about Tom isn't true.
What you said about Tom was nice.
What you said at the meeting made a lot of people angry.
What you said at the meeting today was very inspiring.
What you said convinced Tom.
What you said convinced her.
What you said convinced him.
What you said convinced me.
What you said convinced them.
What you said convinced us.
What you said didn't happen.
What you said didn't have anything to do with the issue.
What you said didn't make any sense.
What you said does not apply to this case.
What you said does not make sense.
What you said doesn't make sense.
What you said earlier at that table really moved me.
What you said has no meaning.
What you said hurt Tom's feelings.
What you said hurt my feelings.
What you said is absolute nonsense.
What you said is absurd.
What you said is also true of this case.
What you said is baloney.
What you said is complete nonsense.
What you said is completely correct.
What you said is correct.
What you said is not true.
What you said is right in a sense, but it made her angry.
What you said is right on.
What you said is the truth.
What you said is totally accurate.
What you said is true.
What you said is, in a sense, true.
What you said isn't true.
What you said left a deep impression on me.
What you said made Tom angry.
What you said made Tom cry.
What you said made Tom laugh.
What you said made Tom mad.
What you said made Tom smile.
What you said made a lot of sense.
What you said made everybody angry.
What you said made everyone angry.
What you said made her angry.
What you said made him angry.
What you said made me angry.
What you said made me mad.
What you said made them angry.
What you said made us angry.
What you said makes absolutely no sense to me.
What you said makes no sense.
What you said needed to be said.
What you said really got me thinking.
What you said really got through to Tom.
What you said really hurt Tom.
What you said shocked everybody.
What you said shocked everyone.
What you said surprised me.
What you said to Mary made her angry.
What you said to Tom and Mary made them angry.
What you said to Tom made him angry.
What you said to her isn't accepted as a joke.
What you said to her isn’t accepted as a joke.
What you said was completely missing the point.
What you said was disgusting.
What you said was disrespectful.
What you said was false.
What you said was impolite.
What you said was in the main right.
What you said was nothing but lies.
What you said was rude.
What you said was very funny.
What you said was very interesting.
What you said wasn't true.
What you said wasn't very polite.
What you said yesterday was true.
What you saw was a dolphin.
What you say and what you do are different.
What you say does not affect me anymore.
What you say does not bear on our problem.
What you say does not make any sense to me.
What you say doesn't have anything to do with the issue.
What you say is correct.
What you say is false.
What you say is impossible.
What you say is just nuts!
What you say is more important than how you say it.
What you say is neither here nor there.
What you say is not true.
What you say is partly true.
What you say is quite different from what I heard from him.
What you say is quite wide of the mark.
What you say is right.
What you say is simply ridiculous.
What you say is true in a sense.
What you say is true, but you've missed the point of my argument.
What you say is true.
What you say is usually true.
What you say is very important.
What you say leaves me cold.
What you say makes absolutely no sense to me.
What you say makes no sense.
What you say may be true, but it does not help me now at all.
What you say may be true...
What you say now isn't consistent with what you said before.
What you say now isn’t consistent with what you said before.
What you say sounds nice, but it's still wrong.
What you see above the water is just the tip of the iceberg.
What you see is what you get.
What you see is what you want.
What you see isn't always the truth.
What you see may not be the whole truth.
What you see on the edge of the woods is not a tent, but rather a haystack.
What you smell now is the scent of nightmares.
What you spend time doing in your childhood affects the rest of your life.
What you suspect is true.
What you tell Tom is up to you.
What you think doesn't signify at all.
What you think doesn’t signify at all.
What you think is irrelevant.
What you think is very important to me.
What you think means nothing to me.
What you think of in the day, appears in your dream at night.
What you think of me is unimportant to me.
What you told me is absolutely disgusting. Why isn't anyone doing anything about that?
What you told me wasn't true.
What you want and what you need are two different things.
What you want doesn't matter anymore.
What you want doesn't really matter.
What you want from me?
What you want is not possible.
What you want is the most important thing.
What you want isn't possible.
What you want to ignite in others has to be burning within yourself.
What you were taught is wrong.
What you will find is nothing more than an old, empty house.
What you wish to ignite in another must burn inside you.
What you would not like for yourself, do not wish it for others.
What you write and how you write can change your life.
What you write and how you write it can change your life.
What you'd like me to do is help you find your wife, right?
What you're about to learn just might shock you.
What you're about to learn might shock you.
What you're about to see may disturb you.
What you're actually against is queer people calling out the ways heterosexual society marginalizes us for our sex and love lives.
What you're asking is impossible.
What you're asking me to do is impossible.
What you're asking me to do is well above my paygrade.
What you're asking us to do is impossible.
What you're asking us to do will likely not be possible.
What you're cooking is making my mouth water.
What you're cooking smells good.
What you're doing doesn't bother me at all.
What you're doing doesn't bother me.
What you're doing doesn't interest me.
What you're doing is against the law.
What you're doing is bothering me.
What you're doing is commendable.
What you're doing is dangerous.
What you're doing is driving me crazy.
What you're doing is good.
What you're doing is hurting more than helping.
What you're doing is illegal.
What you're doing is irresponsible!
What you're doing is irresponsible.
What you're doing is irritating.
What you're doing is just a waste of time.
What you're doing is like stealing from a church.
What you're doing is making me nervous.
What you're doing is making the problem worse.
What you're doing is scaring Tom.
What you're doing is so noisy that I can't hear what you're saying.
What you're doing is unethical.
What you're doing is unforgivable.
What you're doing is useless, but do it.
What you're doing is wrong.
What you're doing isn't a good idea.
What you're doing isn't healthy.
What you're doing isn't helping.
What you're doing isn't safe.
What you're doing makes me happy.
What you're doing makes me nervous.
What you're doing now is irritating.
What you're doing now is unnecessary.
What you're doing now isn't helping.
What you're doing probably won't help.
What you're doing right now is a crime.
What you're doing right now is a felony.
What you're doing right now is impolite.
What you're doing seems way more dangerous than what I'm doing.
What you're doing there is irresponsible!
What you're doing won't help anything.
What you're doing won't help at all.
What you're doing won't help.
What you're eating isn't healthy.
What you're feeling is wrong.
What you're feeling isn't real.
What you're going to hear about Algeria might surprise you.
What you're looking for is in a box in the basement.
What you're looking for is in a cardboard box on Tom's desk.
What you're looking for is in the closet.
What you're looking for is in the kitchen.
What you're looking for is in the top drawer.
What you're looking for is on the bottom shelf.
What you're looking for is over there.
What you're looking for is right here.
What you're looking for shouldn't be too hard to find.
What you're now saying doesn't tally with what you said before.
What you're planning on doing is dangerous.
What you're planning to do is dangerous.
What you're planning to do is likely to get you killed.
What you're planning to do is very dangerous.
What you're planning to do isn't going to help.
What you're proposing is ridiculous.
What you're saying doesn't make any sense to me.
What you're saying doesn't make sense.
What you're saying is absolutely true.
What you're saying is absolutely wrong.
What you're saying is completely true.
What you're saying is incorrect.
What you're saying is interesting but hardly germane to the topic at hand.
What you're saying is just puffery to feed my ego.
What you're saying is meaningless.
What you're saying is not factually true.
What you're saying is perfectly true.
What you're saying is perfectly viable, but I can't shake off my unease.
What you're saying is pure fabrication.
What you're saying is right but, believe me, you're going to catch a lot of heat for it.
What you're saying is so true.
What you're saying is true.
What you're saying is untrue.
What you're saying is very important.
What you're saying is very serious. Do you realize that?
What you're saying is very true.
What you're saying is wrong.
What you're saying isn't logical.
What you're saying isn't making any sense.
What you're saying isn't true.
What you're saying makes no sense.
What you're saying now doesn't tally with what you said earlier.
What you're saying now has nothing to do with the question.
What you're saying sounds good, but it's wrong all the same.
What you're saying to me is totally different from what I've heard from him.
What you're seeing and what you're reading is not what's happening.
What you're smelling is couscous.
What you're suggesting doesn't seem feasible.
What you're suggesting doesn't sound like it'll work.
What you're suggesting is just not practical.
What you're suggesting is simply ridiculous.
What you're suggesting is stupid.
What you're suggesting we do is absolutely impossible.
What you're suggesting we do won't work.
What you're suggesting won't work.
What you're talking about happened a long time ago.
What you're talking about is more important than how you say it.
What you're telling me is completely different from what he said.
What you're telling me is totally different from what I heard from him.
What you're thinking about moving doesn't need to be moved.
What you're wearing is inappropriate.
What you're wearing isn't appropriate for where we're going.
What you're wearing on your feet don't meet safety guidelines.
What you've already done is enough.
What you've asked me to do is impossible.
What you've done doesn't make me happy.
What you've done is absolutely inexcusable.
What you've done is enough.
What you've done is profitable only to the enemy.
What you've done is unethical.
What you've heard about me isn't true.
What you've heard is true, unfortunately.
What you've heard is, unfortunately, true.
What you've just said about Tom is ridiculous.
What you've just told me chimes in with what I heard yesterday.
What you've said is completely correct.
What you've said is totally accurate.
What you've told me has been very useful.
What you've written isn't actually wrong, but it leaves out some important facts.
What your favorite color for shoelaces?
What your heart desires, I don't think will ever happen.
What you’re saying is perfectly viable, but I can’t shake off my unease.
What you’re saying is right but, believe me, you’re going to catch a lot of heat for it.
What you’re saying isn’t logical.
What you’re talking about is more important than how you say it.
What you’ve done is profitable only to the enemy.
What you’ve just been saying is utterly impossible.
What you’ve just told me chimes in with what I heard yesterday.
What zoo did Robert escape from?
What!
What! Holk had a son? But he was not married.
What! Is this true?
What! This T-shirt is 3,000 yen? This is a rip-off!
What! You didn't really do that?
What! You didn’t really do that?
What! You going to take her side again!?
What! You had donkeys in your school?
What! You've eaten my chocolate bear?
What! You’ve eaten my chocolate bear?
What!? How could such a civilised man say such a thing! My monocle has fallen from its rightful perch! You ought to be ashamed of yourself!
What!? I can't see anything good about him. Doesn't he just break all the girls' hearts?
What!? You ate my chocolate bear?
What'd I do?
What'd be of us without love?
What'd she say?
What'd the doctor say?
What'd you do?
What'd you get up to this week?
What'd you go and do that for?
What'd you say?
What'd you scratch me for?
What'd you use?
What'll I do if Tom dies?
What'll I find in the box?
What'll I have to do?
What'll I need?
What'll I tell Tom?
What'll I tell her?
What'll I tell him?
What'll I tell them?
What'll Mary do when she gets to Boston?
What'll Sara be doing in Baghdad?
What'll Tom and Mary do about it?
What'll Tom and Mary do next?
What'll Tom and Mary do now?
What'll Tom and Mary do tomorrow?
What'll Tom and Mary do when they get to Boston?
What'll Tom and Mary do with it?
What'll Tom and Mary do with that?
What'll Tom and Mary do?
What'll Tom be allowed to do?
What'll Tom be doing in Australia?
What'll Tom be doing in Boston?
What'll Tom be doing tomorrow?
What'll Tom bring?
What'll Tom buy?
What'll Tom do about it?
What'll Tom do about that?
What'll Tom do if Mary doesn't show up?
What'll Tom do next?
What'll Tom do now?
What'll Tom do to us?
What'll Tom do tomorrow morning?
What'll Tom do tomorrow?
What'll Tom do when he gets to Australia?
What'll Tom do when he gets to Boston?
What'll Tom do with it?
What'll Tom do with that?
What'll Tom do without Mary?
What'll Tom do?
What'll Tom give to Mary?
What'll Tom say about this?
What'll Tom say to Mary?
What'll Tom say?
What'll Tom show Mary?
What'll Tom talk about?
What'll Tom think of next?
What'll Tom think?
What'll Tom win?
What'll Tom's next move be?
What'll actually happen is anyone's guess.
What'll appeal to our audience?
What'll be happening on Monday?
What'll be next?
What'll become of Japan?
What'll become of Tom?
What'll become of me?
What'll become of the children now that both parents are dead?
What'll become of us?
What'll change?
What'll come next?
What'll grow in this soil?
What'll happen if I do this?
What'll happen if I fail?
What'll happen if I push this button?
What'll happen if Tom doesn't take his medicine?
What'll happen if Tom finds them?
What'll happen is anyone's guess.
What'll happen next is unknown.
What'll happen next isn't clear.
What'll happen next?
What'll happen now?
What'll happen to Tom and Mary?
What'll happen to Tom if he's found guilty?
What'll happen to Tom if his parents are put in prison?
What'll happen to Tom now?
What'll happen to Tom?
What'll happen to her now?
What'll happen to her?
What'll happen to him now?
What'll happen to him?
What'll happen to it?
What'll happen to me?
What'll happen to the guy who attacked you?
What'll happen to them now?
What'll happen to them?
What'll happen to us now?
What'll happen to us?
What'll happen to you if you don't obey Tom?
What'll happen to you now?
What'll happen to you?
What'll happen to your family if you die?
What'll happen tonight?
What'll happen?
What'll he say?
What'll it be like?
What'll it be replaced with?
What'll it be, Tom?
What'll it be, in a bottle or draft?
What'll it be?
What'll it cost have this tree cut down?
What'll it cost me?
What'll it cost you?
What'll it cost?
What'll our future be like?
What'll she say?
What'll that change?
What'll that cost?
What'll that solve?
What'll the outcome be?
What'll the results be?
What'll the weather be like this afternoon?
What'll the weather be like tomorrow?
What'll the weather be like?
What'll they do to Tom?
What'll they do to her?
What'll they do to him?
What'll they do to save Tom?
What'll they do to you?
What'll they do when they get there?
What'll they say?
What'll they think of next?
What'll this accomplish?
What'll this change?
What'll tomorrow's weather be like?
What'll we be having for dessert?
What'll we call it?
What'll we do after this?
What'll we do if Tom and Mary are late?
What'll we do if Tom and Mary don't do that?
What'll we do if Tom doesn't come?
What'll we do if Tom doesn't do that?
What'll we do if Tom doesn't show up?
What'll we do if Tom is late?
What'll we do if Tom quits?
What'll we do if it rains?
What'll we do if it's raining?
What'll we do if someone sees us?
What'll we do if that happens?
What'll we do next?
What'll we do now?
What'll we do today?
What'll we do tomorrow if we finish this today?
What'll we do when we get there?
What'll we do with the leftover bread?
What'll we do?
What'll we drink?
What'll we give Tom?
What'll we give them?
What'll we have for dinner?
What'll we have to do?
What'll we talk about?
What'll we tell Tom?
What'll we tell the others?
What'll you and Tom do?
What'll you be doing New Year's Eve?
What'll you be doing after this?
What'll you be doing at this time tomorrow?
What'll you be doing next Monday?
What'll you be doing on Monday?
What'll you be doing over Christmas break?
What'll you be doing over the weekend?
What'll you be doing the day after tomorrow?
What'll you be doing this summer?
What'll you be doing this weekend?
What'll you be doing tomorrow night?
What'll you be doing tomorrow?
What'll you be doing?
What'll you be eating for dinner tonight?
What'll you buy?
What'll you call it?
What'll you cook today?
What'll you do about it?
What'll you do about that?
What'll you do after graduation?
What'll you do after school today?
What'll you do after this class?
What'll you do after we finish doing this?
What'll you do after work today?
What'll you do after work?
What'll you do after you graduate?
What'll you do back in Australia?
What'll you do first?
What'll you do if I don't give you my permission?
What'll you do if Tom does that?
What'll you do if Tom doesn't do that?
What'll you do if it rains?
What'll you do if it snows?
What'll you do if nobody shows up?
What'll you do if someone sees you?
What'll you do if that happens?
What'll you do if that's true?
What'll you do if we run out of drinks?
What'll you do if you can't find enough food to feed your family?
What'll you do next?
What'll you do now?
What'll you do on Halloween?
What'll you do on Monday?
What'll you do the day after tomorrow?
What'll you do then?
What'll you do there?
What'll you do this weekend?
What'll you do to Tom?
What'll you do to me if I don't do that?
What'll you do to them?
What'll you do to us?
What'll you do today?
What'll you do tomorrow night?
What'll you do tomorrow?
What'll you do tonight?
What'll you do when Tom and Mary get here?
What'll you do when Tom gets here?
What'll you do when that happens?
What'll you do when you get there?
What'll you do when you grow up?
What'll you do with Tom?
What'll you do with it?
What'll you do with this camera?
What'll you do?
What'll you drink, Tom?
What'll you drink?
What'll you eat for dinner tonight?
What'll you eat for lunch?
What'll you eat today?
What'll you eat tomorrow?
What'll you eat?
What'll you get Tom for Christmas?
What'll you get Tom for his birthday?
What'll you get her for her birthday?
What'll you get him for his birthday?
What'll you give Tom for Christmas?
What'll you give Tom?
What'll you give her?
What'll you give him?
What'll you give me for this?
What'll you give me?
What'll you give them?
What'll you give us?
What'll you guys do?
What'll you have for dinner tonight?
What'll you have for lunch?
What'll you have to drink?
What'll you have?
What'll you leave behind?
What'll you live on?
What'll you make for lunch tomorrow?
What'll you name the baby?
What'll you need?
What'll you pack?
What'll you pay me if I do that for you?
What'll you take with you to drink?
What'll you take with you?
What'll you tell Tom?
What'll you tell her?
What'll you tell him?
What'll you tell them?
What'll you tell your parents?
What'll you wear tomorrow?
What'll you wear?
What'll you write about?
What'll your choice be?
What're Tom and Mary doing here?
What're Tom and Mary doing there by themselves?
What're Tom and Mary doing?
What're Tom and Mary going to do after they graduate?
What're Tom and Mary going to do when they finish school?
What're Tom and Mary planning to do after they graduate from college?
What're Tom and Mary planning to do after they retire?
What're Tom and Mary planning?
What're the Whigs called nowadays?
What're the chances I'll actually get the job?
What're the chances I'll be able to do that?
What're the chances I'll get injured?
What're the chances I'll meet Tom there?
What're the chances Tom will be able to do that?
What're the chances Tom will do that?
What're the chances Tom will have to do that?
What're the chances Tom will know the answer?
What're the chances Tom will tell me what I want to know?
What're the chances Tom will want to do that with us?
What're the chances Tom will want to do that?
What're the chances Tom will win?
What're the chances that I'll actually get the job?
What're the chances that I'll be able to do that?
What're the chances that I'll get injured?
What're the chances that I'll meet Tom there?
What're the chances that Tom will actually get the job?
What're the chances that Tom will be able to do that?
What're the chances that Tom will do that?
What're the chances that Tom will have to do that?
What're the chances that Tom will know the answer?
What're the chances that Tom will tell me what I want to know?
What're the chances that Tom will want to do that with us?
What're the chances that Tom will want to do that?
What're the chances that Tom will win?
What're the chances that you will be in Boston next Monday?
What're the chances that you'll be there?
What're the chances you will be in Boston next Monday?
What're the chances you'll be there?
What're the facts?
What're the odds?
What're the terms?
What're they building?
What're they doing?
What're they going to do to Tom and Mary?
What're they planning?
What're they up to?
What're those things you're carrying there?
What're we doing here, Tom?
What're we doing here?
What're we doing in here?
What're we doing tonight?
What're we going to cook today?
What're we going to do with it?
What're we going to do?
What're we looking for?
What're we missing?
What're we supposed to do now?
What're we supposed to do with that?
What're we up to now?
What're we waiting for?
What're you after?
What're you all doing in the library?
What're you all dressed up for?
What're you all looking at?
What're you asking?
What're you babbling about?
What're you baking?
What're you counting?
What're you discussing?
What're you doing Monday?
What're you doing about this?
What're you doing by yourself?
What're you doing for Christmas?
What're you doing for the break?
What're you doing here so late at night?
What're you doing here so late?
What're you doing here?
What're you doing here? You're supposed to be with Tom.
What're you doing in Australia?
What're you doing in Boston?
What're you doing in here?
What're you doing in my apartment?
What're you doing in my house?
What're you doing in my office?
What're you doing in my room?
What're you doing in this park?
What're you doing later?
What're you doing now?
What're you doing on Monday?
What're you doing out here?
What're you doing sitting here alone in the dark?
What're you doing there?
What're you doing to Tom?
What're you doing to her?
What're you doing to him?
What're you doing today?
What're you doing tomorrow night?
What're you doing tonight?
What're you doing up here?
What're you doing up?
What're you doing with Tom's computer?
What're you doing with Tom's stuff?
What're you doing with my car?
What're you doing with that?
What're you doing with this?
What're you doing with those things?
What're you doing with those?
What're you doing, Tom?
What're you doing?
What're you drinking?
What're you eating?
What're you getting all excited about?
What're you getting at?
What're you going to be when you grow up?
What're you going to do about it?
What're you going to do about these cockroaches?
What're you going to do about these rats?
What're you going to do about this?
What're you going to do after school today?
What're you going to do after you catch Tom?
What're you going to do during your summer vacation?
What're you going to do next?
What're you going to do now?
What're you going to do on Friday?
What're you going to do once you're qualified?
What're you going to do this weekend?
What're you going to do with Tom?
What're you going to do with all that money?
What're you going to do with all this?
What're you going to do with it?
What're you going to do with that?
What're you going to do?
What're you going to eat?
What're you going to say?
What're you going to tell Tom?
What're you going to tell her?
What're you going to tell him?
What're you going to tell them?
What're you gonna do?
What're you good at?
What're you guys doing here?
What're you guys doing later?
What're you guys looking for?
What're you guys planning on doing later?
What're you hiding behind your back?
What're you hunting?
What're you in such a hurry for?
What're you insinuating?
What're you laughing at?
What're you listening to?
What're you looking at, Tom?
What're you looking at?
What're you looking for?
What're you planning now?
What're you planning on doing after you graduate from high school?
What're you planning on doing after you retire?
What're you planning to do after you graduate from high school?
What're you planning to do after you retire?
What're you planning to do?
What're you planning to wear to the party?
What're you planning?
What're you reading?
What're you referring to?
What're you saying, Tom?
What're you saying?
What're you singing?
What're you smiling at?
What're you so happy about?
What're you so nervous about?
What're you standing there for?
What're you staring at?
What're you talking about?
What're you thinking about?
What're you thinking?
What're you trying to do?
What're you trying to say?
What're you two doing?
What're you up to now?
What're you up to today?
What're you up to tonight?
What're you up to?
What're you waiting for from me?
What're you waiting for?
What're you watching?
What're you working on?
What're you writing?
What're your plans for October 20th?
What're your plans for the future?
What're your plans for the weekend?
What're your plans for this afternoon?
What're your plans for tomorrow?
What're your plans for tonight?
What're your plans?
What're your recommendations?
What're your thoughts?
What's "arroz a banda"?
What's "femininity"? That word's not in my dictionary.
What's "manliness"? That word's not in our dictionaries.
What's "owl" in Greek?
What's 'thank you' in Berber?
What's 5,814 rounded to the nearest thousand?
What's Albania's future within Europe?
What's Algeria doing to alleviate poverty?
What's Algeria doing to combat desertification?
What's Algeria doing to reduce its greenhouse gases?
What's Algeria famous for?
What's Algeria public deficit?
What's Algeria using its foreign exchange reserves for?
What's Algeria's GDP annual growth?
What's Algeria's GDP growth?
What's Algeria's GDP per capita?
What's Algeria's GDP?
What's Algeria's ability to access dollars?
What's Algeria's annual economic growth rate?
What's Algeria's annual growth rate?
What's Algeria's annual growth?
What's Algeria's annual population growth?
What's Algeria's attitude to Libya?
What's Algeria's average GDP per capita?
What's Algeria's average economic growth?
What's Algeria's average inflation rate?
What's Algeria's average unemployment rate?
What's Algeria's biggest bank?
What's Algeria's biggest private employers?
What's Algeria's biggest source of direct foreign investment?
What's Algeria's birth rate?
What's Algeria's budget deficit?
What's Algeria's capital?
What's Algeria's carbon footprint?
What's Algeria's currency?
What's Algeria's economic freedom score?
What's Algeria's economic policy?
What's Algeria's economic system?
What's Algeria's estimated debt burden?
What's Algeria's fertility rate?
What's Algeria's first trading partner?
What's Algeria's forecast growth?
What's Algeria's general government debt?
What's Algeria's government debt to GDP?
What's Algeria's government debt?
What's Algeria's greatest military deterrence?
What's Algeria's gross domestic product?
What's Algeria's growth goal?
What's Algeria's growth?
What's Algeria's human development index?
What's Algeria's income inequality?
What's Algeria's industrial potential?
What's Algeria's inflation rate?
What's Algeria's infrastructure deficit?
What's Algeria's labor force?
What's Algeria's largest export?
What's Algeria's largest refinery?
What's Algeria's latest recorded trade deficit?
What's Algeria's literacy rate?
What's Algeria's main export partner?
What's Algeria's main trading partner?
What's Algeria's market share in gas exports?
What's Algeria's minimum wage?
What's Algeria's most southern town?
What's Algeria's national debt?
What's Algeria's naval strength?
What's Algeria's negative trade balance?
What's Algeria's next step?
What's Algeria's official external debt?
What's Algeria's oil production capacity?
What's Algeria's per capita GDP?
What's Algeria's per capita income?
What's Algeria's population?
What's Algeria's poverty rate?
What's Algeria's primary source of fresh water?
What's Algeria's purchasing power?
What's Algeria's rate of urbanization?
What's Algeria's response to the coronavirus?
What's Algeria's second largest export?
What's Algeria's strategy to dealing with this?
What's Algeria's tank strength?
What's Algeria's the least populous wilaya?
What's Algeria's total area?
What's Algeria's total mobile phone penetration?
What's Algeria's total population?
What's Algeria's total workforce?
What's Algeria's trade deficit?
What's Algeria's trade surplus?
What's Algeria's unemployment rate?
What's Algeria's worst nightmare?
What's Algiers' homicide rate?
What's Algiers' most popular attraction?
What's Ankara like?
What's Area 51?
What's Australia famous for?
What's Australia like in the summer?
What's Australia like in the winter?
What's Australia like?
What's Australia most famous for?
What's Australia really like?
What's Australia's deepest lake?
What's Australia's highest building?
What's Australia's highest mountain?
What's Australia's largest city?
What's Australia's largest lake?
What's Australia's longest river?
What's Australia's population?
What's Australia's tallest building?
What's Australia's tallest mountain?
What's Australia's third largest city?
What's Baya doing in a wedding gown?
What's Beethoven's favorite fruit? A ba-na-na-na!
What's Boston famous for?
What's Boston like in the summer?
What's Boston like in the winter?
What's Boston like?
What's Boston most famous for?
What's Boston really like?
What's Boston's population?
What's Caller ID?
What's China's economic system?
What's Christmas like at your house?
What's Claire cooking?
What's Cookie barking about?
What's Cookie doing?
What's Cookie meowing about?
What's Earth's color?
What's Egypt like?
What's Facebook?
What's Germany's highest building?
What's Germany's highest mountain?
What's Germany's largest forest?
What's Germany's largest lake?
What's Glauke's role?
What's Ido?
What's India's youth unemployment?
What's Islam?
What's Islamic banking all about?
What's Islamic banking?
What's Japan famous for?
What's Japan's longest river?
What's Japan's most popular holiday?
What's Jesus' Aramaic name?
What's Jesus' real name in Aramaic?
What's Jesus' real name?
What's Joe's girlfriend actually called? He hasn't introduced her to us yet.
What's John doing at the moment?
What's John doing right now?
What's John up to at the moment?
What's Ken doing now?
What's Ken doing?
What's Latin?
What's Layla's phone number?
What's Libya like?
What's London really like?
What's Mali's ethnic makeup?
What's Mark occupying his time with?
What's Mary doing in her room?
What's Mary doing there by herself?
What's Mary doing tomorrow?
What's Mary like when she's angry?
What's Mary planning to do after she graduates from college?
What's Mary planning to do after she retires?
What's Mary selling?
What's Mary's boyfriend's name?
What's Mary's dog called?
What's Mary's favourite series?
What's Mary's husband like?
What's Mary's husband's name?
What's Mary's last name?
What's Mary's maiden name?
What's Matoub's best known record?
What's Mennad up to?
What's Morocco doing to reduce poverty?
What's Morocco like?
What's Morocco's most violent city?
What's Mr. Jackson's first name?
What's Mrs. Jackson's first name?
What's Murphy's Law?
What's Netanyahu planning?
What's New Zealand like? Is it as sparsely populated as Australia?
What's Paul doing tonight?
What's Peru's official language?
What's Rima's bra doing in the sink?
What's Robert doing here anyways?
What's Russia's largest city?
What's Sami doing up there?
What's Scotland like in summer?
What's Tatoeba's stance on slang?
What's Tebboune's plan to build Algeria's economy.
What's Tebboune's wider vision for a more unified Algeria?
What's Telegram?
What's Tom accused me of doing now?
What's Tom afraid of.
What's Tom afraid of?
What's Tom after?
What's Tom all dressed up for?
What's Tom allergic to?
What's Tom angry about?
What's Tom asking us to do?
What's Tom asking?
What's Tom baking?
What's Tom been accused of?
What's Tom been doing all day?
What's Tom been doing lately?
What's Tom been doing?
What's Tom been up to lately?
What's Tom been up to?
What's Tom building?
What's Tom buying?
What's Tom carrying?
What's Tom charged with?
What's Tom complaining about now?
What's Tom complaining about?
What's Tom cooking?
What's Tom counting?
What's Tom doing at the moment?
What's Tom doing back here?
What's Tom doing down there?
What's Tom doing for Christmas?
What's Tom doing here again?
What's Tom doing here anyway?
What's Tom doing here at this hour?
What's Tom doing here?
What's Tom doing here? He wasn't invited.
What's Tom doing here? I didn't invite him.
What's Tom doing here? I thought he was in Australia.
What's Tom doing here? I thought he was in Boston.
What's Tom doing here? We didn't even invite him!
What's Tom doing here? We didn't invite him.
What's Tom doing in Australia?
What's Tom doing in Boston?
What's Tom doing in Mary's office?
What's Tom doing in Mary's room?
What's Tom doing in here?
What's Tom doing in his room?
What's Tom doing in the basement?
What's Tom doing in the forest?
What's Tom doing in the kitchen?
What's Tom doing in the park?
What's Tom doing in there?
What's Tom doing in your office?
What's Tom doing later?
What's Tom doing now?
What's Tom doing nowadays?
What's Tom doing out here?
What's Tom doing out of jail?
What's Tom doing out there?
What's Tom doing over there?
What's Tom doing right now?
What's Tom doing that for?
What's Tom doing there by himself?
What's Tom doing there?
What's Tom doing these days?
What's Tom doing this weekend?
What's Tom doing to help?
What's Tom doing today?
What's Tom doing tomorrow night?
What's Tom doing tomorrow?
What's Tom doing up here?
What's Tom doing up there?
What's Tom doing up?
What's Tom doing with it?
What's Tom doing with my car?
What's Tom doing with my computer?
What's Tom doing with my stuff?
What's Tom doing with that?
What's Tom doing with those?
What's Tom doing?
What's Tom done now?
What's Tom done to you?
What's Tom done today?
What's Tom done with everything that was here?
What's Tom done?
What's Tom drawing now?
What's Tom drawing?
What's Tom drinking?
What's Tom eating now?
What's Tom eating?
What's Tom even doing here?
What's Tom ever done for us?
What's Tom ever done to you?
What's Tom forgotten this time?
What's Tom forgotten to do this time?
What's Tom found?
What's Tom getting all excited about?
What's Tom getting at?
What's Tom getting ready for?
What's Tom given us?
What's Tom going to Boston for?
What's Tom going to buy for Mary?
What's Tom going to cook for Mary?
What's Tom going to do about that?
What's Tom going to do about this?
What's Tom going to do after he graduates?
What's Tom going to do during his summer vacation?
What's Tom going to do for Mary?
What's Tom going to do for us?
What's Tom going to do next summer?
What's Tom going to do next?
What's Tom going to do now?
What's Tom going to do on Monday?
What's Tom going to do on October 20th?
What's Tom going to do there?
What's Tom going to do this weekend?
What's Tom going to do today?
What's Tom going to do tomorrow?
What's Tom going to do when he finishes school?
What's Tom going to do with Mary?
What's Tom going to do with all that money?
What's Tom going to do with all this?
What's Tom going to do with it?
What's Tom going to do with that?
What's Tom going to do?
What's Tom going to eat?
What's Tom going to find?
What's Tom going to give Mary?
What's Tom going to say about that?
What's Tom going to say about this?
What's Tom going to say now?
What's Tom going to say?
What's Tom going to show Mary?
What's Tom going to sing?
What's Tom going to talk about?
What's Tom going to tell Mary?
What's Tom going to think now?
What's Tom going to think?
What's Tom going to wear to the party?
What's Tom good at doing?
What's Tom good at?
What's Tom got against me?
What's Tom got that I haven't got?
What's Tom got to do with all this?
What's Tom got to do with it?
What's Tom got to do with this?
What's Tom got to hide?
What's Tom got you doing this time?
What's Tom got?
What's Tom hanging around for?
What's Tom have to do with it?
What's Tom have to say about this?
What's Tom hiding for?
What's Tom hiding from me?
What's Tom hiding from us?
What's Tom hiding from?
What's Tom hiding?
What's Tom holding?
What's Tom hoping to achieve?
What's Tom in prison for?
What's Tom in such a hurry for?
What's Tom interested in?
What's Tom investigating?
What's Tom job?
What's Tom laughing at?
What's Tom like to work with?
What's Tom like when he's angry?
What's Tom like?
What's Tom listening to?
What's Tom look like?
What's Tom looking at?
What's Tom looking for?
What's Tom making now?
What's Tom making?
What's Tom mean?
What's Tom planning now?
What's Tom planning on doing after he graduates from college?
What's Tom planning on doing after he retires?
What's Tom planning on doing later?
What's Tom planning to do after he graduates from college?
What's Tom planning to do after he retires?
What's Tom planning to do in Boston?
What's Tom planning to do later?
What's Tom planning to do?
What's Tom planning?
What's Tom preparing for?
What's Tom rambling on about?
What's Tom reading now?
What's Tom reading this summer?
What's Tom reading?
What's Tom really like?
What's Tom referring to?
What's Tom running from?
What's Tom saying?
What's Tom scared of?
What's Tom seen?
What's Tom selling?
What's Tom singing?
What's Tom smiling at?
What's Tom so afraid of?
What's Tom so angry about?
What's Tom so curious about?
What's Tom so happy about?
What's Tom so mad about?
What's Tom so nervous about?
What's Tom so unhappy about?
What's Tom so upset about?
What's Tom so worried about?
What's Tom standing there for?
What's Tom staring at?
What's Tom still doing here?
What's Tom still doing there?
What's Tom still waiting for?
What's Tom studying?
What's Tom suggesting?
What's Tom supposed to do?
What's Tom supposed to say?
What's Tom talking about now?
What's Tom talking about?
What's Tom talking to Mary about?
What's Tom trying to do?
What's Tom trying to hide?
What's Tom trying to prove?
What's Tom trying to say?
What's Tom trying to sell?
What's Tom trying to tell us?
What's Tom up to in Australia?
What's Tom up to in Boston?
What's Tom up to now?
What's Tom up to nowadays?
What's Tom up to these days?
What's Tom up to today?
What's Tom up to tonight?
What's Tom up to?
What's Tom upset about?
What's Tom waiting for?
What's Tom want?
What's Tom watching now?
What's Tom watching?
What's Tom wearing?
What's Tom working on?
What's Tom worried about?
What's Tom writing now?
What's Tom writing?
What's Tom's French like?
What's Tom's GPA?
What's Tom's address?
What's Tom's answer?
What's Tom's assistant's name?
What's Tom's bicycle doing here?
What's Tom's blood type?
What's Tom's brother's name?
What's Tom's computer literacy like?
What's Tom's concern?
What's Tom's condition?
What's Tom's connection?
What's Tom's current address?
What's Tom's deal?
What's Tom's dog called?
What's Tom's dog's name?
What's Tom's dream school?
What's Tom's excuse?
What's Tom's father's name?
What's Tom's favorite cocktail?
What's Tom's favorite color?
What's Tom's favorite dessert?
What's Tom's favorite drink?
What's Tom's favorite flavor of ice cream?
What's Tom's favorite food?
What's Tom's favorite kind of music?
What's Tom's favorite movie?
What's Tom's favorite sport?
What's Tom's full name?
What's Tom's girlfriend's name?
What's Tom's goal?
What's Tom's golf game like?
What's Tom's grade point average?
What's Tom's hobby?
What's Tom's horse's name?
What's Tom's house like?
What's Tom's hurry?
What's Tom's husband like?
What's Tom's interest in the matter?
What's Tom's job?
What's Tom's last name?
What's Tom's middle name?
What's Tom's motivation for doing that?
What's Tom's motivation?
What's Tom's nationality?
What's Tom's new address?
What's Tom's new car like?
What's Tom's nickname?
What's Tom's number?
What's Tom's occupation?
What's Tom's office number?
What's Tom's older sister's name?
What's Tom's opinion?
What's Tom's phone number?
What's Tom's picture doing here?
What's Tom's plan?
What's Tom's point?
What's Tom's position?
What's Tom's problem anyway?
What's Tom's problem now?
What's Tom's problem with Mary?
What's Tom's problem with me?
What's Tom's problem with that?
What's Tom's problem?
What's Tom's profession?
What's Tom's purpose in going to Boston?
What's Tom's rank?
What's Tom's real name?
What's Tom's role?
What's Tom's secret?
What's Tom's shoe size?
What's Tom's side of the story?
What's Tom's sister's name?
What's Tom's social security number?
What's Tom's specialty?
What's Tom's status?
What's Tom's story?
What's Tom's superpower?
What's Tom's teacher's name?
What's Tom's theory?
What's Tom's track record like?
What's Tom's umbrella doing here?
What's Tom's weight?
What's Tom's wife like?
What's Tom's wife's name?
What's Tom's younger brother's name?
What's Tony doing?
What's Tunisia like?
What's WhatsApp?
What's Worcester like?
What's Yanni doing here?
What's Yanni doing in Algeria?
What's Yanni doing in Algiers?
What's Yanni doing wrong?
What's Yanni doing?
What's Yanni eating?
What's Yanni feeling for Skura?
What's Yanni going to do with the money?
What's Yanni trying to say?
What's Yanni's favorite band?
What's Yanni's girlfriend's name?
What's Yanni's sexual orientation?
What's Yanni's story?
What's Ziri cooking?
What's Ziri doing here?
What's Ziri doing in my apartment?
What's Ziri doing in that car?
What's Ziri doing in the bathroom?
What's Ziri doing in town?
What's Ziri doing on the roof?
What's Ziri doing up so late?
What's Ziri doing with those?
What's Ziri doing?
What's Ziri looking for?
What's Ziri painting?
What's Ziri talking about?
What's Ziri trying to do?
What's Ziri trying to say?
What's Ziri's club called now?
What's Ziri's club called?
What's Ziri's dream pet?
What's Ziri's excuse this time?
What's Ziri's favorite car?
What's Ziri's favorite cartoon?
What's Ziri's favorite dish?
What's Ziri's favorite meal?
What's Ziri's job?
What's Ziri's last name?
What's Ziri's occupation?
What's Ziri's plan?
What's Ziri's punishment going to be?
What's Ziri's relationship with Rima?
What's Ziri's secret ingredient?
What's Ziri's son's name?
What's Ziri's story?
What's a "blow dry bar"?
What's a Furby?
What's a Jew?
What's a Muslim?
What's a UFO?
What's a VCR?
What's a VPN for?
What's a bad habit you wish you could break?
What's a bad habit you're trying to break?
What's a bad habit you've tried to break but weren't able to?
What's a bear doing in the middle of the city?
What's a beautiful woman like you doing in a place like this?
What's a belladonna?
What's a bicycle?
What's a bit of infidelity between friends?
What's a book that has inspired you?
What's a book? A sequence of small symbols. Nothing more. It's up to the reader to visualize the shapes, colours and feelings to which the symbols correspond.
What's a candlestick?
What's a cat?
What's a cathedral city?
What's a cause that you are passionate about?
What's a cause that's important to you?
What's a cause you believe in passionately?
What's a cause you believe in strongly?
What's a cause you care deeply about?
What's a cause you feel passionate about?
What's a cause you wish more people cared about?
What's a cause you're passionate about?
What's a census?
What's a chair for?
What's a challenge you faced and how did you overcome it?
What's a childhood toy you still wish you had?
What's a chimney?
What's a computer hard drive?
What's a country?
What's a covalent bond?
What's a deadly nightshade?
What's a declension?
What's a dish you enjoy cooking for others?
What's a dish you enjoy cooking?
What's a dish you enjoy for your family?
What's a dish you enjoy for your husband?
What's a dish you enjoy for your wife?
What's a dish you want to learn how to cook?
What's a dish you want to learn to make?
What's a dish you've always wanted to try but haven't yet?
What's a dish you've always wanted to try cooking?
What's a dish you've always wanted to try?
What's a dolphin?
What's a dream you've had that you wish would come true?
What's a failure you learned a lot from?
What's a falafel?
What's a fan?
What's a favorite game to play with friends?
What's a fictional character you wish you could meet?
What's a flashlight?
What's a food that reminds you of home?
What's a food that reminds you of your mother?
What's a food that you absolutely can't stand?
What's a food that you can't stand?
What's a food that you don't like at all?
What's a food that you hate?
What's a food you couldn't live without?
What's a food you dislike?
What's a food you don't like?
What's a fortnight?
What's a fun fact about yourself that not many people know?
What's a gadget you couldn't live without?
What's a goal you have for this year?
What's a goal you have given up on?
What's a goal you're currently pursuing?
What's a good Muslim anyways?
What's a good treatment for insomnia?
What's a good university to study French at?
What's a good way to get to Ogikubo?
What's a great song that most people don't know about?
What's a group activity you enjoy doing?
What's a group activity you enjoy?
What's a guillotine?
What's a habit you want to break?
What's a habit you'd like to break?
What's a habit you've tried to break but couldn't?
What's a hedgehog?
What's a hobby you've always wanted to try?
What's a joke?
What's a jungle?
What's a kilometre, Mum?
What's a language lab and what do you do there?
What's a lesson you learned the hard way?
What's a lesson you've learned from a mistake that you made?
What's a lesson you've learned the hard way?
What's a life like this one for?
What's a lightning rod?
What's a long-term goal you have for yourself?
What's a long-term goal you want to achieve?
What's a loon?
What's a mare?
What's a meme?
What's a memory that always makes you feel warm and happy?
What's a memory that always makes you smile?
What's a million years in Earth's geological history?
What's a mistake you learned a lot from?
What's a mistake you've made that taught you a valuable lesson?
What's a mole?
What's a more masculine way of saying it?
What's a movie that has inspired you?
What's a nice girl like you doing in a place like this?
What's a nice guy like you doing in a place like this?
What's a non-toxic way to kill bugs?
What's a pandemic?
What's a parsec?
What's a pendulum?
What's a pentagon?
What's a personal achievement that you're proud of?
What's a personal achievement you're proud of?
What's a petunia?
What's a picture like that doing in Tom's room?
What's a piece of advice you wish everyone would follow?
What's a piece of advice you'd give to your future self?
What's a pig?
What's a pinhole camera?
What's a porcupine?
What's a quality you admire in other people?
What's a quality you admire in others?
What's a question you wish people would ask you more often?
What's a question you've always wanted to ask someone?
What's a quote that motivates you?
What's a recent accomplishment you're proud of?
What's a recent achievement you're proud of?
What's a repast?
What's a right triangle?
What's a risk you took that paid off?
What's a rule you wish everyone would follow?
What's a screwdriver for?
What's a sentence?
What's a show that you've binge-watched recently?
What's a six-letter Spanish noun that rhymes with 'izquierda?'
What's a skill you wish you could learn?
What's a skill you'd like to learn?
What's a skill you'd like to master?
What's a skill you've always wanted to learn but haven't yet?
What's a skill you've always wanted to learn?
What's a social issue you care deeply about?
What's a solstice?
What's a song that always makes you cry?
What's a song that means a lot to you?
What's a song that reminds you of a special time in your life?
What's a spa?
What's a spaghetti western, Tom?
What's a stem cell?
What's a strange dream you've had recently?
What's a superpower you wish you had?
What's a synonym for the word "synonym"?
What's a talent you have that you're proud of?
What's a tech gadget you can't live without?
What's a tornado?
What's a typical day for you?
What's a typical day like for you?
What's a vampire?
What's a verb?
What's ailing you?
What's all that about?
What's all that for?
What's all that noise?
What's all that noise? What's going on?
What's all that racket?
What's all that supposed to mean?
What's all that?
What's all the buzz about?
What's all the commotion about anyway?
What's all the commotion about?
What's all the commotion?
What's all the excitement about?
What's all the excitement?
What's all the fuss about?
What's all the fuss about? Damned if I know!
What's all the fuss?
What's all the hubbub about?
What's all the hurry?
What's all the laughter about?
What's all the meowing about?
What's all the noise about?
What's all the noise in here?
What's all the noise, Tom?
What's all the ruckus?
What's all this about, guys?
What's all this about?
What's all this crap?
What's all this for?
What's all this fuss about?
What's all this got to do with Tom?
What's all this noise about?
What's all this noise?
What's all this pushing and shoving?
What's all this stuff doing here?
What's all this stuff?
What's all this to-do about?
What's all this?
What's always on your mind?
What's amazing about sports fans is the intensity of the rage they can feel toward something trivial.
What's an 8-track?
What's an abacus?
What's an accomplishment that you're particularly proud of?
What's an accomplishment you're really proud of?
What's an achievement you're particularly proud of?
What's an amino acid?
What's an auction?
What's an axle?
What's an easy way to thread a needle?
What's an elf?
What's an emotional breakdown?
What's an extreme sport that you'd like to try?
What's an inexpensive dish we can put on the menu?
What's an ionic bond?
What's an isosceles triangle?
What's an issue you wish more people cared about?
What's an octopus?
What's another word for 'thesaurus'?
What's anthropology?
What's asphalt made of?
What's aspirin made of?
What's at play here?
What's at risk?
What's at stake is your chance of getting out of this alive.
What's at stake?
What's available for food?
What's back there?
What's bad for Tom isn't necessarily good for John.
What's bad for your enemy isn't always good for you.
What's barium used for?
What's become of Tom?
What's become of her?
What's become of the book that I put here yesterday?
What's become of the original plan?
What's become of them?
What's become of your dog?
What's become of your sister?
What's been bothering you the most?
What's been bothering you?
What's been done so far?
What's been done?
What's been fixed?
What's been going on here for the last three hours?
What's been going on?
What's been happening here?
What's been happening in Algeria?
What's been happening?
What's been keeping you awake?
What's been stolen?
What's behind that box?
What's behind that door?
What's behind the church?
What's behind the door?
What's behind the wall?
What's behind this?
What's behind those boxes?
What's being done?
What's beside the desk?
What's better than one Maultasche? Two Maultaschen!
What's better than this?
What's better, geocaching or Tatoeba?
What's better, gold or bitcoins?
What's better?
What's between this one and that one?
What's between you and Tom?
What's bigger, a quarter or a third?
What's biting you?
What's both a sun and a moon?
What's bothering Tom?
What's bothering her?
What's bothering you today?
What's bothering you, Ziri?
What's bothering you?
What's bothering you? Are you unwell?
What's bred in the bone comes out in the flesh.
What's broken can be fixed.
What's brought you to this city?
What's bugging Tom?
What's bugging her?
What's bugging him?
What's bugging them?
What's bugging you?
What's burning?
What's cardiology?
What's catnip?
What's causing Ziri's hiccups?
What's causing all the problems?
What's causing climate change?
What's causing desertification in Algeria?
What's causing it?
What's causing that hum?
What's causing that noise?
What's causing that sound?
What's causing that to move?
What's causing that?
What's causing the death of the most popular singer in the world?
What's causing the delay?
What's causing the noise?
What's causing the problem?
What's causing the trees to shake?
What's causing these fires?
What's causing these price increases?
What's causing this economic slowdown in Algeria?
What's causing this pain?
What's causing this rash?
What's causing this to happen?
What's causing this?
What's causing your frustration?
What's changed over the years?
What's changed since then?
What's changed?
What's clear is that Tom is missing. We're not sure that he's been kidnapped.
What's clear is that we need more money.
What's clogging the drain?
What's cloud computing?
What's come over you?
What's comparable to beautiful knowledge? Nothing!
What's complicated about their language is the writing, not the grammar, which is reminiscent of a creole.
What's cooking in the kitchen?
What's cooking?
What's cool about Tatoeba is that you can find sentences even in languages people have never heard of before.
What's coronavirus?
What's currently hot?
What's democracy?
What's depicted here?
What's dermatology?
What's desirable isn't always doable.
What's desired and what’s allowed often don’t coincide.
What's diamond is diamond, what's flint is flint.
What's different about Tom?
What's different around here?
What's different between a wedding arrangement site and a dating site?
What's different from Japan is that the doctors of Singapore generally all know each other.
What's done can't be undone.
What's done cannot be undone.
What's done is done.
What's done is done. It's history.
What's done with love is done well.
What's done, is done.
What's down there?
What's drinking? A mere pause from thinking!
What's driving Algeria's economic growth?
What's driving Tom?
What's driving economic growth in Algeria?
What's driving the economy of Algeria?
What's eating Tom?
What's eating her?
What's eating him?
What's eating you now?
What's eating you up?
What's eating you?
What's essential in education is not the doctrine that is taught, it's the awakening.
What's everybody else doing?
What's everybody laughing about?
What's everybody looking at?
What's everybody talking about?
What's everybody's business is nobody's business.
What's everyone eating for lunch?
What's everyone else doing?
What's everyone laughing about?
What's everyone so excited about?
What's everyone staring at?
What's everyone talking about?
What's exactly happening inside Algeria?
What's expected of me?
What's expected of you?
What's extraordinary is the way our company is able to solve all of your problems.
What's falling from there?
What's faster, a taxi or the subway?
What's five plus five?
What's for breakfast?
What's for dessert?
What's for dinner today?
What's for dinner tonight?
What's for dinner, mom?
What's for dinner?
What's for lunch today?
What's for lunch?
What's for pudding?
What's for sale?
What's for supper?
What's for tea today?
What's for tea?
What's fun about that?
What's fun here?
What's funny about that?
What's funny?
What's getting you down?
What's goin on, bro?
What's going on anyway?
What's going on around here?
What's going on at work?
What's going on back here?
What's going on between these two?
What's going on down there?
What's going on here this afternoon?
What's going on here today?
What's going on here, Ziri?
What's going on here?
What's going on in Algeria could be described as a soap opera.
What's going on in Algeria is pretty hard to understand.
What's going on in Algeria isn't small news.
What's going on in Algeria today?
What's going on in Algeria?
What's going on in Australia?
What's going on in Boston?
What's going on in Libya is a confusing mess.
What's going on in Ukraine?
What's going on in here?
What's going on in that area right now?
What's going on in the next room?
What's going on in the other room?
What's going on in the rest of Algeria?
What's going on in the world?
What's going on in there?
What's going on in this country?
What's going on in this series?
What's going on in this town?
What's going on in your liver, Tom?
What's going on inside that bungalow?
What's going on is really weird.
What's going on now?
What's going on out here?
What's going on out there?
What's going on outside?
What's going on over there?
What's going on right now?
What's going on there now?
What's going on there?
What's going on this time?
What's going on today?
What's going on tonight?
What's going on up there?
What's going on with Tom?
What's going on with children these days?
What's going on with kids these days?
What's going on with our flight?
What's going on with that?
What's going on with the gazelles in the Tassili region?
What's going on with you and Tom?
What's going on with you today?
What's going on with you two?
What's going on with you, Fadil?
What's going on with you, Tom?
What's going on with you?
What's going on with you? You haven't been talking to me for a while now.
What's going on, Bill?
What's going on, Jean?
What's going on, Jim?
What's going on, Sarah?
What's going on, Tom?
What's going on, commissioner? Are you seeing ghosts?
What's going on, my dear?
What's going on, why did you lock me in here?
What's going on?
What's going on? You're worrying me.
What's going to be different?
What's going to happen after class?
What's going to happen here this afternoon?
What's going to happen is anyone's guess.
What's going to happen next?
What's going to happen now in Algeria?
What's going to happen now?
What's going to happen that's so terrible?
What's going to happen to Tom?
What's going to happen to Ziri and Rima?
What's going to happen to all these people?
What's going to happen to her?
What's going to happen to him?
What's going to happen to me now?
What's going to happen to me?
What's going to happen to my boat?
What's going to happen to our pets?
What's going to happen to our way of life?
What's going to happen to the game now?
What's going to happen to them?
What's going to happen to us now?
What's going to happen to us?
What's going to happen to you?
What's going to happen to your prisoners?
What's going to happen today?
What's going to happen tonight?
What's going to happen when they find out what we did?
What's going to happen?
What's going to occur now?
What's gone is gone.
What's gone wrong now?
What's gone wrong there?
What's gone wrong?
What's gonna happen next in Algeria?
What's gonna happen to Jessica's finances?
What's gonna happen to Yanni's children now?
What's gonna happen to Yanni?
What's good for cold is also good for heat.
What's good for the goose is good for the gander.
What's good in doing that?
What's good in the neighborhood?
What's good.
What's good?
What's got Ziri so sick?
What's got into Tom?
What's got into her?
What's got into you?
What's got to be done?
What's got you so bothered?
What's gotten into Tom?
What's gotten into her?
What's gotten into him?
What's gotten into them?
What's gotten into you anyway?
What's gotten into you lately?
What's gotten into you?
What's gotten you so riled up?
What's gotten you so sad?
What's growing in this garden bed?
What's guano?
What's hanging on your door?
What's happened has happened; there's no use in whining and complaining.
What's happened here is a travesty.
What's happened here, then? The whole flat's wet.
What's happened here?
What's happened in the meantime?
What's happened is unimportant.
What's happened so far?
What's happened to Tom and Mary?
What's happened to Tom?
What's happened to her?
What's happened to him?
What's happened to my baby?
What's happened to our optimism?
What's happened to the book I left here yesterday?
What's happened to the light?
What's happened to the little mirror from the bathroom? Do you know where it's got to?
What's happened to the money?
What's happened to them?
What's happened to us?
What's happened to you?
What's happened to your eye?
What's happened up ahead?
What's happened, has happened. It's history.
What's happened?
What's happening back there?
What's happening can't be explained.
What's happening down there?
What's happening here at 2:30?
What's happening here is absurd.
What's happening here is basically a scandal.
What's happening here this afternoon?
What's happening here?
What's happening in Algeria is deeply concerning to us.
What's happening in Algeria today?
What's happening in Algeria?
What's happening in Australia now?
What's happening in Australia?
What's happening in Boston now?
What's happening in Boston?
What's happening in East Jerusalem is ethnic cleansing.
What's happening in Italy?
What's happening in Palestine is brutal, cruel, and inhumane.
What's happening in Ukraine will probably result in peace, however.
What's happening in Western Sahara is tragic.
What's happening in the next room?
What's happening in there?
What's happening in this country?
What's happening in this series?
What's happening in your life?
What's happening is a side effect of the world getting wealthier and more crowded with people, Watson said. Humans need more food, more clean water, more energy and more land. And the way society has tried to achieve that has cut down on biodiversity.
What's happening is very disturbing.
What's happening next week?
What's happening now in Australia?
What's happening now in Boston?
What's happening now in Poland?
What's happening now is terrifying.
What's happening now?
What's happening out there?
What's happening outside?
What's happening over there?
What's happening right now?
What's happening there?
What's happening to Tom?
What's happening to me, doctor?
What's happening to me?
What's happening to refugees at the border is a shame.
What's happening to those detainees isn't funny at all.
What's happening to us?
What's happening to you has already happened to me.
What's happening to you?
What's happening to you? Do you trust that person?
What's happening today?
What's happening tomorrow?
What's happening tonight?
What's happening up there?
What's happening with this country?
What's happening?
What's happiness for you, Tom?
What's harder than for a single mother to work 2 jobs and raise 5 kids?
What's he doing here at this hour?
What's he doing here?
What's he doing now?
What's he doing out here?
What's he doing out there? Invite him inside!
What's he doing over there?
What's he doing there?
What's he doing this summer?
What's he doing to her?
What's he doing with him?
What's he doing with it?
What's he doing?
What's he going to call it?
What's he going to do with all that money?
What's he going to do with all this money?
What's he going to say?
What's he going to sing?
What's he going to talk about?
What's he gone and done now?
What's he got a mobile for when you can never get hold of him?
What's he got over you?
What's he got that I haven't?
What's he hiding?
What's he like? He's very nice.
What's he like? Old or young?
What's he looking for?
What's he on about?
What's he renovating in the living room and kitchen?
What's he singing about?
What's he sitting on?
What's he so unhappy about?
What's he talking about?
What's he up to?
What's he writing?
What's her address?
What's her boyfriend's name?
What's her deal?
What's her dog's name?
What's her favorite dessert?
What's her first name?
What's her job?
What's her last name?
What's her name again?
What's her name?
What's her nationality?
What's her new car like?
What's her occupation?
What's her picture doing here?
What's her plan?
What's her problem?
What's her professor's name?
What's her real name?
What's her shoe size?
What's her son's name?
What's her teacher's name?
What's her top speed?
What's hidden in there?
What's hiding behind that mirror? Take a guess!
What's his address?
What's his deal?
What's his dog's name?
What's his face?
What's his favorite dessert?
What's his first name?
What's his job?
What's his last name?
What's his most recent novel?
What's his motive for committing murder?
What's his name again?
What's his name?
What's his new car like?
What's his new novel called?
What's his nickname at home?
What's his plan?
What's his problem?
What's his professor's name?
What's his real name?
What's his shoe size?
What's his son's name?
What's his teacher's name?
What's his track record like?
What's holding Algeria back?
What's holding Algeria's economy back?
What's holding Tom back?
What's holding us back?
What's holding you back from converting to Islam?
What's holding you back from getting started?
What's holding you back from starting over?
What's holding you back?
What's holy to you?
What's humanity's first written language?
What's important is not the goal, but the journey.
What's important is that she stayed at my side.
What's important is that the boss doesn't catch you loafing on the job.
What's important is that we're all safe now.
What's important is that you convey your emotions in a sincere and unrestrained manner.
What's important is that you look busy.
What's important is that you survived.
What's important is that you're trying.
What's important is the experience.
What's important is the result.
What's important is what you do in this world, not what happens when you leave it.
What's important is work.
What's important isn't how many books you read, but what books you read.
What's important isn't the goal, but the journey.
What's important isn't what you read, but how you read.
What's important isn't what you're looking at; it's what you see.
What's important isn't which university you've graduated from but what you've learned in the university.
What's important isn't which university you've graduated from, but what you learned while you were there.
What's important now is that you listen to what Tom says.
What's important now is what we're going to do, not what we've already done.
What's important to Ziri is important to Rima.
What's important to you in life?
What's important to you?
What's in Boston?
What's in China?
What's in Segovia?
What's in a name?
What's in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
What's in all these boxes?
What's in fashion in Paris?
What's in front of you?
What's in here, Tom?
What's in here?
What's in his knapsack?
What's in it for Tom?
What's in it for me?
What's in it for us?
What's in it for you?
What's in store for Tom?
What's in store for the future?
What's in store for us?
What's in that a big black box?
What's in that bag?
What's in that beach bag in your car boot?
What's in that bottle?
What's in that box?
What's in that closet?
What's in that cupboard?
What's in that desk?
What's in that dish?
What's in that drawer?
What's in that package?
What's in that room?
What's in that smoothie?
What's in that?
What's in the Quran is consistent with science.
What's in the bag?
What's in the basket?
What's in the beach bag that's in the trunk of your car?
What's in the black box?
What's in the bottle is just water.
What's in the bottle?
What's in the bottom drawer?
What's in the box is none of your business.
What's in the box?
What's in the boxes?
What's in the briefcase?
What's in the bucket?
What's in the car?
What's in the closet?
What's in the coffee?
What's in the dog's mouth?
What's in the drawer?
What's in the envelope?
What's in the file?
What's in the folder?
What's in the fridge?
What's in the garage?
What's in the green packet?
What's in the living room?
What's in the middle drawer?
What's in the news today?
What's in the news?
What's in the package?
What's in the red package?
What's in the sack?
What's in the safe?
What's in the secret sauce?
What's in the shop?
What's in the sink?
What's in the top drawer?
What's in the truck?
What's in the trunk of your car?
What's in the wallet?
What's in the water?
What's in there?
What's in these boxes?
What's in these pots?
What's in this bag?
What's in this bag? Why's it so heavy?
What's in this box could be worth a fortune.
What's in this box is fragile.
What's in this box is very fragile.
What's in this box, Ziri?
What's in this box?
What's in this closest?
What's in this closet?
What's in this drawer?
What's in this drink?
What's in this glass isn't water.
What's in this glass?
What's in this jar?
What's in this package?
What's in this porridge?
What's in this room?
What's in this stew?
What's in this trunk?
What's in those boxes?
What's in those cases?
What's in your backpack?
What's in your bag?
What's in your boot?
What's in your car?
What's in your closet?
What's in your fridge?
What's in your glove compartment?
What's in your hand?
What's in your heart?
What's in your knapsack?
What's in your larder?
What's in your medicine cabinet?
What's in your mind?
What's in your mouth?
What's in your office?
What's in your pocket?
What's in your pockets?
What's in your refrigerator?
What's in your safe?
What's in your suitcase?
What's in your suitcases?
What's in your trunk?
What's in your wallet?
What's included in the balance sheet?
What's included in the special lunch?
What's included under assets?
What's incredible is that no one notices.
What's inside of it?
What's inside that?
What's inside the box inside the box?
What's inside the box that's inside the box?
What's inside the box?
What's inside these briefcases?
What's inside?
What's it about?
What's it all about?
What's it all for?
What's it all mean?
What's it called again?
What's it called in Kabyle?
What's it called?
What's it composed of?
What's it doing out here?
What's it doing there?
What's it for?
What's it going to be like?
What's it going to be?
What's it going to take for you to finally yield?
What's it going to take to bring you back to me?
What's it going to take to convince you to help us?
What's it going to take to convince you?
What's it going to take to persuade you?
What's it going to take?
What's it good for?
What's it got to do with you?
What's it like being Tom's girlfriend?
What's it like being famous?
What's it like being one of the city's most eligible bachelors?
What's it like being seasick?
What's it like in Australia?
What's it like in Boston?
What's it like in jail?
What's it like living in Boston?
What's it like outside?
What's it like there today?
What's it like to be deaf?
What's it like to be seasick?
What's it like to be the smartest person in the room?
What's it like to live in Boston?
What's it like to work as Tom's assistant?
What's it like to work for Tom?
What's it like to work under Tom?
What's it like working there?
What's it like working with Tom?
What's it like?
What's it look like to you?
What's it look like?
What's it made from?
What's it made of?
What's it really about?
What's it really worth?
What's it really?
What's it smell like?
What's it sound like?
What's it stand for?
What's it they're building?
What's it to anyone?
What's it to do with you?
What's it to me?
What's it to you if I love you?
What's it to you who I get married with?
What's it to you?
What's it used for?
What's it we're waiting for here?
What's it we're waiting for?
What's it worth to you?
What's it worth?
What's it you expect me to say?
What's it you're trying to do?
What's its fiscal status?
What's its name?
What's just happened here?
What's just happened in there?
What's keeping Tom?
What's keeping her?
What's keeping him?
What's keeping the Algerian economy afloat?
What's keeping the Moroccan regime afloat?
What's keeping them?
What's keeping you busy in 2024?
What's keeping you from being happy?
What's keeping you from doing that?
What's keeping you from leaving?
What's keeping you guys busy in 2024?
What's keeping you here?
What's keeping you so busy?
What's keeping you up at night?
What's keeping you up so late?
What's keeping you?
What's kept you?
What's kleptoparasitism?
What's left behind in the drain? That's what's clogging it.
What's left behind?
What's left for Tom?
What's left for me to do if he doesn't return my love?
What's left now?
What's left over?
What's left to lose?
What's left to talk about?
What's life going to be like without Tom?
What's life like for Palestinians in Gaza?
What's life like for the people of Gaza?
What's life like in Algeria?
What's life like in Australia?
What's life like in Boston?
What's life like where you live?
What's lighter than air?
What's likely to happen next?
What's likely to happen now?
What's likely to happen?
What's limiting Algeria's growth?
What's living in Boston like?
What's lost is lost.
What's love for you?
What's love to you is a scandal to another.
What's love without a little pain?
What's love?
What's made you decide to work for our company?
What's made you think that I'd want to kiss you?
What's made you think that he'd want to kiss you?
What's made you think that she'd want to kiss you?
What's made you think that they'd want to kiss you?
What's making all that noise?
What's making that noise?
What's making this sound?
What's making you laugh so hard?
What's making you laugh?
What's making you sad?
What's making you so busy?
What's making you so indignant?
What's making you so miserable?
What's making you take it away from him?
What's making you uneasy?
What's making you worry?
What's marriage?
What's midsummer?
What's mine is yours.
What's mine's yours.
What's missing is the context in which the remark was made.
What's missing?
What's money between friends?
What's money?
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
What's more dangerous than a sharp knife?
What's more dangerous, a sharp knife or a sharp tongue?
What's more important than money?
What's more important than that?
What's more important to you?
What's more important?
What's more interesting is that I'm doing my civic duty writing sentences instead of finishing my graduate level project.
What's more romantic than that?
What's more she went and ordered a top up of noodles twice.
What's more surprising?
What's more useful, the sun or the moon? The moon, of course, it shines when it's dark, but the sun only shines when there's light.
What's more, Chinese people like taking naps.
What's more, from now on you must remember that you cannot go to the seaside again (by believing forever that I have already found the biggest, best and most fitting one for me).
What's more, he's started walking.
What's more, our first battle is to defeat that dragon!
What's more, you can only buy train tickets one week in advance.
What's most important in life?
What's most important to you?
What's my IP address?
What's my IP?
What's my assignment?
What's my bank balance this month?
What's my book doing here?
What's my current self-perception?
What's my current understanding of my identity?
What's my dictionary doing on the kitchen counter?
What's my doctor's name?
What's my jacket worth?
What's my line?
What's my next move?
What's my next step?
What's my password again?
What's my perspective on myself now?
What's my prescription?
What's my prize?
What's my punishment?
What's my purpose in life?
What's my purpose in the midst of all this chaos?
What's my role?
What's my room number?
What's nanotechnology?
What's necessary?
What's needed is a comprehensive plan.
What's needed is a good plan.
What's needed is a revolution.
What's needed is more money.
What's needed is practice.
What's needed?
What's new about that?
What's new about this way of urban living?
What's new in the chess group?
What's new in your neck of the woods?
What's new this year?
What's new today?
What's new with you?
What's new with you? How is your new job working out?
What's new, Vasti?
What's new?
What's next for us?
What's next for you and Tom?
What's next for you?
What's next on the schedule?
What's next on your schedule?
What's next to the church?
What's next?
What's normality?
What's not a battle to you?
What's not clear?
What's not fair?
What's not funny?
What's not necessary?
What's not right?
What's not to do about lighting someone up, when you're sorely short of wood!
What's not to like?
What's not to love?
What's not to miss?
What's not yet done may be left undone.
What's obvious is that you're not very happy here.
What's on Fox Movies?
What's on TV now?
What's on TV?
What's on Tom's plate?
What's on Yanni's plate?
What's on at the cinema at the moment?
What's on fire?
What's on for tonight?
What's on our agenda?
What's on tap for today?
What's on television?
What's on telly?
What's on that leaf?
What's on that placard?
What's on the agenda for today?
What's on the agenda today?
What's on the agenda?
What's on the air now?
What's on the air this evening?
What's on the box?
What's on the docket for today?
What's on the leaf?
What's on the list?
What's on the menu this evening?
What's on the menu this morning?
What's on the menu today?
What's on the menu tonight?
What's on the menu?
What's on the news?
What's on the other side of the river?
What's on the other side of the wall?
What's on the other side of this door?
What's on the other side of this lake?
What's on the other side of this wall?
What's on the playlist?
What's on the restaurant's breakfast menu?
What's on the sandwich?
What's on the schedule for today?
What's on the table?
What's on the telly?
What's on top of the mountain?
What's on your agenda for today?
What's on your agenda?
What's on your bucket list?
What's on your desk at home?
What's on your desk?
What's on your face?
What's on your iPod?
What's on your list of things that we need to do today?
What's on your list?
What's on your mind now?
What's on your mind, Tom?
What's on your mind?
What's on your plate?
What's on your playlist?
What's on your to-do list for today?
What's on your wish list?
What's on?
What's one item you can't live without?
What's one of the most useful things you own?
What's one of you best memories from your childhood?
What's one piece of advice you would give to your younger self?
What's one question you've always wanted to be asked?
What's one skill you think everyone should have?
What's one thing that you love to do?
What's one thing that you really like to do?
What's one thing that you'd never do again?
What's one thing you love to do?
What's one thing you really like to do?
What's one thing you think everybody should do at least once in their lives?
What's one thing you think that everyone should do at least once in their lives?
What's one thing you wish you could change about your past?
What's one thing you wish you could change about yourself?
What's one thing you would change about yourself?
What's one thing you'd never do again?
What's our arrival time in Boston?
What's our arrival time?
What's our cover story?
What's our destination?
What's our excuse now?
What's our game plan?
What's our goal?
What's our market share?
What's our next move?
What's our other option?
What's our plan?
What's our problem?
What's our situation?
What's our status?
What's ours is ours.
What's out front?
What's over here?
What's over is over.
What's over there?
What's past is past.
What's physically wrong with Yanni?
What's playing at the Music Box Theater?
What's playing at the cinema tonight?
What's playing at the movie theater now?
What's polyamory?
What's preventing this from happening?
What's preventing you from doing that?
What's radical today may be cliché tomorrow.
What's really bothering Tom?
What's really bothering her?
What's really bothering him?
What's really bothering them?
What's really bothering you?
What's really bugging you?
What's really going on around here?
What's really going on between Tom and Mary?
What's really going on here?
What's really going on in Algeria these days?
What's really going on in Algeria?
What's really going on?
What's really good for me is to be alone.
What's remarkable is that a dog can count at all -- not that he counts poorly.
What's responsible for Algeria's economic downturn?
What's right and what's wrong changes from time to time.
What's right is right.
What's ruining Algeria's economy?
What's sacred to animals?
What's sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.
What's scary?
What's seven times three?
What's shaking?
What's sharia law?
What's sharia?
What's she doing here at this hour?
What's she doing now?
What's she doing over there?
What's she doing with it?
What's she doing?
What's she going to say?
What's she like?
What's she looking for?
What's she reading?
What's she singing about?
What's shrinkflation?
What's so amusing?
What's so bad about getting married?
What's so complicated about it?
What's so complicated about that?
What's so concerning about that?
What's so controversial?
What's so dangerous?
What's so depressing about that?
What's so fantastic about that?
What's so fascinating about Tom?
What's so fun about taking pictures of trains?
What's so funny about that?
What's so funny about this?
What's so funny, Yanni?
What's so funny?
What's so funny?!
What's so good about it?
What's so good about riding a bicycle?
What's so good about that?
What's so great about Boston?
What's so great about being an adult?
What's so great about being normal?
What's so great about getting married?
What's so great about having a family at such a young age?
What's so great about that?
What's so hard about that.
What's so hard to believe?
What's so hard?
What's so important?
What's so interesting about baseball?
What's so interesting in there?
What's so interesting?
What's so pressing?
What's so revolutionary about that?
What's so special about Algiers?
What's so special about Marika?
What's so special about Tom?
What's so special about Ziri other than being dumb?
What's so special about her anyway?
What's so special about her?
What's so special about him?
What's so special about that day?
What's so special about that?
What's so special about the first sunrise of the year?
What's so special about this Tom, anyway?
What's so special about this mosque?
What's so special about this place?
What's so special about this?
What's so special?
What's so strange about that?
What's so surprising about that?
What's so weird about that?
What's so weird about this?
What's so wrong about this time?
What's so wrong with having dreams?
What's so wrong with that?
What's something interesting about yourself that not many people know?
What's something like that doing here?
What's something that always brings a smile to your face?
What's something that always makes you smile?
What's something that always puts a smile on your face?
What's something that brings you joy every day?
What's something that brings you joy?
What's something that fascinates you?
What's something that inspires you?
What's something that makes you feel nostalgic?
What's something that makes you happy?
What's something that makes you laugh every time you think about it?
What's something that makes you sad every time you think about it?
What's something that never fails to make you smile?
What's something that you do almost every day?
What's something that you don't get tired of talking about?
What's something that you hate doing but you do anyway?
What's something that you like doing that your parents wished you didn't do?
What's something that you normally do only on Mondays?
What's something that you normally only do on Mondays?
What's something that you wish you could do more often?
What's something that you'd never get tired of talking about?
What's something that you'd really like to do before you die?
What's something that you'd really like to learn before you die?
What's something that you'd really like to learn how to do before you die?
What's something that you'd really like to learn to do before you die?
What's something that you'll never do again?
What's something that you're passionate about that you wish more people knew about?
What's something that you're thankful for?
What's something that you've done that you'd never do again?
What's something that you've wanted to tell someone, but didn't, and is now a big burden for you?
What's something you believe is overrated?
What's something you did this year that you're proud of?
What's something you eat every day or almost every day?
What's something you enjoy doing that some people would find boring?
What's something you hate doing?
What's something you hope to accomplish by the end of the year?
What's something you hope to accomplish in the next three months?
What's something you hope to achieve before you die?
What's something you hope to achieve in the next year?
What's something you hope will never change?
What's something you love about your city?
What's something you love about your job?
What's something you love about your school?
What's something you love doing?
What's something you only do when you're bored?
What's something you plan to do in the near future?
What's something you want people to understand about you?
What's something you want to accomplish this week?
What's something you want to accomplish this year?
What's something you want to achieve before the end of the year?
What's something you want to achieve in the next year?
What's something you want to be remembered for?
What's something you want to do before the end of the year?
What's something you were able to do that you didn't think you'd be able to do?
What's something you wish more people knew about you?
What's something you wish you could change about your past?
What's something you wish you could change about yourself?
What's something you wish you could do again?
What's something you wish you could do better?
What's something you wish you could do but haven't yet done?
What's something you wish you could do over?
What's something you wish you had more time for?
What's something you wish you had tried when you were younger?
What's something you wish you'd done differently?
What's something you wouldn't change about yourself?
What's something you'd like to accomplish in the next year?
What's something you'd like to achieve in the next three years?
What's something you'd love to do but haven't yet done?
What's something you'd really like to buy but can't afford?
What's something you'll never do again?
What's something you're deeply passionate about?
What's something you're good at cooking?
What's something you're looking forward to in the next year?
What's something you're passionate about?
What's something you're proud of accomplishing?
What's something you're really bad at?
What's something you're thankful for?
What's something you've always wanted to do but haven't had the chance to?
What's something you've always wanted to do?
What's something you've always wanted to learn but haven't had the chance?
What's something you've always wanted to learn but haven't?
What's something you've always wanted to learn how to do?
What's something you've always wanted to try doing?
What's something you've always wanted to try?
What's something you've changed your mind about recently?
What's something you've done that you wish you hadn't done?
What's something you've done that you wish you hadn't?
What's something you've done that you'd never do again?
What's something you've done that you're proud of?
What's something you've thrown away that you wish you hadn't?
What's standing between us and that happening?
What's stopping us?
What's stopping you from achieving your goals?
What's stopping you from doing a study?
What's stopping you from doing research?
What's stopping you from doing that?
What's stopping you from going?
What's stopping you from having offspring?
What's stopping you, then?
What's stopping you?
What's strange about that?
What's such a cloud called?
What's supposed to happen at 2:30?
What's supposed to happen on Monday?
What's surprising is that reducing certain materials from the macro to the nano scale radically changes some of their properties. For example, gold becomes a liquid at room temperatures, aluminum becomes combustible, and silicon turns into a conductor instead of an insulator. So these very small materials behave in ways that are not yet completely understood, and just the fact that they are unimaginably small creates a lot of the controversy. People fear that smaller nanotech particles in the environment might be accidentally absorbed by the human body, that invisible surveillance devices could watch our every move, or that microscopic new weapons would threaten our security in unforeseen ways.
What's taking Tom so long?
What's taking everybody so long?
What's taking her so long?
What's taking her so long? She's been in there forever.
What's taking him so long?
What's taking him so long? He's been in there forever.
What's taking it so long?
What's taking place here is awful.
What's taking place here is ghastly.
What's taking place here is horrendous.
What's taking place here is horrible.
What's taking place here is horrifying.
What's taking place here is terrible.
What's taking place is the world's biggest hackathon!
What's taking so long?
What's taking so much time?
What's taking them so long?
What's taking you so long?
What's taller than a horse but shorter than a dog?
What's that Christian verse about "Babylon the Great"?
What's that a photograph of?
What's that about?
What's that again?
What's that all about?
What's that animal's name?
What's that app called?
What's that awful noise?
What's that awful smell?
What's that awful sound?
What's that badge?
What's that bag on the counter?
What's that bag on the table?
What's that behind the tree?
What's that big building ahead of us?
What's that bin doing on the pavement?
What's that bird called in French?
What's that bird called?
What's that bird?
What's that black eye? Did Sami beat you again? You should report him to the police.
What's that bomb for?
What's that book about?
What's that book on the table?
What's that bottle on the counter?
What's that box on the counter?
What's that box on the table?
What's that boy's name?
What's that bucket doing here?
What's that building across the street from your house?
What's that building at the back of the hospital?
What's that building behind the hospital?
What's that building over there?
What's that building there with the green roof?
What's that building to the right of the water tower?
What's that building?
What's that bushy-tailed dog?
What's that butterfly?
What's that called?
What's that camera on the table?
What's that corruption scandal of Joe Biden's son in Ukraine?
What's that cross for? Are you Catholic?
What's that crunching sound?
What's that disgusting smell?
What's that do to you?
What's that dog doing?
What's that doing here?
What's that doing there?
What's that fan in your hand for? Are you an LGBT guy?
What's that film about?
What's that flask on the counter?
What's that flask on the table?
What's that flower?
What's that for?
What's that funny smell?
What's that funny sound?
What's that furry thing hopping around the garden?
What's that game called?
What's that glass on the counter?
What's that glass on the table?
What's that going to achieve?
What's that going to prove?
What's that got to do with Tom?
What's that got to do with anything?
What's that got to do with her?
What's that got to do with him?
What's that got to do with it?
What's that got to do with me?
What's that got to do with them?
What's that got to do with this?
What's that got to do with us?
What's that got to do with what we're talking about?
What's that got to do with you?
What's that green stuff?
What's that gun on the counter?
What's that gun on the table?
What's that guy's name?
What's that guy's problem?
What's that hammer on the table?
What's that have to do with me?
What's that horrible noise?
What's that horrible smell?
What's that horrible sound?
What's that horse's name?
What's that huge building?
What's that in your bag?
What's that in your hand?
What's that in your hands?
What's that in your mouth?
What's that in your pocket?
What's that in your right hand?
What's that key to?
What's that kid doing here?
What's that knocking sound?
What's that laptop on the table?
What's that lemony smell?
What's that letter about?
What's that like?
What's that little blinking light?
What's that lizard?
What's that look for?
What's that look like to you?
What's that lying on the bed?
What's that machine for?
What's that made out of anyway?
What's that man's name?
What's that map on the table?
What's that mean exactly?
What's that mean?
What's that mug on the counter?
What's that next to the door?
What's that noise I can hear in the background?
What's that noise in the background?
What's that noise?
What's that number?
What's that on the desk?
What's that on the floor?
What's that on the left?
What's that on the plate?
What's that on the right?
What's that on the shelf?
What's that on your arm? Are you breaking out?
What's that on your face?
What's that on your foot?
What's that on your shirt?
What's that over there?
What's that package on the counter?
What's that package?
What's that patch on the wall?
What's that phone on the counter?
What's that phone on the table?
What's that picture inside your locker?
What's that place?
What's that plate on the counter?
What's that plate on the table?
What's that purse on the counter?
What's that purse on the table?
What's that rainbow flag. Are you one of those people?
What's that red stuff?
What's that restaurant's name?
What's that rifle on the counter?
What's that rifle on the table?
What's that robotic voice?
What's that rumbling sound?
What's that rumbling?
What's that scar from?
What's that scar you have?
What's that scratch again?
What's that scratch?
What's that shit on the counter?
What's that shit on the table?
What's that sign?
What's that smell like to you?
What's that smell?
What's that snake called?
What's that song on the radio?
What's that song playing on the radio?
What's that sound?
What's that stain on the wall?
What's that stain on your trousers?
What's that stain?
What's that star?
What's that sticky stuff on your shirt?
What's that strange smell coming from the kitchen?
What's that strange smell?
What's that street called?
What's that stuff?
What's that suitcase on the table?
What's that supposed to be, some kind of sick joke?
What's that supposed to be?
What's that supposed to do?
What's that supposed to mean?
What's that tablet on the counter?
What's that tablet on the table?
What's that tall building?
What's that tall man playing?
What's that there in your bag?
What's that there in your pocket?
What's that there on your T-shirt?
What's that there?
What's that thing called?
What's that thing in your right hand?
What's that thing over there?
What's that thing supposed to do?
What's that thing there?
What's that thing you have in your hand?
What's that thing?
What's that thing? I have absolutely no idea.
What's that tree?
What's that tune you're humming?
What's that under your arm?
What's that under your bed?
What's that under your nose?
What's that used for?
What's that very tall building?
What's that vocabulary?
What's that wallet on the counter?
What's that wallet on the table?
What's that weird smell?
What's that worth?
What's that yellow thing over there?
What's that you have behind your back?
What's that you have in your hands?
What's that you have in your left hand?
What's that you have?
What's that you would like?
What's that you're eating?
What's that you're holding?
What's that you're nicking?
What's that you're singing?
What's that you're working on?
What's that you've got behind your back?
What's that you've got there?
What's that your wearing?
What's that, Cookie? Tom fell down the well?
What's that, a love square?
What's that, buddy?
What's that, little cat? Would you like some sour cream?
What's that?
What's that? A car? More like a rusted can.
What's that? I can't hear you over the sound of my lawnmower!
What's that? Looks like the popemobile.
What's the Ainu language?
What's the Australian ethos?
What's the Berber word for camera?
What's the Berber word for dog?
What's the English for "Ich weiß nicht"? - I don't know. - What the hell, whoever I ask doesn't know!
What's the Executive Order of the day?
What's the F9 button for?
What's the French word for food?
What's the Italian pronunciation of this word?
What's the Quran?
What's the Shift key for?
What's the Spanish for "your face"?
What's the Wi-Fi password?
What's the accusation against him?
What's the actual cost?
What's the actual problem?
What's the address of his website?
What's the address?
What's the admission charge?
What's the admission fee?
What's the age of retirement where you are?
What's the age of the universe?
What's the air defense doing?
What's the air temperature today?
What's the airmail rate?
What's the alternative?
What's the ambassador's name?
What's the answer again?
What's the answer to my question?
What's the answer to that question?
What's the answer to this equation?
What's the answer?
What's the antidote to all of this?
What's the area of this city?
What's the area of this house?
What's the arrival time in Los Angeles?
What's the asking price?
What's the assignment for tomorrow?
What's the assistant's name?
What's the author's book?
What's the average age of an Algerian?
What's the average age of students in this class?
What's the average age of this class?
What's the average annual income of small farmers in Algeria?
What's the average cost of a wedding?
What's the average growth of Algeria's GDP?
What's the average height of the players?
What's the average income in Algeria?
What's the average life expectancy in Algeria?
What's the average life span in Australia?
What's the average lifespan of a butterfly?
What's the average lifespan of a frog?
What's the average lifespan of a passenger plane?
What's the average lifespan of an ostrich?
What's the average salary in Algeria now?
What's the average salary in Algeria?
What's the average temperature here?
What's the average wage in Algeria?
What's the average wage per hour in Germany?
What's the average wage per hour in your country?
What's the bad news?
What's the balance of my account?
What's the barmiest thing you've done?
What's the basis?
What's the benefit of this?
What's the best Christmas present you've ever gotten?
What's the best Christmas present you've ever received?
What's the best Halloween costume you've ever worn?
What's the best advice anybody has ever given you?
What's the best advice anyone has ever given you?
What's the best advice that anybody has ever given you?
What's the best advice that anyone has ever given you?
What's the best advice you've ever been given?
What's the best advice you've ever heard?
What's the best advice you've ever received from a family member?
What's the best advice you've ever received from a stranger?
What's the best advice you've ever received from a teacher?
What's the best advice you've ever received?
What's the best advice you've received?
What's the best birthday present you've ever gotten?
What's the best birthday present you've ever received?
What's the best book you've ever read?
What's the best career advice you've ever received?
What's the best cola you've ever drunk?
What's the best compliment you've ever gotten?
What's the best compliment you've ever received from a colleague?
What's the best compliment you've ever received from a friend?
What's the best compliment you've ever received from a stranger?
What's the best compliment you've ever received?
What's the best concert you've ever attended?
What's the best concert you've ever been to?
What's the best costume you've ever worn to a party?
What's the best costume you've ever worn?
What's the best course of action?
What's the best cure for a hangover?
What's the best cure for loneliness?
What's the best decision you've ever made?
What's the best dessert you've ever eaten?
What's the best dessert you've ever tasted?
What's the best drug for that cancer?
What's the best entertainment in Algiers?
What's the best fertilizer for tomato plants?
What's the best fertilizer for tomatoes?
What's the best food for a hedgehog?
What's the best gift that you've ever been given?
What's the best gift you've ever been given?
What's the best gift you've ever given?
What's the best gift you've ever gotten?
What's the best gift you've ever received?
What's the best hotel in town?
What's the best job you've ever had?
What's the best local beer that you recommend?
What's the best method to learn Berber?
What's the best movie you've ever seen?
What's the best museum you've ever been to?
What's the best operating system?
What's the best piece of advice you've ever received from a family member?
What's the best piece of advice you've ever received?
What's the best place for stargazing here?
What's the best place you've ever visited?
What's the best present you've ever received?
What's the best remedy for colds?
What's the best response to an Islamophobic insult?
What's the best secret to becoming the best Berber teacher?
What's the best sleeping position?
What's the best solution?
What's the best thing that you've ever gotten for Christmas?
What's the best thing that's ever happened to you?
What's the best thing to do in the event of a typhoon?
What's the best thing to do in these cases?
What's the best thing to do in this case?
What's the best thing you've ever gotten for Christmas?
What's the best time for me to come to your office?
What's the best time of the year to visit Australia?
What's the best time of the year to visit Boston?
What's the best time of year to visit Boston?
What's the best time of year to visit Rio?
What's the best time to see the Milky Way?
What's the best travel tip you've ever received?
What's the best university in Germany?
What's the best vacation you've ever taken?
What's the best way for me to get a passport?
What's the best way to approach a girl?
What's the best way to approach a guy?
What's the best way to avoid mosquito bites?
What's the best way to become fluent in French?
What's the best way to catch mice?
What's the best way to chop an onion?
What's the best way to clean this?
What's the best way to connect with fellow travelers on the road?
What's the best way to contact Tom?
What's the best way to contact you?
What's the best way to cook lentils?
What's the best way to deal with arrogant people?
What's the best way to deal with depression?
What's the best way to deal with stupid people?
What's the best way to do it?
What's the best way to do that?
What's the best way to do this?
What's the best way to eat this?
What's the best way to get downtown from here?
What's the best way to get downtown?
What's the best way to get from the hotel to the station?
What's the best way to get in touch with you?
What's the best way to get into town?
What's the best way to get out of here?
What's the best way to get over a cold?
What's the best way to get over a hangover?
What's the best way to get rid of a headache?
What's the best way to get rid of mosquitoes?
What's the best way to get there?
What's the best way to get to Australia?
What's the best way to get to Boston from here?
What's the best way to get to Boston?
What's the best way to get to Tom's apartment from here?
What's the best way to get to Tom's from here?
What's the best way to get to Tom's house from here?
What's the best way to get to Tom's place from here?
What's the best way to get to the City Hall?
What's the best way to get to the airport from here?
What's the best way to get to the airport?
What's the best way to get to the city centre?
What's the best way to get to the domestic airport from here?
What's the best way to get to the station?
What's the best way to get to the town centre?
What's the best way to get to the zoo?
What's the best way to handle a complaint?
What's the best way to keep yourself from yawning?
What's the best way to learn Berber?
What's the best way to learn French?
What's the best way to learn a foreign language?
What's the best way to learn a language?
What's the best way to learn how to swim?
What's the best way to learn your language? Would you recommend any book?
What's the best way to lose weight?
What's the best way to overcome depression?
What's the best way to paint a chair?
What's the best way to pour wine?
What's the best way to prevent injuries?
What's the best way to punish a dog?
What's the best way to remove ear wax?
What's the best way to resolve the problem?
What's the best way to save money?
What's the best way to say that in French?
What's the best way to say this in French?
What's the best way to solve this problem?
What's the best way to stop your children becoming atheists?
What's the best way to study French?
What's the best way to tell someone that you don't like them?
What's the best way to tell someone you don't like them?
What's the best way to thaw beef?
What's the best way to the railway station?
What's the best way to the station?
What's the best way to travel?
What's the big attraction?
What's the big deal about checking my email every 15 minutes?
What's the big deal anyway?
What's the big deal with Tom?
What's the big deal, Ziri?
What's the big deal?
What's the big deal? People do this all the time.
What's the big deal?!
What's the big emergency?
What's the big fuss?
What's the big hurry?
What's the big idea?
What's the big mystery?
What's the big news?
What's the big occasion today?
What's the big picture?
What's the big rush?
What's the big secret?
What's the big surprise?
What's the biggest adventure you've been on?
What's the biggest bank in Algeria?
What's the biggest city in Australia?
What's the biggest difference?
What's the biggest fish you've caught?
What's the biggest mistake you've ever made?
What's the biggest risk you've ever taken?
What's the biggest threat to Algeria's stability?
What's the biggest threat to Algeria?
What's the bin doing on the pavement?
What's the bird like?
What's the boarding time?
What's the boiling point of water?
What's the bottom line?
What's the box of condoms for?
What's the budget?
What's the building like?
What's the bus fare?
What's the busiest airport in the world?
What's the capacity of your motorbike's engine?
What's the capital city of Africa?
What's the capital city of Finland?
What's the capital of Algeria?
What's the capital of Australia?
What's the capital of Bashkortostan?
What's the capital of Belarus?
What's the capital of Brazil called?
What's the capital of Burkina Faso called?
What's the capital of China?
What's the capital of Denmark?
What's the capital of Egypt called?
What's the capital of Egypt?
What's the capital of Estonia?
What's the capital of Finland?
What's the capital of France?
What's the capital of Haiti called?
What's the capital of Hungary?
What's the capital of Iraq?
What's the capital of Japan?
What's the capital of Latvia?
What's the capital of Lesotho called?
What's the capital of Lithuania called?
What's the capital of Lithuania?
What's the capital of Madagascar called?
What's the capital of Norway?
What's the capital of Romania?
What's the capital of Russia?
What's the capital of Scotland?
What's the capital of Senegal called?
What's the capital of Slovakia?
What's the capital of Sweden?
What's the capital of Syria?
What's the capital of Taiwan?
What's the capital of Ukraine?
What's the capital of the Netherlands?
What's the capital of the Ukraine?
What's the capital of the United States?
What's the cash limit on this card?
What's the cat doing?
What's the cat's name?
What's the catch?
What's the cause of depression?
What's the cause of my condition?
What's the cause of this downfall?
What's the cause?
What's the champagne for?
What's the chance of that ever happening again?
What's the chance of this happening again?
What's the charge?
What's the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to Moscow?
What's the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to Tokyo?
What's the cheapest place to go on vacation?
What's the cheapest supermarket chain in Australia?
What's the cheapest way for me to get to Boston?
What's the cheapest way to get to Australia?
What's the cheapest way to get to Boston?
What's the chemical formula for hydrogen peroxide?
What's the chemical symbol for hydrobromic acid?
What's the chord progression?
What's the climate like in your country?
What's the climate there like?
What's the closest cross street?
What's the closest planet to the sun?
What's the club about?
What's the color of Tom's hair?
What's the color of your blood?!
What's the colour of her hair?
What's the colour of the door of her house?
What's the combination for the safe?
What's the combination to this safe?
What's the combination?
What's the commotion about?
What's the commotion all about?
What's the commotion?
What's the company's tax identification code?
What's the competition doing better?
What's the concept all about?
What's the connection?
What's the context?
What's the controversy?
What's the correct answer?
What's the correct religion?
What's the cost of car ownership in Algeria?
What's the cost of manufacturing this rocket?
What's the cost?
What's the costliest film of all time?
What's the country with the highest population density in the world?
What's the craziest thing that you've done?
What's the craziest thing that you've ever done?
What's the craziest thing you've done lately?
What's the craziest thing you've done this year?
What's the craziest thing you've done?
What's the craziest thing you've ever done?
What's the craziest thing you’ve done in the name of love?
What's the cure for abandonment issues?
What's the current exchange rate between the Algerian dinar and the US dollar?
What's the current situation in Australia?
What's the current situation?
What's the daily fee?
What's the daily rate for a Toyota?
What's the daily rate?
What's the daily tariff.
What's the damage?
What's the date of the letter?
What's the date on the letter?
What's the date today?
What's the date?
What's the day today?
What's the deadliest creature in the ocean?
What's the deal here?
What's the deal with Portugal?
What's the deal with Tom?
What's the deal with airline food?
What's the deal with that Tom fellow?
What's the deal with that?
What's the deal with you and Tom?
What's the deal?
What's the dealio?
What's the deductible on your insurance?
What's the deepest lake in Australia?
What's the deepest lake in the world?
What's the deficit of Algeria's pension system?
What's the definition of jazz?
What's the definition of radical Islam?
What's the delay?
What's the departure time?
What's the dessert?
What's the destination of this ship?
What's the destination?
What's the diagnosis?
What's the difference between "May I" and "Can I"?
What's the difference between "aun" and "aún" in Spanish?
What's the difference between "maths" and "arithmetic"?
What's the difference between "omelet" and "omelette"?
What's the difference between A and B?
What's the difference between Algeria and Morocco?
What's the difference between American and British English?
What's the difference between American and Canadian football?
What's the difference between CC and BCC?
What's the difference between Cantonese and Mandarin?
What's the difference between Earth and Mars?
What's the difference between HPV and HIV?
What's the difference between Islam and Hinduism?
What's the difference between Quebecois and Parisian French?
What's the difference between Russians and Slavs?
What's the difference between Tom and Mary?
What's the difference between Western banking and Islamic banking?
What's the difference between a bicycle and a motorcycle?
What's the difference between a cloister and a church?
What's the difference between a cocoon and a chrysalis?
What's the difference between a dictatorship and a monarchy?
What's the difference between a djinn and a genie?
What's the difference between a dog and a wolf?
What's the difference between a duck?
What's the difference between a fable and a fairytale?
What's the difference between a football manager and a head coach—are they just different names for the same role, or are they actually distinct positions?
What's the difference between a friend and a lover?
What's the difference between a frittata and an omelet?
What's the difference between a fursuit and a kigurumi?
What's the difference between a fursuit and an animal onesie?
What's the difference between a hedgehog and a porcupine?
What's the difference between a horse and a pony?
What's the difference between a hyphen and a dash?
What's the difference between a jackal and a wolf?
What's the difference between a magazine and a newspaper?
What's the difference between a miniskirt and a microskirt?
What's the difference between a mirage and a hallucination?
What's the difference between a penguin and an auk?
What's the difference between a piano and a fish?
What's the difference between a prelate and a bishop?
What's the difference between a prose poem and regular prose?
What's the difference between a puffin and a penguin?
What's the difference between a quadrangle and a quadrilateral?
What's the difference between a rabbit and a hare?
What's the difference between a religion and a cult?
What's the difference between a scooter and a moped?
What's the difference between a star and a planet?
What's the difference between a step-brother and a half-brother?
What's the difference between a step-sister and a half-sister?
What's the difference between a stock and a bond?
What's the difference between a stream and a river?
What's the difference between a superstition and an urban myth?
What's the difference between a tangerine and a mandarin orange?
What's the difference between a toucan and a parrot?
What's the difference between a train driver and a teacher? One minds the train, the other trains the mind.
What's the difference between a turtle and a tortoise?
What's the difference between a typical owl and a barn owl?
What's the difference between a vegetarian and a vegan?
What's the difference between a village and a city?
What's the difference between a village and a town?
What's the difference between a violin and a piano? A piano burns longer.
What's the difference between a vulva and a vagina?
What's the difference between a wall and a hedge?
What's the difference between a winner and a loser?
What's the difference between a wizard and a sorcerer?
What's the difference between absorption and adsorption?
What's the difference between adjoining and connecting rooms in a hotel?
What's the difference between ale and lager?
What's the difference between an apple and a potato?
What's the difference between an eagle-owl and a barn owl?
What's the difference between an emu and an ostrich?
What's the difference between an epidemic and a pandemic?
What's the difference between an osteria and a trattoria?
What's the difference between an owl and a barn owl?
What's the difference between asteroids and comets?
What's the difference between astronomy and astrology?
What's the difference between badminton and tennis?
What's the difference between beach sand and desert sand?
What's the difference between boiling and simmering?
What's the difference between cabbage and lettuce?
What's the difference between chicken breast and chicken thigh?
What's the difference between chopped and diced?
What's the difference between clog dancing and tap dancing?
What's the difference between clogging and tap dancing?
What's the difference between cows and bulls?
What's the difference between djinn and demons?
What's the difference between faith and trust?
What's the difference between fermentation and decay?
What's the difference between fermentation and putrefaction?
What's the difference between fermentation and putrescence?
What's the difference between fission and fusion?
What's the difference between football and soccer?
What's the difference between glass and earthenware?
What's the difference between humans and other animals?
What's the difference between jam and marmalade?
What's the difference between judo and jiu-jitsu?
What's the difference between liking and loving someone?
What's the difference between lions and leopards?
What's the difference between love and adoration?
What's the difference between microbes and bacteria?
What's the difference between milk and buttermilk?
What's the difference between nomenclature and taxonomy?
What's the difference between orcs and goblins?
What's the difference between passé and blasé?
What's the difference between permanent residency status and naturalization?
What's the difference between regular mail and certified mail?
What's the difference between religion and philosophy?
What's the difference between resin and rosin?
What's the difference between romantic and platonic love?
What's the difference between sarcasm and irony?
What's the difference between science and pseudo-science?
What's the difference between sentences that are marked with a blue arrow versus those with a gray one?
What's the difference between snails and slugs?
What's the difference between snow and a blizzard?
What's the difference between taking a course and reading a book?
What's the difference between taxonomy and ontology?
What's the difference between the new minister-president and a telephone? You can hang up the telephone if you dial a wrong number.
What's the difference between the pharynx and larynx?
What's the difference between the two?
What's the difference between the verbs "to watch" and "to see"?
What's the difference between these two words?
What's the difference between these two?
What's the difference between these?
What's the difference between this and that?
What's the difference between this one and that one?
What's the difference who did what?
What's the difference who said what?
What's the difference?
What's the dish of the day?
What's the distance between Australia and New Zealand?
What's the distance between Boston and Chicago?
What's the distance between Dhaka and Beijing?
What's the distance between Dhaka and Kolkata?
What's the distance between Guangzhou and Beijing?
What's the distance between Lagos and Cairo?
What's the distance between Lagos and Chongqing?
What's the distance between Los Angeles and New York?
What's the distance between Mexico City and São Paulo?
What's the distance between Mumbai and Delhi?
What's the distance between New York and Mexico City?
What's the distance between Tokyo and São Paulo?
What's the distance between here and there?
What's the distance between these two cities?
What's the distance from here to Boston?
What's the distance from here to Salamanca?
What's the distance?
What's the dog like?
What's the dog's name?
What's the dollar rate now?
What's the dollar rate today?
What's the door locked for?
What's the downside of living here?
What's the driving force behind all your actions?
What's the dumbest thing that you've ever done?
What's the dumbest thing you did as a kid?
What's the dumbest thing you've ever done?
What's the dustbin doing on the footpath?
What's the easiest Romance language to learn?
What's the easiest brass instrument to learn to play?
What's the easiest language to learn?
What's the easiest language?
What's the easiest way to do that?
What's the easiest way to get to Boston?
What's the easiest way to get to Doncaster?
What's the easiest way to get to the station?
What's the easiest way to learn Berber?
What's the easiest way to learn French?
What's the economic impact of COVID-19 on Algeria's economy?
What's the effect of taking the medication orally versus applying it as eye drops?
What's the electricity consumption rate in Algiers?
What's the element that differentiates us from animals?
What's the email?
What's the emergency code?
What's the emergency?
What's the energy situation in Algeria?
What's the entrance fee?
What's the estimated cost of constructing Algeria's Green Dam?
What's the ethnolinguistic makeup of Mali?
What's the etymology of this Berber word?
What's the etymology of this word?
What's the evidence that God doesn't exist?
What's the evidence that disproves that God doesn't exist?
What's the evidence?
What's the exact time now?
What's the exact time?
What's the exchange rate between the Algerian dinar and the US dollar?
What's the exchange rate today?
What's the expiration date on your passport?
What's the explanation for that?
What's the fare to Liverpool?
What's the fastest land animal in the world?
What's the fastest way out of here?
What's the fastest way to Boston?
What's the fastest way to do that?
What's the fastest way to get downtown?
What's the fastest way to get into town?
What's the fastest way to get the airport from here?
What's the fastest way to get there from here?
What's the fastest way to get to Boston?
What's the fastest way to get to Manhattan?
What's the fastest way to get to the airport from here?
What's the fastest way to get to the airport?
What's the fastest way to get to the beach from here?
What's the fastest way to get to the post office from here?
What's the fastest way to get to the post office?
What's the fastest way to get to the zoo from here?
What's the fastest way to get to the zoo?
What's the fastest way to learn Berber?
What's the fastest way to learn a language?
What's the fax number for this hotel?
What's the file extension?
What's the final count?
What's the fine?
What's the first country that started the Panama Canal?
What's the first day of the year?
What's the first letter of the alphabet?
What's the first name on your list?
What's the first question that comes to your mind?
What's the first thing on the list?
What's the first thing that springs to mind about Algiers?
What's the first thing we have to do?
What's the first thing we should do?
What's the first thing you did when you woke up this morning?
What's the first thing you did?
What's the first thing you do in the morning after getting out of bed?
What's the first thing you do in the morning?
What's the first thing you do when you wake up?
What's the first thing you notice about someone?
What's the first thing you remember?
What's the first thing you want to do when you get back to Australia?
What's the first thing you'd do if The Purge was real?
What's the first thing you're going to do when you get back to Boston?
What's the first thing you're going to do?
What's the flight number?
What's the flight's scheduled arrival time?
What's the food like in Australia?
What's the forecast for tomorrow?
What's the forecast?
What's the freezing point of water?
What's the frequency of the processor?
What's the fruit of labor?
What's the fuck ? It's precisely what the fuck is !
What's the fucking point of living like this, guys?
What's the fun in that?
What's the fun in this?
What's the funniest movie you've ever seen?
What's the funniest thing that you've ever done?
What's the funniest thing that's ever happened to you?
What's the funniest thing that's happened to you this month?
What's the funniest thing you've ever done?
What's the fuss about?
What's the fuss all about?
What's the future of Native American languages in the United States?
What's the future of the Berber language?
What's the game plan here?
What's the garnish for this drink?
What's the gift you'd most like to receive from your partner?
What's the go for the afternoon?
What's the go?
What's the goal?
What's the golden rule?
What's the good news?
What's the good of doing it?
What's the good of having a car if you don't drive?
What's the good of it?
What's the grossest thing you've ever seen eaten in a movie?
What's the gun for? Some score to settle?
What's the haplogroup of North Africa's Berber populations?
What's the happy news?
What's the happy occasion?
What's the hardest language you know?
What's the hardest language you've learned?
What's the hardest language?
What's the hardest part of your job?
What's the hardest thing about learning a foreign language?
What's the hardest thing about learning a language?
What's the hardest thing you've ever done?
What's the hardest tongue-twister in your language?
What's the hardest woodwind instrument to play?
What's the harm in doing that?
What's the harm in that?
What's the harm in trying to do that?
What's the harm in trying?
What's the harm?
What's the healthiest way to cook medlars?
What's the height of the Empire State Building?
What's the highest building in Australia?
What's the highest mountain in Australia?
What's the highest mountain in Europe?
What's the highest mountain in the world?
What's the highest number of hens you've ever heard clucking at the same time?
What's the highest point in Algeria?
What's the highest proof tequila in the world?
What's the highest village in Kabylie?
What's the historian's duty?
What's the hold up?
What's the holdup?
What's the horse's name?
What's the hotkey for inserting a non-breaking space?
What's the hub of Algeria's economy?
What's the hurry?
What's the idea behind that?
What's the idea of throwing that stone?
What's the idea?
What's the ideal age for a girl?
What's the ideal age for a man?
What's the ideal approach to mastering a foreign language?
What's the impetus underlying all of your actions?
What's the income per capita in Algeria?
What's the infinitive of this verb?
What's the inflation level in Algeria?
What's the inflation rate in Algeria?
What's the intention?
What's the interest rate?
What's the investment rate in Algeria?
What's the island's population?
What's the issue between the two of them?
What's the issue if I carry them all?
What's the issue?
What's the jacket made of?
What's the job description?
What's the job hunt like?
What's the job this time?
What's the job?
What's the joke?
What's the key to happiness?
What's the key to success?
What's the key to your success?
What's the language spoken in Brittany?
What's the largest airport in the world?
What's the largest city in Australia?
What's the largest city in Germany?
What's the largest city in the country?
What's the largest country in Africa?
What's the largest dam in Algeria?
What's the largest dinosaur that ever lived?
What's the largest forest in the world?
What's the largest lake in Algeria by volume?
What's the largest lake in Algeria?
What's the largest lake in Australia?
What's the largest lake in the world?
What's the largest prime number smaller than a googolplex?
What's the largest religious authority in Algeria?
What's the last day of the year called?
What's the last inflation reported in Algeria?
What's the last letter of the alphabet?
What's the last recorded unemployment rate in Algeria?
What's the last thing that you remember?
What's the last thing you ate?
What's the last thing you remember before blacking out?
What's the last thing you remember doing?
What's the last thing you remember?
What's the last thing you were ever happy about?
What's the last thing your remember before you blacked out?
What's the latest news from Ukraine?
What's the latest news from home?
What's the latest news?
What's the latest with Tom?
What's the latest?
What's the lead singer's name?
What's the leadership style you work the best with?
What's the least expensive way to get to Australia?
What's the least expensive way to get to Boston?
What's the legal basis of your refusal to answer these questions?
What's the length of this bridge?
What's the length of your penis?
What's the length?
What's the lesson here?
What's the level of stimulation our brains need?
What's the life expectancy of an average Algerian?
What's the likelihood of you being sacked?
What's the likelihood of you getting the sack?
What's the limit?
What's the local specialty?
What's the local time in Boston now?
What's the local time in Tokyo now?
What's the logic behind this plan?
What's the logic behind this?
What's the longest English word?
What's the longest French word you know?
What's the longest French word?
What's the longest German word?
What's the longest bridge in Algeria?
What's the longest relationship you've had before this one?
What's the longest river in Australia?
What's the longest river in Germany?
What's the longest river in Japan?
What's the longest river in the world?
What's the longest sentence you've ever recorded your voice over?
What's the longest trip you've ever taken?
What's the longest trip you've taken?
What's the longest tunnel in the world and where is it located?
What's the longest tunnel in the world?
What's the longest word in French?
What's the longest word in the world?
What's the longest you've ever slept?
What's the longest you've gone without sleep and why?
What's the lowest point in Algeria?
What's the luckiest thing that has ever happened to you?
What's the luckiest thing that has happened to you?
What's the luckiest thing that's ever happened to you?
What's the maddest thing you've done?
What's the maddest thing you've ever done?
What's the magic word?
What's the magnification of your telescope?
What's the main advantage of doing that the way you suggest?
What's the main difference between a motorcycle and a bicycle?
What's the main message of Islam?
What's the main message of this book?
What's the main point you want to express in your writing?
What's the main purpose of this plan?
What's the main reason behind Algeria's economic crisis?
What's the main reason you don't want to move to Boston?
What's the main reason?
What's the male equivalent of a starlet?
What's the material?
What's the matter again?
What's the matter now, Tom?
What's the matter now?
What's the matter with Tom today?
What's the matter with Tom?
What's the matter with everybody?
What's the matter with everyone?
What's the matter with her?
What's the matter with him?
What's the matter with it?
What's the matter with me?
What's the matter with that?
What's the matter with the lights?
What's the matter with them?
What's the matter with this one?
What's the matter with this thing?
What's the matter with this?
What's the matter with those dogs?
What's the matter with us?
What's the matter with you guys?
What's the matter with you lately?
What's the matter with you lot?
What's the matter with you people?
What's the matter with you today?
What's the matter with you?
What's the matter with you? Are you nuts?
What's the matter with you? You look pale.
What's the matter with your back?
What's the matter with your dog?
What's the matter, Jane? You look like you aren't feeling well.
What's the matter, Mary? You can talk to me if you want.
What's the matter, Tom?
What's the matter, Tom? Are you crying?
What's the matter, Tom? Are you going to cry?
What's the matter, dad? Why are you grimacing like that?
What's the matter, darling?
What's the matter, dear?
What's the matter, honey?
What's the matter, love?
What's the matter, pumpkin?
What's the matter, sir?
What's the matter, some boy problems?
What's the matter, sweetheart?
What's the matter, sweetie?
What's the matter?
What's the matter? Are you ill?
What's the matter? Just tell me.
What's the matter? Where have you hurt yourself?
What's the matter? Why are you crying?
What's the matter? You haven't even touched your quiche.
What's the matter? You look pale.
What's the matter? You look sad.
What's the matter? You look very angry.
What's the matter? You're not looking quite yourself.
What's the matter? You've been fidgety since this morning. You seem out of it.
What's the maximum age for getting the free children's meal at the new restaurant?
What's the maximum capacity of the food processor?
What's the meaning of MILF?
What's the meaning of Medea's words?
What's the meaning of Ziri's treason?
What's the meaning of an asterisk in a regular expression?
What's the meaning of life?
What's the meaning of meaning?
What's the meaning of that word?
What's the meaning of that?
What's the meaning of these words?
What's the meaning of this Berber word?
What's the meaning of this laughter?
What's the meaning of this phrase?
What's the meaning of this sentence?
What's the meaning of this word?
What's the meaning of this?
What's the meaning you get out of it?
What's the meat? Is it good?
What's the medium income in Algeria?
What's the meeting about?
What's the meeting going to be about?
What's the message here?
What's the message?
What's the mileage on this car?
What's the minimum salary in Afghanistan?
What's the minimum salary in Albania?
What's the minimum salary in Argentina?
What's the minimum salary in Austria?
What's the minimum salary in Belarus?
What's the minimum salary in Belgium?
What's the minimum salary in Brasil?
What's the minimum salary in Bulgaria?
What's the minimum salary in Canada?
What's the minimum salary in Chile?
What's the minimum salary in China?
What's the minimum salary in Congo?
What's the minimum salary in Croatia?
What's the minimum salary in Cuba?
What's the minimum salary in Cyprus?
What's the minimum salary in Denmark?
What's the minimum salary in Egypt?
What's the minimum salary in England?
What's the minimum salary in Estonia?
What's the minimum salary in Finland?
What's the minimum salary in France?
What's the minimum salary in Georgia?
What's the minimum salary in Germany?
What's the minimum salary in Ghana?
What's the minimum salary in Gibraltar?
What's the minimum salary in Greece?
What's the minimum salary in Guatemala?
What's the minimum salary in Iceland?
What's the minimum salary in India?
What's the minimum salary in Iraq?
What's the minimum salary in Ireland?
What's the minimum salary in Italy?
What's the minimum salary in Jamaica?
What's the minimum salary in Japan?
What's the minimum salary in Kenya?
What's the minimum salary in Latvia?
What's the minimum salary in Lebanon?
What's the minimum salary in Libya?
What's the minimum salary in Liechtenstein?
What's the minimum salary in Lithuania?
What's the minimum salary in Luxembourg?
What's the minimum salary in Mexico?
What's the minimum salary in Morocco?
What's the minimum salary in Namibia?
What's the minimum salary in New Zealand?
What's the minimum salary in Nigeria?
What's the minimum salary in Northern Ireland?
What's the minimum salary in Norway?
What's the minimum salary in Pakistan?
What's the minimum salary in Portugal?
What's the minimum salary in Romania?
What's the minimum salary in Russia?
What's the minimum salary in Scotland?
What's the minimum salary in Sierra Leone?
What's the minimum salary in Slovakia?
What's the minimum salary in Slovenia?
What's the minimum salary in South Africa?
What's the minimum salary in Spain?
What's the minimum salary in Sweden?
What's the minimum salary in Switzerland?
What's the minimum salary in Syria?
What's the minimum salary in Turkey?
What's the minimum salary in Ukraine?
What's the minimum salary in the Czech Republic?
What's the minimum salary in the Netherlands?
What's the minimum salary in the United Kingdom?
What's the minimum salary in the United States?
What's the minimum salary in your country?
What's the minimum salary?
What's the minimum wage in Algeria?
What's the minimum wage in Australia?
What's the minimum wage in Germany?
What's the minimum wage in Ghana?
What's the minimum wage in Italy?
What's the minimum wage in Poland?
What's the minimum wage in your country?
What's the minimum wage of Algeria?
What's the minimum wage?
What's the minimum wager?
What's the mistake?
What's the money for?
What's the monthly inflation rate in Algeria?
What's the moral of the story?
What's the moral of this story?
What's the moral that can be learnt from this story?
What's the most addictive game you've ever played?
What's the most adventurous activity you've done abroad?
What's the most adventurous thing you've ever done?
What's the most awe-inspiring historical site you've explored?
What's the most awe-inspiring landmark you've visited?
What's the most beautiful city in Germany?
What's the most beautiful language in the world?
What's the most beautiful natural landscape you've encountered?
What's the most beautiful place in the world?
What's the most beautiful place you've ever visited?
What's the most beautiful thing you've ever seen?
What's the most bizarre mode of transportation you've experienced?
What's the most breathtaking natural phenomenon you've witnessed?
What's the most breathtaking place you've ever visited?
What's the most breathtaking sunrise or sunset you've witnessed?
What's the most challenging aspect of traveling for an extended period?
What's the most challenging situation you've faced while traveling?
What's the most challenging thing about learning a foreign language?
What's the most convenient way to get to Tokyo Station?
What's the most convenient way to get to the airport?
What's the most cost-effective way for Algeria to achieve this?
What's the most dangerous slum in Rio de Janeiro?
What's the most dangerous thing you've ever done?
What's the most daring thing you've ever done?
What's the most delicious fruit in Japan?
What's the most delicious street food you've tried abroad?
What's the most difficult part of studying Japanese?
What's the most difficult part of your job?
What's the most difficult thing about karate?
What's the most difficult thing about learning French?
What's the most difficult thing about learning how to drive?
What's the most disgusting food you've ever eaten?
What's the most effective method to learn a new language?
What's the most effective remedy for a headache?
What's the most effective remedy for headaches?
What's the most effective way to learn a language?
What's the most embarrassing thing that has ever happened to you?
What's the most embarrassing thing that's ever happened to you?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever had happen to you?
What's the most exciting movie you've ever seen?
What's the most exciting thing you've done this year?
What's the most exotic food you've tried?
What's the most expensive piece of clothing you've ever bought?
What's the most expensive thing you've ever bought?
What's the most famous college in the world?
What's the most famous team in your country?
What's the most fascinating cultural festival you've attended?
What's the most fascinating local tradition you've witnessed?
What's the most fascinating museum or art gallery you've visited?
What's the most fun you've ever had?
What's the most heartwarming act of kindness you've received from a stranger?
What's the most hens you've heard clucking at the same time?
What's the most important lesson life has taught you?
What's the most important lesson that life has taught you?
What's the most important lesson you've learned from a failure?
What's the most important part of a good education?
What's the most important point?
What's the most important thing in life?
What's the most important thing in the world to you?
What's the most important thing to you as a Muslim?
What's the most important thing to you?
What's the most important to be doing now?
What's the most impressive piece of local architecture you've seen?
What's the most industrialized area in Algeria?
What's the most influential newspaper in Algeria?
What's the most insincere sentence you've ever heard?
What's the most inspiring book you've ever read?
What's the most inspiring book you've read?
What's the most inspiring movie you've ever seen?
What's the most inspiring travel quote that resonates with you?
What's the most interesting book you've read recently?
What's the most interesting historical site you've explored?
What's the most interesting job you've ever had?
What's the most interesting place you've ever visited?
What's the most interesting place you've visited?
What's the most interesting thing you ate on your trip?
What's the most interesting thing you can see out of your office or kitchen window?
What's the most interesting thing you've done this year?
What's the most interesting thing you've ever done?
What's the most interesting thing you've learned lately?
What's the most interesting thing you've learned recently?
What's the most interesting wildlife encounter you've had?
What's the most intriguing local legend you've heard?
What's the most ironic thing you've encountered?
What's the most logical explanation?
What's the most meaningful encounter you've had with a fellow traveler?
What's the most memorable cultural experience you've had abroad?
What's the most memorable trip you've ever taken?
What's the most mesmerizing street art or graffiti you've seen?
What's the most poisonous mushroom?
What's the most popular alcoholic drink in Australia?
What's the most popular dog breed in Australia?
What's the most popular dog breed in the world?
What's the most popular dog breed?
What's the most popular dog in Australia?
What's the most popular dog in the world?
What's the most popular entertainment?
What's the most popular library?
What's the most popular spectator sport in Australia?
What's the most popular spectator sport in your country?
What's the most popular sport in America?
What's the most popular sport in Australia?
What's the most popular sport in the world?
What's the most popular sport in your country?
What's the most read book in the world?
What's the most remote or isolated place you've visited?
What's the most remote or off-grid accommodation you've stayed in?
What's the most ridiculous question you've ever been asked?
What's the most ridiculous thing you've ever heard someone say?
What's the most ridiculous thing you've ever heard?
What's the most ridiculous thing you've ever seen someone do?
What's the most serene and peaceful destination you've been to?
What's the most sneezes in a row?
What's the most thrilling adventure sport or activity you've tried?
What's the most trouble you've ever gotten into?
What's the most underrated cuisine you've tried during your travels?
What's the most underrated travel destination in your opinion?
What's the most unique accommodation you've stayed in?
What's the most unique local dish you've tried?
What's the most unusual pet you've ever seen?
What's the most unusual place you've been to?
What's the most unusual thing you've ever eaten?
What's the most valuable advice you've ever received?
What's the most valuable item you've collected during your travels?
What's the most valuable lesson you've learned from your travels?
What's the most valuable travel lesson you've learned from a mistake?
What's the most vibrant local market you've explored?
What's the most-read book in the world at the moment?
What's the most-read book in the world?
What's the motivation behind every action you take?
What's the movie about?
What's the murder rate in Algeria?
What's the name economic center of Algeria?
What's the name for an author who writes books or speeches for other people?
What's the name of Australia's capital city?
What's the name of Tom's bar?
What's the name of Tom's boat?
What's the name of Tom's dog?
What's the name of Tom's girlfriend?
What's the name of Tom's store?
What's the name of her latest album?
What's the name of her teacher?
What's the name of my doctor?
What's the name of our CEO?
What's the name of that Italian who works for Fiat?
What's the name of that beautiful woman?
What's the name of that bird?
What's the name of that church there with the leaning spire?
What's the name of that fat girl you used to date in high school?
What's the name of that film which we watched last night?
What's the name of that game?
What's the name of that horse?
What's the name of that piece?
What's the name of that restaurant?
What's the name of that snake that kills its prey by constricting it?
What's the name of that station?
What's the name of that store again, please?
What's the name of that street the tram goes through?
What's the name of that street the tram runs through?
What's the name of the bar where Tom works?
What's the name of the book that Tom is reading?
What's the name of the bus stop near Tom's house?
What's the name of the capital of Burkina Faso?
What's the name of the capital of Cyprus?
What's the name of the capital of Egypt?
What's the name of the capital of Finland?
What's the name of the capital of Kenya?
What's the name of the capital of Libya?
What's the name of the capital of Qatar?
What's the name of the capital of Sweden?
What's the name of the capital of Taiwan?
What's the name of the capital of Turkmenistan?
What's the name of the capital of Venezuela?
What's the name of the capital of Yemen?
What's the name of the capital of the Netherlands?
What's the name of the church there with the crooked steeple?
What's the name of the company where Tom works?
What's the name of the company you work for?
What's the name of the country that's inside South Africa?
What's the name of the disease Tom died of?
What's the name of the disease that Tom died of?
What's the name of the film we watched yesterday?
What's the name of the film which you like the most?
What's the name of the folk song that Mr. Tsugi sang in that TV drama?
What's the name of the game you're playing?
What's the name of the girl we saw at the festival that day?
What's the name of the girl we saw at the festival?
What's the name of the highest mountain in Germany?
What's the name of the highest mountain in that country?
What's the name of the hotel you stayed at?
What's the name of the joint we went to last night?
What's the name of the last guy you dated?
What's the name of the man who made you so distrustful of the entire male gender?
What's the name of the man who was talking to you?
What's the name of the man whose car you borrowed?
What's the name of the most famous war criminal?
What's the name of the mountain range?
What's the name of the movie we watched yesterday?
What's the name of the movie you're watching?
What's the name of the new Chief of Police?
What's the name of the new apprentice?
What's the name of the new building?
What's the name of the new trainee?
What's the name of the next station?
What's the name of the next stop?
What's the name of the party you're calling?
What's the name of the person who helped you?
What's the name of the person who recommended us to you?
What's the name of the person you want paged?
What's the name of the piece that the orchestra's playing?
What's the name of the piece the orchestra's playing?
What's the name of the place?
What's the name of the restaurant where Tom works?
What's the name of the school that Tom goes to?
What's the name of the school where Tom goes?
What's the name of the ship that you served on?
What's the name of the ship you served on?
What's the name of the song that Tom and Mary were singing?
What's the name of the song that Tom is playing?
What's the name of the song that Tom is singing?
What's the name of the song that Tom was singing?
What's the name of the store where Tom works?
What's the name of the store where you bought that?
What's the name of the street the tram goes down?
What's the name of the tower in Paris that was built by the engineer Eiffel and named after its designer?
What's the name of these shoes?
What's the name of this app?
What's the name of this bird?
What's the name of this building?
What's the name of this drink?
What's the name of this film?
What's the name of this flower with serrated petals? I tried looking it up in a encyclopedia, but I couldn't get anything.
What's the name of this flower?
What's the name of this fruit?
What's the name of this intersection?
What's the name of this island?
What's the name of this movie?
What's the name of this park?
What's the name of this place?
What's the name of this river?
What's the name of this road?
What's the name of this sea?
What's the name of this song?
What's the name of this station?
What's the name of this street, please?
What's the name of this street?
What's the name of this town?
What's the name of this tree?
What's the name of this tune?
What's the name of this vegetable?
What's the name of this village?
What's the name of your ISP?
What's the name of your band?
What's the name of your dog?
What's the name of your eldest brother?
What's the name of your favorite restaurant?
What's the name of your favourite film?
What's the name of your horse?
What's the name of your hotel?
What's the name of your insurance company?
What's the name of your pharmacy?
What's the name of your school?
What's the name of your ship?
What's the name of your son?
What's the name of your teacher?
What's the name of your team?
What's the name of your university?
What's the name of your web page?
What's the name of your website?
What's the name?
What's the nationality of that cameraman over there?
What's the nature of your complaint?
What's the nature of your emergency?
What's the nature of your problem?
What's the nearest planet to the sun?
What's the new English teacher's name?
What's the new apprentice called?
What's the new boy's name?
What's the new building's name?
What's the new class like?
What's the new guy's name?
What's the new language that was added?
What's the new teacher like?
What's the new trainee called?
What's the new trainee's name?
What's the news?
What's the next math problem?
What's the next station?
What's the next step to be done?
What's the next step?
What's the next stop?
What's the next thing you remember?
What's the nicest thing Tom has ever done for you?
What's the nicest thing someone has done for you?
What's the note say?
What's the number for the Tokyo Dome?
What's the number for the police?
What's the number of social security members in Algeria?
What's the number of the fax machine in this hotel?
What's the number of the party you are trying to reach?
What's the number of the taxi company "Dazhong"?
What's the number?
What's the objection?
What's the occasion?
What's the official language of Tunisia?
What's the official leaf of Canada?
What's the oldest city in the world?
What's the oldest thing you own?
What's the one thing you love to do most?
What's the one thing you want more than anything else?
What's the one thing you would have done differently?
What's the one thing you would've done differently?
What's the opposite of "cold?"
What's the opposite of "loneliness?"
What's the opposite of "love?"
What's the opposite of "outgoing?"
What's the opposite of "top?"
What's the opposite of "up?"
What's the opposite of "wet?"
What's the opposite of a coconut?
What's the opposite of ideal?
What's the order of these?
What's the origin of that surname?
What's the other condition?
What's the other option?
What's the other reason?
What's the panic?
What's the participation rate of women in Algeria's economy?
What's the password again?
What's the password to use the instant messenger?
What's the password?
What's the pay like?
What's the per capita income in Algeria?
What's the percentage of Berber speakers in Algeria?
What's the phone number of the pizza place?
What's the phone number of the pizzeria?
What's the pizza place's phone number?
What's the pizzeria's phone number?
What's the plan for this evening?
What's the plan for today?
What's the plan for tomorrow?
What's the plan now?
What's the plan, Tom?
What's the plan, then?
What's the plan?
What's the planet that's closest to the Sun?
What's the point here?
What's the point in asking me that?
What's the point in doing that?
What's the point in doing this?
What's the point in going now? You're already three hours late.
What's the point in picking figs before they are ripe?
What's the point in replying to something you didn't read?
What's the point now of buying books written by a bunch of old men?
What's the point of a Hallowe'en party without any candy?
What's the point of a Halloween party if nobody brings any candy?
What's the point of all of this?
What's the point of all this?
What's the point of apologising to her now?
What's the point of arguing?
What's the point of asking me that?
What's the point of being on a team if everyone just does their own thing?
What's the point of being on a team if no one's going to work together?
What's the point of being rich if you can't enjoy what you buy?
What's the point of blacking the user's name out if the tweet in question is very easy to find?
What's the point of camping if you're on the grid the whole time?
What's the point of coming here?
What's the point of doing that?
What's the point of doing this?
What's the point of driving anywhere?
What's the point of earlobes?
What's the point of existence?
What's the point of fighting heteronormativity with more heteronormativity?
What's the point of fighting it?
What's the point of fining people when you know that they can't pay?
What's the point of fining people who you know can't pay?
What's the point of giving up now?
What's the point of having a dream if you're not gonna chase it?
What's the point of knowledge if you can't share it with others?
What's the point of learning a constructed language?
What's the point of learning some artificial languages?
What's the point of life if it ends in death?
What's the point of life if we all eventually die?
What's the point of making a bunch of sentences, if nobody translates them later?
What's the point of my knowing three foreign languages if I don't know what to say?
What's the point of my knowing three foreign languages if no-one listens to me?
What's the point of not eating?
What's the point of our existence?
What's the point of patching such a big tear?
What's the point of philosophy?
What's the point of reading if we already know everything by the time we're twenty-two?
What's the point of reading when, at the age of twenty-two, you already know it all?
What's the point of saving Robert's sorry butt when he can't even stand up and defend his daughter?
What's the point of school?
What's the point of showing up on time if everyone else shows up late?
What's the point of staying alive when all the people you love aren't here anymore?
What's the point of studying foreign languages besides English?
What's the point of studying?
What's the point of taking courses when you can read books?
What's the point of the mask?
What's the point of the point?
What's the point of the stickers on the fruit?
What's the point of this?
What's the point of time travel if you can't even prevent mistakes you made while you were time traveling from happening?
What's the point of traveling?
What's the point of travelling?
What's the point of us being here?
What's the point of worrying about the future?
What's the point of writing something on the roof?
What's the point of your question?
What's the point, after all, of leaving traces? Are the dinosaurs happier because we find their fossils?
What's the point?
What's the point? You're already three hours late.
What's the political climate in Algeria?
What's the politically correct term for this?
What's the population of Australia?
What's the population of Belgium?
What's the population of Boston?
What's the population of France?
What's the population of this island?
What's the population of your city?
What's the postage rate for packages?
What's the potential of Algeria?
What's the poverty rate in Algeria?
What's the precise meaning of that word?
What's the price of a ticket?
What's the price of fuel in Algeria?
What's the price of this house?
What's the price of this radio?
What's the price of this umbrella?
What's the price of this?
What's the price of your wheat?
What's the price per night including all charges?
What's the price range for coffee pots?
What's the price tagged on it?
What's the price?
What's the problem anyway?
What's the problem here?
What's the problem if I pick them all up?
What's the problem if she doesn't love you? You can love yourself.
What's the problem now, Tom?
What's the problem now?
What's the problem then?
What's the problem this time?
What's the problem today?
What's the problem with Tom?
What's the problem with me going there instead of you?
What's the problem with that?
What's the problem with this?
What's the problem with you, boys?
What's the problem with your computer?
What's the problem, Tom?
What's the problem, officer?
What's the problem?
What's the process?
What's the product's code?
What's the productivity per person?
What's the prognosis?
What's the program for today?
What's the program for tomorrow?
What's the promotion?
What's the proportion of Algerians that are still living in poverty?
What's the punishment for this crime?
What's the purchasing power of an average salary in Algeria?
What's the purchasing power per capita in Algeria?
What's the purpose of a life of pilgrimage?
What's the purpose of all this commotion?
What's the purpose of this essay?
What's the purpose of this?
What's the purpose of your trip?
What's the purpose of your visit to Australia?
What's the purpose of your visit?
What's the purpose?
What's the question?
What's the quickest way for us to get there?
What's the quickest way for us to get to Boston?
What's the quickest way home?
What's the quickest way there?
What's the quickest way to cook medlars?
What's the quickest way to deal with this problem?
What's the quickest way to get to Boston?
What's the rainbow flag for? Are you...
What's the rake for?
What's the ransom?
What's the rating of this restaurant?
What's the reading on the blood pressure monitor?
What's the real goal?
What's the real meaning of life?
What's the real policy?
What's the real priority here?
What's the real problem?
What's the real reason Tom and Mary aren't here?
What's the real reason Tom and Mary don't want to do that?
What's the real reason Tom and Mary don't want to go to Boston with you?
What's the real reason Tom and Mary don't want to go to the party?
What's the real reason Tom didn't have to do that?
What's the real reason Tom didn't need to do that?
What's the real reason Tom didn't want to buy that?
What's the real reason Tom didn't want to do that?
What's the real reason Tom didn't want to go to the party?
What's the real reason Tom doesn't want to do that?
What's the real reason Tom doesn't want to go to Australia with you?
What's the real reason Tom doesn't want to go to Boston with you?
What's the real reason Tom doesn't want to go to the party?
What's the real reason Tom isn't here?
What's the real reason behind this?
What's the real reason that Tom didn't have to do that?
What's the real reason that Tom didn't need to do that?
What's the real reason that Tom didn't want to buy that?
What's the real reason that Tom didn't want to do that?
What's the real reason that Tom didn't want to go to the party?
What's the real reason that Tom doesn't want to do that?
What's the real reason that Tom doesn't want to go to Boston with you?
What's the real reason that Tom doesn't want to go to the party?
What's the real reason that Tom isn't here?
What's the real reason that you don't want to sing?
What's the real reason why Tom isn't here?
What's the real reason why you're here?
What's the real reason you didn't go to Australia?
What's the real reason you didn't go to Boston?
What's the real reason you didn't want to do that?
What's the real reason you don't like Tom?
What's the real reason you don't want to do that?
What's the real reason you don't want to do this?
What's the real reason you don't want to go to Australia?
What's the real reason you don't want to go to Boston?
What's the real reason you don't want to go with me?
What's the real reason you don't want to go?
What's the real reason you don't want to sing?
What's the real reason you're here?
What's the real reason?
What's the real story?
What's the reason behind this?
What's the reason for his trip?
What's the reason for that?
What's the reason for the fight?
What's the reason for this?
What's the reason for your failures?
What's the reason for your laughter?
What's the reason for your resentment towards me?
What's the reason for your success?
What's the reason of this reduction of growth in Algeria?
What's the reason that made you call me?
What's the reason why the number of foreign tourists here decreases every year?
What's the reason you fast?
What's the reason?
What's the recipe for apple crumble?
What's the recipe?
What's the relationship between culture and nature?
What's the relationship between politics and war?
What's the remaining time?
What's the remedy?
What's the resolution of the screen?
What's the restaurant like?
What's the restaurant's speciality?
What's the retail price of eggs?
What's the retirement age for your company?
What's the retirement age in Algeria?
What's the retirement age where you are?
What's the right spirit to adopt when learning a language?
What's the right thing to do?
What's the right time?
What's the risk of me getting attacked by a bear?
What's the riskiest thing you ever did in life?
What's the riskiest thing you've ever done?
What's the role of the Secretary General?
What's the room rate?
What's the room's price?
What's the round-trip fare?
What's the rule?
What's the rush!?
What's the rush?
What's the rush? You've got no Tartars chasing you!
What's the saddest movie you've ever seen?
What's the saddest song in the world?
What's the safest way to defuse a bomb?
What's the safest way to do that?
What's the safest way to do this?
What's the safest way to get to the top of the mountain?
What's the safest way to remove ear wax?
What's the salary of an Algerian deputy?
What's the scale of this map?
What's the scariest movie that you've ever seen?
What's the scariest movie you've ever seen?
What's the scariest thing that ever happened to you?
What's the scariest thing that has ever happened to you?
What's the scariest thing you've ever done?
What's the science behind it?
What's the scoop on your new boyfriend?
What's the score now?
What's the score, Yanni?
What's the score?
What's the screen resolution?
What's the second most populous city in Algeria?
What's the second most visited city in the world?
What's the second one?
What's the secret ingredient?
What's the secret number again?
What's the secret of your eternal youth?
What's the secret recipe for Coke?
What's the secret to his job?
What's the secret to success?
What's the secret?
What's the sector that absorbs most of Algeria's workforce?
What's the sense of working so hard?
What's the serial number?
What's the service charge?
What's the side effect?
What's the sign over the door say?
What's the significance of that?
What's the silliest question someone has asked you?
What's the situation at the factory now?
What's the situation here?
What's the situation like?
What's the situation now?
What's the situation on the fish market?
What's the situation?
What's the size of Algeria's economy?
What's the size of the asteroid?
What's the size of the pot?
What's the skinny?
What's the smallest species of boar?
What's the solution to this?
What's the solution?
What's the soup du jour?
What's the soup of the day?
What's the source of this information?
What's the special today?
What's the speed limit on this road?
What's the spelling of your family name?
What's the spiciest food you've ever eaten?
What's the spiciest thing you've ever eaten?
What's the spookiest thing that ever happened to you?
What's the spookiest thing that has ever happened to you?
What's the square root of 100?
What's the squatting scene like in Boston?
What's the state of Algeria's economy?
What's the statute of limitations on murder?
What's the statute of limitations on theft?
What's the stop after Nagoya?
What's the story about?
What's the story behind the picture?
What's the story on Tom?
What's the story with Tom?
What's the story?
What's the strangest custom or tradition you've witnessed?
What's the strangest dream you can remember having?
What's the strangest event that happened close to you?
What's the strangest food you've ever eaten?
What's the strangest food you've ever tasted?
What's the strangest thing you've ever eaten?
What's the street on the other side called?
What's the stroke order?
What's the strongest tequila in the world?
What's the student/teacher ratio at your school?
What's the stupidest question you've ever been asked?
What's the stupidest thing that you've ever done?
What's the stupidest thing you've done while drunk?
What's the stupidest thing you've ever done?
What's the stupidest thing you've ever heard someone say?
What's the stupidest thing you've ever seen Tom do?
What's the stupidest thing you've ever seen someone do?
What's the subject of that play?
What's the subject of your lecture?
What's the suitcase's weight?
What's the surprise?
What's the takeaway?
What's the tallest building in Algiers?
What's the tallest building in Australia?
What's the tallest building in Boston?
What's the tallest building in the world?
What's the tallest building you've been to the top in?
What's the tallest mountain in Australia?
What's the tallest mountain in Europe?
What's the tallest mountain in the world?
What's the tallest mountain you've climbed?
What's the tallest skyscraper in the world?
What's the tally?
What's the target?
What's the teacher explaining?
What's the technical term for that?
What's the technical terminology for assisting someone to go to the toilet with a urine bottle?
What's the temperature going to be tomorrow?
What's the temperature here?
What's the temperature in Beijing?
What's the temperature in Boston?
What's the temperature in Celsius?
What's the temperature in Moscow?
What's the temperature now?
What's the temperature of the water?
What's the temperature outside?
What's the temperature there?
What's the temperature today?
What's the temperature?
What's the text about?
What's the theme of his latest novel?
What's the theme of the novel?
What's the theoretical basis for your statement?
What's the theory of evolution?
What's the thing you like the least in Kabylie?
What's the third choice?
What's the thirteenth month?
What's the threat?
What's the time according to your watch?
What's the time in Boston now?
What's the time now in hours and minutes?
What's the time now?
What's the time on your side?
What's the time, Sami?
What's the time, Tom?
What's the time?
What's the time? My watch is wrong.
What's the timeline for the project?
What's the title of that book?
What's the title of the article you're writing? Or rather, what will the title be? Have you decided on a title yet?
What's the title of the book you're reading?
What's the title of the book?
What's the title of the movie?
What's the title of this book?
What's the title of your new book?
What's the topic of this article?
What's the topic?
What's the total amount of the bill?
What's the total area of Algeria?
What's the total area of Australia?
What's the total investment in Algeria in 2014?
What's the total length of the Algiers-Oran rail line?
What's the total population of France?
What's the total power capacity of Algeria's dams?
What's the total?
What's the track for the limited express?
What's the trouble?
What's the trouble? Can I be of any help?
What's the true secret of happiness?
What's the truth?
What's the upshot?
What's the upside to that?
What's the urgency?
What's the use in trying?
What's the use of getting upset about things you can't change?
What's the use of hiding?
What's the use of pacemakers?
What's the use of reading magazines?
What's the use of sight if one lacks taste?
What's the use of talking?
What's the use of wasps?
What's the use of worrying?
What's the use?
What's the value of that?
What's the value of this dwelling?
What's the value of zero factorial (0!)?
What's the verdict?
What's the visibility?
What's the water temperature?
What's the weather for the weekend?
What's the weather for this week?
What's the weather forecast for Monday?
What's the weather forecast for today?
What's the weather forecast for tomorrow?
What's the weather going to be like this week?
What's the weather going to be like tomorrow?
What's the weather in your country now?
What's the weather like here in the spring?
What's the weather like here in the summer?
What's the weather like here in the winter?
What's the weather like in Algeria?
What's the weather like in Australia now?
What's the weather like in Australia?
What's the weather like in Boston now?
What's the weather like in Boston right now?
What's the weather like in Boston?
What's the weather like in New York?
What's the weather like in Novosibirsk?
What's the weather like in the summer in your country?
What's the weather like now?
What's the weather like outside?
What's the weather like there?
What's the weather like this morning?
What's the weather like today?
What's the weather like where you are?
What's the weather like?
What's the weather tomorrow?
What's the web address?
What's the weight of the suitcase?
What's the weight of this box?
What's the weight of your suitcase?
What's the weirdest dream you've ever had?
What's the weirdest food you've ever eaten?
What's the weirdest food you've ever tasted?
What's the weirdest place you fell asleep in?
What's the weirdest thing that ever happened to Yanni.
What's the weirdest thing that has ever happened to you?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?
What's the whole story?
What's the width of this road?
What's the wifi password?
What's the word for "computer" in Berber?
What's the word for "exclamation mark" in your language?
What's the word for "kaisha" in English?
What's the word for a computer in Berber?
What's the word for an attempt to exterminate an entire people? The word "genocide" is too weak.
What's the word for feces in Berber?
What's the word for that in Māori?
What's the word for that in your native language?
What's the word?
What's the world coming to when middle-aged men and women, many with respectable jobs, paint their whole bodies in their favorite team's colors, then go berserk for the camera at football games?
What's the world coming to?
What's the world's biggest problem?
What's the world's deadliest bird?
What's the world's highest mountain?
What's the world's longest word?
What's the worse that could happen?
What's the worst case scenario for Algeria?
What's the worst case scenario?
What's the worst decision you've ever made?
What's the worst gift you've ever received?
What's the worst injury you've ever had?
What's the worst job you've ever had?
What's the worst lie you've ever told?
What's the worst movie that you've ever paid to see?
What's the worst movie you've ever paid to see?
What's the worst movie you've ever seen?
What's the worst movie you've ever watched?
What's the worst tattoo you've ever seen?
What's the worst that can happen?
What's the worst that could happen?
What's the worst they could do?
What's the worst thing that can happen?
What's the worst thing that could happen?
What's the worst thing that could possibly happen?
What's the worst thing that has ever happened to you?
What's the worst thing that's ever happened to you?
What's the worst thing you've ever done?
What's the worst-case scenario.
What's the worst-case scenario?
What's the yen-dollar rate today?
What's their address?
What's their answer?
What's their approximate worth?
What's their attitude towards Berber?
What's their connection to Tom?
What's their connection to her?
What's their connection to him?
What's their connection to you?
What's their favorite dessert?
What's their goal?
What's their location?
What's their plan?
What's their problem?
What's their purpose?
What's their secret?
What's their son's name?
What's their story?
What's their value?
What's theology?
What's there to be afraid of?
What's there to be ashamed of?
What's there to be jealous of?
What's there to blush about?
What's there to comment on?
What's there to discuss?
What's there to do?
What's there to drink?
What's there to eat?
What's there to eat? I'm hungry.
What's there to eat? I'm really hungry.
What's there to eat? I'm so hungry!
What's there to eat? I'm very hungry.
What's there to explain?
What's there to laugh about?
What's there to say?
What's there to see around here?
What's there to see in Australia?
What's there to see in Boston?
What's there to smile about?
What's there to talk about?
What's there to worry about?
What's there?
What's this I hear about your going to start up a Village Improvement Society, Anne?
What's this about, Dan?
What's this about, Tom?
What's this about?
What's this all about, Tom?
What's this all about?
What's this all really about?
What's this anglicism?
What's this animal?
What's this app called?
What's this article about?
What's this bag doing in the hallway where everyone can trip over it?
What's this bicycle doing in the kitchen?
What's this bird called?
What's this black stuff?
What's this book about?
What's this book he's talking about?
What's this building used for?
What's this butterfly called?
What's this button for?
What's this called in French?
What's this called in Kabyle?
What's this called?
What's this chair doing here?
What's this chart?
What's this city called?
What's this city like?
What's this city's population, approximately?
What's this commotion all about?
What's this computer doing here?
What's this dinosaur called?
What's this dog's name?
What's this doing here?
What's this doohickey?
What's this drink called?
What's this dude's name?
What's this exactly?
What's this flower called in French?
What's this flower called?
What's this folder for?
What's this for?
What's this fruit called?
What's this fun about?
What's this funny-looking car called?
What's this game called?
What's this going to mean to the Algerian consumer?
What's this got do to with anything?
What's this got to do with Tom?
What's this got to do with her?
What's this got to do with him?
What's this got to do with me?
What's this got to do with them?
What's this got to do with us?
What's this got to do with you?
What's this green stuff?
What's this here?
What's this hissing sound?
What's this hotel's fax number?
What's this in Arabic?
What's this in French?
What's this in aid of?
What's this island's population?
What's this junk?
What's this key for?
What's this lecture about?
What's this line for?
What's this little piece of plastic for?
What's this little thing?
What's this lizard called?
What's this made from?
What's this made of?
What's this magazine's circulation?
What's this medicine?
What's this mess?
What's this miserable dog and pony show?
What's this movie about?
What's this music we're listening to? It's rather nice.
What's this music?
What's this noise, are you taking a shower?
What's this noise?
What's this noise? Is it a train?
What's this obsession he has with religious books?
What's this on the floor?
What's this one?
What's this picture doing in your book?
What's this place called?
What's this plant?
What's this powder?
What's this purple stain?
What's this really about?
What's this red light?
What's this restaurant's specialty?
What's this ridiculous helmet you're wearing?
What's this ridiculous helmet?
What's this right here?
What's this room?
What's this scratch on your face?
What's this sea called?
What's this seat doing here?
What's this smell, did you just fart?
What's this smell?
What's this smell? Did you get sprayed by a skunk?
What's this software called?
What's this song about?
What's this song? I've heard it before, but I can't remember the name.
What's this sound?
What's this square called?
What's this star called?
What's this stock really worth?
What's this stone?
What's this story about?
What's this story based on?
What's this story he's typing?
What's this story he's writing?
What's this strange creaking noise?
What's this strange music?
What's this street called?
What's this stuff here?
What's this stuff?
What's this stupid song?
What's this supposed to mean?
What's this thing called?
What's this thing used for?
What's this thing?
What's this thingamabob?
What's this thingamajig for?
What's this thingy for?
What's this tool called?
What's this tool used for?
What's this town like?
What's this tree called?
What's this used for?
What's this vaccine for?
What's this variety of fig called?
What's this variety of heather called?
What's this vegetable called?
What's this zoo's name?
What's this, Tom?
What's this, some kind of game?
What's this?
What's this? A car? More like a rusted can.
What's tickling me?
What's to be done next?
What's to be done?
What's to be our fate?
What's to become of him?
What's to keep Tom from doing that again?
What's to stop Tom from doing it again?
What's to stop Tom from doing that again?
What's to understand?
What's today's date?
What's today's dinner?
What's today's exchange rate?
What's today's menu?
What's today's plan?
What's today's special?
What's today's weather forecast?
What's today?
What's tormenting you?
What's trolling?
What's troubling Tom?
What's troubling her?
What's troubling you, Tom?
What's troubling you?
What's true may depend on the context.
What's two plus three?
What's under the blanket?
What's under the tent? Could it be a snake?
What's under your bed?
What's underneath?
What's unique about you?
What's unusual about that?
What's up next for you?
What's up there?
What's up with Tom today?
What's up with Tom?
What's up with all these fruit flies?
What's up with everyone?
What's up with her?
What's up with him?
What's up with it?
What's up with our government?
What's up with that bomb?
What's up with that tail you're wearing?
What's up with that?
What's up with the rush?
What's up with the sound?
What's up with them?
What's up with you and Tom?
What's up with you and her?
What's up with you and him?
What's up with you and them?
What's up with you today?
What's up with you two?
What's up with you?
What's up with you? Did you sleep badly?
What's up with you? You've been fidgety since this morning. Now I feel crazy.
What's up with your arm?
What's up, Mike?
What's up, Tom?
What's up, bro?
What's up, dawg?
What's up, doc?
What's up, dude?
What's up, everybody?
What's up, guys! Welcome back to my channel on YouTube.
What's up, kiddo?
What's up, kitty-cat?
What's up, you boozer? Have you had some cough syrup again?
What's up?
What's up? What happened?
What's up? Why are you sad?
What's waiting on us?
What's weighing you down?
What's with Tom today?
What's with Tom?
What's with all the books?
What's with all the boxes?
What's with all the bricks?
What's with all the flowers?
What's with all the questions?
What's with all the smokers here?
What's with all these 5-word sentences?
What's with everybody?
What's with him?
What's with that face?
What's with that mismatched dress?
What's with the broom?
What's with the candles?
What's with the fascist haircut?
What's with the hat?
What's with the long face?
What's with the luggage?
What's with the new guy?
What's with the outfit?
What's with the rush?
What's with this bird?
What's with this crappy patch-up job?
What's with you?
What's with your attitude?
What's with your hair?
What's worrying you, Tom?
What's worrying you?
What's written here isn't French.
What's written here?
What's written in the book?
What's written in the letter?
What's written on it?
What's written on the placard?
What's written on the stone?
What's written on the wall?
What's written on this sheet?
What's written on your coat of arms?
What's written on your t-shirt?
What's written there?
What's written there? I can't see it from here.
What's written?
What's wrong about men ruling over women?
What's wrong here?
What's wrong if I take them all?
What's wrong now?
What's wrong sweetie?
What's wrong this time?
What's wrong with Boston?
What's wrong with Layla?
What's wrong with Tom today?
What's wrong with Tom?
What's wrong with Tom? He looks a little pale.
What's wrong with Ziri this time?
What's wrong with Ziri?
What's wrong with all of you?
What's wrong with all this?
What's wrong with beans?
What's wrong with being a straight man?
What's wrong with being bald?
What's wrong with being direct?
What's wrong with being naked?
What's wrong with being nude in your own house?
What's wrong with being sexy?
What's wrong with doing it that way?
What's wrong with doing that now?
What's wrong with doing that this morning?
What's wrong with eating dog meat?
What's wrong with eating dogs?
What's wrong with everyone today?
What's wrong with everyone?
What's wrong with going to Boston by myself?
What's wrong with having a bit of fun?
What's wrong with her bicycle?
What's wrong with her?
What's wrong with her? She's looking kind of blue.
What's wrong with her? Why does she do that?
What's wrong with him?
What's wrong with how I did it?
What's wrong with how we did it?
What's wrong with how we did that?
What's wrong with it?
What's wrong with me doing that?
What's wrong with me paying the bill?
What's wrong with me worrying about you?
What's wrong with me?
What's wrong with my clothes?
What's wrong with my computer?
What's wrong with my decision?
What's wrong with my face?
What's wrong with my hair?
What's wrong with my idea?
What's wrong with my jokes?
What's wrong with my kissing technique?
What's wrong with my legs?
What's wrong with my manners?
What's wrong with my plan?
What's wrong with my sentences?
What's wrong with my voice today?
What's wrong with our actions?
What's wrong with our work?
What's wrong with painting the ceiling blue?
What's wrong with parading around your own house naked?
What's wrong with reading comic books?
What's wrong with running around the house naked?
What's wrong with running around your house naked?
What's wrong with telling Tom the truth?
What's wrong with telling Tom what happened?
What's wrong with telling her what happened?
What's wrong with telling him what happened?
What's wrong with that guy?
What's wrong with that one?
What's wrong with that woman?
What's wrong with that?
What's wrong with the dog?
What's wrong with the elevator?
What's wrong with the food?
What's wrong with the painting?
What's wrong with the picture?
What's wrong with the refrigerator?
What's wrong with the water?
What's wrong with the way I did it?
What's wrong with the way I did that?
What's wrong with the way I do that?
What's wrong with the way I dress?
What's wrong with the way I sing?
What's wrong with the way I'm doing this?
What's wrong with the way I'm dressed?
What's wrong with the way Tom and I are dressed?
What's wrong with the way Tom and Mary do that?
What's wrong with the way Tom did that?
What's wrong with the way Tom does that?
What's wrong with the way we did it?
What's wrong with the way we did that?
What's wrong with the way we're planning on doing that?
What's wrong with the way we're planning to do that?
What's wrong with the world?
What's wrong with them?
What's wrong with these people?
What's wrong with these?
What's wrong with this bicycle?
What's wrong with this light switch?
What's wrong with this one?
What's wrong with this picture?
What's wrong with this plan?
What's wrong with this projector? It won't display anything.
What's wrong with this?
What's wrong with those?
What's wrong with using the tools available to you?
What's wrong with wanting to sleep forever?
What's wrong with wearing pink?
What's wrong with what I'm wearing?
What's wrong with what we did?
What's wrong with what we were doing?
What's wrong with you guys?
What's wrong with you people?
What's wrong with you today?
What's wrong with you tonight?
What's wrong with you two?
What's wrong with you, Tom?
What's wrong with you, Ziri?
What's wrong with you, guys?
What's wrong with you?
What's wrong with you? Are you sick?
What's wrong with your arm?
What's wrong with your car?
What's wrong with your dog?
What's wrong with your eyes?
What's wrong with your leg?
What's wrong with your phone?
What's wrong with yours?
What's wrong with zoos?
What's wrong, Mike?
What's wrong, Tom?
What's wrong, Tom? We've always been able to talk about this kind of thing before.
What's wrong, Tom? You can't sleep? How about I read you a book?
What's wrong, honey?
What's wrong?
What's wrong? Are you OK?
What's wrong? Are you not feeling well?
What's wrong? Are you okay?
What's wrong? Things don't seem to be going well.
What's wrong? What happened?
What's wrong? What's happened?
What's wrong? What's making you sad?
What's wrong? Why are you crying?
What's wrong? Why are you sad?
What's wrong? You don't look too happy.
What's wrong? You look miserable.
What's wrong? You look sick. Did something happen?
What's wrong? You look so worried.
What's wrong? You look worried.
What's you're biggest regret?
What's your Berber dictionary doing under the bed?
What's your Berber teacher's name?
What's your Bosnian name?
What's your Facebook username?
What's your French class like?
What's your French teacher like?
What's your French teacher's name?
What's your GPA?
What's your ISP?
What's your LINE ID?
What's your LINE?
What's your Monday morning routine?
What's your Moon sign?
What's your Skype login name?
What's your Skype username?
What's your Wi-Fi password?
What's your Yakut name?
What's your address?
What's your advice?
What's your age?
What's your aim in Tatoeba?
What's your aim in life?
What's your aim on Tatoeba?
What's your aim with these sentences, Tom?
What's your all-time favorite movie?
What's your alternative plan?
What's your ambition in Kabylie?
What's your analysis?
What's your annual income?
What's your answer, Tom?
What's your answer?
What's your approach to stressful events?
What's your area of expertise?
What's your area of specialization?
What's your ascendant?
What's your asking price?
What's your astrological sign?
What's your attitude towards Islam?
What's your average day like?
What's your band's name?
What's your basis for saying this?
What's your batting average?
What's your bedtime routine like?
What's your beef with Tom?
What's your beef?
What's your best friend's name?
What's your best guess?
What's your best price?
What's your biggest aspiration?
What's your biggest complaint about your job?
What's your biggest fear?
What's your biggest problem with Tom?
What's your biggest regret?
What's your bike doing there?
What's your blog about?
What's your blood group?
What's your blood type?
What's your book about?
What's your boss's name?
What's your boyfriend's name?
What's your brother's name?
What's your budget?
What's your busiest day of the week?
What's your business in the States?
What's your business strategy in Algeria?
What's your business?
What's your career objective?
What's your cat's name?
What's your cell phone number?
What's your chemistry class like?
What's your child's name?
What's your choice?
What's your clan's name?
What's your complaint this time?
What's your complaint?
What's your computer doing here?
What's your conception of the world?
What's your conclusion?
What's your connection to Tom?
What's your connection to her?
What's your connection to him?
What's your connection to them?
What's your connection with Tom?
What's your country like?
What's your cousin doing here?
What's your cousin's first name?
What's your cousin's name?
What's your credit card number?
What's your cuddly toy's name?
What's your dad's name?
What's your damage?
What's your darkest secret?
What's your data source?
What's your date of birth?
What's your daughter's name?
What's your day off?
What's your deal with Tom?
What's your deal?
What's your debt?
What's your decision?
What's your den mother's name?
What's your destination?
What's your diagnosis?
What's your diagnostic?
What's your dilemma, Tom?
What's your doctor's name?
What's your dog barking at?
What's your dog's breed?
What's your dog's name?
What's your doll's name?
What's your dream for yourself in five years?
What's your dream for yourself in three years?
What's your dream job?
What's your e-mail address?
What's your earliest childhood memory?
What's your earliest memory?
What's your email address?
What's your emergency?
What's your evidence this happened?
What's your exact location?
What's your excuse for being late?
What's your excuse now?
What's your excuse, Tom?
What's your excuse?
What's your exercise regimen?
What's your expected salary?
What's your explanation?
What's your family like?
What's your father do?
What's your father's full name?
What's your father's name?
What's your favorite 90's song?
What's your favorite Algerian actor?
What's your favorite Algerian artist?
What's your favorite Algerian dish?
What's your favorite Algerian movie?
What's your favorite Algerian singer?
What's your favorite Algerian writer?
What's your favorite American beer?
What's your favorite Anime TV series?
What's your favorite Anime?
What's your favorite Australian folk song?
What's your favorite Beatles song?
What's your favorite Bob Dylan song?
What's your favorite Broadway musical?
What's your favorite Canadian beer?
What's your favorite Canadian folk song?
What's your favorite Chinese food?
What's your favorite Christian hymn?
What's your favorite Christmas carol?
What's your favorite Christmas movie?
What's your favorite Christmas song?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
What's your favorite European city?
What's your favorite French wine?
What's your favorite French word?
What's your favorite German folk song?
What's your favorite Halloween movie?
What's your favorite Harry Potter book?
What's your favorite Irish whiskey?
What's your favorite Japanese word?
What's your favorite Johnny Depp movie?
What's your favorite King Crimson lineup?
What's your favorite Kylie Minogue song?
What's your favorite Linux distro?
What's your favorite Mark Twain quote?
What's your favorite Mexican food?
What's your favorite Mexican food? I like tostadas.
What's your favorite Michael Jackson music video?
What's your favorite NBA team?
What's your favorite NFL team?
What's your favorite Netflix series?
What's your favorite Paul Gilbert solo?
What's your favorite Rolling Stones album?
What's your favorite Star Trek episode?
What's your favorite TV commercial?
What's your favorite TV program?
What's your favorite TV series?
What's your favorite TV show on Monday evening?
What's your favorite TV show theme song?
What's your favorite TV show?
What's your favorite YouTube video?
What's your favorite ZZ Top song?
What's your favorite acoustic song?
What's your favorite act?
What's your favorite action movie?
What's your favorite activity?
What's your favorite alcoholic beverage?
What's your favorite alcoholic drink?
What's your favorite animal?
What's your favorite animated movie?
What's your favorite anime character?
What's your favorite anime?
What's your favorite audio player?
What's your favorite ballet?
What's your favorite band?
What's your favorite bar in Boston?
What's your favorite baseball team?
What's your favorite beach in Australia?
What's your favorite beverage?
What's your favorite blonde joke?
What's your favorite board game?
What's your favorite book, and why do you like it?
What's your favorite book?
What's your favorite bottled beer?
What's your favorite boy band?
What's your favorite boy's name?
What's your favorite brain teaser?
What's your favorite brand of electronics?
What's your favorite brand of soap?
What's your favorite brand of yogurt?
What's your favorite brand?
What's your favorite breakfast food?
What's your favorite breed of dog?
What's your favorite caffeine-free drink?
What's your favorite camping spot?
What's your favorite candy?
What's your favorite car?
What's your favorite card game?
What's your favorite cartoon?
What's your favorite castle in Japan?
What's your favorite castle?
What's your favorite cereal?
What's your favorite charity?
What's your favorite cheap wine?
What's your favorite cheese to eat when drinking wine?
What's your favorite chick flick?
What's your favorite childhood memory?
What's your favorite city in Australia?
What's your favorite city in the United States?
What's your favorite city in the world?
What's your favorite city?
What's your favorite class this semester?
What's your favorite class this year?
What's your favorite class?
What's your favorite classic rock song?
What's your favorite climate?
What's your favorite cocktail?
What's your favorite cold drink?
What's your favorite cold weather drink?
What's your favorite cold weather food?
What's your favorite cologne?
What's your favorite color for carpets?
What's your favorite color for curtains?
What's your favorite color for shoelaces?
What's your favorite color for shoes?
What's your favorite color for socks?
What's your favorite color of hair?
What's your favorite color of lipstick?
What's your favorite color to wear?
What's your favorite color?
What's your favorite comedy movie?
What's your favorite comfort food?
What's your favorite comic book?
What's your favorite comic strip?
What's your favorite commercial?
What's your favorite computer game?
What's your favorite concert hall?
What's your favorite constellation?
What's your favorite convenience store chain?
What's your favorite cookbook?
What's your favorite country song?
What's your favorite country?
What's your favorite curse word?
What's your favorite cut of meat?
What's your favorite day of the week?
What's your favorite day?
What's your favorite dessert with bananas?
What's your favorite dessert with strawberries?
What's your favorite dessert?
What's your favorite dictionary?
What's your favorite dinner?
What's your favorite dinosaur?
What's your favorite dipping sauce for onion rings?
What's your favorite dish for dinner?
What's your favorite dish to cook for others?
What's your favorite dish?
What's your favorite domestic beer?
What's your favorite domestic wine?
What's your favorite dried fruit?
What's your favorite drink in the bar?
What's your favorite drink in the summer?
What's your favorite drink in the winter?
What's your favorite drink?
What's your favorite drinking song?
What's your favorite educational TV program?
What's your favorite email client?
What's your favorite emoji?
What's your favorite energy drink?
What's your favorite episode from season two?
What's your favorite ethnic food?
What's your favorite exercise machine?
What's your favorite fairy tale, and why?
What's your favorite fairy tale?
What's your favorite family recipe?
What's your favorite family tradition?
What's your favorite fast food chain?
What's your favorite fast food restaurant?
What's your favorite fast food?
What's your favorite fast-food restaurant?
What's your favorite fish?
What's your favorite flashcard app?
What's your favorite flavor of ice cream?
What's your favorite flavor?
What's your favorite flower?
What's your favorite folk song in French?
What's your favorite folk song?
What's your favorite font?
What's your favorite food to eat with red wine?
What's your favorite food?
What's your favorite form of exercise?
What's your favorite free iPad app?
What's your favorite free software application?
What's your favorite fruit?
What's your favorite funny quote?
What's your favorite funny song?
What's your favorite gadget?
What's your favorite game show?
What's your favorite game show? Mine is Jeopardy!
What's your favorite game to play when you hang out with friends?
What's your favorite game to play with friends?
What's your favorite game?
What's your favorite genre?
What's your favorite girl's name?
What's your favorite group activity?
What's your favorite hair color?
What's your favorite hair style?
What's your favorite hang-out?
What's your favorite hangover remedy?
What's your favorite hiding place?
What's your favorite historical movie?
What's your favorite hobby?
What's your favorite holiday activity?
What's your favorite holiday tradition?
What's your favorite holiday, and why?
What's your favorite holiday?
What's your favorite home-cooked food?
What's your favorite horror movie?
What's your favorite hot drink?
What's your favorite hot weather drink?
What's your favorite hot weather food?
What's your favorite hotel in Boston?
What's your favorite humorous quote?
What's your favorite hymn?
What's your favorite iPad app?
What's your favorite iPhone app?
What's your favorite ice cream flavor?
What's your favorite ice cream flavor? Mine is matcha green tea.
What's your favorite image editing software?
What's your favorite item of clothing?
What's your favorite jazz tune?
What's your favorite joke?
What's your favorite junk food?
What's your favorite kind of apple?
What's your favorite kind of art?
What's your favorite kind of book to read?
What's your favorite kind of book?
What's your favorite kind of bread?
What's your favorite kind of cake?
What's your favorite kind of candy?
What's your favorite kind of cheese?
What's your favorite kind of chewing gum?
What's your favorite kind of chocolate?
What's your favorite kind of dog?
What's your favorite kind of dried fruit?
What's your favorite kind of fish to catch?
What's your favorite kind of fish?
What's your favorite kind of flower?
What's your favorite kind of food?
What's your favorite kind of fruit?
What's your favorite kind of meat?
What's your favorite kind of movie to watch with your children?
What's your favorite kind of movie to watch?
What's your favorite kind of mushroom?
What's your favorite kind of music for dancing?
What's your favorite kind of music to wake up to?
What's your favorite kind of music?
What's your favorite kind of pasta?
What's your favorite kind of pie?
What's your favorite kind of pizza?
What's your favorite kind of place to go on a first date?
What's your favorite kind of rice?
What's your favorite kind of salad dressing?
What's your favorite kind of sandwich?
What's your favorite kind of shellfish?
What's your favorite kind of spaghetti?
What's your favorite kind of sushi?
What's your favorite kind of weather?
What's your favorite kind of yogurt?
What's your favorite language?
What's your favorite leisure activity?
What's your favorite line from that movie?
What's your favorite lipstick brand?
What's your favorite lipstick color?
What's your favorite local restaurant?
What's your favorite love song?
What's your favorite magazine?
What's your favorite meal of the day?
What's your favorite meal to cook?
What's your favorite memory from childhood?
What's your favorite memory from last year?
What's your favorite memory from your childhood?
What's your favorite memory involving food?
What's your favorite memory with friends?
What's your favorite memory?
What's your favorite metal song of all time?
What's your favorite metaphor?
What's your favorite midnight snack?
What's your favorite mode of transportation while traveling?
What's your favorite month of the year, and why?
What's your favorite month?
What's your favorite movie of all time?
What's your favorite movie scene?
What's your favorite movie soundtrack?
What's your favorite movie this year?
What's your favorite movie with a car chase?
What's your favorite movie?
What's your favorite muscle car?
What's your favorite music group?
What's your favorite music?
What's your favorite musical instrument?
What's your favorite mystery novel?
What's your favorite nail polish color?
What's your favorite nail polish?
What's your favorite national park?
What's your favorite newspaper?
What's your favorite non-Google search engine?
What's your favorite non-alcoholic beverage?
What's your favorite non-alcoholic drink?
What's your favorite non-caffeinated drink?
What's your favorite non-electrical gadget?
What's your favorite non-fiction book?
What's your favorite novel?
What's your favorite number?
What's your favorite nursery rhyme?
What's your favorite oldies song?
What's your favorite open source game?
What's your favorite open source software?
What's your favorite opera?
What's your favorite operating system?
What's your favorite outdoor activity?
What's your favorite outdoor sport?
What's your favorite outfit?
What's your favorite painting medium?
What's your favorite painting?
What's your favorite part of Australia?
What's your favorite part of that movie?
What's your favorite part of the chicken?
What's your favorite part of the day?
What's your favorite part of the story?
What's your favorite part of this book?
What's your favorite part of your day?
What's your favorite pastime?
What's your favorite perfume?
What's your favorite piece of furniture?
What's your favorite piece of music?
What's your favorite pizza topping?
What's your favorite place in Australia?
What's your favorite place in Boston?
What's your favorite place in Moscow?
What's your favorite place to eat in Boston?
What's your favorite place to go hear live music?
What's your favorite place to go when you want to think?
What's your favorite place to hang out with friends?
What's your favorite place to vacation in Australia?
What's your favorite place to vacation in Japan?
What's your favorite place?
What's your favorite plant or flower?
What's your favorite podcast right now?
What's your favorite podcast?
What's your favorite poem?
What's your favorite prayer?
What's your favorite program on TV?
What's your favorite programming language?
What's your favorite protest song?
What's your favorite proverb?
What's your favorite pun?
What's your favorite punctuation mark?
What's your favorite punk rock band?
What's your favorite question to ask on a first date?
What's your favorite quiz show on TV?
What's your favorite quotation?
What's your favorite quote from that movie?
What's your favorite quote or saying?
What's your favorite quote?
What's your favorite racing game?
What's your favorite radio station?
What's your favorite recipe?
What's your favorite recording of Beethoven's Fifth?
What's your favorite remedy for hangovers?
What's your favorite restaurant in Boston?
What's your favorite restaurant?
What's your favorite role-playing game?
What's your favorite romance novel?
What's your favorite romantic movie?
What's your favorite room in your house?
What's your favorite sad song?
What's your favorite salad dressing?
What's your favorite salty snack?
What's your favorite sandwich?
What's your favorite saying?
What's your favorite scary movie?
What's your favorite scene from the show?
What's your favorite screen saver?
What's your favorite search engine?
What's your favorite season for hiking?
What's your favorite season of the year?
What's your favorite season, and why do you like it?
What's your favorite season, and why?
What's your favorite season?
What's your favorite seasoning?
What's your favorite self-help book?
What's your favorite shampoo?
What's your favorite sitcom?
What's your favorite ski area?
What's your favorite skin care product?
What's your favorite slang expression?
What's your favorite slogan?
What's your favorite small town in America?
What's your favorite small town in Australia?
What's your favorite small town in the United States?
What's your favorite smell?
What's your favorite snack food?
What's your favorite snack?
What's your favorite soap opera?
What's your favorite soccer team?
What's your favorite social media platform, and why?
What's your favorite soda?
What's your favorite soft drink?
What's your favorite song by the Rolling Stones?
What's your favorite song from the 1990's?
What's your favorite song in last year's top 100?
What's your favorite song lyric?
What's your favorite song on this album?
What's your favorite song to dance to?
What's your favorite song to sing with children?
What's your favorite song to sing with young children?
What's your favorite song to workout to?
What's your favorite song?
What's your favorite spectator sport?
What's your favorite spice?
What's your favorite sport to play?
What's your favorite sport to watch on TV?
What's your favorite sport to watch?
What's your favorite sport?
What's your favorite sports team?
What's your favorite spring flower?
What's your favorite stuffed animal?
What's your favorite subject at school?
What's your favorite subject in school?
What's your favorite subject?
What's your favorite summer activity?
What's your favorite summer food?
What's your favorite summer sport?
What's your favorite sushi?
What's your favorite swear word?
What's your favorite symphony?
What's your favorite talk show?
What's your favorite team?
What's your favorite television program?
What's your favorite thing about Algeria?
What's your favorite thing about Hawaii?
What's your favorite thing about the Christmas season?
What's your favorite thing about your city?
What's your favorite thing about your school?
What's your favorite thing in the whole world?
What's your favorite thing to do in Boston?
What's your favorite thing to do in your free time?
What's your favorite thing to do on a first date?
What's your favorite thing to do on a rainy day?
What's your favorite thing to do on weekends?
What's your favorite thing to do outdoors?
What's your favorite thing to do when you have a day off?
What's your favorite thing to do when you have free time?
What's your favorite thing to do when you have some free time?
What's your favorite thing to do when you need a break?
What's your favorite thing to do with friends on weekends?
What's your favorite thing to do with your friends?
What's your favorite thing to do with your parents?
What's your favorite thing to do?
What's your favorite thing to eat for breakfast?
What's your favorite thing to have for lunch?
What's your favorite thing to have for supper?
What's your favorite thirst quencher?
What's your favorite time of day to exercise?
What's your favorite time of day, and why?
What's your favorite time of day?
What's your favorite time of the day?
What's your favorite time of year?
What's your favorite time waster?
What's your favorite tongue twister?
What's your favorite toothpaste?
What's your favorite topic of conversation?
What's your favorite toy?
What's your favorite travel gadget or item you always carry with you?
What's your favorite treat?
What's your favorite tree?
What's your favorite type of dessert?
What's your favorite type of foreign food?
What's your favorite type of music?
What's your favorite type of pizza?
What's your favorite type of restaurant to go to?
What's your favorite type of seafood?
What's your favorite underwater enemy?
What's your favorite upbeat song?
What's your favorite vacation place?
What's your favorite vacation spot?
What's your favorite variety of dates?
What's your favorite vegetable?
What's your favorite verse of the Quran?
What's your favorite video game?
What's your favorite war movie?
What's your favorite way to connect with friends?
What's your favorite way to cook beans?
What's your favorite way to cook potatoes?
What's your favorite way to cook trout?
What's your favorite way to enjoy nature?
What's your favorite way to exercise your dog?
What's your favorite way to exercise?
What's your favorite way to get around?
What's your favorite way to get exercise?
What's your favorite way to get your eggs done when you have breakfast in the morning?
What's your favorite way to keep in touch with friends?
What's your favorite way to relax after a long day?
What's your favorite way to relax at home?
What's your favorite way to relax on a weekday evening?
What's your favorite way to relax on weekends?
What's your favorite way to relax?
What's your favorite way to spend a day off?
What's your favorite way to spend time in Boston?
What's your favorite way to spend time outdoors?
What's your favorite way to spend time with your family?
What's your favorite way to spend time with your friends?
What's your favorite way to spend your free time?
What's your favorite way to start the day?
What's your favorite way to start your day?
What's your favorite way to stay cool in the summer?
What's your favorite way to travel?
What's your favorite way to unwind after a long day?
What's your favorite way to unwind after a stressful day?
What's your favorite way to unwind before bed?
What's your favorite way to unwind on weekends?
What's your favorite weapon?
What's your favorite web browser?
What's your favorite website?
What's your favorite wild animal?
What's your favorite wine?
What's your favorite winter activity?
What's your favorite winter food?
What's your favorite winter sport?
What's your favorite word?
What's your favorite yoga pose?
What's your favorite zoo animal?
What's your favourite European city?
What's your favourite French wine?
What's your favourite Harry Potter book?
What's your favourite TV advert?
What's your favourite TV programme?
What's your favourite TV series?
What's your favourite TV theme tune?
What's your favourite advert on telly?
What's your favourite advert?
What's your favourite animal?
What's your favourite apple variety?
What's your favourite band?
What's your favourite book?
What's your favourite brand of yoghurt?
What's your favourite carpet colour?
What's your favourite cartoon?
What's your favourite city?
What's your favourite colour shoelaces?
What's your favourite colour?
What's your favourite concert hall?
What's your favourite cookery book?
What's your favourite country out of all the ones you've visited?
What's your favourite dessert?
What's your favourite drink and why?
What's your favourite drink, and why?
What's your favourite drink?
What's your favourite fast-food restaurant?
What's your favourite film?
What's your favourite food?
What's your favourite fruit?
What's your favourite game show?
What's your favourite game?
What's your favourite hobby?
What's your favourite ice cream?
What's your favourite joke?
What's your favourite kind of apple?
What's your favourite kind of chocolate?
What's your favourite kind of food?
What's your favourite line from that film?
What's your favourite music venue?
What's your favourite music?
What's your favourite novel by Dickens?
What's your favourite number?
What's your favourite nursery rhyme?
What's your favourite pastime?
What's your favourite restaurant?
What's your favourite seasoning?
What's your favourite sentence?
What's your favourite shampoo?
What's your favourite shoe colour?
What's your favourite song by the Stone Roses?
What's your favourite song on this album?
What's your favourite song?
What's your favourite sport?
What's your favourite subject at school?
What's your favourite subject?
What's your favourite summer drink?
What's your favourite sushi?
What's your favourite swear word?
What's your favourite team?
What's your favourite television programme?
What's your favourite thing to do in your spare time?
What's your favourite town?
What's your favourite track from Prefab Sprout's unsung debut album?
What's your favourite type of chocolate?
What's your favourite type of sushi?
What's your favourite video game genre?
What's your favourite way into town?
What's your favourite way of travelling?
What's your favourite way to travel?
What's your favourite wine?
What's your favourite winter drink?
What's your favourite word?
What's your favourite yoghurt?
What's your feeling about the idea?
What's your fetish?
What's your field of work?
What's your file manager?
What's your final destination?
What's your first memory of falling in love?
What's your first name?
What's your flight number?
What's your friend's name?
What's your full name?
What's your fursona?
What's your girlfriend called?
What's your girlfriend doing August 15th?
What's your girlfriend's name?
What's your go-to comfort food?
What's your goal for 2014?
What's your goal here?
What's your goal?
What's your golf handicap?
What's your good name?
What's your grade point average?
What's your grandfather's name?
What's your grandma's name?
What's your grandmother's name?
What's your granny's name?
What's your greatest fear?
What's your greatest source of inspiration?
What's your greatest treasure?
What's your grievance?
What's your gut feeling?
What's your happiest memory?
What's your height?
What's your hobby?
What's your home address?
What's your home number?
What's your home phone number?
What's your horse's name?
What's your hourly rate?
What's your house like?
What's your hurry, Tom?
What's your hurry?
What's your husband's name?
What's your idea of happiness?
What's your idea?
What's your ideal type of man?
What's your impression of Australia?
What's your impression of Boston?
What's your impression of China?
What's your impression of Tom?
What's your impression of her?
What's your impression of him?
What's your impression of that person like?
What's your impression of the United States?
What's your impression of them?
What's your impression, doctor?
What's your intent?
What's your intention with us?
What's your intention?
What's your interest in this?
What's your job at the end of the day?
What's your job description?
What's your job here?
What's your job like?
What's your job?
What's your last name, Tom?
What's your last name?
What's your lawyer's name?
What's your least favorite chore?
What's your least favorite class?
What's your least favorite color?
What's your least favorite food?
What's your least favourite food?
What's your license plate number?
What's your life for?
What's your location?
What's your location? Over.
What's your login name?
What's your long-term plan.
What's your longest game of Simon?
What's your longest sequence in Simon?
What's your love language?
What's your lowest price?
What's your lucky number?
What's your maiden name?
What's your main goal?
What's your main idea?
What's your main objection?
What's your main reason for studying French?
What's your main source of income?
What's your major field of study?
What's your major field?
What's your major, Tom?
What's your major, Ziri?
What's your major?
What's your manager's name?
What's your marital status?
What's your message?
What's your method for removing red-wine stains from your carpet?
What's your middle name?
What's your mission in life? Do you know?
What's your mobile number?
What's your mom's name?
What's your monthly pay?
What's your monthly salary?
What's your morning routine?
What's your mortgage payment?
What's your most boring class?
What's your most expensive wine?
What's your most hilarious travel story?
What's your most interesting class?
What's your most prized possession?
What's your most special dish?
What's your most valuable possession?
What's your mother like?
What's your mother tongue?
What's your mother's maiden name?
What's your mother's name?
What's your motivation for studying French?
What's your motivation?
What's your motorbike's capacity?
What's your name again?
What's your name and address?
What's your name and flight number?
What's your name, boy?
What's your name, by the way?
What's your name, please?
What's your name, son?
What's your name?
What's your nan called?
What's your nan's name?
What's your nationality?
What's your native dialect?
What's your native language?
What's your native language? Mari? I lately discovered this language after reading the article about the Finno-Ugric languages on Wikipedia. These languages have a very interesting history.
What's your natural hair color?
What's your neighborhood like?
What's your new address?
What's your new book about?
What's your new car like?
What's your new friend called?
What's your new girlfriend's name?
What's your new phone number?
What's your new teacher like?
What's your new telephone number?
What's your next move?
What's your next plan with it?
What's your next project?
What's your next question?
What's your next step?
What's your nickname?
What's your niece's name?
What's your number again?
What's your number?
What's your objection?
What's your objective?
What's your occupation?
What's your older brother's name?
What's your older sister doing now?
What's your older sister's name?
What's your opinion about Islam?
What's your opinion about a transatlantic tunnel?
What's your opinion about it?
What's your opinion about that?
What's your opinion about the Algerian system?
What's your opinion about the linguistic policy of the European Union?
What's your opinion about this?
What's your opinion about war?
What's your opinion of Japanese food?
What's your opinion of Tom?
What's your opinion of the Gulf War?
What's your opinion of the way Tom did that?
What's your opinion of this?
What's your opinion on affirmative action?
What's your opinion on basic income?
What's your opinion on how things went?
What's your opinion on onions?
What's your opinion on that?
What's your opinion on the matter?
What's your opinion on the subject?
What's your opinion on these?
What's your opinion on this issue?
What's your opinion on this movie?
What's your opinion on this one?
What's your opinion on this subject?
What's your opinion on this translation?
What's your opinion on this?
What's your opinion with regard to this matter?
What's your opinion, Tom?
What's your opinion?
What's your other option?
What's your passcode?
What's your passport number?
What's your password?
What's your patronymic?
What's your pen pal's name?
What's your permanent address?
What's your personal preference?
What's your personality type?
What's your perspective on the world?
What's your pet peeve?
What's your philosophy?
What's your phone number?
What's your place of residence?
What's your plan for me?
What's your plan for the apocalypse?
What's your plan for the day?
What's your plan for this afternoon?
What's your plan for tomorrow?
What's your plan now?
What's your plan with Tom?
What's your plan, Tom?
What's your plan?
What's your point, Tom?
What's your point?
What's your poison?
What's your position?
What's your postcode?
What's your pre-tax income?
What's your precise location.
What's your preference?
What's your preference? Sweet or salty.
What's your preferred language?
What's your pretax income?
What's your price?
What's your primary reason for studying French?
What's your problem exactly?
What's your problem today?
What's your problem with Islam?
What's your problem with Tom?
What's your problem with him?
What's your problem with me?
What's your problem with straight people?
What's your problem with this?
What's your problem, Tom?
What's your problem?
What's your problem? I don't understand.
What's your profession?
What's your proposal?
What's your proudest accomplishment?
What's your proudest achievement?
What's your purpose for being here today?
What's your purpose for being here?
What's your purpose for learning English?
What's your purpose for visiting Australia?
What's your purpose in life?
What's your purpose in studying English?
What's your purpose in visiting this country?
What's your python's morph?
What's your question?
What's your rank?
What's your reaction to that?
What's your reaction?
What's your real goal?
What's your real name?
What's your real opinion?
What's your real purpose?
What's your real reason for doing this?
What's your real secret?
What's your reason for being here today?
What's your reason for being here?
What's your reason for doing that?
What's your reason for doing this?
What's your reason for going to Australia?
What's your recipe for success?
What's your recipe for success? How come you're so popular?
What's your recipe for success? Why are you so popular?
What's your recommendation?
What's your record?
What's your refund policy?
What's your relation with him?
What's your relationship like with your father?
What's your relationship with Tom like?
What's your relationship with Tom?
What's your relationship with your father like?
What's your religion?
What's your response?
What's your rising sign?
What's your role in all of this?
What's your role in this affair?
What's your role in this?
What's your room number?
What's your rush?
What's your schedule for tomorrow?
What's your schedule like for today?
What's your schedule like for tomorrow?
What's your schedule like today?
What's your schedule like tomorrow?
What's your schedule today?
What's your school's name?
What's your score?
What's your seat number?
What's your second choice?
What's your second foreign language?
What's your second language?
What's your secret service code name?
What's your secret?
What's your self-image?
What's your shirt made of?
What's your shoe size?
What's your sign of the zodiac?
What's your sign?
What's your sister doing now?
What's your sister's dog's name?
What's your sister's name?
What's your situation like now?
What's your situation?
What's your sixth sense?
What's your size?
What's your social security number?
What's your solution?
What's your son doing in Germany?
What's your son's name?
What's your source for this information?
What's your speciality?
What's your specialty?
What's your spirit animal?
What's your stance on the death penalty?
What's your stance on this?
What's your stand on the death penalty?
What's your status, Tom?
What's your status?
What's your store's return policy?
What's your story, Tom?
What's your story, bud?
What's your story?
What's your strategy?
What's your strongest language?
What's your strongest type of headache pill?
What's your strongest type of sunscreen?
What's your take on my book?
What's your take on this?
What's your take?
What's your teacher's name?
What's your telephone number?
What's your temperature?
What's your theory on what happened?
What's your theory?
What's your third wish?
What's your total household income?
What's your two cents?
What's your type?
What's your username on Tatoeba?
What's your username?
What's your verdict?
What's your view on war?
What's your vision of Algerian identity?
What's your waist size?
What's your weak spot?
What's your weapon of choice in the apocalypse?
What's your website called?
What's your weight?
What's your wife doing here?
What's your wife's job?
What's your wife's maiden name?
What's your wife's name?
What's your wifi password?
What's your wish?
What's your worst bad habit?
What's your younger brother's name?
What's your younger sister's name?
What's your zip code?
What's your zodiac sign?
What's yours is mine, and what's mine is mine.
What's-his-face is boring.
What's-his-name is boring.
What's-his-name was in church today.
What've I ever done to her?
What've I ever done to him?
What've I ever done to them?
What've I ever done to you?
What've they done to her?
What've they done to him?
What've they done to you?
What've they missed?
What've we just done?
What've you been cooking?
What've you been doing all morning?
What've you been doing all this time?
What've you been doing recently?
What've you been doing so far?
What've you been doing to Tom?
What've you been doing to her?
What've you been doing to him?
What've you been doing to them?
What've you been doing today?
What've you been doing?
What've you been up to all this time?
What've you been up to lately?
What've you been up to this time?
What've you been up to?
What've you been watching?
What've you bought for her?
What've you bought for him?
What've you bought her?
What've you bought him?
What've you done for me?
What've you done lately?
What've you done now, Tom?
What've you done there?
What've you done this time?
What've you done to Tom?
What've you done to her?
What've you done to him?
What've you done to them?
What've you done to your hair?
What've you done with Tom?
What've you done with it?
What've you done with my glasses?
What've you done with my mobile phone?
What've you done with my notebook?
What've you done with my pen?
What've you done?
What've you found?
What've you got for me?
What've you got for us?
What've you got us into?
What've you got?
What've you guys been doing?
What've you guys been up to?
What've you heard about it?
What've you lost?
What've you prepared?
What've you written?
What, again?
What, are there some doubts?
What, can't I call you by your first name?
What, does the truth hurt?
What, in particular, did Tom not like?
What, in your opinion, is the solution to the problem?
What, in your opinion, makes Mary different from other young women?
What, may I ask, are you doing?
What, may I ask, is so important?
What, no one has the guts to mess with him?
What, nobody has cassette players anymore?
What, then, is forgetting, if not dying?
What, then, is the exhortation I give you? I urge you to be saved.
What, then, is this? Distrust. Guard this, cling to this.
What, there's a cafe in a place like this? Was that always there?
What, to the American slave, is your 4th of July? I answer; a day that reveals to him, more than all other days in the year, the gross injustice and cruelty to which he is the constant victim. To him, your celebration is a sham; your boasted liberty, an unholy license; your national greatness, swelling vanity; your sounds of rejoicing are empty and heartless; your denunciation of tyrants, brass fronted impudence; your shouts of liberty and equality, hollow mockery; your prayers and hymns, your sermons and thanksgivings, with all your religious parade and solemnity, are, to Him, mere bombast, fraud, deception, impiety, and hypocrisy — a thin veil to cover up crimes which would disgrace a nation of savages. There is not a nation on the earth guilty of practices more shocking and bloody than are the people of the United States, at this very hour.
What, why?
What, you decided to have takoyaki as one of your main food ideas?
What, you decided to have takoyaki as one of your main set meal items?
What, you don't know?
What, you having bread again? I see you're still leading the same thrilling dietary life as ever.
What, you having bread again? I see you’re still leading the same thrilling dietary life as ever.
What, you want to do it again?
What, you're trying to teach me a lesson?
What, you've never seen that band live?
What... you still don't know how to drive?
What... you still don’t know how to drive?
What...for real?
What...for realsies?
What?
What? A little soup and celery is all I get? I'm not a Zen monk. I can't survive on an austerity diet like this.
What? A little soup and celery is all I get? I’m not a Zen monk. I can’t survive on an austerity diet like this.
What? Alex was a woman? This whole time I thought she was a man.
What? Are you alone? I thought you were coming with Tom.
What? Did I hear you right?
What? Did I hit a nerve?
What? Do you have no general knowledge? How can you not know this?
What? Does it please you?
What? Don't you want to bet? Are you a heathen?
What? I can't believe it!
What? I can't hear what you're saying.
What? I can't hear you guys.
What? I can't hear you.
What? I can’t hear you.
What? I didn't hear what you said.
What? Is that all?
What? Is there something stuck in my teeth or something?
What? It's already 11? I thought it was still 9 o'clock.
What? It's already eight o'clock? God! How time flies when I play chess!
What? It's already eight o'clock? God! Time flies when I play chess!
What? It's already eleven? I thought it was still about nine!
What? It's impossible.
What? It's only eleven? We still have an hour to go before lunch.
What? It’s only eleven? We still have an hour to go before lunch.
What? No way!
What? Only ten?
What? Pickles are made from cucumbers? Get out!
What? Seriously?
What? That's what he called me?
What? That's what she called me?
What? The earth is flat? I didn't know that.
What? What are you talking about?
What? What did I come here to do?
What? What did he do?
What? What did she do?
What? What did they do?
What? What did we do?
What? What did you do?
What? What did you say?
What? What is it? What's the matter?
What? Who, me?
What? You can't do it? You coward! Chicken!
What? You can't drive yet?
What? You can’t do it? You coward! Chicken!
What? You don't know how to drive a car yet?
What? You don't want to bet? Are you a pagan?
What? You don’t know how to drive a car yet?
What? You lied to me? How could you?
What? You played with Jim? Eww, you're gonna get cooties.
What? You say that last week you saw two beavers playing ping-pong with their big flat tails?
What? You still don't know how to drive a car?
What? You've lost your mobile again?
What?!
What?! No! Are you really fucking with my date?
What?! Tom's speaking Dutch!
What?! You ate my chocolate bear?!
What?! You didn't do your homework because of a soccer match? That's no excuse!
What?! You didn’t do your homework because of a soccer match? That’s no excuse!
Whatcha doin' Friday?
Whatcha doin'?
Whatcha lookin' at?
Whatcha making?
Whatcha readin'?
Whatever Fadil told Layla, she did it.
Whatever Felix saw that night, it definitely was real.
Whatever I bring, be it sonatina, invention, or merely a counterpoint exercise, he daringly plays it out forte.
Whatever I did, I did for Gunter.
Whatever I did, the pilot light wouldn't go off.
Whatever I do is always wrong!
Whatever I do, I can't break the door.
Whatever I do, it's never enough.
Whatever I do, she says I can do better.
Whatever I do, you're never happy.
Whatever I have is yours.
Whatever I say to them, it turns into an issue.
Whatever I say, he has a comeback ready. You can't get a word in edgewise.
Whatever I say, he has a comeback ready. You can’t get a word in edgewise.
Whatever I tell him to do, he does just the opposite.
Whatever I tell you, you don't believe me.
Whatever I thought I saw didn't seem to be there anymore.
Whatever I want for myself, I want the same for you.
Whatever Russia believes is its victory, really is its victory. This, and nothing else, should be the most important principle for every patriot in our country.
Whatever Sami says, he's lying.
Whatever Seattle says, the great chief at Washington can rely upon with as much certainty as he can upon the return of the sun or the seasons.
Whatever Ziri was planning was not going to be very good.
Whatever anyone says to me, my emotions will not sway.
Whatever are you doing here?
Whatever book you read, read it carefully.
Whatever brawls disturb the street, There should be peace at home: Where sisters dwell and brothers meet, Quarrels should never come.
Whatever can go wrong will go wrong.
Whatever changed your mind?
Whatever comes to mind, write it down.
Whatever concerns or complaints Americans may have about immigration in general, we shouldn’t threaten the future of this group of young people who are here through no fault of their own, who pose no threat, who are not taking away anything from the rest of us.
Whatever could be inside this mysterious box?
Whatever could it have been?
Whatever course you may take, you must do your best.
Whatever do you mean?
Whatever doesn't kill us only makes us stronger.
Whatever excuses he may make, I cannot forgive him.
Whatever fate has created, fate will bring to an end.
Whatever faults he may have, meanness is not one of them.
Whatever floats your boat.
Whatever game I play with you, you never win.
Whatever game he plays, he always wins.
Whatever gave you that idea?
Whatever goes beyond the limitations of the constitution is by definition unconstitutional.
Whatever goes up must come down.
Whatever had happened in the past was now irrelevant.
Whatever happened between Tom and me isn't any of your business.
Whatever happened to Tom?
Whatever happened to Ziri?
Whatever happened to acid rain? You don't hear about it in the news anymore.
Whatever happened to acid rain? You don’t hear about it in the news anymore.
Whatever happened to competition?
Whatever happened to her?
Whatever happened to him?
Whatever happened to individualism?
Whatever happened to that old car you used to have?
Whatever happened to that?
Whatever happened to them?
Whatever happened to your grandfather's gold watch?
Whatever happened to your pride?
Whatever happened, it's over.
Whatever happens after this happens.
Whatever happens at all happens as it should.
Whatever happens happens, I'm not changing my mind.
Whatever happens happens.
Whatever happens is OK with me.
Whatever happens is okay with me.
Whatever happens to Tom is his fault, not yours.
Whatever happens!
Whatever happens, I ain't telling nobody about it.
Whatever happens, I ain’t telling nobody about it.
Whatever happens, I want to do that.
Whatever happens, I want you to know I love you.
Whatever happens, I want you to know that I love you.
Whatever happens, I won't tell anybody about it.
Whatever happens, I won’t tell anybody about it.
Whatever happens, I'll be there for you.
Whatever happens, I'll not tell anybody about it.
Whatever happens, I'll stick to my principles to the bitter end.
Whatever happens, I'll support you.
Whatever happens, I'm not going to give up.
Whatever happens, I’ll not tell anybody about it.
Whatever happens, I’ll stick to my principles to the bitter end.
Whatever happens, don't forget to smile.
Whatever happens, don't get out of the car.
Whatever happens, don't open that door.
Whatever happens, don't panic.
Whatever happens, don't say my name.
Whatever happens, don't use this phone.
Whatever happens, get on that train tomorrow.
Whatever happens, get that train tomorrow.
Whatever happens, he won't change his mind.
Whatever happens, he won’t change his mind.
Whatever happens, hold on for dear life.
Whatever happens, just keep smiling.
Whatever happens, keep calm.
Whatever happens, please remember I'll stand by you.
Whatever happens, please remember I’ll stand by you.
Whatever happens, stay calm.
Whatever happens, take the train tomorrow.
Whatever happens, we have to be prepared.
Whatever happens, we need to stay together.
Whatever happens, we'll always be friends.
Whatever happens, we're all worm food.
Whatever happens, you have to stay calm.
Whatever happens, you must keep calm.
Whatever happens, you mustn't give up.
Whatever happens, you shouldn't give up.
Whatever happens, you're never going to find out.
Whatever has a beginning also has an end.
Whatever he asks you, you mustn't answer.
Whatever he asks you, you mustn’t answer.
Whatever he does, it makes no difference to me.
Whatever he may say, I won't change my mind.
Whatever he may say, I won’t change my mind.
Whatever he said, it's not true.
Whatever he says goes.
Whatever he says is right.
Whatever he says is true.
Whatever he says, do not trust him.
Whatever he takes up, he abandons halfway.
Whatever he takes up, he gets soon tired of it.
Whatever he tells you, don't believe him.
Whatever he told you, it's not true.
Whatever he tries, it all goes pear-shaped.
Whatever information you can give us will be appreciated.
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame.
Whatever is going on in your life doesn't justify your behaviour.
Whatever is happening, don't be afraid.
Whatever is necessary must be done.
Whatever is not forbidden is allowed.
Whatever is not forbidden is permitted.
Whatever is ok by me.
Whatever is said in Latin seems profound.
Whatever is subject to origination is all subject to cessation.
Whatever is that noise?
Whatever is well conceived is clearly said, and the words to say it flow with ease.
Whatever is well conceived is clearly said, the words to say it flow with ease.
Whatever is well conceived is clearly said.
Whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well.
Whatever is, is.
Whatever it is that he experienced is between him and God.
Whatever it is, I didn't do it.
Whatever it is, I fear the Greeks even when they offer gifts.
Whatever it is, I'd like to know what Sami wants.
Whatever it is, Tom and I aren't interested.
Whatever it is, it sounds serious.
Whatever it is, we aren't interested.
Whatever it is, we're not interested.
Whatever it is, you become fonder of it if you work on it yourself.
Whatever it takes!
Whatever it takes.
Whatever it was, it was bigger than a dog.
Whatever its form may be.
Whatever kind of Jew you don't like, I'm that one.
Whatever language you study, it takes time.
Whatever language you study, you cannot do without a dictionary.
Whatever makes you happy makes me happy.
Whatever makes you happy.
Whatever may happen, I am prepared for it.
Whatever may happen, I'm prepared for it.
Whatever may happen.
Whatever meaning the larger universe may have would be irrelevant to our tiny little lives on this rock.
Whatever might happen, I won't change my mind.
Whatever misfortunes you may have, just don't commit suicide.
Whatever must happen, will happen.
Whatever needs to happen will happen.
Whatever one loves is beautiful.
Whatever one may say, the jihad against the "disbelievers" is well prescribed by the Qur'an.
Whatever or wherever the supralunary may be, our world is more interested in the sublunary tribes.
Whatever others think of me, I don't mind at all.
Whatever others think of me, I don’t mind at all.
Whatever pleases you, pleases me.
Whatever possessed me to get up at five in the morning?
Whatever results may follow, I will carry out my plan.
Whatever shall I do?
Whatever shall be will be.
Whatever shall we do?
Whatever she eats, she will not get a perfect body.
Whatever she may say, I will not attend the meeting.
Whatever she said, it's not true.
Whatever she says goes.
Whatever she says is true.
Whatever she says, I don't believe her.
Whatever she says, I don’t believe her.
Whatever she told you, it's not true.
Whatever story I tell, Mother believes me.
Whatever story I tell, my mom believes me.
Whatever the future holds for Yanni and Skura, for now they're having fun.
Whatever the motive of these extraordinary crimes, robbery is certainly not one of them.
Whatever the origin is, Valentine's Day has had a long and romantic history.
Whatever the origin is, Valentine’s Day has had a long and romantic history.
Whatever the outcome, you must meet the challenge.
Whatever the party holds to be truth, is truth.
Whatever the problem is, Tom can handle it.
Whatever the problem is, we can work it out.
Whatever the problem, there is always a solution.
Whatever the reason might have been, they didn't get married.
Whatever the reason, come they do.
Whatever the reason, forfeiting the trade that we finally got on track is a fiasco.
Whatever the reason, they did not marry.
Whatever they bring back won't be enough.
Whatever they directed, it was in vain to expostulate; fetters, and bread and water, were the sure consequences of resistance.
Whatever they do, good or bad, it will get back to them.
Whatever they have, we should have as well.
Whatever was following Ziri stayed on his tail.
Whatever was in there ran away.
Whatever was said was sad.
Whatever was there, in the woods, it was trying to give Ziri a stern warning.
Whatever we decide must be approved by the committee.
Whatever we do, we must be careful.
Whatever we find in here is mine.
Whatever we may decide must be approved by the committee.
Whatever we may undertake, diligence is important.
Whatever we say, he won't change his mind.
Whatever we tried, we couldn't get the box open.
Whatever will be, will be.
Whatever will become of his wife if he does not return?
Whatever words you have, just say them.
Whatever you believe, you achieve.
Whatever you call it, the point stands.
Whatever you can do in Berber, just do it in Berber.
Whatever you decide is OK with me.
Whatever you decide is fine with me.
Whatever you decide to do is OK with me.
Whatever you decide to do, I'll help you.
Whatever you decide, is fine with me.
Whatever you did was by you done.
Whatever you do don't leave the lid up on the toilet!
Whatever you do don’t leave the lid up on the toilet!
Whatever you do in life will be insignificant but it's important that you do it because no one else will.
Whatever you do it'll end the same way.
Whatever you do or don't do, it doesn't interest me.
Whatever you do or forget to do, it doesn't interest me.
Whatever you do, carry it through.
Whatever you do, do it as best you can.
Whatever you do, do it as well as possible.
Whatever you do, do it as well as you can.
Whatever you do, do it quickly.
Whatever you do, do it quietly.
Whatever you do, do it to the purpose; do it thoroughly, not superficially. Go to the bottom of things. Any thing half done, or half known, is in my mind, neither done nor known at all. Nay, worse, for it often misleads.
Whatever you do, do it well!
Whatever you do, do it wise with your eyes on the prize.
Whatever you do, do it wisely, and don't forget about the end.
Whatever you do, do it wisely, and don’t forget about the end.
Whatever you do, do it with a smile.
Whatever you do, do it with foresight, focusing on the result.
Whatever you do, do not fire the pivot-gun!
Whatever you do, do the best you can.
Whatever you do, don't ask Tom to do that.
Whatever you do, don't blink.
Whatever you do, don't buy anything from Tom.
Whatever you do, don't complain to Tom about this.
Whatever you do, don't cry.
Whatever you do, don't do that with Tom.
Whatever you do, don't do that.
Whatever you do, don't drop that.
Whatever you do, don't drop your new phone.
Whatever you do, don't eat your broccoli.
Whatever you do, don't ever press this button.
Whatever you do, don't follow those lights.
Whatever you do, don't forget this.
Whatever you do, don't forget to do that.
Whatever you do, don't give him the impression that I'm in the know.
Whatever you do, don't go swimming with Tom.
Whatever you do, don't let Tom do that.
Whatever you do, don't let Tom drive.
Whatever you do, don't let Tom help you.
Whatever you do, don't let Tom know that you're going to do it.
Whatever you do, don't let Tom know that you're going to do that.
Whatever you do, don't let Tom know you're going to do it.
Whatever you do, don't let Tom know you're going to do that.
Whatever you do, don't let Tom see this.
Whatever you do, don't let Tom see you doing it.
Whatever you do, don't let Tom win.
Whatever you do, don't let go of the rope.
Whatever you do, don't look back.
Whatever you do, don't lose this key.
Whatever you do, don't move.
Whatever you do, don't open that door.
Whatever you do, don't open this door!
Whatever you do, don't pull this rope.
Whatever you do, don't push that button.
Whatever you do, don't push this button.
Whatever you do, don't run.
Whatever you do, don't say anything to upset Tom.
Whatever you do, don't smile.
Whatever you do, don't stop.
Whatever you do, don't tell Tom about what we did.
Whatever you do, don't tell Tom about what you did.
Whatever you do, don't tell Tom you're going to do it.
Whatever you do, don't tell Tom you're going to do that.
Whatever you do, don't tell Tom you're too tired to help.
Whatever you do, don't tell Tom.
Whatever you do, don't touch that switch.
Whatever you do, don't try to hit Tom.
Whatever you do, stay quiet and stay down.
Whatever you do, take an umbrella.
Whatever you do, you can absolutely not go there.
Whatever you do, you must do your best.
Whatever you do, you'll come up against a lot of criticism from other people, so just do you.
Whatever you do, you’re stuck in this mess.
Whatever you learn, you learn for yourself.
Whatever you like.
Whatever you may do, you must do your best.
Whatever you may say, I don't believe you.
Whatever you may say, I don’t believe you.
Whatever you may say, I will not change my opinion.
Whatever you may say, I won't give it up.
Whatever you may say, I won’t give it up.
Whatever you may say, I'll do that.
Whatever you may say, you won't be believed.
Whatever you may say, you won’t be believed.
Whatever you need to talk about, if I will do, I'll answer with loving care.
Whatever you need to talk about, if I will do, I’ll answer with loving care.
Whatever you order me to do, I shall faithfully obey you.
Whatever you pick is fine.
Whatever you said to him made him feel better.
Whatever you say about me, say it to my face, not behind my back.
Whatever you say will set her off crying.
Whatever you say, I won't believe you.
Whatever you say, I won’t believe you.
Whatever you say, I'll do it my way.
Whatever you say, I'll marry her.
Whatever you say, I’ll do it my way.
Whatever you say, I’ll marry her.
Whatever you say, Tom.
Whatever you say, buddy.
Whatever you say, dear.
Whatever you say, he won't change his mind.
Whatever you say, he won’t change his mind.
Whatever you say, mate.
Whatever you say, pal.
Whatever you say, she is the one I'm going to marry.
Whatever you say, she is the one I’m going to marry.
Whatever you say.
Whatever you start with, it is a success.
Whatever you think will happen, the outcome is likely to be a surprise.
Whatever you want us to do, we'll do.
Whatever you want you can have.
Whatever you want!
Whatever you want, I'll give it to you.
Whatever you want, dear.
Whatever you want, we have it.
Whatever you want.
Whatever you wish on others, it will come to you as well.
Whatever you would make habitual, practice it; and if you would not make a thing habitual, do not practice it, but accustom yourself to something else.
Whatever you write, it will be translated. People translate just about anything without even reflecting on what it is they're translating, or if it makes sense at all.
Whatever you're doing, starting off on the right foot is essential.
Whatever you're earning now I'll double if you join us.
Whatever you're earning now, I'll double it if you join us.
Whatever you're selling, I'm not interested.
Whatever you're selling, we're not buying.
Whatever your level, you are no match for me.
Whatever your will may be.
Whatever you’re doing, starting off on the right foot is essential.
Whatever you’re up to today, we hope you have a brilliant day ahead!
Whatever!
Whatever, mate.
Whatever.
Whatever. It's not important.
Whatevs.
Whats the name of this style?
Whats up with you? Didnt I tell yesterday?
WhatsApp is blocked in Brazil.
Whatshisname!
Whatsoever therefore is consequent to a time of Warre, where every man is Enemy to every man; the same is consequent to the time, wherein men live without other security, than what their own strength, and their own invention shall furnish them withall. In such condition, there is no place for Industry; because the fruit thereof is uncertain; and consequently no Culture of the Earth; no Navigation, nor use of the commodities that may be imported by Sea; no commodious Building; no Instruments of moving, and removing such things as require much force; no Knowledge of the face of the Earth; no account of Time; no Arts; no Letters; no Society; and which is worst of all, continuall feare, and danger of violent death; And the life of man, solitary, poore, nasty, brutish, and short.
What’d the doctor say?
What’d you get up to this week?
What’ll they think of next?
What’ll you be doing over the weekend?
What’ll you do if you can’t find enough food to feed your family?
What’ll you do tomorrow?
What’re you all dressed up for?
What’re you doing here?
What’re you doing today?
What’re you getting all excited about?
What’re you going to do this weekend?
What’re you saying?
What’re you waiting for?
What’re your plans for the weekend?
What’s John doing right now?
What’s Ken doing now?
What’s Ken doing?
What’s New Zealand like? Is it as sparsely populated as Australia?
What’s Oleg’s number?
What’s Rodrigo’s body count?
What’s Scotland like in summer?
What’s Tom doing here at this hour?
What’s Tom doing now?
What’s Tom like?
What’s Tom so unhappy about?
What’s Tony doing?
What’s a challenge you faced that made you stronger?
What’s a decision you made that changed your life for the better?
What’s a five-letter Spanish word that rhymes with "poder?"
What’s a flaw you see in yourself that you’re currently working on?
What’s a fun activity you enjoy doing with your family?
What’s a fun challenge you’d like to try?
What’s a good treatment for insomnia?
What’s a great way to be outdoors, socialize but also be safe in these pandemic times? For many people the obvious answer involves water.
What’s a key part of your identity you wish others knew?
What’s a lesson you’ve learned that you think is valuable?
What’s a loon?
What’s a personal detail you wish people would notice?
What’s a personal goal you’re currently working on?
What’s a piece of advice you often give to others?
What’s a quote that inspires you?
What’s a skill you admire in others and wish you had?
What’s a skill you’d like to learn in the future?
What’s a skill you’ve always wanted to master?
What’s a talent you admire in others?
What’s a tradition that’s important to you?
What’s a truth about yourself that you want to reveal?
What’s active ingredient of this shampoo?
What’s all that racket?
What’s all the fuss about? Damned if I know!
What’s all this fuss about?
What’s all this noise about?
What’s always on your mind?
What’s amazing about sports fans is the intensity of the rage they can feel toward something trivial.
What’s an example of an obstacle, a failure, or a mistake that you learned from?
What’s aspirin made of?
What’s become of your dog?
What’s behind your feelings of anger towards me?
What’s beside the desk?
What’s biting you?
What’s causing the death of the most popular singer in the world?
What’s currently hot?
What’s different from Japan is that the doctors of Singapore generally all know each other.
What’s done cannot be undone.
What’s done is done.
What’s drinking? A mere pause from thinking!
What’s eating her?
What’s eating you?
What’s essential in education is not the doctrine that is taught, it’s the awakening.
What’s everybody’s business is nobody’s business.
What’s for dinner?
What’s going on down there?
What’s going on here?
What’s going on in that area right now?
What’s going on in this town?
What’s going on out here?
What’s going on?
What’s gonna happen? - Nothing. Everything is alright.
What’s good in the neighborhood?
What’s happening?
What’s he like? He’s very nice.
What’s he talking about?
What’s her name?
What’s his most recent novel?
What’s his motive for committing murder?
What’s holding us back from success?
What’s important is work.
What’s in fashion in Paris?
What’s in front of you?
What’s in the box?
What’s in this bag?
What’s in your mind?
What’s included in the balance sheet?
What’s included under assets?
What’s it made from?
What’s it to you?
What’s its meaning now?
What’s its name?
What’s kept you?
What’s missing?
What’s more she went and ordered a top up of noodles twice.
What’s more, Chinese people like taking naps.
What’s more, from now on you must remember that you cannot go to the seaside again (by believing this forever, I have already found the biggest, best and most fitting one for me).
What’s more, only 28 percent of Americans living with HIV have received enough treatment to have undetectable viral loads in their blood.
What’s more, our first battle is to defeat that dragon!
What’s more, you can only buy train tickets one week in advance.
What’s most frustrating is that we know the vaccine is the best answer we have to solving these problems.
What’s my book doing here?
What’s my prescription?
What’s new about this way of urban living?
What’s new with you? How is your new job working out?
What’s new?
What’s on the air now?
What’s on the air this evening?
What’s on?
What’s one aspect of your life you want to share with others?
What’s one thing you’d like to communicate to others about yourself?
What’s playing at the Music Box Theater?
What’s playing at the movie theater now?
What’s radical today may be clichÃ© tomorrow.
What’s sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.
What’s she doing?
What’s something that always makes you feel better when you’re feeling down?
What’s something that made you smile recently?
What’s something that’s on your bucket list?
What’s something you have to do every day, but wish you didn't have to?
What’s something you hope to accomplish in the near future?
What’s something you think everyone should know how to do?
What’s something you think everyone should learn how to do?
What’s something you wish you could do every day?
What’s something you've done recently that you’re proud of?
What’s something you’ve accomplished that you’re extremely proud of?
What’s something you’ve always wanted to learn more about?
What’s something you’ve done that you think I'd enjoy doing?
What’s something you’ve done that you think I'd enjoy trying?
What’s something you’ve done that you think everyone should try?
What’s stopping us from moving forward?
What’s stopping us from starting right away?
What’s stopping you from being in bed?
What’s stopping you from trying again?
What’s stopping you from trying?
What’s taking you so long?
What’s taller than a horse but shorter than a dog?
What’s that animal’s name?
What’s that big building ahead of us?
What’s that bird called?
What’s that bird?
What’s that book you’re reading?
What’s that building at the back of the hospital?
What’s that building?
What’s that flower?
What’s that look for?
What’s that sound?
What’s that supposed to mean?
What’s that tall building?
What’s that tall man playing?
What’s that there?
What’s that thing you have in your hand?
What’s that vocabulary?
What’s that?
What’s the Wi-Fi password?
What’s the accusation against him?
What’s the admission fee?
What’s the airmail rate?
What’s the arrival time in Los Angeles?
What’s the assignment for tomorrow?
What’s the average rental for a shop here?
What’s the balance of my account?
What’s the best advice you’ve ever received?
What’s the best approach moving forward?
What’s the best compliment you’ve ever received from someone?
What’s the best drug for that cancer?
What’s the best feature of my body in your opinion?
What’s the best local beer that you recommend?
What’s the best thing someone has ever done for you?
What’s the best thing you’ve ever done for someone else?
What’s the best way for me to get a passport?
What’s the best way forward now?
What’s the best way to approach this?
What’s the best way to cook this dish?
What’s the best way to get there?
What’s the best way to get to the airport?
What’s the best way to go there?
What’s the best way to punish a dog?
What’s the best way to solve this?
What’s the big deal about checking my email every 15 minutes?
What’s the big idea?
What’s the biggest lesson you’ve learned from a mistake you’ve made?
What’s the boarding time?
What’s the bus fare?
What’s the capital city of Finland?
What’s the capital of this country?
What’s the cash limit on this card?
What’s the catch?
What’s the cause?
What’s the cheesiest joke you’ve ever heard?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done lately?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve ever seen anyone doing?
What’s the daily rate for a Toyota?
What’s the daily rate?
What’s the date of the letter?
What’s the date today?
What’s the day today?
What’s the destination of this ship?
What’s the difference between a village and a town?
What’s the difference between a violin and a piano? A piano burns longer.
What’s the difference between happiness and contentment?
What’s the difference between lions and leopards?
What’s the difference?
What’s the distance from here to Salamanca?
What’s the fare to Liverpool?
What’s the fastest way to get to Boston?
What’s the fax number for this hotel?
What’s the first movie that comes to your mind?
What’s the flight’s scheduled arrival time?
What’s the forecast for tomorrow?
What’s the good news?
What’s the good of having a car if you don’t drive?
What’s the grossest thing you’ve ever seen eaten in a movie?
What’s the height of the Empire State Building?
What’s the historian’s duty?
What’s the idea of throwing that stone?
What’s the ideal way you like to spend a wide-open weekend?
What’s the last book you read?
What’s the last joke you heard that made you laugh?
What’s the last page you read?
What’s the last thing that made you laugh?
What’s the last thing you saw that made you laugh?
What’s the length of this bridge?
What’s the local time in Tokyo now?
What’s the material?
What’s the matter with Tom?
What’s the matter with him?
What’s the matter with me, anyhow? You’ve lived near me for some weeks, Watson. Tell me straight, now! Is there anything that would prevent me from making a good husband to a woman that I loved?
What’s the matter with you? You look pale.
What’s the matter, Jane? You look like you aren’t feeling well.
What’s the matter, dad? Why are you grimacing like that?
What’s the matter?
What’s the matter? You look pale.
What’s the most beautiful place in the world?
What’s the most convenient way to get to Tokyo Station?
What’s the most delicious fruit in Japan?
What’s the most disgusting food you have ever eaten?
What’s the most famous college in the world?
What’s the most fun you’ve ever had with your friends?
What’s the most important part of a good education?
What’s the most unusual gift you’ve ever given?
What’s the most unusual gift you’ve ever received?
What’s the name of my doctor?
What’s the name of that piece?
What’s the name of that station?
What’s the name of that store again, please?
What’s the name of the highest mountain in that country?
What’s the name of the man whose car you borrowed?
What’s the name of the mountain range?
What’s the name of the party you’re calling?
What’s the name of the person who recommended us to you?
What’s the name of the person you want paged?
What’s the name of this bird?
What’s the name of this fruit?
What’s the name of this intersection?
What’s the name of this street, please?
What’s the name of this tune?
What’s the name of your insurance company?
What’s the name of your pharmacy?
What’s the name of your web page?
What’s the nationality of that cameraman over there?
What’s the nearest bus stop?
What’s the new teacher like?
What’s the next move?
What’s the next step after this?
What’s the next step from here?
What’s the next step now?
What’s the next step we should take?
What’s the number for the Tokyo Dome?
What’s the number of the party you are trying to reach?
What’s the number one priority for your lifetime?
What’s the number?
What’s the plan?
What’s the point in doing that?
What’s the point of delaying any further?
What’s the point of doing this?
What’s the point of showing up on time if everyone else shows up late?
What’s the point of waiting any longer?
What’s the point?
What’s the price per night including all charges?
What’s the problem?
What’s the program for today?
What’s the program for tomorrow?
What’s the purpose of your trip?
What’s the purpose of your visit?
What’s the reading on the blood pressure monitor?
What’s the reason for hesitation now?
What’s the reason for not acting now?
What’s the reason for not acting sooner?
What’s the reason for the delay?
What’s the reason for waiting any longer?
What’s the reason for waiting?
What’s the reason that made you call me?
What’s the reason you’re not in bed right now?
What’s the reason?
What’s the restaurant’s speciality?
What’s the right time?
What’s the room rate?
What’s the round-trip fare?
What’s the schools true purpose?
What’s the scoop on your new boyfriend?
What’s the sense of working so hard?
What’s the side effect?
What’s the speed limit on this road?
What’s the spelling of your family name?
What’s the square root of 100?
What’s the stop after Nagoya?
What’s the story?
What’s the tallest mountain you’ve climbed?
What’s the teacher’s name?
What’s the technical terminology for assisting someone to go to the toilet with a urine bottle?
What’s the temperature going to be tomorrow?
What’s the temperature now?
What’s the temperature?
What’s the time according to your watch?
What’s the time difference?
What’s the time now?
What’s the time?
What’s the time? My watch has gone wrong.
What’s the total population of France?
What’s the track for the limited express?
What’s the trouble? Can I be of any help?
What’s the visibility?
What’s the weather forecast for tomorrow?
What’s the weather in your country now?
What’s the weather like in New York?
What’s the weather like there?
What’s the weather like today?
What’s the weather like?
What’s the weight of your suitcase?
What’s the width of this road?
What’s the word for "kaisha" in English?
What’s the word for that in MÄori?
What’s the worst thing that could happen?
What’s their approximate worth?
What’s this chair doing here?
What’s this in aid of?
What’s this key for?
What’s this noise?
What’s this smell?
What’s this song? I’ve heard it before, but I can’t remember the name.
What’s this street called?
What’s this zoo’s name?
What’s this?
What’s today’s exchange rate?
What’s today’s menu?
What’s up, Mike?
What’s up, dawg?
What’s up, kiddo?
What’s up?
What’s waiting on us?
What’s worrying you?
What’s wrong about men ruling over women?
What’s wrong with being nude in your own house?
What’s wrong with her? She’s looking kind of blue.
What’s wrong with me?
What’s wrong with parading around your own house naked?
What’s wrong with running around your house naked?
What’s wrong with telling Tom what happened?
What’s wrong with the way we did it?
What’s wrong with what we did?
What’s wrong with what we were doing?
What’s wrong with you?
What’s your Bosnian name?
What’s your age?
What’s your answer?
What’s your availability?
What’s your best advice on how to deal with failure?
What’s your best guess?
What’s your best price?
What’s your blog about?
What’s your blood group?
What’s your blood type?
What’s your business in the States?
What’s your daughter’s name?
What’s your day off?
What’s your debt?
What’s your diagnostic?
What’s your dream for yourself in five years?
What’s your dream job?
What’s your e-mail address?
What’s your favorite American beer?
What’s your favorite Beatles song?
What’s your favorite Bob Dylan song?
What’s your favorite Broadway musical?
What’s your favorite Chinese food?
What’s your favorite Christian hymn?
What’s your favorite Christmas movie?
What’s your favorite Christmas song?
What’s your favorite Disney movie?
What’s your favorite European city?
What’s your favorite French wine?
What’s your favorite Harry Potter book?
What’s your favorite Irish whiskey?
What’s your favorite Japanese word?
What’s your favorite Johnny Depp movie?
What’s your favorite Mark Twain quote?
What’s your favorite Michael Jackson music video?
What’s your favorite Paul Gilbert solo?
What’s your favorite Rolling Stones album?
What’s your favorite Star Trek episode?
What’s your favorite TV commercial?
What’s your favorite TV series?
What’s your favorite TV show on Monday evening?
What’s your favorite TV show theme song?
What’s your favorite TV show?
What’s your favorite YouTube video?
What’s your favorite ZZ Top song?
What’s your favorite action movie?
What’s your favorite activity?
What’s your favorite alcoholic beverage?
What’s your favorite alcoholic drink?
What’s your favorite animal?
What’s your favorite animated movie?
What’s your favorite audio player?
What’s your favorite ballet?
What’s your favorite band?
What’s your favorite baseball team?
What’s your favorite beverage?
What’s your favorite blonde joke?
What’s your favorite board game?
What’s your favorite book?
What’s your favorite bottled beer?
What’s your favorite boy’s name?
What’s your favorite brand of soap?
What’s your favorite brand of yogurt?
What’s your favorite brand?
What’s your favorite breakfast food?
What’s your favorite breed of dog?
What’s your favorite candy?
What’s your favorite car?
What’s your favorite cartoon?
What’s your favorite castle in Japan?
What’s your favorite cereal?
What’s your favorite charity?
What’s your favorite cheap wine?
What’s your favorite cheese to eat when drinking wine?
What’s your favorite chick flick?
What’s your favorite city in the United States?
What’s your favorite city in the world?
What’s your favorite city?
What’s your favorite class?
What’s your favorite climate?
What’s your favorite cocktail?
What’s your favorite cold drink?
What’s your favorite cold weather drink?
What’s your favorite cold weather food?
What’s your favorite color for carpets?
What’s your favorite color for curtains?
What’s your favorite color for shoes?
What’s your favorite color of hair?
What’s your favorite color?
What’s your favorite comfort food?
What’s your favorite comic strip?
What’s your favorite commercial?
What’s your favorite computer game?
What’s your favorite constellation?
What’s your favorite cookbook?
What’s your favorite curse word?
What’s your favorite cut of meat?
What’s your favorite day of the week?
What’s your favorite day?
What’s your favorite dessert with bananas?
What’s your favorite dessert with strawberries?
What’s your favorite dessert?
What’s your favorite domestic beer?
What’s your favorite domestic wine?
What’s your favorite dried fruit?
What’s your favorite drink in the summer?
What’s your favorite drink in the winter?
What’s your favorite drink?
What’s your favorite drinking song?
What’s your favorite educational TV program?
What’s your favorite email client?
What’s your favorite energy drink?
What’s your favorite episode from season two?
What’s your favorite ethnic food?
What’s your favorite fairy tale?
What’s your favorite fast food restaurant?
What’s your favorite fast food?
What’s your favorite flavor of ice cream?
What’s your favorite flower?
What’s your favorite font?
What’s your favorite food to eat with red wine?
What’s your favorite food?
What’s your favorite form of exercise?
What’s your favorite free iPad app?
What’s your favorite free software application?
What’s your favorite fruit?
What’s your favorite funny quote?
What’s your favorite funny song?
What’s your favorite gadget?
What’s your favorite game to play with friends?
What’s your favorite game?
What’s your favorite girl’s name?
What’s your favorite hair style?
What’s your favorite historical movie?
What’s your favorite hobby?
What’s your favorite holiday activity?
What’s your favorite holiday tradition?
What’s your favorite holiday?
What’s your favorite home-cooked food?
What’s your favorite horror movie?
What’s your favorite hot drink?
What’s your favorite hot weather drink?
What’s your favorite hot weather food?
What’s your favorite hotel in Boston?
What’s your favorite humorous quote?
What’s your favorite hymn?
What’s your favorite iPad app?
What’s your favorite iPhone app?
What’s your favorite ice cream flavor?
What’s your favorite image editing software?
What’s your favorite item of clothing?
What’s your favorite joke?
What’s your favorite kind of apple?
What’s your favorite kind of art?
What’s your favorite kind of book to read?
What’s your favorite kind of book?
What’s your favorite kind of candy?
What’s your favorite kind of chewing gum?
What’s your favorite kind of chocolate?
What’s your favorite kind of dried fruit?
What’s your favorite kind of fish to catch?
What’s your favorite kind of fish?
What’s your favorite kind of food?
What’s your favorite kind of movie to watch with your children?
What’s your favorite kind of movie to watch?
What’s your favorite kind of music to wake up to?
What’s your favorite kind of music?
What’s your favorite kind of pie?
What’s your favorite kind of place to go on a first date?
What’s your favorite kind of shellfish?
What’s your favorite kind of sushi?
What’s your favorite kind of weather?
What’s your favorite leisure activity?
What’s your favorite line from that movie?
What’s your favorite local restaurant?
What’s your favorite love song?
What’s your favorite magazine?
What’s your favorite memory from childhood?
What’s your favorite memory from the past year?
What’s your favorite metaphor?
What’s your favorite movie of all time?
What’s your favorite movie soundtrack?
What’s your favorite movie this year?
What’s your favorite movie with a car chase?
What’s your favorite movie?
What’s your favorite muscle car?
What’s your favorite music group?
What’s your favorite music?
What’s your favorite musical instrument?
What’s your favorite mystery novel?
What’s your favorite nail polish?
What’s your favorite national park?
What’s your favorite newspaper?
What’s your favorite non-Google search engine?
What’s your favorite non-alcoholic beverage?
What’s your favorite non-caffeinated drink?
What’s your favorite non-electrical gadget?
What’s your favorite non-fiction book?
What’s your favorite novel?
What’s your favorite number?
What’s your favorite nursery rhyme?
What’s your favorite oldies song?
What’s your favorite open source game?
What’s your favorite open source software?
What’s your favorite opera?
What’s your favorite operating system?
What’s your favorite part of that movie?
What’s your favorite part of the chicken?
What’s your favorite part of the day?
What’s your favorite part of this book?
What’s your favorite pastime?
What’s your favorite perfume?
What’s your favorite piece of furniture?
What’s your favorite pizza topping?
What’s your favorite place to go hear live music?
What’s your favorite place to go when you want to think?
What’s your favorite place to vacation in Japan?
What’s your favorite place to visit?
What’s your favorite podcast?
What’s your favorite poem?
What’s your favorite program on TV?
What’s your favorite programming language?
What’s your favorite protest song?
What’s your favorite proverb?
What’s your favorite pun?
What’s your favorite question to ask on a first date?
What’s your favorite quiz show on TV?
What’s your favorite racing game?
What’s your favorite radio station?
What’s your favorite recipe?
What’s your favorite recording of Beethoven’s Fifth?
What’s your favorite restaurant in Boston?
What’s your favorite restaurant?
What’s your favorite role-playing game?
What’s your favorite romance novel?
What’s your favorite romantic movie?
What’s your favorite room in your house?
What’s your favorite sad song?
What’s your favorite salad dressing?
What’s your favorite salty snack?
What’s your favorite sandwich?
What’s your favorite saying?
What’s your favorite scary movie?
What’s your favorite screen saver?
What’s your favorite search engine?
What’s your favorite season of the year?
What’s your favorite season?
What’s your favorite seasoning?
What’s your favorite self-care habit?
What’s your favorite self-help book?
What’s your favorite shampoo?
What’s your favorite sitcom?
What’s your favorite ski area?
What’s your favorite slang expression?
What’s your favorite slogan?
What’s your favorite small town in America?
What’s your favorite snack food?
What’s your favorite snack?
What’s your favorite soap opera?
What’s your favorite soccer team?
What’s your favorite soft drink?
What’s your favorite song by the Rolling Stones?
What’s your favorite song in last year’s top 100?
What’s your favorite song lyric?
What’s your favorite song on this album?
What’s your favorite song to dance to?
What’s your favorite song to sing with young children?
What’s your favorite song to workout to?
What’s your favorite song?
What’s your favorite spectator sport?
What’s your favorite sport to play?
What’s your favorite sport to watch?
What’s your favorite sport?
What’s your favorite subject at school?
What’s your favorite subject in high school?
What’s your favorite subject in school?
What’s your favorite subject?
What’s your favorite summer activity?
What’s your favorite summer food?
What’s your favorite summer sport?
What’s your favorite swear word?
What’s your favorite symphony?
What’s your favorite talk show?
What’s your favorite television program?
What’s your favorite thing about Hawaii?
What’s your favorite thing about being an adult?
What’s your favorite thing about not being a child anymore?
What’s your favorite thing about the Christmas season?
What’s your favorite thing about your job?
What’s your favorite thing about your school?
What’s your favorite thing in the whole world?
What’s your favorite thing to do for fun?
What’s your favorite thing to do in your free time?
What’s your favorite thing to do on a first date?
What’s your favorite thing to do on a rainy day?
What’s your favorite thing to do on weekends?
What’s your favorite thing to do when you’re feeling down?
What’s your favorite thing to do with your parents?
What’s your favorite thing to do?
What’s your favorite thing to have for lunch?
What’s your favorite thing to have for supper?
What’s your favorite thirst quencher?
What’s your favorite time of day to exercise?
What’s your favorite time of day?
What’s your favorite time waster?
What’s your favorite tongue twister?
What’s your favorite toothpaste?
What’s your favorite topic of conversation?
What’s your favorite treat?
What’s your favorite type of dessert?
What’s your favorite type of exercise?
What’s your favorite type of music?
What’s your favorite type of seafood?
What’s your favorite upbeat song?
What’s your favorite vacation spot?
What’s your favorite vegetable?
What’s your favorite video game?
What’s your favorite war movie?
What’s your favorite way to cook beans?
What’s your favorite way to cook potatoes?
What’s your favorite way to cook trout?
What’s your favorite way to exercise your dog?
What’s your favorite way to get around?
What’s your favorite way to get exercise?
What’s your favorite way to relax?
What’s your favorite way to spend a long weekend?
What’s your favorite way to spend time in Boston?
What’s your favorite way to spend time with family?
What’s your favorite way to take care of yourself?
What’s your favorite way to travel?
What’s your favorite way to unwind?
What’s your favorite weapon?
What’s your favorite web browser?
What’s your favorite website?
What’s your favorite wine?
What’s your favorite winter activity?
What’s your favorite winter food?
What’s your favorite winter sport?
What’s your favorite word?
What’s your favorite yoga pose?
What’s your favourite pastime?
What’s your favourite type of sushi?
What’s your first name?
What’s your friend’s name?
What’s your full name?
What’s your hobby?
What’s your home address?
What’s your home phone number?
What’s your idea of a perfect vacation?
What’s your impression of China?
What’s your impression of that person like?
What’s your impression of the United States?
What’s your impression, doctor?
What’s your job?
What’s your major field?
What’s your major?
What’s your name and flight number?
What’s your name?
What’s your name? (Female)
What’s your native language?
What’s your occupation?
What’s your opinion of Japanese food?
What’s your opinion of the Gulf War?
What’s your opinion with regard to this matter?
What’s your opinion?
What’s your phone number?
What’s your point?
What’s your profession?
What’s your purpose in studying English?
What’s your purpose in visiting this country?
What’s your real purpose?
What’s your relation with him?
What’s your schedule for tomorrow?
What’s your schedule like today?
What’s your score?
What’s your shoe size?
What’s your situation?
What’s your speciality?
What’s your specialty?
What’s your strongest type of headache pill?
What’s your strongest type of sunscreen?
What’s your take on my book?
What’s your take on this?
What’s your wish?
What’ve you been up to?
Wheat has been a major commodity in Algeria for centuries.
Wheat is Algeria's most important food crop.
Wheat is a major commodity in Algeria.
Wheat is a staple food in America. People eat it everyday. My favorite wheat products are donuts, or "fánkok" in Hungarian.
Wheat is ground into flour.
Wheat is grown in Algeria.
Wheat is grown in such large quantities in Algeria.
Wheat is known at the market.
Wheat is one of the most important crop in Iran's agricultural sector.
Wheat spikes are tall this year due to the rain.
Wheelchair access is very limited.
Wheelchairs give people with physical disabilities more mobility.
Wheeler says the largest species on the list is an antelope that was first discovered being sold as bush meat in a West African market.
Wheelie bins have been blown into the street.
Wheelie bins have blown across the street.
Wheels turn on axles.
When "Don't do it!" is said by someone, you end up wanting to do it, isn't that right?
When "Eretz Yisrael" was listed next to "Palestine" in the official Hebrew name of British Mandate Palestine, an attempt was made to add "Southern Syria" to the official Arabic name.
When "alpha divides the product of beta and gamma" never fails to entail "alpha divides beta" or "alpha divides gamma," then alpha is prime.
When 19th century scientists first tried to liquefy oxygen, it seemed an impossible task.
When Achilles would draw his sword to slay Agamemnon, Athena, invisible to all else, holds him back by a lock of hair. Here Homer shows us the gods as the psychology of ancient Greece.
When Adam Hussein founded the station, he hoped to give a voice to disempowered residents by highlighting issues that directly touch their daily lives.
When Adam delved and Eve span, who was then the gentleman?
When Adams was very young he showed a talent for doing math. He could do very difficult math problems in his head.
When Adriano saw Rima, he cried.
When Ahmad was a boy, he could climb tall trees.
When Akli is writing in Kabyle he feels very happy.
When Akli learned writing in Kabyle, he felt like he was born again.
When Albert fools around, Ruth rests. When Ruth fools around, Albert rests.
When Alberto looked away from the volleyball net, he couldn't see Isabella.
When Alberto opened the door, he burst into laughter.
When Alberto saw Isabella, he went the other way.
When Alexander the Great addressed him with greetings, and asked if he wanted anything, Diogenes replied "Yes, stand a little out of my sunshine."
When Algeria calls, we'll answer the call!
When Algerian Arabs are insulted by the true Arabs of the East, they remember for a moment that they have Berber origins.
When Algerians slaughter their sheep on the day of Eid, they throw the viscera in the street.
When Amanda turned, she saw the most gorgeous guy she had ever laid eyes on.
When Amanda was young, she was the most beautiful girl in town.
When Americans invade a Muslim or Asian country, they never bring freedom and democracy with them.
When Angela Merkel rang Barack Obama, he already knew what she was going to say.
When Anna was in the water, she felt strong arms around her waist. It was Vladimir.
When Anthony takes off his shoes, his stink scares off even the cockroaches.
When Antonio saw the fight, he hid behind a wall.
When Antony takes off his shoes, his feet stink so much so that it even amazes the cockroaches.
When Aunt Mary passed away without making a will, her death was a total loss.
When Beethoven was dying in 1827, Schubert called upon him and remained with him for some time.
When Bloomberg ran for a third term in an undemocratic process, he was acting a bit like a dictator, but he was our benevolent dictator, if there is such a thing.
When Boldi opened his eyes, he nearly jumped out of his bed.
When Boldi was fourteen, his parents died.
When Boldi woke up, he head hurt.
When Boris saw Rima’s face, he freaked out.
When Boris turned on his flashlight, he revealed his position.
When Bouteflika came to power, Algeria had just ended a civil war.
When British Prime Minister Boris Johnson declared on the 28th August that he would suspend parliament, political unrest erupted over a "constitutional crisis" with street demonstrations against the "coup d'état".
When Briton Jane Walker first saw children rummaging through trash heaps while on a trip to the Philippines in 1996, she decided to do something about it.
When CO₂ is absorbed by seawater, a series of chemical reactions occur resulting in the increased concentration of hydrogen ions. This increase causes the seawater to become more acidic and causes carbonate ions to be relatively less abundant.
When Caesar arrived, he pitched camp.
When Cameroonian golf champion Issa Nlareb Amang lost his legs and most of his fingers to meningitis in 2018, many thought his life in the sport was over. But, thanks to donors, he was able to get prosthetics that allowed him to return to the game and become the only disabled professional golfer in West Africa.
When Carlos and Rima finally kissed, everybody in the movie theater applauded.
When Ceres was first discovered it was called a comet. Within a year it was called a planet. Within one more year it was called an asteroid. Since 2006, it has been called a dwarf planet.
When Chen's rescue of a wolf cub is discovered, he faces the ire of the villagers who don't want such a creature in their midst.
When Chokichi thought listlessly about this winter, and the similar winter before and the one before that, he vividly experienced the fact that as people grow older, they gradually lose their happiness.
When Chris suggested going out, she managed to politely say no.
When Christmas Eve came he’d harness up his reindeers, Dasher, and Prancer, and Vixen, and the rest of them, and wrap himself up in furs, and light his big pipe, and cram his sled full of the doll-babies and Noah’s arks, and all the other toys he’d been making, and off he’d go with a great shout and tremendous ringing of sleigh-bells.
When Christmas comes around, I usually receive a lot of presents.
When Christmas comes around, people start decorating their houses with ornaments, stockings, and, of course, Christmas trees.
When Cinder-Maid went to the ball the Prince would dance with none but her; and when midnight came round she fled as before. But the Prince, hoping to prevent her running away, had ordered the soldiers at the foot of the stair-case to pour out honey on the stairs so that her shoes would stick in it. But Cinder-Maid leaped from stair to stair and got away just in time.
When Cinderella heard midnight sounding, she left immediately.
When Claudio noticed Isabella staring at him, it gave him the creeps.
When Claudio realized that, he felt his heart skip a few beats.
When Columbus discovered America, bison (American buffalo) inhabited a wide-ranging area.
When Congress is dysfunctional, we should draw our congressional districts to encourage politicians to cater to common sense and not rigid extremes.
When Cristina Pato first played the Galician bagpipe as a child, she never dreamed she would travel with it beyond the villages and pastures of rural Spain.
When Cunningham saw that the case against him was so strong he lost all heart and made a clean breast of everything.
When Dad came home, I was watching TV.
When Dad finds out what you've done, he's going to hit the roof.
When Dad finds out what you’ve done, he’s going to hit the roof.
When Dan complained about the loud music, Linda mocked him.
When Dan realized what happened, it was too late.
When Daniel started to play the guitar, even the sleeping students woke up to listen.
When Daniel walked in, everyone stared at him.
When Daniel walked into the house, he saw Amanda crying.
When Daphnis had finished his tale, Chloe kissed him, not ten times as he had asked her, but a thousand, and Echo repeated every kiss, as if to testify that Daphnis had not included in his story of her anything that was contrary to truth.
When Darius saw that he would be overcome, he wanted to commit suicide in that battle.
When David got down, he breathed a sigh of relief.
When David saw Amanda's tattoo, he started yelling.
When David saw Amanda, he was absolutely delighted.
When David saw Amanda, he winced.
When David saw Martha there, he was completely stunned.
When David started high school, his parents got a divorce.
When David's parents handed him the gift, he screamed with joy.
When Di Ma tried for the 966th time, he had already begun to lose hope.
When Diego arrived, the parking lot was completely empty.
When Donald and Jessica had bad stomachs, I gave them this medicine.
When Donald became famous, all girls were pining for him.
When Donald died, Jessica left.
When Donald dies, all this is going to belong to Jessica.
When Donald got up, he was very sick.
When Donald looked at Jessica, all of his anxiety ran away.
When Donald taught at Harvard, it was still like that.
When Donald was forty, he began a rock band.
When Donald was on drugs, he often did crazy things.
When Donald was on drugs, he often didn't know what day it was.
When Donald wasn't drunk, he played with Jessica.
When Dr. Lushantha Gunasekera at Orlando Health began feeling back pain, he thought he needed strength training.
When Dr. Mortimer had finished reading this singular narrative he pushed his spectacles up on his forehead and stared across at Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
When Dr. Roylott was in India he married my mother, Mrs. Stoner, the young widow of Major-General Stoner, of the Bengal Artillery.
When Einstein said, "Things should be as simple as possible--but no simpler," he meant "Simpler is better--but only to the edge of simplistic."
When Elias named the river after Sandra, she was speechless.
When Elias returned home, the first thing he asked was where Sandra was.
When Elias saw Sandra leave, he let out a sigh of relief.
When Elias saw Sandra's face, he began to get cranky.
When Elias saw Sandra, he hissed at her.
When Elias was passing by, Sandra jumped out from behind the tree.
When Elsa awoke the next morning in her silken bed, with its soft white pillows, she saw a beautiful dress lying over the back of a chair, ready for her to put on.
When Facebook didn't exist, what was I doing to talk crap?
When Fadil and Layla first moved to Egypt, they wanted a family.
When Fadil arrived in Egypt, he got a different picture.
When Fadil found out the truth, he was furious.
When Fadil took the drug, the high was unlike anything that he had ever felt.
When Fadil was married to one woman, he would be searching the Internet for another one.
When Fadil was questioned, he started spinning lies.
When Flavio got inside, it was very quiet.
When Flavio saw Isabella, he almost looked surprised.
When Florian said that he needed to fart, Annie quickly left the room.
When Fred hears loud music, he gets annoyed.
When Friday comes around, it's time for me to let my hair down and enjoy the weekend.
When Friday comes around, it’s time for me to let my hair down and enjoy the weekend.
When Gabor looked at Martha, all of his anxiety went away.
When Gabor noticed Martha, his jaw dropped.
When Gabor resurfaced, the ship was nowhere in sight.
When Gabor saw the message, his eyes widened.
When Gabor sings, he sounds like a horse trying to sing opera.
When Gabor walked in, he didn't even glance at Martha.
When Gabor went back to the island, he barely recognized it.
When Gabriel entered the room, everyone waved in welcome.
When Germany plays, Tom basically always stands on the opponent's side.
When Germany’s long-standing chancellor, Angela Merkel, steps down following federal elections later this month, it will mark the end of an era, not only for Germany but also for the European Union.
When Giorgia Meloni dies (hopefully soon), a new gender-neutral bathroom will open up in Italy.
When God created the Ninth Symphony, he made Beethoven an immortal and incomparable composer.
When God made the world, he created the man and the woman. Not the master and the slave, not the Jew and the Christian, and not the rich and the poor.
When God saw that the way was too long, the hill too steep, the breathing too heavy, he put his arm around you and said: "Come home."
When God wants, a broom also shoots.
When Gunter left Rima, she left Algiers.
When Gunter realized that, his heart dropped a thousand feet.
When Gunter turned around, he saw two classmates imitating him.
When Hadrian was emperor, capital punishment became rarer.
When Harold Fairhair was king of Norway, Iceland was settled.
When Harry Fielding Reid visited the bay in 1892 he discovered that the front of the glacier had receded so far it had split into three different glaciers.
When Hawking graduated from college in 1962, he began studying for a Ph.D. in physics.
When Heaven is about to bestow a great responsibility on a person, it must first distress their mind, exhaust their muscles and bones, starve their body, and deprive them of resources, making their actions go against their will. This is done to stimulate their heart and temper their character, thereby increasing what they are capable of.
When Hollywood needs an authentic Victorian dress or Edwardian hat for a new movie, costume designers are likely to head to New York City and go straight to vintage collector Helen Uffner.
When Hollywood was built, few gentiles wanted to work in such a disreputable field.
When I accidentally stood on the cat's tail, she hissed at me and raced out of the room.
When I add A to B, the result I get is C.
When I admire the wonder of a sunset or the beauty of the moon, my soul expands in awe of the Creator.
When I am at home, I like to look at the mountains through the window.
When I am at work, I am a very orderly person.
When I am at work, I am a very tidy person.
When I am dead, bewail me: and when you see another tending my flocks, remember Dorcon.
When I am done with work, I can talk to you.
When I am finished with what I am doing, I will come.
When I am finished working on this, I'll take you to the movies.
When I am going to visit someone I look up to, I first write to him and tell him why.
When I am gone, come what will.
When I am in Kabylie, I only eat couscous.
When I am in London, I will most probably go catch a few performances.
When I am king, you will be queen.
When I am nervous, I sometimes stutter.
When I am queen, I will have you jailed.
When I am queen, I will lock up Tom in the dungeon.
When I am queen, you will be king.
When I am sad, my friends support me.
When I am sitting next to the window, I feel sick.
When I am speaking, please keep quiet and listen to me.
When I am watering my houseplants, I am very relaxed.
When I am with you, I feel very happy.
When I am working, I am a very tidy person.
When I approach an intersection, I always beep just in case.
When I approach an intersection, I always honk my horn just in case.
When I arrive at the station, I will call you.
When I arrived at the airport, I saw the plane taking off.
When I arrived at the airport, the wind was blowing a gale.
When I arrived at the airport, the wind was blowing hard.
When I arrived at the house I had already stolen the key.
When I arrived at the house, I knocked at the front door.
When I arrived at the office, I found out that I didn't have my documents.
When I arrived at the station, my friends were waiting for me.
When I arrived at the station, the train had already left.
When I arrived at the station, the train was just about to leave.
When I arrived back past the curfew the other day, the housemother was extremely angry.
When I arrived here, I didn't know anyone.
When I arrived home, my sister was playing the guitar.
When I arrived home, the keys had already been stolen.
When I arrived there, I found him.
When I arrived, I didn't see anyone.
When I arrived, Tom was alone.
When I arrived, Tom was already drunk.
When I arrived, Tom was already gone.
When I arrived, everyone had already gone.
When I arrived, everyone had already left.
When I arrived, everyone was sitting at the table drinking tea.
When I arrived, he'd already left.
When I arrived, it was raining.
When I arrived, she was just getting ready to leave.
When I arrived, the dispute had reached its boiling point.
When I arrived, the meeting had already ended.
When I arrived, there was no one there.
When I arrived, they quickly cleared out of the house.
When I ask her a question, she looks at me angrily.
When I ask him to pay me back, he turns a deaf ear.
When I ask people what they regret most about high school, they nearly all say the same thing: that they wasted so much time.
When I asked Dad for more money, he really blew up and started to yell at me.
When I asked Mary how to do that, she said she didn't know how.
When I asked Tom and Mary how to do that, they said they didn't know how.
When I asked Tom how to do that, he said he didn't know how.
When I asked Tom when he was planning to apologise to Mary, he answered with a flat "Never!"
When I asked Tom why he had thrown out all of the files, he explained his reasoning cogently.
When I asked afterwards it seems he hadn't said that as a joke.
When I asked afterwards it seems he hadn’t said that as a joke.
When I asked her a question, she gave me a cold look.
When I asked her if she was tired after the long walk, she said, "Sort of."
When I asked her if she was tired after the long walk, she said, "sort of."
When I asked her, "Do you speak German?" Mary nodded her head.
When I asked him about it he explained it to me point for point.
When I asked him for change, he gave it to me.
When I asked him if he knew where she was he just shrugged his shoulders.
When I asked him to lend me some money, he turned down my request.
When I asked him to return the money, he pretended that he didn't hear me.
When I asked him to return the money, he pretended that he didn’t hear me.
When I asked him, he was busy working.
When I asked the college student if he regularly attended his school, he was at a loss for an answer.
When I asked whether I might talk with him a moment, he said, "By all means."
When I ate it for the first time in a while, it wasn't spicy at all!
When I ate the food only for animals, I wanted to throw up.
When I attended a Japanese high school last July, I was impressed with what I saw.
When I attended a Thai Buddhist temple in Vancouver, BC, the monk asked me to help him to use accents on the Pali-language Romanized text on his computer. It was difficult, because at that time, Unicode was still embryonic. Unicode is ubiquitous on devices now.
When I awoke from sleep and opened my eyes, there was absolute darkness around me.
When I awoke this morning, I felt hungry.
When I awoke, he had already been there.
When I awoke, it was snowing.
When I became Muslim, my mom thought that I betrayed the family.
When I became a man I put away childish things, including the fear of childishness and the desire to be very grown up.
When I became a parent, my beloved wife and I, determined to make the Christmastide one of the golden days of the twelve months.
When I became a student of Tokyo University, the pinnacle of achievement in academic-focused Japan, the thing that most surprised me was that I could make 10,000 yen an hour as a home tutor.
When I became a vegetarian, I didn't think of the environment; I only thought of animal rights and the fact that I didn't want to kill an animal.
When I became aware of my surroundings, I was living with my father and grandmother.
When I became friends with her, I didn't know she just wanted my money.
When I began to read it, I found the book interesting.
When I began to read the book, I found it interesting.
When I began to study the Russian language, I didn't have the slightest idea how hard it would be to construct sentences without mistakes.
When I bite down, this tooth hurts.
When I boarded the train this morning, I ran into an old friend.
When I bought this house, it was the largest house on the block.
When I braced myself and said, "I'm pregnant" he said "Are you saying it's mine?"
When I braced myself and said, "I’m pregnant" he said "Are you saying it’s mine?"
When I browse sentences on Tatoeba, sometimes I get the feeling of déjà vu.
When I browse the web, I read a lot of webpages.
When I brushed my teeth this morning, I found pill-bugs in my mouth.
When I bumped into Tom yesterday, he looked pretty worn out.
When I call on you, I'll let you know in advance.
When I call on you, I’ll let you know in advance.
When I call someone stupid, it's not an insult. I'm indicating to him that he has broad potential for intellectual development.
When I call your name, raise your hand.
When I called at his house, he was absent.
When I called him right-wing, I mean that his thinking is old-fashioned.
When I called him, he wasn't home.
When I called on him, he was hard at work.
When I called on him, he was not at home.
When I called on him, he was talking on the phone.
When I called, he had already set off.
When I came back you were already asleep.
When I came back, my car had vanished.
When I came back, my car was gone.
When I came back, you were gone.
When I came he was still lying in bed.
When I came here, I didn't know anyone.
When I came home, I felt very hungry.
When I came home, I saw Tom passed out on the floor.
When I came home, Tom and Mary were studying.
When I came home, Tom was cooking dinner.
When I came home, Tom was practicing piano.
When I came home, Tom was studying.
When I came home, Tom was watching TV.
When I came home, he was cooking dinner.
When I came home, he was studying.
When I came home, he was watching TV.
When I came home, my father had already been there.
When I came home, my little sister was playing the guitar.
When I came home, my mother was standing by the door in tears.
When I came home, my sister was playing the guitar.
When I came home, she was watching TV.
When I came in, my dog jumped up on me.
When I came into the room, I found Tom unconscious on the floor.
When I came into the room, it was empty.
When I came into the world.
When I came of age they gave me boots, a cap and a gun.
When I came to Japan, I burned my bridges.
When I came to Japan, I took a picture at the airport.
When I came to class late the teacher didn't let me in.
When I came to myself, I was in the hospital.
When I came to the school, there was nobody there anymore.
When I came to the ticket office at 8 in the morning there were many people there already. Some of them had come at 6. So I didn't get the tickets I had promised Peter.
When I came to, I found myself in the hospital.
When I came to, I found myself lying on the floor.
When I came to, I was in the hospital.
When I came, he was already gone.
When I came, he was out.
When I can be of no service to the fatherland, I will at least try my best to not do any harm.
When I can get through my exams, I will take a long vacation.
When I checked the text, I didn't find any mistakes.
When I checked the text, I found no mistakes.
When I close my eyes I imagine I am a bird and can fly.
When I close my eyes, I imagine that I am a bird and can fly.
When I closed the door behind them a load seemed to be lifted from my mind.
When I come back to the country [who knows if this virus will leave us a respite or attack us again], ask me again to continue my translation into Kabyle of the French text that I already wrote on couscous; and that I titled "Awer ifuṛ, awer yeṛdem". No doubt I will use your lexical text wisely so that every Kabyle, woman and man, is proud of it. So, please don't forget!
When I come back, I wanna see your friends out of here.
When I come to the end of one withy, I pick up another, matching narrow end to narrow, and thick end to thick.
When I compare my Tagalog writing to my English writing, I think that the application of tenses in English is really cumbersome.
When I confronted Tom, he said that he had mailed the check. But later he admitted that he had spent the money elsewhere. I've had it with him.
When I considered beautiful things I found that there was nothing for me to do but to gaze and admire.
When I contemplate the sea, I feel calm.
When I contribute to Tatoeba, I listen to jazz music.
When I converted to Islam, I had God back in my life.
When I converted to Islam, I had a new beginning.
When I converted to Islam, I quit drinking.
When I converted to Islam, I started to change radically.
When I converted to Islam, I started to have inner peace.
When I converted to Islam, my parents almost kicked me out of the house.
When I converted to Islam, my parents forbade me to talk to my little brothers.
When I cough twice, that's your cue to come into the room.
When I cough, I taste blood.
When I crashed the family car, my father was so mad that he said he was going to disown me.
When I crawled out from the mineshaft, I glanced at the sky and was immediately dumbstruck - two suns were cooking the desert dry of moisture.
When I decide to do something, I usually get it done.
When I did look up, I saw Arthur standing in the doorway laughing, with a stick in his hand.
When I did up my eyebrows, I looked much, much better.
When I didn't have any money, I only had a rug for a bed.
When I didn't know how to answer the question, Tom gave me a hint.
When I didn't know how to answer the question, he gave me a hint.
When I didn’t have any money, I only had a rug for a bed.
When I didn’t know how to answer the question, he gave me a hint.
When I die, I want no crying and no candles.
When I die, I want to be buried here.
When I die, I want to be buried next to her.
When I die, I want to be cremated.
When I die, I want to die like my grandfather who died peacefully in his sleep. Not screaming like all the passengers in his car.
When I die, let me be buried in my beloved Ukraine, my tomb upon a grave-mound high, amid the wide-spread plain.
When I die, my name will be known all over the world.
When I die, no one will remember me, so I try to leave a mark on people's hearts while I'm still alive.
When I discovered my non-binary identity, I began searching for unisex names.
When I do good, I feel good. When I do bad, I feel bad. That's my religion.
When I do something wrong, I hear a small voice in my head telling me about the error.
When I do this, my elbow hurts.
When I don't get my money, I don't do my job.
When I don't have anything to say, I am not embarrassed to be quiet.
When I don't have anything to say, I'm not embarrassed to be quiet.
When I don't have energy, I prefer to stay at home and watch TV.
When I don't have my cell phone, I feel lonely.
When I don't like something, I tell people I don't like it.
When I don't want to be followed by a web service provider, I turn off my cellphone.
When I drink carbonated water my stomach quickly starts feeling inflated.
When I drink too much, I get nostalgic and often tearful.
When I drink, I also speak French.
When I drive, I always avoid trucks.
When I eat a lot at night, I have nightmares.
When I eat cauliflower or drink milk, I fart.
When I entered Tom's room, I found him reading a book.
When I entered Tom's room, he was reading a book.
When I entered his room, I found him reading a book.
When I entered his room, he was reading a book.
When I entered the coffee shop, two young men were watching a wrestling match on television.
When I entered the dark music room, the piano stopped playing.
When I entered the house, I tripped on the doormat and fell over.
When I entered the house, they all applauded.
When I entered the kitchen, she was making chicken curry with rice.
When I entered the plane and counted eight infants, I understandably felt worse, and my hope for sound sleep winced and hid in the corner of my subconsciousness.
When I entered the room, I could hear Mozart playing on the radio.
When I entered the room, I found a dog.
When I entered the room, I found her buried in a book.
When I entered the room, I saw that Tom was fast asleep.
When I entered the room, I saw that he was writing.
When I entered the room, Tom and Mary were laughing at something.
When I entered the room, Tom and Mary were snuggled together on the couch.
When I entered the room, Tom was lying on the floor and his eyes were closed.
When I entered the room, everyone stopped talking.
When I entered the room, she was playing the piano.
When I entered the room, they went quiet.
When I entered the supermarket, I found out that I had forgotten my wallet.
When I exercise in mid-summer, I drip with sweat.
When I explained to the squirrels that for me this task was like a nut that needed to be cracked, they understood why I was working on it so diligently.
When I failed, he said, "It serves you right".
When I failed, he said, "It serves you right."
When I fall, I get up.
When I fart and the dignitaries begin laughing at me, draw your swords.
When I feel an itch, a discomfort, a pain, I try to observe it carefully, to convince myself of the truth of what the wise men say: that we ARE not our bodies.
When I feel bad, I utter animal noises.
When I feel despair, I always turn to the verses in Psalm 34:18, Matthew 11:28-30, and Isaiah 41:10.
When I feel fine, I go for a walk.
When I feel hopeless, I always turn to Psalm 34:18, Matthew 11:28-30, and Isaiah 41:10.
When I feel like writing an autobiography, I will.
When I fell I tore a hole in the knee of my pants.
When I fell off my bicycle, I couldn't get up for a few minutes.
When I fell off my bicycle, I couldn’t get up for a few minutes.
When I felt for my pocketbook I found it was gone.
When I filled my tank with gasoline this morning, it cost ¥135 per liter which is $6.55 per gallon.
When I finally came home at 1 o'clock at night, my whole body was completely exhausted.
When I find myself in trouble, I try to find a way to get out of it.
When I finished reading that book, I hugged it.
When I finished reading the book that Tom lent me, I gave it back to him.
When I finished reading the letter, I folded it up and put it back into the envelope.
When I finished the novel I breathed a sigh of relief.
When I first came back to Boston, I was really lonely.
When I first came here, I didn't know anyone.
When I first came to Algeria, I went to Kabylie to learn Berber.
When I first came to Beijing, I loved to stroll everywhere, but Beijing was not like what I had imagined.
When I first came to Kabylie, I didn't speak a word of Berber.
When I first came up to London I had rooms in Montague Street, just round the corner from the British Museum.
When I first got elected to the Council, I had a 2-year-old daughter—she's 6 now—and I saw that in her bedroom she had dozens and dozens if not a hundred books. That's not the reality for every home in DC.
When I first got to Boston, I was in a daze.
When I first got to New York, I was in a daze.
When I first had him in front of me, I knew that we could build a lifetime love between us.
When I first laid eyes on Tom, I knew he was different from any other man I'd ever met.
When I first laid eyes on him, I knew he was different.
When I first met Anna, I felt that heart-pounding rush in my chest.
When I first met Fadil, he was a wannabe-thug teenager.
When I first met Mary, I didn't know that she was rich.
When I first met Mary, I didn't like her much.
When I first met Mary, I didn't like her.
When I first met Mary, I thought she was a little obnoxious.
When I first met Mary, she was a bartender.
When I first met Mary, she was just a teenager.
When I first met Mary, she was still a student.
When I first met Mary, she was still a teenager.
When I first met Sami, he was a wannabe-thug teenager.
When I first met Tom and Mary, I didn't know that they were rich.
When I first met Tom and Mary, I didn't like them much.
When I first met Tom and Mary, I didn't like them.
When I first met Tom and Mary, I thought they were a little obnoxious.
When I first met Tom and Mary, they were bartenders.
When I first met Tom and Mary, they were just teenagers.
When I first met Tom and Mary, they were still students.
When I first met Tom and Mary, they were still teenagers.
When I first met Tom, I didn't know he was rich.
When I first met Tom, I didn't know how rich he was.
When I first met Tom, I didn't know that he was rich.
When I first met Tom, I didn't like him much.
When I first met Tom, I didn't like him.
When I first met Tom, I thought he was a little obnoxious.
When I first met Tom, I thought he was a nice guy, but I soon found out otherwise.
When I first met Tom, I was eighteen.
When I first met Tom, he was a bartender.
When I first met Tom, he was just a teenager.
When I first met Tom, he was still a student.
When I first met Tom, he was still a teenager.
When I first met Tom, he was still working as a bartender.
When I first met her, I thought she was a prostitute.
When I first met her, she was nearly 30 years old.
When I first met him, I thought he was putting on airs.
When I first met him, I was taken aback by his unexpected question.
When I first met you, I thought you were a cop.
When I first moved here, I couldn't stand the heat and humidity. But I think at this point I've acclimatized.
When I first moved to Boston, I didn't know anyone.
When I first saw Tom, I thought he was a girl.
When I first saw her, she was walking about with a bottle of beer in her hand.
When I first saw him, I knew that I was facing my next lover, and everything suddently started to just click together.
When I first saw him, he looked as if he were dead.
When I first started school here, I wanted to make friends.
When I first started school here, I wanted to make friends. But I struggled to speak English fluently.
When I first started teaching here, most of my students couldn't read or write.
When I first started teaching here, most of my students were unable to read or write.
When I first took a C course, I couldn't understand a single thing explained in class. Thank God I got a friend of mine who's a programmer to explain to me how the whole caboodle works.
When I first took a C course, I couldn’t understand a single thing explained in class. Thank God I got a friend of mine who’s a programmer to explain to me how the whole caboodle works.
When I first tried barfi, an East Indian sweet, I liked it.
When I first tried to play the dirge, I only got through a dozen measures before breaking down in tears.
When I first visit a country, I always try to share a meal with the people there.
When I first went to Kabylie, I didn't speak a word of Berber.
When I fix a thing, it stays fixed.
When I flew to New York, I was told to check in two hours before my flight.
When I focus too much, I tend to forget about breathing.
When I forgot my promise, he got really angry.
When I found Islam, I knew that this was the true religion.
When I found Tom, I could see that he had been crying.
When I found Tom, I could see that he'd been crying.
When I found him, he was mumbling a children's ditty.
When I found my true identity, my life began to make sense.
When I found out I was pregnant, I was scared and didn't know what to do.
When I found out she had died, I immediately thought about her husband.
When I found out that you couldn't make a milkshake just by shaking milk, I knew that English couldn't be trusted.
When I found the restaurant, my friends had already had supper.
When I get a little money I buy books; and if any is left I buy food and clothes.
When I get better, I'll be able to finish the work.
When I get bored, I just contradict my wife.
When I get bored, bad things happen.
When I get drunk, I get verbal diarrhea.
When I get home I'm always like: Clothes? Take them off me! Take them off me!
When I get home I'm going straight to bed.
When I get home, I do my homework first.
When I get home, I think I will do some cleaning.
When I get home, I will buy some olive oil.
When I get home, I'll be too tired to do it.
When I get home, I'm going straight to bed.
When I get home, someone will be cleaning the garage.
When I get home, the first thing I do is my homework.
When I get home, the first thing I do is wash my hands.
When I get my first salary, I will hit the town.
When I get sick of what men do, I have only to walk a few steps in another direction to see what spiders do. Or what the weather does. This sustains me very well indeed.
When I get the milk out of the fridge, I close the fridge door by giving it a shove with my elbow. How do you do it?
When I get through with my work, I'll call you.
When I get through with my work, I’ll call you.
When I get up in the morning, I usually have breakfast in the kitchen.
When I get up tomorrow morning, the sun will be shining and the birds will be singing.
When I get up, the first thing I need to do is stretch.
When I give an order I would like it to be executed!
When I give an order, I expect it to be followed.
When I give food to the poor, they call me a saint. When I ask why the poor have no food, they call me a communist.
When I give the word, start the machine.
When I give you an order, I expect it to be carried out.
When I go on vacation, I'll rent a car.
When I go on vacation, I’ll rent a car.
When I go shopping, I try to buy local products rather than imported ones because it is good for the environment.
When I go to Kabylie, I feel young and excited.
When I go to Paraguay I will stay in Asunción.
When I go to Paris, I stay at my friends' houses.
When I go to see my granddaughter, I always give her a present.
When I go to see my grandson, I always give him a present.
When I go to see my grandson, I always give him something.
When I got back from a three-month trip in Morocco, I found my fridge entirely empty so I went to run some errands to get my fridge fully filled again.
When I got back, I found my car missing.
When I got back, my bag had disappeared without a trace.
When I got better, I went to look at the monster.
When I got here, I didn't know anyone.
When I got home some children were digging holes in my front garden, and when I asked them why, they said that they were searching for a treasure chest.
When I got home that night, I threw up.
When I got home yesterday, I was very tired.
When I got home, I collapsed into bed and immediately fell asleep.
When I got home, I crawled into bed and immediately fell asleep.
When I got home, I found I had lost my wallet.
When I got home, I found your letter waiting for me.
When I got home, I got into bed and fell asleep right away.
When I got home, I had a nice, ice-cold shower.
When I got home, I kissed the ground.
When I got home, I noticed that I had lost my wallet.
When I got home, I noticed that my wallet was missing.
When I got home, I realised I'd lost my money.
When I got home, I realized I had lost my wallet.
When I got home, I realized it was broken.
When I got home, I realized one of my suitcases had disappeared.
When I got home, I realized one of my suitcases was missing.
When I got home, I realized that I had lost my wallet.
When I got home, I realized that one of my suitcases had disappeared.
When I got home, I realized the jeans were damaged.
When I got home, I saw Tom passed out on the floor.
When I got home, I was very hungry.
When I got home, I was very tired.
When I got home, Tom sleeping on the front porch.
When I got home, Tom was already asleep.
When I got home, Tom was asleep in front of the TV.
When I got home, Tom was asleep in front of the television.
When I got home, Tom was asleep on the front porch.
When I got home, Tom was practising piano.
When I got home, it was already nighttime.
When I got home, my mother and father were arguing.
When I got home, my mother and father were fighting.
When I got home, my mother and father were quarreling.
When I got home, there was a little surprise waiting for me.
When I got married, I gave my oath to Fadil.
When I got my driver's license renewed, I had to decide if I wanted to be an organ donor.
When I got off the train, I saw a friend of mine.
When I got out of bed this morning, I had a headache.
When I got out of bed, the sun was already high in the sky.
When I got out of jail, I had no intention of committing another crime.
When I got out of jail, I wanted to patch things up with my wife.
When I got out of jail, I wanted to patch up things with my wife.
When I got out of jail, the first thing I bought was an economy car.
When I got out of jail, the first thing I did was go to a restaurant.
When I got out of jail, the first thing I wanted to do was to eat at my favorite restaurant.
When I got out of prison, I couldn't find a job anywhere near my home since no one would hire an ex-con.
When I got out of prison, I couldn’t find a job anywhere near my home since no one would hire an ex-con.
When I got out of prison, Tom helped me get back on my feet.
When I got out of prison, he helped me get back on my feet.
When I got out of prison, my ex-wife and I got remarried.
When I got out of the car, I felt like I had been here before.
When I got out of the hospital, I found out that I had been placed on medical leave from college.
When I got the phone call telling me of my father's death, I was completely flustered.
When I got the phone call telling me of my father’s death, I was completely flustered.
When I got there, Tom met me at the door.
When I got there, everything had already been sold.
When I got there, the house was on fire.
When I got there, the place was empty.
When I got there, there was no more cake left.
When I got to his house, he had already been taken away.
When I got to school, the race had already finished.
When I got to the airport, there was a strong wind.
When I got to the bus stop, the bus had already left.
When I got to the interview, I was shaking like jelly.
When I got to the office, I had tons of work waiting for me. I was running around like a chicken with its head cut off.
When I got to the school, it was all wrecked and abandoned.
When I got to the station, the train had already gone.
When I got to the supermarket today, a 30-rouble juice box caught my eye.
When I got up this morning, I had a headache.
When I got up this morning, it was raining.
When I got up to go to school, the moon was still visible in the sky.
When I got up today my throat felt a little sore.
When I got up today, my throat felt a little sore.
When I got up, Mike had already left.
When I got up, it was snowing outside.
When I got up, the sun was already high in the sky.
When I got worried and went to check on him, it looked like he'd barricaded himself in the department's toilet and wasn't coming out.
When I got worried and went to check on him, it looked like he’d barricaded himself in the department’s toilet and wasn’t coming out.
When I grow up I want to be a great scientist.
When I grow up I want to be famous.
When I grow up I want to be just like my Dad.
When I grow up I want to be just like you.
When I grow up I will be a teacher, too.
When I grow up I'd like to be a confectioner.
When I grow up, I want to be a French teacher.
When I grow up, I want to be a dentist.
When I grow up, I want to be a doctor.
When I grow up, I want to be a firefighter.
When I grow up, I want to be a fireman.
When I grow up, I want to be a king.
When I grow up, I want to be a pastry chef.
When I grow up, I want to be a pilot. What do you want to be?
When I grow up, I want to be a politician.
When I grow up, I want to be a rich man.
When I grow up, I want to be a teacher.
When I grow up, I want to be a train conductor.
When I grow up, I want to be a unicorn.
When I grow up, I want to be an English teacher.
When I grow up, I want to be exactly like you.
When I grow up, I want to be important.
When I grow up, I want to be just like Tom.
When I grow up, I want to be just like my father.
When I grow up, I want to be just like you.
When I grow up, I want to be king.
When I grow up, I want to be like him.
When I grow up, I want to be like you.
When I grow up, I want to become a politician.
When I grow up, I want to marry Tom.
When I grow up, I want to play basketball.
When I grow up, I want to work as an ice cream taster.
When I grow up, I'll be a pilot. And what will you be?
When I grow up, I'll buy horses for myself like my grandfather.
When I grow up, I'm going to be a pilot. What do you want to be?
When I grow up, I'm going to get married to Tom.
When I grow up, I’ll be a pilot. And what will you be?
When I had five hens, on the average I'd get three eggs a day.
When I had just arrived in Switzerland, I was completely taken aback by the prices.
When I had left, the bottle was half full yet and when I arrived, it was already half empty.
When I had met her in Bucharest, Anca was a student.
When I had only just entered my 20's, my father was admitted to hospital due to a stroke.
When I had surgery on my hip, I had an out-of-body experience.
When I had the symptoms of the flu, it felt as if I had been hit by a truck.
When I had to learn English in school, at times I would bemoan all the irregularities and strange rules.
When I had you, I didn't need anything else.
When I have a cold, I cannot taste anything.
When I have a cold, I sneeze and cough.
When I have a house of my own, I shall be miserable if I have not an excellent library.
When I have a lot on my mind, sometimes I forget to eat.
When I have a panic attack, my best strategy for coping with it is to accept whatever I'm afraid of.
When I have a problem I can't figure out, I ask Tom to help.
When I have a vacation I'll go to the Mediterranean Sea.
When I have finished my homework, I'll go for a swim.
When I have finished my homework, I’ll go for a swim.
When I have finished my lunch, I will lie down for an hour.
When I have finished writing the letter, I will take you to the lake about two miles beyond the hill.
When I have guests coming over for an unexpected little conversation, I always make sure I welcome them into my home in the best possible conditions.
When I have guests who make a sudden appearance in front of my home, I draw them in and tell them to say a little hello and to stay for a little while to make some small talk.
When I have homework to do, my brother always helps me with it.
When I have migraines, aspirin doesn't alleviate the pain for me.
When I have migraines, aspirin doesn’t alleviate the pain for me.
When I have plucked thy rose, I cannot give it vital growth again. It must needs wither.
When I have pluck’d thy rose, I cannot give it vital growth again; it must needs wither. I’ll smell it on the tree.
When I have time I will go to the cinema with my friend.
When I have time for that, I will return to you.
When I have time, I go to the restaurant.
When I have to choose between two evils, then I prefer to take the one that I haven't already tried.
When I have to wait at the doctor's surgery, I usually while away the boredom with a good book.
When I hear her speak Berber, I cringe.
When I hear that song I remember my youth.
When I hear that song, I remember my younger days.
When I hear that song, I think about my hometown.
When I hear that song, I think about the place where I grew up.
When I hear that song, I think about when I was young.
When I hear the Quran recited, I feel like I want to cry.
When I hear the Quran, I feel like I want to cry.
When I hear the news, I get goose bumps. How could there be such a dangerous thing?
When I hear the word "bovine" used to describe a person, I think of great, big eyes, a slow gait, and a quiet nature.
When I hear this song, I associate it with his name.
When I hear this song, I cry.
When I hear this song, I think of Tom.
When I hear this song, I think of her.
When I hear this song, I think of him.
When I hear this song, I think of you, and miss you.
When I hear this, it makes me proud to be Algerian.
When I hear thunder, I get very scared.
When I hear thunder, I'm very scared.
When I hear your voice for only 5 minutes, I am happy afterwards for 23 hours and 55 minutes.
When I heard about it, my jaw dropped.
When I heard he was talking about me to his colleagues, I have to admit that my ego swelled out of all proportion.
When I heard it, I was dumbfounded.
When I heard my teacher's illuminating explanation, it was as though I suddenly saw the light.
When I heard my teacher's illuminating explanation, it was as though a blindfold was stripped from my eyes.
When I heard of his success, I wrote a letter to him.
When I heard that Yanni was dating Skura, I wanted to throw up.
When I heard that she was cured, my heart was full of gratitude.
When I heard that song, it reminded me of my childhood.
When I heard that song, it reminded me of when I was a kid.
When I heard that the soldiers had returned power to the civilians, I was satisfied.
When I heard that voice, it sent shivers down my spine.
When I heard that, I felt like crying.
When I heard that, I put two and two together.
When I heard that, I started to cry.
When I heard that, I was mortified.
When I heard the gunshots I started to shake like a leaf.
When I heard the information on the radio, I became very afraid.
When I heard the intro, I had the feeling it was going to be a legendary song, but as I progressed further in, it felt more and more disappointing.
When I heard the news I was caught with my pants down.
When I heard the news on the radio, a chill ran down my spine.
When I heard the news, I cried.
When I heard the news, I wanted to cry.
When I heard the news, I was overcome by a great sadness.
When I heard the news, I was very surprised.
When I heard the sound of sparrows chirping outside the window, I realised dawn had come.
When I heard what happened, I started crying.
When I heard what my son did, it broke my heart.
When I hold a pen, thoughts emerge.
When I imagined imaginary images I imagined that my imagination imagined all the images, imagine when your imagination imagines images that even you can't imagine.
When I inquired "what is that?" I was told, "go and find out for yourself."
When I inquired I found that it was the wrong person.
When I insert my keys into the lock, I can hear my dog jumping towards the door.
When I invited her to Islam, she flatly rejected it.
When I kill other people, I kill hard.
When I kiss you, I forget the world around us.
When I last saw Tom he was just a babe in arms.
When I last saw Tom, he looked tired.
When I last saw Tom, he was heading towards the beach.
When I last saw Tom, he was on crutches.
When I last saw Tom, he was on his way to the beach.
When I last saw Tom, he was still at school.
When I last saw Tom, he was still at university.
When I last saw Tom, he was wearing a blue shirt and white slacks.
When I last saw her, she looked tired.
When I last saw him, he was wearing a blue shirt and white slacks.
When I leaned over to look at the fish, my phone fell out of my pocket and into the water.
When I leant back, the backrest broke and I slid off the chair.
When I learn a foreign language, writing entries in a journal helps me remember vocabulary.
When I learn a new language, I always encounter similarities with the languages I already know.
When I learn a new language, I learn its obscenities first so I can avoid them.
When I learn a new language, I learn the swearwords first so I can avoid them.
When I learn a new language, I write journal entries in that language with no regard for whether what I'm writing is correct or not; I find this helps me remember the words I'm learning.
When I learned that Julie was coming for a visit tomorrow, I was so surprised I almost fainted.
When I leave here, I'll try not to knock anything down.
When I leave the office, I bring my computer home and continue working.
When I left Queen's my future seemed to stretch out before me like a straight road. I thought I could see along it for many a milestone. Now there is a bend in it. I don't know what lies around the bend, but I'm going to believe that the best does.
When I left Tambunan, the school was open already.
When I left all those people...
When I left home in my younger days, grandpa always told me, "May you have an upwind journey!" It was only when I grew up did I realise that I was the high-flying kite in his eyes.
When I left home, my mother was sleeping.
When I left the house this morning, Tom and Mary were still sleeping.
When I left the house this morning, Tom was still sleeping.
When I left the shopping center, the car wasn't where I had left it.
When I left the train station, I saw a man.
When I left, Tom gave me a very good recommendation.
When I let go of his hand, something inside me knew I would never hold it again.
When I lie down and cover myself, my cat climbs under my blanket.
When I lifted a potted plant in my garden, there were swarms of little insects crawling underneath, and I instinctively let out a shriek.
When I listen to Bach's Goldberg Variations played by Glenn Gould, I wonder if the composer himself also performed with such virtuosity this wonderful musical piece.
When I listened to this song, I broke down in tears.
When I lived in America I played golf with my friends.
When I lived in Boston, I often ate out.
When I lived in Boston, I often ran into Tom.
When I lived in Boston, I rode my bicycle every day.
When I lived in Italy, we would go to a little restaurant near our house.
When I lived in Kabylie, I didn't have a job.
When I lived in Kabylie, I started losing weight.
When I lived in Kabylie, I'd take long walks every day.
When I lived in London, I worked at a bank.
When I lived in London, the garbage truck came around in the afternoon once a week.
When I lived in Rome, I took the subway every day.
When I lived in the countryside, I could see millions of stars at night but I had no one with whom to share their splendor.
When I long for my relatives, I call them.
When I look at 18- and 20-year-olds and see what they want to do, I'm optimistic.
When I look at art all day, afterwards, on my way home, everything looks like a work of art.
When I look at myself in the first grade and I look at myself now, I’m basically the same. The temperament is not that different.
When I look at the stars, I feel like I'm really insignificant compared to the whole universe.
When I look at this photograph, it reminds me of my student years.
When I look back on my life, I realize how much time I wasted.
When I look back on my life, it's kind of sad.
When I look back upon those days, it all seems like a dream.
When I look for something in our loft, I never come back empty-handed, but not with the thing I had hoped to find.
When I look him, I see a standoffish man.
When I look in his eyes, I see my life in pink.
When I look in the mirror I don't see myself.
When I look into the mirror, I see the truest reflection of who I really am: A fluffy, sensitive fox boy.
When I look into your eyes at length, I am sure, I no longer doubt, that love exists, the eyes don't lie, and suddenly everything makes sense.
When I look into your eyes, I see a future filled with happiness and endless possibilities. You are truly my everything.
When I look of this photo I remember my family.
When I look out of my window, I can see a park with a children's playground.
When I look straight ahead, I see well.
When I look to the right and to the left, I see even better.
When I looked about, I found a letter on the desk.
When I looked at her, she looked down.
When I looked at her, she smiled at me.
When I looked at my travel pictures of when I went on a trip alone to Australia, I felt like crying.
When I looked at the explanatory notes under the posts list I realized what was causing it.
When I looked back at Layla, she had a butcher knife.
When I looked him in the eyes I realized he was hiding something from me.
When I looked in a gardening book I was surprised by how many were marked poisonous.
When I looked up at him I found his keen, grey eyes fixed upon me with an amused expression.
When I looked up, I saw a huge spider climbing the wall.
When I looked up, I saw a huge spider crawling up the wall.
When I lost my electric razor, I tried plucking my armpit hair with tweezers, but that was too painful.
When I made my move she slapped me and told me to take a cold shower.
When I make a promise to finish something, I want you to hold me to it. If you don't, I'll likely end up procrastinating.
When I make other people angry, I always feel bad myself, whether it was my fault or not.
When I mentioned I was heading to the riverside pub, having arranged to meet a friend there, Keira invited herself along.
When I met Anka in Bucharest she was studying.
When I met Hanako last Sunday, she said she had returned three days before.
When I met Justin's family, they immediately took me in and warmed up to me very quickly.
When I met Tom, he was dating a girl named Mary.
When I met her the other day she asked of my parents.
When I met her the other day, she asked about my parents.
When I met her, she looked very happy.
When I met her, she offered me her help.
When I met him for the first time, I was surprise by the unexpected question he asked.
When I met him yesterday, he asked me about my wife.
When I met him, I suddenly remembered lending him a large sum of money the previous month.
When I met my former teacher, he inquired after my parents.
When I met the President, all my dreams came true.
When I misread sentences on Tatoeba, I often add my misreading as a new sentence.
When I mock poorness, then Heaven make me poor.
When I moved house, I wrapped everything in newsprint.
When I moved into my new home, I just brought with me the things that I needed for cooking, an earthen rice cooker, an earthenware pot and an earthen charcoal brazier.
When I moved to Australia, I was still in my thirties.
When I moved to Boston, I was still in my thirties.
When I moved to New York, everyone I met treated me like a rube.
When I moved to the United States four years ago, I had problems adapting to a new language and culture.
When I need affection, I come to you.
When I need affection, I turn to you.
When I need help, an angel always comes to my aid.
When I need to solve a problem, I turn to him.
When I needed him most, he turned his back on me.
When I opened my eyes again, all of a sudden an unknown lady was standing right in front of me.
When I opened my eyes this morning, I was already thinking of her.
When I opened my eyes, I realized she was right by my side.
When I opened my eyes, I saw Tom leaning over me.
When I opened my eyes, everyone began to sing "Happy Birthday".
When I opened the box, it was empty.
When I opened the curtains, it was snowing.
When I opened the door of the refrigerator, an apple fell out.
When I opened the door, I broke the lock.
When I opened the door, I found her naked, stretched on the sofa.
When I opened the door, I found him asleep.
When I opened the door, I saw Tom standing on a ladder painting the ceiling.
When I opened the door, I saw that she was sleeping.
When I opened the door, Tom was standing there wearing a suit.
When I opened the fridge door, an apple fell out.
When I opened the refrigerator, I noticed the meat had spoiled.
When I opened the window, I saw children playing baseball.
When I opened the window, it got a bit cooler.
When I opened up the dressing room, there was a lady inside.
When I overdosed, it was the first time I ever uttered the words, "I don't want to die."
When I painted this picture, I was 23 years old.
When I passed by it in a car, I caught a glimpse of the house of a famous actress.
When I pay all my debts, I'll have no money left.
When I pay all my debts, I’ll have no money left.
When I peruse my Social Media, I feel joy looking at the quaint cafés and diners in Japan, the "refresquerías" and "taquerías" in Mexico, and the rustic buffets and homey shopping malls in the Philippines. These things are interesting human activities. But I am thinking of the future. Will machines take over this world? Will the future be something to which people today cannot relate? Will humans become like cats and dogs next to intelligent machinery? After all, today, we humans coexist with cats and dogs. If there will be entities smarter than us humans, how will they relate to us humans? Will our primitive ways coexist with their superfast and higher-level thinking?
When I phone them nobody answers.
When I play peekaboo with my baby, he stops crying immediately.
When I play with my cat, how do I know that she's not entertaining herself with me rather than I with her?
When I play, there are a lot of wrong notes.
When I praised her son she listened very carefully.
When I pressed the button, the bell rang.
When I promised her I would say nothing she kissed me, and I have never seen her since.
When I put 100 yen in and pressed the button to buy a coffee at the vending machine, four cans dropped down all at once!
When I put on this perfume, I feel a little bit more popular.
When I ran into him, I felt like running.
When I re-read my old sentences, I often find something to correct or touch up.
When I reach retirement age in 1998, I will have worked for the college for thirty years.
When I reached her place, she wasn't home.
When I reached the classroom, she was already gone.
When I reached the classroom, she was no longer there.
When I reached the hall right away the person in charge unrelentingly said things like "This painting is certain to increase in value in the future," and I went and signed the contract.
When I reached the hotel, it was already dark.
When I reached the summit, I was thoroughly worn out.
When I read Tom's report card, I was really mad at him.
When I read about the untranslatability of some language, I feel an irresistible urge to go back to my desk and translate another novel.
When I read the list of ingredients, my stomach turned.
When I read this book, I always find something new in it.
When I read, I understand quite a lot, but my listening comprehension is utterly rubbish.
When I realized it was raining, I took my umbrella.
When I realized that it was raining, I took my umbrella.
When I really want something, I work hard for it.
When I really want to learn something, I work hard at it.
When I reflect upon the number of disagreeable people who I know have gone to a better world, I am moved to lead a different life.
When I regained consciousness, I was in the hospital.
When I regained my senses, it seemed that fur had grown on my fingers and knees. When it became slightly brighter, I looked at my reflection in a mountain stream, and I realized that I had become a tiger.
When I retire, I'd like to spend the rest of my life in the country.
When I retire, I’d like to spend the rest of my life in the country.
When I return I want everything to be prepared.
When I return from the mosque where I pray, I like to drink a cup of wine before going to bed.
When I return from vacation, I shall have to catch up with a lot of work.
When I return home at six, I'll put the lounge set together.
When I return in the evening, I'm always very tired.
When I return, we'll talk.
When I return, you shall be spared my wrath.
