They remain, as Mengyu said, "friends who really know each other but don't talk anymore."
They remained Muslim.
They remained calm.
They remained friends their entire lives.
They remained friends.
They remained good friends.
They remained in Algiers.
They remained in Tennessee.
They remained in their rooms all day.
They remained quiet.
They remained silent.
They remained sitting there.
They remained still.
They remained unmarried all their lives.
They remember Rima from high school.
They remember Walid as a boy.
They remember him kindly.
They remember you.
They remembered each other.
They remembered everything that happened.
They remembered him.
They remembered it all.
They remembered me when they met in Tizi Ouzou.
They remembered the man.
They remembered two thousand English words.
They remembered us in their discussion yesterday.
They remembered what happened.
They remembered when he passed through the village.
They remind us of the old days.
They reminded me what happened.
They reminisced about all past events.
They reminisced about him.
They reminisced about his visit to the village.
They reminisced about their favorite childhood books.
They remodeled the old house.
They removed a kidney.
They removed a weight from his heart.
They removed a weight from my heart.
They removed a weight from our hearts.
They removed a weight from your heart.
They removed the branch from the path.
They removed the screws.
They removed their clothes.
They removed their coats.
They removed their disguises.
They removed their glasses.
They removed their gloves.
They removed their goggles.
They removed their helmets.
They removed their jackets.
They removed their socks.
They removed those words from their final statement.
They removed your hope.
They reneged on the agreement.
They renewed their vows on their 25th wedding anniversary.
They renounced their son.
They renovated the entire house.
They renovated their grandmother's house and brought in modern furniture.
They renovated their grandmother’s house and brought in modern furniture.
They renovated their house.
They renovated their houses.
They rent the car by the hour.
They rented a boat for the fishing trip.
They rented a house.
They rented a three-bedroom bungalow in Spain.
They rented an apartment.
They rented the house yesterday.
They rented the room on the second floor to a student.
They rented the upstairs room to a student.
They rented their house for the summer.
They repacked their suitcases.
They repainted the mosque.
They repainted their house.
They repainted their houses.
They repaired a watch.
They repaired the creaky door.
They repaired the house roof.
They repaired their bicycles.
They repaired to their cabin, and solaced themselves with food.
They repared them.
They repeat that so many times on TV that it surely is not true.
They repeated that.
They repeated the eight grade.
They repeated what they'd just said.
They replaced Clay's voice actor with some guy who has a gravelly voice.
They replaced Skura.
They replaced coal with oil.
They replaced everything.
They replaced me with Tom.
They replaced that factory's employees with mechanical arms.
They replaced the broken television with a new one.
They replaced the defective TV with a new one.
They replied that because all 61 beds in the obstetrics/gynaecology department were full, no admissions were possible.
They replied that they'd be glad to go.
They replied they'd be glad to go.
They report that 6 percent of new cases and 35 percent of retreatment cases are drug-resistant to more than one medication.
They reported Tom to the police.
They reported it to the authorities.
They reported seeing a fireball in the sky and hearing a protracted low-frequency sound.
They reported seeing the incident.
They reported that to campus police.
They reported that to the police.
They reported the ship to be ten kilometers from shore.
They reported their car stolen.
They reported their cars stolen.
They reported to Mina.
They reported us to the police.
They reportedly gave the doctor false names.
They represent not only themselves but this institution as well.
They represent their reactionary cosmopolitanism as "internationalism", and they try to cover up their fight against peace and democracy with pacifist and pseudo-democratic phrases.
They requested him to do the job.
They requested the mayor to resign.
They require extra help.
They require me to work harder.
They required me to keep silent.
They required that Tom be punished.
They required us to pass an examination.
They rescue.
They rescued him from danger.
They rescued the boy from drowning.
They rescued the lost dog.
They research cancer.
They resemble each other in all respects.
They resent that.
They resented Mom so much.
They resigned this week.
They resisted the invaders.
They resolved their differences.
They resolved to stop smoking.
They resolved to work harder.
They respect Silya.
They respect Tom.
They respect authority.
They respect each other immensely, despite being different.
They respect everyone who knows them.
They respect her.
They respect him.
They respect one another.
They respect people.
They respect their parents.
They respect their teacher a lot.
They respect their teachers a lot.
They respect you.
They respected each other.
They respected her opinion on the matter.
They responded differently.
They responded quickly to maintain order during the disaster.
They responded quickly to the call for help during the disaster.
They responded quickly to the urgent call for help.
They restrained Tom.
They restrained her.
They restrained him.
They restrained themselves.
They restructure the leadership team.
They restructure the management team.
They resumed paddling.
They resumed their journey.
They resumed walking.
They retained the "u" in the name, which most others, like the captain's descendants, laid aside; as Bonaparte did during his triumphant campaign in Italy, in order to un-Italianise and Frenchify his patronymic Buonaparte.
They retained their Berber surnames.
They retained their Muslim heritage.
They retained their traditional Berber give names.
They retired the affected vehicles.
They retired to the room next door to talk in private.
They retraced the same path.
They retreated.
They return eastward.
They return the books.
They returned fire.
They returned from Algeria.
They returned from their journey.
They returned home.
They returned immediately.
They returned moments later.
They returned the designer clothes.
They returned the fire.
They returned the greeting.
They returned the shirts because they were too small.
They returned them to me.
They returned to Algeria.
They returned to rescue Tom.
They returned to the continent.
They returned to the living room.
They returned to the parking lot.
They returned to their homes.
They returned to their hotel room.
They returned to their hotel rooms.
They returned to their lands.
They returned to their offices.
They returned to their rooms.
They returned to their tent.
They returned to work.
They returned to you what you had given them.
They returned without delay.
They revealed the secret.
They reveled in the success of their sales.
They review bombed the wrong thing.
They review the company's financial health.
They review the company's policies.
They reviled each other.
They revolted against the government.
They rewrote it.
They rewrote their reports.
They ride the bus every day.
They ride their bicycles every day.
They ride their bicycles everywhere.
They ride their bicycles to school.
They ride their bicycles to work.
They rigged the football game.
They rightly judged me as crazy.
They ring the bell at eight.
They ripped open their presents.
They ripped out the old flooring.
They rise above the storm.
They rise from the ashes, unbroken.
They rise in quiet power.
They rise like the phoenix, stronger with each challenge.
They rise like the sun, bringing light to the darkness.
They rise like the sun, steady and sure.
They rise like the sun, steady and unwavering.
They rise like the tide, unstoppable.
They rise like the tide, unwavering and strong.
They rise together, stronger each time.
They rise together, stronger than ever.
They rise with the strength of the mountains.
They rise, never broken.
They rise, not with force, but with quiet determination.
They rise, silent but sure.
They rise, unbroken by the storms of life.
They rise, unbroken by the trials.
They rise, unshaken by storms.
They rise, unshaken by the storms.
They risk drowning.
They risk their lives on their way to school.
They risked everything for this.
They risked their lives for it.
They risked their lives for us.
They risked their lives on the dangerous trip.
They roam the happy fields together now, sometimes he leading, sometimes she; and Orpheus gazes as much as he will upon her, no longer incurring a penalty for a thoughtless glance.
They roamed about the forest.
They roared with laughter.
They roast their own coffee beans.
They roasted marshmallows over a campfire.
They rob, and furthermore cheat each other.
They robbed Jim of everything he had.
They robbed a bank in Paris.
They robbed a jewelry store.
They robbed a stage coach for a fistful of dollars.
They robbed me a few years later.
They robbed me blind.
They robbed me.
They robbed my orchard.
They robbed stores and threatened public safety.
They robbed the bank of some money yesterday.
They robbed the jewelry store during the night.
They robbed the man of all his belongings.
They rode Dad's bike at night.
They rode a Ferris wheel.
They rode a rollercoaster.
They rode a skinny and dirty horse.
They rode across the open plains.
They rode away on their horses.
They rode bicycles in the park.
They rode for some time in silence.
They rode hard through the night.
They rode into the sunset without looking back.
They rode into town just after dark.
They rode into town under the cover of darkness.
They rode their bicycles to school.
They rode their bikes to the pool.
They rode their bikes to the store.
They rode through the storm.
They rode toward the setting sun.
They rode until their horses were tired.
They rode with them to Paris.
They rolled along the big road and they rolled along the little road until they were way out in the country.
They rolled around in the grass.
They rolled the couscous of Mazigh's wedding party.
They rolled their car into a ditch.
They rolled up their sleeves.
They roped off part of the street.
They rose against oppression.
They rose from the dead.
They rose from their chairs.
They rose to their feet.
They rotated the tires on my car.
They rounded up a lot of Muslims in that neighborhood.
They rowed up the river.
They rowed.
They rubbed their eyes.
They rubbed their feet.
They rubbed their sore feet.
They ruined Mina.
They ruined each other by being together.
They ruined everything in Mom's life.
They ruined everything.
They ruined his life with their approach.
They ruined it.
They ruined me.
They ruined my life.
They ruined the band.
They ruined the lunch.
They ruined the moment.
They ruined the whole thing.
They ruined their clothes.
They ruined their clothing.
They rule themselves.
They run a ferry service across the river.
They run a small business just outside Leeds.
They run every day.
They run fast and they never get tired.
They run like pigs from a gun.
They run one behind the other.
They run the restaurant.
They run the university with a view to making a lot of money.
They run to amizur.
They run.
They rushed Tom to the emergency room.
They rushed Ziri out of there.
They rushed an ambulance on the said spot to help out with the damage.
They rushed away.
They rushed inside.
They rushed into the train.
They rushed into their offices.
They rushed out into the arena.
They rushed out of the room.
They rushed out of their offices.
They rushed out of their rooms.
They rushed outside.
They rushed the bill through.
They rushed the woman to the hospital after she ate a lightbulb.
They rushed through their work.
They rushed to his aid.
They rushed to the ottoman border.
They rushed to the scene of the traffic accident.
They rushed towards their mother.
They rushed towards us.
They rushed tumultuously into the house of entertainment, where they revelled till a late hour.
They sabotaged my effort to make our class enjoyable.
They sabotaged the elevator.
They sack Troy engulfed in flames.
They sacrificed a sheep.
They sacrificed forbidden swine, and put to death all who refused to eat.
They sacrificed their health for the orphans.
They sacrificed their lives for the country.
They sacrificed their lives for us.
They sacrificed themselves for Tom.
They sacrificed themselves for the cause.
They sacrificed themselves for the people.
They sacrificed themselves for their mother.
They sacrificed this goat in devotion to God.
They said Anderson and his men must leave the fort.
They said I can ride with them.
They said I could leave.
They said I couldn't work if I'm sick.
They said I was their best worker.
They said I was too attached to money.
They said I was under arrest for killing Tom's horse.
They said I wasn't qualified for the job.
They said I would never walk again, and I really have to commend them for their spot-on diagnosis.
They said I'm overqualified for that job.
They said Mary was dead.
They said Mary was happy.
They said Mary was tired.
They said Mr. Wilson's condition had not changed.
They said Mr. Wilson’s condition had not changed.
They said Reagan seemed calm and thoughtful.
They said a lot of bad things about me.
They said all that didn't bother them.
They said changes were coming.
They said everybody they know can swim.
They said everyone they know can swim.
They said goodbye to each other.
They said goodbye to their families.
They said goodbye to their friends.
They said goodbye. Sami rode away on a camel, Tom on a horse.
They said goodnight to their parents.
They said he had a weak form of smallpox.
They said he had acted shamefully.
They said he was still weak from a recent sickness.
They said he was the best writer in the group.
They said he was too friendly with conservatives.
They said he would have been ill.
They said he would never come back.
They said he would not pay people the money he owed them.
They said he's very rich.
They said hello to Sophie.
They said his army was not strong enough to attack.
They said humanity needs to rebuild the Tower of Babel, I have no comment on this.
They said in the weather forecast that there would be a storm tomorrow.
They said inspections should be increased.
They said it belonged to them.
They said it couldn't be done, but look at us now.
They said it couldn't be done.
They said it didn't bother them.
They said it on telly.
They said it was a clear violation of international law.
They said it was a rush job.
They said it was a very reliable tip.
They said it was all right.
They said it was an accident.
They said it was bad.
They said it was creepy.
They said it was exactly what the president wanted.
They said it was fine.
They said it was important.
They said it was ok to go.
They said it was their fault.
They said it was them who did that.
They said it was urgent.
They said it wasn't them who did that.
They said it would be ready on time.
They said it would be seen as a sign of weakness.
They said it would lead to civil war.
They said it would make his blood pressure go up.
They said it would never work.
They said it's OK.
They said it's incurable.
They said it.
They said more than they should've.
They said more than they'd intended.
They said more than they'd planned to.
They said moreover unto Pharaoh, For to sojourn in the land are we come; for thy servants have no pasture for their flocks; for the famine is sore in the land of Canaan: now therefore, we pray thee, let thy servants dwell in the land of Goshen.
They said my rectum was OK and that there was no permanent damage.
They said no one else could help them.
They said no.
They said nobody could help them.
They said nobody else could help them.
They said not to worry about them.
They said nothing to us.
They said nothing.
They said on the newspaper that she's dead.
They said on the radio that it would be cold tomorrow.
They said on the radio that it'll be hot tomorrow.
They said our friendship wasn't real.
They said she heard voices.
They said she would enter a convent.
They said so, but she thought to the contrary.
They said something about it, but I couldn't really understand them.
They said something terrible had happened to Mary.
They said something to the effect of â€˜I’m going in the same direction so, I’ll call a taxi and then why don’t you ride with me?’
They said something to the effect of ‘I’m going in the same direction so, I’ll call a taxi and then why don’t you ride with me?’
They said something.
They said storage costs were too high.
They said such a policy would lead to smuggling.
They said such mean things about me.
They said supplementing peoples’ diets with vitamin A may be a powerful tool for preventing TB.
They said that Clairo's first live concert was horrible.
They said that I am an old lady.
They said that I can ride with them.
They said that concerned them.
They said that contact with the plane had been lost.
They said that didn't bother them.
They said that didn't concern them.
They said that doesn't concern them.
They said that everybody they know can swim.
They said that everyone they know can swim.
They said that he was a talkative, noisy Oriental.
They said that his attitude was embarrassing.
They said that his claim was false.
They said that isn't what they wanted.
They said that it belonged to them.
They said that it didn't bother them.
They said that it is a unique opportunity.
They said that it was all right.
They said that it was fine.
They said that it was important.
They said that it was their fault.
They said that it was them who did that.
They said that it was urgent.
They said that it wasn't them who did that.
They said that laughing makes people live longer.
They said that no one could help them.
They said that nobody could help them.
They said that scientists are smart, but not wise.
They said that that was their favorite store.
They said that that was what they wanted to do.
They said that that wasn't their problem.
They said that the Aurassi Hotel was sinking.
They said that the decision was theirs.
They said that the delay to our flight was due to abnormal bad weather conditions.
They said that the earthquake woke them up.
They said that the explosion woke them up.
They said that the gunshots woke them up.
They said that the heat bothered them.
They said that the old woman was in fact a sorceress.
They said that their backs were sore.
They said that their bus was late.
They said that their efforts paid off.
They said that their goals haven't changed.
They said that their hands were cold.
They said that their house was locked.
They said that their house wasn't damaged.
They said that their house wasn't for sale.
They said that their house wasn't locked.
They said that their houses were locked.
They said that their houses weren't damaged.
They said that their houses weren't for sale.
They said that their houses weren't locked.
They said that their jobs were tough.
They said that their licenses had been suspended.
They said that their schedule has changed.
They said that their schedule would change.
They said that their schedules had changed.
They said that their schedules would change.
They said that their stomachs still hurt.
They said that their team would win.
They said that there are green and scaly merfolk in the sea here.
They said that there was nothing they could do.
They said that these books were stolen from a library.
They said that they acted in self-defense.
They said that they agreed to do that.
They said that they agreed.
They said that they almost didn't do that.
They said that they already did that.
They said that they appreciated that.
They said that they appreciated the help.
They said that they aren't able to do that.
They said that they aren't angry.
They said that they aren't busy.
They said that they aren't buying it.
They said that they aren't going anywhere.
They said that they aren't going ashore.
They said that they aren't going to do that.
They said that they aren't going to help us.
They said that they aren't happy.
They said that they aren't having any fun.
They said that they aren't hungry.
They said that they aren't in any hurry.
They said that they aren't likely to cry.
They said that they aren't likely to do that.
They said that they aren't likely to win.
They said that they aren't mad.
They said that they aren't making much money.
They said that they aren't planning on going.
They said that they aren't planning to go.
They said that they aren't ready to go.
They said that they aren't ready to leave.
They said that they aren't sick.
They said that they aren't sleepy yet.
They said that they aren't sleepy.
They said that they aren't sure.
They said that they aren't thirsty.
They said that they aren't thirty yet.
They said that they aren't tired.
They said that they aren't upset.
They said that they aren't worried.
They said that they ate too much.
They said that they ate way too much.
They said that they believed in ghosts.
They said that they believed that.
They said that they believed they could win.
They said that they bought that for you.
They said that they called the police.
They said that they can get us what we need.
They said that they can handle it.
They said that they can't do that.
They said that they can't sing very well.
They said that they can't speak French.
They said that they can't wait any longer.
They said that they considered doing that.
They said that they could come get it.
They said that they could do it.
They said that they could do nothing.
They said that they could do that today.
They said that they could do that.
They said that they could fix it.
They said that they could handle it.
They said that they could help us do that.
They said that they could help us today.
They said that they could help us.
They said that they could probably do that.
They said that they could probably win.
They said that they could see ghosts.
They said that they could swim well.
They said that they could take it.
They said that they could've done that.
They said that they couldn't accept the job.
They said that they couldn't believe anybody.
They said that they couldn't believe anyone.
They said that they couldn't believe it.
They said that they couldn't breathe.
They said that they couldn't do anything.
They said that they couldn't do it.
They said that they couldn't do that again.
They said that they couldn't do that today.
They said that they couldn't do that.
They said that they couldn't elaborate.
They said that they couldn't hear anything.
They said that they couldn't help me.
They said that they couldn't help us today.
They said that they couldn't recall.
They said that they couldn't speak French.
They said that they couldn't swim well.
They said that they couldn't swim.
They said that they couldn't wait.
They said that they couldn't walk.
They said that they cried all night.
They said that they cried every day.
They said that they cried.
They said that they did it the wrong way.
They said that they did it wrong.
They said that they did just that.
They said that they did nothing illegal.
They said that they did nothing wrong.
They said that they did that already.
They said that they did that for us.
They said that they did that for you.
They said that they did that in 2013.
They said that they did that on Monday.
They said that they did that the wrong way.
They said that they did that three times.
They said that they did that wrong.
They said that they did that.
They said that they didn't agree with you.
They said that they didn't agree.
They said that they didn't believe it.
They said that they didn't believe that.
They said that they didn't care what I did.
They said that they didn't care what I do.
They said that they didn't care what happened.
They said that they didn't care.
They said that they didn't cry.
They said that they didn't do it.
They said that they didn't do that anymore.
They said that they didn't do that.
They said that they didn't drink coffee.
They said that they didn't drink wine.
They said that they didn't eat meat anymore.
They said that they didn't eat meat.
They said that they didn't eat pork.
They said that they didn't enjoy doing that.
They said that they didn't feel anything.
They said that they didn't feel cold.
They said that they didn't feel hot.
They said that they didn't feel hungry.
They said that they didn't feel like eating.
They said that they didn't feel like going.
They said that they didn't feel safe.
They said that they didn't feel threatened.
They said that they didn't feel tired.
They said that they didn't feel well today.
They said that they didn't feel well.
They said that they didn't find it funny.
They said that they didn't get it.
They said that they didn't have a car.
They said that they didn't have a dog.
They said that they didn't have a plan.
They said that they didn't have an office.
They said that they didn't have any money.
They said that they didn't have any regrets.
They said that they didn't have cars.
They said that they didn't have enough time.
They said that they didn't have insurance.
They said that they didn't have jobs.
They said that they didn't have offices.
They said that they didn't have to do that.
They said that they didn't hunt anymore.
They said that they didn't intend to stay.
They said that they didn't know French.
They said that they didn't know any French.
They said that they didn't know any better.
They said that they didn't know anybody here.
They said that they didn't know anyone here.
They said that they didn't know how to swim.
They said that they didn't know the answer.
They said that they didn't know the rules.
They said that they didn't know this.
They said that they didn't know what to do.
They said that they didn't know where to go.
They said that they didn't know why.
They said that they didn't know you.
They said that they didn't know.
They said that they didn't like baseball.
They said that they didn't like beer.
They said that they didn't like cats.
They said that they didn't like dogs.
They said that they didn't like doing that.
They said that they didn't like their new jobs.
They said that they didn't like this.
They said that they didn't like to do that.
They said that they didn't mean to hit me.
They said that they didn't mean to hurt you.
They said that they didn't mind doing that.
They said that they didn't mind waiting.
They said that they didn't mind walking.
They said that they didn't mind.
They said that they didn't need anything.
They said that they didn't need money.
They said that they didn't need our help.
They said that they didn't need to do that.
They said that they didn't need to hurry.
They said that they didn't plan on going together.
They said that they didn't plan on going.
They said that they didn't plan to be there.
They said that they didn't plan to do that.
They said that they didn't plan to go.
They said that they didn't play baseball.
They said that they didn't remember much.
They said that they didn't remember my name.
They said that they didn't see anybody else.
They said that they didn't see anyone else.
They said that they didn't see anything.
They said that they didn't smoke anymore.
They said that they didn't smoke.
They said that they didn't speak French.
They said that they didn't study French.
They said that they didn't swim.
They said that they didn't think they'd win.
They said that they didn't wait very long.
They said that they didn't want anything.
They said that they didn't want me to go.
They said that they didn't want me to sing.
They said that they didn't want me to wait.
They said that they didn't want me to win.
They said that they didn't want me to worry.
They said that they didn't want this.
They said that they didn't want to argue.
They said that they didn't want to dance together.
They said that they didn't want to dance.
They said that they didn't want to die.
They said that they didn't want to do that.
They said that they didn't want to do this.
They said that they didn't want to eat now.
They said that they didn't want to fight.
They said that they didn't want to go.
They said that they didn't want to help us.
They said that they didn't want to leave.
They said that they didn't want to retire.
They said that they didn't want to sing.
They said that they didn't want to sleep.
They said that they didn't want to talk.
They said that they didn't want to watch TV.
They said that they didn't want to worry me.
They said that they didn't want you here.
They said that they didn't win.
They said that they didn't work on Mondays.
They said that they disagree.
They said that they disagreed with each other.
They said that they disagreed.
They said that they don't care at all.
They said that they don't care.
They said that they don't do that anymore.
They said that they don't do that.
They said that they don't eat meat.
They said that they don't eat pork.
They said that they don't feel well.
They said that they don't hunt anymore.
They said that they don't know what to do.
They said that they don't know.
They said that they don't like doing that.
They said that they don't like to do that.
They said that they don't mind doing that.
They said that they don't plan on going.
They said that they don't plan to do that.
They said that they don't plan to go.
They said that they don't smoke anymore.
They said that they don't want this.
They said that they don't want to do that.
They said that they don't want to retire.
They said that they don't work on Mondays.
They said that they enjoy doing that.
They said that they enjoy studying French.
They said that they enjoy teaching French.
They said that they enjoyed being here.
They said that they enjoyed doing that.
They said that they enjoyed it.
They said that they enjoyed the challenge.
They said that they enjoyed the concert.
They said that they enjoyed the food.
They said that they enjoyed the party.
They said that they enjoyed the show.
They said that they enjoyed the view.
They said that they felt a bit nervous.
They said that they felt a bit tired.
They said that they felt a bit woozy.
They said that they felt alone.
They said that they felt amazing.
They said that they felt at home.
They said that they felt awkward.
They said that they felt bad about that.
They said that they felt bad.
They said that they felt betrayed.
They said that they felt better.
They said that they felt cheated.
They said that they felt cold.
They said that they felt comfortable.
They said that they felt compelled to speak.
They said that they felt confused.
They said that they felt desperate.
They said that they felt disappointed.
They said that they felt dizzy and nauseous.
They said that they felt dizzy.
They said that they felt embarrassed.
They said that they felt excluded.
They said that they felt extremely guilty.
They said that they felt fantastic.
They said that they felt fine.
They said that they felt foolish.
They said that they felt frustrated.
They said that they felt good about that.
They said that they felt good.
They said that they felt great.
They said that they felt guilty.
They said that they felt happy.
They said that they felt hated.
They said that they felt helpless.
They said that they felt homesick.
They said that they felt hot.
They said that they felt humiliated.
They said that they felt hungry.
They said that they felt hurt.
They said that they felt intimidated.
They said that they felt invincible.
They said that they felt left out.
They said that they felt lightheaded.
They said that they felt like crying.
They said that they felt like dancing.
They said that they felt like doing that.
They said that they felt like eating steak.
They said that they felt like getting drunk.
They said that they felt like giving up.
They said that they felt like outcasts.
They said that they felt lonely.
They said that they felt lucky.
They said that they felt manipulated.
They said that they felt much happier now.
They said that they felt nauseous.
They said that they felt neglected.
They said that they felt nervous.
They said that they felt no pressure to win.
They said that they felt no pressure.
They said that they felt nothing.
They said that they felt obligated to help.
They said that they felt offended.
They said that they felt overwhelmed.
They said that they felt persecuted.
They said that they felt powerless.
They said that they felt quite threatened.
They said that they felt reassured.
They said that they felt rejected.
They said that they felt relieved.
They said that they felt repulsed.
They said that they felt responsible.
They said that they felt safe.
They said that they felt scared.
They said that they felt seasick.
They said that they felt sick.
They said that they felt snubbed.
They said that they felt strong.
They said that they felt tempted to do that.
They said that they felt terrible.
They said that they felt terrific.
They said that they felt the same way.
They said that they felt the same.
They said that they felt they had to do that.
They said that they felt threatened.
They said that they felt tired.
They said that they felt trapped.
They said that they felt uncomfortable.
They said that they felt uneasy.
They said that they felt utterly humiliated.
They said that they felt very confident.
They said that they felt very guilty.
They said that they felt very happy.
They said that they felt very humiliated.
They said that they felt very lonely.
They said that they felt very nervous.
They said that they felt very sleepy.
They said that they felt very tired.
They said that they felt vulnerable.
They said that they felt weak.
They said that they felt wonderful.
They said that they felt woozy.
They said that they felt wronged.
They said that they figured I could do that.
They said that they figured I could win.
They said that they figured they could win.
They said that they forgot something.
They said that they found doing that hard.
They said that they found something strange.
They said that they found something.
They said that they found their keys.
They said that they freaked out.
They said that they got back home on Monday.
They said that they got out of the way.
They said that they had a good weekend.
They said that they had a hard day.
They said that they had a job for me.
They said that they had a plan.
They said that they had alibis.
They said that they had been in Mexico for five years.
They said that they had better things to do.
They said that they had colds.
They said that they had contracts.
They said that they had found their keys.
They said that they had fully recovered.
They said that they had fun doing that.
They said that they had headaches.
They said that they had lots of money.
They said that they had never hurt anybody.
They said that they had never hurt anyone.
They said that they had no money.
They said that they had no more details.
They said that they had no other choice.
They said that they had no other details.
They said that they had no plans to do that.
They said that they had no reason to stay.
They said that they had no regrets.
They said that they had no vices.
They said that they had nothing else to do.
They said that they had nothing to hide.
They said that they had nowhere to go.
They said that they had quit doing that.
They said that they had something for you.
They said that they had somewhere to go.
They said that they had the day off.
They said that they had three dogs at home.
They said that they had to call the police.
They said that they had to do that.
They said that they had to go home early.
They said that they had to go somewhere.
They said that they had to go.
They said that they had to leave early.
They said that they had to leave.
They said that they had to split.
They said that they had to stay home.
They said that they had to talk to me.
They said that they had to walk home.
They said that they had to work late.
They said that they had to work on Saturday.
They said that they had to work.
They said that they had trouble doing that.
They said that they hadn't done it.
They said that they hated me.
They said that they hated this book.
They said that they have nothing to hide.
They said that they have to call the police.
They said that they have to do that.
They said that they have to get more sleep.
They said that they have to go.
They said that they haven't done that yet.
They said that they haven't done that.
They said that they haven't studied French.
They said that they haven't yet done that.
They said that they heard an explosion.
They said that they heard gunshots.
They said that they heard somebody singing.
They said that they heard somebody snoring.
They said that they heard somebody yelling.
They said that they heard someone screaming.
They said that they heard someone singing.
They said that they heard someone snoring.
They said that they heard someone yelling.
They said that they heard the gunshots.
They said that they heard three shots fired.
They said that they heard three shots.
They said that they hope it'll happen soon.
They said that they hope that that'll happen soon.
They said that they hope that'll happen soon.
They said that they hope to change that.
They said that they hope you can do that.
They said that they hope you won't be late.
They said that they hope you won't do that.
They said that they hope you'll do that.
They said that they hoped they could do that.
They said that they hoped they won the race.
They said that they hurt all over.
They said that they intend to do that.
They said that they intend to win.
They said that they intended to do that.
They said that they intended to go shopping.
They said that they intended to win.
They said that they jumped out of the way.
They said that they just couldn't do that.
They said that they just needed more time.
They said that they just wanted to be loved.
They said that they kept doing that.
They said that they knew I was coming.
They said that they knew how I felt.
They said that they knew how to do that.
They said that they knew how to win.
They said that they knew it was time to go.
They said that they knew that I was coming.
They said that they knew that I would come.
They said that they knew that they could win.
They said that they knew that you could win.
They said that they knew the area well.
They said that they knew the rules.
They said that they knew they could do that.
They said that they knew they could win.
They said that they knew they wouldn't win.
They said that they knew this would happen.
They said that they knew what that was like.
They said that they knew what to do.
They said that they knew what was going on.
They said that they knew who did it.
They said that they knew who did that.
They said that they knew who won.
They said that they knew you could do that.
They said that they knew you could win.
They said that they knew you couldn't win.
They said that they knew you wouldn't win.
They said that they knew you.
They said that they know the rules.
They said that they know they can't win.
They said that they learned something new.
They said that they left their keys at home.
They said that they like doing that.
They said that they like good wine.
They said that they like pizza.
They said that they like speaking French.
They said that they like studying French.
They said that they like swimming.
They said that they like teaching French.
They said that they like the idea.
They said that they like the sound of that.
They said that they like this time of year.
They said that they like to do that.
They said that they like to help others.
They said that they like to ski, too.
They said that they like to swim.
They said that they liked doing that.
They said that they liked good wine.
They said that they liked it.
They said that they liked me.
They said that they liked my hair.
They said that they liked my idea.
They said that they liked pizza.
They said that they liked rain.
They said that they liked skiing.
They said that they liked snow.
They said that they liked speaking French.
They said that they liked studying French.
They said that they liked swimming.
They said that they liked teaching French.
They said that they liked the idea.
They said that they liked the movie.
They said that they liked the new carpet.
They said that they liked the party.
They said that they liked to do that.
They said that they lost their key.
They said that they lost their temper.
They said that they love that kind of work.
They said that they loved animals.
They said that they loved baseball.
They said that they loved chocolate.
They said that they loved me, too.
They said that they loved me.
They said that they may agree to do that.
They said that they may do that.
They said that they may not do that.
They said that they may not win.
They said that they may possibly do that.
They said that they may wait.
They said that they might agree to do that.
They said that they might be able to help.
They said that they might cry.
They said that they might die.
They said that they might do that.
They said that they might never come back.
They said that they might not do that.
They said that they might not win.
They said that they might possibly do that.
They said that they might possibly win.
They said that they might retire.
They said that they might win.
They said that they need to do that.
They said that they need to get more sleep.
They said that they need to get some air.
They said that they need to go shopping.
They said that they need to study French.
They said that they needed a change.
They said that they needed a favor.
They said that they needed a loan.
They said that they needed a rest.
They said that they needed money.
They said that they needed more money.
They said that they needed more time.
They said that they needed my help.
They said that they needed one of us there.
They said that they needed our help.
They said that they needed some cash.
They said that they needed some money.
They said that they needed some more time.
They said that they needed the money.
They said that they needed to do that soon.
They said that they needed to do that today.
They said that they needed to do that.
They said that they needed to get some air.
They said that they needed to stay at home.
They said that they needed to stay home.
They said that they needed to study French.
They said that they never agreed to do that.
They said that they never did that.
They said that they never felt tired.
They said that they never said that.
They said that they never wanted to do that.
They said that they noticed the same thing.
They said that they now regret doing that.
They said that they only did that once.
They said that they ought to do that.
They said that they paid $300 in advance.
They said that they paid income taxes.
They said that they plan on doing that.
They said that they plan on going Monday.
They said that they plan on going.
They said that they plan to do that Monday.
They said that they plan to do that.
They said that they plan to go Monday.
They said that they plan to go on Monday.
They said that they plan to go.
They said that they plan to study French.
They said that they planned on doing that.
They said that they planned on going Monday.
They said that they planned on going.
They said that they planned to do that.
They said that they planned to go Monday.
They said that they planned to go on Monday.
They said that they planned to go.
They said that they prefer to stay at home.
They said that they prefers red wine.
They said that they probably won't do that.
They said that they probably won't win.
They said that they probably wouldn't cry.
They said that they probably wouldn't win.
They said that they quit their jobs.
They said that they really did do that.
They said that they regret doing that.
They said that they regret not doing that.
They said that they regretted doing that.
They said that they remember being there.
They said that they remember doing that.
They said that they remembered being there.
They said that they remembered doing that.
They said that they saw nothing.
They said that they saw something scary.
They said that they should do that.
They said that they should go.
They said that they should've done that.
They said that they should've left earlier.
They said that they should've left early.
They said that they shouldn't do that.
They said that they slept well last night.
They said that they snored.
They said that they spoke French last week.
They said that they spoke French.
They said that they studied French.
They said that they think it's impossible.
They said that they think it's possible.
They said that they think that they can win.
They said that they think they can do that.
They said that they think they can win.
They said that they think they won't do that.
They said that they think they won't win.
They said that they think we can win.
They said that they think we could do that.
They said that they think you're stupid.
They said that they thought I looked bored.
They said that they thought I looked fit.
They said that they thought I looked happy.
They said that they thought I looked hungry.
They said that they thought I looked lonely.
They said that they thought I looked sad.
They said that they thought I might not win.
They said that they thought I might win.
They said that they thought I was creative.
They said that they thought I was cute.
They said that they thought I was dead.
They said that they thought I was funny.
They said that they thought I was insincere.
They said that they thought I was lazy.
They said that they thought I was lying.
They said that they thought I was witty.
They said that they thought I'm charming.
They said that they thought that I was dead.
They said that they thought that I was lazy.
They said that they thought that you'd win.
They said that they thought they could win.
They said that they thought they couldn't win.
They said that they thought we could win.
They said that they thought you'd win.
They said that they told you.
They said that they tried to be optimistic.
They said that they tried to do that once.
They said that they tried to do that.
They said that they tried to win.
They said that they tried very hard to win.
They said that they understand our concern.
They said that they understood French.
They said that they understood.
They said that they walked home yesterday.
They said that they walked home.
They said that they want more details.
They said that they want to be your friend.
They said that they want to change that.
They said that they want to die.
They said that they want to do that.
They said that they want to go.
They said that they want to join our band.
They said that they want to meet you.
They said that they want to retire.
They said that they want to sell their house.
They said that they want to study French.
They said that they want to talk to you.
They said that they want to win.
They said that they wanted a lawyer.
They said that they wanted a new car.
They said that they wanted answers.
They said that they wanted go swimming.
They said that they wanted good jobs.
They said that they wanted ice cream.
They said that they wanted lawyers.
They said that they wanted me to stop.
They said that they wanted my help.
They said that they wanted new cars.
They said that they wanted raises.
They said that they wanted revenge.
They said that they wanted to be early.
They said that they wanted to be here.
They said that they wanted to cry.
They said that they wanted to die.
They said that they wanted to do more.
They said that they wanted to do that.
They said that they wanted to do this.
They said that they wanted to go home.
They said that they wanted to go.
They said that they wanted to help us.
They said that they wanted to help.
They said that they wanted to leave.
They said that they wanted to meet you.
They said that they wanted to play.
They said that they wanted to retire.
They said that they wanted to talk.
They said that they wanted to win.
They said that they wanted to wrestle.
They said that they went swimming yesterday.
They said that they were Canadian.
They said that they were Canadians.
They said that they were OK.
They said that they were a bit tired.
They said that they were a little tired.
They said that they were adopted.
They said that they were afraid to fly.
They said that they were afraid.
They said that they were all alone.
They said that they were all worn out.
They said that they were alone.
They said that they were ambidextrous.
They said that they were amused.
They said that they were angry.
They said that they were annoyed.
They said that they were appreciative.
They said that they were artists.
They said that they were ashamed.
They said that they were asked to help.
They said that they were asked to leave.
They said that they were at home.
They said that they were at school.
They said that they were baffled.
They said that they were betrayed.
They said that they were bored.
They said that they were broke.
They said that they were busy.
They said that they were claustrophobic.
They said that they were cold.
They said that they were colorblind.
They said that they were comfortable.
They said that they were coming back.
They said that they were concerned.
They said that they were confused.
They said that they were conservative.
They said that they were curious.
They said that they were depressed.
They said that they were desperate.
They said that they were disappointed.
They said that they were discontented.
They said that they were discouraged.
They said that they were disoriented.
They said that they were displeased.
They said that they were dissatisfied with their low wages.
They said that they were divorced.
They said that they were dog-tired.
They said that they were doing fine.
They said that they were doing that now.
They said that they were done, too.
They said that they were done.
They said that they were drunk.
They said that they were dubious.
They said that they were dying.
They said that they were eating.
They said that they were embarrassed.
They said that they were excited.
They said that they were exhausted.
They said that they were famished.
They said that they were feeling bad.
They said that they were feeling fine.
They said that they were feeling great.
They said that they were feeling hungry.
They said that they were feeling tired.
They said that they were fine.
They said that they were finished.
They said that they were free.
They said that they were frightened.
They said that they were frustrated.
They said that they were full.
They said that they were furious.
They said that they were getting antsy.
They said that they were getting drowsy.
They said that they were getting hungry.
They said that they were getting sleepy.
They said that they were getting tired.
They said that they were glad to help.
They said that they were going hunting.
They said that they were going to die.
They said that they were going to help.
They said that they were going to quit.
They said that they were going to win.
They said that they were going to work.
They said that they were good at French.
They said that they were grateful.
They said that they were happy here.
They said that they were having fun.
They said that they were healthy.
They said that they were heartbroken.
They said that they were here to stay.
They said that they were homeless.
They said that they were homesick.
They said that they were hurt.
They said that they were impressed.
They said that they were in a hurry.
They said that they were innocent.
They said that they were interested.
They said that they were intoxicated.
They said that they were intrigued.
They said that they were irritated.
They said that they were jealous.
They said that they were lonely.
They said that they were lucky.
They said that they were mad.
They said that they were married.
They said that they were miserable.
They said that they were mistaken.
They said that they were mortified.
They said that they were naked.
They said that they were nervous.
They said that they were new students.
They said that they were next.
They said that they were no different.
They said that they were offended.
They said that they were optimistic.
They said that they were over thirty.
They said that they were overwhelmed.
They said that they were pessimistic.
They said that they were pleased.
They said that they were poor.
They said that they were prepared.
They said that they were psyched.
They said that they were psychic.
They said that they were puzzled.
They said that they were quite busy.
They said that they were ready to go.
They said that they were ready to help.
They said that they were ready to leave.
They said that they were ready to talk.
They said that they were ready.
They said that they were really afraid.
They said that they were really angry.
They said that they were really bored.
They said that they were really broke.
They said that they were really busy.
They said that they were really cold.
They said that they were really curious.
They said that they were really drunk.
They said that they were really happy.
They said that they were really hungry.
They said that they were really jealous.
They said that they were really lonely.
They said that they were really lucky.
They said that they were really mad.
They said that they were really nervous.
They said that they were really poor.
They said that they were really rich.
They said that they were really scared.
They said that they were really sick.
They said that they were really sleepy.
They said that they were really sorry.
They said that they were really thirsty.
They said that they were really tired.
They said that they were really unhappy.
They said that they were really unlucky.
They said that they were really upset.
They said that they were really worried.
They said that they were relaxed.
They said that they were relieved.
They said that they were retired.
They said that they were retiring.
They said that they were rich.
They said that they were sad.
They said that they were safe.
They said that they were satisfied.
They said that they were scared.
They said that they were serious.
They said that they were shocked.
They said that they were sick.
They said that they were single.
They said that they were skeptical.
They said that they were sleepy.
They said that they were so sorry.
They said that they were sorry.
They said that they were starved.
They said that they were starving.
They said that they were still afraid.
They said that they were strong.
They said that they were stunned.
They said that they were supportive.
They said that they were surprised.
They said that they were suspicious.
They said that they were sympathetic.
They said that they were terrified.
They said that they were thirsty.
They said that they were thirty.
They said that they were thrilled.
They said that they were ticklish.
They said that they were tired.
They said that they were troubled.
They said that they were unable to win.
They said that they were unafraid.
They said that they were unbiased.
They said that they were uncomfortable.
They said that they were unconcerned.
They said that they were unconvinced.
They said that they were unemployed.
They said that they were unhappy.
They said that they were unhurt.
They said that they were unimpressed.
They said that they were unlucky.
They said that they were unmarried.
They said that they were upset.
They said that they were very amused.
They said that they were very angry.
They said that they were very bored.
They said that they were very broke.
They said that they were very busy.
They said that they were very cold.
They said that they were very concerned.
They said that they were very confident.
They said that they were very confused.
They said that they were very curious.
They said that they were very drunk.
They said that they were very excited.
They said that they were very grateful.
They said that they were very hungry.
They said that they were very impressed.
They said that they were very intrigued.
They said that they were very irritated.
They said that they were very jealous.
They said that they were very lonely.
They said that they were very lucky.
They said that they were very mad.
They said that they were very nervous.
They said that they were very poor.
They said that they were very rich.
They said that they were very sad.
They said that they were very satisfied.
They said that they were very scared.
They said that they were very serious.
They said that they were very shocked.
They said that they were very sick.
They said that they were very skeptical.
They said that they were very sleepy.
They said that they were very sorry.
They said that they were very surprised.
They said that they were very thirsty.
They said that they were very ticklish.
They said that they were very tired.
They said that they were very unhappy.
They said that they were very unlucky.
They said that they were very upset.
They said that they were very worried.
They said that they were well.
They said that they were worn out.
They said that they were worried.
They said that they were wounded.
They said that they were wrong.
They said that they weren't Canadian.
They said that they weren't Canadians.
They said that they weren't Christians.
They said that they weren't able to do that.
They said that they weren't able to win.
They said that they weren't adopted.
They said that they weren't afraid anymore.
They said that they weren't afraid of anybody.
They said that they weren't afraid of anyone.
They said that they weren't afraid of snakes.
They said that they weren't afraid.
They said that they weren't alone.
They said that they weren't amused.
They said that they weren't angry anymore.
They said that they weren't angry.
They said that they weren't annoyed.
They said that they weren't at home.
They said that they weren't bitter.
They said that they weren't bored.
They said that they weren't broke.
They said that they weren't busy.
They said that they weren't cold.
They said that they weren't colorblind.
They said that they weren't coming back.
They said that they weren't coming.
They said that they weren't concerned.
They said that they weren't convinced.
They said that they weren't disappointed.
They said that they weren't discouraged.
They said that they weren't done.
They said that they weren't drunk.
They said that they weren't embarrassed.
They said that they weren't feeling well.
They said that they weren't finished.
They said that they weren't free.
They said that they weren't full.
They said that they weren't going anywhere.
They said that they weren't going to do that.
They said that they weren't going to help us.
They said that they weren't going to win.
They said that they weren't good at French.
They said that they weren't guilty.
They said that they weren't handcuffed.
They said that they weren't happy here.
They said that they weren't happy.
They said that they weren't having any fun.
They said that they weren't having fun.
They said that they weren't having much fun.
They said that they weren't healthy.
They said that they weren't homesick.
They said that they weren't hungry.
They said that they weren't hurt.
They said that they weren't impressed.
They said that they weren't in a hurry.
They said that they weren't in pain.
They said that they weren't injured.
They said that they weren't interested.
They said that they weren't intoxicated.
They said that they weren't jealous.
They said that they weren't likely to cry.
They said that they weren't likely to win.
They said that they weren't lonely.
They said that they weren't lucky.
They said that they weren't mad anymore.
They said that they weren't mad.
They said that they weren't married.
They said that they weren't nervous.
They said that they weren't offended.
They said that they weren't optimistic.
They said that they weren't overweight.
They said that they weren't planning to go.
They said that they weren't planning to stay.
They said that they weren't poor.
They said that they weren't prepared.
They said that they weren't ready to do that.
They said that they weren't ready to give up.
They said that they weren't ready to go home.
They said that they weren't ready to go.
They said that they weren't ready to talk.
They said that they weren't ready.
They said that they weren't retired.
They said that they weren't rich.
They said that they weren't sad.
They said that they weren't satisfied.
They said that they weren't scared.
They said that they weren't serious.
They said that they weren't shocked.
They said that they weren't sick.
They said that they weren't single.
They said that they weren't skeptical.
They said that they weren't sleepy.
They said that they weren't so sure.
They said that they weren't sorry.
They said that they weren't strong.
They said that they weren't sure what to do.
They said that they weren't sure.
They said that they weren't surprised.
They said that they weren't terrified.
They said that they weren't terrorists.
They said that they weren't thirsty.
They said that they weren't thirty.
They said that they weren't ticklish.
They said that they weren't tired.
They said that they weren't to blame.
They said that they weren't unhappy.
They said that they weren't upset.
They said that they weren't very cold.
They said that they weren't very happy.
They said that they weren't very sleepy.
They said that they weren't worried.
They said that they weren't wrong.
They said that they will return.
They said that they wished they could do that.
They said that they wished they were rich.
They said that they wished they'd eaten more.
They said that they won't agree to do that.
They said that they won't come to our party.
They said that they won't cry.
They said that they won't do that again.
They said that they won't do that anymore.
They said that they won't do that.
They said that they won't ever do that.
They said that they won't forget that night.
They said that they won't go ashore.
They said that they won't sing tonight.
They said that they won't speak French.
They said that they won't wait any longer.
They said that they won't walk home today.
They said that they won't win.
They said that they won.
They said that they would appeal.
They said that they would be OK with that.
They said that they would be at the meeting.
They said that they would be here.
They said that they would buy it.
They said that they would come back.
They said that they would come to the party.
They said that they would come tomorrow.
They said that they would come.
They said that they would do homework, though they went to the movies.
They said that they would do it again.
They said that they would do it.
They said that they would do that again.
They said that they would do that for me.
They said that they would do that for us.
They said that they would do that tomorrow.
They said that they would do that.
They said that they would do what we asked.
They said that they would help me.
They said that they would help.
They said that they would leave on Monday.
They said that they would look at it.
They said that they would never hurt anybody.
They said that they would never hurt anyone.
They said that they would quit doing that.
They said that they would sort it out.
They said that they would stop smoking.
They said that they would try.
They said that they would wait.
They said that they would write to us.
They said that they wouldn't be there.
They said that they wouldn't cry.
They said that they wouldn't dance.
They said that they wouldn't do it again.
They said that they wouldn't do it.
They said that they wouldn't do that again.
They said that they wouldn't do that today.
They said that they wouldn't do that.
They said that they wouldn't help me.
They said that they wouldn't say anything.
They said that they wouldn't speak French.
They said that they wouldn't try doing that.
They said that they wouldn't try to do that.
They said that they wouldn't wait for us.
They said that they wouldn't wait.
They said that they wouldn't win.
They said that they'd almost given up.
They said that they'd also do that.
They said that they'd also help me do that.
They said that they'd also help you do that.
They said that they'd be able to do that.
They said that they'd be able to help us.
They said that they'd be afraid to do that.
They said that they'd be at school today.
They said that they'd be at the meeting.
They said that they'd be back next Monday.
They said that they'd be back on Monday.
They said that they'd be back right away.
They said that they'd be back soon.
They said that they'd be back.
They said that they'd be busy on Monday.
They said that they'd be coming back.
They said that they'd be cooperative.
They said that they'd be doing that soon.
They said that they'd be early.
They said that they'd be glad to do that.
They said that they'd be glad to help.
They said that they'd be going by train.
They said that they'd be happy to do that.
They said that they'd be happy to help.
They said that they'd be here tonight.
They said that they'd be here.
They said that they'd be home for dinner.
They said that they'd be home this evening.
They said that they'd be late.
They said that they'd be leaving soon.
They said that they'd be on time.
They said that they'd be out.
They said that they'd be ready soon.
They said that they'd be right back.
They said that they'd be right over.
They said that they'd be tempted to do that.
They said that they'd be there early.
They said that they'd be there tomorrow.
They said that they'd be there.
They said that they'd be willing do that.
They said that they'd be willing help us.
They said that they'd be willing to do that.
They said that they'd be willing to do this.
They said that they'd be willing to go.
They said that they'd be willing to help us.
They said that they'd been betrayed.
They said that they'd been busy.
They said that they'd been careful.
They said that they'd been careless.
They said that they'd been cooperative.
They said that they'd been foolish.
They said that they'd been fortunate.
They said that they'd been handcuffed.
They said that they'd been humiliated.
They said that they'd been hungry.
They said that they'd been ill.
They said that they'd been offered $3,000.
They said that they'd been very lucky.
They said that they'd been wrong.
They said that they'd buy some stamps.
They said that they'd buy that for you.
They said that they'd buy what was needed.
They said that they'd call me back.
They said that they'd call me right back.
They said that they'd call me.
They said that they'd call tomorrow.
They said that they'd call you later.
They said that they'd call you.
They said that they'd clean up this mess.
They said that they'd come back later.
They said that they'd come to the wedding.
They said that they'd come tomorrow.
They said that they'd come.
They said that they'd complain.
They said that they'd consider doing that.
They said that they'd consider my idea.
They said that they'd definitely do that.
They said that they'd definitely win.
They said that they'd do anything for you.
They said that they'd do it later.
They said that they'd do it themselves.
They said that they'd do that again.
They said that they'd do that and they did.
They said that they'd do that as well.
They said that they'd do that for free.
They said that they'd do that for sure.
They said that they'd do that for us.
They said that they'd do that for you.
They said that they'd do that if I did.
They said that they'd do that later.
They said that they'd do that soon.
They said that they'd do that themselves.
They said that they'd do that tomorrow.
They said that they'd do that, too.
They said that they'd do that.
They said that they'd do their homework.
They said that they'd eat fruit.
They said that they'd failed us.
They said that they'd forgotten something.
They said that they'd found something.
They said that they'd found their keys.
They said that they'd get there early.
They said that they'd go back home soon.
They said that they'd go there tomorrow.
They said that they'd go to church.
They said that they'd have to reschedule.
They said that they'd help load the truck.
They said that they'd help me do that, too.
They said that they'd help me do that.
They said that they'd help me.
They said that they'd help us do that.
They said that they'd help us.
They said that they'd help you do that, too.
They said that they'd help.
They said that they'd kill you.
They said that they'd leave.
They said that they'd lend me some money.
They said that they'd like to do that now.
They said that they'd like to do that.
They said that they'd like to eat now.
They said that they'd like to go with us.
They said that they'd like to help.
They said that they'd like to see more.
They said that they'd like to talk to you.
They said that they'd like to win.
They said that they'd likely do that.
They said that they'd likely not do that.
They said that they'd likely win.
They said that they'd look at it.
They said that they'd look into it.
They said that they'd love to go with us.
They said that they'd love to help.
They said that they'd make it on time.
They said that they'd never come back here.
They said that they'd never do that again.
They said that they'd never do that.
They said that they'd never ever do that.
They said that they'd never heard of me.
They said that they'd never hurt anybody.
They said that they'd never hurt anyone.
They said that they'd never leave early.
They said that they'd never leave me.
They said that they'd never let you do that.
They said that they'd never let you drive.
They said that they'd never see me again.
They said that they'd never seen it.
They said that they'd never study French.
They said that they'd never teach French.
They said that they'd never want to do that.
They said that they'd only talk to you.
They said that they'd overstayed their visa.
They said that they'd pay for everything.
They said that they'd pay for the dinner.
They said that they'd pay the bill.
They said that they'd play tennis with us.
They said that they'd prefer not to do that.
They said that they'd probably do that.
They said that they'd probably win.
They said that they'd quit doing that.
They said that they'd rather come next week.
They said that they'd rather do that alone.
They said that they'd rather go home.
They said that they'd rather not do that.
They said that they'd rather not eat now.
They said that they'd rather not go home.
They said that they'd rather not go with us.
They said that they'd rather not swim.
They said that they'd retire this year.
They said that they'd see me tomorrow.
They said that they'd see what they could do.
They said that they'd sign the contract.
They said that they'd sort it out.
They said that they'd still like to do that.
They said that they'd stopped doing that.
They said that they'd take care of it.
They said that they'd think about it.
They said that they'd try again.
They said that they'd try doing that again.
They said that they'd try doing that today.
They said that they'd try doing that.
They said that they'd try to do that again.
They said that they'd try to do that today.
They said that they'd try to do that.
They said that they'd try to win.
They said that they'd try.
They said that they'd unlikely do that.
They said that they'd very unlikely do that.
They said that they'd wait and see.
They said that they'd wait for us.
They said that they'd wait.
They said that they'd water the garden.
They said that they'd win and they did.
They said that they'd win.
They said that they'll be doing that alone.
They said that they'll be doing that soon.
They said that they'll be leaving tomorrow.
They said that they'll be there.
They said that they'll buy that for you.
They said that they'll call you later.
They said that they'll check into it.
They said that they'll do that for us.
They said that they'll do that for you.
They said that they'll do that later.
They said that they'll do that soon.
They said that they'll do that tomorrow.
They said that they'll do that.
They said that they'll help us do that.
They said that they'll help us.
They said that they'll laugh.
They said that they'll leave soon.
They said that they'll leave the door open.
They said that they'll look after me.
They said that they'll never do that.
They said that they'll never leave early.
They said that they'll probably cry.
They said that they'll probably do that.
They said that they'll probably win.
They said that they'll quit doing that.
They said that they'll sing.
They said that they'll take what they can get.
They said that they'll try to do that.
They said that they'll try to win.
They said that they'll wait.
They said that they'll win.
They said that they're Canadian.
They said that they're Canadians.
They said that they're afraid to do that.
They said that they're afraid.
They said that they're alone.
They said that they're also frustrated.
They said that they're always been athletic.
They said that they're angry.
They said that they're annoyed.
They said that they're bored.
They said that they're broke.
They said that they're busy.
They said that they're cautiously optimistic.
They said that they're cold.
They said that they're concerned.
They said that they're confident of success.
They said that they're confused.
They said that they're curious.
They said that they're depressed.
They said that they're desperate to do that.
They said that they're desperate.
They said that they're determined to do that.
They said that they're discouraged.
They said that they're displeased.
They said that they're doing just fine.
They said that they're doing that now.
They said that they're drunk.
They said that they're eating lunch now.
They said that they're embarrassed.
They said that they're entirely self-taught.
They said that they're excited.
They said that they're exhausted.
They said that they're fascinated by that.
They said that they're feeling better now.
They said that they're feeling fine.
They said that they're feeling nervous.
They said that they're fine.
They said that they're finished doing that.
They said that they're frightened.
They said that they're frustrated.
They said that they're furious.
They said that they're glad that they did that.
They said that they're glad that you won.
They said that they're glad that you're back.
They said that they're glad they could do that.
They said that they're glad they did that.
They said that they're glad to help.
They said that they're glad you did that.
They said that they're glad you weren't hurt.
They said that they're glad you won.
They said that they're glad you're back.
They said that they're glad you're coming.
They said that they're going to do that.
They said that they're going to win.
They said that they're grateful.
They said that they're healthy.
They said that they're heartbroken.
They said that they're hesitant to do that.
They said that they're home every Monday.
They said that they're hungry.
They said that they're innocent.
They said that they're interested.
They said that they're irritated.
They said that they're jealous.
They said that they're lonely.
They said that they're mad.
They said that they're motivated to do that.
They said that they're nervous.
They said that they're no expert.
They said that they're not alone.
They said that they're not being used.
They said that they're not busy.
They said that they're not doing it.
They said that they're not doing that.
They said that they're not going anywhere.
They said that they're not going to do that.
They said that they're not going to sing.
They said that they're not happy.
They said that they're not hungry.
They said that they're not in any hurry.
They said that they're not likely to do that.
They said that they're not making much money.
They said that they're not planning on going.
They said that they're not planning to go.
They said that they're not ready to go.
They said that they're not ready to leave.
They said that they're not sleepy yet.
They said that they're not sleepy.
They said that they're not thirsty.
They said that they're not tired.
They said that they're not worried.
They said that they're not yet thirty.
They said that they're only done that once.
They said that they're only tried it once.
They said that they're optimistic.
They said that they're pessimistic.
They said that they're planning to do that.
They said that they're planning to go, too.
They said that they're pleased.
They said that they're prepared to help me.
They said that they're prepared.
They said that they're puzzled.
They said that they're quit drinking.
They said that they're ready for the test.
They said that they're ready to do that.
They said that they're ready to go.
They said that they're ready to help.
They said that they're ready to leave.
They said that they're ready.
They said that they're really glad they won.
They said that they're reluctant to do that.
They said that they're retired.
They said that they're safe.
They said that they're scared.
They said that they're shy.
They said that they're sick.
They said that they're skeptical.
They said that they're sleepy.
They said that they're sorry.
They said that they're starved.
They said that they're still afraid.
They said that they're studying French now.
They said that they're supportive.
They said that they're suspicious.
They said that they're sympathetic.
They said that they're taught French before.
They said that they're tempted to do that.
They said that they're thirsty.
They said that they're through doing that.
They said that they're ticklish.
They said that they're tired of doing that.
They said that they're tired.
They said that they're trying to lose weight.
They said that they're unafraid.
They said that they're unbiased.
They said that they're unconvinced.
They said that they're unemployed.
They said that they're unhappy.
They said that they're unhurt.
They said that they're unimpressed.
They said that they're unlucky.
They said that they're upset.
They said that they're very busy right now.
They said that they're very busy this week.
They said that they're very busy.
They said that they're very happy here.
They said that they're very happy.
They said that they're very hungry.
They said that they're very tired.
They said that they're weak.
They said that they're well.
They said that they're willing to be patient.
They said that they're willing to do that.
They said that they're willing to do this.
They said that they've already done that.
They said that they've always done that.
They said that they've been arrested before.
They said that they've been asked to do that.
They said that they've been busy all day.
They said that they've been feeling sick.
They said that they've been feeling tired.
They said that they've been forgiven.
They said that they've been here before.
They said that they've been offered $3,000.
They said that they've been robbed before.
They said that they've been told not do that.
They said that they've been told to do that.
They said that they've been very busy.
They said that they've been very happy here.
They said that they've been working out.
They said that they've done all of that.
They said that they've done nothing wrong.
They said that they've done that already.
They said that they've done that before.
They said that they've done that many times.
They said that they've done that three times.
They said that they've done.
They said that they've had enough of that.
They said that they've never been arrested.
They said that they've never done that.
They said that they've never eaten Thai food.
They said that they've never studied French.
They said that they've never taught French.
They said that they've seen people do that.
They said that this belonged to them.
They said that was all right.
They said that was fine with them.
They said that was fine.
They said that was their favorite store.
They said that was what they wanted to do.
They said that wasn't their problem.
They said that wasn't what they wanted.
They said that we could borrow their car.
They said that we could borrow their cars.
They said that worried them.
They said that you stole their car.
They said that you stole their cars.
They said that you told them to wait.
They said that you were their friend.
They said that you were their friends.
They said that you wouldn't let them in.
They said that you'd do that for them.
They said that's fine with them.
They said that's not what they wanted.
They said that.
They said the MESSENGER spacecraft has yielded measurements of excess hydrogen and reflectance, as well as information that has helped them understand temperatures of Mercury's north polar regions.
They said the cold didn't bother them.
They said the deal was foolish.
They said the deal was off.
They said the decision was theirs.
They said the earthquake woke them up.
They said the explosion woke them up.
They said the farmers complained of not receiving enough water to irrigate their crops.
They said the food is great, but it tasted horrible to me.
They said the gunshots woke them up.
They said the heat didn't bother them.
They said the package that was supposed to be delivered today will now arrive tomorrow or later because of problems during shipping.
They said the same thing.
They said the situation was only temporary.
They said the smallest transistor currently used in a computer is ninety nanometers.
They said their backs were sore.
They said their bus was late.
They said their efforts paid off.
They said their goals haven't changed.
They said their hands were cold.
They said their house was locked.
They said their house wasn't damaged.
They said their house wasn't for sale.
They said their house wasn't locked.
They said their houses were locked.
They said their houses weren't damaged.
They said their houses weren't for sale.
They said their houses weren't locked.
They said their jobs were a lot of fun.
They said their jobs were tough.
They said their licenses had been suspended.
They said their lives were in danger.
They said their new car cost them a lot.
They said their parents are divorced.
They said their parents have done that.
They said their prayers for victory.
They said their prayers.
They said their schedule has changed.
They said their schedule would change.
They said their schedules had changed.
They said their schedules would change.
They said their stomachs still hurt.
They said their team would likely win.
They said their team would win.
They said their word.
They said there was not enough time for a full investigation.
They said there was nothing they could do.
They said there wasn't enough time for a full investigation.
They said they acted in self-defense.
They said they agree it's a problem.
They said they agreed to do that.
They said they agreed.
They said they almost didn't do that.
They said they already did that.
They said they always carried guns.
They said they appreciated that.
They said they appreciated the help.
They said they aren't able to do that.
They said they aren't angry.
They said they aren't busy.
They said they aren't buying it.
They said they aren't going anywhere.
They said they aren't going ashore.
They said they aren't going to do that.
They said they aren't going to help us.
They said they aren't happy.
They said they aren't having any fun.
They said they aren't hungry.
They said they aren't in any hurry.
They said they aren't likely to cry.
They said they aren't likely to do that.
They said they aren't likely to win.
They said they aren't mad.
They said they aren't making much money.
They said they aren't planning on going.
They said they aren't planning to go.
They said they aren't ready to go.
They said they aren't ready to leave.
They said they aren't sick.
They said they aren't sleepy yet.
They said they aren't sleepy.
They said they aren't sure.
They said they aren't thirsty.
They said they aren't thirty yet.
They said they aren't tired.
They said they aren't upset.
They said they aren't worried.
They said they ate too much.
They said they ate way too much.
They said they believed in ghosts.
They said they believed that.
They said they believed they could win.
They said they bought that for you.
They said they called the police.
They said they can get us what we need.
They said they can handle it.
They said they can't do that.
They said they can't sing very well.
They said they can't speak French.
They said they can't wait any longer.
They said they considered doing that.
They said they could come get it.
They said they could do it.
They said they could do nothing.
They said they could do that today.
They said they could do that.
They said they could fix it.
They said they could handle it.
They said they could help us do that.
They said they could help us today.
They said they could help us.
They said they could probably do that.
They said they could probably win.
They said they could see ghosts.
They said they could swim well.
They said they could take it.
They said they could've done that.
They said they couldn't accept the job.
They said they couldn't believe anybody.
They said they couldn't believe anyone.
They said they couldn't believe it.
They said they couldn't breathe.
They said they couldn't do anything.
They said they couldn't do it.
They said they couldn't do that again.
They said they couldn't do that today.
They said they couldn't do that.
They said they couldn't do what you asked them to do.
They said they couldn't elaborate.
They said they couldn't find jobs.
They said they couldn't hear anything.
They said they couldn't help me.
They said they couldn't help us today.
They said they couldn't recall.
They said they couldn't speak French.
They said they couldn't swim well.
They said they couldn't swim.
They said they couldn't wait.
They said they couldn't walk.
They said they cried all night.
They said they cried every day.
They said they cried.
They said they did it the wrong way.
They said they did it wrong.
They said they did just that.
They said they did nothing illegal.
They said they did nothing wrong.
They said they did that already.
They said they did that for us.
They said they did that for you.
They said they did that in 2013.
They said they did that on Monday.
They said they did that the wrong way.
They said they did that three times.
They said they did that wrong.
They said they did that.
They said they didn't agree with you.
They said they didn't agree.
They said they didn't believe it.
They said they didn't believe that.
They said they didn't care what I did.
They said they didn't care what I do.
They said they didn't care what happened.
They said they didn't care.
They said they didn't cry.
They said they didn't do it.
They said they didn't do that anymore.
They said they didn't do that.
They said they didn't drink coffee.
They said they didn't drink wine.
They said they didn't eat meat anymore.
They said they didn't eat meat.
They said they didn't eat pork.
They said they didn't enjoy doing that.
They said they didn't feel anything.
They said they didn't feel cold.
They said they didn't feel hot.
They said they didn't feel hungry.
They said they didn't feel like eating.
They said they didn't feel like going.
They said they didn't feel safe.
They said they didn't feel threatened.
They said they didn't feel tired.
They said they didn't feel well today.
They said they didn't feel well.
They said they didn't find it funny.
They said they didn't get it.
They said they didn't have a car.
They said they didn't have a choice.
They said they didn't have a dog.
They said they didn't have a lawyer.
They said they didn't have an office.
They said they didn't have any money.
They said they didn't have any regrets.
They said they didn't have bicycles.
They said they didn't have cars.
They said they didn't have enough time.
They said they didn't have insurance.
They said they didn't have jobs.
They said they didn't have lawyers.
They said they didn't have offices.
They said they didn't have to do that.
They said they didn't hunt anymore.
They said they didn't intend to stay.
They said they didn't know French.
They said they didn't know any French.
They said they didn't know any better.
They said they didn't know anybody here.
They said they didn't know anyone here.
They said they didn't know how to swim.
They said they didn't know the answer.
They said they didn't know the rules.
They said they didn't know this.
They said they didn't know what to do.
They said they didn't know where to go.
They said they didn't know why.
They said they didn't know you.
They said they didn't know.
They said they didn't like baseball.
They said they didn't like beer.
They said they didn't like cats.
They said they didn't like dogs.
They said they didn't like doing that.
They said they didn't like their new jobs.
They said they didn't like this.
They said they didn't like to do that.
They said they didn't mean to hit me.
They said they didn't mean to hurt you.
They said they didn't mind doing that.
They said they didn't mind waiting.
They said they didn't mind walking.
They said they didn't mind.
They said they didn't need a break.
They said they didn't need a lawyer.
They said they didn't need anything.
They said they didn't need lawyers.
They said they didn't need money.
They said they didn't need our help.
They said they didn't need to do that.
They said they didn't need to hurry.
They said they didn't plan on going together.
They said they didn't plan on going.
They said they didn't plan to be there.
They said they didn't plan to do that.
They said they didn't plan to go.
They said they didn't play baseball.
They said they didn't remember a thing.
They said they didn't remember much.
They said they didn't remember my name.
They said they didn't see anybody else.
They said they didn't see anyone else.
They said they didn't see anything.
They said they didn't smoke anymore.
They said they didn't smoke.
They said they didn't speak French.
They said they didn't study French.
They said they didn't swim.
They said they didn't think they'd win.
They said they didn't wait very long.
They said they didn't want a party.
They said they didn't want anything.
They said they didn't want drinks.
They said they didn't want me to go.
They said they didn't want me to sing.
They said they didn't want me to wait.
They said they didn't want me to win.
They said they didn't want me to worry.
They said they didn't want sandwiches.
They said they didn't want this.
They said they didn't want to argue.
They said they didn't want to come.
They said they didn't want to dance together.
They said they didn't want to dance.
They said they didn't want to die.
They said they didn't want to do that.
They said they didn't want to do this.
They said they didn't want to eat now.
They said they didn't want to fight.
They said they didn't want to go.
They said they didn't want to help us.
They said they didn't want to leave.
They said they didn't want to retire.
They said they didn't want to sing.
They said they didn't want to sleep.
They said they didn't want to talk.
They said they didn't want to watch TV.
They said they didn't want to worry me.
They said they didn't want you here.
They said they didn't win.
They said they didn't work on Mondays.
They said they disagree.
They said they disagreed with each other.
They said they disagreed.
They said they don't care at all.
They said they don't care.
They said they don't do that anymore.
They said they don't do that.
They said they don't eat meat.
They said they don't eat pork.
They said they don't feel well.
They said they don't hunt anymore.
They said they don't know what to do.
They said they don't know.
They said they don't like doing that.
They said they don't like to do that.
They said they don't mind doing that.
They said they don't plan on going.
They said they don't plan to do that.
They said they don't plan to go.
They said they don't smoke anymore.
They said they don't want this.
They said they don't want to do that.
They said they don't want to retire.
They said they don't work on Mondays.
They said they enjoy doing that.
They said they enjoy studying French.
They said they enjoy teaching French.
They said they enjoyed being here.
They said they enjoyed doing that.
They said they enjoyed it.
They said they enjoyed the challenge.
They said they enjoyed the concert.
They said they enjoyed the food.
They said they enjoyed the party.
They said they enjoyed the show.
They said they enjoyed the view.
They said they feared for their safety.
They said they felt a bit nervous.
They said they felt a bit tired.
They said they felt a bit woozy.
They said they felt a little dazed.
They said they felt a little dizzy.
They said they felt a little guilty.
They said they felt a little nervous.
They said they felt a little stupid.
They said they felt a little woozy.
They said they felt alone.
They said they felt amazing.
They said they felt at home.
They said they felt awkward.
They said they felt bad about that.
They said they felt bad.
They said they felt betrayed.
They said they felt better.
They said they felt cheated.
They said they felt cold.
They said they felt comfortable.
They said they felt compelled to speak.
They said they felt confused.
They said they felt desperate.
They said they felt disappointed.
They said they felt dizzy and nauseous.
They said they felt dizzy.
They said they felt embarrassed.
They said they felt excluded.
They said they felt extremely guilty.
They said they felt fantastic.
They said they felt fine.
They said they felt foolish.
They said they felt frustrated.
They said they felt good about that.
They said they felt good.
They said they felt great.
They said they felt guilty.
They said they felt happy.
They said they felt hated.
They said they felt helpless.
They said they felt homesick.
They said they felt hot.
They said they felt humiliated.
They said they felt hungry.
They said they felt hurt.
They said they felt intimidated.
They said they felt invincible.
They said they felt left out.
They said they felt lightheaded.
They said they felt like crying.
They said they felt like dancing.
They said they felt like doing that.
They said they felt like eating steak.
They said they felt like getting drunk.
They said they felt like giving up.
They said they felt like outcasts.
They said they felt lonely.
They said they felt lucky.
They said they felt manipulated.
They said they felt much happier now.
They said they felt nauseous.
They said they felt neglected.
They said they felt nervous.
They said they felt no pressure to win.
They said they felt no pressure.
They said they felt nothing.
They said they felt obligated to help.
They said they felt offended.
They said they felt overwhelmed.
They said they felt persecuted.
They said they felt powerless.
They said they felt quite threatened.
They said they felt reassured.
They said they felt rejected.
They said they felt relieved.
They said they felt repulsed.
They said they felt responsible.
They said they felt safe.
They said they felt scared.
They said they felt seasick.
They said they felt sick.
They said they felt snubbed.
They said they felt strong.
They said they felt tempted to do that.
They said they felt terrible.
They said they felt terrific.
They said they felt the same way.
They said they felt the same.
They said they felt they had to do that.
They said they felt threatened.
They said they felt tired.
They said they felt trapped.
They said they felt uncomfortable.
They said they felt uneasy.
They said they felt utterly humiliated.
They said they felt very confident.
They said they felt very guilty.
They said they felt very happy.
They said they felt very humiliated.
They said they felt very lonely.
They said they felt very nervous.
They said they felt very sleepy.
They said they felt very tired.
They said they felt vulnerable.
They said they felt weak.
They said they felt wonderful.
They said they felt woozy.
They said they felt wronged.
They said they figured I could do that.
They said they figured I could win.
They said they figured they could win.
They said they fired me because I'm fat.
They said they forgot something.
They said they found doing that hard.
They said they found something strange.
They said they found something.
They said they found their keys.
They said they freaked out.
They said they got back home on Monday.
They said they got out of the way.
They said they had a difficult day.
They said they had a good weekend.
They said they had a hard day.
They said they had a job for me.
They said they had a lot of friends.
They said they had a lot of money.
They said they had a meeting to go to.
They said they had a surprise for you.
They said they had a wonderful time.
They said they had alibis.
They said they had better things to do.
They said they had colds.
They said they had contracts.
They said they had found their keys.
They said they had fully recovered.
They said they had fun doing that.
They said they had headaches.
They said they had knives.
They said they had lots of money.
They said they had never hurt anybody.
They said they had never hurt anyone.
They said they had no money.
They said they had no more details.
They said they had no other choice.
They said they had no other details.
They said they had no plans to do that.
They said they had no reason to stay.
They said they had no regrets.
They said they had no vices.
They said they had nothing else to do.
They said they had nothing to hide.
They said they had nowhere to go.
They said they had quit doing that.
They said they had something for you.
They said they had somewhere to go.
They said they had the day off.
They said they had three dogs at home.
They said they had to call the police.
They said they had to do that.
They said they had to go home early.
They said they had to go somewhere.
They said they had to go to a meeting.
They said they had to go.
They said they had to leave early.
They said they had to leave.
They said they had to split.
They said they had to stay home.
They said they had to talk to me.
They said they had to walk home.
They said they had to work late.
They said they had to work on Saturday.
They said they had to work.
They said they had trouble doing that.
They said they hadn't done it.
They said they hadn't done what we accused them of.
They said they hadn't seen anyone.
They said they hated me.
They said they hated this book.
They said they have been having a very hard time with prank calls.
They said they have nothing to hide.
They said they have to call the police.
They said they have to do that.
They said they have to get more sleep.
They said they have to go.
They said they haven't done that yet.
They said they haven't done that.
They said they haven't studied French.
They said they haven't yet done that.
They said they heard a lot of gunshots.
They said they heard a noise outside.
They said they heard an explosion.
They said they heard gunshots.
They said they heard somebody singing.
They said they heard somebody snoring.
They said they heard somebody yelling.
They said they heard someone screaming.
They said they heard someone singing.
They said they heard someone snoring.
They said they heard someone yelling.
They said they heard the gunshots.
They said they heard three shots fired.
They said they heard three shots.
They said they hope it'll happen soon.
They said they hope that that'll happen soon.
They said they hope that'll happen soon.
They said they hope to change that.
They said they hope you can do that.
They said they hope you won't be late.
They said they hope you won't do that.
They said they hope you'll do that.
They said they hope you'll help them.
They said they hoped they could do that.
They said they hoped they won the race.
They said they hurt all over.
They said they intend to do that.
They said they intend to win.
They said they intended to do that.
They said they intended to go shopping.
They said they intended to win.
They said they jumped out of the way.
They said they just couldn't do that.
They said they just needed more time.
They said they just wanted to be loved.
They said they kept doing that.
They said they knew I was coming.
They said they knew how I felt.
They said they knew how to do that.
They said they knew how to win.
They said they knew it was time to go.
They said they knew that I was coming.
They said they knew that I would come.
They said they knew that they could win.
They said they knew that you could win.
They said they knew the area well.
They said they knew the rules.
They said they knew they could do that.
They said they knew they could win.
They said they knew they wouldn't win.
They said they knew this would happen.
They said they knew what that was like.
They said they knew what to do.
They said they knew what was going on.
They said they knew who did it.
They said they knew who did that.
They said they knew who won.
They said they knew you could do that.
They said they knew you could win.
They said they knew you couldn't win.
They said they knew you wouldn't win.
They said they knew you.
They said they know the rules.
They said they know they can't win.
They said they know you.
They said they learned something new.
They said they left a note.
They said they left their keys at home.
They said they like doing that.
They said they like good wine.
They said they like pizza.
They said they like speaking French.
They said they like studying French.
They said they like swimming.
They said they like teaching French.
They said they like the idea.
They said they like the sound of that.
They said they like this time of year.
They said they like to do that.
They said they like to help others.
They said they like to ski, too.
They said they like to swim.
They said they liked doing that.
They said they liked good wine.
They said they liked it.
They said they liked me.
They said they liked my hair.
They said they liked my idea.
They said they liked pizza.
They said they liked rain.
They said they liked skiing.
They said they liked snow.
They said they liked speaking French.
They said they liked studying French.
They said they liked swimming.
They said they liked teaching French.
They said they liked the idea.
They said they liked the movie.
They said they liked the new carpet.
They said they liked the party.
They said they liked to do that.
They said they lost their key.
They said they lost their temper.
They said they love that kind of work.
They said they loved animals.
They said they loved baseball.
They said they loved chocolate.
They said they loved me, too.
They said they loved me.
They said they may agree to do that.
They said they may do that.
They said they may not do that.
They said they may not win.
They said they may possibly do that.
They said they may wait.
They said they might agree to do that.
They said they might be able to help.
They said they might cry.
They said they might die.
They said they might do that.
They said they might never come back.
They said they might not do that.
They said they might not win.
They said they might possibly do that.
They said they might possibly win.
They said they might retire.
They said they might win.
They said they need to do that.
They said they need to get more sleep.
They said they need to get some air.
They said they need to go shopping.
They said they need to study French.
They said they needed a change.
They said they needed a favor.
They said they needed a hat.
They said they needed a rest.
They said they needed money.
They said they needed more money.
They said they needed more time.
They said they needed my help.
They said they needed one of us there.
They said they needed our help.
They said they needed some cash.
They said they needed some money.
They said they needed some more time.
They said they needed the money.
They said they needed to do that soon.
They said they needed to do that today.
They said they needed to do that.
They said they needed to get some air.
They said they needed to stay at home.
They said they needed to stay home.
They said they needed to study French.
They said they needed to take baths.
They said they needed to take showers.
They said they never agreed to do that.
They said they never did that.
They said they never felt tired.
They said they never said that.
They said they never saw Tom.
They said they never saw her.
They said they never saw him.
They said they never saw you.
They said they never wanted to do that.
They said they noticed a difference.
They said they noticed the same thing.
They said they now regret doing that.
They said they only did that once.
They said they only wanted to be left alone.
They said they ought to do that.
They said they paid $300 in advance.
They said they paid income taxes.
They said they plan on doing that.
They said they plan on going Monday.
They said they plan on going.
They said they plan to be doctors.
They said they plan to do that Monday.
They said they plan to do that.
They said they plan to go Monday.
They said they plan to go on Monday.
They said they plan to go.
They said they plan to study French.
They said they planned on doing that.
They said they planned on going Monday.
They said they planned on going.
They said they planned to do that.
They said they planned to go Monday.
They said they planned to go on Monday.
They said they planned to go.
They said they prefer red wine.
They said they prefer to stay at home.
They said they probably won't do that.
They said they probably won't win.
They said they probably wouldn't cry.
They said they probably wouldn't win.
They said they really did do that.
They said they regret doing that now.
They said they regret doing that.
They said they regret not doing that.
They said they regretted doing that.
They said they remember being there.
They said they remember doing that.
They said they remembered being there.
They said they remembered doing that.
They said they saw a UFO last night.
They said they saw a lion yesterday.
They said they saw nothing.
They said they saw something scary.
They said they should do that.
They said they should go.
They said they should've done that.
They said they should've left earlier.
They said they should've left early.
They said they shouldn't do that.
They said they slept well last night.
They said they snored.
They said they sold their car for $300.
They said they spoke French last week.
They said they spoke French.
They said they studied French.
They said they take a walk every day.
They said they think it's impossible.
They said they think it's possible.
They said they think that they can win.
They said they think they can do that.
They said they think they can win.
They said they think they won't do that.
They said they think they won't win.
They said they think we can win.
They said they think we could do that.
They said they think you're stupid.
They said they thought I looked bored.
They said they thought I looked fit.
They said they thought I looked happy.
They said they thought I looked hungry.
They said they thought I looked lonely.
They said they thought I looked sad.
They said they thought I might not win.
They said they thought I might win.
They said they thought I was creative.
They said they thought I was cute.
They said they thought I was dead.
They said they thought I was funny.
They said they thought I was insincere.
They said they thought I was lazy.
They said they thought I was lying.
They said they thought I was witty.
They said they thought I'm charming.
They said they thought that I was dead.
They said they thought that I was lazy.
They said they thought that you'd win.
They said they thought they could win.
They said they thought they couldn't win.
They said they thought we could win.
They said they thought you'd win.
They said they told you.
They said they tried to be optimistic.
They said they tried to do that once.
They said they tried to do that.
They said they tried to win.
They said they tried very hard to win.
They said they understand our concern.
They said they understood French.
They said they understood.
They said they walked home by themselves.
They said they walked home yesterday.
They said they walked home.
They said they want more details.
They said they want their money back.
They said they want to be lawyers.
They said they want to be mechanics.
They said they want to be teachers.
They said they want to be your friend.
They said they want to buy a yacht.
They said they want to change that.
They said they want to die.
They said they want to do that.
They said they want to go.
They said they want to join our band.
They said they want to meet you.
They said they want to retire.
They said they want to schedule an absence.
They said they want to sell their house.
They said they want to study French.
They said they want to talk to you.
They said they want to win.
They said they wanted a lawyer.
They said they wanted a new car.
They said they wanted a picture of me.
They said they wanted a second opinion.
They said they wanted another chance.
They said they wanted answers.
They said they wanted better jobs.
They said they wanted good jobs.
They said they wanted ice cream.
They said they wanted lawyers.
They said they wanted me to stop.
They said they wanted more details.
They said they wanted my help.
They said they wanted new cars.
They said they wanted revenge.
They said they wanted some company.
They said they wanted some money.
They said they wanted something to eat.
They said they wanted to be dentists.
They said they wanted to be early.
They said they wanted to be here.
They said they wanted to be left alone.
They said they wanted to be teachers.
They said they wanted to buy a horse.
They said they wanted to buy my book.
They said they wanted to buy some soap.
They said they wanted to buy toolboxes.
They said they wanted to create a new American-Muslim superheroine for a young adult audience and they were going to give her, her own ongoing monthly comic book series.
They said they wanted to cry.
They said they wanted to die.
They said they wanted to do more.
They said they wanted to do that again.
They said they wanted to do that.
They said they wanted to do this.
They said they wanted to get divorced.
They said they wanted to go home.
They said they wanted to go sailing.
They said they wanted to go shopping.
They said they wanted to go swimming.
They said they wanted to go to bed.
They said they wanted to go to the zoo.
They said they wanted to go.
They said they wanted to help us.
They said they wanted to help.
They said they wanted to join our band.
They said they wanted to kill themselves.
They said they wanted to leave early.
They said they wanted to leave.
They said they wanted to make amends.
They said they wanted to meet you.
They said they wanted to play.
They said they wanted to quit the band.
They said they wanted to retire.
They said they wanted to stay home.
They said they wanted to study French.
They said they wanted to study abroad.
They said they wanted to talk to me.
They said they wanted to talk to you.
They said they wanted to talk.
They said they wanted to try to win.
They said they wanted to win.
They said they wanted to wrestle.
They said they wanted us to do that.
They said they wanted us to visit them.
They said they went swimming yesterday.
They said they went there for jobs.
They said they were Canadian.
They said they were Canadians.
They said they were OK.
They said they were a bit tired.
They said they were a bit uncomfortable.
They said they were a little nervous.
They said they were a little tired.
They said they were aching all over.
They said they were adopted.
They said they were afraid of heights.
They said they were afraid of snakes.
They said they were afraid to do that.
They said they were afraid to fly.
They said they were afraid to go there.
They said they were afraid.
They said they were all alone.
They said they were all worn out.
They said they were alone.
They said they were ambidextrous.
They said they were amused.
They said they were angry.
They said they were annoyed.
They said they were appreciative.
They said they were artists.
They said they were ashamed.
They said they were asked to do that.
They said they were asked to help.
They said they were asked to leave.
They said they were at home yesterday.
They said they were at home.
They said they were at school.
They said they were baffled.
They said they were betrayed.
They said they were bored.
They said they were broke.
They said they were busy.
They said they were children of gods.
They said they were children of the gods.
They said they were claustrophobic.
They said they were cold.
They said they were colorblind.
They said they were comfortable.
They said they were coming back.
They said they were completely baffled.
They said they were concerned.
They said they were confused.
They said they were conservative.
They said they were curious about that.
They said they were curious.
They said they were depressed.
They said they were desperate.
They said they were determined to win.
They said they were disappointed.
They said they were discontented.
They said they were discouraged.
They said they were disoriented.
They said they were displeased.
They said they were dissatisfied with their low wages.
They said they were divorced.
They said they were dog-tired.
They said they were doing fine.
They said they were doing just fine.
They said they were doing that now.
They said they were done for the day.
They said they were done, too.
They said they were done.
They said they were drunk.
They said they were dubious.
They said they were dying.
They said they were eager to do that.
They said they were eating.
They said they were embarrassed.
They said they were enjoying the party.
They said they were enjoying themselves.
They said they were excited.
They said they were exhausted.
They said they were extremely tired.
They said they were famished.
They said they were feeling bad.
They said they were feeling confident.
They said they were feeling fine.
They said they were feeling great.
They said they were feeling hungry.
They said they were feeling nervous.
They said they were feeling pretty good.
They said they were feeling thirsty.
They said they were feeling tired.
They said they were fine.
They said they were finished doing that.
They said they were finished.
They said they were forced to do that.
They said they were free.
They said they were frightened.
They said they were frustrated.
They said they were full.
They said they were furious.
They said they were getting antsy.
They said they were getting drowsy.
They said they were getting hungry.
They said they were getting sleepy.
They said they were getting tired.
They said they were glad they did that.
They said they were glad they'd done that.
They said they were glad to be here.
They said they were glad to help.
They said they were glad to see you.
They said they were glad you came back.
They said they were glad you did that.
They said they were going back home.
They said they were going hunting.
They said they were going to be here.
They said they were going to be late.
They said they were going to die.
They said they were going to do schoolwork, but they went to the cinema instead.
They said they were going to do that.
They said they were going to help.
They said they were going to quit.
They said they were going to win.
They said they were going to work.
They said they were good at French.
They said they were grateful to be here.
They said they were grateful.
They said they were happy here.
They said they were happy they did that.
They said they were happy to do that.
They said they were happy to see you.
They said they were happy.
They said they were having a bad day.
They said they were having a good time.
They said they were having a power outage.
They said they were having fun, too.
They said they were having fun.
They said they were healthy.
They said they were heartbroken.
They said they were here to stay.
They said they were hesitant to do that.
They said they were homeless.
They said they were homesick.
They said they were hoping to see you.
They said they were hoping we'd do that.
They said they were hoping you'd win.
They said they were hungry.
They said they were hurt.
They said they were impressed.
They said they were in a hurry.
They said they were innocent.
They said they were interested.
They said they were intoxicated.
They said they were intrigued.
They said they were irritated.
They said they were jealous.
They said they were leaving.
They said they were lonely.
They said they were looking for help.
They said they were looking for you.
They said they were lucky.
They said they were mad.
They said they were married.
They said they were miserable.
They said they were mistaken.
They said they were mortified.
They said they were much happier now.
They said they were naked.
They said they were nervous.
They said they were new students.
They said they were next.
They said they were no different.
They said they were not afraid of smugglers.
They said they were offended.
They said they were optimistic.
They said they were over thirty.
They said they were overwhelmed.
They said they were pessimistic.
They said they were planning to do that.
They said they were planning to go, too.
They said they were pleased.
They said they were poor.
They said they were prepared.
They said they were psyched.
They said they were psychic.
They said they were puzzled.
They said they were quite busy.
They said they were ready to do that.
They said they were ready to go.
They said they were ready to help.
They said they were ready to leave.
They said they were ready to talk.
They said they were ready.
They said they were really afraid.
They said they were really angry.
They said they were really bored.
They said they were really broke.
They said they were really busy.
They said they were really cold.
They said they were really curious.
They said they were really drunk.
They said they were really happy.
They said they were really hungry.
They said they were really jealous.
They said they were really lonely.
They said they were really lucky.
They said they were really mad.
They said they were really nervous.
They said they were really poor.
They said they were really rich.
They said they were really scared.
They said they were really sick.
They said they were really sleepy.
They said they were really sorry.
They said they were really thirsty.
They said they were really tired.
They said they were really unhappy.
They said they were really unlucky.
They said they were really upset.
They said they were really worried.
They said they were related to the bride.
They said they were relaxed.
They said they were relieved.
They said they were retired.
They said they were retiring.
They said they were rich.
They said they were sad.
They said they were safe.
They said they were satisfied.
They said they were scared.
They said they were serious.
They said they were shocked.
They said they were sick of doing that.
They said they were sick.
They said they were single.
They said they were skeptical.
They said they were sleepy.
They said they were so sorry.
They said they were somewhat confused.
They said they were sons of the gods.
They said they were sorry.
They said they were starved.
They said they were starving.
They said they were still afraid.
They said they were strong.
They said they were stunned.
They said they were supportive.
They said they were surprised.
They said they were suspicious.
They said they were sympathetic.
They said they were tempted to do that.
They said they were terrified of snakes.
They said they were terrified.
They said they were the groom's cousins.
They said they were thirsty.
They said they were thirty.
They said they were thrilled to be back.
They said they were thrilled.
They said they were through doing that.
They said they were ticklish.
They said they were tired of doing that.
They said they were tired of losing.
They said they were tired of waiting.
They said they were tired.
They said they were told not do that.
They said they were told to do that.
They said they were too busy to do that.
They said they were too busy to help.
They said they were too lazy to do that.
They said they were too old to do that.
They said they were too shy to do that.
They said they were too tired to dance.
They said they were too weak to do that.
They said they were too young to drink.
They said they were too young to drive.
They said they were too young to vote.
They said they were troubled.
They said they were unable to do that.
They said they were unable to win.
They said they were unafraid.
They said they were unbiased.
They said they were uncomfortable.
They said they were unconcerned.
They said they were unconvinced.
They said they were unemployed.
They said they were unhappy.
They said they were unhurt.
They said they were unimpressed.
They said they were unlikely do that.
They said they were unlikely to cry.
They said they were unlikely to win.
They said they were unlucky.
They said they were unmarried.
They said they were upset.
They said they were used to doing that.
They said they were utterly exhausted.
They said they were very amused.
They said they were very angry.
They said they were very bored.
They said they were very broke.
They said they were very busy.
They said they were very cold.
They said they were very concerned.
They said they were very confident.
They said they were very confused.
They said they were very curious.
They said they were very drunk.
They said they were very excited.
They said they were very grateful.
They said they were very happy here.
They said they were very happy.
They said they were very hungry.
They said they were very impressed.
They said they were very intrigued.
They said they were very irritated.
They said they were very jealous.
They said they were very lonely.
They said they were very lucky.
They said they were very mad.
They said they were very nervous.
They said they were very poor.
They said they were very rich.
They said they were very sad.
They said they were very satisfied.
They said they were very scared.
They said they were very serious.
They said they were very shocked.
They said they were very sick.
They said they were very skeptical.
They said they were very sleepy.
They said they were very sorry.
They said they were very surprised.
They said they were very thirsty.
They said they were very ticklish.
They said they were very tired.
They said they were very unhappy.
They said they were very unlucky.
They said they were very upset.
They said they were very worried.
They said they were well.
They said they were willing to do that.
They said they were willing to help us.
They said they were willing to wait.
They said they were worn out.
They said they were worried about me.
They said they were worried.
They said they were wounded.
They said they were wrong.
They said they weren't Canadian.
They said they weren't Canadians.
They said they weren't able to do that.
They said they weren't able to win.
They said they weren't adopted.
They said they weren't afraid anymore.
They said they weren't afraid of anybody.
They said they weren't afraid of anyone.
They said they weren't afraid of snakes.
They said they weren't afraid.
They said they weren't alone.
They said they weren't amused.
They said they weren't angry anymore.
They said they weren't angry.
They said they weren't annoyed.
They said they weren't at home.
They said they weren't bitter.
They said they weren't bored.
They said they weren't broke.
They said they weren't busy.
They said they weren't cold.
They said they weren't colorblind.
They said they weren't coming back.
They said they weren't coming.
They said they weren't concerned.
They said they weren't convinced.
They said they weren't disappointed.
They said they weren't discouraged.
They said they weren't done.
They said they weren't drunk.
They said they weren't embarrassed.
They said they weren't feeling well.
They said they weren't finished.
They said they weren't free.
They said they weren't full.
They said they weren't going anywhere.
They said they weren't going to do that.
They said they weren't going to help us.
They said they weren't going to win.
They said they weren't good at French.
They said they weren't guilty.
They said they weren't handcuffed.
They said they weren't happy here.
They said they weren't happy.
They said they weren't having any fun.
They said they weren't having fun.
They said they weren't having much fun.
They said they weren't healthy.
They said they weren't homesick.
They said they weren't hungry.
They said they weren't hurt.
They said they weren't impressed.
They said they weren't in a hurry.
They said they weren't in pain.
They said they weren't injured.
They said they weren't interested.
They said they weren't intoxicated.
They said they weren't jealous.
They said they weren't likely to cry.
They said they weren't likely to win.
They said they weren't lonely.
They said they weren't lucky.
They said they weren't mad anymore.
They said they weren't mad.
They said they weren't married.
They said they weren't nervous.
They said they weren't offended.
They said they weren't offered jobs.
They said they weren't optimistic.
They said they weren't overweight.
They said they weren't planning to go.
They said they weren't planning to stay.
They said they weren't poor.
They said they weren't prepared.
They said they weren't ready to do that.
They said they weren't ready to give up.
They said they weren't ready to go home.
They said they weren't ready to go.
They said they weren't ready to talk.
They said they weren't ready.
They said they weren't retired.
They said they weren't rich.
They said they weren't sad.
They said they weren't satisfied.
They said they weren't scared.
They said they weren't serious.
They said they weren't shocked.
They said they weren't sick.
They said they weren't single.
They said they weren't skeptical.
They said they weren't sleepy.
They said they weren't so sure.
They said they weren't sorry.
They said they weren't strong.
They said they weren't sure what to do.
They said they weren't sure.
They said they weren't surprised.
They said they weren't terrified.
They said they weren't terrorists.
They said they weren't thirsty.
They said they weren't thirty.
They said they weren't ticklish.
They said they weren't tired.
They said they weren't to blame.
They said they weren't unhappy.
They said they weren't upset.
They said they weren't very cold.
They said they weren't very happy.
They said they weren't very sleepy.
They said they weren't worried.
They said they weren't wrong.
They said they wished they could do that.
They said they wished they were rich.
They said they wished they'd eaten more.
They said they won't agree to do that.
They said they won't come to our party.
They said they won't cry.
They said they won't do that again.
They said they won't do that anymore.
They said they won't do that.
They said they won't ever do that.
They said they won't forget that night.
They said they won't go ashore.
They said they won't sing tonight.
They said they won't speak French.
They said they won't wait any longer.
They said they won't walk home today.
They said they won't win.
They said they won.
They said they would accept the committee's decision as final.
They said they would accept the committee’s decision as final.
They said they would appeal.
They said they would be OK with that.
They said they would be at the meeting.
They said they would be here.
They said they would buy it.
They said they would come back.
They said they would come to the party.
They said they would come tomorrow.
They said they would come.
They said they would do it again.
They said they would do it.
They said they would do that again.
They said they would do that for me.
They said they would do that for us.
They said they would do that tomorrow.
They said they would do that.
They said they would do what we asked.
They said they would employ me at the office.
They said they would help me.
They said they would help.
They said they would investigate.
They said they would leave on Monday.
They said they would look at it.
They said they would meet us at the park later.
They said they would never hurt anybody.
They said they would never hurt anyone.
They said they would not fight.
They said they would quit doing that.
They said they would sort it out.
They said they would stop smoking.
They said they would try.
They said they would wait.
They said they would write to us.
They said they wouldn't be there.
They said they wouldn't cry.
They said they wouldn't dance.
They said they wouldn't do it again.
They said they wouldn't do it.
They said they wouldn't do that again.
They said they wouldn't do that today.
They said they wouldn't do that.
They said they wouldn't help me.
They said they wouldn't make it again.
They said they wouldn't say anything.
They said they wouldn't speak French.
They said they wouldn't try doing that.
They said they wouldn't try to do that.
They said they wouldn't wait for us.
They said they wouldn't wait.
They said they wouldn't win.
They said they write their own speeches.
They said they'd almost given up.
They said they'd also do that.
They said they'd also help me do that.
They said they'd also help you do that.
They said they'd be able to do that.
They said they'd be able to help us.
They said they'd be afraid to do that.
They said they'd be at school today.
They said they'd be at the meeting.
They said they'd be back by three.
They said they'd be back next Monday.
They said they'd be back on Monday.
They said they'd be back right away.
They said they'd be back soon.
They said they'd be back.
They said they'd be busy on Monday.
They said they'd be coming back.
They said they'd be cooperative.
They said they'd be doing that soon.
They said they'd be early.
They said they'd be glad to do that.
They said they'd be glad to help.
They said they'd be going by train.
They said they'd be happy to do that.
They said they'd be happy to help.
They said they'd be here tonight.
They said they'd be here.
They said they'd be home for dinner.
They said they'd be home this evening.
They said they'd be late.
They said they'd be leaving soon.
They said they'd be on time.
They said they'd be out.
They said they'd be ready soon.
They said they'd be right back.
They said they'd be right over.
They said they'd be tempted to do that.
They said they'd be there early.
They said they'd be there tomorrow.
They said they'd be there.
They said they'd be willing do that.
They said they'd be willing help us.
They said they'd be willing to do that.
They said they'd be willing to do this.
They said they'd be willing to go.
They said they'd be willing to help us.
They said they'd been betrayed.
They said they'd been busy.
They said they'd been careful.
They said they'd been careless.
They said they'd been cooperative.
They said they'd been foolish.
They said they'd been fortunate.
They said they'd been handcuffed.
They said they'd been humiliated.
They said they'd been hungry.
They said they'd been ill.
They said they'd been offered $3,000.
They said they'd been very lucky.
They said they'd been wrong.
They said they'd buy some stamps.
They said they'd buy that for you.
They said they'd buy what was needed.
They said they'd call me back.
They said they'd call me right back.
They said they'd call me.
They said they'd call tomorrow.
They said they'd call you later.
They said they'd call you.
They said they'd clean up this mess.
They said they'd come back later.
They said they'd come to the wedding.
They said they'd come tomorrow.
They said they'd come.
They said they'd complain.
They said they'd consider doing that.
They said they'd consider my idea.
They said they'd definitely do that.
They said they'd definitely win.
They said they'd do anything for you.
They said they'd do it later.
They said they'd do it themselves.
They said they'd do that again.
They said they'd do that and they did.
They said they'd do that as well.
They said they'd do that for free.
They said they'd do that for sure.
They said they'd do that for us.
They said they'd do that for you.
They said they'd do that if I did.
They said they'd do that later.
They said they'd do that soon.
They said they'd do that themselves.
They said they'd do that tomorrow.
They said they'd do that, too.
They said they'd do that.
They said they'd do their homework.
They said they'd eat fruit.
They said they'd failed us.
They said they'd forgotten something.
They said they'd found something.
They said they'd found their keys.
They said they'd get back to me.
They said they'd get there early.
They said they'd go back home soon.
They said they'd go there tomorrow.
They said they'd go to church.
They said they'd have to reschedule.
They said they'd help load the truck.
They said they'd help me do that, too.
They said they'd help me do that.
They said they'd help me.
They said they'd help us do that.
They said they'd help us.
They said they'd help you do that, too.
They said they'd help.
They said they'd kill you.
They said they'd leave.
They said they'd lend me some money.
They said they'd like to do that now.
They said they'd like to do that.
They said they'd like to eat now.
They said they'd like to go with us.
They said they'd like to help.
They said they'd like to see more.
They said they'd like to talk to you.
They said they'd like to win.
They said they'd likely do that.
They said they'd likely not do that.
They said they'd likely win.
They said they'd loan me the money.
They said they'd look at it.
They said they'd look into it.
They said they'd love to go with us.
They said they'd love to help.
They said they'd make it on time.
They said they'd make the boarding announcement 20 minutes before takeoff.
They said they'd never come back here.
They said they'd never do that again.
They said they'd never do that.
They said they'd never ever do that.
They said they'd never heard of me.
They said they'd never hurt anybody.
They said they'd never hurt anyone.
They said they'd never leave early.
They said they'd never leave me.
They said they'd never let you do that.
They said they'd never let you drive.
They said they'd never see me again.
They said they'd never seen it.
They said they'd never study French.
They said they'd never teach French.
They said they'd never want to do that.
They said they'd only talk to you.
They said they'd overstayed their visa.
They said they'd pay for everything.
They said they'd pay for the dinner.
They said they'd pay the bill.
They said they'd play tennis with us.
They said they'd prefer not to do that.
They said they'd probably do that.
They said they'd probably win.
They said they'd quit doing that.
They said they'd rather come next week.
They said they'd rather do that alone.
They said they'd rather go home.
They said they'd rather not do that.
They said they'd rather not eat now.
They said they'd rather not go home.
They said they'd rather not go with us.
They said they'd rather not swim.
They said they'd retire this year.
They said they'd see me tomorrow.
They said they'd see what they could do.
They said they'd sign the contract.
They said they'd sort it out.
They said they'd still like to do that.
They said they'd stopped doing that.
They said they'd take care of it.
They said they'd think about it.
They said they'd try again.
They said they'd try doing that again.
They said they'd try doing that today.
They said they'd try doing that.
They said they'd try to do that again.
They said they'd try to do that today.
They said they'd try to do that.
They said they'd try to win.
They said they'd try.
They said they'd unlikely do that.
They said they'd very unlikely do that.
They said they'd wait and see.
They said they'd wait for us.
They said they'd wait.
They said they'd water the garden.
They said they'd win and they did.
They said they'd win.
They said they'll be doing that alone.
They said they'll be doing that soon.
They said they'll be leaving tomorrow.
They said they'll be there.
They said they'll buy that for you.
They said they'll call you later.
They said they'll check into it.
They said they'll do that for us.
They said they'll do that for you.
They said they'll do that later.
They said they'll do that soon.
They said they'll do that tomorrow.
They said they'll do that.
They said they'll get it fixed by the end of the day.
They said they'll help us do that.
They said they'll help us.
They said they'll laugh.
They said they'll leave soon.
They said they'll leave the door open.
They said they'll look after me.
They said they'll never do that.
They said they'll never leave early.
They said they'll probably cry.
They said they'll probably do that.
They said they'll probably win.
They said they'll quit doing that.
They said they'll sing.
They said they'll take what they can get.
They said they'll try to do that.
They said they'll try to win.
They said they'll wait.
They said they'll win.
They said they're Canadian.
They said they're Canadians.
They said they're afraid to do that.
They said they're afraid.
They said they're alone.
They said they're also frustrated.
They said they're always been athletic.
They said they're angry.
They said they're annoyed.
They said they're bored.
They said they're broke.
They said they're busy.
They said they're cautiously optimistic.
They said they're cold.
They said they're concerned.
They said they're confident of success.
They said they're confused.
They said they're curious.
They said they're depressed.
They said they're desperate to do that.
They said they're desperate.
They said they're determined to do that.
They said they're discouraged.
They said they're displeased.
They said they're doing just fine.
They said they're doing that now.
They said they're drunk.
They said they're eating lunch now.
They said they're embarrassed.
They said they're entirely self-taught.
They said they're excited.
They said they're exhausted.
They said they're fascinated by that.
They said they're feeling better now.
They said they're feeling fine.
They said they're feeling nervous.
They said they're fine.
They said they're finished doing that.
They said they're frightened.
They said they're frustrated.
They said they're furious.
They said they're glad that they did that.
They said they're glad that you won.
They said they're glad that you're back.
They said they're glad they could do that.
They said they're glad they did that.
They said they're glad to help.
They said they're glad you did that.
They said they're glad you weren't hurt.
They said they're glad you won.
They said they're glad you're back.
They said they're glad you're coming.
They said they're going to do that.
They said they're going to win.
They said they're grateful.
They said they're happy.
They said they're healthy.
They said they're heartbroken.
They said they're hesitant to do that.
They said they're home every Monday.
They said they're hungry.
They said they're innocent.
They said they're interested.
They said they're irritated.
They said they're jealous.
They said they're lonely.
They said they're mad.
They said they're motivated to do that.
They said they're nervous.
They said they're no expert.
They said they're not alone.
They said they're not being used.
They said they're not busy.
They said they're not doing it.
They said they're not doing that.
They said they're not going anywhere.
They said they're not going to do that.
They said they're not going to sing.
They said they're not happy.
They said they're not hungry.
They said they're not in any hurry.
They said they're not likely to do that.
They said they're not making much money.
They said they're not planning on going.
They said they're not planning to go.
They said they're not ready to go.
They said they're not ready to leave.
They said they're not sleepy yet.
They said they're not sleepy.
They said they're not thirsty.
They said they're not tired.
They said they're not worried.
They said they're not yet thirty.
They said they're only done that once.
They said they're only tried it once.
They said they're optimistic.
They said they're pessimistic.
They said they're planning to do that.
They said they're planning to go, too.
They said they're pleased.
They said they're prepared to help me.
They said they're prepared.
They said they're puzzled.
They said they're quit drinking.
They said they're ready for the test.
They said they're ready to do that.
They said they're ready to go.
They said they're ready to help.
They said they're ready to leave.
They said they're ready.
They said they're really glad they won.
They said they're reluctant to do that.
They said they're retired.
They said they're safe.
They said they're scared.
They said they're shy.
They said they're sick.
They said they're skeptical.
They said they're sleepy.
They said they're sorry.
They said they're starved.
They said they're still afraid.
They said they're studying French now.
They said they're supportive.
They said they're suspicious.
They said they're sympathetic.
They said they're taught French before.
They said they're tempted to do that.
They said they're thirsty.
They said they're through doing that.
They said they're ticklish.
They said they're tired of doing that.
They said they're tired.
They said they're trying to lose weight.
They said they're unafraid.
They said they're unbiased.
They said they're unconvinced.
They said they're unemployed.
They said they're unhappy.
They said they're unhurt.
They said they're unimpressed.
They said they're unlucky.
They said they're upset.
They said they're very busy right now.
They said they're very busy this week.
They said they're very busy.
They said they're very happy here.
They said they're very happy.
They said they're very hungry.
They said they're very tired.
They said they're weak.
They said they're well.
They said they're willing to be patient.
They said they're willing to do that.
They said they're willing to do this.
They said they've already done that.
They said they've always done that.
They said they've been arrested before.
They said they've been asked to do that.
They said they've been busy all day.
They said they've been feeling sick.
They said they've been feeling tired.
They said they've been forgiven.
They said they've been here before.
They said they've been offered $3,000.
They said they've been robbed before.
They said they've been told not do that.
They said they've been told to do that.
They said they've been very busy.
They said they've been very happy here.
They said they've been working out.
They said they've done all of that.
They said they've done nothing wrong.
They said they've done that already.
They said they've done that before.
They said they've done that many times.
They said they've done that three times.
They said they've done.
They said they've had enough of that.
They said they've never been arrested.
They said they've never done that.
They said they've never eaten Thai food.
They said they've never studied French.
They said they've never taught French.
They said they've seen people do that.
They said they’d make the boarding announcement 20 minutes before takeoff.
They said this belonged to them.
They said this was just temporary.
They said to her, "No, but we will return with you to your people."
They said to him they would settle there.
They said use of force should be used only as a last choice.
They said we could borrow their car.
They said we could borrow their cars.
They said we could stay here.
They said what they intended to say.
They said what they meant.
They said what they wanted to say.
They said yes.
They said you needed to see me.
They said you stole their car.
They said you stole their cars.
They said you told them to wait.
They said you were fired.
They said you were their friend.
They said you were their friends.
They said you would never come back.
They said you wouldn't let them in.
They said you'd do that for them.
They said “hi” to the woman.
They said “toki” to the woman.
They said, "You are such a kind person," and I said, "Say that again." They said, "You are a kind person." I said, "I've never heard that before."
They said, : we're here ".
They said, further, that he had done nothing but look at her all the time, and that most certainly he was very much in love with the beautiful owner of the glass slipper.
They said.
They sailed along the west coast of Africa.
They sailed around the world.
They sailed back to Algeria.
They sailed for months in hope of "gold and glory".
They sailed into uncharted waters.
They sailed to new frontiers.
They sailed to the island's secluded cove.
They sailed to the remote bay of the island.
They salted their eggs.
They saluted each other by raising their hats.
They sampled a slice of every cake at the bakery.
They sang "Happy Birthday" while presenting the cake.
They sang Hawaiian songs.
They sang a song.
They sang about the things that were close to them.
They sang all by themselves.
They sang all night.
They sang alone.
They sang and danced.
They sang another song.
They sang carols during the holiday season.
They sang in chorus.
They sang in tune.
They sang on the stage in turn.
They sang one after another.
They sang one of the songs they wrote together.
They sang one of the songs they wrote.
They sang some beautiful songs.
They sang some old songs.
They sang songs around the fire.
They sang the song while standing upside down.
They sang to the horses.
They sang together in Algeria.
They sang well.
They sang while they worked.
They sang.
They sanitize the office regularly.
They sank his company.
They sank ten enemy ships.
They sank.
They sat according to age.
They sat across from each other.
They sat all by themselves at the bar.
They sat all by themselves.
They sat alone in a corner talking.
They sat alone in their rooms.
They sat and ate the food.
They sat and drank their coffee.
They sat and waited for their food.
They sat around the campfire telling war stories.
They sat around the table playing cards.
They sat around the table to play cards.
They sat at the bar by themselves.
They sat at the edge of the door.
They sat at their campfires at night.
They sat at their desks doing paperwork.
They sat at their desks working.
They sat at their desks.
They sat at their usual table.
They sat before him, the firstborn according to his birthright, and the youngest according to his age. And they wondered very much; taking the messes which they received of him: and the greater mess came to Benjamin, so that it exceeded by five parts. And they drank, and were merry with him.
They sat by the fireplace.
They sat by themselves.
They sat down around the kitchen table.
They sat down at every other desk.
They sat down at their desks.
They sat down between Tom and John.
They sat down by the fire.
They sat down next to each other.
They sat down next to her.
They sat down on some moss-covered rocks.
They sat down round the campfire.
They sat down, and he spoke to the kinsman: Noemi, who is returned from the country of Moab will sell a parcel of land that belonged to our brother Elimelech.
They sat down.
They sat in a circle.
They sat in a half-circle around the fire.
They sat in a semi-circle.
They sat in a semicircle around the fire.
They sat in silence.
They sat in the front row of the concert hall and heard the orchestra clearly.
They sat in the hold for almost a day.
They sat in the kitchen.
They sat in the pub while the storm raged outside.
They sat in the shade of a tree.
They sat in the shade of that big tree.
They sat in their rocking chairs.
They sat on a bench in the park.
They sat on a park bench and began talking.
They sat on the bench all by themselves.
They sat on the bench, looking at the moon.
They sat on the edge of their desks.
They sat on the grass, playing ukulele and singing.
They sat on the hood of their car.
They sat on the hood of their cars.
They sat on the roof.
They sat side by side.
They sat still as if they were charmed by the music.
They sat talking in front of the fire.
They sat there in silence, as though spellbound by the music.
They sat under a tree.
They sat under the old tree.
They sat under the pergola.
They sat up all night.
They sat up talking late at night.
They sat with their arms folded.
They sat with us a bit.
They satisfied their thirst at the spring.
They save over 80% of what they earn.
They saved money.
They saved my life.
They saved our lives.
They saved the best for last.
They saved the bread.
They saved them from death.
They saved themselves.
They saved trouble and expense by doing it themselves.
They saved two families from the flood.
They saved up for a car.
They saved up for a lawyer.
They saved us, but they could not save us from ourselves.
They saved us.
They saw Nuja at the bar this afternoon kissing another man.
They saw Paris three years ago.
They saw Pedro talking to the art teacher.
They saw Rima at the airport.
They saw Rima at the café.
They saw Tom begging in the street.
They saw Tom through the trouble.
They saw Tom.
They saw a bird on the branch.
They saw a cat climbing up the tree.
They saw a cat in the garden.
They saw a doctor.
They saw a drunk lying in the street.
They saw a drunkard lying in the road.
They saw a holographic plane flying through a massive reinforced concrete skyscraper.
They saw a mouse.
They saw a nest on the branch.
They saw a rabbit in their backyard.
They saw a rat in the subway.
They saw a rat.
They saw a shooting star in the night sky.
They saw a strange animal there.
They saw a wolf.
They saw an authority in him.
They saw an authoriy in him.
They saw both Mom and Dad in the audience.
They saw each other for the first time in Boston.
They saw each other yesterday.
They saw everything there was.
They saw everything.
They saw flowers blooming everywhere.
They saw her walking along the pavement.
They saw her walking along the sidewalk.
They saw her.
They saw him as a good student.
They saw him as a high-quality coworker.
They saw him at the airport.
They saw him enter the room.
They saw him leave the bar drunk.
They saw him throw garbage into the forest.
They saw him.
They saw his face grow stern and cold, they saw his muscles strain, and they knew that Casey wouldn't let that ball go by again.
They saw it as the brave act of a strong man.
They saw it at the airport.
They saw it too.
They saw it, too.
They saw it.
They saw jackals.
They saw leaves fall from the branch.
They saw little need for labor unions.
They saw me and ran away.
They saw me from afar.
They saw me leaving the building.
They saw me when I ran away.
They saw me.
They saw nothing.
They saw one once.
They saw one painting after another until they were bored.
They saw several pagodas while touring temples.
They saw some beautiful doves there.
They saw someone.
They saw something odd.
They saw something strange.
They saw something suspicious.
They saw the battle.
They saw the bird building a nest.
They saw the bird fly high.
They saw the boy carried away to the hospital.
They saw the branch sway gently.
They saw the drawings.
They saw the exhibit.
They saw the file.
They saw the hibou.
They saw the light.
They saw the minister.
They saw the news.
They saw the picture.
They saw the ship.
They saw the shooter.
They saw the sights of Kyoto with their family.
They saw the van plough into the crowd.
They saw the video.
They saw the waiter coming in a hurry.
They saw the waves through the porthole.
They saw the whole thing.
They saw their former employer at a conference.
They saw their names on the list.
They saw their parents arguing.
They saw them.
They saw themselves in the mirror.
They saw they had no choice.
They saw two white men carrying bags.
They saw us as they were getting off the train.
They saw us yesterday.
They saw vultures circling overhead.
They saw what happened, but not why it happened.
They saw what happened.
They saw what has been going on for months.
They saw with their natural eyes but we see with the eyes of our heart.
They saw you there.
They saw you.
They saw.
They say "the right man in the right place".
They say Australia is a wonderful country.
They say Coca-Cola dissolves teeth.
They say Cyrus is leaving the ships.
They say German is a difficult language.
They say German people live to work and French people work to live.
They say I have a dislocated vertebral disc.
They say I have a way with words.
They say I stole someone's camera.
They say I'm a war hero.
They say I'm an old woman.
They say I'm retarded.
They say I’m retarded.
They say March goes in like a lion and out like a lamb, but it's more complicated than that.
They say March goes in like a lion and out like a lamb.
They say Mario had a dream life, but some of the adventures he had weren't really enviable.
They say Mary was a great singer in her youth.
They say Tom can do it.
They say Tom can do that.
They say Tom did it.
They say Tom is crazy.
They say Tom is dead. Is it actually true?
They say Tom is dead. Is that actually true?
They say Tom is gone.
They say Tom is the best player on the team.
They say Tom is the smartest one on the team.
They say Tom is very peculiar.
They say Tom is very rich.
They say Tom is wealthy.
They say Tom once killed a man.
They say Tom's brain isn't functioning anymore.
They say Wenzhounese is hard to understand, right?
They say Zen cultivates our mind.
They say a good half of the men who have been in orbit have chucked up or gotten dizzy or something.
They say a great poet lived here.
They say a lot of things about social media, but I've made some good friends through it.
They say a tiger never changes his stripes.
They say aliens had abducted them.
They say all bats eat human blood. They don't.
They say amniotic fluid has roughly the same composition as sea water.
They say bad things about the Algerian government.
They say bread makes you fat. Is that right?
They say chamomile tea is very soothing.
They say childhood is the happiest time of a person's life. Those who say this were young a long time ago and have forgotten what it was like.
They say cockroaches could survive even a nuclear war.
They say corporate boards are questioning why they need to have staff working from expensive buildings when their white-collar employees have shown they can work productively from home by exploring the full potential of technology.
They say curiosity killed the cat.
They say dogs hear better than us. You think it's true?
They say dogs hear better than we do. Is that true?
They say e-cigarettes can be useful for those who want to quit smoking.
They say even monkeys fall from trees. I wonder when I will.
They say everybody gets what they deserve.
They say everybody they know can swim.
They say everyone they know can swim.
They say everything's bigger in Texas, and that includes absurdity in law enforcement.
They say everything’s bigger in Texas, and that includes absurdity in law enforcement.
They say fate will catch up with you. That was God's way of punishing him.
They say fate will catch up with you. That was God’s way of punishing him.
They say fine words are no virtue if they're insincere and that's him in a nutshell. He's all talk but doesn't mean a word of it.
They say fine words are no virtue if they’re insincere and that’s him in a nutshell. He’s all talk but doesn’t mean a word of it.
They say golf is like life, but don't believe them. Golf is more complicated than that.
They say golf is very popular in Japan.
They say goodbye to their relatives and get on the bus.
They say he doesn't leave the house at all any more.
They say he has never left his village.
They say he is diligent.
They say he is guilty, but I believe the contrary.
They say he is the best tennis player.
They say he is very rich.
They say he knows a lot about Spain.
They say he lives in sin with another man.
They say he lost everything he had.
They say he responded too slowly to spiraling prices in an energy market that had been deregulated to make electricity cheaper.
They say he shot him only in self-defense.
They say he sold his soul to the devil.
They say he tried to get rid of his lighter when he spotted Carabinieri officers heading toward him.
They say he was a millionaire.
They say he was a musician when he was young.
They say he was in hospital at the time.
They say he was very rich.
They say he will be back next month.
They say he's a good doctor.
They say he's a nice bloke.
They say he's a nice feller.
They say he's been dead for two years.
They say he's competent.
They say he's gone for good.
They say he's got a screw loose.
They say he's ill.
They say he's in on the secret.
They say he's rich.
They say he's sick.
They say he's the best tennis player.
They say he's the richest person in the city.
They say he's very rich.
They say housework won't kill you, but why take the risk?
They say in a single breath: "God and the liberty of man," "God and the dignity, justice, equality, fraternity, prosperity of men" — regardless of the fatal logic by virtue of which, if God exists, all these things are condemned to non-existence.
They say it does be hot here.
They say it gets hot here.
They say it gets very cold here in the winter.
They say it gets very cold here.
They say it is just puppy love.
They say it is the cry of the Hound of the Baskervilles.
They say it looks too modern.
They say it will be another fine day today.
They say it will be very hot.
They say it will rain.
They say it'll be another fine day today.
They say it'll be cloudy tomorrow.
They say it's going to be another fine day today.
They say it's going to rain tonight.
They say it's going to take some more time.
They say it's going to take time.
They say it's hot here.
They say it's huge.
They say it's important.
They say it's impossible.
They say it's incurable.
They say it's nice here in summer.
They say it's on the wane, but it's still got something, hasn't it?
They say it's the son who set the house on fire. What they don't know is if he did it on purpose.
They say it's up to you.
They say it's very cold here in the winter.
They say it's very good.
They say it’s hot here.
They say it’s on the wane, but it’s still got something hasn’t it?
They say love is blind.
They say metal boxes are great heat conductors.
They say money can't buy happiness.
They say money is the root of all evil.
They say most airplane accidents occur at landing or takeoff stages.
They say my sister is a beauty.
They say never wake up a sleepwalker.
They say nitrite is harmful to the colon.
They say nothing is impossible.
They say one's forties are a dangerous time of life.
They say one’s forties are a dangerous time of life.
They say opposites attract.
They say ordinary can be extraordinary if you dig deep enough.
They say our house is too small by Western standards.
They say peanuts are aphrodisiacs.
They say psychology isn't an exact science.
They say red wine is better with meat than white.
They say seeing is believing.
They say she and her husband can't agree on anything.
They say she and her husband can’t agree on anything.
They say she died.
They say she is our new teacher.
They say she is the kindest woman on earth.
They say she possesses the magical ability to be in several places at once.
They say she was rich.
They say she will be our new Arabic teacher.
They say she's France's best tennis player.
They say she's a good doctor.
They say she's dead.
They say she's good at cooking.
They say she's in love with him.
They say she's rich.
They say she's rushing him to get married soon.
They say she's sick.
They say she's studying several languages.
They say she's the owner of the largest collection of penguins in the land. Cuddly toys, porcelain figurines, pictures, books, postcards – it's all there. Only, she doesn't have an actual penguin yet.
They say she's wealthy.
They say she's well off.
They say snitches looking for reward money often finger innocent people.
They say so-called structural adjustment policies advocated by international donors over the past 10 years have made Malawians poorer and malnourished — and less able to fend off the current food crisis.
They say someone invented something like Haskell for quantum computers. Okay then, give me a quantum computer and I will learn it.
They say sometimes you have to take a risk.
They say sports agents are predators.
They say stress causes high blood pressure.
They say summer is nice here.
They say talk is cheap.
They say that "Hamlet" is the most interesting play in writing.
They say that Algeria is a country with plenty of red tape.
They say that Firefox is downloaded more than 8 million times a day.
They say that Firefox is downloaded over 8 million times a day.
They say that God is everywhere, and yet we always think of Him as somewhat of a recluse.
They say that Hungarian is one of the most difficult languages in the world.
They say that I'm an old woman.
They say that Isabela died.
They say that Islam does not belong in Germany.
They say that Islam oppresses women.
They say that Islam terrorizes people!
They say that I’m an old woman.
They say that Kobe beef is the tastiest in the world.
They say that Liisa's summer house burned down.
They say that Marie Antoinette was responsible for the French Revolution.
They say that Mary came to Brazil.
They say that Mary is going to return.
They say that Mary was a great singer when she was young.
They say that Mike is sick in bed.
They say that Miraflores restaurant is very good.
They say that Muslims are homophobic.
They say that Muslims hate homosexuals.
They say that Olya had a romance with Vera.
They say that Spaniards are very fiery in bed.
They say that St. Petersburg is prettier than Moscow.
They say that Tokyo is very safe.
They say that Tom Jackson was born in Australia.
They say that Tom came to Brazil.
They say that Tom did that.
They say that Tom didn't do that.
They say that Tom has a Porsche.
They say that Tom is a friendly person.
They say that Tom is the smartest one on the team.
They say that Tom is very rich.
They say that Tom is wealthy.
They say that Tom killed Mary.
They say that Tom strangled Mary to death.
They say that Tom will do that.
They say that Tom won't do that.
They say that Tom's going to come back.
They say that Venice is a beautiful city.
They say that Zen strengthens our mind.
They say that Ziri is ideological.
They say that a family that eats together, stays together.
They say that a huge dam will be built.
They say that a large dam will be built.
They say that a long time ago, a prince got trapped in his wristwatch, which fell into the hands of an evil sorcerer.
They say that a person who has perfect pitch can tell just by listening what pitch a note is.
They say that a true friend is sincere.
They say that alcohol is the best medicine, but drinking too much is poisonous to the body.
They say that an eggplant has lots of nicotine.
They say that animals aren't able to hate.
They say that as long as there's life, there's hope.
They say that asbestos water tanks represent a threat to health.
They say that away down in the village, and even in the distant parsonage, that cry raised the sleepers from their beds.
They say that beet juice can lower blood pressure.
They say that black men are more well-endowed than white men.
They say that cabbage soup made from nettles is very tasty, but I don't even want to try it.
They say that chickens are milked and cows lay eggs, but don't believe it.
They say that costs could double in ten years.
They say that death is a brief moment of suffering.
They say that didn't surprise them.
They say that doesn't bother them.
They say that doesn't matter to them.
They say that doesn't surprise them.
They say that dogs are man's best friends.
They say that driving on toll roads will end up costing you half as much as on free roads because the latter are not inspected.
They say that drug is not safe.
They say that drug isn't safe.
They say that eating chocolate makes you happy.
They say that eating more slowly is one way to eat less.
They say that every man has his price.
They say that every problem has a solution.
They say that every year the number of tourists is greatest in October.
They say that everybody they know can swim.
They say that everyone they know can swim.
They say that everything is bigger in Texas.
They say that ferns can have flowers.
They say that foxes are more cunning than any other animals.
They say that garlic repels mosquitoes.
They say that girls are going missing on this highway.
They say that girls spend more time worrying about how they look than boys do.
They say that golf is very popular in Japan.
They say that he has a lot of old money.
They say that he has been dead for two years.
They say that he hates to study.
They say that he is an able man.
They say that he is rich.
They say that he is seriously ill.
They say that he is the richest person in the world.
They say that he is very rich.
They say that he knows the secret.
They say that he took his left breath in the ambulance as he was being transferred to hospital.
They say that he was a musician when he was young.
They say that he was ambitious when young.
They say that he was born in Germany.
They say that he was in the hospital at that time.
They say that he was in the hospital in those days.
They say that he was once an energetic young man, that he studied the dead languages, and sang and even composed many songs; then something had happened to him, and in consequence of this he gave himself up to drink, body and mind.
They say that he was very poor when he was young.
They say that he will never return.
They say that he will run for mayor.
They say that he'll be back next month.
They say that he's a multimillionaire.
They say that he's still alive.
They say that he's very diligent.
They say that he's very rich.
They say that her uncle worked for them.
They say that heroes who once lived on our land are buried in these barrows.
They say that his husband is a Muslim.
They say that his uncle worked for them.
They say that history is written by the victors, but that's not always true.
They say that house is haunted.
They say that humans would go crazy if they couldn't dream at night.
They say that if a friendship exceeds eight years, it lasts forever.
They say that if you're working-class that you should vote left-wing. But what happens when every left-wing party is so corrupt that they stopped representing the average citizen a long time ago?
They say that in America anyone can become president, but perhaps that's not really true.
They say that in America anyone can become president, but perhaps that's not true.
They say that in America anyone can become president, but perhaps that’s not really true.
They say that in Japan there remain untouched forests.
They say that in Japan there remain virgin forests.
They say that in the US anyone can become President, but perhaps that is not completely true.
They say that in the United States anyone can become president, but perhaps that's not really true.
They say that in the abandoned Metro station there sometimes appears the ghost of a boy who still doesn't realize that he was decapitated in an accident.
They say that in tropical countries people usually marry in their teens.
They say that instinct makes you crave foods that are good for you.
They say that intelligence is all that differentiates us from the apes.
They say that it is for your good, but it isn't.
They say that it's going to take time.
They say that language is a virus from outer space.
They say that licorice is good for the stomach.
They say that love at first sight exists.
They say that love can heal wounds, but I say that a new dawn is a better cure.
They say that love is blind.
They say that love of money is the root of all evil. This is also true of lack of money.
They say that man works miracles, that he can cure people by just looking at them.
They say that many Buddhist monks have exceptional abilities like levitation, abandoning the body and later returning to it at will.
They say that marriage is the tomb of love.
They say that money can't buy happiness.
They say that museum has a Picasso and three Renoirs.
They say that museum's got a Picasso and three Renoirs.
They say that music soothes the savage beast, but for me personally, it neither relaxes me nor calms me.
They say that no two snowflakes are the same.
They say that old house is haunted.
They say that on Columbus Day, Christopher Columbus's ghost rises up from its grave and flies around the world, punishing the bad boys and girls who don't believe in Christopher Columbus.
They say that on Columbus Day, Christopher Columbus’s ghost rises up from its grave and flies around the world, punishing the bad boys and girls who don’t believe in Christopher Columbus.
They say that once upon a time, the righteous Zoroaster established in the world the religion which he had received.
They say that one look is worth more than thousand words.
They say that people who don't sleep confuse real life with dreaming.
They say that private schools are better than public ones. Is that true?
They say that seeing is believing.
They say that she has been ill in bed for a week.
They say that she is in love with him.
They say that she is very rich.
They say that she quit her job.
They say that she was born in Germany.
They say that she'll get married soon.
They say that she’ll get married soon.
They say that since it was bitterly cold in Northern Europe that winter, many people were frozen to death.
They say that someday they'll do that.
They say that tentacle porn is very popular in certain countries.
They say that that drug is not safe.
They say that that drug isn't safe.
They say that that man has a master key which opens all the doors of the city.
They say that the Vikings discovered America before Columbus.
They say that the cabinet will fall.
They say that the covid-19 omicron variant is as contagious as measles.
They say that the difference between art and pornography is all about the lighting.
They say that the first inclination which an animal has is to protect itself.
They say that the mayor takes bribes.
They say that the movie is an interesting one.
They say that the noise bothers them.
They say that the truth hurts.
They say that the typical way to make sure that you're not asleep is to pinch yourself.
They say that the war is finished.
They say that the well makes wishes come true.
They say that the wood is haunted.
They say that the woods are haunted.
They say that their goals haven't changed.
They say that their language is the most beautiful in the world.
They say that their stomachs don't hurt.
They say that their stomachs still hurt.
They say that there is a list of unlucky names for ships.
They say that there's a storm coming.
They say that there's nothing they can do.
They say that they actually enjoy dancing.
They say that they agreed to do that.
They say that they already feel better.
They say that they also have to do that.
They say that they also need to do that.
They say that they also want to do that.
They say that they always do it this way.
They say that they are fed up with the internet now.
They say that they aren't able to do that.
They say that they aren't afraid of ghosts.
They say that they aren't afraid to do that.
They say that they aren't afraid.
They say that they aren't angry.
They say that they aren't busy.
They say that they aren't coming back here.
They say that they aren't coming.
They say that they aren't concerned.
They say that they aren't done yet.
They say that they aren't giving up.
They say that they aren't going to do that.
They say that they aren't going.
They say that they aren't guilty.
They say that they aren't happy here.
They say that they aren't happy.
They say that they aren't having any fun.
They say that they aren't hungry yet.
They say that they aren't hungry.
They say that they aren't interested.
They say that they aren't lazy.
They say that they aren't planning on going.
They say that they aren't planning to go.
They say that they aren't ready to do that.
They say that they aren't ready to give up.
They say that they aren't ready to go.
They say that they aren't sick.
They say that they aren't sleepy yet.
They say that they aren't sleepy.
They say that they aren't sure that they're ready.
They say that they aren't sure they're ready.
They say that they aren't thirsty.
They say that they aren't tired yet.
They say that they aren't tired.
They say that they aren't worried.
They say that they believe in ghosts.
They say that they believe that they can do that.
They say that they believe that they can win.
They say that they believe they can do that.
They say that they believe they can win.
They say that they can afford it.
They say that they can already do that.
They say that they can change that.
They say that they can do that already.
They say that they can do that blindfolded.
They say that they can do that for you.
They say that they can do that today.
They say that they can fix anything.
They say that they can help us today.
They say that they can help us.
They say that they can pay for it.
They say that they can predict the future.
They say that they can see ghosts.
They say that they can swim well.
They say that they can write songs.
They say that they can't believe anybody.
They say that they can't believe anyone.
They say that they can't do that yet.
They say that they can't do that.
They say that they can't eat any more.
They say that they can't eat nuts.
They say that they can't find their hats.
They say that they can't go any further.
They say that they can't help.
They say that they can't remember things.
They say that they can't sing well.
They say that they can't sing.
They say that they can't sleep.
They say that they can't speak French.
They say that they can't stand doing that.
They say that they can't stay for dinner.
They say that they can't stay long.
They say that they can't trust anybody.
They say that they can't wait any longer.
They say that they can't wait that long.
They say that they can't walk another step.
They say that they can't walk any further.
They say that they can't win.
They say that they come here every year.
They say that they cook well.
They say that they declined that deal.
They say that they definitely won't win.
They say that they did it for the money.
They say that they did just fine.
They say that they did nothing illegal.
They say that they did nothing wrong.
They say that they did that for the money.
They say that they did that last week.
They say that they did that.
They say that they didn't agree to do that.
They say that they didn't cry.
They say that they didn't do it.
They say that they didn't do that.
They say that they didn't have insurance.
They say that they didn't have to do that.
They say that they didn't know about it.
They say that they didn't know what to do.
They say that they didn't need to do that.
They say that they didn't plan to do that.
They say that they didn't see anybody.
They say that they didn't see anything.
They say that they didn't study French.
They say that they didn't swim.
They say that they didn't want to do that.
They say that they didn't win.
They say that they do that a lot.
They say that they do that.
They say that they don't blame us.
They say that they don't care at all.
They say that they don't do that anymore.
They say that they don't do that.
They say that they don't ever do that.
They say that they don't ever win.
They say that they don't feel tired.
They say that they don't feel well today.
They say that they don't have insurance.
They say that they don't have to do that.
They say that they don't know any French.
They say that they don't know the answer.
They say that they don't know what to do.
They say that they don't know.
They say that they don't like children.
They say that they don't like doing that.
They say that they don't like money.
They say that they don't like to do that.
They say that they don't mind.
They say that they don't need money.
They say that they don't need our help.
They say that they don't need to do that.
They say that they don't plan to do that.
They say that they don't remember much.
They say that they don't snore.
They say that they don't speak French.
They say that they don't study French.
They say that they don't swim.
They say that they don't think that they snore.
They say that they don't think that they'll win.
They say that they don't think they snore.
They say that they don't think they'll win.
They say that they don't want to do that.
They say that they don't want to fight.
They say that they don't want to go.
They say that they don't wish to do that.
They say that they dream in French.
They say that they enjoy doing that.
They say that they enjoy speaking French.
They say that they enjoy studying French.
They say that they enjoy teaching French.
They say that they feel better now.
They say that they feel comfortable here.
They say that they feel fine.
They say that they feel like crying.
They say that they feel like doing that.
They say that they feel much better now.
They say that they feel obligated to help.
They say that they feel taken for granted.
They say that they feel the same way.
They say that they finished doing that.
They say that they followed the rules.
They say that they found it on the bench.
They say that they had left their clothes and money on board; but who, in his senses, can believe that a boat freighted with so much wealth had but a withe of osiers as its cable?
They say that they had to do that.
They say that they had to speak French.
They say that they had to study French.
They say that they hate to study.
They say that they have everything they need.
They say that they have everything they want.
They say that they have experience.
They say that they have no choice.
They say that they have no concrete plans.
They say that they have no idea what to do.
They say that they have no other choice.
They say that they have no plan to do that.
They say that they have no regrets.
They say that they have no vices.
They say that they have nothing to do.
They say that they have nothing to hide.
They say that they have other priorities.
They say that they have plans to do that.
They say that they have plenty of time.
They say that they have to do that as well.
They say that they have to do that, too.
They say that they have to do that.
They say that they have to speak French.
They say that they have to study French.
They say that they have to work tonight.
They say that they haven't done that yet.
They say that they haven't joined any clubs.
They say that they haven't yet done that.
They say that they hope that you do that.
They say that they hope that you win.
They say that they hope you do that.
They say that they hope you win.
They say that they intend to do that.
They say that they intend to win.
They say that they just want to be happy.
They say that they know what they're doing.
They say that they know why you did that.
They say that they know you.
They say that they like Chinese food.
They say that they like doing that.
They say that they like horror movies.
They say that they like it.
They say that they like marigolds.
They say that they like speaking French.
They say that they like studying French.
They say that they like teaching French.
They say that they like their new jobs.
They say that they like to do that.
They say that they lost their keys.
They say that they love me.
They say that they love us both.
They say that they may not have to do that.
They say that they might go shopping.
They say that they need another car.
They say that they need another computer.
They say that they need it today.
They say that they need more than that.
They say that they need more time.
They say that they need my help tomorrow.
They say that they need time alone.
They say that they need to do that, too.
They say that they need to do that.
They say that they need to study French.
They say that they need to talk to you.
They say that they need to talk with you.
They say that they needed to do that.
They say that they needed to study French.
They say that they never cried.
They say that they never did that.
They say that they never lock their door.
They say that they never lock their doors.
They say that they never wanted to do that.
They say that they often forget things.
They say that they only eat organic food.
They say that they ought to do that.
They say that they plan on doing that.
They say that they plan on going.
They say that they plan to do that.
They say that they plan to go.
They say that they plan to study French.
They say that they plan to take pictures.
They say that they plan to win.
They say that they really like it here.
They say that they regret doing that.
They say that they remember doing that.
They say that they saw everything.
They say that they saw something else.
They say that they saw something strange.
They say that they seldom do that.
They say that they should do that.
They say that they should wait.
They say that they shouldn't do that.
They say that they speak French.
They say that they spoke without thinking.
They say that they still can't believe it.
They say that they still need help.
They say that they studied French.
They say that they study French.
They say that they swim well.
They say that they teach French.
They say that they understood everything.
They say that they used steroids.
They say that they used to do that.
They say that they used to study French.
They say that they used to teach French.
They say that they want more than that.
They say that they want something to eat.
They say that they want their things back.
They say that they want to be buried here.
They say that they want to change.
They say that they want to come with us.
They say that they want to come, too.
They say that they want to do that today.
They say that they want to do that, too.
They say that they want to do that.
They say that they want to go home early.
They say that they want to go to Harvard.
They say that they want to help us.
They say that they want to help you.
They say that they want to learn French.
They say that they want to lose weight.
They say that they want to meet you.
They say that they want to quit the band.
They say that they want to settle down.
They say that they want to speak French.
They say that they want to speak to you.
They say that they want to study French.
They say that they want to swim.
They say that they want to talk to you.
They say that they want to talk with you.
They say that they want to walk home.
They say that they want to win.
They say that they were abducted by aliens.
They say that they were absolutely stunned.
They say that they were asked to come here.
They say that they were busy.
They say that they were confused.
They say that they were fired.
They say that they were framed.
They say that they were hungry.
They say that they weren't being paid.
They say that they weren't here.
They say that they weren't surprised at all.
They say that they won't agree to do that.
They say that they won't be busy tomorrow.
They say that they won't be here tomorrow.
They say that they won't buy any beer.
They say that they won't buy that for you.
They say that they won't come back.
They say that they won't come to our party.
They say that they won't do it anymore.
They say that they won't do that again.
They say that they won't do that anymore.
They say that they won't do that for you.
They say that they won't do that today.
They say that they won't do that tomorrow.
They say that they won't do that.
They say that they won't ever do that.
They say that they won't ever win.
They say that they won't get married.
They say that they won't go there anymore.
They say that they won't have to do that.
They say that they won't help us do that.
They say that they won't help us today.
They say that they won't help us.
They say that they won't mind.
They say that they won't need our help.
They say that they won't need to do that.
They say that they won't sing.
They say that they won't speak French.
They say that they won't stay.
They say that they won't study French.
They say that they won't swim.
They say that they won't vote.
They say that they won't wait any longer.
They say that they won't win.
They say that they would've paid more.
They say that they wouldn't do that.
They say that they'd be happy to do that.
They say that they'd be willing to help us.
They say that they'd hurt their backs.
They say that they'd like to do that.
They say that they'd like to study French.
They say that they'd like to win.
They say that they'd love to do that.
They say that they'd love to win.
They say that they'd never do that again.
They say that they'd never do that.
They say that they'd never leave early.
They say that they'd rather go home.
They say that they'd rather not do that.
They say that they'd rather not go.
They say that they'll agree to do that.
They say that they'll be busy tomorrow.
They say that they'll be busy tonight.
They say that they'll be careful.
They say that they'll be here tomorrow.
They say that they'll buy that for you.
They say that they'll call you later.
They say that they'll come right away.
They say that they'll come to the party.
They say that they'll come tomorrow.
They say that they'll come.
They say that they'll correct it.
They say that they'll do just that.
They say that they'll do that again.
They say that they'll do that for me.
They say that they'll do that for you.
They say that they'll do that later.
They say that they'll do that on Monday.
They say that they'll do that someday.
They say that they'll do that today.
They say that they'll do that tomorrow.
They say that they'll do that.
They say that they'll do what they have to.
They say that they'll do what they need to.
They say that they'll do whatever they can.
They say that they'll do whatever we do.
They say that they'll get home on Monday.
They say that they'll go with us.
They say that they'll have to do that.
They say that they'll help us today.
They say that they'll hurt me.
They say that they'll keep doing that.
They say that they'll keep working hard.
They say that they'll leave on Monday.
They say that they'll need to do that.
They say that they'll never come back here.
They say that they'll never do it again.
They say that they'll never do that again.
They say that they'll never do that.
They say that they'll never give up.
They say that they'll never go again.
They say that they'll never leave early.
They say that they'll only talk to you.
They say that they'll pay for everything.
They say that they'll quit doing that.
They say that they'll sing.
They say that they'll stay for dinner.
They say that they'll study French today.
They say that they'll swim.
They say that they'll think about it.
They say that they'll wait for us.
They say that they'll wait.
They say that they'll win.
They say that they're Canadians.
They say that they're OK.
They say that they're afraid to do that.
They say that they're almost ready to leave.
They say that they're angry.
They say that they're busy today.
They say that they're busy.
They say that they're depressed.
They say that they're desperate.
They say that they're disappointed.
They say that they're doing that.
They say that they're dying.
They say that they're eager to do that.
They say that they're eager to participate.
They say that they're exhausted.
They say that they're feeling OK.
They say that they're feeling better now.
They say that they're feeling better today.
They say that they're feeling kind of tired.
They say that they're feeling tired.
They say that they're feeling very sleepy.
They say that they're feeling very tired.
They say that they're fine.
They say that they're getting a divorce.
They say that they're getting hungry.
They say that they're glad that you're all right.
They say that they're glad that you're here.
They say that they're glad you're all right.
They say that they're glad you're here.
They say that they're going to beat you up.
They say that they're going to resign.
They say that they're going to stop smoking.
They say that they're good at French.
They say that they're good at baseball.
They say that they're good at chess.
They say that they're good at cooking.
They say that they're good at doing that.
They say that they're good at juggling.
They say that they're good at swimming.
They say that they're good students.
They say that they're happy.
They say that they're having fun.
They say that they're here to support you.
They say that they're homesick.
They say that they're hoping that they can do that.
They say that they're hoping they can do that.
They say that they're hoping to do that.
They say that they're hungry.
They say that they're innocent.
They say that they're interested.
They say that they're lonely.
They say that they're not able to do that.
They say that they're not afraid of ghosts.
They say that they're not afraid to do that.
They say that they're not afraid.
They say that they're not angry.
They say that they're not busy.
They say that they're not coming back here.
They say that they're not coming.
They say that they're not concerned.
They say that they're not done yet.
They say that they're not giving up.
They say that they're not going to do that.
They say that they're not going.
They say that they're not guilty.
They say that they're not happy here.
They say that they're not happy.
They say that they're not having any fun.
They say that they're not hungry yet.
They say that they're not hungry.
They say that they're not interested.
They say that they're not lazy.
They say that they're not planning on going.
They say that they're not planning to go.
They say that they're not ready to do that.
They say that they're not ready to give up.
They say that they're not ready to go.
They say that they're not sick.
They say that they're not sleepy yet.
They say that they're not sleepy.
They say that they're not thirsty.
They say that they're not tired yet.
They say that they're not tired.
They say that they're not worried.
They say that they're on their way back home.
They say that they're planning on going.
They say that they're planning to do that.
They say that they're planning to go.
They say that they're prepared to do that.
They say that they're pretty hungry.
They say that they're ready to do that.
They say that they're ready to go.
They say that they're ready to help.
They say that they're really sorry.
They say that they're rich.
They say that they're sleepy.
They say that they're sorry they didn't call.
They say that they're still hungry.
They say that they're still planning to go.
They say that they're studying French.
They say that they're thirsty.
They say that they're tired of doing that.
They say that they're tired of watching TV.
They say that they're tired.
They say that they're too busy to do that.
They say that they're too old to do that.
They say that they're too old to start over.
They say that they're too tired to study.
They say that they're undecided.
They say that they're unhappy.
They say that they're unsure.
They say that they're very busy.
They say that they're very happy here.
They say that they're very hungry.
They say that they're very rich.
They say that they're willing to help us.
They say that they're willing to help.
They say that they're working very hard.
They say that they're worried.
They say that they've already done that.
They say that they've been advised to stay.
They say that they've been asked to do that.
They say that they've been asked to help.
They say that they've been asked to stay.
They say that they've been told to stay.
They say that they've cut down on drinking.
They say that they've done nothing wrong.
They say that they've done that already.
They say that they've done that many times.
They say that they've done that three times.
They say that they've done that.
They say that they've heard you sing.
They say that they've just eaten.
They say that they've lost their keys.
They say that they've met you several times.
They say that they've met you.
They say that they've never been arrested.
They say that they've never coming back.
They say that they've never cried.
They say that they've never done that.
They say that they've never eaten Thai food.
They say that they've never eaten sushi.
They say that they've never grown corn.
They say that they've never seen you before.
They say that they've never studied French.
They say that they've never taught French.
They say that they've never won anything.
They say that they've taught French.
They say that they've tried everything.
They say that time heals all wounds, but it didn't for me.
They say that time is a fire in which we burn.
They say that to see is to believe.
They say that to us every time.
They say that traditional Vietnamese feasts are living museums.
They say that travel broadens the mind.
They say that traveling is educational.
They say that travelling is educational.
They say that true happiness is found accidentally.
They say that variety is the spice of life.
They say that water tanks made from asbestos can pose a health risk.
They say that when dogs bark, the caravan still moves on.
They say that when you give a tomato to your puppy, the puppy will take care of it because it thinks the tomato is something fragile.
They say that when you see a shooting star, you have to make a wish, and that this wish will be fulfilled.
They say that work ennobles man.
They say that you are wise.
They say that you can usually judge people by the company that they keep.
They say that you can usually judge people by the company they keep.
They say that you don't gain weight no matter how much you eat in the morning.
They say that you never forget your first love.
They say that you never get over your first love.
They say that you were wrong.
They say that's the way it happens.
They say that've cut down on drinking.
They say that've heard you sing.
They say that've just eaten.
They say the Cabinet will resign.
They say the Earth is spinning faster.
They say the West is nice this time of year.
They say the best fertilizer is manure, so I bought a shitload of it.
They say the decree is no longer valid.
They say the devil smells like sulfur.
They say the devil smells of sulfur.
They say the eyes are the windows to the soul.
They say the girl sold her body.
They say the gods smite evil with thunderbolts.
They say the government's new measures are counterproductive.
They say the labor market continues to improve, spending is rising, and inflation is rising closer to the modest 2 percent annual rate that experts say helps the economy grow predictably.
They say the landlord used to be well off.
They say the lockdowns and curfews were too harsh at the beginning, fatiguing populations, and that the off-and-on nature of anti-coronavirus measures has only added to distrust.
They say the machine self-cleans, but in practice, it always needs to be cleaned out manually.
They say the mayor takes bribes.
They say the moons are barely 5 kilometers in diameter and have only been discovered now because of advances in technology that include better telescopes and computing power.
They say the noise bothers them.
They say the road to hell is paved with good intentions.
They say the snow is going to melt by the end of the week.
They say the weather in the mountains changes quickly.
They say the world will end in 2012.
They say there are bright-colored frogs, but I've never seen them.
They say there are bright-colored frogs, but I’ve never seen them.
They say there are ghosts in the ruins of the cathedral.
They say there are ghosts in this old house.
They say there will be a general election this fall.
They say there will be elections soon.
They say there's a Picasso and three Renoirs in that museum.
They say there's a storm coming.
They say there's about to be a storm.
They say there's only a paper-thin difference between love and hate, but I hate what I hate.
They say there's water on the Moon. Could that be true?
They say there's water on the Moon. Is that true?
They say there’s a Picasso and three Renoirs in that museum.
They say these problems can be solved.
They say they actually enjoy dancing.
They say they agreed to do that.
They say they already feel better.
They say they also have to do that.
They say they also need to do that.
They say they also want to do that.
They say they always do it this way.
They say they aren't able to do that.
They say they aren't afraid of ghosts.
They say they aren't afraid to do that.
They say they aren't afraid.
They say they aren't angry.
They say they aren't busy.
They say they aren't coming back here.
They say they aren't coming.
They say they aren't concerned.
They say they aren't done yet.
They say they aren't giving up.
They say they aren't going to do that.
They say they aren't going.
They say they aren't guilty.
They say they aren't happy here.
They say they aren't happy.
They say they aren't having any fun.
They say they aren't hungry yet.
They say they aren't hungry.
They say they aren't interested.
They say they aren't lazy.
They say they aren't planning on going.
They say they aren't planning to go.
They say they aren't ready to do that.
They say they aren't ready to give up.
They say they aren't ready to go.
They say they aren't sick.
They say they aren't sleepy yet.
They say they aren't sleepy.
They say they aren't sure that they're ready.
They say they aren't sure they're ready.
They say they aren't thirsty.
They say they aren't tired yet.
They say they aren't tired.
They say they aren't worried.
They say they believe in ghosts.
They say they believe they can do that.
They say they believe they can win.
They say they can afford it.
They say they can already do that.
They say they can change that.
They say they can do that already.
They say they can do that blindfolded.
They say they can do that by themselves.
They say they can do that for you.
They say they can do that today.
They say they can fix anything.
They say they can help us today.
They say they can help us.
They say they can pay for it.
They say they can predict the future.
They say they can see ghosts.
They say they can swim well.
They say they can wait a long time.
They say they can write songs.
They say they can't believe anybody.
They say they can't believe anyone.
They say they can't compete with low-priced foreign products.
They say they can't do that yet.
They say they can't do that.
They say they can't eat any more.
They say they can't eat nuts.
They say they can't find their hats.
They say they can't go any further.
They say they can't help.
They say they can't remember things.
They say they can't sing well.
They say they can't sing.
They say they can't sleep.
They say they can't speak French.
They say they can't stand doing that.
They say they can't stay for dinner.
They say they can't stay long.
They say they can't trust anybody.
They say they can't trust themselves.
They say they can't wait a long time.
They say they can't wait any longer.
They say they can't wait that long.
They say they can't walk another step.
They say they can't walk any further.
They say they can't win.
They say they cannot compete with low-priced foreign products.
They say they come here every year.
They say they cook well.
They say they declined that deal.
They say they definitely won't win.
They say they did it for the money.
They say they did just fine.
They say they did nothing illegal.
They say they did nothing wrong.
They say they did that for the money.
They say they did that last week.
They say they did that.
They say they didn't agree to do that.
They say they didn't cry.
They say they didn't do it.
They say they didn't do that.
They say they didn't have a lawyer.
They say they didn't have insurance.
They say they didn't have lawyers.
They say they didn't have to do that.
They say they didn't know about it.
They say they didn't know what to do.
They say they didn't need to do that.
They say they didn't plan to do that.
They say they didn't see anybody.
They say they didn't see anything.
They say they didn't study French.
They say they didn't swim.
They say they didn't want to do that.
They say they didn't win.
They say they do that a lot.
They say they do that.
They say they don't blame us.
They say they don't care at all.
They say they don't do that anymore.
They say they don't do that.
They say they don't ever do that.
They say they don't ever win.
They say they don't feel tired.
They say they don't feel well today.
They say they don't have a lawyer.
They say they don't have insurance.
They say they don't have lawyers.
They say they don't have to do that.
They say they don't know any French.
They say they don't know the answer.
They say they don't know what to do.
They say they don't know.
They say they don't like children.
They say they don't like doing that.
They say they don't like money.
They say they don't like to do that.
They say they don't mind.
They say they don't need money.
They say they don't need our help.
They say they don't need to do that.
They say they don't pay them to think.
They say they don't plan to do that.
They say they don't remember much.
They say they don't snore.
They say they don't speak French.
They say they don't study French.
They say they don't swim.
They say they don't think that they snore.
They say they don't think that they'll win.
They say they don't think they snore.
They say they don't think they'll win.
They say they don't want a party.
They say they don't want to do that.
They say they don't want to fight.
They say they don't want to go.
They say they don't wish to do that.
They say they dream in French.
They say they enjoy doing that.
They say they enjoy speaking French.
They say they enjoy studying French.
They say they enjoy teaching French.
They say they feel a little better.
They say they feel better now.
They say they feel comfortable here.
They say they feel fine.
They say they feel like crying.
They say they feel like doing that.
They say they feel much better now.
They say they feel obligated to help.
They say they feel taken for granted.
They say they feel the same way.
They say they finished doing that.
They say they followed the rules.
They say they found it on the bench.
They say they had to do that.
They say they had to speak French.
They say they had to study French.
They say they hate cleaning their rooms.
They say they hate to study.
They say they have a lot of friends.
They say they have a lot of money.
They say they have a lot of old stamps.
They say they have a lot to do today.
They say they have a lot to do.
They say they have a plan.
They say they have everything they need.
They say they have everything they want.
They say they have experience.
They say they have no choice.
They say they have no concrete plans.
They say they have no idea what to do.
They say they have no other choice.
They say they have no plan to do that.
They say they have no regrets.
They say they have no vices.
They say they have nothing to do.
They say they have nothing to hide.
They say they have other priorities.
They say they have plans to do that.
They say they have plenty of time.
They say they have stomachaches.
They say they have to do that.
They say they have to speak French.
They say they have to study French.
They say they have to work tonight.
They say they haven't joined any clubs.
They say they hope that you do that.
They say they hope that you win.
They say they hope you do that.
They say they hope you win.
They say they intend to do that.
They say they intend to win.
They say they just want to be happy.
They say they know what they're doing.
They say they know why you did that.
They say they know you.
They say they like Chinese food.
They say they like doing that.
They say they like horror movies.
They say they like it.
They say they like living by themselves.
They say they like marigolds.
They say they like speaking French.
They say they like studying French.
They say they like teaching French.
They say they like their new jobs.
They say they like to do that.
They say they lost their keys.
They say they love me.
They say they love us both.
They say they may not have to do that.
They say they might go shopping.
They say they need a break, too.
They say they need a vacation.
They say they need another car.
They say they need another computer.
They say they need help.
They say they need it today.
They say they need more than that.
They say they need more time.
They say they need my help tomorrow.
They say they need time alone.
They say they need to do that, too.
They say they need to do that.
They say they need to get more sleep.
They say they need to study French.
They say they need to talk to you.
They say they need to talk with you.
They say they needed to do that.
They say they needed to study French.
They say they never cried.
They say they never did that.
They say they never lock their door.
They say they never lock their doors.
They say they never wanted to do that.
They say they often forget things.
They say they only eat organic food.
They say they ought to do that.
They say they plan on doing that.
They say they plan on going.
They say they plan to do that.
They say they plan to go.
They say they plan to study French.
They say they plan to take pictures.
They say they plan to win.
They say they really like it here.
They say they regret doing that.
They say they remember doing that.
They say they saw everything.
They say they saw something else.
They say they saw something strange.
They say they seldom do that.
They say they should do that.
They say they should wait.
They say they shouldn't do that.
They say they speak French.
They say they spoke without thinking.
They say they still can't believe it.
They say they still do that a lot.
They say they still need help.
They say they studied French.
They say they study French.
They say they swim well.
They say they taught themselves French.
They say they teach French.
They say they understood everything.
They say they used steroids.
They say they used to do that.
They say they used to study French.
They say they used to teach French.
They say they want more than that.
They say they want something to eat.
They say they want their things back.
They say they want to be buried here.
They say they want to be teachers.
They say they want to build a house.
They say they want to build houses.
They say they want to buy a new car.
They say they want to buy new cars.
They say they want to change.
They say they want to come with us.
They say they want to come, too.
They say they want to do that today.
They say they want to do that, too.
They say they want to do that.
They say they want to go home early.
They say they want to go to Harvard.
They say they want to help us.
They say they want to help you.
They say they want to learn French.
They say they want to lose weight.
They say they want to meet you.
They say they want to quit the band.
They say they want to quit their jobs.
They say they want to settle down.
They say they want to speak French.
They say they want to speak to you.
They say they want to study French.
They say they want to swim.
They say they want to talk to you.
They say they want to talk with you.
They say they want to walk home.
They say they want to win.
They say they wanted to do that.
They say they were abducted by aliens.
They say they were absolutely stunned.
They say they were asked to come here.
They say they were busy.
They say they were confused.
They say they were fired.
They say they were framed.
They say they were hungry.
They say they weren't being paid.
They say they weren't here.
They say they weren't surprised at all.
They say they won't agree to do that.
They say they won't be busy tomorrow.
They say they won't be here tomorrow.
They say they won't buy any beer.
They say they won't buy that for you.
They say they won't come back.
They say they won't come to our party.
They say they won't do it anymore.
They say they won't do that again.
They say they won't do that anymore.
They say they won't do that for you.
They say they won't do that today.
They say they won't do that tomorrow.
They say they won't do that.
They say they won't ever do that.
They say they won't ever win.
They say they won't get married.
They say they won't go there anymore.
They say they won't have to do that.
They say they won't help us do that.
They say they won't help us today.
They say they won't help us.
They say they won't mind.
They say they won't need our help.
They say they won't need to do that.
They say they won't sing.
They say they won't speak French.
They say they won't stay.
They say they won't study French.
They say they won't swim.
They say they won't vote.
They say they won't wait any longer.
They say they won't win.
They say they would've paid more.
They say they wouldn't do that.
They say they'd be happy to do that.
They say they'd be willing to help us.
They say they'd hurt their backs.
They say they'd like to do that.
They say they'd like to study French.
They say they'd like to win.
They say they'd love to do that.
They say they'd love to win.
They say they'd never do that again.
They say they'd never do that.
They say they'd never leave early.
They say they'd rather go home.
They say they'd rather not do that.
They say they'd rather not go.
They say they'll agree to do that.
They say they'll be a bit late.
They say they'll be busy tomorrow.
They say they'll be busy tonight.
They say they'll be careful.
They say they'll be here tomorrow.
They say they'll buy that for you.
They say they'll call you later.
They say they'll come right away.
They say they'll come to the party.
They say they'll come tomorrow.
They say they'll come.
They say they'll correct it.
They say they'll do just that.
They say they'll do that again.
They say they'll do that by themselves.
They say they'll do that for me.
They say they'll do that for you.
They say they'll do that later.
They say they'll do that on Monday.
They say they'll do that someday.
They say they'll do that today.
They say they'll do that tomorrow.
They say they'll do that.
They say they'll do what they have to.
They say they'll do what they need to.
They say they'll do whatever they can.
They say they'll do whatever we do.
They say they'll get home on Monday.
They say they'll give it a try.
They say they'll go there by themselves.
They say they'll go with us.
They say they'll have to do that.
They say they'll help us today.
They say they'll hurt me.
They say they'll keep doing that.
They say they'll keep working hard.
They say they'll leave on Monday.
They say they'll need to do that.
They say they'll never come back here.
They say they'll never do it again.
They say they'll never do that again.
They say they'll never do that.
They say they'll never give up.
They say they'll never go again.
They say they'll never leave early.
They say they'll only talk to you.
They say they'll pay for everything.
They say they'll quit doing that.
They say they'll sing.
They say they'll stay for dinner.
They say they'll study French today.
They say they'll swim.
They say they'll think about it.
They say they'll wait for us.
They say they'll wait.
They say they'll win.
They say they're Canadians.
They say they're Muslims but they're not doing what Islam says.
They say they're OK.
They say they're afraid to do that.
They say they're almost ready to leave.
They say they're angry.
They say they're busy today.
They say they're busy.
They say they're depressed.
They say they're desperate.
They say they're disappointed.
They say they're doing that.
They say they're dying.
They say they're eager to do that.
They say they're eager to participate.
They say they're exhausted.
They say they're feeling OK.
They say they're feeling better now.
They say they're feeling better today.
They say they're feeling kind of tired.
They say they're feeling tired.
They say they're feeling very sleepy.
They say they're feeling very tired.
They say they're fine.
They say they're friends of yours.
They say they're getting a divorce.
They say they're getting hungry.
They say they're glad that you're all right.
They say they're glad that you're here.
They say they're glad you're all right.
They say they're glad you're here.
They say they're going to beat you up.
They say they're going to resign.
They say they're going to stop smoking.
They say they're good at French.
They say they're good at baseball.
They say they're good at chess.
They say they're good at cooking.
They say they're good at doing that.
They say they're good at juggling.
They say they're good at swimming.
They say they're good students.
They say they're got colds.
They say they're happy.
They say they're having fun.
They say they're here to support you.
They say they're homesick.
They say they're hoping that can do that.
They say they're hoping they can do that.
They say they're hoping to do that.
They say they're hungry.
They say they're in a lot of pain.
They say they're innocent.
They say they're interested.
They say they're lonely.
They say they're not able to do that.
They say they're not afraid of ghosts.
They say they're not afraid to do that.
They say they're not afraid.
They say they're not angry.
They say they're not busy.
They say they're not coming back here.
They say they're not coming.
They say they're not concerned.
They say they're not done yet.
They say they're not enjoying themselves.
They say they're not giving up.
They say they're not going to do that.
They say they're not going.
They say they're not guilty.
They say they're not happy here.
They say they're not happy.
They say they're not having any fun.
They say they're not hungry yet.
They say they're not hungry.
They say they're not interested.
They say they're not lazy.
They say they're not planning on going.
They say they're not planning to go.
They say they're not ready to do that.
They say they're not ready to give up.
They say they're not ready to go.
They say they're not sick.
They say they're not sleepy yet.
They say they're not sleepy.
They say they're not thirsty.
They say they're not tired yet.
They say they're not tired.
They say they're not worried.
They say they're on their way back home.
They say they're planning on going.
They say they're planning to do that.
They say they're planning to go.
They say they're prepared to do that.
They say they're pretty hungry.
They say they're proud of their children.
They say they're ready to do that.
They say they're ready to go.
They say they're ready to help.
They say they're really sorry.
They say they're rich.
They say they're sleepy.
They say they're sorry they didn't call.
They say they're still hungry.
They say they're still planning to go.
They say they're studying French.
They say they're thirsty.
They say they're tired of doing that.
They say they're tired of watching TV.
They say they're tired.
They say they're too busy to do that.
They say they're too old to do that.
They say they're too old to start over.
They say they're too tired to study.
They say they're undecided.
They say they're unhappy.
They say they're unsure.
They say they're very busy.
They say they're very happy here.
They say they're very hungry.
They say they're very rich.
They say they're willing to help us.
They say they're willing to help.
They say they're working very hard.
They say they've already done that.
They say they've already learned a lot.
They say they've already paid.
They say they've been advised to stay.
They say they've been asked to do that.
They say they've been asked to help.
They say they've been asked to stay.
They say they've been told to stay.
They say they've done nothing wrong.
They say they've done that already.
They say they've done that many times.
They say they've done that three times.
They say they've done that.
They say they've had a hard day.
They say they've learned a lot.
They say they've lost their keys.
They say they've met you several times.
They say they've met you.
They say they've never been arrested.
They say they've never coming back.
They say they've never cried.
They say they've never done that.
They say they've never eaten Thai food.
They say they've never eaten sushi.
They say they've never grown corn.
They say they've never owned a car.
They say they've never owned cars.
They say they've never seen a panda.
They say they've never seen you before.
They say they've never studied French.
They say they've never taught French.
They say they've never won anything.
They say they've taught French.
They say they've tried everything.
They say this fruit is good for your health.
They say this is one of the best books, if not the best.
They say this novel is a classic, but I gave up at the prologue.
They say this old house is haunted.
They say this town is full of cozenage.
They say this upsets the natural ecosystem of the watershed by endangering smaller Everglades residents who might end up as a reptile's lunch.
They say time heals all wounds.
They say to err is human.
They say today is the day of freedom.
They say travel broadens the mind.
They say vampires are disgusted by garlic, but that's completely untrue. To vampires, actually, garlic is delicious; for example, they enjoy spicing up their hamburgers with it.
They say we are going to have a severe winter.
They say we can start without them.
They say we were sick.
They say we'll have an earthquake one of these days.
They say we're going to get heavy rain.
They say we're going to get high winds.
They say we're going to get rain!
They say we're going to get some rain later.
They say we're going to get some showers.
They say we've got nothing to worry about.
They say we’ll have an earthquake one of these days.
They say we’re going to get heavy rain.
They say we’re going to get high winds.
They say we’re going to get rain!
They say we’re going to get some rain later.
They say we’re going to get some showers.
They say whatever will get them the most votes.
They say windogos can mimic voices.
They say you always hurt the one you love.
They say you are what you eat.
They say you can judge people by the company they keep.
They say you can usually judge people by the company that they keep.
They say you can usually judge people by the company they keep.
They say you can't tell the difference between this and real butter.
They say you guys are crazy.
They say you keep hanging up on them.
They say you should consult the past if you want to learn about the future. History has a lot to teach us.
They say you should eat five fruits and vegetables per day.
They say you should use your imagination.
They say you shouldn't take rumors seriously, but that's easier said than done.
They say you shouldn’t take rumors seriously, but that’s easier said than done.
They say you're stubborn for saying that.
They say you've been ill.
They say you've got a boyfriend.
They say your Berber is pretty good.
They say, 'buy me, take me home,' and unlike clothing, shoes have a shape, they are sculptural, and some women said they almost didn't care whether they would be wearing the shoes much.
They say: "In the long run truth will triumph;" but it is untrue.
They scaled the cliff with difficulty.
They scammed him in the purchase of his car.
They scammed me.
They scanned the spaceship with a probe.
They scarcely need it at all.
They scare me.
They scare us at night.
They scared Nuja.
They scared me.
They scared one another.
They scared us.
They scared you.
They scattered his ashes at sea.
They scattered.
They schedule a team meeting.
They scoffed at our efforts.
They scoffed, but I proved them wrong.
They scored against the run of play.
They scored some goals.
They scorned our attempts at reconciliation.
They scorned the liar.
They scouted the land for miles.
They scrambled for the penny in the street.
They scrambled the signal.
They scrambled to their feet.
They scraped barnacles off the hull of the ship.
They scraped each other.
They scraped their knees.
They scraped up enough money to buy a gift for their mother.
They scratched each other.
They scratched their names off the list.
They scratched their noses.
They scratched themselves.
They screamed and ran out of the room.
They screamed as loud as they could.
They screamed at Skura.
They screamed at the kids.
They screamed for help.
They screamed in terror.
They screamed.
They scrubbed their feet.
They search for creative breakthroughs.
They searched Tom.
They searched endlessly for the song they had heard when they were younger.
They searched for Mina.
They searched for new life forms.
They searched for signs of life.
They searched for the girl.
They searched here and there looking for survivors.
They searched high and low for the missing boy but to no avail.
They searched the area between the river, the farmhouse, and the woods.
They searched the area.
They searched the house, but found no clues.
They searched the house.
They searched the museum for the famous painting, but learned that it was on loan to another gallery.
They searched without leaving any place.
They seated themselves at the table ready for lunch.
They seated themselves.
They sedated the giraffe and covered her eyes.
They sedated the giraffe and covered its eyes.
They seduced Mina.
They see Dan.
They see a flower.
They see a house.
They see another boat going into the port.
They see each other occasionally at the coffee shop.
They see each other once a week.
They see each other.
They see her.
They see him.
They see it all as a game.
They see it.
They see linguistic diversity as a cancer to be excised.
They see minority languages as a threat.
They see themselves better than everybody.
They see things differently.
They see very clearly that this is an emergency and that this cannot go on for long.
They see.
They seek the shortest way.
They seek truth in the silence between words.
They seek unity now.
They seek wisdom in adversity.
They seek wisdom in every challenge.
They seem American.
They seem a little past their peak, but even so we enjoyed the beautiful cherry blossoms.
They seem awfully sad, don't they?
They seem busy.
They seem completely absorbed in each other.
They seem confused.
They seem determined to press forward with their program of reform.
They seem extremely self-confident.
They seem fairly sure of themselves.
They seem fine.
They seem happy, don't they?
They seem happy.
They seem like code names.
They seem like cool people.
They seem moved.
They seem perfectly happy.
They seem quite busy, don't they?
They seem quite happy, don't they?
They seem scared.
They seem serious.
They seem so busy.
They seem so happy.
They seem surprised.
They seem to be concerned with nuclear weapons.
They seem to be conscious of the fact.
They seem to be enjoying themselves.
They seem to be everywhere.
They seem to be getting a divorce.
They seem to be happy, don't they?
They seem to be having a disagreement.
They seem to be having an argument.
They seem to be having fun.
They seem to be in a bad mood today.
They seem to be in love with each other.
They seem to be obsessed with Tom.
They seem to be photographs.
They seem to be talking to themselves.
They seem to be unable to look at small-pox from any other point of view than that of the vaccinationist, and thus miss the essential features of the evidence they have before them.
They seem to be worrying about nuclear weapons.
They seem to care.
They seem to go together.
They seem to have a lot on their minds.
They seem to have annoyed the referee.
They seem to have boarded the wrong train.
They seem to have everything, but that's only how it appears.
They seem to have got on the wrong train.
They seem to have had a good time in Rome.
They seem to have lost their keys.
They seem to have lost their passports.
They seem to have lost their patience.
They seem to have thought of something else.
They seem to know all about us.
They seem to know their stuff.
They seem to know what they have to do.
They seem to know what they should do.
They seem to know what they want.
They seem to like each other well enough.
They seem to like each other.
They seem to make nothing of the problem.
They seem to speak in different languages randomly.
They seem to think that they know it all.
They seem to trust you.
They seem to vanish into thin air.
They seem unreliable.
They seem unstoppable.
They seem upset.
They seem very angry, don't they?
They seem very busy.
They seem very full of themselves.
They seem very pleased with themselves.
They seem very sure of themselves.
They seem worried.
They seemed OK when I saw them.
They seemed OK.
They seemed a little hard on themselves.
They seemed busy when I saw them.
They seemed comfortable talking with each other.
They seemed concerned.
They seemed content.
They seemed different.
They seemed fearless.
They seemed grateful.
They seemed happy when I saw them.
They seemed happy.
They seemed like friends.
They seemed perfectly happy.
They seemed quite busy, didn't they?
They seemed quite happy, didn't they?
They seemed rankled but not defensive.
They seemed real.
They seemed really despondent to find that their project didn't boost profits like they thought it would.
They seemed really despondent to find that their project didn’t boost profits like they thought it would.
They seemed sad, didn't they?
They seemed spooked.
They seemed to be discussing a matter of great importance.
They seemed to be enjoying themselves.
They seemed to be happy, didn't they?
They seemed to be living a charmed life filled with hope and promise.
They seemed to be mad at each other.
They seemed to be staring more at Melissa than Lorenzo.
They seemed to be very busy.
They seemed to be very good at reading.
They seemed to be watching something.
They seemed to enjoy each other's company.
They seemed to enjoy themselves at the party last night.
They seemed to know their stuff.
They seemed to know what they wanted.
They seemed to know what they were doing.
They seemed to like each other.
They seemed to offend the referee.
They seemed to really enjoy each other's company.
They seemed to regret what they'd done.
They seemed to think so.
They seemed to want me to help them.
They seemed very angry, didn't they?
They seemed very busy.
They seemed very full of themselves.
They seemed very similar to each other.
They seemed very sure of themselves.
They seemed very tired, didn't they?
They seized him and took him to Fort Monroe, Virginia.
They seldom do that by themselves.
They seldom eat with their families.
They seldom forget to pay their rent.
They seldom go canoeing by themselves.
They seldom go hiking by themselves.
They seldom put sugar in their coffee.
They seldom talk about themselves.
They seldom use their phones.
They seldom watch television these days.
They seldom, if ever, quarrel with each other.
They seldom, if ever, speak in French.
They selected an artist to paint the wall.
They selected blue curtains for the living room.
They selected the world's best artists to paint the wall.
They sell Jamaican flowers in the store.
They sell all kinds of things here.
They sell all kinds of things, in this shop.
They sell all sorts of things here.
They sell antique rugs.
They sell apples at five dollars each.
They sell apples, mandarines, eggs and so on.
They sell apples, mandarins, eggs and so on.
They sell apples, oranges, eggs, and so on.
They sell candy, cookies and what not.
They sell candy.
They sell carrots at the grocer's.
They sell carrots at the grocery store.
They sell cars.
They sell cheap propane there.
They sell computers at very reasonable prices at that store.
They sell eggs at the supermarket.
They sell everything here.
They sell fish and meat.
They sell fruit, bread, cakes, and many other things.
They sell fruit, bread, pies, and many other things.
They sell furniture.
They sell good foods at that shop.
They sell imported Vegemite there.
They sell imported goods at that shop.
They sell imported goods at the shop.
They sell imports at that store.
They sell land by the acre.
They sell live fish at the fish shop.
They sell live fish at the fish store.
They sell live fish at the fishmonger's.
They sell many types of food and grocery products.
They sell meat at that store.
They sell meat at this store.
They sell meat in this store.
They sell old carpets.
They sell old rugs.
They sell shoes at that store.
They sell shoes.
They sell some really cool stuff here.
They sell sporting goods.
They sell sugar and salt at that store.
They sell sugar at the store.
They sell textbooks at that bookstore.
They sell textbooks at the bookstore.
They sell that at a hardware store.
They sell things here that you can't find anywhere else.
They sell things here that you can't get anywhere else.
They sell things very cheap in this store.
They sell towels here.
They sell us copper.
They sell us freshly caught fish in the early morning market.
They sell used books in this store.
They sell various kinds of goods at that store.
They sell vegetables.
They send against me such people, whom you would not justly believe.
They send ambassadors to apologize.
They send their child to a part-time nursery.
They send us spare parts.
They send us to the farm.
They sent Lucy to prison for ten years.
They sent Tom there instead of me.
They sent Tom there so that he could rescue them.
They sent Tom to clear the snow.
They sent Tom to his death.
They sent a crew to reignite the Sun.
They sent agents to agitate the local people.
They sent ambassador Tom Jackson as far away from Washington as they ever could.
They sent another message to King George.
They sent for a doctor at once.
They sent for the best hairdressers they could get to make up their hair in fashionable style.
They sent for the doctor.
They sent him home.
They sent him to Algeria.
They sent him to North America.
They sent him to jail for all the crimes he had committed.
They sent him to prison in 1925.
They sent me a free sample.
They sent me a sample in answer to my request.
They sent me a word.
They sent me away.
They sent me here.
They sent me three turkeys.
They sent me to kill you.
They sent me to save you.
They sent money to their mother.
They sent my suitcase to Boston by mistake.
They sent my suitcase to London by mistake.
They sent out a search-and-rescue team.
They sent some money to their parents.
They sent some people to live on the planet.
They sent the first man into space.
They sent the letter to someone else.
They sent the letters last month.
They sent their children to an Islamic school.
They sent their son to Europe to acquire culture.
They sent them to me.
They sent up a balloon.
They sent up an advertising balloon.
They sent us a parcel that we didn't order.
They sent us the documents by courier.
They sent us the results.
They sent us to the administration office of the factory.
They sent us to the factory's admin office.
They sentenced Socrates to death.
They sentenced her to three years in prison.
They sentenced him to three years in prison.
They separated from each other.
They separated this year.
They separated, and soon afterwards Tom left the country.
They separated.
They serenaded him in honor of his fiftieth birthday.
They seriously deserve an award.
They serve a continental breakfast in this hotel.
They serve a very good dinner at that restaurant.
They serve avocado in many Mexican dishes.
They serve cheese with wine.
They serve delicious food at that restaurant.
They serve drinks.
They serve excellent food here.
They serve food there.
They serve grilled salmon at that restaurant.
They serve halal food here.
They serve terrible food at that restaurant.
They serve terrible food.
They serve the best chip butties in town.
They serve the best chips in town here.
They serve the best cole slaw in town here.
They serve wonderful Chinese at that restaurant.
They served a delicious cake at the party.
They served customers.
They served mini empanadas at the event.
They served sandwiches.
They served the bun with a side of coleslaw.
They served the buns with a side of fries.
They served the buns with a side of salad.
They served the buns with soup.
They served the kids lemonade.
They served us berries and fresh fruit for breakfast.
They set Tom against me.
They set a new record for the duration of a kiss.
They set a new record for the longest kiss.
They set about building a house.
They set aside her objections.
They set clear objectives for the team.
They set deadlines for each task.
They set down their cups.
They set down their glasses.
They set down their luggage.
They set down their paintbrushes.
They set down their spoons.
They set fire to houses and farm buildings.
They set fire to their house.
They set fire to their houses.
They set fire to their neighbor's house in revenge.
They set fire to their neighbour's house in revenge.
They set fire to their neighbour’s house in revenge.
They set forth on the return journey early in the morning.
They set him against Tom.
They set me free.
They set new goals for themselves.
They set off fireworks to celebrate the holiday.
They set off fireworks with a great bang.
They set off fireworks.
They set out at the rooster's call.
They set out for London.
They set out for New York.
They set out for Turkey on a two-day trip.
They set out last night.
They set out on a picnic.
They set out on a sightseeing tour.
They set out on an arctic expedition.
They set out with a guide just in case they lost their way.
They set sail for New York yesterday.
They set the prisoner at liberty.
They set the table.
They set the time and place of the wedding.
They set their alarms.
They set their drinks down.
They set to work at once.
They set up a bronze statue of the hero.
They set up a camp.
They set up a company in Algeria.
They set up a fund to support the victims.
They set up a new company in London.
They set up a pole at the center of the circle.
They set up a roadblock in the canyon.
They set up a sanctuary for the giraffes.
They set up a school.
They set up a secret company in Algeria.
They set up a tent and slept together.
They set up a tent on the mountaintop.
They set up a tombstone over the grave overlooking the harbor.
They set up an observation station in Antarctica.
They set up an observation station in the desert.
They set up camp by the river.
They set up camps.
They set up the computer.
They set up their backs against the claim.
They set up their tents on the beach.
They set very low standards.
They settled in Canada.
They settled in Japan.
They settled in the country.
They settled it among themselves.
They settled near the Connecticut River.
They settled near the entrance.
They settled on the terms of the contract.
They settled our conflict when we quarreled.
They settled their accounts.
They settled their differences and became intimate again.
They settled their differences calmly.
They settled where the river flows into the sea.
They settled where the river meets the sea.
They severed themselves.
They sewed.
They shake hands instead of bowing.
They shall beat their swords into plowshares and their spears into pruning hooks; One nation shall not raise the sword against another, nor shall they train for war again.
They shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruning hooks.
They shall leave.
They shall no longer say: â€˜The parents have eaten sour grapes, and the children’s teeth are set on edge.’
They shall no longer say: ‘The parents have eaten sour grapes, and the children’s teeth are set on edge.’
They shall not pass!
They shall not pass.
They shamelessly squander our money.
They share a common element.
They share a love for music.
They share an underwear drawer.
They share knowledge openly.
They share the cooking.
They share the same aim; they just go about trying to achieve it in different ways.
They share their same beliefs.
They share their samples for free.
They shared a bottle of wine with Mary.
They shared a connection that couldn’t be broken.
They shared a flask of hot tea and a packet of biscuits.
They shared a flask of hot tea.
They shared a flask of tea.
They shared a happy childhood.
They shared a love for the Berber language.
They shared a unique bond.
They shared a warm hug that made everything feel better.
They shared an orange.
They shared an umbrella with each other.
They shared an unusual connection.
They shared everything with Grandma.
They shared everything without hesitation.
They shared everything, no secrets.
They shared feelings.
They shared glances.
They shared her blankets amongst themselves.
They shared it with them.
They shared military insights with some think tanks.
They shared reminiscences and tested their memory of once-familiar people and places, especially from the international city of Shanghai.
They shared the money.
They shared the profits among themselves.
They shared the profits.
They shared the same sense of humor.
They shared the winnings.
They shared the work amongst themselves.
They shared their experiences with me. They tried to talk about their life in America.
They shared their lunch with Skura.
They shared their lunch with me.
They shared them.
They shared thoughts.
They sharpened their pencils.
They shaved her head.
They shaved his head.
They sheared the ewe.
They sheared the sheep.
They shed tears at the news.
They shed their blood for their independence.
They shelled the shrimp.
They sheltered at a bus stop.
They sheltered under a tree.
They sheltered under an oak tree.
They shelved the matter.
They shielded their eyes from the sun.
They shifted the blame onto my shoulders.
They shine like the stars, resilient and bright.
They shone like stars in the black and dirty building.
They shone like stars in the dark, dirty building.
They shook Mina awake.
They shook hands when they met at the airport.
They shook hands with each other.
They shook hands.
They shook like aspen leaves.
They shook their fists in frustration.
They shook their heads and laughed.
They shook their heads and looked away.
They shook their heads and said nothing.
They shook their heads and smiled.
They shook their heads as they drove away.
They shook their heads in disbelief.
They shook their heads in disgust.
They shook their heads in dismay.
They shoot and cry.
They shoot horses, don't they?
They shoot them off over the lake.
They shop at a thrift store.
They shop at thrift stores.
They shopped at the mall all day long and bought many things.
They short-changed me at that store.
They shot Mary.
They shot Tom.
They shot aerial footage of Algiers.
They shot at Skura.
They shot at the British from behind trees.
They shot at us.
They shot down enemy planes.
They shot down thirty-six enemy planes.
They shot down two enemy planes during the raid.
They shot her.
They shot him down.
They shot him yesterday.
They shot him.
They shot me.
They shot my friend.
They shot the deer.
They shot the film in an actual desert.
They shot the wolf.
They shot themselves last night.
They shot themselves.
They shot this scene in Algeria.
They shot us in the back, too.
They should all be fired.
They should also be fair to others.
They should apologise.
They should apologize.
They should arrest him.
They should arrive by noon.
They should arrive by ten o'clock.
They should arrive by ten o’clock.
They should ask Tom and Mary what they'll do.
They should ask Tom first.
They should be ashamed of themselves.
They should be ashamed.
They should be disbanded.
They should be discharging him from hospital soon.
They should be done by five minutes.
They should be fair game.
They should be fine.
They should be finished pretty soon.
They should be finished shortly.
They should be finishing up by now.
They should be held to standards of privacy and discretion.
They should be helping me, not Tom.
They should be here soon.
They should be here.
They should be ignored.
They should be in their offices.
They should be in their rooms.
They should be locked up in jail.
They should be more careful.
They should be out in a minute.
They should be pardoned by the amnesty law.
They should be put in jail.
They should be respected.
They should be saving money.
They should be scared.
They should blame themselves.
They should call Dad.
They should cancel that show.
They should cancel their party.
They should change their locks.
They should clean their rooms.
They should come visit us.
They should come.
They should cost about €100.
They should create and maintain the internal environment in which people can become fully involved in achieving the organization's objectives.
They should dance with Mary.
They should decrease the sugar in these muffins.
They should disband.
They should do away with these conventions.
They should do it.
They should do that by themselves.
They should do that if they want to.
They should do that themselves.
They should do that.
They should do the same thing.
They should eat.
They should face a penalty for their crimes.
They should fight.
They should focus on music.
They should fully fund missile defense programs.
They should get here soon.
They should get to class early.
They should give me the right amount to buy a big car.
They should go home.
They should go see a doctor.
They should go there more often.
They should go to Kabylie.
They should go to hell!
They should go, regardless of whether they're men or women.
They should go, regardless of whether they’re men or women.
They should go.
They should have a noble mind.
They should have arrived home by now.
They should have been more careful.
They should have bold ideas.
They should have bought a new hoover.
They should have called an ambulance.
They should have completed the new bridge by this time next year.
They should have contacted us by now.
They should have contacted us.
They should have done it.
They should have hired someone more qualified.
They should have intervened.
They should have known better.
They should have known that this would happen.
They should have left a long time ago.
They should have noticed me.
They should have one.
They should have stopped while they had the chance.
They should have the right to decide for themselves.
They should have their children taken away from them.
They should have their eyes examined.
They should have to stop.
They should have told Mom earlier.
They should have told us they were moving out.
They should have wellies.
They should hire me.
They should investigate.
They should just cancel the show.
They should just leave.
They should keep their mouths shut.
They should know better at their age.
They should know him.
They should know it.
They should know that's impossible.
They should learn Berber.
They should leave at once.
They should let me help them.
They should let you see Tom.
They should let you see her.
They should let you see him.
They should lock Tom up and throw away the key.
They should lock him up and throw away the key.
They should make a sitcom about Tom and Mary.
They should make running backwards an Olympic event.
They should never have eaten at that restaurant.
They should never have married.
They should never have stayed at that hotel.
They should never make fun of other people.
They should never play foul.
They should not have confidence in Tom.
They should not intervene in the internal affairs of another country.
They should not talk here.
They should not wait for help to come to them from elsewhere, or they will be disappointed.
They should not waste time and money on people who will never wake up again.
They should pay me for doing this.
They should pay me.
They should pay what they owe.
They should put her up for adoption.
They should realize that true religious commands lie in the heart of every man in the form of his conscience, and that the most important are reciprocal esteem and a desire to help.
They should report Nuja to the police right away.
They should resign as soon as possible.
They should resign while there is still time.
They should respect our rights.
They should revoke the driving license of motorcyclists who drive on the sidewalk.
They should rule who are able to rule best.
They should shut up!
They should sit with Tom.
They should start heating up.
They should start their own companies.
They should start their own company.
They should start to heat up.
They should stay away from people like that.
They should stay where they are.
They should stay.
They should sue Tom.
They should sue her.
They should sue him.
They should sue you.
They should take Tom's license away.
They should take the advice.
They should take their medication.
They should talk to Tom.
They should talk to their lawyer.
They should talk to their lawyers.
They should teach this in schools.
They should tell Tom Mary doesn't have to do that.
They should tell the kids about the relationship.
They should thank Tom.
They should thank him.
They should thank me.
They should treat people with more respect.
They should use it.
They should wait for the police to come.
They should wash their faces.
They should wash their feces.
They should work on Monday.
They should've anticipated that.
They should've been interviewed.
They should've been more careful.
They should've contacted us by now.
They should've contacted us.
They should've danced with Mary.
They should've done that by themselves.
They should've done that themselves.
They should've filled up their tank.
They should've filled up their tanks.
They should've foreseen it.
They should've foreseen this.
They should've got the train going in the opposite direction.
They should've hired someone more qualified.
They should've intervened.
They should've kept their mouths shut.
They should've known better.
They should've known that this would happen.
They should've let me talk to them.
They should've never done that.
They should've never quit their jobs.
They should've noticed me.
They should've paid more attention at school.
They should've picked a different voice actor.
They should've started from scratch.
They should've stayed away.
They should've stayed where they were.
They should've taken the train in the opposite direction.
They should've told us sooner.
They shouldn't be allowed out.
They shouldn't be doing that.
They shouldn't be in Kabylie, Algeria, for so long.
They shouldn't be playing video games tonight.
They shouldn't catch you talking to me.
They shouldn't come here.
They shouldn't do that by themselves.
They shouldn't get to do that.
They shouldn't go by themselves.
They shouldn't go out.
They shouldn't go there by themselves.
They shouldn't have come to this concert.
They shouldn't have done what they did.
They shouldn't have gone to that concert.
They shouldn't have made fun of us.
They shouldn't have quit their jobs.
They shouldn't have risked their lives.
They shouldn't have signed a confession.
They shouldn't have stopped so quickly.
They shouldn't have sued us.
They shouldn't have to apologize.
They shouldn't have written that.
They shouldn't intervene in the internal affairs of another state.
They shouldn't let children swim in that river.
They shouldn't respond immediately.
They shouldn't smoke.
They shouldn't trust Tom.
They shouldn't trust her.
They shouldn't trust him.
They shouldn’t let children swim in that river.
They shout over each other.
They shouted as loud as they could.
They shouted as loudly as they could.
They shouted at the top of their lungs.
They shouted at the top of their voices.
They shouted at the top of voices.
They shouted at the waitress.
They shouted for help.
They shouted that they were OK.
They shouted!
They shouted, but nobody heard them.
They shoved me into the lockers.
They shoved off.
They show no compassion for the wounded.
They show no remorse for their misdeeds, but continue to commit one crime after another.
They show their season-tickets to the bus driver, or buy tickets.
They showcase their art at festivals.
They showed Linda that.
They showed Nuja the other side of the mansion.
They showed Rima the money.
They showed Skura the photo.
They showed Skura the way.
They showed Tom round the devastated village.
They showed a clean pair of heels.
They showed a complete lack of understanding for Muslim converts.
They showed each other their wounds, talked about their battles, their travels.
They showed it to our company.
They showed me a card.
They showed me a lot of beautiful photos.
They showed me a lot of nice pictures.
They showed me a picture of their car.
They showed me an organigram of the Algerian company.
They showed me pictures of their cars.
They showed me the organization chart of the Algerian company.
They showed me their garden yesterday.
They showed me their gardens yesterday.
They showed me their new guitars.
They showed me their photo album.
They showed me their photo albums.
They showed me their portfolios.
They showed me their rooms.
They showed me their schedule.
They showed me their schedules.
They showed me what they meant.
They showed me what to do.
They showed me where they found it.
They showed solidarity with Muslims.
They showed the bartender their IDs.
They showed the kids some magic tricks.
They showed the police to the closet.
They showed the scene in slow motion.
They showed their IDs to the bartender.
They showed their photo album to me.
They showed their photo album to us.
They showed their photo albums to me.
They showed their photo albums to us.
They showed their photos.
They showed their portfolios to me.
They showed their schedule to me.
They showed their schedules to me.
They showed their true colours.
They showed up Monday night.
They showed up at school.
They showed up late.
They showed up.
They showed us all their family photos.
They showed us the place where they had found Tom dead.
They showed us the way.
They showed us their photo album.
They showed us their photo albums.
They showed worry.
They showered there.
They showered.
They shunned me.
They shut his water off because he didn't pay the bill.
They shut his water off because he didn’t pay the bill.
They shut the campus again.
They shut the door after we passed.
They shut the door and went up to the first floor.
They shut their eyes again.
They shut their eyes.
They shut their laptops.
They shut their mouths.
They shut their notebooks.
They shut their umbrellas and started running.
They shut themselves up in their rooms.
They shut up their store for the winter.
They shut up.
They shyly raised their hands.
They side with Algeria's enemies.
They sighed and shook their heads.
They signed a confession.
They signed a peace treaty.
They signed a three-year contract with a major record company.
They signed a three-year deal with one of the big record labels.
They signed a trade agreement.
They signed an agreement, waiving the fee so that they could proceed in opening their business sooner.
They signed an agreement.
They signed the contract.
They signed the document.
They signed the peace treaty.
They signed the treaty, formalizing the agreement between the two countries.
They signed their names.
They silently admired the blooming flowers.
They silently approached the sleeping dog.
They silently crossed the busy street.
They silently drank their morning coffee.
They silently entered the dark alley.
They silently followed the distant light.
They silently hugged before departing.
They silently left the crowded room.
They silently listened to the wind.
They silently navigated the narrow path.
They silently observed the sunset together.
They silently passed the note around.
They silently read the mysterious letter.
They silently sat by the fire.
They silently shook their heads.
They silently stared at each other.
They silently studied for the test.
They silently waited for the bus.
They silently washed the dishes together.
They silently watched the stars above.
They simply can't just take the risk.
They simply don't understand.
They simply need a scapegoat.
They simply need a whipping boy.
They simply need to find a scapegoat.
They simply wanted to get rid of Tom.
They sing beautiful songs.
They sing every day.
They sing harmoniously.
They sing in a band.
They sing in chorus.
They sing in harmony.
They sing well, but they can't dance.
They sing.
They singled me out.
They sipped coffee while watching TV.
They sipped their coffee slowly.
They sipped their drinks.
They sipped their hot chocolate.
They sipped their tea in silence.
They sipped their tea slowly, savoring the moment.
They sipped their tea.
They sipped their wine slowly.
They sipped their wine.
They sit every night in front of the television.
They sit in the kitchen and drink tea.
They sit in the nests!
They sit on the ground or on blankets made of the wool of the llama or alpaca.
They ski.
They skied all day long.
They skinned him alive.
They skinned the gazelle.
They skinned their elbows.
They skinned their knees.
They skip school all the time.
They skipped dinner and went directly to a hotel.
They skipped down the street.
They slammed the door shut.
They slammed their bedroom doors closed.
They slammed their fists on the table.
They slammed their lockers shut.
They slapped Silya.
They slapped their knees and laughed.
They slathered corn with butter.
They sleep in separate bedrooms even though they're married.
They sleep in separate beds.
They sleep in separate rooms.
They sleep on their backs.
They sleep on their stomachs.
They sleep rough.
They sleep together in a cave or a tent.
They sleep under the orange tree.
They sleep underneath the orange trees.
They sleep whenever they can.
They sleep with their socks on.
They sleep with their window open.
They sleep with their windows open.
They sleep.
They slept OK.
They slept a little in the room.
They slept all night.
They slept alone.
They slept at our place.
They slept at the bar.
They slept better.
They slept for five more minutes.
They slept in a barn.
They slept in and it looks like they might be late.
They slept in separate rooms until they were married.
They slept in the car because they couldn't find a hotel.
They slept in the car.
They slept in the same bed.
They slept in the same room.
They slept in the same sleeping bag to keep each other warm.
They slept in their car.
They slept in their cars.
They slept in their clothes.
They slept in their offices.
They slept on public streets, buses, or trains.
They slept on the bus.
They slept on the first floor.
They slept on the train.
They slept peacefully on the couch.
They slept restlessly.
They slept through the night.
They slept together the night before.
They slept together under the stars.
They slept under the stars.
They slept until noon.
They slept with the window open.
They slept with their clothes on.
They slept with their shoes on.
They slept.
They sliced one another.
They sliced the buns horizontally.
They slipped and fell.
They slipped away unnoticed.
They slipped briskly into an intimacy from which they never recovered.
They slipped into a different dimension.
They slipped off their shoes.
They slit their wrists.
They slowed down.
They slowly approached Tom.
They slowly approached her.
They slowly approached him.
They slowly closed their eyes.
They slowly drank their wine.
They slowly rose from their chairs.
They slowly sidestepped.
They slowly started falling asleep one by one.
They slowly tightened the noose around Layla's neck.
They slumped back in their chairs.
They slumped in their chairs.
They slung their bags over their shoulders.
They slurped their drinks.
They smacked their lips.
They smashed the carboy and poured out the juice.
They smell bad.
They smell disgusting.
They smell like garlic.
They smelled the blooming flowers.
They smelt funky.
They smelt that.
They smelt urine.
They smiled and shook their heads.
They smiled as they took their seats.
They smiled at Mina.
They smiled at Mom.
They smiled at Tom.
They smiled at each other and said goodbye.
They smiled at each other.
They smiled at her.
They smiled at him.
They smiled at one another.
They smiled at the camera.
They smiled at themselves in the mirror.
They smiled at you, didn't they?
They smiled at you.
They smiled back.
They smiled when they saw me.
They smiled.
They smoke pot.
They smoke weed.
They smoke.
They smoked in front of him, and then he learned to do the same.
They smoked their first joint together.
They smoked.
They smothered Maya.
They smuggled him to Algeria.
They sneaked out to get a closer look.
They sneezed all at once.
They sneezed.
They snuck out of the farm at night.
They snuck out.
They snuggled in each other's arms.
They snuggled tightly beneath the blankets.
They soaked pieces of bread in wine, dipping them into their ladles.
They soaked that bread, solid as clay, in very old dregs of wine.
They soaked that clay bread in wine of very old dregs.
They soiled themselves.
They sold a refrigerator.
They sold all of their belongings.
They sold all their property.
They sold cookies.
They sold everything at extremely high prices.
They sold everything that they owned.
They sold everything they owned.
They sold everything to Tom.
They sold everything.
They sold freshly baked buns.
They sold it
They sold it all.
They sold like hotcakes.
They sold me their old car.
They sold off everything.
They sold off their lands for a pittance.
They sold out their whole stock of bicycles.
They sold refrigerators.
They sold the TV.
They sold the cookies.
They sold the estate.
They sold the hotel.
They sold the old house.
They sold their car last week.
They sold their car three weeks ago.
They sold their car.
They sold their cars last week.
They sold their cars three weeks ago.
They sold their cars.
They sold their companies.
They sold their company.
They sold their farm and moved to the city.
They sold their house for $300,000.
They sold their house last week.
They sold their house three months ago.
They sold their house.
They sold their houses last week.
They sold their houses three months ago.
They sold their houses.
They sold their old car to me.
They sold them to you last thursday.
They sold us a pup.
They sold us out to the police.
They sold vuvuzelas.
They solve everything with more taxes.
They solved the problems successfully.
They solved the puzzle.
They sometimes did that.
They sometimes eat in their bedroom.
They sometimes eat in their bedrooms.
They sometimes help us.
They sometimes play baseball.
They sometimes put honey in their tea.
They sometimes talk in their sleep.
They sometimes walk in their sleep.
They soon adjusted themselves to the new circumstances.
They soon arrived at the station on the moon.
They soon became a couple.
They soon became friends.
They soon became inseparable.
They soon became quite accustomed to each other.
They soon realized that they were alone.
They soon realized that they were trapped.
They soon realized that they weren't alone.
They soon realized they were alone.
They soon realized they were trapped.
They soon realized they weren't alone.
They soon used up their food supplies.
They sought Tom's help.
They sought attention a little more than other kids.
They sought equal rights.
They sought him in order to punish him for his crime, but he escaped.
They sought meaning in exploration.
They sought medical advice.
They sought refuge in bomb shelters.
They sought shelter from the rain.
They sought to prove her guilt.
They sought to punish him for his crime but he escaped.
They sound better live.
They sound disappointed.
They sound like a married couple.
They sound like they're married.
They sound like they've been married for a long time.
They sound so alike that it's hard to tell them apart.
They sound so similar it's not easy to distinguish them.
They sound so similar that it's difficult to tell them apart.
They sounded angry.
They sounded crazy.
They sounded insane.
They sounded like they meant it.
They sounded like they were upset.
They sounded ridiculous.
They sounded the alarm when they saw the enemy approaching.
They source the materials from a local butcher.
They sowed a field of rye.
They sowed corn in the land.
They sowed their field with barley.
They sowed wheat in their field.
They spared no one.
They speak Arabic with a Kabyle accent.
They speak Berber amongst themselves.
They speak Berber as a first language.
They speak Berber as a main language.
They speak Berber better than anyone.
They speak Berber fast.
They speak Berber in this province.
They speak Berber so quickly.
They speak Berber very well.
They speak Berber.
They speak Dutch in the Netherlands.
They speak English a lot, especially the educated people.
They speak English all the time.
They speak English and French in Canada.
They speak English and Spanish.
They speak English in America.
They speak English in Australia.
They speak English in New Zealand.
They speak English in the United States.
They speak English or French or both.
They speak French in Quebec.
They speak French over in Paris.
They speak French to their teachers.
They speak French, don't they?
They speak French.
They speak German but I speak Polish.
They speak German fluently.
They speak Greek in Greece.
They speak Japanese.
They speak Kabyle with love.
They speak Kabyle.
They speak Kurdish in Kurdistan.
They speak Kurdish.
They speak Kurmanji.
They speak Low German in Bremen.
They speak Portuguese in Brazil.
They speak Russian.
They speak Spanish in Colombia.
They speak Spanish in Mexico.
They speak Spanish.
They speak Swedish, as does Karima.
They speak Udmurt.
They speak a Berber dialect highly influenced by Arabic.
They speak a refined Kabyle language.
They speak about it over the telephone.
They speak about the sponsor even in these days.
They speak about us.
They speak among themselves.
They speak in Berber.
They speak in everyday Berber.
They speak in riddles.
They speak in so many different voices.
They speak in their native language.
They speak loudly.
They speak many languages in Spain.
They speak multiple languages fluently.
They speak mysteriously.
They speak not of strength, but of grace under pressure.
They speak not with words, but with presence.
They speak of him positively.
They speak perfect Berber.
They speak quickly.
They speak quite negatively about Islam.
They speak the truth.
They speak their own Berber dialect.
They speak through their presence alone.
They speak to each other in Berber.
They speak to each other in French.
They speak two foreign languages.
They speak well.
They speak with the wisdom of old souls.
They speak with their presence.
They speed-walked.
They spend a lot of time on the phone.
They spend a lot of time together.
They spend a thousand dollars in a day.
They spend all of their time painting.
They spend all their time communicating in Berber.
They spend all their time studying.
They spend more than they earn.
They spend most of their time at home.
They spend most of their time surfing.
They spend the night together.
They spend their assets and resources to pay taxes.
They spend their time chasing women.
They spend their time mocking and making fun of others.
They spent Christmas with their families.
They spent a good deal of money on the project.
They spent a great deal of time travelling around the world and researching wine and the wine industry.
They spent a lot of money on their son.
They spent a lot of time at work, but not working.
They spent a lot of time together.
They spent a lovely time in Algiers.
They spent a really nice day on the beach.
They spent a romantic weekend in Algeria.
They spent a romantic weekend in Algiers.
They spent a wonderful time together.
They spent all day in their rooms.
They spent all the money.
They spent all their time working.
They spent an entire weekend in Algiers.
They spent an uneasy night.
They spent as much time together as they could.
They spent four hours discussing their plan.
They spent four months together in Algeria.
They spent hours in argument about the future of Japan.
They spent hours talking and laughing.
They spent hours talking.
They spent money quickly.
They spent more money today.
They spent more time kissing than watching the movie.
They spent more time together.
They spent nearly a decade together.
They spent no time with the kids.
They spent our money.
They spent part of the afternoon strolling through the city.
They spent ridiculous amounts of money.
They spent six months building the house.
They spent some more time with the kids.
They spent some time together and eventually fell in love with each other.
They spent some time with Grandma.
They spent the afternoon around the pool.
They spent the afternoon swimming in the turquoise waters.
They spent the day with Dad.
They spent the day with their parents.
They spent the entire day on the beach.
They spent the morning together.
They spent the night cooking.
They spent the night driving.
They spent the night fixing the computer.
They spent the night in their van.
They spent the night in their vans.
They spent the night making love under the moon.
They spent the night on the beach.
They spent the night on top of the mountain.
They spent the night practicing.
They spent the night studying.
They spent the night together.
They spent the night with us.
They spent the night working.
They spent the night writing.
They spent the summer gallivanting across Europe together.
They spent the weekend by themselves.
They spent the whole day at the beach.
They spent their evenings watching the stars by the ocean.
They spent their holiday in the mountains.
They spent their holiday in the village.
They spent their lives in a rural area with no opportunities, but now they're millionaires.
They spent their summer on the beach.
They spent their time playing cards.
They spent three years in prison.
They spent time together in Paris.
They spent two nights in this hotel.
They spent very little quality time together.
They spied on her while she was bathing.
They spied on him while he was bathing.
They spilled coffee on the carpet.
They spilled coffee on the newspaper.
They spilled coffee on the table.
They spilled coffee on their shirts.
They spilled coffee on themselves.
They spilled soup on their shirts.
They spilled their coffee.
They spilled their drinks on themselves.
They spilled their drinks.
They spilled wine on their shirts.
They spit on me.
They spit on us and we say it's raining.
They spit out their gum.
They spit.
They splashed cold water on their faces.
They splashed each other playfully.
They splashed out on a bottle of vino.
They splashed some water on their faces.
They splashed water over me.
They split in different directions to look for Gustavo.
They split the bill evenly.
They split their sides laughing.
They split up after a year of marriage.
They split up.
They spoilt Mina terribly.
They spoke Berber.
They spoke French.
They spoke about Esperanto.
They spoke about the weather.
They spoke again.
They spoke badly of you, but we can't say who it was.
They spoke briefly.
They spoke confidently.
They spoke for more than three hours.
They spoke ill of the captain in his absence.
They spoke in Berber.
They spoke many different languages.
They spoke of their high exam grades with understandable pride.
They spoke on the telephone with Tomás.
They spoke quietly so as not to wake the baby.
They spoke quietly.
They spoke softly.
They spoke to Tom in English and he answered in French.
They spoke to each other behind closed doors for almost two-and-a-half hours.
They spoke to each other in Berber.
They spoke to each other on the phone.
They spoke to me about their plan.
They spoke to me about their plans.
They spoke to me in French, even though I told them I wanted to practice my English.
They spoke to me.
They spoke too quickly for me to understand.
They spoke very well of you in the meeting.
They spoke very well.
They spoke well of their grandchild.
They spoke well of their grandson.
They spoke with her for an hour at school.
They spoke with their mouths full.
They spoke with their supervisor.
They spoke with their supervisors.
They spoke.
They spooked the horses more.
They spotted Mina.
They spotted Tom.
They spotted a blue jay flying.
They spotted a girl crying.
They spotted her.
They spotted him.
They spotted smoke in the distance.
They spotted the bird in the tree.
They spotted the bird on a branch.
They spotted the hyena.
They spotted the mistake.
They spotted the train in the distance.
They sprang from the bushes.
They sprang to their feet.
They spread jam on the warm buns.
They spread the Gospel all over the world.
They spread the rumor abroad.
They sprinkled sesame seeds on the buns.
They squandered our funds.
They squatted down next to their dogs.
They squeezed the medlars.
They squeezed their eyes shut.
They squeezed together.
They squirmed in their seats.
They squished the medlars.
They stabbed themselves.
They stacked the grilled chicken on the buns.
They staged their own deaths.
They staggered to their feet.
They stamped their feet three times.
They stand firm, unshaken by fear.
They stand in need of help.
They stand tall, unafraid of the future.
They stand tall, unbroken by time.
They stand tall, unshaken by fear.
They stand together, unbroken by time.
They stare at each other.
They stared apprehensively at one another.
They stared at Mina suspiciously.
They stared at Tom.
They stared at each other for a few seconds.
They stared at each other for a second.
They stared at each other.
They stared at her swimming suit in amazement.
They stared at her.
They stared at him.
They stared at their coffee mugs.
They stared at their hands.
They stared at themselves in the mirror.
They stared down at their feet.
They stared longingly at each other.
They start believing their own con.
They start for Europe on business.
They start to understand.
They started a Berber language school.
They started a drive to raise a charity fund.
They started a family in Algeria.
They started a forbidden and clandestine relationship.
They started a huge fight over air conditioning in the office.
They started a new business.
They started a vigorous discussion.
They started a vlog on Instagram.
They started all at once.
They started apologizing.
They started arguing again.
They started at the same time.
They started being friends again.
They started calling us whores.
They started canoodling.
They started college.
They started cooking.
They started coughing.
They started crying.
They started dancing.
They started dialogue with North Korea for diplomatic rapprochement.
They started drinking vodka. And I'm not sure when they stopped.
They started dropping like flies.
They started early for fear they should miss the first train.
They started eating.
They started entering into competitions.
They started fighting as soon as they arrived.
They started fighting.
They started filming.
They started finding excuses.
They started firing.
They started getting mad.
They started going to a new high school.
They started hanging out with those kids again.
They started high school.
They started hours ago, so they ought to have arrived here by now.
They started hours ago.
They started in spite of the heavy rain.
They started in the centre and worked outwards.
They started injecting Ziri's son with cross-sex hormones.
They started interning at Dad's company.
They started inviting the kids over.
They started it.
They started killing each other over food.
They started kissing each other.
They started kissing wildly.
They started kissing.
They started laughing like crazy again.
They started laughing when he told them something.
They started learning Berber.
They started learning how to make cakes.
They started looking at Lorenzo one at a time.
They started making money the easy way.
They started making plans to live together in Algeria.
They started making this car in 1980.
They started missing each other.
They started negotiating hard.
They started off as friends, but are now enemies on opposite sides of a civil war unlike anyone has ever seen.
They started off taking their clothes.
They started one after another.
They started out the following day.
They started packing their backpacks.
They started packing their suitcases.
They started packing their things up.
They started picking up stones.
They started playing music.
They started pouring the concrete.
They started quarrelling with each other.
They started questioning things.
They started reading the Quran.
They started running.
They started school recently.
They started school.
They started seeing each other again.
They started shooting.
They started shouting at Rima in Tamazight.
They started singing a country song.
They started skipping school.
They started snuggling on the couch.
They started speaking in Berber.
They started strumming their guitars.
They started studying English last year.
They started taking off their shoes.
They started taking their clothes off.
They started taking their shoes off.
They started talking and they clicked.
They started talking on the phone.
They started talking.
They started telling the kids about Abraham Lincoln.
They started that.
They started the climb under a merciless sun.
They started the meeting without me.
They started the next video.
They started their cars and drove away.
They started their own companies.
They started their own company.
They started threatening Linda.
They started to do well in studies.
They started to doubt themselves.
They started to earn fast money.
They started to empty their pockets.
They started to get impatient.
They started to get irritated.
They started to get nervous.
They started to hang out with the kids a lot.
They started to make their way to Algiers.
They started to pack up their stuff.
They started to quarrel with each other.
They started to sell a new type of car in Tokyo.
They started to take off their jackets.
They started to think about what to do.
They started to trade with us.
They started to untie their shoes.
They started to visit each other again.
They started to work.
They started uncontrollably sobbing.
They started using that house as a squat.
They started visiting Mom every day.
They started walking.
They started watching the next video.
They started wearing Kabyle dresses.
They started with five hundred wagons.
They started with simple sentences.
They started without me.
They started working here yesterday.
They started working right away.
They started working.
They started yelling in front of the guests.
They started yelling.
They starved Tom to death.
They starved him to death.
They starved the dogs.
They starved to death.
They stated that he killed the woman.
They stated that it was a flagrant violation of international law.
They stated their objections.
They stay in motels when they travel.
They stayed alert for the course of the class.
They stayed as long as they could.
They stayed at Mom's.
They stayed at a five-star hotel.
They stayed at a luxury hotel.
They stayed at a new hotel in Kobe.
They stayed at a small, but luxurious boutique hotel in the heart of Berlin.
They stayed at a very expensive hotel.
They stayed at campsites along the coast.
They stayed at home all day because of the rough weather.
They stayed at home because it was very cold.
They stayed at home by themselves.
They stayed at home with their families.
They stayed at home, because it rained.
They stayed at my side.
They stayed at the hotel for a week.
They stayed at the hotel.
They stayed at their house.
They stayed at their side.
They stayed awake all night.
They stayed away from the place.
They stayed back to take care of Mom.
They stayed by our side.
They stayed close together until night fell.
They stayed for as long as there was something to drink.
They stayed friends after they broke up.
They stayed friends all their life.
They stayed friends their whole lives.
They stayed friends.
They stayed home by themselves.
They stayed home.
They stayed hopeful despite the odds.
They stayed in Algiers.
They stayed in Kabylia.
They stayed in Kabylie.
They stayed in Rome till September.
They stayed in the band.
They stayed in the hotel where I am a receptionist.
They stayed in the kitchen, crying.
They stayed in the room with me for the whole night.
They stayed in the small square chatting and joking.
They stayed in the tent by themselves.
They stayed in the water.
They stayed in their rooms all day.
They stayed in their rooms by themselves.
They stayed in their rooms.
They stayed inside.
They stayed late.
They stayed like that for a while.
They stayed longer than they had to.
They stayed longer than they needed to.
They stayed longer than they needed.
They stayed longer than they should've.
They stayed longer than they'd planned.
They stayed married for the sake of their children.
They stayed one more day together.
They stayed out of the way.
They stayed overnight.
They stayed put.
They stayed reasonable.
They stayed the night with us.
They stayed there by themselves.
They stayed together.
They stayed up all night working.
They stayed up all night.
They stayed up late talking.
They stayed up until dawn.
They stayed where they were.
They stayed with me in the room all night.
They stayed with their families.
They stayed.
They steal stuff.
They steal to eat.
They steamed the buns for dim sum.
They steamed the buns until they were soft.
They stepped a few paces forward.
They stepped gracefully across the dance floor.
They stepped into the garage.
They stepped on board the airplane.
They stepped on one another.
They stepped onto the stage.
They stepped outside.
They stepped through a door.
They stepped through a doorway.
They stepped through an archway.
They stepped through the door.
They stepped through the doorway.
They stepped up to the microphone and started singing.
They stick the knife in the wound.
They stick their noses in things that are none of their business.
They stick to old customs in everything.
They stick together like glue.
They still attacked us, despite clearly agreeing to sign the non-aggression pact.
They still can not convert lead into gold.
They still can't find their keys.
They still clung to this doctrine.
They still communicate with each other.
They still deny that they did that.
They still deny they did that.
They still do it, don't they?
They still do that whenever they can.
They still do that, don't they?
They still don't do that, do they?
They still don't know how that attack was conducted.
They still don't know how they lost the battle.
They still don't know how they lost the war.
They still don't know how they were hacked.
They still don't know what happened that day.
They still don't know what hit them that day.
They still don't know where Tom is.
They still don't know who is responsible for Tom's death.
They still don't know who's responsible for Tom's death.
They still don't realize what they're in for.
They still don't trust Mary.
They still don't understand.
They still ended up breaking things.
They still had hopes that the trainer had for some reason taken out the horse for early exercise.
They still hadn't shown up.
They still hadn't spoken a word.
They still have a lot to learn.
They still have bread. Do you want some?
They still have many outstanding debts.
They still have the books I lent them.
They still have the nerve to talk.
They still have their coats on.
They still have to pack their suitcases.
They still have to prove that.
They still haven't been able to work out quite what her motive was for resorting to crime.
They still haven't cleaned their rooms.
They still haven't decided.
They still haven't done that, have they?
They still haven't done their homework.
They still haven't figured out how the attack was conducted.
They still haven't finished paying for their house?
They still haven't found Tom.
They still haven't found a buyer for that house.
They still haven't found their passports.
They still haven't gotten their hands on what they were seeking.
They still haven't paid all their bills.
They still haven't paid their rent.
They still haven't said that they're sorry.
They still haven't said they're sorry.
They still haven't told us the test results.
They still haven't untied my hands.
They still haven't washed their car.
They still haven't washed their cars.
They still haven't washed their clothes.
They still haven't woken up.
They still haven’t been able to work out quite what her motive was for resorting to crime.
They still haven’t found a buyer for that house.
They still haven’t woken up.
They still hope that they can do that.
They still hope that they can win.
They still hope they can do that.
They still hope they can win.
They still identify as Berber.
They still like this Kabyle dress.
They still live by themselves.
They still live in Kabylie.
They still love their jobs.
They still maintain their Berber language.
They still need to pay the cameramen.
They still pay me like crap.
They still play golf, don't they?
They still remember everything from philosophy last semester.
They still retain their Islamic and Berber identities.
They still say that they don't blame me.
They still say they don't blame me.
They still speak Berber.
They still speak a unique dialect of Berber to this day.
They still supported him and his policies.
They still use this phone?
They still want it.
They still want the money.
They still want to have coffee with you.
They still want to keep the car.
They still want you to help them.
They still went to school.
They still work in Kabylie.
They stirred their coffee.
They stirred their tea.
They stock wine in their cellar.
They stole Mrs. Hana's book.
They stole all my merchandise.
They stole all my money.
They stole apples from my orchard.
They stole away quietly in the dark of night.
They stole everything from him.
They stole everything.
They stole her lunchbox and threw it out the window.
They stole her wallet on the train.
They stole his computer.
They stole his radio.
They stole his wallet on the train.
They stole horses and cattle.
They stole it from you.
They stole it.
They stole money from their friends.
They stole my bag.
They stole my idea.
They stole my lover and all the colors of happiness.
They stole my passport!
They stole my passport.
They stole my wheelchair!
They stole my wine bottle!
They stole our jobs.
They stole the Porsche.
They stole the book belonging to Mrs. Hana.
They stole the clothes from a thirft store.
They stole the country and they gave it a different name.
They stole the money.
They stole them.
They stole your wallet on the train.
They stole.
They stomped their feet angrily.
They stood against the picturesque scenery.
They stood and put on their coats.
They stood by her and kissed her from all sides.
They stood by the door.
They stood calmly and listened to speeches.
They stood face to face.
They stood idle, instead of putting their shoulder to the wheel.
They stood in a pointless line.
They stood in line, waiting their turn.
They stood in silence for a moment.
They stood in silence, waiting for a sign.
They stood in the corner by themselves.
They stood in the middle of the room.
They stood in the moonlight.
They stood on the balcony to watch the festival in the street below.
They stood on the hilltop.
They stood on the top of the hill.
They stood on their heads.
They stood silent, not looking at each other, but looking at the evergreens which were being tossed, and were showing the pale underside of their leaves against the blackening sky.
They stood talking for a long time.
They stood tall against the storm.
They stood there and watched Tom die.
They stood there, admiring the masterpiece.
They stood there, watching Tom die.
They stood there.
They stood under the canopy in front of the store, so as to avoid the rain.
They stood under the shop's awning to shelter from the rain.
They stood up and made their speeches one by one.
They stood up and sang the national anthem.
They stood up at the same time.
They stood up for the rights of their nation.
They stood up for themselves.
They stood up for what was right.
They stood up simultaneously.
They stood.
They stooped to his level.
They stop at nothing.
They stop doing their homework.
They stopped Tom and sent him back.
They stopped and cleared their throats.
They stopped and waited on the edge of the woods.
They stopped begging.
They stopped behind the bus.
They stopped being friends.
They stopped being my friends.
They stopped by to check on me.
They stopped by.
They stopped calling.
They stopped caring.
They stopped clapping.
They stopped crying.
They stopped dancing.
They stopped deserving our respect when they said we were idiots that wouldn't amount to anything meaningful.
They stopped doing that.
They stopped filming.
They stopped going to school.
They stopped going to the mosque.
They stopped heating up soon.
They stopped here.
They stopped hugging.
They stopped in front of the bank.
They stopped in front of the entrance.
They stopped in their tracks.
They stopped instantly.
They stopped it.
They stopped kissing.
They stopped laughing.
They stopped me from speaking.
They stopped me in front of my house.
They stopped meeting regularly.
They stopped mid-kiss.
They stopped painting.
They stopped passers-by.
They stopped producing this phone because it explodes.
They stopped quarreling when I came in.
They stopped running.
They stopped shouting.
They stopped singing.
They stopped speaking to each other.
They stopped taking their medication.
They stopped taking their medicine.
They stopped talking as soon as I came into the room.
They stopped talking when they saw Tom.
They stopped talking.
They stopped that car.
They stopped the car.
They stopped the drinking water supply.
They stopped the music.
They stopped their game and stared at me.
They stopped their horses and looked at each other.
They stopped themselves.
They stopped this.
They stopped three minutes later.
They stopped to catch their breaths.
They stopped to stare at Tom.
They stopped to stare at her.
They stopped to stare at him.
They stopped to talk.
They stopped trying.
They stopped us from speaking.
They stopped visiting their relatives.
They stopped walking.
They stopped watching scary movies before bed.
They stopped what they were doing.
They stopped yelling.
They stopped.
They stormed into the quarter-finals.
They stormed out of the classroom.
They stormed out of the restaurant.
They straight up lie numerous times.
They straightened up their bedroom.
They straightened up their bedrooms.
They straightened up their desks.
They strangled Silya.
They strengthened the dikes to protect the village against the flood.
They strengthened the embankments to protect the village from flooding.
They strengthened the embankments to secure the village against floods.
They stressed protection of the environment.
They stretched their legs.
They stripped him of all his possessions.
They stripped the tree of its bark.
They strive constantly to improve customer relations.
They strive for continuous improvement.
They strive to go to the Moon.
They strive to teach French to their children.
They strolled along the beach.
They strolled leisurely along the sunlit path.
They strongly criticize Morocco.
They struck Mina.
They struck oil here recently.
They struck one another.
They struck the monster.
They struck the wall with their fists.
They struck up a conversation.
They struck up a friendship with him.
They struggle to pay their bills.
They struggled against the dictator.
They struggled to free themselves.
They struggled to keep their eyes open.
They struggled to make ends meet.
They struggled to meet their deadlines.
They struggled to pay their bills.
They struggled to talk.
They struggled.
They strummed their guitars.
They strung the electric wire from pole to pole.
They stubbed their toes.
They stubbornly went ahead.
They stubbornly went forward.
They stubbornly went on.
They stuck out their tongues.
They stuck their fingers in their ears.
They stuck their hands in their pockets.
They stuck their heads out the window.
They stuck their tongues out.
They stuck to the rules of diplomatic protocol.
They stuck to their guns.
They stuck to their plan.
They stuck with me.
They studied Berber in college.
They studied Berber together.
They studied English yesterday.
They studied abroad.
They studied at high school.
They studied culinary arts.
They studied for the final exam.
They studied from the textbook.
They studied hard.
They studied it a little bit, but they couldn't spend all day finding out what to do, so they finally picked up the other one, and the water went out again, all over the floor.
They studied it a little bit, but they couldn’t spend all day finding out what to do, so they finally picked up the other one, and the water went out again, all over the floor.
They studied the Uyghur language for two years.
They studied the depths of the ocean.
They studied the map to find a short cut.
They studied the map to find a shorter route.
They studied the map, trying to find a shortcut.
They studied the sea currents.
They studied the video.
They studied them closely.
They studied together at school.
They studied very hard so as not to fail in the exam.
They studied very hard so that they wouldn't fail the exam.
They studied, partied and traveled together to other cities in Europe.
They study Berber manuscripts.
They study English every day.
They study about the function of the brain.
They study aerospace engineering at the university.
They study at an Algerian academy of arts.
They study different artistic movements.
They study every day.
They study how art influences society.
They study human behavior closely.
They study in order that they may enter the university.
They study in the afternoon.
They study industry.
They study math.
They study modern literature.
They study the impact of art on mental health.
They study the psychology of music.
They study.
They stumbled upon it by chance.
They subjugate the meek.
They submitted the case to the court.
They submitted to their leader's order.
They submitted to their leader’s order.
They substantiated their claim by producing dated receipts.
They substituted coal for oil.
They succeeded because they worked hard.
They succeeded for a while.
They succeeded in capturing the tiger alive.
They succeeded in catching the tiger alive.
They succeeded in getting elected.
They succeeded in getting that job.
They succeeded in putting a satellite into orbit.
They succeeded in putting an artificial satellite in orbit.
They succeeded in reaching the mountain summit, but had an accident when coming back down.
They succeeded in the negotiation.
They succeeded!
They succeeded.
They successfully solved the problems.
They suck at dancing.
They suck.
They suddenly appeared from nowhere.
They suddenly changed their minds.
They suddenly dove into the sea.
They suddenly fell.
They suddenly jumped.
They suddenly left.
They suddenly realized that they were wrong.
They suddenly realized they were wrong.
They suddenly rose from their chairs.
They suddenly screamed.
They sue companies that sell MP3 players without paying them.
They sued Mina.
They sued for peace.
They sued the government for damages.
They sued the professor.
They suffer from a heart condition.
They suffer from an inferiority complex.
They suffer from muscle pains.
They suffer from osteoporosis.
They suffer from paralysis.
They suffer from the disease.
They suffer terribly.
They suffered a defeat.
They suffered a lot during the war years.
They suffered from burns.
They suffered from smog.
They suffered terribly.
They suffered unimaginable losses.
They suffocated him with his tie.
They suffocated the kids with attention.
They suggested that I should practice speaking English more.
They suggested that we should put the plan into practice right now.
They suggested to him that he go alone.
They suit each other.
They summed up the voting.
They summoned Tom.
They supplied money to him.
They supplied the soldiers with enough food and water.
They supplied the sufferers with food.
They supplied the village with water.
They supplied the villagers with food.
They supplied the war victims with food.
They supplied us with food.
They support each other through thick and thin.
They support each other's development.
They support each other's dreams.
They support each other’s dreams.
They support innovation at every turn.
They support me a lot.
They support peaceful protests.
They support the soldiers with sufficient food and water.
They supported each other through every challenge.
They supported each other through every storm.
They supported each other through everything.
They supported each other through it all.
They supported each other through the toughest times.
They supported each other through thick and thin.
They supported each other without question.
They supported her decision to pursue her dreams.
They supported his right to speak freely.
They supported the Allies.
They supported us throughout the entire process.
They supposedly have reached a deal.
They suppressed all resistance.
They suppressed the information.
They sure are full of themselves.
They sure didn’t miss out on what I provided!
They sure do that well, don't they?
They sure like oranges, don't they?
They surpass me in age.
They surpass them in age.
They surpassed one another.
They surpassed their rival.
They surprised me.
They surprised the enemy at dawn.
They surrendered their guns and horses.
They surrendered to the Allies.
They surrendered to their most toxic fans.
They surrendered without a fight.
They surrounded Tom.
They surrounded her.
They surrounded him.
They surrounded the boy and beat him.
They survived the accident.
They survived the tornado.
They survived their injuries.
They survived unharmed.
They survived, even though the building was destroyed.
They survived.
They suspect Tom came into the country illegally.
They suspect that Tom came into the country illegally.
They suspect that the fire started in the stairwell.
They suspect the fire started in the stairwell.
They suspect the outbreak started in a Wuhan seafood market, which also sold other animals such as poultry, bats, marmots, and wild game meat.
They suspected Mina.
They suspected nothing.
They suspected something was about to happen.
They swam across the bay.
They swam across the river.
They swam against the current.
They swam against the stream.
They swam against the tide.
They swam for two hours this afternoon.
They swam in a natural pool formed by the ocean.
They swam in the lake.
They swam in their clothes.
They swam out to the island.
They swam there.
They swam upstream.
They swam with the dolphins.
They swam.
They swap peace for war.
They swapped concepts.
They swear that they didn't cry.
They swear that they didn't do that.
They swear that they won't cry.
They swear that they won't do that again.
They swear that they won't do that anymore.
They swear that they won't do that.
They swear that they're innocent.
They swear they didn't cry.
They swear they didn't do that.
They swear they won't cry.
They swear they won't do that again.
They swear they won't do that anymore.
They swear they won't do that.
They swear they're innocent.
They sweated gallons.
They sweated.
They swim easily.
They swim very quickly.
They swim well for their age.
They swim.
They swindled me.
They switched off Tom's machine.
They switched places with each other.
They switched the sugar for the salt in the recipe and the results were horrible!
They swore eternal love to each other.
They swore that they didn't cry.
They swore that they didn't do that.
They swore that they were innocent.
They swore that they wouldn't do that again.
They swore that they wouldn't do that today.
They swore that they wouldn't do that.
They swore that they wouldn't ever do that.
They swore that they wouldn't leave early.
They swore that they'd do that today.
They swore that they'd do that.
They swore that they'd never cry.
They swore that they'd never do that again.
They swore that they'd never do that.
They swore that they'd never done that.
They swore that they'd never hit me again.
They swore that they'd quit smoking.
They swore that they'd wait.
They swore that they'd win.
They swore they didn't cry.
They swore they didn't do that.
They swore they were innocent.
They swore they wouldn't do that again.
They swore they wouldn't do that today.
They swore they wouldn't do that.
They swore they wouldn't ever do that.
They swore they wouldn't leave early.
They swore they'd do that today.
They swore they'd do that.
They swore they'd never cry.
They swore they'd never do that again.
They swore they'd never do that.
They swore they'd never done that.
They swore they'd never hit me again.
They swore they'd quit smoking.
They swore they'd wait.
They swore they'd win.
They swore to keep it a secret.
They swung back and forth on the branch.
They swung from the sturdy branch.
They sympathized with the miserable criminal.
They tabled the matter.
They tackle a wide variety of subjects, including political, feminist, literary, how-to, or personal (perzines).
They take a deep interest in what you are buying.
They take advantage of you because you spoil them.
They take arable land for solar parks.
They take care of themselves.
They take drugs.
They take good care of Mary.
They take good care of their car.
They take good care of their cars.
They take good care of their horse.
They take good care of their horses.
They take good care of themselves.
They take great pride in their daughter, who is now a famous singer.
They take it for granted that men and women are equal.
They take it for granted that what is new is better than what is old.
They take singing lessons at a school of music.
They take the keys with them.
They take the rubbish away every Monday.
They take the same route.
They take their boat out on weekends.
They take their jobs seriously.
They take their jobs very seriously.
They take their meals at the hotel.
They take themselves awfully seriously.
They take themselves far too seriously.
They take themselves too seriously.
They take themselves way too seriously.
They take this negative way of protesting against adult domination.
They take turns at the patient's bedside.
They take turns choosing activities.
They take up the first row of benches.
They take what they need from the surrounding forest.
They takes care of Mom.
They talk a great deal.
They talk a lot about it.
They talk a lot for nothing!
They talk a lot to one another, over the telephone and in person.
They talk a lot.
They talk about it everywhere.
They talk about music.
They talk about peace next to the gallows.
They talk about sports.
They talk about their trip.
They talk about them, they remember them.
They talk all the time.
They talk as though they were old friends.
They talk badly about people.
They talk fast.
They talk in the kitchen.
They talk in their sleep.
They talk like they know everything.
They talk non-stop.
They talk quite a lot, don't they?
They talk to each other every day.
They talk to each other.
They talk to themselves.
They talk too much.
They talk very fast.
They talked Skura into donating some money.
They talked a lot.
They talked about Algerian music.
They talked about Berber.
They talked about Islam.
They talked about Mina.
They talked about culture.
They talked about economy.
They talked about it on the telephone.
They talked about love.
They talked about me in the village.
They talked about nothing but the news in the company.
They talked about politics.
They talked about that in the mosque.
They talked about that.
They talked about the Berber language.
They talked about the future, the children they wanted to have.
They talked about their families.
They talked about their home life.
They talked about their jobs.
They talked about their school.
They talked about their schools.
They talked about themselves.
They talked about this and that.
They talked about this when he had a meeting with them.
They talked about various subjects.
They talked about what had happened all day long.
They talked about what they should do with the money.
They talked about what troubled them.
They talked about whether he should go out today.
They talked about wine and sex.
They talked all day long of nothing but how they should be dressed.
They talked all night.
They talked amongst themselves.
They talked and talked until after midnight.
They talked as if they knew everything.
They talked business.
They talked during lessons.
They talked during the movie.
They talked far into the night.
They talked for a good ten minutes.
They talked for a time of their plans and wishes . . . gravely, earnestly, hopefully, as youth loves to talk, while the future is yet an untrodden path full of wonderful possibilities.
They talked for a while.
They talked for about two hours.
They talked for hours at cross purposes.
They talked for hours.
They talked for quarter of an hour, and then, when that was over, she simply said, "Come! I'll take you to my place."
They talked from 8 until 10.
They talked good-humoredly until the dew and growing cold drove them in.
They talked in their sleep.
They talked me into staying a little longer.
They talked nonstop about everything under the sun.
They talked on the phone every night.
They talked on the telephone every night.
They talked over a cup of coffee.
They talked over the plan for hours.
They talked politics.
They talked quietly.
They talked throughout the night.
They talked to Skura Monday afternoon.
They talked to each other.
They talked to me about Algerian music.
They talked to me about their plan.
They talked to me about their plans.
They talked to me about their travels.
They talked together for a few minutes.
They talked together for four hours, and then they said not half they had to say.
They talked together like old friends.
They talked with her for an hour at class.
They taped the party.
They taped the show for a documentary.
They tapped him, then left.
They tapped on the door.
They tapped the terrorists' phone lines.
They tapped their feet nervously.
They tapped their feet on the floor.
They tapped their fingers impatiently.
They targeted gamers. Gamers.
They tarnished the village's reputation.
They taste the food.
They tasted the bread.
They tasted the couscous.
They taught Berber at a middle school.
They taught Berber.
They taught French to their children.
They taught French to their friends.
They taught her Berber.
They taught him Berber.
They taught kids to play guitar.
They taught me that.
They taught music at a school.
They taught the kids a hard lesson.
They taught their children French.
They taught their dog some tricks.
They taught their dogs some tricks.
They taught them how to respect people.
They taught themselves how to do that.
They taught themselves how to ski.
They taught us this at school.
They taught us valuable life lessons that we will always remember.
They taught you a lesson.
They taught you that?
They teach Berber at a middle school.
They teach Chinese as a second national language in Singapore.
They teach Chinese at that school.
They teach French to their friends.
They teach their friends French.
They teach them to hate.
They teach us to speak.
They teach you Berber before they admit you into the college program.
They teach.
They tease me mercilessly.
They teased each other.
They teased me about it.
They teased the new pupil.
They teased the new student.
They telegraphed that everything was all right.
They telephoned Skura again and again.
They tell me Tom can do it.
They tell me jokes, and then I forget them.
They tell me that Tom can do that.
They tell me that it's good exercise, but I'm just not into jogging.
They tell me that you're absent-minded.
They tell me you're OK.
They tell me you're a real expert!
They tell themselves that they certainly won't be able to go again on All Saint's Day.
They tell themselves that they certainly won’t be able to go again on All Saint’s Day.
They tell us funny stories.
They tell us that every time.
They tell us that it is the month of mercy. Tell me: "where is this mercy?"
They tell us what to do.
They tell what Jesus Christ did and said, and what others did and said to him.
They tell you that you'll lose your mind when you grow older. What they don't tell you is that you won't miss it very much.
They tell you this.
They tend to put the cart before the horse.
They tend to stammer, so be patient.
They tended their flocks and herds together, and carried on all their avocations in common.
They terrified each other.
They terrorize others.
They tested the beauty products on Canadian pigs.
They tested the efficiency of the cameras.
They testified against Linda.
They testified.
They texted Silya.
They texted Skura back.
They texted a friend.
They texted me.
They thank God every day.
They thanked God.
They thanked Mina profusely.
They thanked Nuja.
They thanked Skura for the book.
They thanked Tom and left.
They thanked Tom for the present.
They thanked me for helping them.
They thanked me for hiring them.
They thanked me for rescuing them.
They thanked me for warning them.
They that dance must pay the fiddler.
They that govern the most make the least noise.
They that have judgment everywhere prevail.
They that hide can find.
They that sow in tears shall reap in joy.
They that sow the wind, shall reap the whirlwind.
They themselves didn't know it.
They then were able to determine which rats were high or low alcohol consumers and divide them accordingly.
They theorized that the easily reversible adhesion of the gecko's footpads is not dependent solely on those microscopic hairs, but also on the unique internal anatomy of the lizard's foot.
They therefore don't concern themselves about using condoms.
They think I don't know what they did.
They think I'm a millionaire.
They think I'm weird.
They think Tom followed Mary home and killed her.
They think Tom was selling secrets.
They think critically about every step.
They think he just needs a sensible girlfriend to take care of his baser needs.
They think he's not right for the assignment.
They think he's not the right man for the job.
They think highly of themselves.
They think it is necessary to study the school system and educational environment of Japan.
They think it was arson.
They think it's a toy.
They think it's all over.
They think it's superfluous.
They think maybe Tom had a heart attack.
They think not, therefore they are not.
They think of no one but themselves.
They think of their buffaloes as family members. They would never eat them. They never even sell them for slaughter. And even though this is a Muslim community, they also happen to be vegetarian, not for any religious reasons, but because they really just don't like the idea of killing animals.
They think only of themselves.
They think pornography will make them feel younger.
They think that I don't know what they did.
They think that Islam is a religion of terror.
They think that Islam is anti-Jewish.
They think that Mary must've killed Tom and then killed herself.
They think that Tom followed Mary home and killed her.
They think that Tom must have killed Mary and then killed himself.
They think that Tom must've killed Mary and then killed himself.
They think that life is frivolous.
They think that maybe Tom had a heart attack.
They think that the fire started in the stairwell.
They think that the universe is some kind of hologram.
They think that their house is haunted.
They think that their houses are haunted.
They think that their legs are broken.
They think that their lives are boring.
They think that they can do that again.
They think that they can do that.
They think that they can probably do that.
They think that they can probably win.
They think that they can prove it.
They think that they can save the world.
They think that they can sing.
They think that they can win.
They think that they could do that.
They think that they could probably win.
They think that they could win.
They think that they got a bargain.
They think that they have found the answer.
They think that they have the flu.
They think that they hear something.
They think that they know everything.
They think that they know it all.
They think that they know the answer.
They think that they know what to do.
They think that they know what's going on.
They think that they know why.
They think that they might have the answer.
They think that they should do that.
They think that they should study French.
They think that they shouldn't do that.
They think that they understand women.
They think that they'll die soon.
They think that they'll get straight A's.
They think that they're always right.
They think that they're being reasonable.
They think that they're found the answer.
They think that they're funny.
They think that they're geniuses.
They think that they're getting ripped off.
They think that they're going to die soon.
They think that they're good cooks.
They think that they're good drivers.
They think that they're good singers.
They think that they're good-looking.
They think that they're in big trouble.
They think that they're in love.
They think that they're infallible.
They think that they're invincible.
They think that they're ready.
They think that they're related to me.
They think that they're smarter than me.
They think that they're so clever.
They think that they're stronger than I am.
They think that they're stronger than me.
They think that they've figured it out.
They think that we'll never take to streets again.
They think that you killed Tom and took his money.
They think that your English is really boring.
They think that your people will eventually change religion.
They think that your work could be automated in the future.
They think that'll help the economy.
They think the fire started in the stairwell.
They think the owner of the house is studying abroad.
They think their government doesn't care about them.
They think their house is haunted.
They think their houses are haunted.
They think their language is the most beautiful in the world.
They think their legs are broken.
They think their lives are boring.
They think there's something tacky about it.
They think they can do that again.
They think they can do that.
They think they can manipulate us.
They think they can probably do that.
They think they can probably win.
They think they can prove it.
They think they can save the world.
They think they can sing.
They think they can win.
They think they could do that.
They think they could probably win.
They think they could win.
They think they got a bargain.
They think they got a good bargain.
They think they have found the answer.
They think they have the flu.
They think they hear something.
They think they know everything.
They think they know it all.
They think they know the answer.
They think they know what to do.
They think they know what's going on.
They think they know why.
They think they might have the answer.
They think they should do that.
They think they should study French.
They think they shouldn't do that.
They think they understand women.
They think they'll die soon.
They think they'll get straight A's.
They think they're always in my shadow.
They think they're always right.
They think they're being reasonable.
They think they're found the answer.
They think they're funny.
They think they're getting ripped off.
They think they're going to die soon.
They think they're good cooks.
They think they're good drivers.
They think they're good singers.
They think they're good-looking.
They think they're in big trouble.
They think they're in love.
They think they're infallible.
They think they're invincible.
They think they're ready.
They think they're related to me.
They think they're smarter than me.
They think they're so clever.
They think they're stronger than I am.
They think they're stronger than me.
They think they're the only ones who appreciate money.
They think they're the only ones who want to work.
They think they've figured it out.
They think too much.
They think we left.
They think we're a gang.
They think you did all that on purpose.
They think you did all that stuff on purpose.
They think you killed Tom and took his money.
They think you're sisters.
They think you're strange.
They thought I was British and this suited me just fine.
They thought I was asleep.
They thought I was their enemy.
They thought I'd let them down.
They thought Marseilles was the capital city of France.
They thought McKinley was wrong to take the Philippines.
They thought Tom was already dead.
They thought Tom was still alive.
They thought about it a little late.
They thought about it.
They thought he didn't like the present.
They thought he had forgotten it.
They thought he was the son of the Sun.
They thought it would be too expensive to build a factory here.
They thought of giving me a gift because I helped them.
They thought only their possessions were important.
They thought she had no value.
They thought spiders might sense and use electrostatic fields in the air.
They thought that I'd let them down.
They thought that Tom is sleeping.
They thought that he was an accomplice.
They thought that the Sun went round the Earth and that the Earth was motionless.
They thought that their house was haunted.
They thought that their houses were haunted.
They thought that their legs were broken.
They thought that they could do that again.
They thought that they could do that for me.
They thought that they could do that.
They thought that they could help us.
They thought that they could win.
They thought that they had time.
They thought that they had to do that.
They thought that they had to speak French.
They thought that they had to study French.
They thought that they heard some gunshots.
They thought that they might be able to win.
They thought that they might do that.
They thought that they might win.
They thought that they must be mistaken.
They thought that they needed to do that.
They thought that they should do that.
They thought that they should go.
They thought that they should study French.
They thought that they shouldn't do that.
They thought that they were alone.
They thought that they were being cute.
They thought that they were dying.
They thought that they were going to be busy.
They thought that they were going to be shot.
They thought that they were going to die.
They thought that they were going to win.
They thought that they were goners.
They thought that they were in big trouble.
They thought that they were losing their minds.
They thought that they were no longer needed.
They thought that they were very lucky.
They thought that they'd be able to do that.
They thought that they'd be able to win.
They thought that they'd be late.
They thought that they'd be safe here.
They thought that they'd be safe there.
They thought that they'd find other jobs.
They thought that they'd forgotten it.
They thought that they'd help out.
They thought that two years would be enough to do these things.
They thought the value of the dollar was too high.
They thought the were doing the best for the kids.
They thought the words said by Louisa were her own.
They thought their arms were broken.
They thought their house was haunted.
They thought their houses were haunted.
They thought their legs was broken.
They thought their legs were broken.
They thought their lives were in danger.
They thought their parents had died.
They thought they could do that again.
They thought they could do that for me.
They thought they could do that.
They thought they could help us.
They thought they could win.
They thought they had time.
They thought they had to do that.
They thought they had to speak French.
They thought they had to speak Upper Sorbian.
They thought they had to study French.
They thought they heard some gunshots.
They thought they might be able to win.
They thought they might do that.
They thought they might win.
They thought they must be mistaken.
They thought they needed to do that.
They thought they should do that.
They thought they should go.
They thought they should study French.
They thought they shouldn't do that.
They thought they were alone.
They thought they were being cute.
They thought they were dying.
They thought they were going to be busy.
They thought they were going to be shot.
They thought they were going to die.
They thought they were going to win.
They thought they were goners.
They thought they were in big trouble.
They thought they were invincible.
They thought they were losing their minds.
They thought they were no longer needed.
They thought they were superior to anyone.
They thought they were superior.
They thought they were very lucky.
They thought they'd be able to do that.
They thought they'd be able to win.
They thought they'd be late.
They thought they'd be safe here.
They thought they'd be safe there.
They thought they'd find other jobs.
They thought they'd forgotten it.
They thought they'd help out.
They thought we didn't like it.
They threatened and denounced each other.
They threatened him.
They threatened my life multiple times.
They threatened to kill me so I gave them my wallet.
They threatened to kill me so I gave them up my wallet.
They threatened to kill themselves.
They threatened to leave.
They threatened to set his car on fire.
They threw Tom into prison.
They threw a little party in the office.
They threw a party.
They threw an awesome party.
They threw bile in my food.
They threw cans and bottles at police officers.
They threw eggs at my head.
They threw him off the balcony, but he managed to grab onto the rail, and didn't fall.
They threw him out on the street.
They threw it at me.
They threw it away.
They threw me a curveball in the interview, but I knocked it out of the park.
They threw me a curveball in the interview.
They threw me to the dogs, the wretches!
They threw rocks at us.
They threw spears at us.
They threw the balls.
They threw the hot dogs away.
They threw the keys in the water.
They threw the princess in prison.
They threw the spicy sandwiches away.
They threw their hats up into the air.
They threw their old notebooks away.
They threw them away.
They threw themselves into the river.
They threw themselves into their work.
They threw up over his grave a large pile of earth, round which they planted several trees, and upon these they hung the first-fruits of their autumnal labours. Then they poured upon the grave libations of milk and juice pressed from the grapes, and broke many pastoral pipes.
They threw up.
They thrive on creating conflict.
They throw garbage out of their windows.
They thus admit their own ignorance.
They tickled Nuja.
They tickled each other.
They tied Pinocchio's hands behind his shoulders and slipped the noose around his neck.
They tied a rope to the branch.
They tied for first place.
They tied him to a tree.
They tied him up.
They tied his hands behind his back.
They tied his hands with a rope.
They tied me up.
They tied my hands to the chair.
They tied the game.
They tied the thief to the tree.
They tied their boat to the dock.
They tied their boats to the dock.
They tied their shoelaces.
They tied their shoes.
They tied up the dog.
They tied up their animals.
They tilted their heads.
They time-traveled in a time machine.
They tire easily.
They toasted marshmallows and sang songs until they were too tired to stay up any longer.
They told Dad the news.
They told Haarezt correspondents Jack Khoury and Bar peleg that they had barely recognised him.
They told Mary the complete story.
They told Mary to stop doing what she was doing.
They told Mary.
They told Mateo not to take antibiotics, since his illness was viral and so it wouldn't do a thing.
They told Skura a story.
They told Skura about Ziri's death.
They told Tom that he had to sign a nondisclosure agreement.
They told Tom to continue where he had ended.
They told Tom to go away.
They told Tom to stop doing what he was doing.
They told Tom.
They told all their friends the news.
They told both of them.
They told everybody at work that they were going to retire.
They told everybody at work they were going to retire.
They told everybody they were adopted.
They told everybody they were afraid.
They told everybody they were bored.
They told everybody they were broke.
They told everybody they were cold.
They told everybody they were depressed.
They told everybody they were done.
They told everybody they were exhausted.
They told everybody they were fine.
They told everybody they were interested.
They told everybody they were jealous.
They told everybody they were lonely.
They told everybody they were nervous.
They told everybody they were pleased.
They told everybody they were prepared.
They told everybody they were ready.
They told everybody they were retired.
They told everybody they were safe.
They told everybody they were scared.
They told everybody they were skeptical.
They told everybody they were sleepy.
They told everybody they were starved.
They told everybody they were suspicious.
They told everybody they were thirsty.
They told everybody they were ticklish.
They told everybody they were tired.
They told everybody they were unafraid.
They told everybody they were unemployed.
They told everybody they were upset.
They told everybody they were well.
They told everyone about what they did.
They told everyone at work that they were going to retire.
They told everyone at work they were going to retire.
They told everyone that they passed the exam.
They told everyone that they were adopted.
They told everyone that they were afraid.
They told everyone that they were bored.
They told everyone that they were broke.
They told everyone that they were cold.
They told everyone that they were depressed.
They told everyone that they were done.
They told everyone that they were exhausted.
They told everyone that they were fine.
They told everyone that they were interested.
They told everyone that they were jealous.
They told everyone that they were lonely.
They told everyone that they were nervous.
They told everyone that they were pleased.
They told everyone that they were prepared.
They told everyone that they were ready.
They told everyone that they were retired.
They told everyone that they were safe.
They told everyone that they were scared.
They told everyone that they were skeptical.
They told everyone that they were sleepy.
They told everyone that they were starved.
They told everyone that they were suspicious.
They told everyone that they were thirsty.
They told everyone that they were ticklish.
They told everyone that they were tired.
They told everyone that they were unafraid.
They told everyone that they were unemployed.
They told everyone that they were upset.
They told everyone that they were well.
They told everyone they passed the exam.
They told everyone they were adopted.
They told everyone they were afraid.
They told everyone they were bored.
They told everyone they were broke.
They told everyone they were cold.
They told everyone they were depressed.
They told everyone they were done.
They told everyone they were exhausted.
They told everyone they were fine.
They told everyone they were interested.
They told everyone they were jealous.
They told everyone they were lonely.
They told everyone they were nervous.
They told everyone they were pleased.
They told everyone they were prepared.
They told everyone they were ready.
They told everyone they were retired.
They told everyone they were safe.
They told everyone they were scared.
They told everyone they were skeptical.
They told everyone they were sleepy.
They told everyone they were starved.
They told everyone they were suspicious.
They told everyone they were thirsty.
They told everyone they were ticklish.
They told everyone they were tired.
They told everyone they were unafraid.
They told everyone they were unemployed.
They told everyone they were upset.
They told everyone they were well.
They told her.
They told him about the paths.
They told him he was sure to win.
They told him he was their prisoner.
They told him they would stay there.
They told him to leave the mosque.
They told him.
They told him: "Tomorrow you are to be hanged." Hearing that did not exactly cheer him.
They told jokes about some of his movies.
They told jokes in Berber.
They told me I could use their car.
They told me I couldn't. That's why I did.
They told me I had to help you.
They told me I had to sit in the back of the bus.
They told me I should go to the doctor.
They told me I was wasting their time.
They told me I wouldn't be able to do that today.
They told me I'd be promoted.
They told me João went to live in Argentina.
They told me Tom was dead.
They told me about Islam.
They told me about it and I forgot it; I saw it and understood it; I did it and learned it.
They told me about it recently.
They told me about it the other day.
They told me about it themselves.
They told me about it.
They told me about their dog.
They told me about their dogs.
They told me about their new jobs.
They told me about their plan.
They told me about their plans.
They told me about their trip.
They told me about their trips.
They told me about what they saw.
They told me after you left.
They told me all about their families.
They told me before they told you.
They told me everything.
They told me exactly what they tell everybody.
They told me few days ago.
They told me how they got their nicknames.
They told me how to get to their house.
They told me how to get to their houses.
They told me it was a bomb.
They told me it was my fault.
They told me it was their fault.
They told me it was your fault.
They told me not to believe Tom.
They told me not to disturb Tom.
They told me not to do it.
They told me not to do that here.
They told me not to follow them.
They told me not to go there yet.
They told me not to park here any more.
They told me not to park here anymore.
They told me not to repair it by myself.
They told me not to tell Tom that.
They told me not to.
They told me so themselves.
They told me so.
They told me some things that they probably shouldn't have.
They told me some things they probably shouldn't have.
They told me that I was overqualified for this job.
They told me that I would feel a little better if I took this medicine.
They told me that Sami was dead.
They told me that Tom had already left.
They told me that Tom was dead.
They told me that she went to the store.
They told me that the cemetery is in terrible condition.
They told me that their dog died.
They told me that their dogs died.
They told me that they appreciated that.
They told me that they aren't hungry.
They told me that they aren't sleepy yet.
They told me that they ate too much.
They told me that they ate way too much.
They told me that they believed that.
They told me that they bought these for you.
They told me that they called the police.
They told me that they called you.
They told me that they can't do that.
They told me that they can't eat peanuts.
They told me that they can't speak French.
They told me that they could do it.
They told me that they could do that.
They told me that they could fix it.
They told me that they could get us what we wanted.
They told me that they could handle it.
They told me that they could help us.
They told me that they could take it.
They told me that they couldn't do that.
They told me that they couldn't help me.
They told me that they couldn't stay long.
They told me that they couldn't wait.
They told me that they couldn't walk.
They told me that they cried.
They told me that they did nothing wrong.
They told me that they did that already.
They told me that they did that for us.
They told me that they did that for you.
They told me that they did that in 2013.
They told me that they did that wrong.
They told me that they did that.
They told me that they didn't agree.
They told me that they didn't cry.
They told me that they didn't do anything wrong.
They told me that they didn't do it.
They told me that they didn't do that.
They told me that they didn't eat meat.
They told me that they didn't eat pork.
They told me that they didn't expect that to happen.
They told me that they didn't feel cold.
They told me that they didn't feel safe.
They told me that they didn't feel well.
They told me that they didn't get it.
They told me that they didn't know.
They told me that they didn't like beer.
They told me that they didn't like boxing.
They told me that they didn't like cats.
They told me that they didn't like dogs.
They told me that they didn't like fishing.
They told me that they didn't like spinach.
They told me that they didn't like swimming.
They told me that they didn't need my help.
They told me that they didn't see anyone come in.
They told me that they didn't see anything.
They told me that they didn't smoke.
They told me that they didn't speak French.
They told me that they didn't study French.
They told me that they didn't teach French.
They told me that they didn't want to go with us.
They told me that they didn't want to win.
They told me that they didn't win.
They told me that they disagreed with each other.
They told me that they disagreed.
They told me that they don't eat meat.
They told me that they don't eat pork.
They told me that they don't have any brothers or sisters.
They told me that they don't know what that is.
They told me that they don't know what they have to do.
They told me that they don't know what they should do.
They told me that they don't know what to do.
They told me that they don't like to study in the morning.
They told me that they don't really care what happens.
They told me that they don't want that.
They told me that they drink at least three cups of coffee a day.
They told me that they enjoyed it.
They told me that they enjoyed the concert.
They told me that they enjoyed the drive.
They told me that they enjoyed the movie.
They told me that they enjoyed the party.
They told me that they enjoyed the picnic.
They told me that they enjoyed the show.
They told me that they enjoyed the view.
They told me that they felt bad about that.
They told me that they felt better.
They told me that they felt cold.
They told me that they felt fine.
They told me that they felt hot.
They told me that they felt hungry.
They told me that they felt offended.
They told me that they felt safe.
They told me that they felt seasick.
They told me that they felt sick.
They told me that they felt tired.
They told me that they felt weak.
They told me that they finished doing that by 2:30.
They told me that they forgot something.
They told me that they forgot where they hid the key.
They told me that they found something.
They told me that they found their keys.
They told me that they found this in a cave.
They told me that they got here early today.
They told me that they got there first.
They told me that they grew up in Boston.
They told me that they had a plan.
They told me that they had a problem.
They told me that they had bacon and eggs for breakfast.
They told me that they had been sick.
They told me that they had colds.
They told me that they had headaches.
They told me that they had knives.
They told me that they had no money.
They told me that they had no regrets.
They told me that they had some work to do.
They told me that they had to do that.
They told me that they had to go.
They told me that they had to leave.
They told me that they had to split.
They told me that they had to stay home.
They told me that they had to walk home.
They told me that they had to work late.
They told me that they hadn't done that yet.
They told me that they hated Christmas.
They told me that they hated doing that.
They told me that they have decided not to do that.
They told me that they have just done that.
They told me that they haven't done that yet.
They told me that they heard gunshots.
They told me that they intended to do that.
They told me that they intended to win.
They told me that they knew how I felt.
They told me that they knew how to do that.
They told me that they knew the rules.
They told me that they knew what to do.
They told me that they knew who did that.
They told me that they knew you.
They told me that they know the rules.
They told me that they left early.
They told me that they like Chinese food.
They told me that they like doing that.
They told me that they like swimming.
They told me that they like to do that.
They told me that they like to swim.
They told me that they like you a lot.
They told me that they liked doing that.
They told me that they liked it.
They told me that they liked my idea.
They told me that they liked pizza.
They told me that they liked rain.
They told me that they liked snow.
They told me that they liked swimming.
They told me that they liked the idea.
They told me that they liked the movie.
They told me that they liked the party.
They told me that they liked to do that.
They told me that they liked working in Boston.
They told me that they lived on Park Street.
They told me that they losing weight.
They told me that they love me.
They told me that they may do that.
They told me that they might do that.
They told me that they might not do that.
They told me that they might not win.
They told me that they might win.
They told me that they need to do that.
They told me that they needed a favor.
They told me that they needed money.
They told me that they needed more money.
They told me that they needed more time.
They told me that they needed my help.
They told me that they needed our help.
They told me that they needed some cash.
They told me that they needed some money.
They told me that they needed space.
They told me that they needed to talk.
They told me that they never did that.
They told me that they never said that.
They told me that they never use shampoo.
They told me that they often dreams in French.
They told me that they ought to do that.
They told me that they plan on doing that.
They told me that they plan on going.
They told me that they plan to do that.
They told me that they plan to go.
They told me that they preferred red wine.
They told me that they saw that movie.
They told me that they saw you at the mall.
They told me that they should do that.
They told me that they should go.
They told me that they speak French.
They told me that they spoke French.
They told me that they studied French.
They told me that they thought Boston was a safe city.
They told me that they thought Boston wasn't as safe as it used to be.
They told me that they thought I looked drunk.
They told me that they thought I should lose some weight.
They told me that they thought it would rain all day.
They told me that they thought my speech was interesting.
They told me that they thought they could win.
They told me that they thought they had the flu.
They told me that they thought they might win.
They told me that they told you.
They told me that they tried to do that.
They told me that they tried to win.
They told me that they understood.
They told me that they used to be married.
They told me that they used to be rich.
They told me that they used to be very poor.
They told me that they walked home.
They told me that they want to die.
They told me that they want to do that.
They told me that they want to go to Boston.
They told me that they want to go with us.
They told me that they want to win.
They told me that they wanted a dog.
They told me that they wanted a lawyer.
They told me that they wanted dogs.
They told me that they wanted lawyers.
They told me that they wanted my help.
They told me that they wanted to cry.
They told me that they wanted to die.
They told me that they wanted to go to Boston.
They told me that they wanted to go.
They told me that they wanted to help.
They told me that they wanted to leave.
They told me that they wanted to quit.
They told me that they wanted to stay single.
They told me that they wanted to study French.
They told me that they wanted to talk.
They told me that they wanted to teach me French.
They told me that they wanted to win.
They told me that they were Canadian.
They told me that they were OK.
They told me that they were adopted.
They told me that they were afraid of snakes.
They told me that they were afraid.
They told me that they were agnostic.
They told me that they were all worn out.
They told me that they were alone.
They told me that they were already married.
They told me that they were ambidextrous.
They told me that they were angry.
They told me that they were annoyed.
They told me that they were appreciative.
They told me that they were at home.
They told me that they were at school.
They told me that they were bilingual.
They told me that they were bored.
They told me that they were broke.
They told me that they were busy.
They told me that they were certain.
They told me that they were claustrophobic.
They told me that they were cold.
They told me that they were coming back.
They told me that they were concerned.
They told me that they were confused.
They told me that they were conservative.
They told me that they were curious.
They told me that they were depressed.
They told me that they were desperate.
They told me that they were diabetic.
They told me that they were disappointed.
They told me that they were discontented.
They told me that they were discouraged.
They told me that they were disorganized.
They told me that they were displeased.
They told me that they were divorced.
They told me that they were dizzy.
They told me that they were doctors.
They told me that they were doing fine.
They told me that they were doing that now.
They told me that they were doing that.
They told me that they were done, too.
They told me that they were done.
They told me that they were drunk.
They told me that they were dying.
They told me that they were early.
They told me that they were embarrassed.
They told me that they were excited.
They told me that they were exhausted.
They told me that they were famished.
They told me that they were feeling bad.
They told me that they were feeling dizzy.
They told me that they were feeling fine.
They told me that they were fine.
They told me that they were finished.
They told me that they were flexible.
They told me that they were forgetful.
They told me that they were free.
They told me that they were frightened.
They told me that they were frustrated.
They told me that they were full.
They told me that they were furious.
They told me that they were glad to help.
They told me that they were glad to see me.
They told me that they were glad.
They told me that they were going home.
They told me that they were going to Boston.
They told me that they were going to do that.
They told me that they were going to help.
They told me that they were going to the gym.
They told me that they were going to win.
They told me that they were grateful.
They told me that they were happy here.
They told me that they were happy.
They told me that they were having fun.
They told me that they were headed home.
They told me that they were healthy.
They told me that they were heartbroken.
They told me that they were home last night.
They told me that they were homeless.
They told me that they were homesick.
They told me that they were hot.
They told me that they were hungry.
They told me that they were impressed.
They told me that they were in a hurry.
They told me that they were innocent.
They told me that they were interested.
They told me that they were irritated.
They told me that they were jealous.
They told me that they were lazy.
They told me that they were lonely.
They told me that they were lost.
They told me that they were lucky.
They told me that they were mad.
They told me that they were married.
They told me that they were miserable.
They told me that they were mistaken.
They told me that they were nervous.
They told me that they were next.
They told me that they were offended.
They told me that they were optimistic.
They told me that they were over thirty.
They told me that they were overweight.
They told me that they were pessimistic.
They told me that they were pleased.
They told me that they were poets.
They told me that they were poor.
They told me that they were positive.
They told me that they were prepared.
They told me that they were psyched.
They told me that they were puzzled.
They told me that they were ready to do that.
They told me that they were ready to go.
They told me that they were ready.
They told me that they were really busy.
They told me that they were really hungry.
They told me that they were relieved.
They told me that they were retired.
They told me that they were rich.
They told me that they were sad.
They told me that they were safe.
They told me that they were satisfied.
They told me that they were scared.
They told me that they were serious.
They told me that they were short.
They told me that they were shy.
They told me that they were sick.
They told me that they were single.
They told me that they were skeptical.
They told me that they were sleepy.
They told me that they were sorry.
They told me that they were starved.
They told me that they were still afraid.
They told me that they were strict.
They told me that they were strong.
They told me that they were studying French.
They told me that they were stuffed.
They told me that they were surprised.
They told me that they were suspicious.
They told me that they were sympathetic.
They told me that they were teaching French.
They told me that they were tense.
They told me that they were terrified.
They told me that they were thirsty.
They told me that they were thrilled.
They told me that they were through.
They told me that they were ticklish.
They told me that they were tired.
They told me that they were too tired to study.
They told me that they were unafraid.
They told me that they were unbiased.
They told me that they were uncomfortable.
They told me that they were unconvinced.
They told me that they were undecided.
They told me that they were unemployed.
They told me that they were unfazed by that.
They told me that they were unhappy.
They told me that they were unhurt.
They told me that they were unimpressed.
They told me that they were uninsured.
They told me that they were unlucky.
They told me that they were unmarried.
They told me that they were upset.
They told me that they were very busy.
They told me that they were very happy.
They told me that they were very hungry.
They told me that they were very sorry.
They told me that they were very tired.
They told me that they were very upset.
They told me that they were wealthy.
They told me that they were well.
They told me that they were working.
They told me that they were worn out.
They told me that they were worried.
They told me that they were wounded.
They told me that they were wrong.
They told me that they weren't afraid.
They told me that they weren't alone.
They told me that they weren't angry.
They told me that they weren't bored.
They told me that they weren't busy.
They told me that they weren't coming back.
They told me that they weren't coming.
They told me that they weren't convinced.
They told me that they weren't discouraged.
They told me that they weren't embarrassed.
They told me that they weren't experts.
They told me that they weren't feeling very good.
They told me that they weren't happy here.
They told me that they weren't happy.
They told me that they weren't hungry.
They told me that they weren't impressed.
They told me that they weren't in pain.
They told me that they weren't injured.
They told me that they weren't mad.
They told me that they weren't married.
They told me that they weren't nervous.
They told me that they weren't offended.
They told me that they weren't prepared.
They told me that they weren't ready to go.
They told me that they weren't scared of snakes.
They told me that they weren't sick anymore.
They told me that they weren't sick.
They told me that they weren't sleepy yet.
They told me that they weren't sleepy.
They told me that they weren't so sure.
They told me that they weren't sorry.
They told me that they weren't sure.
They told me that they weren't surprised.
They told me that they weren't thirsty.
They told me that they weren't ticklish.
They told me that they weren't tired.
They told me that they weren't upset.
They told me that they weren't very hungry.
They told me that they weren't worried.
They told me that they won't come to school tomorrow.
They told me that they won't do that again.
They told me that they won't do that.
They told me that they won.
They told me that they wouldn't cry.
They told me that they wouldn't do that.
They told me that they wouldn't stay long.
They told me that they wouldn't wait.
They told me that they wouldn't win.
They told me that they'd agreed to do that.
They told me that they'd already done that.
They told me that they'd already eaten.
They told me that they'd also do that.
They told me that they'd be absent.
They told me that they'd be alone.
They told me that they'd be back soon.
They told me that they'd be back.
They told me that they'd be busy on Monday.
They told me that they'd be careful.
They told me that they'd be coming back.
They told me that they'd be cooperative.
They told me that they'd be discreet.
They told me that they'd be fair.
They told me that they'd be glad to help me.
They told me that they'd be here.
They told me that they'd be home on Monday.
They told me that they'd be late.
They told me that they'd be ready soon.
They told me that they'd be right back.
They told me that they'd be right over.
They told me that they'd be supportive.
They told me that they'd be there.
They told me that they'd been busy.
They told me that they'd been careless.
They told me that they'd been forgiven.
They told me that they'd been sick.
They told me that they'd been suspended.
They told me that they'd bought a car.
They told me that they'd bought cars.
They told me that they'd buy it.
They told me that they'd call me back.
They told me that they'd call me.
They told me that they'd call tomorrow.
They told me that they'd call you later.
They told me that they'd call you.
They told me that they'd changed their plan.
They told me that they'd changed their plans.
They told me that they'd come again.
They told me that they'd come.
They told me that they'd cried.
They told me that they'd decided to do that.
They told me that they'd do it tomorrow.
They told me that they'd do it.
They told me that they'd do that again.
They told me that they'd do that for us.
They told me that they'd do that later.
They told me that they'd do that soon.
They told me that they'd do that tomorrow.
They told me that they'd do that, too.
They told me that they'd do that.
They told me that they'd done that.
They told me that they'd help me.
They told me that they'd help us.
They told me that they'd help.
They told me that they'd leave soon.
They told me that they'd leave.
They told me that they'd lied.
They told me that they'd like to help.
They told me that they'd likely cry.
They told me that they'd likely do that.
They told me that they'd look at it.
They told me that they'd look into it.
They told me that they'd lost their textbooks.
They told me that they'd lost their watches.
They told me that they'd love to help.
They told me that they'd never do that.
They told me that they'd never leave me.
They told me that they'd never let me down.
They told me that they'd rather go home.
They told me that they'd rather not go.
They told me that they'd sing.
They told me that they'd sort it out.
They told me that they'd stay home.
They told me that they'd try again.
They told me that they'd try doing that.
They told me that they'd try to do that.
They told me that they'd try to win.
They told me that they'd try.
They told me that they'd wait and see.
They told me that they'd wait for us.
They told me that they'd wait.
They told me that they'd walk home.
They told me that they'd win, but they didn't.
They told me that they'd win.
They told me that they'd won.
They told me that they'll be back soon.
They told me that they'll be home on Monday.
They told me that they'll do that tomorrow.
They told me that they'll join us later.
They told me that they're afraid to do that.
They told me that they're afraid.
They told me that they're alone.
They told me that they're bored.
They told me that they're broke.
They told me that they're cold.
They told me that they're depressed.
They told me that they're discouraged.
They told me that they're doing that now.
They told me that they're exhausted.
They told me that they're fine.
They told me that they're frightened.
They told me that they're getting married.
They told me that they're heartbroken.
They told me that they're interested.
They told me that they're intoxicated.
They told me that they're irritated.
They told me that they're jealous.
They told me that they're last.
They told me that they're leaving tomorrow.
They told me that they're lonely.
They told me that they're losing weight.
They told me that they're nervous.
They told me that they're pessimistic.
They told me that they're pleased.
They told me that they're prepared.
They told me that they're puzzled.
They told me that they're ready to do that.
They told me that they're ready.
They told me that they're retired.
They told me that they're safe.
They told me that they're scared.
They told me that they're shy.
They told me that they're skeptical.
They told me that they're sleepy.
They told me that they're starved.
They told me that they're suspicious.
They told me that they're sympathetic.
They told me that they're tempted to do that.
They told me that they're terrified.
They told me that they're thirsty.
They told me that they're through doing that.
They told me that they're ticklish.
They told me that they're tired.
They told me that they're unafraid.
They told me that they're unbiased.
They told me that they're unconvinced.
They told me that they're unemployed.
They told me that they're unimpressed.
They told me that they're upset.
They told me that they're very hungry.
They told me that they're well.
They told me that they've decided to do that.
They told me that they've done.
They told me that they've just done that.
They told me that they've never done that.
They told me that they've never met you.
They told me that to be gone by the time they got here.
They told me that.
They told me the same thing that you did.
They told me the same thing you did.
They told me their car was in the shop.
They told me their cars were in the shop.
They told me their dog died.
They told me their dogs died.
They told me their jobs were tough.
They told me their secret.
They told me their secrets.
They told me there was a problem with the invoice.
They told me they appreciated that.
They told me they aren't hungry.
They told me they aren't sleepy yet.
They told me they ate too much.
They told me they ate way too much.
They told me they believed that.
They told me they bought these for you.
They told me they called the police.
They told me they called you.
They told me they can't do that.
They told me they can't eat peanuts.
They told me they can't speak French.
They told me they could do it.
They told me they could do that.
They told me they could fix it.
They told me they could get us what we wanted.
They told me they could handle it.
They told me they could help us.
They told me they could take it.
They told me they couldn't do that.
They told me they couldn't help me.
They told me they couldn't speak French.
They told me they couldn't stay long.
They told me they couldn't wait.
They told me they couldn't walk.
They told me they cried.
They told me they did nothing wrong.
They told me they did that already.
They told me they did that for us.
They told me they did that for you.
They told me they did that in 2013.
They told me they did that wrong.
They told me they did that.
They told me they didn't agree.
They told me they didn't cry.
They told me they didn't do anything wrong.
They told me they didn't do it.
They told me they didn't do that.
They told me they didn't eat meat.
They told me they didn't eat pork.
They told me they didn't expect that to happen.
They told me they didn't feel cold.
They told me they didn't feel safe.
They told me they didn't feel well.
They told me they didn't get it.
They told me they didn't have a car.
They told me they didn't have cars.
They told me they didn't know how to speak French.
They told me they didn't know.
They told me they didn't like beer.
They told me they didn't like boxing.
They told me they didn't like cats.
They told me they didn't like dogs.
They told me they didn't like fishing.
They told me they didn't like spinach.
They told me they didn't like swimming.
They told me they didn't need my help.
They told me they didn't see anyone come in.
They told me they didn't see anything.
They told me they didn't smoke.
They told me they didn't speak French.
They told me they didn't study French.
They told me they didn't teach French.
They told me they didn't want me here.
They told me they didn't want to go with us.
They told me they didn't want to win.
They told me they didn't win.
They told me they disagreed with each other.
They told me they disagreed.
They told me they don't eat meat.
They told me they don't eat pork.
They told me they don't have any brothers or sisters.
They told me they don't know what that is.
They told me they don't know what they have to do.
They told me they don't know what they should do.
They told me they don't know what to do.
They told me they don't like to study in the morning.
They told me they don't really care what happens.
They told me they don't want that.
They told me they drink at least three cups of coffee a day.
They told me they enjoyed it.
They told me they enjoyed the concert.
They told me they enjoyed the drive.
They told me they enjoyed the movie.
They told me they enjoyed the party.
They told me they enjoyed the picnic.
They told me they enjoyed the show.
They told me they enjoyed the view.
They told me they felt bad about that.
They told me they felt better.
They told me they felt cold.
They told me they felt fine.
They told me they felt hot.
They told me they felt hungry.
They told me they felt offended.
They told me they felt safe.
They told me they felt seasick.
They told me they felt sick.
They told me they felt tired.
They told me they felt weak.
They told me they finished doing that by 2:30.
They told me they forgot something.
They told me they forgot where they hid the key.
They told me they found a job for me.
They told me they found something.
They told me they found their keys.
They told me they found this in a cave.
They told me they got here early today.
They told me they got there first.
They told me they grew up in Boston.
They told me they had a job for me.
They told me they had a plan.
They told me they had a problem.
They told me they had bacon and eggs for breakfast.
They told me they had been sick.
They told me they had colds.
They told me they had headaches.
They told me they had no money.
They told me they had no regrets.
They told me they had some work to do.
They told me they had to do that.
They told me they had to go.
They told me they had to leave.
They told me they had to split.
They told me they had to stay home.
They told me they had to walk home.
They told me they had to work late.
They told me they hadn't done that yet.
They told me they hated Christmas.
They told me they hated doing that.
They told me they have decided not to do that.
They told me they have just done that.
They told me they haven't done that yet.
They told me they heard gunshots.
They told me they intended to do that.
They told me they intended to win.
They told me they knew how I felt.
They told me they knew how to do that.
They told me they knew the rules.
They told me they knew what to do.
They told me they knew who did that.
They told me they knew you.
They told me they know the rules.
They told me they left early.
They told me they like Chinese food.
They told me they like doing that.
They told me they like swimming.
They told me they like to do that.
They told me they like to swim.
They told me they like you a lot.
They told me they liked doing that.
They told me they liked it.
They told me they liked my idea.
They told me they liked pizza.
They told me they liked rain.
They told me they liked snow.
They told me they liked swimming.
They told me they liked the idea.
They told me they liked the movie.
They told me they liked the party.
They told me they liked to do that.
They told me they liked working in Boston.
They told me they lived on Park Street.
They told me they losing weight.
They told me they love me.
They told me they may do that.
They told me they might do that.
They told me they might not do that.
They told me they might not win.
They told me they might win.
They told me they need to do that.
They told me they needed a favor.
They told me they needed money.
They told me they needed more money.
They told me they needed more time.
They told me they needed my help.
They told me they needed our help.
They told me they needed some cash.
They told me they needed some money.
They told me they needed space.
They told me they needed to talk.
They told me they never did that.
They told me they never said that.
They told me they never use shampoo.
They told me they often dreams in French.
They told me they ought to do that.
They told me they plan on doing that.
They told me they plan on going.
They told me they plan to do that.
They told me they plan to go.
They told me they preferred red wine.
They told me they saw that movie.
They told me they saw you at the mall.
They told me they should do that.
They told me they should go.
They told me they speak French.
They told me they spoke French.
They told me they studied French.
They told me they thought Boston was a safe city.
They told me they thought Boston wasn't as safe as it used to be.
They told me they thought I looked drunk.
They told me they thought I should lose some weight.
They told me they thought it would rain all day.
They told me they thought my speech was interesting.
They told me they thought they could win.
They told me they thought they had the flu.
They told me they thought they might win.
They told me they told you.
They told me they tried to do that.
They told me they tried to win.
They told me they understood.
They told me they used to be married.
They told me they used to be rich.
They told me they used to be very poor.
They told me they walked home.
They told me they want to die.
They told me they want to do that.
They told me they want to go to Boston.
They told me they want to go with us.
They told me they want to win.
They told me they wanted a dog.
They told me they wanted a lawyer.
They told me they wanted dogs.
They told me they wanted lawyers.
They told me they wanted me to do that.
They told me they wanted me to win.
They told me they wanted my help.
They told me they wanted to cry.
They told me they wanted to die.
They told me they wanted to do that.
They told me they wanted to go to Boston.
They told me they wanted to go.
They told me they wanted to help.
They told me they wanted to leave.
They told me they wanted to quit.
They told me they wanted to stay single.
They told me they wanted to study French.
They told me they wanted to talk.
They told me they wanted to teach me French.
They told me they wanted to win.
They told me they were Canadian.
They told me they were OK.
They told me they were adopted.
They told me they were afraid of snakes.
They told me they were afraid.
They told me they were agnostic.
They told me they were all worn out.
They told me they were alone.
They told me they were already married.
They told me they were ambidextrous.
They told me they were angry.
They told me they were annoyed.
They told me they were appreciative.
They told me they were at home.
They told me they were at school.
They told me they were bilingual.
They told me they were bored.
They told me they were broke.
They told me they were busy.
They told me they were certain.
They told me they were claustrophobic.
They told me they were cold.
They told me they were coming back.
They told me they were concerned.
They told me they were confused.
They told me they were conservative.
They told me they were curious.
They told me they were depressed.
They told me they were desperate.
They told me they were diabetic.
They told me they were disappointed.
They told me they were discontented.
They told me they were discouraged.
They told me they were disorganized.
They told me they were displeased.
They told me they were divorced.
They told me they were dizzy.
They told me they were doctors.
They told me they were doing fine.
They told me they were doing it right now.
They told me they were doing that now.
They told me they were doing that.
They told me they were done, too.
They told me they were done.
They told me they were drunk.
They told me they were dying.
They told me they were early.
They told me they were embarrassed.
They told me they were excited.
They told me they were exhausted.
They told me they were famished.
They told me they were feeling bad.
They told me they were feeling dizzy.
They told me they were feeling fine.
They told me they were fine.
They told me they were finished.
They told me they were flexible.
They told me they were forgetful.
They told me they were free.
They told me they were frightened.
They told me they were frustrated.
They told me they were full.
They told me they were furious.
They told me they were glad to help.
They told me they were glad to see me.
They told me they were glad.
They told me they were going home.
They told me they were going to Boston.
They told me they were going to do that.
They told me they were going to help.
They told me they were going to the gym.
They told me they were going to win.
They told me they were grateful.
They told me they were happy here.
They told me they were happy.
They told me they were having fun.
They told me they were headed home.
They told me they were healthy.
They told me they were heartbroken.
They told me they were home last night.
They told me they were homeless.
They told me they were homesick.
They told me they were hot.
They told me they were hungry.
They told me they were impressed.
They told me they were in a hurry.
They told me they were innocent.
They told me they were interested.
They told me they were irritated.
They told me they were jealous.
They told me they were lazy.
They told me they were lonely.
They told me they were lost.
They told me they were lucky.
They told me they were mad.
They told me they were married.
They told me they were miserable.
They told me they were mistaken.
They told me they were nervous.
They told me they were next.
They told me they were offended.
They told me they were optimistic.
They told me they were over thirty.
They told me they were overweight.
They told me they were pessimistic.
They told me they were pleased.
They told me they were poets.
They told me they were poor.
They told me they were positive.
They told me they were prepared.
They told me they were psyched.
They told me they were puzzled.
They told me they were ready to do that.
They told me they were ready to go.
They told me they were ready.
They told me they were really busy.
They told me they were really hungry.
They told me they were relieved.
They told me they were retired.
They told me they were rich.
They told me they were sad.
They told me they were safe.
They told me they were satisfied.
They told me they were scared.
They told me they were serious.
They told me they were short.
They told me they were shy.
They told me they were sick.
They told me they were single.
They told me they were skeptical.
They told me they were sleepy.
They told me they were sorry.
They told me they were starved.
They told me they were still afraid.
They told me they were strict.
They told me they were strong.
They told me they were studying French.
They told me they were stuffed.
They told me they were surprised.
They told me they were suspicious.
They told me they were sympathetic.
They told me they were teaching French.
They told me they were tense.
They told me they were terrified.
They told me they were thirsty.
They told me they were thrilled.
They told me they were through.
They told me they were ticklish.
They told me they were tired.
They told me they were too tired to study.
They told me they were unafraid.
They told me they were unbiased.
They told me they were uncomfortable.
They told me they were unconvinced.
They told me they were undecided.
They told me they were unemployed.
They told me they were unfazed by that.
They told me they were unhappy.
They told me they were unhurt.
They told me they were unimpressed.
They told me they were uninsured.
They told me they were unlucky.
They told me they were unmarried.
They told me they were upset.
They told me they were very busy.
They told me they were very happy.
They told me they were very hungry.
They told me they were very sorry.
They told me they were very tired.
They told me they were very upset.
They told me they were wealthy.
They told me they were well.
They told me they were working.
They told me they were worn out.
They told me they were worried.
They told me they were wounded.
They told me they were wrong.
They told me they weren't afraid.
They told me they weren't alone.
They told me they weren't angry.
They told me they weren't bored.
They told me they weren't busy.
They told me they weren't coming back.
They told me they weren't coming.
They told me they weren't convinced.
They told me they weren't discouraged.
They told me they weren't embarrassed.
They told me they weren't experts.
They told me they weren't feeling very good.
They told me they weren't happy here.
They told me they weren't happy.
They told me they weren't hungry.
They told me they weren't impressed.
They told me they weren't in pain.
They told me they weren't injured.
They told me they weren't mad.
They told me they weren't married.
They told me they weren't nervous.
They told me they weren't offended.
They told me they weren't prepared.
They told me they weren't ready to go.
They told me they weren't scared of snakes.
They told me they weren't sick anymore.
They told me they weren't sick.
They told me they weren't sleepy yet.
They told me they weren't sleepy.
They told me they weren't so sure.
They told me they weren't sorry.
They told me they weren't sure.
They told me they weren't surprised.
They told me they weren't thirsty.
They told me they weren't ticklish.
They told me they weren't tired.
They told me they weren't upset.
They told me they weren't very hungry.
They told me they weren't worried.
They told me they won't come to school tomorrow.
They told me they won't do that again.
They told me they won't do that.
They told me they won.
They told me they wouldn't be able to do that today.
They told me they wouldn't cry.
They told me they wouldn't do that.
They told me they wouldn't stay long.
They told me they wouldn't wait.
They told me they wouldn't win.
They told me they'd agreed to do that.
They told me they'd already done that.
They told me they'd already eaten.
They told me they'd also do that.
They told me they'd be absent.
They told me they'd be alone.
They told me they'd be back soon.
They told me they'd be back.
They told me they'd be busy on Monday.
They told me they'd be careful.
They told me they'd be coming back.
They told me they'd be cooperative.
They told me they'd be discreet.
They told me they'd be fair.
They told me they'd be glad to help me.
They told me they'd be here.
They told me they'd be home on Monday.
They told me they'd be late.
They told me they'd be ready soon.
They told me they'd be right back.
They told me they'd be right over.
They told me they'd be supportive.
They told me they'd be there.
They told me they'd been busy.
They told me they'd been careless.
They told me they'd been forgiven.
They told me they'd been sick.
They told me they'd been suspended.
They told me they'd bought a car.
They told me they'd bought cars.
They told me they'd buy it.
They told me they'd call me back.
They told me they'd call me.
They told me they'd call tomorrow.
They told me they'd call you later.
They told me they'd call you.
They told me they'd changed their plan.
They told me they'd changed their plans.
They told me they'd come again.
They told me they'd come.
They told me they'd cried.
They told me they'd decided to do that.
They told me they'd do it tomorrow.
They told me they'd do it.
They told me they'd do that again.
They told me they'd do that for us.
They told me they'd do that later.
They told me they'd do that soon.
They told me they'd do that themselves.
They told me they'd do that tomorrow.
They told me they'd do that, too.
They told me they'd do that.
They told me they'd done that.
They told me they'd help me.
They told me they'd help us.
They told me they'd help.
They told me they'd leave soon.
They told me they'd leave.
They told me they'd lied.
They told me they'd like to help.
They told me they'd likely cry.
They told me they'd likely do that.
They told me they'd look at it.
They told me they'd look into it.
They told me they'd lost their textbooks.
They told me they'd lost their watches.
They told me they'd love to help.
They told me they'd never do that.
They told me they'd never leave me.
They told me they'd never let me down.
They told me they'd rather go home.
They told me they'd rather not go.
They told me they'd sing.
They told me they'd sort it out.
They told me they'd stay home.
They told me they'd try again.
They told me they'd try doing that.
They told me they'd try to do that.
They told me they'd try to win.
They told me they'd try.
They told me they'd wait and see.
They told me they'd wait for us.
They told me they'd wait.
They told me they'd walk home.
They told me they'd win, but they didn't.
They told me they'd win.
They told me they'd won.
They told me they'll be back soon.
They told me they'll be home on Monday.
They told me they'll do that tomorrow.
They told me they'll join us later.
They told me they're afraid to do that.
They told me they're afraid.
They told me they're alone.
They told me they're bored.
They told me they're broke.
They told me they're cold.
They told me they're depressed.
They told me they're discouraged.
They told me they're doing that now.
They told me they're exhausted.
They told me they're fine.
They told me they're frightened.
They told me they're getting married.
They told me they're heartbroken.
They told me they're interested.
They told me they're intoxicated.
They told me they're irritated.
They told me they're jealous.
They told me they're last.
They told me they're leaving tomorrow.
They told me they're lonely.
They told me they're losing weight.
They told me they're nervous.
They told me they're pessimistic.
They told me they're pleased.
They told me they're prepared.
They told me they're puzzled.
They told me they're ready to do that.
They told me they're ready.
They told me they're retired.
They told me they're safe.
They told me they're scared.
They told me they're shy.
They told me they're skeptical.
They told me they're sleepy.
They told me they're starved.
They told me they're suspicious.
They told me they're sympathetic.
They told me they're tempted to do that.
They told me they're terrified.
They told me they're thirsty.
They told me they're through doing that.
They told me they're ticklish.
They told me they're tired.
They told me they're unafraid.
They told me they're unbiased.
They told me they're unconvinced.
They told me they're unemployed.
They told me they're unimpressed.
They told me they're upset.
They told me they're very hungry.
They told me they're well.
They told me they've decided to do that.
They told me they've done.
They told me they've just done that.
They told me they've never done that.
They told me they've never met you.
They told me to be gone by the time they got here.
They told me to come back here.
They told me to come here.
They told me to get out of town.
They told me to keep my distance.
They told me to park anywhere I wanted.
They told me to stay in the car.
They told me to stay out of their rooms.
They told me to stay out of their way.
They told me to tell you something.
They told me to tell you that they're OK.
They told me to tell you that they're fine.
They told me to tell you they're OK.
They told me to tell you they're fine.
They told me to wait here.
They told me today that they loved me.
They told me today they loved me.
They told me we couldn't do that here.
They told me what they saw.
They told me what they wanted.
They told me where they lived.
They told me where they parked their car.
They told me where they parked their cars.
They told me why they couldn't do that.
They told me why they couldn't win.
They told me why they did that.
They told me why they didn't do that.
They told me why they didn't win.
They told me why they left early.
They told me why they needed my help.
They told me why they were angry.
They told me why they were late.
They told me you agreed with them.
They told me you hit them.
They told me you were the one who saved my life.
They told me you work for them.
They told me you're a real expert!
They told the doctor that they felt no pain.
They told the doctor they felt no pain.
They told the dog to stay.
They told the kids more stories about Dad.
They told the kids the show was canceled.
They told the police about all those incidents.
They told the team that they wanted to quit.
They told the team they wanted to quit.
They told the truth.
They told the waiter that they wanted sit by the window.
They told the waiter they wanted sit by the window.
They told their father all that they had suffered, and he was so angry with their step-mother that he drove her out of the house, and never let her return; but he and the children lived happily together; and he took care of them himself, and never let a stranger come near them.
They told them they shouldn't do that.
They told them to stay home.
They told themselves that they should go.
They told us a story about biogas extraction today.
They told us about their trip.
They told us about their trips.
They told us how they did that.
They told us not to disturb Tom.
They told us nothing.
They told us that he was poisoned, we don't know who gave it to him.
They told us that they could do that.
They told us that they could help.
They told us that they could speak French.
They told us that they could win.
They told us that they couldn't do that.
They told us that they couldn't eat peanuts.
