I don't need anything now.
I don't need anything.
I don't need anything... just a new pair of pants.
I don't need approval.
I don't need assistance.
I don't need beds.
I don't need bodyguards.
I don't need both of these. I just need this one.
I don't need comforting.
I don't need crutches anymore.
I don't need details.
I don't need dinner. After the meeting I'm going out for drinks.
I don't need drugs to have a good time.
I don't need either of these.
I don't need either of those.
I don't need either.
I don't need expensive gadgets.
I don't need experience.
I don't need fake friends.
I don't need false friends.
I don't need favors.
I don't need friends.
I don't need friends. They disappoint me.
I don't need friendship.
I don't need glasses any more.
I don't need glasses anymore.
I don't need glasses.
I don't need gold, I only seek the ultimate truth.
I don't need help from anyone.
I don't need help writing my report.
I don't need help.
I don't need her anymore.
I don't need her help with my personal life.
I don't need her present.
I don't need her sympathy.
I don't need her.
I don't need him any longer.
I don't need him anymore.
I don't need him here.
I don't need him when I have you.
I don't need him.
I don't need his help.
I don't need his validation.
I don't need it anymore.
I don't need it back.
I don't need it now.
I don't need it yet.
I don't need it, and I don't want it.
I don't need it.
I don't need it. I don't need it. I definitely do not need it.
I don't need it. I don't need it. I definitely don't need it.
I don't need ivy on my fence.
I don't need ivy on my trees.
I don't need lawyers.
I don't need looking after.
I don't need luck.
I don't need medication.
I don't need men.
I don't need mere words, but documented information.
I don't need money at present.
I don't need money now.
I don't need money right now.
I don't need money to have a good time.
I don't need money.
I don't need more advice.
I don't need more emotional validation. I need real answers.
I don't need more information.
I don't need more stuff.
I don't need much care.
I don't need much else.
I don't need much sleep.
I don't need much time.
I don't need much.
I don't need my carpet cleaned.
I don't need my kids worrying about me.
I don't need new windshield wipers yet.
I don't need no fucking help.
I don't need one of those.
I don't need other people's things, so I sell them!
I don't need other people.
I don't need parenting advice from you.
I don't need permission to do that.
I don't need power.
I don't need protection.
I don't need reminding.
I don't need sex with you. I have my wife.
I don't need such a skinny calf.
I don't need such superficial friends.
I don't need that any longer.
I don't need that any more.
I don't need that anymore.
I don't need that kind of help.
I don't need that kind of pressure.
I don't need that kind of stress in my life.
I don't need that much help.
I don't need that much sugar.
I don't need that yet.
I don't need that.
I don't need the attention.
I don't need the brochure.
I don't need the details.
I don't need the money.
I don't need the seat right now; let Cookie sit there.
I don't need the threat of hell or the reward of paradise to be a good person.
I don't need the user manual.
I don't need the validation of an arrogant person.
I don't need the validation of an arrogant self-centered person.
I don't need their money.
I don't need their sympathy.
I don't need them any more.
I don't need them anymore.
I don't need them to do me any favors.
I don't need them.
I don't need these anymore.
I don't need these things anymore.
I don't need these.
I don't need this any longer.
I don't need this any more.
I don't need this anymore.
I don't need this at all.
I don't need this blanket anymore.
I don't need this book.
I don't need this job.
I don't need this kind of stress.
I don't need this money.
I don't need this much money.
I don't need this much stuff.
I don't need this much.
I don't need this stuff.
I don't need this.
I don't need those things.
I don't need those.
I don't need three bicycles.
I don't need time to think.
I don't need to add these books to my library.
I don't need to anymore.
I don't need to apologize to Tom.
I don't need to ask Tom anything.
I don't need to ask Tom to do that.
I don't need to attend the meeting.
I don't need to be a veterinarian to say that this is a cow.
I don't need to be advised.
I don't need to be an expert. I just know.
I don't need to be at the meeting this afternoon.
I don't need to be at today's meeting.
I don't need to be back until tomorrow.
I don't need to be here anymore.
I don't need to be here for this.
I don't need to be here on Monday.
I don't need to be here right now.
I don't need to be here today.
I don't need to be here tomorrow.
I don't need to be here.
I don't need to be lectured by you.
I don't need to be perfect the moment I start the job.
I don't need to be rich in order to be happy.
I don't need to be rich.
I don't need to be taken care of.
I don't need to be there on Monday.
I don't need to be there until 2:30.
I don't need to be there.
I don't need to be told more than once to do something.
I don't need to be told what to do.
I don't need to be told who you are.
I don't need to borrow your car anymore.
I don't need to buy a bucket today. Tomorrow, maybe.
I don't need to buy a car.
I don't need to buy a suit for the wedding because Tom has one he can lend me.
I don't need to buy anything else.
I don't need to buy anything right now.
I don't need to buy anything.
I don't need to call Tom and Mary. I wrote them an email last night.
I don't need to call Tom and Mary. I wrote them emails last night.
I don't need to call Tom.
I don't need to call Tom. I wrote him an email last night.
I don't need to carry a watch on me right now, since I can see the time on my phone.
I don't need to cheat anyone.
I don't need to come back here tomorrow.
I don't need to come here tomorrow.
I don't need to convince Tom.
I don't need to convince her.
I don't need to convince him.
I don't need to convince them.
I don't need to decide that now.
I don't need to do anything else today.
I don't need to do anything else.
I don't need to do anything today.
I don't need to do anything.
I don't need to do everything you tell me to do.
I don't need to do that again.
I don't need to do that alone.
I don't need to do that anymore.
I don't need to do that anytime soon.
I don't need to do that as often as I used to.
I don't need to do that by myself.
I don't need to do that either.
I don't need to do that every day.
I don't need to do that here.
I don't need to do that if I don't want to.
I don't need to do that now.
I don't need to do that on my own.
I don't need to do that right away.
I don't need to do that right now.
I don't need to do that today.
I don't need to do that, and neither do you.
I don't need to do that, but I should.
I don't need to do that, but I want to.
I don't need to do that, but I will.
I don't need to do that, but I'll do it anyway.
I don't need to do that, but Tom and Mary do.
I don't need to do that, but Tom does.
I don't need to do that, do I?
I don't need to do that.
I don't need to do that. Tom will do it for me.
I don't need to do that. Tom will do it.
I don't need to do this any more.
I don't need to do this anymore.
I don't need to do this right away.
I don't need to do this, but I enjoy doing it.
I don't need to do this, but I want to.
I don't need to do this.
I don't need to eat in a restaurant.
I don't need to explain anything to Tom.
I don't need to explain anything.
I don't need to explain that to Tom.
I don't need to explain this.
I don't need to finish doing this today.
I don't need to finish this today.
I don't need to get up early tomorrow.
I don't need to get up so early tomorrow.
I don't need to give Tom anything.
I don't need to give away my culture to convert to Islam.
I don't need to go anywhere today.
I don't need to go back to Australia until next Monday.
I don't need to go back to Australia.
I don't need to go back to Boston until next Monday.
I don't need to go back to Boston.
I don't need to go on and on about it.
I don't need to go out.
I don't need to go shopping every day if I buy enough food.
I don't need to go there.
I don't need to go to Australia next week.
I don't need to go to Australia until next month.
I don't need to go to Australia until next week.
I don't need to go to Australia.
I don't need to go to Boston next week.
I don't need to go to Boston until next month.
I don't need to go to Boston until next week.
I don't need to go to Boston.
I don't need to go to Kabylie, Algeria.
I don't need to go to college.
I don't need to go to school anymore.
I don't need to go to school next Monday.
I don't need to go to school next week if I don't want to.
I don't need to go to school tomorrow.
I don't need to go to the dentist's.
I don't need to go to the doctor.
I don't need to go to the store today.
I don't need to go to therapy.
I don't need to go to work the day after tomorrow.
I don't need to go to work today.
I don't need to go to work.
I don't need to go with Tom.
I don't need to go with you.
I don't need to go.
I don't need to have fun to drink.
I don't need to hear all the details.
I don't need to hear it twice.
I don't need to help Tom anymore.
I don't need to help Tom today.
I don't need to imagine it.
I don't need to justify my actions to you.
I don't need to know all the details.
I don't need to know details about Tom.
I don't need to know every single detail.
I don't need to know how Tom and Mary do that.
I don't need to know how Tom does that.
I don't need to know how it works.
I don't need to know that.
I don't need to know the details.
I don't need to know this.
I don't need to know where I'm going.
I don't need to know where Tom and Mary are going.
I don't need to know where Tom is going.
I don't need to know where you're going.
I don't need to know who did that.
I don't need to know who gave that to you.
I don't need to know who gave this to us.
I don't need to know who told Tom that.
I don't need to know who told you that.
I don't need to know why Tom and Mary want to do that.
I don't need to know why Tom did that.
I don't need to know why Tom didn't do that.
I don't need to know why Tom didn't want to do that.
I don't need to know why Tom doesn't want to do that.
I don't need to know why Tom wants to do that.
I don't need to know why you did that.
I don't need to know why.
I don't need to know your name.
I don't need to know.
I don't need to learn Berber.
I don't need to learn French.
I don't need to learn how to do that.
I don't need to leave today.
I don't need to leave yet.
I don't need to leave.
I don't need to make dinner tonight.
I don't need to move to Australia.
I don't need to move to Boston.
I don't need to pay a single penny. I have a free ticket.
I don't need to pay at all, because I have a free ticket.
I don't need to pay, because I have a free ticket.
I don't need to protect Tom anymore.
I don't need to prove myself.
I don't need to read it.
I don't need to read your terms and conditions to accept you!
I don't need to repeat myself twice.
I don't need to run any tests.
I don't need to see Tom do that.
I don't need to see Tom now.
I don't need to see Tom today.
I don't need to see any more.
I don't need to see her now.
I don't need to see him now.
I don't need to see it.
I don't need to see the basement.
I don't need to see them now.
I don't need to see you now.
I don't need to seek their advice.
I don't need to sleep a lot.
I don't need to sound like a native speaker, I just want to be able to speak fluently.
I don't need to stay home to help Tom today.
I don't need to stay in the hospital.
I don't need to study Berber.
I don't need to study French.
I don't need to study grammar, I need vocabulary!
I don't need to study.
I don't need to take care of myself.
I don't need to talk about it.
I don't need to talk to Tom if I don't want to.
I don't need to talk to Tom.
I don't need to talk to anybody else.
I don't need to talk to anybody.
I don't need to talk to anyone else.
I don't need to talk to anyone.
I don't need to talk to him.
I don't need to talk to you.
I don't need to tell Tom about what happened.
I don't need to tell Tom anything.
I don't need to tell Tom how to do that.
I don't need to tell Tom how to do that. He already knows how.
I don't need to tell Tom how to do that. He already knows.
I don't need to tell Tom what to do.
I don't need to tell Tom what to do. He already knows.
I don't need to tell Tom. He already knows.
I don't need to tell them about what I'm doing.
I don't need to tell you again, do I?
I don't need to tell you anything.
I don't need to tell you how important this is, do I?
I don't need to use a cane anymore.
I don't need to use a wheelchair anymore.
I don't need to use crutches anymore.
I don't need to wait any longer.
I don't need to wait.
I don't need to wash the car. Tom and Mary have already washed it.
I don't need to wash the car. Tom has already washed it.
I don't need to watch Tom all the time.
I don't need to wear a suit and tie to work.
I don't need to wear a tie where I work.
I don't need to wear glasses anymore.
I don't need to work anymore.
I don't need to work next Monday.
I don't need to work on Monday.
I don't need to work on Mondays for the next three months.
I don't need to work on Mondays.
I don't need to work today.
I don't need to work.
I don't need to worry about Tom anymore.
I don't need to worry about Tom.
I don't need to worry about anything.
I don't need to worry about it.
I don't need to worry about money.
I don't need to worry about that happening.
I don't need to worry about that kind of thing anymore.
I don't need to worry about that.
I don't need to worry about things like that.
I don't need to write it down.
I don't need validation from any girl.
I don't need validation from anyone.
I don't need very much help, but I do need a little.
I don't need whatever it is you're selling.
I don't need white but coloured paper.
I don't need you and Tom.
I don't need you any more.
I don't need you anymore.
I don't need you here tomorrow.
I don't need you here, Tom.
I don't need you here.
I don't need you in my life.
I don't need you in order to be happy.
I don't need you looking over my shoulder.
I don't need you or anybody else.
I don't need you telling me how to behave.
I don't need you telling me how to do my job.
I don't need you telling me what to do.
I don't need you to be happy.
I don't need you to come and get me.
I don't need you to do anything special for me on my birthday.
I don't need you to do that again.
I don't need you to do that anymore.
I don't need you to do that for me anymore.
I don't need you to pick me up.
I don't need you to remind me of anything. I know what I'm supposed to do.
I don't need you to say "yes". I know that the answer is "yes".
I don't need you to succeed.
I don't need you to support me.
I don't need you to take care of me.
I don't need you to tell me how to do it.
I don't need you to tell me how to do that.
I don't need you to wait for me.
I don't need you yet.
I don't need you.
I don't need your advice.
I don't need your answer now; you can sleep on it and come back in a few days.
I don't need your answer right away.
I don't need your apologies.
I don't need your assistance anymore.
I don't need your banal platitudes.
I don't need your charity.
I don't need your help anymore.
I don't need your help right now.
I don't need your help today.
I don't need your help, but you need mine.
I don't need your help, thanks.
I don't need your help.
I don't need your ivy on my house.
I don't need your job.
I don't need your love anymore.
I don't need your money to succeed.
I don't need your money.
I don't need your money. I just need your time.
I don't need your money. I need your time.
I don't need your money. What I need is your time.
I don't need your opinion.
I don't need your opinions.
I don't need your permission to be who I am.
I don't need your permission to do that.
I don't need your permission to do this.
I don't need your permission to do what I want.
I don't need your permission.
I don't need your pity.
I don't need your praise.
I don't need your presence.
I don't need your protection.
I don't need your sympathy.
I don't need your validation.
I don't need your verbal gentleness.
I don't negotiate.
I don't neuter them.
I don't normally agree with Tom.
I don't normally cry.
I don't normally dance.
I don't normally do that.
I don't normally do things like this.
I don't normally do this.
I don't normally eat this kind of food.
I don't normally go to Australia.
I don't normally go to Boston.
I don't normally lie.
I don't normally sing this kind of song.
I don't normally speak French.
I don't normally wear skirts.
I don't normally work on Friday.
I don't normally work on Monday.
I don't normally work on Mondays.
I don't normally write songs like that.
I don't not misunderstand what this sentence isn't not saying.
I don't not want you to not not go to the party without not asking me.
I don't notice any change in her circumstances.
I don't notice any difference.
I don't obey my father.
I don't obey the law. I am the law!
I don't obey them.
I don't object to that.
I don't object to you doing that.
I don't object to your going out to work, but who will look after the children?
I don't object to your plan.
I don't often agree with Tom.
I don't often agree with you.
I don't often argue with my wife.
I don't often ask questions.
I don't often beg.
I don't often buy bread.
I don't often buy expensive clothes.
I don't often come here anymore.
I don't often come here for obvious reasons.
I don't often come here.
I don't often come to Australia anymore.
I don't often come to Australia.
I don't often come to Boston anymore.
I don't often come to Boston.
I don't often complain.
I don't often cry.
I don't often do my homework before dinner.
I don't often do that alone.
I don't often do that anymore.
I don't often do that at home.
I don't often do that by myself.
I don't often do that here.
I don't often do that in October.
I don't often do that in the afternoon.
I don't often do that in the evening.
I don't often do that in the morning.
I don't often do that on Monday.
I don't often do that on Mondays.
I don't often do that with Tom.
I don't often do that.
I don't often do the same thing as Tom does.
I don't often do the same thing as Tom.
I don't often do this kind of thing.
I don't often do this.
I don't often drink beer at home.
I don't often drink beer.
I don't often drink coffee in the afternoon.
I don't often drink coffee.
I don't often drink fruit juice.
I don't often drink tequila.
I don't often drink white wine.
I don't often drink wine.
I don't often drive a van.
I don't often drive over the speed limit.
I don't often eat at home.
I don't often eat bananas.
I don't often eat between meals.
I don't often eat deep-fried food.
I don't often eat in restaurants that have pictures of food on their menus.
I don't often eat in restaurants with pictures of food on their menus.
I don't often eat lunch with my wife.
I don't often eat meat anymore.
I don't often eat mushrooms.
I don't often eat out with my family.
I don't often eat out.
I don't often feel jealousy, because I have a big imagination.
I don't often get a chance to do that.
I don't often get a chance to leave early.
I don't often get depressed.
I don't often get home on Monday until about 2:30.
I don't often get invited to parties.
I don't often get to Australia in the winter.
I don't often get to Boston in October.
I don't often go hiking by myself.
I don't often go on trips with my dad.
I don't often go out to eat.
I don't often go surfing with Tom.
I don't often go there anymore.
I don't often go there.
I don't often go to Australia in the winter.
I don't often go to Australia.
I don't often go to Boston alone.
I don't often go to Boston, but every time I do, I enjoy it a lot.
I don't often go to Boston.
I don't often go to church.
I don't often go to lunch with Tom.
I don't often have a chance to speak French with a native speaker.
I don't often have a chance to speak French.
I don't often have an opportunity to use French.
I don't often have the chance to do that.
I don't often have the chance to leave early.
I don't often have the chance to speak French.
I don't often have weekends off.
I don't often kiss Tom anymore.
I don't often laugh.
I don't often leave early.
I don't often leave my house anymore.
I don't often let Tom drive my car.
I don't often listen to classical music.
I don't often listen to music anymore.
I don't often listen to music at home.
I don't often make mistakes when writing in French.
I don't often make mistakes.
I don't often play backgammon.
I don't often play golf anymore.
I don't often read books in French.
I don't often read non-fiction books.
I don't often see Tom here.
I don't often see you here.
I don't often sing in French.
I don't often sing.
I don't often sleep on planes.
I don't often smile.
I don't often speak French.
I don't often stay out late at night.
I don't often stay up late at night.
I don't often study French.
I don't often swim anymore.
I don't often take holidays.
I don't often take naps.
I don't often take vacations.
I don't often talk about these kinds of things.
I don't often talk on the phone.
I don't often talk to people I don't know.
I don't often talk to strangers.
I don't often tell jokes.
I don't often think about the past.
I don't often use these.
I don't often walk to school.
I don't often watch TV anymore.
I don't often watch movies in French.
I don't often wear a hat.
I don't often wear a suit.
I don't often wear a tie anymore.
I don't often wear a tie.
I don't often wear corduroys.
I don't often wear makeup.
I don't often wear this color.
I don't often win when playing tennis with Tom.
I don't often win.
I don't often work on Mondays.
I don't often write letters.
I don't oil their gears.
I don't only add sentences that can be used in exams.
I don't only add sentences that can be used on exams.
I don't ordinarily do this.
I don't ovulate.
I don't owe Sami anything.
I don't owe Tom any explanations.
I don't owe Tom anything.
I don't owe any money.
I don't owe anybody anything!
I don't owe anybody anything.
I don't owe anyone an explanation.
I don't owe anyone anything.
I don't owe anyone else an explanation.
I don't owe anything to anybody!
I don't owe anything to anyone.
I don't owe him anything.
I don't owe you a dime.
I don't owe you a red cent.
I don't owe you an answer.
I don't owe you an explanation.
I don't owe you any explanation.
I don't owe you anything, your life belongs to you and you only, and I don't have to impose on you my life choices.
I don't owe you anything.
I don't owe you guys anything.
I don't owe you my undying loyalty.
I don't owe you squat!
I don't own a TV.
I don't own a black suit.
I don't own a car.
I don't own a computer.
I don't own a guitar.
I don't own a gun because I would just end up losing it.
I don't own a gun.
I don't own a horse.
I don't own a house.
I don't own a suit.
I don't own a surfboard.
I don't own a television.
I don't own a trench coat.
I don't own a vehicle.
I don't own a violin.
I don't own all the facts yet to solve and to come at the final solution to this issue.
I don't own an umbrella.
I don't own any expensive jewellery.
I don't own any expensive jewelry.
I don't own any physical books.
I don't own any real jewels.
I don't own one of those things.
I don't own the house I live in.
I don't own this sentence.
I don't pack your suitcases.
I don't paint very well.
I don't particularly care for this painting.
I don't particularly care what you think.
I don't particularly care.
I don't particularly enjoy the taste of fish oil.
I don't particularly like Tom.
I don't particularly like her.
I don't particularly like him, but I don't wish him any harm.
I don't particularly like the quote.
I don't particularly like the taste of diet soda.
I don't particularly mind.
I don't particularly want to be here at all.
I don't particularly want to do it.
I don't particularly want to do that.
I don't particularly want to go swimming.
I don't particularly want to see it.
I don't particularly want to see the game.
I don't particularly want to sing.
I don't particularly want to watch the game.
I don't party. I'm Muslim.
I don't pay Tom to do that.
I don't pay any attention to rumors.
I don't pay any mind to that.
I don't pay attention anymore.
I don't pay attention to detail.
I don't pay attention to gossip.
I don't pay attention to the rumors I hear; let everyone do as they please with their life.
I don't pay attention to what she wears.
I don't pay her.
I don't pay much attention to Tom.
I don't pay much attention to astrological predictions.
I don't pay much attention to the gossip around town.
I don't pay much attention to those kinds of things.
I don't pay much attention to what Tom says.
I don't pay them any mind.
I don't pay them.
I don't pay you enough, do I?
I don't pay you to drink beer, but to work.
I don't pay you to think.
I don't pay! I'm a musketeer.
I don't peel their fruits.
I don't perform well under stress.
I don't permit him to come close to me.
I don't personally agree with it.
I don't personally know Tom.
I don't pet your dogs.
I don't pick out their clothes.
I don't pick the fruits for them.
I don't pick up hitchhikers.
I don't place as much importance on school as the other boys.
I don't plan on being a waiter all my life.
I don't plan on being here that long.
I don't plan on being there.
I don't plan on dancing.
I don't plan on doing it.
I don't plan on doing that again.
I don't plan on doing that anymore.
I don't plan on doing that anytime soon.
I don't plan on doing that by myself.
I don't plan on doing that here.
I don't plan on doing that today.
I don't plan on doing that until Tom and Mary tell me to.
I don't plan on doing that until Tom tells me to.
I don't plan on doing that until you tell me to.
I don't plan on doing that when Tom and Mary are around.
I don't plan on doing that when Tom is around.
I don't plan on doing that.
I don't plan on doing the same thing Tom does.
I don't plan on doing the same thing Tom is doing.
I don't plan on driving my car today.
I don't plan on ever doing that again.
I don't plan on getting caught.
I don't plan on going anywhere tomorrow.
I don't plan on going back there again.
I don't plan on going out anywhere in that cold.
I don't plan on going out.
I don't plan on leaving today.
I don't plan on leaving until the day after tomorrow.
I don't plan on losing.
I don't plan on retiring yet.
I don't plan on rocking the boat.
I don't plan on sitting in the back.
I don't plan on spending any more time on this.
I don't plan on spending any more time trying to do that.
I don't plan on staying here much longer.
I don't plan on stepping down.
I don't plan on telling Tom anything.
I don't plan on telling you anything.
I don't plan on working overtime today.
I don't plan to ask Tom for help.
I don't plan to ask Tom that question.
I don't plan to ask Tom to do that.
I don't plan to ask Tom to help.
I don't plan to ask Tom.
I don't plan to ask him.
I don't plan to be back home until next Monday.
I don't plan to be here that long.
I don't plan to be here tomorrow.
I don't plan to be there.
I don't plan to buy a new one at this time.
I don't plan to buy anything today.
I don't plan to change that.
I don't plan to come back here anytime soon.
I don't plan to come back here.
I don't plan to contribute any more money.
I don't plan to do anything special.
I don't plan to do that again.
I don't plan to do that anymore.
I don't plan to do that anytime soon.
I don't plan to do that by myself.
I don't plan to do that here.
I don't plan to do that now.
I don't plan to do that this week.
I don't plan to do that today.
I don't plan to do that until I have to.
I don't plan to do that until Monday.
I don't plan to do that until Tom and Mary tell me to.
I don't plan to do that until Tom tells me to.
I don't plan to do that until you tell me to.
I don't plan to do that when Tom and Mary are around.
I don't plan to do that when Tom is around.
I don't plan to do that.
I don't plan to do the same thing Tom does.
I don't plan to do the same thing Tom is doing.
I don't plan to do the same thing Tom plans to do.
I don't plan to drive my car today.
I don't plan to ever do that again.
I don't plan to ever do that.
I don't plan to follow Tom's advice.
I don't plan to get divorced from you unless you give me a valid reason.
I don't plan to get married.
I don't plan to get wet.
I don't plan to give up.
I don't plan to go anywhere tomorrow.
I don't plan to go back there again.
I don't plan to go back to Boston until Christmas.
I don't plan to go back to Boston.
I don't plan to go to Australia with Tom.
I don't plan to go to Australia.
I don't plan to go to Boston with Tom.
I don't plan to go to Boston.
I don't plan to go to Tom and Mary's wedding.
I don't plan to go to Tom's concert.
I don't plan to go to college.
I don't plan to hang out tonight. I need to prepare for my lessons.
I don't plan to leave any time soon.
I don't plan to leave anytime soon.
I don't plan to leave today.
I don't plan to meet Tom at the airport.
I don't plan to meet Tom until tomorrow.
I don't plan to retire until I'm 65.
I don't plan to return.
I don't plan to see Tom till tomorrow.
I don't plan to sell it.
I don't plan to sit in the back.
I don't plan to stay all day.
I don't plan to stay for very long.
I don't plan to stay here much longer.
I don't plan to stay in Australia very long.
I don't plan to stay in Boston for more than three days.
I don't plan to stay in Boston very long.
I don't plan to stay much longer.
I don't plan to stay there for long.
I don't plan to stay there long.
I don't plan to stay very long.
I don't plan to stay.
I don't plan to step down.
I don't plan to study French.
I don't plan to swim.
I don't plan to tell Tom what my plans are.
I don't plan to visit Australia.
I don't plan to visit Boston.
I don't plan to vote at the upcoming election.
I don't plan to vote in the upcoming elections.
I don't plan to wait for Tom.
I don't plan to wait for more than thirty minutes.
I don't plan to wait.
I don't plan to worry about Tom anymore.
I don't plant trees. It's nonsense.
I don't play accurately - anyone can play accurately - but I play with wonderful expression.
I don't play any instrument.
I don't play backgammon as often as I used to.
I don't play baseball very often.
I don't play baseball, but I like watching baseball on TV.
I don't play baseball.
I don't play basketball on Mondays.
I don't play basketball.
I don't play billiards.
I don't play cards.
I don't play chess anymore.
I don't play chess as often as I used to.
I don't play chess as well as I used to.
I don't play chess well, on the board or not.
I don't play computer games.
I don't play games lately anymore.
I don't play games.
I don't play golf anymore.
I don't play golf as much as I used to.
I don't play golf as often as I used to.
I don't play golf so much anymore.
I don't play golf.
I don't play guitar anymore.
I don't play internet games.
I don't play poker.
I don't play pool.
I don't play rugby.
I don't play soccer or hockey.
I don't play soccer.
I don't play sports.
I don't play table tennis with Tom as often as I used to.
I don't play tennis after school.
I don't play tennis all that well.
I don't play tennis as much as I used to.
I don't play tennis as often as I used to.
I don't play tennis as often as I'd like to.
I don't play tennis as well as I used to.
I don't play tennis that well.
I don't play tennis very often.
I don't play tennis very well.
I don't play tennis, but I play table tennis.
I don't play tennis.
I don't play that game.
I don't play the banjo as well as Tom does.
I don't play the banjo as well as Tom.
I don't play the bassoon as much as I used to.
I don't play the cello as well as I wish I could.
I don't play the clarinet very well, but I'm pretty good at playing the flute.
I don't play the guitar very well, but Tom and Mary do.
I don't play the guitar very well, but Tom does.
I don't play the guitar very well.
I don't play the mandolin as well as you do.
I don't play the mandolin as well as you.
I don't play the oboe.
I don't play the piano anymore.
I don't play the piano as often as I used to.
I don't play the piano very well.
I don't play the piano.
I don't play the saxophone as well as Tom does.
I don't play the saxophone as well as Tom.
I don't play the trombone anymore.
I don't play the trombone as well as you do.
I don't play the trumpet as well as I used to.
I don't play these games.
I don't play video games anymore.
I don't play video games.
I don't play volleyball.
I don't play with toys anymore.
I don't poke my nose into other people's business.
I don't polish them.
I don't practice anymore.
I don't practice medicine anymore.
I don't practice the piano as often as I should.
I don't prefer to wear red lipstick.
I don't pretend to like him.
I don't pretend to love him.
I don't pretend to understand global warming.
I don't pretend to understand women.
I don't procrastinate as much as I used to.
I don't produce their films.
I don't promise any of that.
I don't pronounce all the words for them.
I don't pull them by their hair.
I don't put potatoes in the refrigerator.
I don't put sex first.
I don't put sugar in my coffee.
I don't put sugar in my tea.
I don't put syrup on french toast.
I don't put syrup on my pancakes.
I don't put up with your whims anymore.
I don't quarrel.
I don't question that in the slightest.
I don't quite agree with Tom.
I don't quite agree with you.
I don't quite agree.
I don't quite believe it when I hear someone claim they can speak more than five languages fluently.
I don't quite believe what he says.
I don't quite buy it.
I don't quite feel at ease yet.
I don't quite follow you.
I don't quite follow, but it looks like it will prove tricky. Ergh.
I don't quite follow.
I don't quite know how it happened.
I don't quite know how to say this.
I don't quite know what to do.
I don't quite know what to say.
I don't quite know where to begin.
I don't quite know yet.
I don't quite know.
I don't quite remember when I did that.
I don't quite see how that's going to help us.
I don't quite see it that way.
I don't quite understand that either.
I don't quite understand what he says.
I don't quite understand what you are saying.
I don't quite understand what you mean.
I don't quite understand what you want to say.
I don't quite understand what you're getting at.
I don't quite understand what's going on.
I don't quite understand why you're commenting on a French sentence in English.
I don't quite understand you.
I don't quite understand.
I don't react well to surprises.
I don't read French novels.
I don't read French.
I don't read a lot of books.
I don't read any of the messages that Tom sends me.
I don't read as many books as I used to.
I don't read as many books as I'd like to.
I don't read as many books as I'd like.
I don't read as much as I used to.
I don't read as much as I'd like to.
I don't read as much as I'd like.
I don't read books in French.
I don't read books you don't read.
I don't read books.
I don't read comic books anymore.
I don't read comic books.
I don't read comics anymore.
I don't read fan fiction.
I don't read fiction.
I don't read his novels.
I don't read his stories.
I don't read magazines anymore.
I don't read magazines very often.
I don't read much anymore.
I don't read much.
I don't read newspapers much.
I don't read nonfiction.
I don't read novels.
I don't read poetry.
I don't read that kind of book.
I don't read the news.
I don't read the newspapers.
I don't read this kind of book much.
I don't read this kind of book very often.
I don't read very fast.
I don't read.
I don't really agree with that.
I don't really agree.
I don't really approve of gambling.
I don't really believe in languages with obligatory tense. I prefer a comprehensive set of tenses, aspects, moods, and evidentials in a language, and they're all optional for use.
I don't really believe that nonsense.
I don't really believe that.
I don't really blame you.
I don't really buy it.
I don't really care about it.
I don't really care about others' opinions.
I don't really care about that.
I don't really care all that much.
I don't really care anymore.
I don't really care either way.
I don't really care for that sort of thing.
I don't really care how Tom and Mary do that.
I don't really care how Tom does that as long as he does it.
I don't really care how Tom does that.
I don't really care how you do it.
I don't really care how you do that.
I don't really care one way or another.
I don't really care that much.
I don't really care what Tom and Mary buy.
I don't really care what Tom and Mary do.
I don't really care what Tom and Mary want.
I don't really care what Tom buys.
I don't really care what Tom does.
I don't really care what Tom says.
I don't really care what Tom thinks.
I don't really care what Tom wants.
I don't really care what happens.
I don't really care what people say about me.
I don't really care what you buy.
I don't really care what you do.
I don't really care what you say.
I don't really care what you think.
I don't really care where Tom and Mary have been.
I don't really care where Tom has been.
I don't really care whether I win or not.
I don't really care whether Tom and Mary like me or not.
I don't really care whether Tom does that or not.
I don't really care whether Tom likes me or not.
I don't really care whether you do that or not.
I don't really care who wins.
I don't really care.
I don't really care. Do you?
I don't really celebrate my birthday.
I don't really cook much.
I don't really deserve all the praise I've been getting.
I don't really do Halloween.
I don't really do that very much.
I don't really enjoy being here.
I don't really enjoy being in Australia.
I don't really enjoy being in Boston.
I don't really enjoy doing math anymore. But I still have some classes I need to take for my degree, so might as well get them over with. I don't really have a choice.
I don't really enjoy doing that anymore.
I don't really enjoy doing that as much as I used to.
I don't really enjoy doing that with Tom.
I don't really enjoy doing that.
I don't really enjoy doing this.
I don't really enjoy eating at expensive restaurants.
I don't really enjoy hanging out with Tom.
I don't really enjoy jogging, but I jog every day.
I don't really enjoy most rap music.
I don't really enjoy mountain climbing.
I don't really enjoy opera very much.
I don't really enjoy playing chess, but Tom loves playing.
I don't really enjoy playing games on my phone.
I don't really enjoy playing poker.
I don't really enjoy playing tennis with Tom.
I don't really enjoy reading poetry.
I don't really enjoy singing with Tom.
I don't really enjoy studying French.
I don't really enjoy swimming laps.
I don't really enjoy swimming with Tom.
I don't really enjoy talking with Tom.
I don't really enjoy that.
I don't really enjoy traveling.
I don't really enjoy watching baseball on TV.
I don't really enjoy watching golf.
I don't really expect Tom to answer that question.
I don't really expect Tom to be at my party.
I don't really expect Tom to change his mind.
I don't really expect Tom to come to my party.
I don't really expect Tom to do that.
I don't really expect Tom to talk to Mary.
I don't really expect Tom to win.
I don't really expect to win.
I don't really feel hungry right now.
I don't really feel like cutting any deals.
I don't really feel like doing it.
I don't really feel like doing that again.
I don't really feel like doing that anymore.
I don't really feel like doing that today.
I don't really feel like doing that.
I don't really feel like drinking beer right now.
I don't really feel like eating Ethiopian food tonight.
I don't really feel like going camping with Tom.
I don't really feel like going out anyway.
I don't really feel like going there by myself.
I don't really feel like going there today.
I don't really feel like going there.
I don't really feel like going to school this morning.
I don't really feel like it.
I don't really feel like laughing.
I don't really feel like playing backgammon with Tom.
I don't really feel like playing badminton.
I don't really feel like playing chess right now.
I don't really feel like reading.
I don't really feel like seeing him.
I don't really feel like studying.
I don't really feel like swimming.
I don't really feel like waiting.
I don't really feel like working today.
I don't really feel myself today.
I don't really feel sick.
I don't really feel that way.
I don't really get along with them.
I don't really get it.
I don't really get it; there are survivors still alive today.
I don't really get out much.
I don't really get the point.
I don't really give a damn about the decoration of our wedding.
I don't really give a fuck.
I don't really go out much.
I don't really go to the library that much.
I don't really have a boyfriend.
I don't really have a chance.
I don't really have a choice.
I don't really have a cold.
I don't really have a family.
I don't really have a favorite color.
I don't really have a favorite movie.
I don't really have a favorite song.
I don't really have a gun.
I don't really have a job.
I don't really have a lot of drive or inner motivation.
I don't really have a need for literature right now.
I don't really have a plan.
I don't really have a preference.
I don't really have a problem with it.
I don't really have a stance on this.
I don't really have any close friends.
I don't really have any comments.
I don't really have any money left after that.
I don't really have any plans.
I don't really have anything to do right now.
I don't really have much choice.
I don't really have much in common with Tom.
I don't really have the patience.
I don't really have time for this.
I don't really have time to do that right now.
I don't really have time to do that.
I don't really have time to go downtown.
I don't really have time to take a nap. However, I'm feeling really tired.
I don't really have to do that anymore.
I don't really have to do that now.
I don't really have to do that today.
I don't really have to do that, do I?
I don't really have to do that.
I don't really have to go with Tom, but I'm going to.
I don't really know French well enough to teach it.
I don't really know Tom all that well.
I don't really know Tom at all.
I don't really know Tom that well.
I don't really know Tom very well.
I don't really know Tom.
I don't really know all that much about you.
I don't really know any other Muslims here in Alaska.
I don't really know anybody in town except Tom.
I don't really know anyone here, apart from you, of course.
I don't really know anything about Tom.
I don't really know anything about cars.
I don't really know anything about cats.
I don't really know anything about that.
I don't really know anything about the pharmacology of venlafaxine.
I don't really know anything!
I don't really know anything.
I don't really know either.
I don't really know her at all.
I don't really know her well.
I don't really know her.
I don't really know him at all.
I don't really know him, so I don't really trust him.
I don't really know him.
I don't really know how I feel.
I don't really know how else I can explain that.
I don't really know how it happened.
I don't really know how old Tom is.
I don't really know how this is going to work.
I don't really know how this works.
I don't really know how to dance.
I don't really know how to deal with Tom.
I don't really know how to deal with stress.
I don't really know how to do that very well.
I don't really know how to do that.
I don't really know how to drive.
I don't really know how to pronounce that word.
I don't really know if I can eat anything.
I don't really know if it was good or bad.
I don't really know if it's a good idea or not.
I don't really know if that's a good idea or not.
I don't really know much French.
I don't really know much about Australia.
I don't really know much about Boston.
I don't really know much about French.
I don't really know much about Tom.
I don't really know much about you.
I don't really know that much about Tom.
I don't really know that much.
I don't really know them at all.
I don't really know them.
I don't really know very much French.
I don't really know very much about Boston.
I don't really know very much about Tom.
I don't really know very much about computers.
I don't really know very much about you.
I don't really know what I need to do.
I don't really know what I should be doing now.
I don't really know what I should buy.
I don't really know what I should do.
I don't really know what I would like to be when I grow up, but I hope I have a job doing something I enjoy.
I don't really know what I'm doing.
I don't really know what happened to Tom.
I don't really know what happened.
I don't really know what it is.
I don't really know what that is.
I don't really know what that means.
I don't really know what the problem is yet.
I don't really know what this means.
I don't really know what to buy.
I don't really know what to do.
I don't really know what to say.
I don't really know what was going on.
I don't really know what you mean.
I don't really know what's happening; I haven't lived there in quite a while.
I don't really know where to go.
I don't really know why Tom wanted me to do that.
I don't really know why he wrote the book.
I don't really know why this happens.
I don't really know why, but they don't like me.
I don't really know why.
I don't really know you.
I don't really know.
I don't really like Australia very much.
I don't really like Boston very much.
I don't really like Boston.
I don't really like Chinese food.
I don't really like Italian food so much.
I don't really like Italian food very much.
I don't really like Mexican food.
I don't really like Professor Miller's teaching methods.
I don't really like Tom all that much.
I don't really like Tom anyway.
I don't really like Tom very much.
I don't really like Tom.
I don't really like Xiaomi phones, and I think that they're for losers. They're like knock-offs.
I don't really like any of that.
I don't really like beer.
I don't really like bothering people.
I don't really like cafeteria food.
I don't really like carrots, so I don't usually eat them.
I don't really like cats.
I don't really like cheese.
I don't really like chicken.
I don't really like dogs all that much.
I don't really like dogs.
I don't really like doing that.
I don't really like doing things like this.
I don't really like doing this kind of thing.
I don't really like doing this very much.
I don't really like doing this.
I don't really like exercising, but my doctor tells me I need to.
I don't really like fucking Tom.
I don't really like going to bars.
I don't really like going to school very much.
I don't really like green peppers very much.
I don't really like her anyway.
I don't really like her.
I don't really like him anyway.
I don't really like him, in a nutshell, I think he is an idiot.
I don't really like him, in fact, I hate him.
I don't really like him.
I don't really like horror movies.
I don't really like horses.
I don't really like ice cream very much.
I don't really like living next to the road.
I don't really like movies.
I don't really like my French teacher.
I don't really like my job.
I don't really like oysters.
I don't really like punk rock very much.
I don't really like punk rock.
I don't really like putting on the suit.
I don't really like spicy food so much.
I don't really like studying French.
I don't really like studying.
I don't really like talking to strangers.
I don't really like tea.
I don't really like tennis.
I don't really like that idea.
I don't really like the mall stores.
I don't really like the shops here.
I don't really like the stores there.
I don't really like the way Mr. Jackson teaches.
I don't really like the way Tom does that.
I don't really like them anyway.
I don't really like this beach.
I don't really like this kind of food.
I don't really like this kind of music.
I don't really like this neighborhood.
I don't really like this place.
I don't really like this restaurant.
I don't really like this shirt.
I don't really like this.
I don't really like to swim.
I don't really like to talk about Tom.
I don't really like to talk about it.
I don't really like watching sports on TV.
I don't really like you either.
I don't really like you.
I don't really look at it that way.
I don't really love you anymore.
I don't really mind any more.
I don't really mind as long as the server doesn't go down for more than 30 minutes.
I don't really mind.
I don't really need a loan.
I don't really need another car.
I don't really need that.
I don't really need the money.
I don't really need this.
I don't really need to do that anymore.
I don't really need to do that right now.
I don't really need to do that today.
I don't really need to do that, do I?
I don't really need to do that.
I don't really need to do this.
I don't really need to go to Boston.
I don't really need to learn how to do that.
I don't really need your help.
I don't really plan on doing that.
I don't really plan to do that.
I don't really plan to stay up all night.
I don't really read newspapers.
I don't really recall.
I don't really remember all that much about what happened.
I don't really remember it.
I don't really remember much about my grandparents.
I don't really remember very much about what happened.
I don't really remember what Tom looked like. I don't think I'd recognise him now if I saw him in the street.
I don't really remember what Tom looks like.
I don't really remember what day it was exactly.
I don't really remember what happened.
I don't really remember when that happened.
I don't really remember when we did that.
I don't really remember who I gave that to.
I don't really remember why we did that.
I don't really remember why.
I don't really remember.
I don't really see it like that.
I don't really see it that way.
I don't really see that happening.
I don't really see what the problem is.
I don't really sing like that.
I don't really sing.
I don't really speak French very well.
I don't really speak French, but I know a lot about French.
I don't really speak French.
I don't really talk a lot.
I don't really think I can do that.
I don't really think I could do that.
I don't really think I have to do that.
I don't really think I need to do that.
I don't really think Mary did that by herself.
I don't really think Tom and Mary did that by themselves.
I don't really think Tom and Mary have to do that.
I don't really think Tom and Mary need to do that.
I don't really think Tom and Mary want to do that.
I don't really think Tom and Mary want to go.
I don't really think Tom can do that.
I don't really think Tom can win.
I don't really think Tom could do that.
I don't really think Tom did that by himself.
I don't really think Tom did that.
I don't really think Tom had to do that.
I don't really think Tom has to do that.
I don't really think Tom needed to do that.
I don't really think Tom needs to do that.
I don't really think Tom wanted to do that.
I don't really think Tom wants to do that.
I don't really think Tom wants to go.
I don't really think about it.
I don't really think it's much of a secret.
I don't really think so.
I don't really think that I have to do that.
I don't really think that I need to do that.
I don't really think that Tom did that.
I don't really think that Tom needs our help.
I don't really think that Tom wants to do that.
I don't really think that Tom wants to go.
I don't really think that you're helping the situation.
I don't really think there'll be any trouble.
I don't really think we can do that.
I don't really trust Tom.
I don't really trust her.
I don't really trust him.
I don't really trust them.
I don't really trust you.
I don't really understand French.
I don't really understand Tom.
I don't really understand football.
I don't really understand footwear.
I don't really understand her.
I don't really understand him.
I don't really understand his English.
I don't really understand how that works.
I don't really understand it myself.
I don't really understand it yet.
I don't really understand it.
I don't really understand that.
I don't really understand the context or the intended meaning of this sentence.
I don't really understand the difference between the two.
I don't really understand the problem.
I don't really understand this part.
I don't really understand this site's navigation.
I don't really understand this.
I don't really understand what Tom wants to do.
I don't really understand what he's saying.
I don't really understand what just happened.
I don't really understand what the difference between the two is.
I don't really understand what the imam is saying.
I don't really understand what you mean.
I don't really understand what you want to say with it.
I don't really understand what you want to say.
I don't really understand why.
I don't really understand you.
I don't really understand your question.
I don't really understand.
I don't really use Facebook that much.
I don't really want Tom at my party.
I don't really want Tom to come.
I don't really want Tom to do that.
I don't really want Tom to help Mary.
I don't really want Tom to help me.
I don't really want anything to eat right now.
I don't really want that to happen.
I don't really want that.
I don't really want to be all by myself.
I don't really want to be here.
I don't really want to be there.
I don't really want to bother you with my problems.
I don't really want to buy anything today.
I don't really want to buy anything.
I don't really want to dance.
I don't really want to deal with the situation.
I don't really want to debate this.
I don't really want to do it.
I don't really want to do that anymore.
I don't really want to do that now.
I don't really want to do that right now.
I don't really want to do that with Tom.
I don't really want to do that with you.
I don't really want to do that.
I don't really want to do this.
I don't really want to eat Chinese food tonight.
I don't really want to eat now.
I don't really want to eat right now.
I don't really want to eat with Tom.
I don't really want to go bowling with Tom.
I don't really want to go camping with Tom.
I don't really want to go fishing with Tom.
I don't really want to go out today.
I don't really want to go out.
I don't really want to go outside, but I know I need some fresh air.
I don't really want to go skiing with Tom.
I don't really want to go swimming today.
I don't really want to go swimming with Tom.
I don't really want to go swimming with you.
I don't really want to go swimming.
I don't really want to go there by myself.
I don't really want to go there.
I don't really want to go to Australia with Tom.
I don't really want to go to Australia.
I don't really want to go to Boston with Tom.
I don't really want to go to Boston.
I don't really want to go to Tom's party.
I don't really want to go to school today.
I don't really want to go with you.
I don't really want to go.
I don't really want to have another child.
I don't really want to know what's going on.
I don't really want to know.
I don't really want to learn French.
I don't really want to learn how to do that.
I don't really want to learn how to play the trombone.
I don't really want to leave yet.
I don't really want to leave you.
I don't really want to listen to Tom jerk off his guitar for an hour.
I don't really want to live in Australia.
I don't really want to live in Boston.
I don't really want to live there.
I don't really want to look at that.
I don't really want to paint my house blue.
I don't really want to pay that much for a new car.
I don't really want to play tennis this afternoon.
I don't really want to see him.
I don't really want to see you suffer.
I don't really want to sell this, but I need the money.
I don't really want to sing that song.
I don't really want to sing.
I don't really want to spend much more time on this.
I don't really want to stop.
I don't really want to take my chances.
I don't really want to talk about Tom.
I don't really want to talk about it.
I don't really want to talk about that.
I don't really want to talk about this now.
I don't really want to talk right now.
I don't really want to talk to Tom about that.
I don't really want to talk to you at the moment.
I don't really want to talk to you right now.
I don't really want to talk to you.
I don't really want to tell Tom where I was.
I don't really want to think about it.
I don't really want to visit Boston.
I don't really want to walk home in the rain.
I don't really want to wear a tie to work, but I have to.
I don't really want to, either.
I don't really want to.
I don't really want you mad at me.
I don't really watch TV.
I don't recall asking for your advice.
I don't recall asking for your opinion.
I don't recall asking you for help.
I don't recall asking you to do that.
I don't recall doing that.
I don't recall ever having lied to you.
I don't recall ever wanting to be a fireman or a baseball player as a youth.
I don't recall saying that.
I don't recall seeing Tom.
I don't recall seeing her.
I don't recall seeing him.
I don't recall seeing them.
I don't recall such depth of feeling from her.
I don't recall that name.
I don't recall when he told me about it.
I don't recall you ever informing me about your food preferences.
I don't recall you saying anything about that.
I don't recall.
I don't receive on Sundays.
I don't recognize Dan's authority and I don't see why I should follow his rules.
I don't recognize any of the people in the picture.
I don't recognize any of them.
I don't recognize any of these men.
I don't recognize any of these names.
I don't recognize anyone.
I don't recognize anything.
I don't recognize her.
I don't recognize him anymore.
I don't recognize him.
I don't recognize it.
I don't recognize myself.
I don't recognize over half of these names.
I don't recognize that bum.
I don't recognize that car.
I don't recognize that guy.
I don't recognize that name.
I don't recognize that.
I don't recognize the language they're speaking.
I don't recognize the number.
I don't recognize the sound.
I don't recognize the town I grew up in.
I don't recognize them.
I don't recognize this handwriting.
I don't recognize this place.
I don't recognize this shirt. Whose is it?
I don't recognize your despotic authority.
I don't recognize your dictatorial rules.
I don't recommend doing it that way.
I don't recommend doing that that way.
I don't recommend doing that the way Tom suggested.
I don't recommend doing that.
I don't recommend eating in that restaurant. The food is awful.
I don't recommend following my example.
I don't recommend it.
I don't recommend that approach.
I don't recommend that at all.
I don't recommend that.
I don't recommend them.
I don't recommend this approach.
I don't recommend this art gallery.
I don't recommend this book.
I don't recommend this technique.
I don't recommend watching this movie.
I don't recommend you translate this sentence literally.
I don't recycle them.
I don't regret a thing.
I don't regret any of it.
I don't regret anything at all.
I don't regret anything either.
I don't regret anything.
I don't regret arriving late.
I don't regret coming here.
I don't regret doing it.
I don't regret doing that.
I don't regret doing what I did.
I don't regret it at all.
I don't regret it for a second.
I don't regret it one bit.
I don't regret it.
I don't regret kissing Tom.
I don't regret leaving the country.
I don't regret my actions.
I don't regret my decision.
I don't regret our love story one bit.
I don't regret quitting my job.
I don't regret saying no.
I don't regret that decision.
I don't regret the days spent with Tom.
I don't regret the days that I spent with Tom.
I don't regret the time spent on Tatoeba. How could I?
I don't regret this.
I don't regret what I did.
I don't regret what I've done.
I don't regret what happened last night.
I don't regret what happened.
I don't relie on him.
I don't relie on them.
I don't rely on anyone.
I don't remember Mary's maiden name.
I don't remember Mary's smile anymore.
I don't remember Tom asking me to do that.
I don't remember Tom asking me to help.
I don't remember Tom asking us to do that.
I don't remember Tom being so nice.
I don't remember Tom being so tall.
I don't remember Tom being there.
I don't remember Tom doing that.
I don't remember Tom ever being wrong.
I don't remember Tom saying that.
I don't remember Tom telling me that.
I don't remember Tom telling me to do that.
I don't remember Tom telling us to do that.
I don't remember Tom very well.
I don't remember Tom working here.
I don't remember Tom's address.
I don't remember Tom's brothers' name.
I don't remember Tom's children's names.
I don't remember Tom's exact words.
I don't remember Tom's face.
I don't remember Tom's father's name.
I don't remember Tom's girlfriend's name.
I don't remember Tom's grandparents very well.
I don't remember Tom's last name.
I don't remember Tom's older brother's name.
I don't remember Tom's older sister's name.
I don't remember Tom's parents' names.
I don't remember Tom's sister's name.
I don't remember Tom's sisters' names.
I don't remember Tom's uncle's name.
I don't remember Tom's wife's name.
I don't remember Tom's younger brother's name.
I don't remember Tom's younger sister's name.
I don't remember Tom.
I don't remember a single joke.
I don't remember a thing.
I don't remember actually deciding to do that.
I don't remember agreeing to anything.
I don't remember agreeing to do that.
I don't remember agreeing to help Tom.
I don't remember agreeing to help you.
I don't remember agreeing to that.
I don't remember all the details.
I don't remember all the specifics.
I don't remember any more.
I don't remember any of it.
I don't remember any of that.
I don't remember any of their names.
I don't remember any of this.
I don't remember anybody doing that.
I don't remember anybody named Tom.
I don't remember anymore.
I don't remember anyone by that name.
I don't remember anyone doing that.
I don't remember anyone named Tom.
I don't remember anyone saying anything about that.
I don't remember anything about it.
I don't remember anything about my childhood.
I don't remember anything about my past lives.
I don't remember anything about that.
I don't remember anything about the accident.
I don't remember anything about the incident.
I don't remember anything about them.
I don't remember anything about what happened yesterday.
I don't remember anything at all.
I don't remember anything being said about that.
I don't remember anything else at this time.
I don't remember anything else right now.
I don't remember anything else.
I don't remember anything from that night.
I don't remember anything from the accident.
I don't remember anything happening.
I don't remember anything.
I don't remember anything. I must have passed out.
I don't remember anything. I must've passed out.
I don't remember asking Tom for help.
I don't remember asking Tom to do that.
I don't remember asking for it.
I don't remember asking for your opinion.
I don't remember asking you for your advice.
I don't remember asking you to do that.
I don't remember being given a choice.
I don't remember being there.
I don't remember buying that.
I don't remember buying this.
I don't remember calling you.
I don't remember doing any of that.
I don't remember doing anything like that.
I don't remember doing it.
I don't remember doing that with you.
I don't remember doing that.
I don't remember doing what everybody says I did.
I don't remember drinking that much.
I don't remember eating here.
I don't remember ever lying to you.
I don't remember ever meeting Tom Jackson.
I don't remember ever meeting you before.
I don't remember ever seeing Tom carrying a red bag.
I don't remember ever seeing one of these before.
I don't remember ever seeing you here before.
I don't remember ever wanting to become a fireman or a baseball player when I was young.
I don't remember everyone.
I don't remember everything that we did that day, but I do remember that we were both exhausted by the end of the day.
I don't remember everything that we did that day, but I do remember we were both exhausted by the end of the day.
I don't remember everything we did that day, but I do remember that we were both exhausted by the end of the day.
I don't remember everything we did that day, but I do remember we were both exhausted by the end of the day.
I don't remember exactly anymore.
I don't remember exactly how much I paid.
I don't remember exactly the date.
I don't remember exactly what I was doing at the time.
I don't remember exactly what Tom said.
I don't remember exactly what happened next.
I don't remember exactly what happened.
I don't remember exactly what this cost, but it was over three hundred dollars.
I don't remember exactly where I parked my car.
I don't remember exactly where I put my keys.
I don't remember exactly where I put the keys.
I don't remember exactly, but I spent over 1000 euros.
I don't remember exactly, but I suppose it was Friday last week.
I don't remember exactly, but I suppose it was last Friday.
I don't remember exactly.
I don't remember for sure.
I don't remember getting paid for the work.
I don't remember getting up in the middle of the night.
I don't remember giving Tom a key.
I don't remember giving Tom the key.
I don't remember going to sleep.
I don't remember having done that.
I don't remember having had any toys when I was young.
I don't remember having heard of her.
I don't remember having said that.
I don't remember having seen Tom there.
I don't remember having seen anything like that on the construction site.
I don't remember having toys as a kid.
I don't remember hearing Tom say that.
I don't remember hearing that.
I don't remember hearing this song before.
I don't remember her exact words.
I don't remember her having a Kabyle accent.
I don't remember her name anymore.
I don't remember her name.
I don't remember her.
I don't remember him saying that.
I don't remember him.
I don't remember his exact words.
I don't remember his last name.
I don't remember his name anymore.
I don't remember his name.
I don't remember how I did that.
I don't remember how I did this before.
I don't remember how I did this.
I don't remember how I entered there, I was so full of sleep from that point on, that I had left the way I came.
I don't remember how I fixed it.
I don't remember how I found myself on the ground.
I don't remember how I got home last night.
I don't remember how I got home.
I don't remember how I got there.
I don't remember how I got this bruise.
I don't remember how I translated this sentence.
I don't remember how Tom and I met.
I don't remember how Tom reacted.
I don't remember how it happened.
I don't remember how it started.
I don't remember how long it took me to get to Boston.
I don't remember how long the meeting lasted.
I don't remember how many bottle of wine we drank, but I do remember waking up with a terrible headache.
I don't remember how many people were there.
I don't remember how many students were there.
I don't remember how many years Mary said she lived in Boston.
I don't remember how many years Tom and Mary said they lived in Boston.
I don't remember how many years Tom said he lived in Australia.
I don't remember how many years Tom said he lived in Boston.
I don't remember how much I drank last night.
I don't remember how much I paid for that.
I don't remember how much I paid for this jacket.
I don't remember how much I paid for this.
I don't remember how much money this cost me.
I don't remember how much sugar you want in your coffee.
I don't remember how much this cost.
I don't remember how old I was when I first heard that song, but I think it was when I was a teenager.
I don't remember how old I was when I learned to ride a bicycle.
I don't remember how old I was when that happened.
I don't remember how tall she is.
I don't remember how tall you are.
I don't remember how that movie ended.
I don't remember how the argument started.
I don't remember how the fight started.
I don't remember how the story ended.
I don't remember how this movie ends.
I don't remember how this word is spelled.
I don't remember how this works.
I don't remember how to do that.
I don't remember how to do this.
I don't remember how to get to Tom's house.
I don't remember how to get to Tom's place.
I don't remember how to get to Tom's.
I don't remember how to get to your house.
I don't remember how to spell your name.
I don't remember how to use the shredder.
I don't remember how to use this tool.
I don't remember how we ended up in Australia.
I don't remember how we ended up in Boston.
I don't remember how we got here.
I don't remember if Don Quixote wore a hat or not.
I don't remember if I already added salt.
I don't remember if I did that or not.
I don't remember if I fed the fish.
I don't remember if I locked my bike.
I don't remember if I locked my locker.
I don't remember if I locked the back door.
I don't remember if I locked the car door.
I don't remember if I locked the door or not.
I don't remember if I locked the door.
I don't remember if I locked the front gate.
I don't remember if I locked the windows.
I don't remember if I told you that I am so jealous.
I don't remember if I took my medicine.
I don't remember if I turned off the lights.
I don't remember if I turned off the oven.
I don't remember if Tom did that or not.
I don't remember if Tom lent me the book or if I borrowed it from the library.
I don't remember if Tom's car was blue or not.
I don't remember if he lent me the book or if I borrowed it from the library.
I don't remember inviting Tom to dinner.
I don't remember inviting you here.
I don't remember inviting you.
I don't remember it at all.
I don't remember it that way.
I don't remember it.
I don't remember losing my memory.
I don't remember lying to you.
I don't remember mailing the letter.
I don't remember meeting Tom.
I don't remember much French.
I don't remember much Russian.
I don't remember much about Australia.
I don't remember much about Boston.
I don't remember much about Tom.
I don't remember much about that day.
I don't remember much about that woman.
I don't remember much about that.
I don't remember much about what happened that day.
I don't remember much after that.
I don't remember much of anything.
I don't remember much of my youth.
I don't remember much.
I don't remember my doctor's name.
I don't remember my dreams when I wake up.
I don't remember my dreams.
I don't remember my father anymore.
I don't remember my father ever scolding me for anything.
I don't remember my father's face accurately.
I don't remember my father.
I don't remember my first French teacher's name.
I don't remember my first kiss.
I don't remember my first-grade teacher's name.
I don't remember my grandmother's face accurately.
I don't remember my grandmother's face exactly.
I don't remember my grandparents.
I don't remember my height.
I don't remember my mother.
I don't remember my parents ever arguing with each other.
I don't remember my parents ever spanking me.
I don't remember my parents ever yelling at me.
I don't remember my password.
I don't remember opening this window.
I don't remember people's names as well as I used to.
I don't remember posting the letter.
I don't remember promising I'd do that.
I don't remember promising that I'd do that.
I don't remember promising that.
I don't remember putting it there.
I don't remember reading that in the Quran.
I don't remember reading that.
I don't remember reading your book.
I don't remember saying I like Tom.
I don't remember saying anything like that.
I don't remember saying anything.
I don't remember saying that.
I don't remember seeing Tom at the party.
I don't remember seeing Tom on the bus.
I don't remember seeing Tom there.
I don't remember seeing Tom.
I don't remember seeing it before.
I don't remember seeing that movie.
I don't remember seeing that.
I don't remember seeing the letter, but perhaps I read it.
I don't remember seeing you before.
I don't remember seeing you do that.
I don't remember seeing you two years ago.
I don't remember seeing you.
I don't remember sending that text message.
I don't remember sending that text.
I don't remember so much snow falling.
I don't remember talking to Tom about that.
I don't remember talking to Tom.
I don't remember telling Tom not to do that.
I don't remember telling Tom that.
I don't remember telling Tom to do that.
I don't remember telling you to close the door.
I don't remember that at all.
I don't remember that being there last night.
I don't remember that conversation.
I don't remember that day.
I don't remember that guy's name.
I don't remember that happening.
I don't remember that.
I don't remember the accident.
I don't remember the combination.
I don't remember the conversation.
I don't remember the day.
I don't remember the details.
I don't remember the end of the story any longer.
I don't remember the exact date.
I don't remember the exact words now.
I don't remember the exact words.
I don't remember the first time I met Tom.
I don't remember the first time I met him.
I don't remember the first time that I met Tom.
I don't remember the incident.
I don't remember the last time I climbed a tree.
I don't remember the last time I enjoyed myself this much.
I don't remember the last time I had so much fun.
I don't remember the last time I saw Tom.
I don't remember the last time Tom and I did that together.
I don't remember the last time Tom and I went swimming together.
I don't remember the lyrics to that song.
I don't remember the lyrics to this song.
I don't remember the name of that place.
I don't remember the name of the hotel where we stayed last summer.
I don't remember the name of the place we stayed last summer.
I don't remember the name of the restaurant we ate at last week.
I don't remember the names of Tom's children.
I don't remember the names of the beaches.
I don't remember the next part of the dream.
I don't remember the number of people.
I don't remember the precise date.
I don't remember the rest of the dream.
I don't remember the statistics.
I don't remember the title of that movie.
I don't remember the words.
I don't remember their names.
I don't remember them.
I don't remember things as well as I used to.
I don't remember this a bit.
I don't remember this guy's name.
I don't remember too much about what happened last night.
I don't remember too much.
I don't remember turning off the light.
I don't remember turning off the lights.
I don't remember turning off the stove.
I don't remember turning the lights off.
I don't remember very much French.
I don't remember very much.
I don't remember visiting Australia.
I don't remember visiting Boston.
I don't remember well.
I don't remember what I ate because I was on my phone while I was eating.
I don't remember what I ate because I was using my phone while I was eating.
I don't remember what I ate for lunch yesterday.
I don't remember what I ate.
I don't remember what I did on my birthday last year.
I don't remember what I did today.
I don't remember what I did yesterday.
I don't remember what I did.
I don't remember what I had for breakfast last Monday.
I don't remember what I have done.
I don't remember what I have to do.
I don't remember what I last read.
I don't remember what I need to do.
I don't remember what I said.
I don't remember what I wanted to ask you.
I don't remember what I wanted to tell you.
I don't remember what I wanted.
I don't remember what I was about to do.
I don't remember what I was doing at that time.
I don't remember what I was doing then.
I don't remember what I was doing.
I don't remember what I was getting ready to do.
I don't remember what I was going to buy.
I don't remember what I was going to say.
I don't remember what I was looking for.
I don't remember what I was thinking at the time.
I don't remember what I was watching in the end.
I don't remember what I'm supposed to do.
I don't remember what Tom and Mary look like.
I don't remember what Tom did.
I don't remember what Tom looked like.
I don't remember what Tom looks like.
I don't remember what Tom said.
I don't remember what Tom told me to do.
I don't remember what Tom was like before.
I don't remember what happened anymore.
I don't remember what happened last night.
I don't remember what happened next.
I don't remember what happened that night.
I don't remember what happened.
I don't remember what he said.
I don't remember what her name is.
I don't remember what his name is.
I don't remember what it was about.
I don't remember what it's called.
I don't remember what my father told me.
I don't remember what my grandfather looked like.
I don't remember what needs to be done.
I don't remember what the argument was about.
I don't remember what the doctor said.
I don't remember what the last number was.
I don't remember what they told me.
I don't remember what this is called.
I don't remember what this thing's called.
I don't remember what time I arrived.
I don't remember what time I went to bed last night.
I don't remember what time I'm supposed to meet Tom.
I don't remember what time Tom told me to meet him tomorrow.
I don't remember what time the concert starts.
I don't remember what time the meeting starts.
I don't remember what to do.
I don't remember what we talked about last time.
I don't remember what we were talking about.
I don't remember what you said.
I don't remember when I bought the tickets.
I don't remember when I bought this jacket.
I don't remember when I did that last.
I don't remember when I did that.
I don't remember when I first met Tom.
I don't remember when I first met him.
I don't remember when I gave Tom that book.
I don't remember when I last I washed my car.
I don't remember when I last called my mother.
I don't remember when I last cleaned it.
I don't remember when I last had a good night's sleep.
I don't remember when I last saw Tom.
I don't remember when I last spoke to Tom.
I don't remember when I last talked to Tom.
I don't remember when I last took a walk.
I don't remember when I last updated my resume.
I don't remember when I last used my credit card.
I don't remember when I last wore this shirt.
I don't remember when I left.
I don't remember when I met him before.
I don't remember when I took these pictures.
I don't remember when I took this picture.
I don't remember when Tom and I first met.
I don't remember when Tom's birthday is.
I don't remember when and where I met you.
I don't remember when it happened.
I don't remember when my appointment is.
I don't remember when that happened.
I don't remember when the deadline is.
I don't remember when the first time I met Tom was.
I don't remember when the first time I met him was.
I don't remember when the first time that I met Tom was.
I don't remember when the last time I saw Tom smile was.
I don't remember when the last time I saw her smile was.
I don't remember when the party starts.
I don't remember when this photo was taken.
I don't remember when we were supposed to meet.
I don't remember where I bought it.
I don't remember where I bought these gloves.
I don't remember where I bought this hat.
I don't remember where I bought this jacket.
I don't remember where I bought this umbrella.
I don't remember where I bought this.
I don't remember where I did that.
I don't remember where I first met Tom.
I don't remember where I heard that.
I don't remember where I left it.
I don't remember where I left my car.
I don't remember where I left my key.
I don't remember where I left my keys.
I don't remember where I left my suitcase.
I don't remember where I left my umbrella.
I don't remember where I left the car.
I don't remember where I met Tom for the first time.
I don't remember where I met Tom the first time.
I don't remember where I met her.
I don't remember where I parked my car.
I don't remember where I parked.
I don't remember where I put it.
I don't remember where I put my car keys.
I don't remember where I put my glasses.
I don't remember where I put my key.
I don't remember where I put my keys.
I don't remember where I put my passport.
I don't remember where I put my sunglasses.
I don't remember where I put my umbrella.
I don't remember where I put the car keys.
I don't remember where I put the key.
I don't remember where I took these pictures.
I don't remember where I was on my last birthday.
I don't remember where I was.
I don't remember where Tom and I first met.
I don't remember where Tom and Mary live.
I don't remember where Tom lives.
I don't remember where Tom told me to go.
I don't remember where it was that I met Tom.
I don't remember where or when I fell asleep.
I don't remember where we ate.
I don't remember where we were supposed to meet.
I don't remember where you dwell.
I don't remember where you live.
I don't remember where you said I should park my car.
I don't remember where you said that I should park my car.
I don't remember where you said you graduated from.
I don't remember where you work.
I don't remember whether I locked the door or not.
I don't remember whether I turned off the lights or not.
I don't remember whether the box was empty or not.
I don't remember whether we're supposed to turn left or turn right here.
I don't remember which articles I have translated and which I haven't.
I don't remember which country the Statue of Liberty is in.
I don't remember who I did that with.
I don't remember who I gave that to.
I don't remember who I lent my umbrella to.
I don't remember who I was sitting next to.
I don't remember who I was with at the time.
I don't remember who asked me that question.
I don't remember who gave me this.
I don't remember who gave this to me.
I don't remember who said that.
I don't remember who told me that.
I don't remember who wrote that song.
I don't remember why I came here.
I don't remember why I did that.
I don't remember why I didn't do it that way last time.
I don't remember why I was so upset.
I don't remember why we did that.
I don't remember why we didn't do that.
I don't remember why we had to do that.
I don't remember why we went there.
I don't remember you asking me to dance.
I don't remember you asking me to do that.
I don't remember you at all.
I don't remember you being careless.
I don't remember you being there.
I don't remember you having seven arms.
I don't remember you looking this good.
I don't remember you mentioning that.
I don't remember you saying anything about Tom coming.
I don't remember you.
I don't remember your name.
I don't remember your password.
I don't remember your phone number.
I don't remember!
I don't remember, but I wish I did.
I don't remember, does Jussi live in Helsinki or Turku?
I don't remember.
I don't remember. Did she say that her husband was giving a lecture, had given one or was going to give one?
I don't remember. Do you remember?
I don't remind them of their debts.
I don't repair shoes.
I don't represent anyone.
I don't require assistance.
I don't require your understanding.
I don't resemble my parents at all.
I don't resent you.
I don't respect Tom.
I don't respect her.
I don't respect him.
I don't respect them.
I don't respect you.
I don't respond to accusations.
I don't respond well to threats.
I don't rest them against the wall.
I don't ride horses.
I don't ride my bicycle anymore.
I don't ride my bicycle every day.
I don't ride my bicycle very often.
I don't ride my motorcycle anymore.
I don't ride the bus to work anymore.
I don't rightly know.
I don't rob you of it.
I don't salute their flag.
I don't salute your flag.
I don't say anything so as not to start an argument.
I don't say anything.
I don't say goodbye, I say "until next time."
I don't say it without reason.
I don't say nasty things about their children.
I don't say that without reason.
I don't scare easily.
I don't scare that easily.
I don't scare their children.
I don't scare them.
I don't scratch their backs.
I don't see Mary that often.
I don't see Tom a whole lot.
I don't see Tom anymore.
I don't see Tom anywhere.
I don't see Tom as much as I used to.
I don't see Tom as often as I used to.
I don't see Tom as often as I'd like to.
I don't see Tom as often as I'd like.
I don't see Tom coming back.
I don't see Tom dancing.
I don't see Tom doing that.
I don't see Tom every day.
I don't see Tom going anywhere.
I don't see Tom much.
I don't see Tom often.
I don't see Tom that often.
I don't see Tom very often.
I don't see Tom's car.
I don't see Tom.
I don't see Wikipedia as a reliable source on controversial historic and political issues.
I don't see Ziri.
I don't see a big difference.
I don't see a conflict.
I don't see a difference between the two.
I don't see a good dog, but I do see a good horse.
I don't see a horse, but I see a wolf.
I don't see a man.
I don't see a problem doing that.
I don't see a problem with it.
I don't see a problem with that.
I don't see a problem with this.
I don't see a problem.
I don't see a significant difference.
I don't see a single customer in this store.
I don't see a single way out!
I don't see a temple.
I don't see a thing.
I don't see a way out.
I don't see an easy future ahead.
I don't see another option.
I don't see any American dream; I see an American nightmare.
I don't see any God up here.
I don't see any blood.
I don't see any broken bones.
I don't see any bruises.
I don't see any bullet holes anywhere.
I don't see any bullet holes.
I don't see any cameras.
I don't see any chickens.
I don't see any connection here.
I don't see any contradiction here.
I don't see any customers complaining.
I don't see any damage.
I don't see any difference between these two pictures. They look the same to me.
I don't see any difference between these two.
I don't see any difference.
I don't see any differences between the approaches of Esperantists and of Jehovah's Witnesses.
I don't see any footprints anywhere.
I don't see any fun in it.
I don't see any harm in doing that.
I don't see any harm in that.
I don't see any major technical problems.
I don't see any more setbacks.
I don't see any need for a gun.
I don't see any options.
I don't see any other choice.
I don't see any other explanation.
I don't see any other possibility.
I don't see any point in going if the party is almost over.
I don't see any point in persuading him.
I don't see any point in this.
I don't see any point to this.
I don't see any problem here.
I don't see any problem with that.
I don't see any problem.
I don't see any problems.
I don't see any reason for doing this.
I don't see any reason for hurrying.
I don't see any reason for it.
I don't see any reason for rushing.
I don't see any reason to complain.
I don't see any reason why I can't go, too.
I don't see any reason why I have to apologize.
I don't see any reason why I should do that.
I don't see any reason why I should go.
I don't see any reason why I shouldn't do that.
I don't see any reason why I shouldn't go.
I don't see any reason why Tom can't go, too.
I don't see any reason why Tom would do it.
I don't see any reason why we should do that.
I don't see any reason why we shouldn't do that.
I don't see any reason why you can't come with us.
I don't see any relation between the two problems.
I don't see any resemblance.
I don't see any rust.
I don't see any significant difference.
I don't see any solution on the horizon.
I don't see any towel rack here.
I don't see any use for this.
I don't see any way of doing that.
I don't see any way of stopping Tom from dancing.
I don't see any way of stopping Tom from doing that.
I don't see any women here.
I don't see any.
I don't see anybody dancing.
I don't see anybody doing that.
I don't see anybody else around here.
I don't see anybody inside.
I don't see anybody not trying.
I don't see anybody.
I don't see anyone not trying.
I don't see anyone wearing a hat.
I don't see anyone.
I don't see anything dishonest in that.
I don't see anything either.
I don't see anything from my room since I always keep my curtains closed.
I don't see anything here that I need.
I don't see anything here that I want to buy.
I don't see anything inappropriate in that.
I don't see anything new.
I don't see anything out there.
I don't see anything put on reserve for a Martinez.
I don't see anything remotely suspicious.
I don't see anything special.
I don't see anything strange.
I don't see anything suspicious about it.
I don't see anything suspicious.
I don't see anything there.
I don't see anything unusual in it.
I don't see anything weird about that.
I don't see anything wrong with Tom doing that.
I don't see anything wrong with Tom trying to do that.
I don't see anything wrong with Tom wearing onesies.
I don't see anything wrong with doing it that way.
I don't see anything wrong with going out late at night.
I don't see anything wrong with it.
I don't see anything wrong with letting Tom and Mary do that.
I don't see anything wrong with letting Tom do that.
I don't see anything wrong with stereotypes.
I don't see anything wrong with that at all.
I don't see anything wrong with that idea.
I don't see anything wrong with that.
I don't see anything wrong with the way Tom is living his life.
I don't see anything wrong with this.
I don't see anything wrong with what Tom is doing.
I don't see anything wrong with what you're doing.
I don't see anything wrong with your plan.
I don't see anything wrong with your premise.
I don't see anything wrong with zoos.
I don't see anything wrong.
I don't see anything!
I don't see anything.
I don't see anything. Do you?
I don't see blood.
I don't see complete abstinence from drugs as an end in itself.
I don't see eye to eye with him on that matter.
I don't see eye to eye with him.
I don't see eye to eye with my father.
I don't see her a whole lot.
I don't see her anymore.
I don't see her doing that.
I don't see her much.
I don't see her often.
I don't see her.
I don't see him a whole lot.
I don't see him anymore.
I don't see him doing that.
I don't see him much.
I don't see him often.
I don't see him that much.
I don't see him that often.
I don't see him.
I don't see how I can do everything I've been asked to do.
I don't see how I can ever do that again.
I don't see how I can help you.
I don't see how I can refuse.
I don't see how I can sell you one.
I don't see how Tom can stay up all night and then be so wide awake at work.
I don't see how Tom can win.
I don't see how Tom could possibly do this.
I don't see how Tom could've survived that explosion.
I don't see how Tom could've survived.
I don't see how Tom deserves the job more than I do.
I don't see how Tom would be involved.
I don't see how it can end well.
I don't see how it can fail.
I don't see how it can hurt us.
I don't see how that can be fair.
I don't see how that can be true.
I don't see how that could be possible.
I don't see how that could ever happen.
I don't see how that is any of your business.
I don't see how that makes any difference.
I don't see how that matters.
I don't see how that would be possible.
I don't see how that would help.
I don't see how that's any of your business.
I don't see how that's possible.
I don't see how that's relevant.
I don't see how the Pope can complain about "ideological colonialism" when the Catholic Church has been involved in modern colonialism from Day 1, and still owns immense properties throughout the colonized world.
I don't see how they could have survived.
I don't see how they could win.
I don't see how they could've survived.
I don't see how this changes anything.
I don't see how to do it.
I don't see how you can eat that stuff.
I don't see how you can ignore this.
I don't see how you can still be a Native American if you have lost your language and culture.
I don't see how.
I don't see it as a choice.
I don't see it as a contradiction.
I don't see it as art.
I don't see it at all that way.
I don't see it changing.
I don't see it getting better.
I don't see it happening anytime soon.
I don't see it like that at all.
I don't see it like that.
I don't see it that way at all.
I don't see it that way.
I don't see it.
I don't see lights anymore.
I don't see much choice.
I don't see much difference between them.
I don't see much of Tom anymore.
I don't see much of Tom these days.
I don't see much of Tom.
I don't see much of her.
I don't see much of him.
I don't see my name on the schedule.
I don't see myself doing that.
I don't see myself ever getting married to Tom.
I don't see myself getting married.
I don't see prices going down.
I don't see suds.
I don't see that as a problem.
I don't see that as negative.
I don't see that ever changing.
I don't see that happening again.
I don't see that happening anytime soon.
I don't see that happening around here.
I don't see that happening.
I don't see that her situation has changed.
I don't see that it matters now.
I don't see that really happening.
I don't see that there's a choice.
I don't see that there's any particular problem here, is there?
I don't see that we have any choice.
I don't see that we have much choice.
I don't see the appeal.
I don't see the children.
I don't see the connection at all.
I don't see the connection.
I don't see the cursor.
I don't see the difference.
I don't see the humor in anything.
I don't see the humour in your jokes.
I don't see the necessity.
I don't see the need to hide who we are.
I don't see the passengers whose jackets are two-tone.
I don't see the point in resisting this.
I don't see the point in this.
I don't see the point of having a dog.
I don't see the point of learning the present perfect, pluperfect, conditional perfect, and future perfect tenses separately if they're all the exact same.
I don't see the point, to be honest.
I don't see the point.
I don't see the problem here.
I don't see the problem.
I don't see the reason why it should be so, especially at this time.
I don't see the relevance.
I don't see the sense of it, but if you want that just go ahead.
I don't see the small car.
I don't see the star.
I don't see the value in reading.
I don't see them a whole lot.
I don't see them again.
I don't see them anymore.
I don't see them anywhere.
I don't see them doing that.
I don't see them much.
I don't see them often.
I don't see them.
I don't see things that way at all.
I don't see this as a core issue.
I don't see this as a major issue.
I don't see this working.
I don't see too many problems.
I don't see well anymore.
I don't see what any of this has to do with me.
I don't see what choice I have.
I don't see what difference that makes.
I don't see what else we can do.
I don't see what good that'll do.
I don't see what he says.
I don't see what that has to do with anything.
I don't see what that has to do with this.
I don't see what the Bible has to do with anything.
I don't see what the big deal is.
I don't see what the fuss is about.
I don't see what the joke is.
I don't see what the point is.
I don't see what the problem is.
I don't see what we can do.
I don't see what you are implying.
I don't see what you two are so happy about.
I don't see what you're getting at.
I don't see what you're so concerned about.
I don't see what's changed.
I don't see what's so amusing.
I don't see what's so bad about it.
I don't see what's so bad about not needing to work to live.
I don't see what's so funny.
I don't see what's so great about that.
I don't see what's so great about vaping. It just stinks, unless the guys that were in the bathroom just now just picked a bad flavor.
I don't see what's so weird about this.
I don't see what's wrong with that.
I don't see what's wrong with wanting to be young.
I don't see where you're going with this, Tom.
I don't see who else it could be.
I don't see why I am in a bad humor this morning.
I don't see why I can't go, too.
I don't see why I had to come along.
I don't see why I had to help.
I don't see why I had to say anything.
I don't see why I have to go to your house at midnight.
I don't see why I have to go.
I don't see why I need to do that.
I don't see why I need to do this.
I don't see why I should be there.
I don't see why I should continue to go out of my way for people who never did it for me, and only expect me to continue doing them favors.
I don't see why I should defend Tom.
I don't see why I should do that.
I don't see why I should have children.
I don't see why I should help Tom.
I don't see why I should help her.
I don't see why I should help him.
I don't see why I should help you.
I don't see why I should implement that.
I don't see why I should leave.
I don't see why I should not do that.
I don't see why I should tell Dad.
I don't see why I shouldn't dance.
I don't see why I shouldn't do that.
I don't see why I shouldn't help Tom.
I don't see why I shouldn't sing.
I don't see why Tom can't come with us.
I don't see why Tom doesn't just ask Mary out.
I don't see why Tom doesn't just ask her out.
I don't see why Tom should care whether I do that or not.
I don't see why Tom should do that.
I don't see why Tom should have to do that.
I don't see why Tom shouldn't do that.
I don't see why Tom wanted me to be here today.
I don't see why Tom would lie to us.
I don't see why Tom would lie.
I don't see why Tom would want to do that.
I don't see why Tom wouldn't want to dance.
I don't see why Tom wouldn't want to do that.
I don't see why Tom wouldn't want to go to the dance with you.
I don't see why Yanni would lie.
I don't see why age should limit you.
I don't see why everyone thinks this book is so good.
I don't see why he doesn't just ask her out.
I don't see why it shouldn't work.
I don't see why it's a problem.
I don't see why it's such a big deal.
I don't see why my appearance bothers you. What is it to you?
I don't see why my personal choices bother you. What is it to you?
I don't see why my uncle bothered himself so much about me marrying.
I don't see why not.
I don't see why that would be an issue.
I don't see why this is news.
I don't see why we can't just watch.
I don't see why we can't talk.
I don't see why we had to buy all the food.
I don't see why we had to help.
I don't see why we had to meet here.
I don't see why we have to do this.
I don't see why we need to do this.
I don't see why we should do that.
I don't see why we should have to suffer.
I don't see why we're the ones who have to do that.
I don't see why you should do that.
I don't see why you should leave.
I don't see why you shouldn't do that.
I don't see why you won't help.
I don't see why you're freaking out, Tom.
I don't see why.
I don't see you as a teacher.
I don't see you doing that.
I don't see you.
I don't see your car.
I don't see your husband anywhere.
I don't see your name here.
I don't see your name on it.
I don't see your name on the list.
I don't see your point.
I don't see.
I don't seek out new experiences.
I don't seek sympathy, much less advice.
I don't seem to be getting anywhere with Tom.
I don't seem to be going anywhere.
I don't seem to be having much luck today.
I don't seem to be myself these days.
I don't seem to belong here.
I don't seem to remember who I am.
I don't seen my uncle very often.
I don't sell drugs.
I don't sell their sheep.
I don't sell them.
I don't sense anything.
I don't serve them tea.
I don't set myself unrealistic goals.
I don't sew their clothes.
I don't shake hands, sorry.
I don't shake hands.
I don't shampoo my hair in the morning.
I don't share Tom's enthusiasm.
I don't share Tom's opinion.
I don't share anything.
I don't share her point of view.
I don't share his point of view.
I don't share my problems with Tom.
I don't share that opinion.
I don't share this point of view.
I don't share your beliefs.
I don't share your enthusiasm.
I don't share your opinion.
I don't share your optimism.
I don't share your point of view.
I don't share your viewpoint, sorry.
I don't shave as often as Tom does.
I don't shave every day.
I don't shave my legs.
I don't shave yet.
I don't sing anymore.
I don't sing particularly well.
I don't sing to them.
I don't sing very often.
I don't sing very well.
I don't sing well.
I don't sing.
I don't sit next to Tom in science class anymore.
I don't skate as well as I wish I could.
I don't ski as well as I wish I could.
I don't ski much now, but I used to a lot.
I don't ski, but I really like to skate.
I don't skin their animals.
I don't sleep a lot.
I don't sleep any more.
I don't sleep anymore.
I don't sleep as many hours a day as I used to.
I don't sleep as many hours as I used to.
I don't sleep as much as I used to.
I don't sleep at night.
I don't sleep here.
I don't sleep in a bed.
I don't sleep in class as often as I used to.
I don't sleep in the bed but in the closet.
I don't sleep much anyway.
I don't sleep much.
I don't sleep naked.
I don't sleep on Sundays.
I don't sleep so much.
I don't sleep that much.
I don't sleep too much.
I don't sleep very well at night.
I don't sleep well.
I don't sleep.
I don't slice her bread.
I don't slice their bread.
I don't smell anything.
I don't smoke and I don't drink.
I don't smoke any more.
I don't smoke anymore.
I don't smoke at all.
I don't smoke cigarettes.
I don't smoke crack.
I don't smoke grass.
I don't smoke in the car.
I don't smoke now, but I used to smoke a lot.
I don't smoke now, but I used to.
I don't smoke or drink.
I don't smoke or drink. I just do pills.
I don't smoke pot anymore because it's bad for my mental health.
I don't smoke pot.
I don't smoke them.
I don't smoke weed any more, but I don't smoke it any less, either.
I don't smoke weed.
I don't smoke, but Tom does.
I don't smoke, drink or do drugs.
I don't smoke.
I don't snore.
I don't sound like that.
I don't sow your wheat.
I don't speak Albanian.
I don't speak Arabic as well as I speak Berber.
I don't speak Arabic very well.
I don't speak Arabic.
I don't speak Bangla.
I don't speak Bengali.
I don't speak Berber but I understand a good amount of it.
I don't speak Berber here in London.
I don't speak Berber that well.
I don't speak Berber very well.
I don't speak Berber, the native language.
I don't speak Berber.
I don't speak Bosnian.
I don't speak Catalan.
I don't speak Cebuano.
I don't speak Chinese fluently.
I don't speak Chinese.
I don't speak Czech.
I don't speak Danish
I don't speak Dutch well.
I don't speak Dutch.
I don't speak Elvish.
I don't speak English as fluidly as Naomi does.
I don't speak English at home.
I don't speak English so well as I would like to.
I don't speak English very well.
I don't speak English well even though I took it for six years at school.
I don't speak English.
I don't speak English. I speak Globish.
I don't speak Esperanto well.
I don't speak Esperanto.
I don't speak Estonian.
I don't speak Farsi.
I don't speak Finnish.
I don't speak French all that well.
I don't speak French and Tom and Mary don't either.
I don't speak French and Tom doesn't either.
I don't speak French and neither does Tom.
I don't speak French as fluently as Tom and Mary do.
I don't speak French as fluently as Tom does.
I don't speak French as fluently as Tom.
I don't speak French as fluently as you do.
I don't speak French as fluently as you.
I don't speak French as much as I used to.
I don't speak French as often as I used to.
I don't speak French as well as I speak English.
I don't speak French as well as I want to.
I don't speak French as well as I'd like to.
I don't speak French as well as I'd like.
I don't speak French as well as Tom and Mary do.
I don't speak French as well as Tom does.
I don't speak French as well as Tom.
I don't speak French as well as my wife does.
I don't speak French as well as you do.
I don't speak French as well as you think I can.
I don't speak French as well as you think I do.
I don't speak French at all.
I don't speak French at home.
I don't speak French but all the others do.
I don't speak French either.
I don't speak French every day.
I don't speak French fluently.
I don't speak French or English.
I don't speak French or German.
I don't speak French perfectly, but I can usually get my point across.
I don't speak French that often anymore.
I don't speak French that often.
I don't speak French that well.
I don't speak French very much.
I don't speak French very often.
I don't speak French very well.
I don't speak French well enough to apply for that job.
I don't speak French well enough to do that job.
I don't speak French well enough to get that job.
I don't speak French well enough!
I don't speak French well enough.
I don't speak French well.
I don't speak French, but I can understand it a bit.
I don't speak French, but I do understand a bit.
I don't speak French, but I understand it a little.
I don't speak French.
I don't speak German, but I'm a germanophile.
I don't speak German, but the Germans themselves I love.
I don't speak German.
I don't speak Greek.
I don't speak Hebrew.
I don't speak Hungarian.
I don't speak Irish.
I don't speak Italian.
I don't speak Italian; I just know a few words.
I don't speak Japanese.
I don't speak Kazakh.
I don't speak Klingon.
I don't speak Korean.
I don't speak Lithuanian.
I don't speak Lojban.
I don't speak Luxembourgish.
I don't speak Mandarin very well.
I don't speak Norwegian.
I don't speak Ojibwe.
I don't speak Persian.
I don't speak Polish.
I don't speak Portuguese.
I don't speak Quenya.
I don't speak Russian, and neither do you.
I don't speak Russian.
I don't speak Spanish.
I don't speak Swedish.
I don't speak Taiwanese.
I don't speak Turkish.
I don't speak Ukrainian.
I don't speak Welsh.
I don't speak a word of French.
I don't speak about it a lot.
I don't speak any Berber.
I don't speak any Esperanto at all.
I don't speak any French at all.
I don't speak any French.
I don't speak any Italian at all.
I don't speak any Klingon.
I don't speak any Luxembourgish.
I don't speak any Romance language.
I don't speak any foreign languages.
I don't speak any other languages.
I don't speak bald eagle.
I don't speak correctly.
I don't speak fast.
I don't speak foreign languages.
I don't speak her language.
I don't speak his language.
I don't speak legalese.
I don't speak much French.
I don't speak much Spanish so it's difficult for me to express myself and say what I want to say in a natural and correct manner.
I don't speak much Telugu at all.
I don't speak programmer.
I don't speak that language that well, but even I know the difference between the two words.
I don't speak the language well, but I can understand most of what the native speakers say.
I don't speak their language.
I don't speak three languages.
I don't speak to Tom now.
I don't speak to Tom.
I don't speak to her now.
I don't speak to her.
I don't speak to him.
I don't speak to them.
I don't speak to you because of your wife.
I don't speak very good French.
I don't speak with Tom.
I don't speak with them about this subject.
I don't speak your language, so just answer questions with yes or no only.
I don't speak your language.
I don't speak.
I don't spell my name that way.
I don't spend a lot of time at home.
I don't spend a lot of time doing that.
I don't spend a lot of time thinking about money.
I don't spend a lot of time thinking about things like that.
I don't spend a lot.
I don't spend as much time doing that as I used to.
I don't spend as much time reading as I used to.
I don't spend as much time studying French as Tom does.
I don't spend enough time with my children.
I don't spend enough time with my family.
I don't spend enough time with you.
I don't spend much time at home.
I don't spend much time in Australia.
I don't spend much time in Boston.
I don't spend much time preparing for English classes.
I don't spend much time preparing for French classes.
I don't spend much time studying French.
I don't spend much time studying.
I don't spend much.
I don't spend the whole day on Facebook.
I don't spend time with Tom.
I don't spend too much time out in the sun.
I don't spoil them.
I don't spread them on bread.
I don't stand a chance of winning.
I don't stand a chance.
I don't start a sentence with the word "but".
I don't start studying until next week.
I don't stay anywhere very long.
I don't steal it from you.
I don't steal.
I don't step on the cracks in the pavement.
I don't step on them.
I don't still believe everything I've ever said.
I don't still have to do that, do I?
I don't still need to do that, do I?
I don't stir their coffee.
I don't stop once I've started snacking.
I don't stream, but I do record gameplay video clips and share them online.
I don't study French anymore.
I don't study French every day.
I don't study French.
I don't study a lot.
I don't study after school.
I don't study as much as I should.
I don't study as much as I used to.
I don't study as much as Tom does.
I don't study as much as my parents tell me I should.
I don't study as much as my parents tell me that I should.
I don't study math as hard as English.
I don't study much.
I don't study physics.
I don't study regularly, so there's no way that I'll get a good grade on tomorrow's test.
I don't study.
I don't subscribe to any of these ideas.
I don't subscribe to your idea.
I don't suffer from insanity - I enjoy it!
I don't suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute.
I don't sugar my coffee.
I don't supply my real name to any Internet site.
I don't supply my real name to any site on the Internet.
I don't support amnesty.
I don't support his ideas.
I don't support political Islam.
I don't support rent control.
I don't support that theory.
I don't support that.
I don't suppose I need these any more.
I don't suppose I'll be needing these any more.
I don't suppose I'll get an answer, but I'll ask anyway.
I don't suppose Tom will be long.
I don't suppose Tom will do that tomorrow.
I don't suppose anyone will notice.
I don't suppose anything will happen.
I don't suppose it's going to be sunny.
I don't suppose it's going to rain.
I don't suppose it's possible to read a book by moonlight.
I don't suppose that there's much chance of that happening.
I don't suppose that you could help me.
I don't suppose there's any point in my going there now.
I don't suppose there's much chance of that happening.
I don't suppose we'll ever see Tom again.
I don't suppose you are any more surprised than I am myself.
I don't suppose you could help me.
I don't suppose you could tell me where Tom is.
I don't suppose you ever really get over the death of a child.
I don't suppose you ever were an orphan in an asylum, so you can't possibly understand what it is like. It's worse than anything you could imagine.
I don't suppose you happen to know where Tom and Mary live?
I don't suppose you happen to know where Tom lives?
I don't suppose you have any better ideas.
I don't suppose you know anything about Tom, do you?
I don't suppose you know anything about this.
I don't suppose you want to just tell me who you really are?
I don't suppose you would know Tom's phone number.
I don't suppose you'd consider helping Tom.
I don't suppose you'd let us talk to Tom?
I don't suppose you'd still have last Saturday's paper?
I don't suppose you're going to let me do what I want to do.
I don't suppose you're going to let me go there by myself.
I don't suppose you're going to let me help you.
I don't suppose you're going to tell me why you're here, of all places?
I don't swear.
I don't sweat the small stuff.
I don't sweat when people online call me ugly, as this is the opposite of the usual reaction I get in real life.
I don't swim anymore.
I don't swim as much as I used to.
I don't swim as often as I used to.
I don't swim as well as I used to.
I don't swim as well as I wish I could.
I don't swim as well as Tom does.
I don't swim as well as you do.
I don't swim as well as you.
I don't swim at night.
I don't swim every day.
I don't swim so much anymore.
I don't swim very well.
I don't swim well.
I don't swim, but I enjoy going to the beach.
I don't swim.
I don't switch on the light in my studio at night.
I don't take a bath every day.
I don't take a shower every day.
I don't take after my father.
I don't take any medication.
I don't take any medicine.
I don't take any pleasure in this.
I don't take any responsibility at all.
I don't take anything for granted anymore.
I don't take anything for granted.
I don't take anything, I don't bring anything back.
I don't take away, I don't bring back.
I don't take bribes.
I don't take calls.
I don't take drugs.
I don't take everything he says at face value.
I don't take it from you.
I don't take it personally.
I don't take kindly to pushiness or impatience.
I don't take life lightly.
I don't take my job lightly.
I don't take myself seriously.
I don't take needless risks.
I don't take no for an answer.
I don't take offence at your comments, but really, there was no call to make rude remarks. Let's all be kind and assume good will.
I don't take orders from you anymore, Tom.
I don't take orders from you.
I don't take responsibility for anything that happens here.
I don't take revenge on you for anything.
I don't take that lightly.
I don't take the subway during rush hour.
I don't take them seriously.
I don't take things for granted.
I don't take vacations very often.
I don't take vacations.
I don't talk a lot.
I don't talk about my private life with strangers.
I don't talk about my teachers.
I don't talk about you behind your back.
I don't talk business with assholes.
I don't talk fast.
I don't talk like that.
I don't talk much.
I don't talk to Tom anymore.
I don't talk to Tom very often.
I don't talk to Tom.
I don't talk to anyone who's that status-conscious.
I don't talk to barking dogs.
I don't talk to her anymore.
I don't talk to her.
I don't talk to him any more.
I don't talk to him anymore.
I don't talk to my neighbors.
I don't talk to people of your kind.
I don't talk to them anymore.
I don't talk with Tom as much as I used to.
I don't tan very easily.
I don't teach French anymore.
I don't teach French here anymore.
I don't teach French.
I don't teach anymore.
I don't teach here anymore.
I don't teach them to swim.
I don't tell Tom everything.
I don't tell her everything.
I don't tell him everything.
I don't tell jokes well.
I don't tell lies.
I don't tell people what to eat.
I don't tell them everything.
I don't tell them the truth.
I don't tell you everything.
I don't tell you stories.
I don't tend to be resentful, but I forget nothing.
I don't tend to complain.
I don't tend to go out much.
I don't tend to look back and regret what I've done.
I don't tend to stay in one place very long.
I don't that Tom would be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I don't that Tom would be stupid enough to do that by himself.
I don't think "all your base are belong to us" is a grammatically correct sentence.
I don't think "saint" is a word I would use to describe the late emperor.
I don't think Albert Einstein actually said that.
I don't think Algeria has diplomatic relations with Kosovo.
I don't think Algeria has diplomatic relations with that country.
I don't think Ana Kasparian believes anything at all.
I don't think Boris really understood the question.
I don't think DNA has pronouns.
I don't think Dan would make that decision.
I don't think Esperanto is a cult, no.
I don't think Esperanto is going to disappear.
I don't think French is difficult.
I don't think George Soros is a good person, or that his money was earned (nor any billionaire's for that matter), but he gains the ire of demagogues by funding organizations that call attention to injustice.
I don't think God lives in the Vatican.
I don't think God wants me to go to work!
I don't think I agree with you.
I don't think I agree.
I don't think I belong here.
I don't think I broke any rules.
I don't think I can afford that.
I don't think I can afford this.
I don't think I can afford to buy a car now.
I don't think I can afford to buy a new computer now.
I don't think I can afford to buy something like that.
I don't think I can afford to buy that.
I don't think I can afford to buy the kind of car I want.
I don't think I can answer that question.
I don't think I can answer that.
I don't think I can apply for a job anywhere. I'm too old.
I don't think I can be happy here if you left.
I don't think I can be happy here if you weren't here with me.
I don't think I can be happy here.
I don't think I can be here all day.
I don't think I can be there by 2:30.
I don't think I can bear this pain much longer.
I don't think I can buy that for you.
I don't think I can convince Tom to do that.
I don't think I can convince Tom to sing for us.
I don't think I can convince Tom to stop doing that.
I don't think I can cut in working in America.
I don't think I can do anything else.
I don't think I can do anything like that.
I don't think I can do anything.
I don't think I can do everything I've been asked to do.
I don't think I can do everything by myself.
I don't think I can do it without her.
I don't think I can do it without them.
I don't think I can do it, I don't have your courage.
I don't think I can do it, but that doesn't mean that I won't try.
I don't think I can do it.
I don't think I can do that any better than Tom can.
I don't think I can do that any better than you can.
I don't think I can do that before Monday.
I don't think I can do that better than Tom.
I don't think I can do that better than you.
I don't think I can do that by myself.
I don't think I can do that faster than Tom.
I don't think I can do that faster than you.
I don't think I can do that for you.
I don't think I can do that just now.
I don't think I can do that now.
I don't think I can do that right now.
I don't think I can do that that soon.
I don't think I can do that today.
I don't think I can do that tonight.
I don't think I can do that until the Monday after next.
I don't think I can do that without some help.
I don't think I can do that without your help.
I don't think I can do that!
I don't think I can do that.
I don't think I can do this again.
I don't think I can do this alone.
I don't think I can do this anymore.
I don't think I can do this without Tom.
I don't think I can do this without her.
I don't think I can do this without him.
I don't think I can do this without you.
I don't think I can do this without your help.
I don't think I can do this.
I don't think I can do what you're asking me to do.
I don't think I can eat all of this.
I don't think I can eat all this.
I don't think I can eat any more.
I don't think I can eat anything more.
I don't think I can eat that.
I don't think I can eat this.
I don't think I can ever be happy here.
I don't think I can ever forget you.
I don't think I can ever forgive him.
I don't think I can explain it any better than I just did.
I don't think I can explain it any better than that.
I don't think I can explain the difference.
I don't think I can face this alone.
I don't think I can find the time to do that today.
I don't think I can find the time to do that until next week.
I don't think I can find the time to do that.
I don't think I can finish all this work by 2:30.
I don't think I can finish the job alone.
I don't think I can finish the job by myself.
I don't think I can fix it.
I don't think I can fix this today.
I don't think I can fix this.
I don't think I can forgive Yanni.
I don't think I can get Tom to do that.
I don't think I can get along with Tom.
I don't think I can get along with him.
I don't think I can get there in time.
I don't think I can get there on time.
I don't think I can get through all this work by five.
I don't think I can get through this.
I don't think I can get you to understand how difficult that is.
I don't think I can go back to Dr. Jackson.
I don't think I can go swimming today.
I don't think I can handle it.
I don't think I can handle that.
I don't think I can help him do that.
I don't think I can help him do this.
I don't think I can help you do that today.
I don't think I can help you do that.
I don't think I can help you on Monday.
I don't think I can help you very much.
I don't think I can help you with that.
I don't think I can help you.
I don't think I can hold on much longer!
I don't think I can hold on much longer.
I don't think I can keep Tom from doing that.
I don't think I can keep that promise.
I don't think I can leave early.
I don't think I can leave that early.
I don't think I can live without you.
I don't think I can love two people at the same time.
I don't think I can make it to your party.
I don't think I can move this bookcase without a little help.
I don't think I can move this bookcase without some help.
I don't think I can move this bookcase without your help.
I don't think I can move to Australia.
I don't think I can move to Boston until next year.
I don't think I can move to Boston.
I don't think I can move.
I don't think I can pass the exam.
I don't think I can play the guitar as well as you can.
I don't think I can put up with this nonsense any longer.
I don't think I can say anything to you.
I don't think I can solve this problem.
I don't think I can stay any longer.
I don't think I can stay here much longer.
I don't think I can stay in Boston until Monday.
I don't think I can stay.
I don't think I can stop Tom from doing that.
I don't think I can stop Tom from going there.
I don't think I can stop Tom from leaving.
I don't think I can survive in this place.
I don't think I can swim across this river.
I don't think I can swim as well as you can.
I don't think I can swim to the other side of the river.
I don't think I can take any more.
I don't think I can talk Tom into doing that.
I don't think I can think of a single constructive thing to say about it.
I don't think I can translate this document without your help.
I don't think I can trust Tom anymore.
I don't think I can trust Tom.
I don't think I can trust you anymore.
I don't think I can trust you.
I don't think I can wait any longer.
I don't think I can wait much longer.
I don't think I can wait that long.
I don't think I can wait until 2:30.
I don't think I can wait until Monday.
I don't think I can wait until Tom gets here.
I don't think I can walk any faster.
I don't think I can walk.
I don't think I can wear something like that to work.
I don't think I can win.
I don't think I can, but I'll try.
I don't think I can.
I don't think I care for your tone.
I don't think I could afford to buy a car like Tom's.
I don't think I could come tomorrow.
I don't think I could do that even if I tried.
I don't think I could do that even if Tom helped me.
I don't think I could do that kind of thing.
I don't think I could do that to Tom.
I don't think I could do that without your help.
I don't think I could do that.
I don't think I could do what Tom and Mary are doing.
I don't think I could do what Tom and Mary do.
I don't think I could do what Tom does.
I don't think I could do what Tom is doing right now.
I don't think I could do what Tom is doing.
I don't think I could ever commit suicide.
I don't think I could ever convince Tom to do that.
I don't think I could ever do that again.
I don't think I could ever do that by myself.
I don't think I could ever do that.
I don't think I could ever do this again.
I don't think I could ever eat a worm.
I don't think I could ever get used to this smell.
I don't think I could ever live in Australia.
I don't think I could ever live in Boston again.
I don't think I could ever live in Boston.
I don't think I could ever sell this mandolin.
I don't think I could explain it right now.
I don't think I could forgive myself if I did that.
I don't think I could get used to this noise.
I don't think I could get used to this smell.
I don't think I could have done it without you.
I don't think I could have done that without your help.
I don't think I could have done that.
I don't think I could keep my hands off you.
I don't think I could live with Tom.
I don't think I could live without you.
I don't think I could make up a story like that even if I tried.
I don't think I could spend six hours alone with you.
I don't think I could spend three hours alone with Tom.
I don't think I could stand being in the same room with Tom all afternoon.
I don't think I could stand it.
I don't think I could stand that.
I don't think I could stand to spend six hours alone with you.
I don't think I could stand to spend three hours alone with Tom.
I don't think I could talk Tom into doing that.
I don't think I could tell Tom that.
I don't think I could've done it without you.
I don't think I could've done it without your help.
I don't think I could've done that alone.
I don't think I could've done that by myself.
I don't think I could've done that on my own.
I don't think I could've done that without you.
I don't think I could've done that without your help.
I don't think I could've done that.
I don't think I could've done this without you.
I don't think I deserve this.
I don't think I deserved it.
I don't think I deserved that.
I don't think I deserved the punishment I got.
I don't think I did anything wrong.
I don't think I did as well as the teacher expected me to.
I don't think I did as well as the teacher expected.
I don't think I did him any harm.
I don't think I did that correctly.
I don't think I did that very well.
I don't think I did that.
I don't think I did very well.
I don't think I did what you said I did.
I don't think I enjoy doing this as much as you seem to.
I don't think I enjoy fishing as much as you do.
I don't think I enjoy playing chess as much as you seem to.
I don't think I enjoy swimming as much as you seem to.
I don't think I enjoy watching baseball as much as you do.
I don't think I enjoyed doing that as much as you did.
I don't think I enjoyed the movie as much as you did.
I don't think I ever knew what Tom did for a living.
I don't think I follow what you're saying.
I don't think I follow.
I don't think I got a good grade on the exam.
I don't think I had to do that yesterday.
I don't think I had to do that.
I don't think I have a chance of winning.
I don't think I have a choice.
I don't think I have a flamboyant personality.
I don't think I have a problem.
I don't think I have any bad habits.
I don't think I have any chance of getting that job.
I don't think I have any chance of winning.
I don't think I have any choice but to do that.
I don't think I have any choice.
I don't think I have any more copies.
I don't think I have any regrets.
I don't think I have enough energy to do that now.
I don't think I have enough energy to do that right now.
I don't think I have enough energy to do that today.
I don't think I have enough energy to do that.
I don't think I have enough food for everyone.
I don't think I have enough money to buy everything I need to buy.
I don't think I have enough money to buy everything I need.
I don't think I have enough money to buy everything I want to buy.
I don't think I have enough money to buy everything I want.
I don't think I have enough money to buy that.
I don't think I have enough money to pay the bill.
I don't think I have enough money.
I don't think I have enough time to do that today.
I don't think I have enough time to do that.
I don't think I have enough time.
I don't think I have ever been this hungry before.
I don't think I have everything I need.
I don't think I have everything that I need.
I don't think I have it.
I don't think I have much choice.
I don't think I have much longer to live.
I don't think I have one of those yet.
I don't think I have one of those.
I don't think I have that kind of time.
I don't think I have the ability to do that.
I don't think I have the education to speak about my work in another language. My vocabulary is too limited to discuss complex concepts.
I don't think I have the energy for this.
I don't think I have the energy to do that now.
I don't think I have the energy to do that.
I don't think I have the energy to walk that far.
I don't think I have the energy to walk to school today.
I don't think I have the experience necessary for that job.
I don't think I have the stamina to do that.
I don't think I have the strength to carry on.
I don't think I have the strength to do that.
I don't think I have the time to help you today.
I don't think I have the willpower to do that.
I don't think I have the willpower to quit smoking.
I don't think I have the willpower to stop eating junk food.
I don't think I have the willpower to stop smoking.
I don't think I have time to do that before lunch.
I don't think I have time to do that this morning.
I don't think I have time to do that.
I don't think I have time to explain it right now.
I don't think I have to do that again.
I don't think I have to do that anymore.
I don't think I have to do that right now.
I don't think I have to do that today.
I don't think I have to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think I have to do that.
I don't think I have to explain that to Tom.
I don't think I have to read the instructions.
I don't think I have to spell it out for you.
I don't think I have to tell Tom to do that.
I don't think I have to tell you why this is important.
I don't think I have to tell you why.
I don't think I have what I need.
I don't think I have what it takes to be a teacher.
I don't think I have what you're looking for.
I don't think I heard you correctly.
I don't think I hurt Mary.
I don't think I hurt Tom's feelings.
I don't think I hurt Tom.
I don't think I impressed Tom.
I don't think I impressed anybody.
I don't think I impressed anyone.
I don't think I know Tom as well as you do.
I don't think I know Tom.
I don't think I know all the lyrics to this song.
I don't think I know any Canadians.
I don't think I know any of Tom's classmates.
I don't think I know anybody around here.
I don't think I know anybody here.
I don't think I know anybody in Boston.
I don't think I know anybody in these parts.
I don't think I know anybody who can do that.
I don't think I know anybody who can speak French.
I don't think I know anybody who does that.
I don't think I know anybody who speaks French.
I don't think I know anyone around here.
I don't think I know anyone here.
I don't think I know anyone in Australia.
I don't think I know anyone in Boston.
I don't think I know anyone in these parts.
I don't think I know anyone named Tom Jackson.
I don't think I know anyone who can do that.
I don't think I know anyone who can speak French.
I don't think I know anyone who does that.
I don't think I know anyone who speaks French.
I don't think I know her.
I don't think I know that boy.
I don't think I know that girl.
I don't think I know that guy.
I don't think I know that man.
I don't think I know that woman over there.
I don't think I know that woman.
I don't think I know the answer to that question.
I don't think I know the answer.
I don't think I know the boy sitting over there.
I don't think I know the boy that's sitting over there.
I don't think I know the boy who's sitting over there.
I don't think I know the girl talking to Tom.
I don't think I know the girl that's talking to Tom.
I don't think I know the girl who's talking to Tom.
I don't think I know the man playing the drums.
I don't think I know the man that's playing the drums.
I don't think I know the man who's playing the drums.
I don't think I know you.
I don't think I like Tom as much as you do.
I don't think I like Tom much.
I don't think I like Tom's suggestion.
I don't think I like it.
I don't think I like that.
I don't think I like this game very much.
I don't think I like what Tom is doing right now.
I don't think I like what Tom is doing.
I don't think I like what you're doing.
I don't think I like you anymore.
I don't think I like you very much.
I don't think I like you.
I don't think I look anything like my brother.
I don't think I look like my father.
I don't think I look much like me in that photo.
I don't think I love you anymore.
I don't think I made myself clear.
I don't think I need Tom's permission to do that.
I don't think I need Tom's permission.
I don't think I need a bodyguard.
I don't think I need a coat today.
I don't think I need a new coat.
I don't think I need anybody's permission to do that.
I don't think I need anyone's permission to do that.
I don't think I need one.
I don't think I need to ask for Tom's help.
I don't think I need to be here any longer.
I don't think I need to do anything else.
I don't think I need to do anything today.
I don't think I need to do that again.
I don't think I need to do that anymore.
I don't think I need to do that here.
I don't think I need to do that today.
I don't think I need to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think I need to do that with Tom.
I don't think I need to do that.
I don't think I need to explain that to Tom.
I don't think I need to go shopping today.
I don't think I need to go there today.
I don't think I need to go.
I don't think I need to help Tom anymore.
I don't think I need to help Tom do that.
I don't think I need to lose weight.
I don't think I need to read the instructions.
I don't think I need to tell Tom Mary wants him to do that.
I don't think I need to tell Tom about our plans.
I don't think I need to tell Tom about what we're planning to do.
I don't think I need to tell Tom he needs to study harder.
I don't think I need to tell Tom that Mary wants him to do that.
I don't think I need to tell Tom that he needs to study harder.
I don't think I need to tell Tom to do that.
I don't think I need to tell Tom what to do.
I don't think I need to tell Tom why I did that.
I don't think I need to tell you what to do.
I don't think I need to tell you.
I don't think I need to wear a coat today.
I don't think I need to wear a tie to the party.
I don't think I need to worry about Tom anymore.
I don't think I need to worry about Tom.
I don't think I need to worry about that.
I don't think I need your help doing that.
I don't think I need your help right now.
I don't think I need your help today.
I don't think I need your help.
I don't think I needed to do that yesterday.
I don't think I needed to do that.
I don't think I offended anybody.
I don't think I offended anyone.
I don't think I ordered that.
I don't think I ought to do that anymore.
I don't think I ought to do that here.
I don't think I ought to do that right now.
I don't think I ought to do that today.
I don't think I ought to do that with Tom.
I don't think I ought to do that.
I don't think I overreacted.
I don't think I passed the exam.
I don't think I passed the test.
I don't think I realized how much I loved you until we broke up.
I don't think I realized how much I loved you until you left me.
I don't think I realized how much I loved you.
I don't think I really had to do that for Tom.
I don't think I really had to do that this morning.
I don't think I really had to do that.
I don't think I really have a problem.
I don't think I really have to do that again.
I don't think I really have to do that anymore.
I don't think I really have to do that here.
I don't think I really have to do that now.
I don't think I really have to do that.
I don't think I really matter to you.
I don't think I really need to do that for Tom.
I don't think I really need to do that today.
I don't think I really need to do that until Monday.
I don't think I really need to do that.
I don't think I really need to read this right away.
I don't think I really need to read this right now.
I don't think I really need to read this.
I don't think I really needed to do that.
I don't think I really needed to do what I did.
I don't think I really understand. Could you explain it again?
I don't think I said any of that.
I don't think I said that.
I don't think I scared Tom.
I don't think I shall get through all this work this afternoon.
I don't think I should ask Tom to do that for us.
I don't think I should ask Tom to do that right now.
I don't think I should ask Tom to do that.
I don't think I should attend that event.
I don't think I should be here today.
I don't think I should be here.
I don't think I should borrow any more money from Tom.
I don't think I should borrow any more money.
I don't think I should borrow more money.
I don't think I should buy anything else for Tom.
I don't think I should buy anything else until after payday.
I don't think I should buy anything else.
I don't think I should complain so much.
I don't think I should dance with Tom.
I don't think I should dance.
I don't think I should decide until later.
I don't think I should do that again.
I don't think I should do that anymore.
I don't think I should do that by myself.
I don't think I should do that for Tom.
I don't think I should do that inside.
I don't think I should do that today.
I don't think I should do that with Tom.
I don't think I should do that.
I don't think I should doubt you.
I don't think I should eat this.
I don't think I should go out on a day like this.
I don't think I should go there by myself.
I don't think I should go to Australia next summer.
I don't think I should go to Boston next week.
I don't think I should have done that.
I don't think I should have left early.
I don't think I should help you do that.
I don't think I should help you.
I don't think I should let you do that.
I don't think I should let you drive.
I don't think I should need to tell Tom to do that again.
I don't think I should need to tell Tom what to do.
I don't think I should really do that.
I don't think I should say anything more.
I don't think I should say anything.
I don't think I should show Tom how to do that.
I don't think I should sing.
I don't think I should tell Tom I'm going to Boston.
I don't think I should tell Tom about that.
I don't think I should tell Tom that I don't know how to do that.
I don't think I should tell Tom that I'm going to Australia.
I don't think I should tell Tom that I'm going to Boston.
I don't think I should tell Tom what I have to do.
I don't think I should tell you.
I don't think I should trust Tom anymore.
I don't think I should trust Tom.
I don't think I should've done that by myself.
I don't think I should've done that inside.
I don't think I should've done that with Tom.
I don't think I should've done that.
I don't think I should've left before Tom did.
I don't think I should've left before Tom.
I don't think I should've left early.
I don't think I should've left so early.
I don't think I snore, but I'm not really sure.
I don't think I snore.
I don't think I surprised Tom.
I don't think I understand what Tom and Mary are trying to do.
I don't think I understand what Tom is trying to do.
I don't think I understand why Tom and Mary are trying to do that.
I don't think I understand why Tom is trying to do that.
I don't think I understand you.
I don't think I understand.
I don't think I want that.
I don't think I want to answer any more of your questions right now.
I don't think I want to be here.
I don't think I want to do that by myself.
I don't think I want to do that here.
I don't think I want to do that now.
I don't think I want to do that right now.
I don't think I want to do that today.
I don't think I want to do that with Tom.
I don't think I want to do that with you.
I don't think I want to do that.
I don't think I want to do this.
I don't think I want to eat right now.
I don't think I want to go rowing with Tom.
I don't think I want to go there anymore.
I don't think I want to go to college.
I don't think I want to go.
I don't think I want to know that.
I don't think I want to know what Tom thinks.
I don't think I want to know.
I don't think I want to live in an apartment complex - I'm just really scared that I'm going to have bad neighbors.
I don't think I want to read Tom's report. The less I know, the better.
I don't think I want to see Tom again.
I don't think I want to see Tom anymore.
I don't think I want to see what a fly considers paradise.
I don't think I want to study French anymore.
I don't think I want to study French with you.
I don't think I want to study French.
I don't think I want to talk about it.
I don't think I was aggressive enough.
I don't think I was disobedient.
I don't think I was followed.
I don't think I was taken advantage of.
I don't think I was there.
I don't think I will come tomorrow.
I don't think I will ever be able to master the Japanese particles "wa'' and "ga.''
I don't think I will get through all this work this afternoon.
I don't think I would do that after dark.
I don't think I would do that by myself.
I don't think I would do that here.
I don't think I would do that with Tom.
I don't think I would do that.
I don't think I would enjoy doing that again.
I don't think I would enjoy doing that by myself.
I don't think I would enjoy doing that outside in the winter.
I don't think I would enjoy doing that with Tom.
I don't think I would enjoy doing that you.
I don't think I would enjoy doing that.
I don't think I would ever shop until I had to go into debt because of it.
I don't think I would have ever said what you say I said.
I don't think I would have gone there by car.
I don't think I would have had the courage to do that.
I don't think I would like to change my name.
I don't think I would've gone there by car.
I don't think I would've had the courage to do that.
I don't think I'd allow Tom to do that.
I don't think I'd be able to convince Tom to do that again.
I don't think I'd be able to convince Tom to do that for us.
I don't think I'd be able to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think I'd be able to do that without any help.
I don't think I'd be able to do that without your help.
I don't think I'd be able to do that.
I don't think I'd be able to forgive Sami.
I don't think I'd be able to forgive Tom and Mary if they did that to me.
I don't think I'd be able to forgive Tom if he did that to me.
I don't think I'd be able to forgive Tom.
I don't think I'd be able to forgive you if you did that.
I don't think I'd be able to get Tom to do that again.
I don't think I'd be able to get Tom to do that.
I don't think I'd be able to wear something like that to work.
I don't think I'd be doing that if I didn't want to.
I don't think I'd be interested in buying any of Tom's paintings.
I don't think I'd be interested in doing that.
I don't think I'd be that interested in doing something like that.
I don't think I'd be that interested in doing that.
I don't think I'd be that interested.
I don't think I'd be very good company.
I don't think I'd change anything.
I don't think I'd do anything like that.
I don't think I'd do that by myself.
I don't think I'd do that.
I don't think I'd enjoy doing that by myself.
I don't think I'd enjoy doing that in the rain.
I don't think I'd enjoy doing that with Tom.
I don't think I'd enjoy doing that with you.
I don't think I'd enjoy doing that.
I don't think I'd enjoy living in Australia.
I don't think I'd enjoy living in Boston.
I don't think I'd enjoy playing chess with you.
I don't think I'd enjoy playing tennis with Tom.
I don't think I'd ever be able to do that as fast as Tom does.
I don't think I'd ever be able to do that.
I don't think I'd ever been so happy in my whole life.
I don't think I'd ever do that by myself.
I don't think I'd ever do that with Tom.
I don't think I'd ever do that.
I don't think I'd ever eat dog meat.
I don't think I'd ever get a tattoo.
I don't think I'd ever make a mistake like that.
I don't think I'd ever need to do that.
I don't think I'd ever want to do that by alone.
I don't think I'd ever want to do that by myself.
I don't think I'd ever want to do that with Tom.
I don't think I'd ever want to do that with you.
I don't think I'd ever want to do that.
I don't think I'd ever want to live here.
I don't think I'd ever want to live in Australia.
I don't think I'd ever want to live in Boston.
I don't think I'd fit in.
I don't think I'd have fun doing that.
I don't think I'd have the courage to do that.
I don't think I'd kiss Tom.
I don't think I'd let Tom do that by himself.
I don't think I'd let Tom do that.
I don't think I'd like Australia.
I don't think I'd like Boston.
I don't think I'd like being married to Tom.
I don't think I'd like doing that at all.
I don't think I'd like doing that by myself.
I don't think I'd like doing that with Tom.
I don't think I'd like doing that.
I don't think I'd like it.
I don't think I'd like living in Australia.
I don't think I'd like living in Boston.
I don't think I'd like living with Tom.
I don't think I'd like that at all.
I don't think I'd like to be married to Tom.
I don't think I'd like to do that with Tom by myself.
I don't think I'd like to do that with Tom.
I don't think I'd like to do that.
I don't think I'd like to live in Australia.
I don't think I'd like to live in Boston.
I don't think I'd like you as a friend.
I don't think I'd make a very good father.
I don't think I'd make a very good spy.
I don't think I'd make a very good teacher.
I don't think I'd mind doing that again.
I don't think I'd mind doing this again.
I don't think I'd mind eating Chinese food every day.
I don't think I'd permit Tom to do that.
I don't think I'd rule that out.
I don't think I'd want to date your sister.
I don't think I'd want to do that with Tom.
I don't think I'd want to do that.
I don't think I'll allow Tom to do that by himself.
I don't think I'll allow Tom to do that today.
I don't think I'll allow Tom to do that.
I don't think I'll be able to come tomorrow.
I don't think I'll be able to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think I'll be able to convince Tom to stop doing that.
I don't think I'll be able to convince Tom.
I don't think I'll be able to do that again.
I don't think I'll be able to do that anymore.
I don't think I'll be able to do that by myself.
I don't think I'll be able to do that today.
I don't think I'll be able to do that.
I don't think I'll be able to do what I need to do.
I don't think I'll be able to do what I want to do.
I don't think I'll be able to do what I wanted to do today.
I don't think I'll be able to do what Tom and Mary want me to do.
I don't think I'll be able to do what Tom wants me to do.
I don't think I'll be able to do what you want me to do.
I don't think I'll be able to do what you've asked me to do.
I don't think I'll be able to eat all this.
I don't think I'll be able to eat anything else.
I don't think I'll be able to finish doing this by myself.
I don't think I'll be able to finish the job by myself.
I don't think I'll be able to fix it.
I don't think I'll be able to fix that.
I don't think I'll be able to fix your broken phone.
I don't think I'll be able to get Tom to do that.
I don't think I'll be able to get in there with Tom.
I don't think I'll be able to get that done today.
I don't think I'll be able to get there before 2:30.
I don't think I'll be able to get there on time.
I don't think I'll be able to get this stain out.
I don't think I'll be able to go swimming today.
I don't think I'll be able to help you this afternoon.
I don't think I'll be able to hold in my anger any longer.
I don't think I'll be able to keep Tom from doing that.
I don't think I'll be able to lift that box.
I don't think I'll be able to make myself understood in French.
I don't think I'll be able to manage doing that on my own.
I don't think I'll be able to pass the examination.
I don't think I'll be able to pass the test.
I don't think I'll be able to pay all my bills this month.
I don't think I'll be able to sleep tonight.
I don't think I'll be able to solve this problem by myself.
I don't think I'll be able to talk Tom into doing that.
I don't think I'll be able to translate this document without your help.
I don't think I'll be able to understand it.
I don't think I'll be able to understand that.
I don't think I'll be able to visit you next Monday.
I don't think I'll be able to win.
I don't think I'll be accused of malicious intent.
I don't think I'll be allowed to do that again.
I don't think I'll be allowed to do that anymore.
I don't think I'll be allowed to do that by myself.
I don't think I'll be allowed to do that with Tom.
I don't think I'll be allowed to do that.
I don't think I'll be alone.
I don't think I'll be arrested.
I don't think I'll be as early tomorrow as I was today.
I don't think I'll be at home this afternoon.
I don't think I'll be awake when Tom gets home.
I don't think I'll be awake when you get home.
I don't think I'll be bored.
I don't think I'll be busy next week.
I don't think I'll be cold.
I don't think I'll be doing that again.
I don't think I'll be doing that anymore.
I don't think I'll be doing that anytime soon.
I don't think I'll be doing that by myself.
I don't think I'll be doing that this afternoon.
I don't think I'll be doing that with Tom.
I don't think I'll be doing that.
I don't think I'll be early.
I don't think I'll be finished doing that by 2:30.
I don't think I'll be here tomorrow.
I don't think I'll be in Australia next month.
I don't think I'll be in Australia next week.
I don't think I'll be in Australia next winter.
I don't think I'll be in Boston next week.
I don't think I'll be in Boston next winter.
I don't think I'll be in my office on Monday.
I don't think I'll be in my office tomorrow morning.
I don't think I'll be late.
I don't think I'll be lonely anymore, now that you're all here with me.
I don't think I'll be lonely.
I don't think I'll be needing anything else.
I don't think I'll be needing these any more.
I don't think I'll be permitted to do that again.
I don't think I'll be permitted to do that anymore.
I don't think I'll be permitted to do that by myself.
I don't think I'll be permitted to do that with Tom.
I don't think I'll be permitted to do that.
I don't think I'll be present at today's meeting.
I don't think I'll be ready to do that until next year.
I don't think I'll be scared.
I don't think I'll be the first one to do that.
I don't think I'll be the last one to do that.
I don't think I'll be the next one to do that.
I don't think I'll buy this. It's too expensive.
I don't think I'll change.
I don't think I'll come tomorrow.
I don't think I'll cry.
I don't think I'll dance with Tom.
I don't think I'll dance.
I don't think I'll do that again.
I don't think I'll do that anymore.
I don't think I'll do that by myself.
I don't think I'll do that here.
I don't think I'll do that now.
I don't think I'll do that today.
I don't think I'll do that with Tom.
I don't think I'll do that.
I don't think I'll eat that.
I don't think I'll enjoy it.
I don't think I'll ever be a father.
I don't think I'll ever be able to afford to buy a house.
I don't think I'll ever be able to do that again.
I don't think I'll ever be able to do that by myself.
I don't think I'll ever be able to do that.
I don't think I'll ever be able to fix that.
I don't think I'll ever be able to learn how to do that.
I don't think I'll ever be forgiven for doing that.
I don't think I'll ever be forgiven.
I don't think I'll ever be given the chance to do that.
I don't think I'll ever be happy here.
I don't think I'll ever do that again.
I don't think I'll ever do that.
I don't think I'll ever forget this.
I don't think I'll ever get married.
I don't think I'll ever get tired of doing this.
I don't think I'll ever get used to Korean food.
I don't think I'll ever get used to doing this.
I don't think I'll ever get used to the cold in this country.
I don't think I'll ever get used to this.
I don't think I'll ever go back to Australia again.
I don't think I'll ever go back to Boston again.
I don't think I'll ever go back to Boston.
I don't think I'll ever learn how to ride a unicycle.
I don't think I'll ever master French.
I don't think I'll ever meet Tom.
I don't think I'll ever meet him.
I don't think I'll ever retire.
I don't think I'll ever see Tom again.
I don't think I'll ever sound like a native speaker no matter how much I try.
I don't think I'll ever sound like a native speaker, and I don't really think I need to.
I don't think I'll ever sound like a native speaker.
I don't think I'll ever understand women.
I don't think I'll ever understand.
I don't think I'll finish all this work this afternoon.
I don't think I'll finish this by the end of the week.
I don't think I'll finish this today.
I don't think I'll get a chance to do that.
I don't think I'll get a good grade on the exam.
I don't think I'll get a good grade on the test.
I don't think I'll get any sleep tonight.
I don't think I'll get in trouble if I do that.
I don't think I'll get in trouble.
I don't think I'll get the job.
I don't think I'll get there on time.
I don't think I'll go out today because it's quite cold.
I don't think I'll go out tonight.
I don't think I'll go there today.
I don't think I'll go to Australia this year.
I don't think I'll go to Australia.
I don't think I'll go to Boston this year.
I don't think I'll go to Boston.
I don't think I'll go to Tom's party.
I don't think I'll go to college.
I don't think I'll go to work tomorrow.
I don't think I'll go today.
I don't think I'll have a chance to do that.
I don't think I'll have enough time to do everything I want to do.
I don't think I'll have the funds by then.
I don't think I'll have the time to do that today.
I don't think I'll have the time to help you today.
I don't think I'll have time for that anymore.
I don't think I'll have time to do that today.
I don't think I'll have time to do that until Monday.
I don't think I'll have time to do that.
I don't think I'll have time to help you do that today.
I don't think I'll have time to help you do that.
I don't think I'll have time to help you this afternoon.
I don't think I'll have time.
I don't think I'll have to do that by myself.
I don't think I'll have to do that today.
I don't think I'll have to do that.
I don't think I'll have to tell Tom to do that again.
I don't think I'll have too much of a problem with that.
I don't think I'll have too much trouble doing that.
I don't think I'll kiss Tom again.
I don't think I'll kiss Tom anymore.
I don't think I'll kiss Tom.
I don't think I'll let Tom do that anymore.
I don't think I'll let Tom do that by himself.
I don't think I'll let Tom do that today.
I don't think I'll let Tom do that.
I don't think I'll like it.
I don't think I'll likely do that by myself.
I don't think I'll likely do that if you don't do it with me.
I don't think I'll likely do that today.
I don't think I'll likely do that with Tom.
I don't think I'll likely do that.
I don't think I'll live to the end of the world.
I don't think I'll lose.
I don't think I'll make it to school on time.
I don't think I'll make it to your party.
I don't think I'll make it.
I don't think I'll make the grade if I try to play professional baseball.
I don't think I'll need an umbrella today.
I don't think I'll need any more help.
I don't think I'll need to do that again.
I don't think I'll need to do that today.
I don't think I'll need to do that.
I don't think I'll need to say anything.
I don't think I'll need to tell Tom to do that again.
I don't think I'll need too much help.
I don't think I'll need your help today.
I don't think I'll need your help.
I don't think I'll pass this exam.
I don't think I'll permit Tom to do that.
I don't think I'll play tennis today.
I don't think I'll sing that song tonight.
I don't think I'll stay until the end of the concert.
I don't think I'll succeed.
I don't think I'll tell Tom about this.
I don't think I'll wait any longer.
I don't think I'll win again.
I don't think I'll win.
I don't think I'm a bad loser.
I don't think I'm a good athlete.
I don't think I'm adopted.
I don't think I'm allowed to do that.
I don't think I'm allowed to help you do that.
I don't think I'm allowed to help you.
I don't think I'm alone.
I don't think I'm as creative as Tom.
I don't think I'm being unreasonable.
I don't think I'm better than Tom.
I don't think I'm biased.
I don't think I'm capable of doing that.
I don't think I'm conceited.
I don't think I'm cut out for city life.
I don't think I'm cut out for that kind of thing.
I don't think I'm cut out to be captain.
I don't think I'm doing this right.
I don't think I'm drunk enough for this.
I don't think I'm drunk enough to enjoy this kind of music.
I don't think I'm ever going to be able to do that.
I don't think I'm fat.
I don't think I'm going to be able to do that by myself.
I don't think I'm going to be able to do that without some help.
I don't think I'm going to be able to do that.
I don't think I'm going to do that again.
I don't think I'm going to do that anymore.
I don't think I'm going to do that anytime soon.
I don't think I'm going to do that today.
I don't think I'm going to do that with Tom.
I don't think I'm going to do that.
I don't think I'm going to like being here.
I don't think I'm going to like doing that.
I don't think I'm going to like this party.
I don't think I'm going to make it.
I don't think I'm going to marry Tom.
I don't think I'm going to resign.
I don't think I'm going to see Tom today.
I don't think I'm going to see Tom.
I don't think I'm going with you.
I don't think I'm handsome.
I don't think I'm healthy enough to do that.
I don't think I'm hungry enough to eat all of this.
I don't think I'm immature.
I don't think I'm in a ton of immediate danger.
I don't think I'm introverted.
I don't think I'm likely to be fired.
I don't think I'm made for urban life.
I don't think I'm materialistic.
I don't think I'm narrow-minded.
I don't think I'm needed here any longer.
I don't think I'm neurotic.
I don't think I'm overemotional.
I don't think I'm overreacting.
I don't think I'm permitted to do that.
I don't think I'm prepared for the exam.
I don't think I'm qualified.
I don't think I'm quite ready for food.
I don't think I'm ready for a relationship.
I don't think I'm ready for that.
I don't think I'm ready to do that yet.
I don't think I'm ready to do that.
I don't think I'm ready to go yet.
I don't think I'm ready to leave yet.
I don't think I'm ready to leave.
I don't think I'm ready.
I don't think I'm really ready to do that.
I don't think I'm smart enough to get into Harvard.
I don't think I'm strong enough to do that.
I don't think I'm stubborn.
I don't think I'm supposed to be here.
I don't think I'm tall enough to reach the top shelf.
I don't think I'm that much of a complainer.
I don't think I'm the best person for the job.
I don't think I'm the best. I know I'm the best.
I don't think I'm the kind of person you could say looks cute or has an adorable voice.
I don't think I'm the only one here who speaks French.
I don't think I'm the only one who needs help.
I don't think I'm the only one who noticed.
I don't think I'm the only one who'll need help.
I don't think I'm the only one who's worried about Tom.
I don't think I'm the only one who's worried about that.
I don't think I'm the only one who's worried about what Tom might do.
I don't think I'm the only one who's worried.
I don't think I'm the person that you're looking for.
I don't think I'm the person you're looking for.
I don't think I'm the problem.
I don't think I'm the right person for the job.
I don't think I'm ugly.
I don't think I'm unapproachable.
I don't think I'm unbeatable.
I don't think I'm unimaginative.
I don't think I'm uninteresting.
I don't think I'm unlucky.
I don't think I'm up to it.
I don't think I'm up to the job.
I don't think I'm very charismatic.
I don't think I'm very funny.
I don't think I'm very hungry.
I don't think I'm very lucky.
I don't think I'm very petty.
I don't think I'm very pretty.
I don't think I'm very talented.
I don't think I'm wrong.
I don't think I've bought everything I need.
I don't think I've bought everything that I need.
I don't think I've broken any laws.
I don't think I've broken any rules.
I don't think I've changed all that much.
I don't think I've changed so much.
I don't think I've completely forgiven her yet.
I don't think I've completely forgiven him yet.
I don't think I've done anything I wasn't supposed to do.
I don't think I've done anything illegal.
I don't think I've done anything wrong.
I don't think I've ever been confused for Mary.
I don't think I've ever been fooled before.
I don't think I've ever been happier.
I don't think I've ever been here before.
I don't think I've ever been so frightened.
I don't think I've ever been so happy in my whole life.
I don't think I've ever been so happy.
I don't think I've ever been this busy.
I don't think I've ever been this close to falling in love.
I don't think I've ever been this happy in my entire life!
I don't think I've ever been this happy.
I don't think I've ever done anything that would cause my parents to want to punish me.
I don't think I've ever done that by myself.
I don't think I've ever done that.
I don't think I've ever eaten anything that you would consider disgusting.
I don't think I've ever eaten anything you would consider disgusting.
I don't think I've ever eaten dog meat.
I don't think I've ever experienced true happiness.
I don't think I've ever hated anybody so much.
I don't think I've ever hated anyone so much.
I don't think I've ever heard Tom complain about Mary's cooking.
I don't think I've ever heard Tom complain about anything.
I don't think I've ever heard Tom complain about the weather.
I don't think I've ever heard Tom complain.
I don't think I've ever heard Tom laugh.
I don't think I've ever heard Tom sing.
I don't think I've ever heard either Tom or Mary complain about anything.
I don't think I've ever heard of anyone named Tom.
I don't think I've ever heard that joke before.
I don't think I've ever heard this song before.
I don't think I've ever heard you complain about anything.
I don't think I've ever heard you complain about the weather.
I don't think I've ever heard you play guitar before.
I don't think I've ever hugged Tom.
I don't think I've ever laughed so hard in my life.
I don't think I've ever lied to Tom.
I don't think I've ever made any serious mistakes.
I don't think I've ever met Tom.
I don't think I've ever met anybody like you.
I don't think I've ever met anybody who knows how to do that.
I don't think I've ever met anyone like you.
I don't think I've ever met anyone who knows how to do that.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom and Mary do that.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom cry.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom dancing.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom do that by himself.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom do that.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom doing that.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom here before.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom riding a unicycle.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom smile.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom this angry before.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom with Mary.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom's dog.
I don't think I've ever seen a pizza with such a topping.
I don't think I've ever seen anybody do that before.
I don't think I've ever seen anybody doing that before.
I don't think I've ever seen anybody try doing that before.
I don't think I've ever seen anybody try it before.
I don't think I've ever seen anyone do that before.
I don't think I've ever seen anyone doing that before.
I don't think I've ever seen anyone try doing that before.
I don't think I've ever seen anyone try it before.
I don't think I've ever seen anything so beautiful.
I don't think I've ever seen such a cute pirate before.
I don't think I've ever seen them before.
I don't think I've ever seen you do that by yourself.
I don't think I've ever seen you do that.
I don't think I've ever seen you so busy.
I don't think I've ever seen you so happy.
I don't think I've ever seen you so upset.
I don't think I've ever seen you this busy before.
I don't think I've ever seen you this drunk before.
I don't think I've ever seen you this happy before.
I don't think I've ever tried that before.
I don't think I've forgotten anything.
I don't think I've forgotten to buy anything.
I don't think I've forgotten to do anything.
I don't think I've fully forgiven her yet.
I don't think I've fully forgiven him yet.
I don't think I've got much choice.
I don't think I've got the strength to carry on.
I don't think I've heard that word in a long time.
I don't think I've made enough spaghetti for everybody.
I don't think I've made enough spaghetti for everyone.
I don't think I've mellowed.
I don't think I've seen Cookie since Mary was pregnant with Tom.
I don't think I've seen you around here before.
I don't think I've seen you before.
I don't think I've seen you here before.
I don't think I've seen you since 2004.
I don't think I've slept enough.
I don't think James would ever get out of prison.
I don't think John is suited for the job.
I don't think Layla understands that.
I don't think Layla was a runaway.
I don't think Mary can afford to buy the car she wants.
I don't think Mary can do that by herself.
I don't think Mary can take care of herself.
I don't think Mary could do that even if she tried.
I don't think Mary did what Tom said she did.
I don't think Mary did what you say she did.
I don't think Mary has ever done that by herself.
I don't think Mary has everything she needs.
I don't think Mary has everything she wants.
I don't think Mary has her phone on her.
I don't think Mary has time to buy everything she needs to buy.
I don't think Mary has time today to do everything she needs to do.
I don't think Mary has to go there by herself.
I don't think Mary has what she wants yet.
I don't think Mary is as beautiful as her older sister.
I don't think Mary is as pretty as Alice.
I don't think Mary is as pretty as her sister.
I don't think Mary is beautiful.
I don't think Mary is going to admit that she's wrong.
I don't think Mary is going to let you eat her piece of cake.
I don't think Mary is pretty.
I don't think Mary is sure that's what she has to do.
I don't think Mary is sure that's what she needs to do.
I don't think Mary killed herself.
I don't think Mary knows exactly what she has to do.
I don't think Mary knows exactly what she needs to do.
I don't think Mary knows exactly what she ought to do.
I don't think Mary knows exactly what she should be doing.
I don't think Mary knows exactly what she should do.
I don't think Mary knows how Tom feels about her.
I don't think Mary knows how lucky she is.
I don't think Mary knows how much Tom loves her.
I don't think Mary knows how much time it'll take for her to paint her house.
I don't think Mary knows how much time she'll need to do that.
I don't think Mary knows how much time she'll need.
I don't think Mary knows how she's going to do that yet.
I don't think Mary knows she has to do that today.
I don't think Mary knows she shouldn't be doing that anymore.
I don't think Mary knows she shouldn't be doing that here.
I don't think Mary knows she shouldn't be doing that.
I don't think Mary knows she shouldn't do that here.
I don't think Mary knows she's going to be fired.
I don't think Mary knows she's not supposed to be doing that.
I don't think Mary knows she's not supposed to do that.
I don't think Mary knows she's not supposed to park there.
I don't think Mary knows that I don't like her.
I don't think Mary knows that I hate her.
I don't think Mary knows that I think she's stupid.
I don't think Mary knows that Tom doesn't like her.
I don't think Mary knows that Tom is in love with her.
I don't think Mary knows that Tom thinks she's stupid.
I don't think Mary knows that she's adopted.
I don't think Mary knows that she's not supposed to be doing that.
I don't think Mary knows that she's not supposed to do that.
I don't think Mary knows that she's supposed to do that.
I don't think Mary knows that what she did was wrong.
I don't think Mary knows what Tom expects her to do.
I don't think Mary knows what Tom wants her to buy for him.
I don't think Mary knows what Tom wants her to buy.
I don't think Mary knows what Tom wants her to do.
I don't think Mary knows what Tom would like her to do.
I don't think Mary knows what she has to buy.
I don't think Mary knows what she has to do yet.
I don't think Mary knows what she has to do.
I don't think Mary knows what she needs to buy.
I don't think Mary knows what she needs to do yet.
I don't think Mary knows what she needs to do.
I don't think Mary knows what she should do yet.
I don't think Mary knows what she wants.
I don't think Mary knows what she'll do yet.
I don't think Mary knows what she's doing.
I don't think Mary knows what she's going to do yet.
I don't think Mary knows what she's going to do.
I don't think Mary knows what she's gotten herself into.
I don't think Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
I don't think Mary knows what she's talking about.
I don't think Mary knows where she is.
I don't think Mary knows where she should be.
I don't think Mary knows whether she can do that or not.
I don't think Mary knows who's going to help her.
I don't think Mary knows why Tom is afraid of her.
I don't think Mary knows why Tom is ignoring her.
I don't think Mary knows why Tom is mad at her.
I don't think Mary knows why Tom is scared of her.
I don't think Mary knows why Tom wants her to do that.
I don't think Mary knows why Tom wants her to leave.
I don't think Mary knows why Tom wasn't at her party.
I don't think Mary liked the song you wrote about her.
I don't think Mary likes you as much as you like her.
I don't think Mary likes you the way you like her.
I don't think Mary looks like a mother.
I don't think Mary looks like her mother.
I don't think Mary loves Tom as much as he loves her.
I don't think Mary loves me anymore.
I don't think Mary loves me as much as I love her.
I don't think Mary really did that by herself.
I don't think Mary really meant what she said.
I don't think Mary really wants to do that by herself.
I don't think Mary wants to do that by herself.
I don't think Mary was expecting Tom to do that for her.
I don't think Mary was expecting you to do that for her.
I don't think Mary will be able to do that by herself.
I don't think Mary will be able to do what you're asking her to do.
I don't think Mary will be as careful as she should be.
I don't think Mary will be doing that by herself.
I don't think Mary will be happy living with her mother-in-law.
I don't think Mary will do that by herself.
I don't think Mary will do what we asked her to do.
I don't think Mary would be absent if she weren't sick.
I don't think Mary would be bored if you told her about your trip.
I don't think Mary would be doing that if she didn't have to.
I don't think Mary would be doing that if she didn't need to.
I don't think Mary would be doing that if she didn't want to.
I don't think Mary would be here if she didn't have to be.
I don't think Mary would be here if she didn't need to be.
I don't think Mary would be here if she didn't want to be.
I don't think Mary would do that by herself.
I don't think Mary would do what you said she did.
I don't think Mary would ever leave her husband.
I don't think Mary would leave her husband.
I don't think Mary would've swum by herself.
I don't think Mary would've tried doing that by herself.
I don't think Mary would've tried to do that by herself.
I don't think Mennad is going to win.
I don't think Mr. Jackson is a good leader.
I don't think Sami sees it that way.
I don't think TV will ever take the place of books.
I don't think Tom actually did his homework by himself.
I don't think Tom actually said that.
I don't think Tom actually understands.
I don't think Tom agreed to do that.
I don't think Tom agrees with you.
I don't think Tom always does that that way.
I don't think Tom always does that.
I don't think Tom and I are getting anywhere.
I don't think Tom and I are going to make it.
I don't think Tom and I can do that by ourselves.
I don't think Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
I don't think Tom and I'll see each other again.
I don't think Tom and John are brothers.
I don't think Tom and Mary agree with you.
I don't think Tom and Mary are Canadian.
I don't think Tom and Mary are Canadians.
I don't think Tom and Mary are able to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary are able to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are absent.
I don't think Tom and Mary are adopted.
I don't think Tom and Mary are afraid.
I don't think Tom and Mary are allergic to peanuts.
I don't think Tom and Mary are allowed to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are alone.
I don't think Tom and Mary are amused by what's going on.
I don't think Tom and Mary are angry.
I don't think Tom and Mary are annoyed.
I don't think Tom and Mary are as fast as I am.
I don't think Tom and Mary are as fast as me.
I don't think Tom and Mary are asleep.
I don't think Tom and Mary are awake.
I don't think Tom and Mary are back from Boston yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary are being honest.
I don't think Tom and Mary are being realistic.
I don't think Tom and Mary are being reasonable.
I don't think Tom and Mary are being sarcastic.
I don't think Tom and Mary are being very helpful.
I don't think Tom and Mary are blind.
I don't think Tom and Mary are bluffing.
I don't think Tom and Mary are bored.
I don't think Tom and Mary are brave.
I don't think Tom and Mary are broke.
I don't think Tom and Mary are brother and sister.
I don't think Tom and Mary are busy now.
I don't think Tom and Mary are busy today.
I don't think Tom and Mary are busy.
I don't think Tom and Mary are capable of doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are capable of that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are careful enough.
I don't think Tom and Mary are careless.
I don't think Tom and Mary are cold.
I don't think Tom and Mary are coming back here today.
I don't think Tom and Mary are coming back.
I don't think Tom and Mary are coming.
I don't think Tom and Mary are conceited.
I don't think Tom and Mary are concerned.
I don't think Tom and Mary are confused.
I don't think Tom and Mary are correct.
I don't think Tom and Mary are crazy.
I don't think Tom and Mary are crying.
I don't think Tom and Mary are cute.
I don't think Tom and Mary are dead.
I don't think Tom and Mary are dependable.
I don't think Tom and Mary are depressed.
I don't think Tom and Mary are desperate to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are desperate.
I don't think Tom and Mary are difficult to get along with.
I don't think Tom and Mary are disappointed.
I don't think Tom and Mary are discouraged.
I don't think Tom and Mary are dishonest.
I don't think Tom and Mary are divorced.
I don't think Tom and Mary are doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are done.
I don't think Tom and Mary are downstairs.
I don't think Tom and Mary are drunk.
I don't think Tom and Mary are embarrassed.
I don't think Tom and Mary are engaged.
I don't think Tom and Mary are ever going to be friends.
I don't think Tom and Mary are ever going to get married.
I don't think Tom and Mary are ever going to pay you back.
I don't think Tom and Mary are fat.
I don't think Tom and Mary are feeling very well this afternoon.
I don't think Tom and Mary are finished doing that yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary are finished doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are finished.
I don't think Tom and Mary are friendly.
I don't think Tom and Mary are frightened.
I don't think Tom and Mary are funny.
I don't think Tom and Mary are glad that that's going to happen.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going anywhere.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going away.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to admit that they're wrong.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to be able to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to be happy about that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to be here tomorrow.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to be here until 2:30.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to be here.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to be too much help.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to do that again.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to get fired.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to give it back.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to hear us.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to help us.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to like that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to make it.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to need our help.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to resign.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to study French next year.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to want to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to want to go to Boston with you.
I don't think Tom and Mary are guilty.
I don't think Tom and Mary are handsome.
I don't think Tom and Mary are happy here.
I don't think Tom and Mary are happy right now.
I don't think Tom and Mary are happy.
I don't think Tom and Mary are here.
I don't think Tom and Mary are home.
I don't think Tom and Mary are homesick.
I don't think Tom and Mary are honest.
I don't think Tom and Mary are hungry.
I don't think Tom and Mary are impressed.
I don't think Tom and Mary are in Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary are in.
I don't think Tom and Mary are innocent.
I don't think Tom and Mary are interested in doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are interested.
I don't think Tom and Mary are intimidated.
I don't think Tom and Mary are intoxicated.
I don't think Tom and Mary are involved.
I don't think Tom and Mary are irritated.
I don't think Tom and Mary are jealous.
I don't think Tom and Mary are lazy.
I don't think Tom and Mary are like that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are listening to me.
I don't think Tom and Mary are listening.
I don't think Tom and Mary are lonely.
I don't think Tom and Mary are lying.
I don't think Tom and Mary are mad.
I don't think Tom and Mary are married anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary are married to each other.
I don't think Tom and Mary are married.
I don't think Tom and Mary are miserable.
I don't think Tom and Mary are mistaken.
I don't think Tom and Mary are motivated to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are nervous.
I don't think Tom and Mary are nice.
I don't think Tom and Mary are nosy.
I don't think Tom and Mary are old enough to do that yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary are old enough to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are old.
I don't think Tom and Mary are outside.
I don't think Tom and Mary are overweight.
I don't think Tom and Mary are permitted to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are planning on helping us.
I don't think Tom and Mary are planning to help us.
I don't think Tom and Mary are prejudiced.
I don't think Tom and Mary are prepared to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are prepared.
I don't think Tom and Mary are pushy.
I don't think Tom and Mary are qualified to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are qualified.
I don't think Tom and Mary are ready to do that yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary are ready yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary are ready.
I don't think Tom and Mary are related to each other.
I don't think Tom and Mary are related.
I don't think Tom and Mary are reliable.
I don't think Tom and Mary are reluctant to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are responsible for that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are retired yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary are retired.
I don't think Tom and Mary are rich.
I don't think Tom and Mary are right.
I don't think Tom and Mary are sad.
I don't think Tom and Mary are satisfied.
I don't think Tom and Mary are scared.
I don't think Tom and Mary are schizophrenic.
I don't think Tom and Mary are selfish.
I don't think Tom and Mary are serious.
I don't think Tom and Mary are shy.
I don't think Tom and Mary are sick.
I don't think Tom and Mary are single.
I don't think Tom and Mary are skinny.
I don't think Tom and Mary are sleepy.
I don't think Tom and Mary are slow.
I don't think Tom and Mary are smarter than you.
I don't think Tom and Mary are so strange.
I don't think Tom and Mary are still alive.
I don't think Tom and Mary are stingy.
I don't think Tom and Mary are strange.
I don't think Tom and Mary are strict.
I don't think Tom and Mary are strong.
I don't think Tom and Mary are stupid.
I don't think Tom and Mary are sure that's what they have to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary are sure that's what they need to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary are sure.
I don't think Tom and Mary are suspicious.
I don't think Tom and Mary are sympathetic.
I don't think Tom and Mary are telling the truth.
I don't think Tom and Mary are that weird.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the kind of people who would do that kind of thing.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the kind of people who'd do that kind of thing.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the kind of people who'd do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the ones who need help.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the ones who need to apologize.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the ones who wrote this report.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't have enough money to buy a ticket.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't have enough money to buy tickets.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the only ones who had to go to the hospital.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the people you should be talking to.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the right people for the job.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the right people for this particular job.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the type of people who would do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are thirsty.
I don't think Tom and Mary are through doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are tired.
I don't think Tom and Mary are trustworthy.
I don't think Tom and Mary are trying hard enough.
I don't think Tom and Mary are ugly.
I don't think Tom and Mary are uncomfortable.
I don't think Tom and Mary are unfriendly.
I don't think Tom and Mary are unlucky.
I don't think Tom and Mary are up.
I don't think Tom and Mary are upset.
I don't think Tom and Mary are very good at skiing.
I don't think Tom and Mary are very lucky.
I don't think Tom and Mary are very reliable.
I don't think Tom and Mary are very talented.
I don't think Tom and Mary are well.
I don't think Tom and Mary are worried.
I don't think Tom and Mary are wrong.
I don't think Tom and Mary can afford to buy the car they want.
I don't think Tom and Mary can do that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary care.
I don't think Tom and Mary could do that even if they tried.
I don't think Tom and Mary did what John said they did.
I don't think Tom and Mary did what you say they did.
I don't think Tom and Mary do that anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary do that very often.
I don't think Tom and Mary do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary eat pork.
I don't think Tom and Mary enjoy being here.
I don't think Tom and Mary enjoy bowling.
I don't think Tom and Mary enjoy doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary enjoy hanging out with us.
I don't think Tom and Mary enjoy hiking.
I don't think Tom and Mary enjoy swimming.
I don't think Tom and Mary ever get anywhere on time.
I don't think Tom and Mary feel the same way.
I don't think Tom and Mary go swimming together anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary go swimming together.
I don't think Tom and Mary have a brother.
I don't think Tom and Mary have a car.
I don't think Tom and Mary have a lot of experience.
I don't think Tom and Mary have a lot of money.
I don't think Tom and Mary have a lot of teaching experience.
I don't think Tom and Mary have a microwave oven.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any bad habits.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any chance of winning.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any children.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any classes today.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any enemies.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any experience doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any experience.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any friends here in Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any friends who like mountain climbing.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any friends who speak French.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any friends.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any idea what happened.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any idea what has to be done.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any idea what should be done.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any idea why that happened.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any intention of doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any money left.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any plans for Monday.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any plans for tomorrow.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any teaching experience.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any ulterior motives.
I don't think Tom and Mary have anything in common.
I don't think Tom and Mary have anything to worry about.
I don't think Tom and Mary have as many friends as I do.
I don't think Tom and Mary have as many stamps as I do.
I don't think Tom and Mary have as much free time as I do.
I don't think Tom and Mary have as much money as I do.
I don't think Tom and Mary have as much patience as I do.
I don't think Tom and Mary have as much patience as you.
I don't think Tom and Mary have broken any rules.
I don't think Tom and Mary have criminal records.
I don't think Tom and Mary have done that yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary have driver's licenses.
I don't think Tom and Mary have enough experience.
I don't think Tom and Mary have enough money to buy a new car.
I don't think Tom and Mary have enough money to buy a ticket.
I don't think Tom and Mary have enough money to buy that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have enough time to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever been bartenders.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever been here before.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever been in love.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever been to Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever done that before.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever done that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever done that together.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever done that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever gone swimming together.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever kissed each other.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever played tennis together.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever seen one of these before.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever seen this before.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever studied French.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever traveled together.
I don't think Tom and Mary have everything they need.
I don't think Tom and Mary have everything they want.
I don't think Tom and Mary have finished doing that yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary have finished doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have flood insurance.
I don't think Tom and Mary have full-time jobs.
I don't think Tom and Mary have gotten around to doing that yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary have graduate degrees.
I don't think Tom and Mary have health insurance.
I don't think Tom and Mary have many free weekends.
I don't think Tom and Mary have many friends here.
I don't think Tom and Mary have many weekends off.
I don't think Tom and Mary have much experience doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have much experience in teaching.
I don't think Tom and Mary have much experience.
I don't think Tom and Mary have much free time.
I don't think Tom and Mary have much in common.
I don't think Tom and Mary have much longer to live.
I don't think Tom and Mary have much money in the bank.
I don't think Tom and Mary have one of these yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary have studied French for very long.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the ability to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the confidence to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the courage to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the patience to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the stamina to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the strength to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the time to do that right now.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the willpower to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have their phones on them.
I don't think Tom and Mary have those kinds of problems.
I don't think Tom and Mary have time to buy everything they need to buy.
I don't think Tom and Mary have time to do that today.
I don't think Tom and Mary have time to help you today.
I don't think Tom and Mary have time to talk to you now.
I don't think Tom and Mary have time to talk to you today.
I don't think Tom and Mary have time today to do everything they need to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to be at today's meeting.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to be here tomorrow.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to come tomorrow.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to decide right away.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to decide today.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to do that again.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to do that either.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to do that today.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to do that until October.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to get up so early tomorrow.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to go anywhere today.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to go in there.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to go there by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to go to school next Monday.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to go to school tomorrow.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to pay anything.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to say anything.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to work anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to work on Monday.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to work on Mondays.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to work on October 20th.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to work today.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to worry about that yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to worry about that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have too many friends.
I don't think Tom and Mary have very long to live.
I don't think Tom and Mary have very many friends here.
I don't think Tom and Mary have very many friends in Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary have very many friends.
I don't think Tom and Mary have very many options.
I don't think Tom and Mary have very much experience doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have what they want yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary killed themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary know French at all.
I don't think Tom and Mary know French.
I don't think Tom and Mary know I still have this.
I don't think Tom and Mary know a lot about Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary know a lot about alligators.
I don't think Tom and Mary know a lot about classical music.
I don't think Tom and Mary know a lot about horses.
I don't think Tom and Mary know about this yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary know about those kinds of things.
I don't think Tom and Mary know all the rules yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary know all the rules.
I don't think Tom and Mary know any of the details yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary know any other way to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anybody at our school.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anybody here.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anybody in Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anybody who can do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anybody who is able to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anyone at our school.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anyone here.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anyone in Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anyone who can do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anyone who is able to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anyone who's able to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anything about Australia.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anything about carpentry.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anything about farming.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anything about fishing.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anything about folk music.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anything about this.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anything.
I don't think Tom and Mary know as many people here as I do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know as much about this as I do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know each other.
I don't think Tom and Mary know everybody's name yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary know everyone's name yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly how much it'll cost.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly how that happened.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly how to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly what has to be done.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly what needs to be done.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly what they have to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly what they need to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly what they ought to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly what they should be doing.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly what they should do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how John feels about them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how bad it is.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how deep the pool is.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how long the meeting will last.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how lucky they are.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how much it'll cost.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how much money was stolen.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how much money was taken.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how much time it'll take for them to paint their house.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how much time they'll need to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how much time they'll need.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how they're going to do that yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to cook very well.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to cook.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to dance.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to do that very well.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to do the breast stroke.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to drive a car.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to drive.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to get to my place.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to have fun.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to play backgammon.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to play golf.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to read or write.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to ride a horse.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to ride unicycles.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to speak French well.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to speak French.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to use an iron.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to use slide rules.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how worried I am.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how worried you are.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how you did that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know much about Australia.
I don't think Tom and Mary know much about Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary know much about alligators.
I don't think Tom and Mary know much about art.
I don't think Tom and Mary know much about classical music.
I don't think Tom and Mary know much about fishing.
I don't think Tom and Mary know much about sailing.
I don't think Tom and Mary know much about sports.
I don't think Tom and Mary know much about that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know my telephone number.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I don't like them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I hate them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I have three cats.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I think they're stupid.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I'm Canadian.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I'm here.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I'm hungry.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I'm not Canadian.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I've never done that before.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that John doesn't like them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that John thinks they're stupid.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that they aren't supposed to be doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that they aren't supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that they're adopted.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that they're not supposed to be doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that they're not supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that they're supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that what they did was wrong.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that won't happen anytime soon.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know the details.
I don't think Tom and Mary know the rules yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary know the truth yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary know there's still work to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they aren't supposed to be doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they aren't supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they aren't supposed to park there.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they have to do that today.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they shouldn't be doing that anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they shouldn't be doing that here.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they shouldn't be doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they shouldn't do that here.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they're going to be fired.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they're not supposed to be doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they're not supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they're not supposed to park there.
I don't think Tom and Mary know very much about Australia.
I don't think Tom and Mary know we still have a lot to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know we're here.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what I want to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what I want.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what I'm planning on doing.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what I'm planning to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what John expects them to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what John wants them to buy for him.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what John wants them to buy.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what John wants them to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what John would like them to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what happened.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what it's like to be in love.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what the homework assignment is.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they have to buy.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they have to do yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they have to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they need to buy.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they need to do yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they need to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they should do yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they want.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they'll do yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they're doing.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they're going to do yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they're going to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they're gotten themselves into.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they're talking about.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what time it is.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what to do about that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what to do either.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what you want.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what you're planning to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what you've done.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what'll happen.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what's been happening here.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what's going on.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what's going to happen.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what's in there.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what's in this box.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what's really going on.
I don't think Tom and Mary know when it happened.
I don't think Tom and Mary know where I live.
I don't think Tom and Mary know where the post office is.
I don't think Tom and Mary know where they are.
I don't think Tom and Mary know where they should be.
I don't think Tom and Mary know whether it's true or not.
I don't think Tom and Mary know whether they can do that or not.
I don't think Tom and Mary know whether to do that or not.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who baked this cake.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who can do that and who can't.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who did that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who has to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who needs to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who painted that picture.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who wants to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who's going to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who's going to help them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why I did that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why I'm scared.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why John is afraid of them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why John is ignoring them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why John is mad at them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why John is scared of them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why John wants them to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why John wants them to leave.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why John wasn't at their party.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why the meeting was postponed.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why you did that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why you didn't do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why you want me to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why you're here.
I don't think Tom and Mary know you as well as I do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know you were helping me.
I don't think Tom and Mary know you're here.
I don't think Tom and Mary like anybody.
I don't think Tom and Mary like baseball.
I don't think Tom and Mary like doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary like each other very much.
I don't think Tom and Mary like hanging out with us.
I don't think Tom and Mary like it.
I don't think Tom and Mary like living here.
I don't think Tom and Mary like me very much.
I don't think Tom and Mary like me.
I don't think Tom and Mary like spinach.
I don't think Tom and Mary like swimming.
I don't think Tom and Mary like to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary like to ski.
I don't think Tom and Mary like to swim.
I don't think Tom and Mary like watching baseball on TV.
I don't think Tom and Mary like you as much as you like them.
I don't think Tom and Mary like you very much.
I don't think Tom and Mary like you.
I don't think Tom and Mary liked the song you wrote about them.
I don't think Tom and Mary live around here.
I don't think Tom and Mary live here.
I don't think Tom and Mary live in Boston anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary need any help.
I don't think Tom and Mary need any more hats.
I don't think Tom and Mary need bodyguards.
I don't think Tom and Mary need much help at all.
I don't think Tom and Mary need new bicycles.
I don't think Tom and Mary need to do that either.
I don't think Tom and Mary need to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think Tom and Mary need to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary need to worry.
I don't think Tom and Mary need very much help.
I don't think Tom and Mary realize how difficult this job is.
I don't think Tom and Mary realize how long it'll take to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary really did that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary really enjoy doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary really have enough time to finish writing the report.
I don't think Tom and Mary really have time to help.
I don't think Tom and Mary really have to do that again.
I don't think Tom and Mary really have to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary really have to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary really know how to do that very well.
I don't think Tom and Mary really know how to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary really like doing that very much.
I don't think Tom and Mary really meant what they said.
I don't think Tom and Mary really need to do that again.
I don't think Tom and Mary really need to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary really need to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary really plan on doing that this week.
I don't think Tom and Mary really plan to do that this week.
I don't think Tom and Mary really plan to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary really want to do that again.
I don't think Tom and Mary really want to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary really want to do that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary really want to do that here.
I don't think Tom and Mary really want to do that today.
I don't think Tom and Mary really want to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary really want to know.
I don't think Tom and Mary recognized each other.
I don't think Tom and Mary ride their motorcycles anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary should get married.
I don't think Tom and Mary speak French.
I don't think Tom and Mary still do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary trust many people.
I don't think Tom and Mary understand that.
I don't think Tom and Mary understand what you're saying.
I don't think Tom and Mary understand what's going on.
I don't think Tom and Mary understand.
I don't think Tom and Mary want any help.
I don't think Tom and Mary want that to happen.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to be my friends anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to do that again.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to do that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to do that either.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to do that here.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to do that tomorrow.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to eat with us.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to go swimming with us.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to go.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to leave.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to see me.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to see you again.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to see you anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to see you.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to sing with us.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to spend any more time in Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary were being unfair.
I don't think Tom and Mary were expecting John to do that for them.
I don't think Tom and Mary were expecting you to do that for them.
I don't think Tom and Mary were fair.
I don't think Tom and Mary were happy.
I don't think Tom and Mary were hiding.
I don't think Tom and Mary were intimidated.
I don't think Tom and Mary were intoxicated.
I don't think Tom and Mary were involved in the scandal.
I don't think Tom and Mary were joking.
I don't think Tom and Mary were kidding about that.
I don't think Tom and Mary were kidding.
I don't think Tom and Mary were lying.
I don't think Tom and Mary were particularly pleased to see me.
I don't think Tom and Mary were ready to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary were so busy today.
I don't think Tom and Mary were surprised.
I don't think Tom and Mary were talking about me.
I don't think Tom and Mary were very happy.
I don't think Tom and Mary will be able to do that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary will be able to do what you're asking them to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary will be as careful as they should be.
I don't think Tom and Mary will be doing that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary will do that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary will do what we asked them to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary will ever get back together.
I don't think Tom and Mary will ever get married.
I don't think Tom and Mary will get married anytime soon.
I don't think Tom and Mary will get married.
I don't think Tom and Mary will get the jobs, because they don't have enough experience.
I don't think Tom and Mary will need to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary would be absent if they weren't sick.
I don't think Tom and Mary would be bored if you told them about your trip.
I don't think Tom and Mary would be doing that if they didn't have to.
I don't think Tom and Mary would be doing that if they didn't need to.
I don't think Tom and Mary would be doing that if they didn't want to.
I don't think Tom and Mary would be here if they didn't have to be.
I don't think Tom and Mary would be here if they didn't need to be.
I don't think Tom and Mary would be here if they didn't want to be.
I don't think Tom and Mary would do that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary would do what you said they did.
I don't think Tom and Mary would've swum by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary would've tried doing that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary would've tried to do that by themselves.
I don't think Tom ate all the bananas.
I don't think Tom ate anything at all.
I don't think Tom ate anything.
I don't think Tom believed me.
I don't think Tom believed us.
I don't think Tom bought anything at the mall today.
I don't think Tom bought anything today.
I don't think Tom bought anything.
I don't think Tom can actually do that.
I don't think Tom can afford to buy a car like that.
I don't think Tom can afford to buy a car yet.
I don't think Tom can afford to buy a car.
I don't think Tom can afford to buy any car.
I don't think Tom can afford to buy the car he wants.
I don't think Tom can be left alone.
I don't think Tom can convince Mary that she's wrong.
I don't think Tom can convince Mary to do that.
I don't think Tom can convince Mary to stay.
I don't think Tom can convince Mary to stop doing that.
I don't think Tom can dance.
I don't think Tom can deal with the situation by himself.
I don't think Tom can deal with the situation.
I don't think Tom can do that anymore.
I don't think Tom can do that by himself.
I don't think Tom can do that that soon.
I don't think Tom can do that today.
I don't think Tom can do that without Mary's help.
I don't think Tom can do that without my help.
I don't think Tom can do that without our help.
I don't think Tom can do that without some help.
I don't think Tom can do that.
I don't think Tom can do what you've asked him to do.
I don't think Tom can find the time to do that.
I don't think Tom can finish the job alone.
I don't think Tom can finish the job by himself.
I don't think Tom can handle it.
I don't think Tom can handle the truth.
I don't think Tom can hear Mary.
I don't think Tom can hear me.
I don't think Tom can hear us.
I don't think Tom can hear very well.
I don't think Tom can hear what we're saying.
I don't think Tom can help us do that.
I don't think Tom can help us now.
I don't think Tom can help us today.
I don't think Tom can help us with this.
I don't think Tom can help us.
I don't think Tom can help you do that today.
I don't think Tom can help you now.
I don't think Tom can help you with that.
I don't think Tom can help you.
I don't think Tom can pay that much.
I don't think Tom can play golf very well.
I don't think Tom can play the trumpet.
I don't think Tom can play the violin as well as Mary can.
I don't think Tom can play the violin as well as Mary.
I don't think Tom can qualify.
I don't think Tom can really do that.
I don't think Tom can sing that song.
I don't think Tom can speak French.
I don't think Tom can speak any French.
I don't think Tom can stop Mary from doing that.
I don't think Tom can stop me from doing that.
I don't think Tom can swim.
I don't think Tom can take care of himself.
I don't think Tom can teach French.
I don't think Tom can understand French.
I don't think Tom can wait any longer.
I don't think Tom can wait much longer.
I don't think Tom can wait.
I don't think Tom can walk without a cane.
I don't think Tom can win.
I don't think Tom cared about that.
I don't think Tom cared.
I don't think Tom cares about me.
I don't think Tom cares about that.
I don't think Tom cares very much.
I don't think Tom cares what happens.
I don't think Tom cares what we do.
I don't think Tom cares what you do.
I don't think Tom cares where he sleeps.
I don't think Tom cares who comes to his party.
I don't think Tom cares why you did that.
I don't think Tom cares.
I don't think Tom complained about that.
I don't think Tom complained.
I don't think Tom could actually do that.
I don't think Tom could do that by himself.
I don't think Tom could do that even if he tried.
I don't think Tom could do that without some help.
I don't think Tom could do that.
I don't think Tom could do this as well as you.
I don't think Tom could ever do that.
I don't think Tom could get Mary to do that.
I don't think Tom could handle the pressure.
I don't think Tom could handle the truth.
I don't think Tom could have done that any better.
I don't think Tom could have done that without Mary's help.
I don't think Tom could have done that without some help.
I don't think Tom could have done that.
I don't think Tom could hear Mary singing.
I don't think Tom could hear what you were saying.
I don't think Tom could see what was going on.
I don't think Tom could see what was happening.
I don't think Tom could understand French back then.
I don't think Tom could've done that any better.
I don't think Tom could've done that without Mary's help.
I don't think Tom could've done that without some help.
I don't think Tom could've done that.
I don't think Tom deserves the promotion.
I don't think Tom did anything about the problem.
I don't think Tom did anything with it.
I don't think Tom did anything wrong.
I don't think Tom did anything.
I don't think Tom did his homework by himself.
I don't think Tom did it.
I don't think Tom did that correctly.
I don't think Tom did that intentionally.
I don't think Tom did that on purpose.
I don't think Tom did that right.
I don't think Tom did that tonight.
I don't think Tom did that with any forethought.
I don't think Tom did that.
I don't think Tom did this.
I don't think Tom did what Mary said he did.
I don't think Tom did what he said he did.
I don't think Tom did what he was supposed to do.
I don't think Tom did what you said he did.
I don't think Tom did what you say he did.
I don't think Tom did what you think he did.
I don't think Tom did what you think that he did.
I don't think Tom does that anymore.
I don't think Tom does that as well as Mary does.
I don't think Tom does that as well as Mary.
I don't think Tom does that very often.
I don't think Tom does that.
I don't think Tom drank anything.
I don't think Tom drinks coffee.
I don't think Tom eats meat.
I don't think Tom eats pork.
I don't think Tom eats those.
I don't think Tom enjoyed doing that.
I don't think Tom enjoyed the concert.
I don't think Tom enjoyed the movie.
I don't think Tom enjoys being here.
I don't think Tom enjoys bowling.
I don't think Tom enjoys doing that.
I don't think Tom enjoys hanging out with us.
I don't think Tom enjoys hiking.
I don't think Tom enjoys swimming.
I don't think Tom even has an umbrella.
I don't think Tom even knows my name.
I don't think Tom even knows where he is.
I don't think Tom even noticed that.
I don't think Tom even saw me.
I don't think Tom ever considered doing that.
I don't think Tom ever did that.
I don't think Tom ever does that.
I don't think Tom ever gets anywhere on time.
I don't think Tom ever really loved me.
I don't think Tom ever said that.
I don't think Tom ever talked to Mary.
I don't think Tom ever used to do that.
I don't think Tom expected me to do that.
I don't think Tom expected me to win.
I don't think Tom expected that to happen.
I don't think Tom expected you to do that.
I don't think Tom feels the same way you do.
I don't think Tom feels the same way.
I don't think Tom got much sleep last night.
I don't think Tom got paid for doing that.
I don't think Tom had anything to do with the bank robbery.
I don't think Tom had anything to do with what happened.
I don't think Tom had to do that, but he did it anyway.
I don't think Tom had to do that.
I don't think Tom has a brother.
I don't think Tom has a car.
I don't think Tom has a criminal record.
I don't think Tom has a dog.
I don't think Tom has a driver's license.
I don't think Tom has a full-time job.
I don't think Tom has a girlfriend now.
I don't think Tom has a girlfriend.
I don't think Tom has a graduate degree.
I don't think Tom has a leg to stand on.
I don't think Tom has a lot of money.
I don't think Tom has a lot of teaching experience.
I don't think Tom has a microwave oven.
I don't think Tom has a steady girlfriend.
I don't think Tom has a whole lot of time.
I don't think Tom has actually done that.
I don't think Tom has an umbrella.
I don't think Tom has any bad habits.
I don't think Tom has any brothers or sisters.
I don't think Tom has any brothers.
I don't think Tom has any chance of winning.
I don't think Tom has any children.
I don't think Tom has any classes today.
I don't think Tom has any enemies.
I don't think Tom has any experience doing that.
I don't think Tom has any experience.
I don't think Tom has any friends here except Mary.
I don't think Tom has any friends here in Australia.
I don't think Tom has any friends here in Boston.
I don't think Tom has any friends his own age.
I don't think Tom has any friends living in Boston.
I don't think Tom has any friends to talk to.
I don't think Tom has any friends who do that.
I don't think Tom has any friends who like mountain climbing.
I don't think Tom has any friends who speak French.
I don't think Tom has any friends.
I don't think Tom has any idea what Mary has done.
I don't think Tom has any idea what Mary has to do tomorrow.
I don't think Tom has any idea what Mary has to do.
I don't think Tom has any idea what Mary is doing.
I don't think Tom has any idea what Mary will do.
I don't think Tom has any idea what happened.
I don't think Tom has any idea what has to be done.
I don't think Tom has any idea what he should be doing.
I don't think Tom has any idea what needs to be done.
I don't think Tom has any idea what should be done.
I don't think Tom has any idea where Mary is now.
I don't think Tom has any idea where Mary is.
I don't think Tom has any idea why that happened.
I don't think Tom has any intention of backing down.
I don't think Tom has any intention of doing that.
I don't think Tom has any interest in sports at all.
I don't think Tom has any money left.
I don't think Tom has any plans for Monday.
I don't think Tom has any plans for tomorrow.
I don't think Tom has any teaching experience.
I don't think Tom has any ulterior motives.
I don't think Tom has any understanding of what he's saying.
I don't think Tom has anybody to help him.
I don't think Tom has anyone to help him.
I don't think Tom has anything in his bag.
I don't think Tom has anything to worry about.
I don't think Tom has as many books as Mary does.
I don't think Tom has as many friends as I do.
I don't think Tom has as many friends as Mary does.
I don't think Tom has as many friends as Mary.
I don't think Tom has as many stamps as I do.
I don't think Tom has as much experience as I do.
I don't think Tom has as much free time as I do.
I don't think Tom has as much money as I do.
I don't think Tom has as much money as Mary does.
I don't think Tom has as much patience as I do.
I don't think Tom has as much patience as you.
I don't think Tom has as much time as Mary does.
I don't think Tom has been disloyal.
I don't think Tom has been doing what he's supposed to be doing.
I don't think Tom has broken any rules yet.
I don't think Tom has broken any rules.
I don't think Tom has died yet.
I don't think Tom has done anything he wasn't supposed to do.
I don't think Tom has done that as many times as I have.
I don't think Tom has done that as many times as Mary has.
I don't think Tom has done that as many times as Mary.
I don't think Tom has done that before.
I don't think Tom has done that yet.
I don't think Tom has enough experience.
I don't think Tom has enough money to buy a new car.
I don't think Tom has enough money to buy a ticket.
I don't think Tom has enough money to buy everything he needs.
I don't think Tom has enough money to buy that.
I don't think Tom has enough money to retire yet.
I don't think Tom has enough time to do that.
I don't think Tom has enough time to write the report today.
I don't think Tom has ever been a bartender.
I don't think Tom has ever been happy here.
I don't think Tom has ever been here before.
I don't think Tom has ever been in love.
I don't think Tom has ever been to Australia.
I don't think Tom has ever been to Boston.
I don't think Tom has ever done that before.
I don't think Tom has ever done that by himself.
I don't think Tom has ever done that.
I don't think Tom has ever even been to Australia.
I don't think Tom has ever had a girlfriend.
I don't think Tom has ever seen one of these before.
I don't think Tom has ever seen this before.
I don't think Tom has ever skinned a wolf.
I don't think Tom has ever studied French.
I don't think Tom has ever talked to Mary.
I don't think Tom has ever told a joke in his life.
I don't think Tom has ever understood a single book he's claimed to have read.
I don't think Tom has ever visited Australia.
I don't think Tom has ever visited Boston.
I don't think Tom has everything he needs.
I don't think Tom has everything he wants.
I don't think Tom has flood insurance.
I don't think Tom has gotten around to doing that yet.
I don't think Tom has health insurance.
I don't think Tom has his phone on him.
I don't think Tom has left yet.
I don't think Tom has many friends here.
I don't think Tom has many weekends off.
I don't think Tom has met Mary yet.
I don't think Tom has met either of Mary's sisters.
I don't think Tom has much experience doing that.
I don't think Tom has much experience in teaching.
I don't think Tom has much experience.
I don't think Tom has much free time.
I don't think Tom has much longer to live.
I don't think Tom has much money in the bank.
I don't think Tom has much money with him.
I don't think Tom has much of a chance.
I don't think Tom has much of an appetite.
I don't think Tom has much time for volunteer work.
I don't think Tom has much time to waste.
I don't think Tom has one of these yet.
I don't think Tom has overstepped his authority.
I don't think Tom has passed away yet.
I don't think Tom has seen us.
I don't think Tom has sold anything all day.
I don't think Tom has studied French for very long.
I don't think Tom has that kind of money.
I don't think Tom has the ability to do that.
I don't think Tom has the confidence to do that.
I don't think Tom has the courage to do that.
I don't think Tom has the foggiest idea what he is saying.
I don't think Tom has the money to buy a car.
I don't think Tom has the patience to do that.
I don't think Tom has the stamina to do that.
I don't think Tom has the strength to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom has the strength to do that nowadays.
I don't think Tom has the strength to do that.
I don't think Tom has the time to do that right now.
I don't think Tom has the willpower to do that.
I don't think Tom has those kinds of problems.
I don't think Tom has time for that.
I don't think Tom has time to buy everything he needs to buy.
I don't think Tom has time to do that today.
I don't think Tom has time to help you today.
I don't think Tom has time to read comics.
I don't think Tom has time to talk to you now.
I don't think Tom has time to talk to you today.
I don't think Tom has time to talk to you.
I don't think Tom has time today to do everything he needs to do.
I don't think Tom has time today to help you.
I don't think Tom has to apologize to Mary.
I don't think Tom has to be at today's meeting.
I don't think Tom has to be here tomorrow.
I don't think Tom has to come tomorrow.
I don't think Tom has to decide right away.
I don't think Tom has to decide that today.
I don't think Tom has to decide today.
I don't think Tom has to do that again.
I don't think Tom has to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom has to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom has to do that either.
I don't think Tom has to do that right now.
I don't think Tom has to do that today.
I don't think Tom has to do that until October.
I don't think Tom has to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think Tom has to do that.
I don't think Tom has to get up as early tomorrow.
I don't think Tom has to get up so early tomorrow.
I don't think Tom has to go anywhere today.
I don't think Tom has to go in there.
I don't think Tom has to go there by himself.
I don't think Tom has to go to school next Monday.
I don't think Tom has to go to school tomorrow.
I don't think Tom has to pay anything.
I don't think Tom has to say anything.
I don't think Tom has to tell Mary how to do that.
I don't think Tom has to work anymore.
I don't think Tom has to work on Mondays anymore.
I don't think Tom has to work on Mondays.
I don't think Tom has to work today.
I don't think Tom has to worry about Mary anymore.
I don't think Tom has to worry about that yet.
I don't think Tom has to worry about that.
I don't think Tom has told us the whole truth.
I don't think Tom has too many friends.
I don't think Tom has very long to live.
I don't think Tom has very many friends here.
I don't think Tom has very many friends in Australia.
I don't think Tom has very many friends in Boston.
I don't think Tom has very many friends.
I don't think Tom has very many options.
I don't think Tom has very much experience doing that.
I don't think Tom has very much time.
I don't think Tom has washed his car in a long time.
I don't think Tom has what he wants yet.
I don't think Tom has what it takes to be teacher.
I don't think Tom has what it takes to be the boss.
I don't think Tom hates you.
I don't think Tom heard Mary shouting his name.
I don't think Tom heard Mary.
I don't think Tom heard me calling his name.
I don't think Tom heard me.
I don't think Tom heard us.
I don't think Tom heard you knocking on the door.
I don't think Tom heard you.
I don't think Tom helped Mary do that.
I don't think Tom helped Mary.
I don't think Tom hurt Mary.
I don't think Tom intended to do that.
I don't think Tom intentionally did that.
I don't think Tom is Canadian.
I don't think Tom is Mary's boyfriend.
I don't think Tom is Mary's son.
I don't think Tom is a Canadian.
I don't think Tom is a Sri Lankan.
I don't think Tom is a bad boy.
I don't think Tom is a bad guy.
I don't think Tom is a bad person.
I don't think Tom is a billionaire.
I don't think Tom is a carpenter.
I don't think Tom is a cat.
I don't think Tom is a good actor.
I don't think Tom is a good lawyer.
I don't think Tom is a good leader.
I don't think Tom is a killer.
I don't think Tom is a lawyer.
I don't think Tom is a loser.
I don't think Tom is a native French speaker.
I don't think Tom is a plumber.
I don't think Tom is a safe driver.
I don't think Tom is a slob.
I don't think Tom is a very good chess player.
I don't think Tom is a very good lawyer.
I don't think Tom is a very good leader.
I don't think Tom is able to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom is able to do that.
I don't think Tom is absent today.
I don't think Tom is absent.
I don't think Tom is active anymore.
I don't think Tom is adopted.
I don't think Tom is adventurous.
I don't think Tom is afraid of you.
I don't think Tom is afraid.
I don't think Tom is aggressive.
I don't think Tom is alive.
I don't think Tom is all that busy today.
I don't think Tom is allergic to cats.
I don't think Tom is allergic to peanuts.
I don't think Tom is allowed to do that.
I don't think Tom is alone in the kitchen.
I don't think Tom is alone right now.
I don't think Tom is alone.
I don't think Tom is ambidextrous.
I don't think Tom is ambitious enough.
I don't think Tom is amused by what's going on.
I don't think Tom is an alien.
I don't think Tom is angry anymore.
I don't think Tom is angry.
I don't think Tom is annoyed.
I don't think Tom is annoying.
I don't think Tom is arrogant.
I don't think Tom is as busy today as he was yesterday.
I don't think Tom is as crazy as some people think he is.
I don't think Tom is as crazy as some people think.
I don't think Tom is as creative as Mary is.
I don't think Tom is as creative as Mary.
I don't think Tom is as fast as I am.
I don't think Tom is as fast as me.
I don't think Tom is as good-looking as John is.
I don't think Tom is as good-looking as John.
I don't think Tom is as handsome as John is.
I don't think Tom is as handsome as John.
I don't think Tom is as influential as Mary is.
I don't think Tom is as influential as Mary.
I don't think Tom is as lazy as people think he is.
I don't think Tom is as old as he looks.
I don't think Tom is as rich as Mary is.
I don't think Tom is as rich as Mary.
I don't think Tom is as rich as most people think he is.
I don't think Tom is as rich as you said he was.
I don't think Tom is as selfish as everybody thinks he is.
I don't think Tom is as selfish as everyone thinks he is.
I don't think Tom is as shy as Mary is.
I don't think Tom is as shy as Mary.
I don't think Tom is as smart as Mary is.
I don't think Tom is as smart as Mary.
I don't think Tom is as strange as Mary said he was.
I don't think Tom is as stubborn as Mary is.
I don't think Tom is as stubborn as Mary.
I don't think Tom is as stubborn as you think he is.
I don't think Tom is as stupid as he looks.
I don't think Tom is as stupid as he used to be.
I don't think Tom is as stupid as you say he is.
I don't think Tom is as wealthy as most people think he is.
I don't think Tom is asleep now.
I don't think Tom is asleep yet.
I don't think Tom is asleep.
I don't think Tom is at fault.
I don't think Tom is at home.
I don't think Tom is athletic.
I don't think Tom is autistic.
I don't think Tom is available.
I don't think Tom is awake yet.
I don't think Tom is awake.
I don't think Tom is aware of his own limitations.
I don't think Tom is back from Australia yet.
I don't think Tom is back from Boston yet.
I don't think Tom is back.
I don't think Tom is barefoot.
I don't think Tom is being honest.
I don't think Tom is being realistic.
I don't think Tom is being reasonable.
I don't think Tom is being sarcastic.
I don't think Tom is being sincere.
I don't think Tom is being truthful.
I don't think Tom is being very helpful.
I don't think Tom is being very reasonable.
I don't think Tom is being very truthful.
I don't think Tom is bilingual.
I don't think Tom is bipolar.
I don't think Tom is blind.
I don't think Tom is bluffing.
I don't think Tom is bored.
I don't think Tom is boring.
I don't think Tom is bossy.
I don't think Tom is brave.
I don't think Tom is breathing.
I don't think Tom is broke.
I don't think Tom is busy now.
I don't think Tom is busy right now.
I don't think Tom is busy today.
I don't think Tom is busy.
I don't think Tom is capable of doing that.
I don't think Tom is capable of that.
I don't think Tom is careful enough.
I don't think Tom is careless.
I don't think Tom is charismatic.
I don't think Tom is claustrophobic.
I don't think Tom is cold.
I don't think Tom is colorblind.
I don't think Tom is coming back here today.
I don't think Tom is coming back.
I don't think Tom is coming to our rescue.
I don't think Tom is coming.
I don't think Tom is committed to doing that.
I don't think Tom is committed.
I don't think Tom is competent.
I don't think Tom is competitive enough.
I don't think Tom is completely blameless for what happened. I think that he may even be the leader of the gang.
I don't think Tom is conceited.
I don't think Tom is concerned.
I don't think Tom is confident.
I don't think Tom is confused.
I don't think Tom is conscious.
I don't think Tom is conservative.
I don't think Tom is cool.
I don't think Tom is correct.
I don't think Tom is crazy.
I don't think Tom is crying.
I don't think Tom is cut out to be a lawyer.
I don't think Tom is cut out to be a teacher.
I don't think Tom is cute.
I don't think Tom is dangerous.
I don't think Tom is dead.
I don't think Tom is deaf.
I don't think Tom is dependable.
I don't think Tom is depressed.
I don't think Tom is deranged.
I don't think Tom is desperate to do that.
I don't think Tom is desperate.
I don't think Tom is determined to do that.
I don't think Tom is devious.
I don't think Tom is diabetic.
I don't think Tom is difficult to get along with.
I don't think Tom is disappointed.
I don't think Tom is discouraged.
I don't think Tom is disgusting.
I don't think Tom is dishonest.
I don't think Tom is disorganized.
I don't think Tom is divorced.
I don't think Tom is doing that right now.
I don't think Tom is doing that.
I don't think Tom is done.
I don't think Tom is downstairs.
I don't think Tom is dressed.
I don't think Tom is drunk.
I don't think Tom is embarrassed.
I don't think Tom is engaged.
I don't think Tom is ever going to get married.
I don't think Tom is ever going to pay you back.
I don't think Tom is fat.
I don't think Tom is feeling very well this afternoon.
I don't think Tom is finished doing that yet.
I don't think Tom is finished doing that.
I don't think Tom is finished writing that report yet.
I don't think Tom is finished.
I don't think Tom is fit for the job.
I don't think Tom is flexible enough to do that.
I don't think Tom is free this afternoon.
I don't think Tom is free.
I don't think Tom is friendly.
I don't think Tom is frightened.
I don't think Tom is from Boston.
I don't think Tom is funny.
I don't think Tom is glad that that's going to happen.
I don't think Tom is glad that's going to happen.
I don't think Tom is going anywhere.
I don't think Tom is going away.
I don't think Tom is going to Australia.
I don't think Tom is going to Boston next week.
I don't think Tom is going to Boston.
I don't think Tom is going to admit he's wrong.
I don't think Tom is going to admit that he's wrong.
I don't think Tom is going to be a problem anymore.
I don't think Tom is going to be able to beat the allegations.
I don't think Tom is going to be able to do that.
I don't think Tom is going to be here all day.
I don't think Tom is going to be here tomorrow.
I don't think Tom is going to be here until 2:30.
I don't think Tom is going to be here.
I don't think Tom is going to be there.
I don't think Tom is going to be too much help.
I don't think Tom is going to come to Australia with me.
I don't think Tom is going to do that again.
I don't think Tom is going to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom is going to do that tomorrow.
I don't think Tom is going to do that.
I don't think Tom is going to enjoy doing that.
I don't think Tom is going to get fired, at least not this week.
I don't think Tom is going to get fired.
I don't think Tom is going to give it back.
I don't think Tom is going to go to Australia with Mary next month.
I don't think Tom is going to go to Australia with Mary.
I don't think Tom is going to go to Boston with Mary next week.
I don't think Tom is going to go to Boston with Mary.
I don't think Tom is going to hear us.
I don't think Tom is going to help us do that.
I don't think Tom is going to help us.
I don't think Tom is going to let you do that with him.
I don't think Tom is going to let you do that.
I don't think Tom is going to let you eat his piece of cake.
I don't think Tom is going to let you leave early.
I don't think Tom is going to like doing that.
I don't think Tom is going to like that.
I don't think Tom is going to make it.
I don't think Tom is going to need our help anymore.
I don't think Tom is going to need our help.
I don't think Tom is going to resign.
I don't think Tom is going to sing.
I don't think Tom is going to study French next year.
I don't think Tom is going to want to do that.
I don't think Tom is going to want to go to Australia with you.
I don't think Tom is going to want to go to Boston with you.
I don't think Tom is going to win.
I don't think Tom is gone.
I don't think Tom is good enough for Mary.
I don't think Tom is good enough for you.
I don't think Tom is good-looking, but he's a nice guy.
I don't think Tom is greedy.
I don't think Tom is guilty.
I don't think Tom is handsome.
I don't think Tom is happy here.
I don't think Tom is happy right now.
I don't think Tom is happy.
I don't think Tom is having any fun.
I don't think Tom is having fun.
I don't think Tom is heartbroken.
I don't think Tom is helpless.
I don't think Tom is here today.
I don't think Tom is here.
I don't think Tom is hiding anything.
I don't think Tom is high.
I don't think Tom is home on Mondays.
I don't think Tom is home.
I don't think Tom is homeless.
I don't think Tom is homesick.
I don't think Tom is honest.
I don't think Tom is hungry.
I don't think Tom is hurt.
I don't think Tom is impressed.
I don't think Tom is in Australia now.
I don't think Tom is in Australia.
I don't think Tom is in Boston.
I don't think Tom is in his office on Mondays.
I don't think Tom is in love with me.
I don't think Tom is in love.
I don't think Tom is in the mood to work right now.
I don't think Tom is in.
I don't think Tom is incompetent.
I don't think Tom is innocent.
I don't think Tom is insane.
I don't think Tom is intelligent.
I don't think Tom is interested in doing that.
I don't think Tom is interested in going to Boston with us.
I don't think Tom is interested in opera.
I don't think Tom is interested in sports.
I don't think Tom is interested.
I don't think Tom is interesting.
I don't think Tom is intimidated.
I don't think Tom is intoxicated.
I don't think Tom is involved in that scandal.
I don't think Tom is involved.
I don't think Tom is irritated.
I don't think Tom is jealous.
I don't think Tom is lazy.
I don't think Tom is likely to tell the truth.
I don't think Tom is listening to me.
I don't think Tom is listening.
I don't think Tom is lonely.
I don't think Tom is lost.
I don't think Tom is lucky.
I don't think Tom is lying.
I don't think Tom is mad.
I don't think Tom is married anymore.
I don't think Tom is married.
I don't think Tom is mean.
I don't think Tom is miserable.
I don't think Tom is mistaken.
I don't think Tom is motivated to do that.
I don't think Tom is much shorter than you are.
I don't think Tom is much shorter than you.
I don't think Tom is nervous.
I don't think Tom is next.
I don't think Tom is nice.
I don't think Tom is normal.
I don't think Tom is nosey.
I don't think Tom is nosy.
I don't think Tom is nuts.
I don't think Tom is obligated to do that.
I don't think Tom is obstinate.
I don't think Tom is old enough to do that yet.
I don't think Tom is old enough to do that.
I don't think Tom is old enough to drink.
I don't think Tom is old enough to drive.
I don't think Tom is old.
I don't think Tom is older than he looks.
I don't think Tom is optimistic.
I don't think Tom is organized.
I don't think Tom is outside.
I don't think Tom is over thirty.
I don't think Tom is overweight.
I don't think Tom is particularly funny.
I don't think Tom is particularly handsome.
I don't think Tom is permitted to do that.
I don't think Tom is planning on doing that.
I don't think Tom is planning on helping us.
I don't think Tom is planning to do that.
I don't think Tom is planning to help us.
I don't think Tom is pleased.
I don't think Tom is prejudiced.
I don't think Tom is prepared to do that.
I don't think Tom is prepared.
I don't think Tom is pushy.
I don't think Tom is qualified to do that.
I don't think Tom is qualified.
I don't think Tom is ready to do that yet.
I don't think Tom is ready to do that.
I don't think Tom is ready yet.
I don't think Tom is ready.
I don't think Tom is really ready to do that.
I don't think Tom is really trying to win.
I don't think Tom is reliable.
I don't think Tom is reluctant to do that.
I don't think Tom is replaceable.
I don't think Tom is responsible for that.
I don't think Tom is retired yet.
I don't think Tom is retired.
I don't think Tom is rich enough to buy that house.
I don't think Tom is rich.
I don't think Tom is right for you.
I don't think Tom is right.
I don't think Tom is royalty.
I don't think Tom is sad.
I don't think Tom is safe.
I don't think Tom is satisfied.
I don't think Tom is saying what he really thinks.
I don't think Tom is scared.
I don't think Tom is schizophrenic.
I don't think Tom is selfish.
I don't think Tom is serious.
I don't think Tom is shy.
I don't think Tom is sick.
I don't think Tom is sincere.
I don't think Tom is single.
I don't think Tom is skinny.
I don't think Tom is sleepy.
I don't think Tom is slow.
I don't think Tom is small enough to crawl through that hole.
I don't think Tom is smart enough to get into Harvard.
I don't think Tom is smarter than you.
I don't think Tom is sneaky.
I don't think Tom is so strange.
I don't think Tom is sober enough to do that.
I don't think Tom is solely to blame.
I don't think Tom is sorry.
I don't think Tom is still alive.
I don't think Tom is still asleep.
I don't think Tom is still awake.
I don't think Tom is still married to Mary.
I don't think Tom is still single.
I don't think Tom is still upset.
I don't think Tom is still willing to do that.
I don't think Tom is stingy.
I don't think Tom is stoned.
I don't think Tom is strange.
I don't think Tom is strict.
I don't think Tom is strong enough to do that.
I don't think Tom is strong enough to lift that box by himself.
I don't think Tom is strong enough.
I don't think Tom is strong.
I don't think Tom is stubborn.
I don't think Tom is stupid enough to believe that.
I don't think Tom is stupid.
I don't think Tom is successful.
I don't think Tom is supposed to be here.
I don't think Tom is sure that that's what Mary has to do.
I don't think Tom is sure that that's what Mary needs to do.
I don't think Tom is sure that that's what Mary wants to do.
I don't think Tom is sure that that's what he has to do.
I don't think Tom is sure that that's what he needs to do.
I don't think Tom is sure that's what Mary has to do.
I don't think Tom is sure that's what Mary needs to do.
I don't think Tom is sure that's what Mary wants to do.
I don't think Tom is sure that's what he has to do.
I don't think Tom is sure that's what he needs to do.
I don't think Tom is sure.
I don't think Tom is suspicious.
I don't think Tom is sympathetic.
I don't think Tom is tall enough to reach the top shelf.
I don't think Tom is telling the truth.
I don't think Tom is tempted to do that.
I don't think Tom is that fat. Not that there would be anything wrong with it if he was.
I don't think Tom is that weird.
I don't think Tom is the killer.
I don't think Tom is the kind of guy who would do that kind of thing.
I don't think Tom is the kind of guy who'd do that.
I don't think Tom is the kind of person who would do that kind of thing.
I don't think Tom is the kind of person who would do that.
I don't think Tom is the kind of person who'd do that kind of thing.
I don't think Tom is the kind of person who'd do that.
I don't think Tom is the one who did that.
I don't think Tom is the one who needs help.
I don't think Tom is the one who needs to apologize.
I don't think Tom is the one who stole my umbrella.
I don't think Tom is the one who wrote this report.
I don't think Tom is the only one who doesn't have enough money to buy a ticket.
I don't think Tom is the only one who had to go to the hospital.
I don't think Tom is the person that you should be talking to.
I don't think Tom is the person you should be talking to.
I don't think Tom is the philosophical type.
I don't think Tom is the right person for the job.
I don't think Tom is the right person for this job.
I don't think Tom is the right person for this particular job.
I don't think Tom is the type of person who would do something like that.
I don't think Tom is the type of person who would do that.
I don't think Tom is thirsty.
I don't think Tom is thrilled.
I don't think Tom is through doing that yet.
I don't think Tom is through doing that.
I don't think Tom is through yet.
I don't think Tom is ticklish.
I don't think Tom is timid.
I don't think Tom is tired.
I don't think Tom is too old for me.
I don't think Tom is tough.
I don't think Tom is trustworthy.
I don't think Tom is trying hard enough.
I don't think Tom is ugly.
I don't think Tom is uncomfortable.
I don't think Tom is unconscious.
I don't think Tom is unemployed.
I don't think Tom is unfriendly.
I don't think Tom is unlucky.
I don't think Tom is unmarried.
I don't think Tom is up.
I don't think Tom is upset.
I don't think Tom is used to doing that yet.
I don't think Tom is vegan.
I don't think Tom is very assertive.
I don't think Tom is very bright.
I don't think Tom is very good at doing that.
I don't think Tom is very good at skiing.
I don't think Tom is very lucky.
I don't think Tom is very reliable.
I don't think Tom is very strong.
I don't think Tom is very talented.
I don't think Tom is weak.
I don't think Tom is weird.
I don't think Tom is well.
I don't think Tom is worried.
I don't think Tom is wrong.
I don't think Tom killed Mary.
I don't think Tom killed anybody.
I don't think Tom killed himself.
I don't think Tom kissed Mary.
I don't think Tom knew Mary either.
I don't think Tom knew exactly how much it would cost to do that.
I don't think Tom knew exactly how to do that.
I don't think Tom knew for certain that Mary would do that.
I don't think Tom knew for certain when Mary would do that.
I don't think Tom knew how I felt.
I don't think Tom knew if Mary wanted to do that or not.
I don't think Tom knew when Mary was going to do that.
I don't think Tom knew where Mary was going to do that.
I don't think Tom knew whether Mary wanted to do that or not.
I don't think Tom knew whether to do that or not.
I don't think Tom knows French at all.
I don't think Tom knows French.
I don't think Tom knows I don't like him.
I don't think Tom knows I don't often do that.
I don't think Tom knows I hardly ever do that.
I don't think Tom knows I hate him.
I don't think Tom knows I have three cats.
I don't think Tom knows I love Mary.
I don't think Tom knows I love him.
I don't think Tom knows I love you.
I don't think Tom knows I still have this.
I don't think Tom knows I think he's stupid.
I don't think Tom knows I used to be married to Mary.
I don't think Tom knows I used to be married.
I don't think Tom knows I'm Canadian.
I don't think Tom knows I'm Mary's boyfriend.
I don't think Tom knows I'm Mary's brother.
I don't think Tom knows I'm a vegetarian.
I don't think Tom knows I'm already married.
I don't think Tom knows I'm here.
I don't think Tom knows I'm hungry.
I don't think Tom knows I'm in the hospital.
I don't think Tom knows I'm married.
I don't think Tom knows I'm not Canadian.
I don't think Tom knows I'm not single anymore.
I don't think Tom knows I'm planning to do that.
I don't think Tom knows Mary as well as I do.
I don't think Tom knows Mary can do that.
I don't think Tom knows Mary can play the bassoon.
I don't think Tom knows Mary can speak French better than he can.
I don't think Tom knows Mary can speak French.
I don't think Tom knows Mary can understand French.
I don't think Tom knows Mary can't do that.
I don't think Tom knows Mary can't drive.
I don't think Tom knows Mary can't speak French.
I don't think Tom knows Mary can't understand French.
I don't think Tom knows Mary didn't do that.
I don't think Tom knows Mary doesn't like him.
I don't think Tom knows Mary has spent time in prison.
I don't think Tom knows Mary hasn't been very happy here.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is Canadian.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is a Canadian.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is a vegetarian.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is already married.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is here.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is in Australia.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is in Boston.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is in love with him.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is in the hospital.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is planning to do that.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is still in Australia.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is still in Boston.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is unhappy.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is upset.
I don't think Tom knows Mary isn't Canadian.
I don't think Tom knows Mary isn't happy.
I don't think Tom knows Mary isn't very happy here.
I don't think Tom knows Mary thinks he's stupid.
I don't think Tom knows Mary very well.
I don't think Tom knows Mary won't be able to do that.
I don't think Tom knows Mary's phone number.
I don't think Tom knows a lot about Australia.
I don't think Tom knows a lot about Boston.
I don't think Tom knows a lot about alligators.
I don't think Tom knows a lot about classical music.
I don't think Tom knows a lot about horses.
I don't think Tom knows about this yet.
I don't think Tom knows about those kinds of things.
I don't think Tom knows all the details yet.
I don't think Tom knows all the rules yet.
I don't think Tom knows all the rules.
I don't think Tom knows any details yet.
I don't think Tom knows any of Mary's Canadian friends.
I don't think Tom knows any of Mary's friends.
I don't think Tom knows any of the details yet.
I don't think Tom knows any other way to do that.
I don't think Tom knows anybody at our school.
I don't think Tom knows anybody here.
I don't think Tom knows anybody in Australia.
I don't think Tom knows anybody in Boston.
I don't think Tom knows anybody who can do that.
I don't think Tom knows anybody who does that.
I don't think Tom knows anybody who is able to do that.
I don't think Tom knows anybody who's able to do that.
I don't think Tom knows anyone at our school.
I don't think Tom knows anyone here.
I don't think Tom knows anyone in Australia.
I don't think Tom knows anyone in Boston.
I don't think Tom knows anyone who can do that.
I don't think Tom knows anyone who does that.
I don't think Tom knows anyone who's able to do that.
I don't think Tom knows anything about Australia.
I don't think Tom knows anything about Boston.
I don't think Tom knows anything about Mary's family.
I don't think Tom knows anything about carpentry.
I don't think Tom knows anything about farming.
I don't think Tom knows anything about fishing.
I don't think Tom knows anything about folk music.
I don't think Tom knows anything about the situation.
I don't think Tom knows anything about this.
I don't think Tom knows anything.
I don't think Tom knows as many people here as I do.
I don't think Tom knows as much about this as I do.
I don't think Tom knows as much about this as Mary does.
I don't think Tom knows either Mary or her sister.
I don't think Tom knows either of Mary's sisters.
I don't think Tom knows everybody's name yet.
I don't think Tom knows everybody's name.
I don't think Tom knows everyone's name yet.
I don't think Tom knows everyone's name.
I don't think Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost to do that.
I don't think Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost to get his car painted.
I don't think Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost to reroof his house.
I don't think Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost.
I don't think Tom knows exactly how that happened.
I don't think Tom knows exactly how to do that.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what has to be done.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what he did wrong.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what he has to do yet.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what he has to do.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what he needs to do.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what he ought to be doing.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what he ought to do.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what he should be doing.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what he should do.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what he'll be doing tomorrow.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what needs to be done.
I don't think Tom knows exactly when Mary will get home.
I don't think Tom knows exactly where Mary lives.
I don't think Tom knows for certain when Mary will be arriving.
I don't think Tom knows for certain when Mary will do that.
I don't think Tom knows for certain when Mary will get here.
I don't think Tom knows he has to do that today.
I don't think Tom knows he isn't likely to be fired.
I don't think Tom knows he isn't supposed to be doing that.
I don't think Tom knows he isn't supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom knows he isn't supposed to park there.
I don't think Tom knows he shouldn't be doing that anymore.
I don't think Tom knows he shouldn't be doing that here.
I don't think Tom knows he shouldn't be doing that.
I don't think Tom knows he shouldn't do that here.
I don't think Tom knows he'll never be able to do that.
I don't think Tom knows he's adopted.
I don't think Tom knows he's going to be arrested.
I don't think Tom knows he's going to be fired.
I don't think Tom knows he's going to be punished.
I don't think Tom knows he's not likely to be fired.
I don't think Tom knows he's not supposed to be doing that.
I don't think Tom knows he's not supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom knows he's not supposed to park there.
I don't think Tom knows his neighbors very well.
I don't think Tom knows his neighbors.
I don't think Tom knows how I feel.
I don't think Tom knows how Mary died.
I don't think Tom knows how Mary feels about him.
I don't think Tom knows how Mary feels about that.
I don't think Tom knows how Mary got injured.
I don't think Tom knows how Mary managed to do that.
I don't think Tom knows how bad it is.
I don't think Tom knows how badly Mary was hurt.
I don't think Tom knows how deep the pool is.
I don't think Tom knows how good a cook Mary is.
I don't think Tom knows how good a dancer Mary is.
I don't think Tom knows how good a guitarist Mary is.
I don't think Tom knows how good a lawyer Mary is.
I don't think Tom knows how he's going to do that yet.
I don't think Tom knows how it happened.
I don't think Tom knows how long he'll be in the hospital.
I don't think Tom knows how long he'll have to stay in Boston.
I don't think Tom knows how long it's going to take to do that.
I don't think Tom knows how long that's going to take.
I don't think Tom knows how long the meeting will last.
I don't think Tom knows how lucky he is.
I don't think Tom knows how many cats Mary has.
I don't think Tom knows how many eggs his mother wants him to buy.
I don't think Tom knows how many hours he's going to have to wait.
I don't think Tom knows how many hours it'll take him to drive to Boston.
I don't think Tom knows how many loaves of bread he is supposed to buy.
I don't think Tom knows how much Mary loves him.
I don't think Tom knows how much Mary weighs.
I don't think Tom knows how much coffee Mary drinks every day.
I don't think Tom knows how much he drank last night.
I don't think Tom knows how much it'll cost to get a visa.
I don't think Tom knows how much it'll cost to go to Boston.
I don't think Tom knows how much it'll cost to stay in Boston for a week.
I don't think Tom knows how much it'll cost.
I don't think Tom knows how much milk Mary drinks every day.
I don't think Tom knows how much money Mary makes.
I don't think Tom knows how much money he has in the bank.
I don't think Tom knows how much money was stolen from the safe.
I don't think Tom knows how much money was stolen.
I don't think Tom knows how much money was taken.
I don't think Tom knows how much that's going to cost.
I don't think Tom knows how much the ticket will cost.
I don't think Tom knows how much time he'll need to do that.
I don't think Tom knows how much time he'll need to get that done.
I don't think Tom knows how much time he'll need.
I don't think Tom knows how much time it'll take for him to do that.
I don't think Tom knows how much time it'll take for him to get a visa.
I don't think Tom knows how much time it'll take for him to paint his house.
I don't think Tom knows how much time it'll take him to do that.
I don't think Tom knows how much time it'll take to do that.
I don't think Tom knows how much time that's going to take.
I don't think Tom knows how rich Mary is.
I don't think Tom knows how sick Mary is.
I don't think Tom knows how strong you are.
I don't think Tom knows how to cook sweet and sour pork.
I don't think Tom knows how to cook very well.
I don't think Tom knows how to cook.
I don't think Tom knows how to dance.
I don't think Tom knows how to do that very well.
I don't think Tom knows how to do that.
I don't think Tom knows how to do the breast stroke.
I don't think Tom knows how to drive a car.
I don't think Tom knows how to drive.
I don't think Tom knows how to express his feelings.
I don't think Tom knows how to get a hold of me.
I don't think Tom knows how to get to my place.
I don't think Tom knows how to handle children.
I don't think Tom knows how to have a good time.
I don't think Tom knows how to have fun.
I don't think Tom knows how to play backgammon.
I don't think Tom knows how to play chess.
I don't think Tom knows how to play golf.
I don't think Tom knows how to play the cello.
I don't think Tom knows how to play the oboe.
I don't think Tom knows how to play the saxophone.
I don't think Tom knows how to play the trombone.
I don't think Tom knows how to play this game.
I don't think Tom knows how to read or write.
I don't think Tom knows how to relax and just enjoy life.
I don't think Tom knows how to ride a horse.
I don't think Tom knows how to ride a unicycle.
I don't think Tom knows how to run the business.
I don't think Tom knows how to safely use a chainsaw.
I don't think Tom knows how to speak French well.
I don't think Tom knows how to speak French.
I don't think Tom knows how to tie a tie.
I don't think Tom knows how to tie his shoelaces.
I don't think Tom knows how to tie his shoes yet.
I don't think Tom knows how to tie his shoes.
I don't think Tom knows how to use a slide rule.
I don't think Tom knows how to use an iron.
I don't think Tom knows how to use that.
I don't think Tom knows how worried I am about that.
I don't think Tom knows how worried I am.
I don't think Tom knows how worried Mary is.
I don't think Tom knows how worried you are about that.
I don't think Tom knows how worried you are.
I don't think Tom knows how you did that.
I don't think Tom knows if Mary can drive or not.
I don't think Tom knows if Mary is busy or not.
I don't think Tom knows if Mary is coming or not.
I don't think Tom knows if Mary is happy or not.
I don't think Tom knows if Mary is hungry or not.
I don't think Tom knows if Mary is sleepy or not.
I don't think Tom knows if Mary likes apple pie or not.
I don't think Tom knows if Mary likes him or not.
I don't think Tom knows if Mary wants to do that or not.
I don't think Tom knows if Mary will come or not.
I don't think Tom knows if Mary will come tomorrow.
I don't think Tom knows much about Australia.
I don't think Tom knows much about Boston.
I don't think Tom knows much about Mary.
I don't think Tom knows much about alligators.
I don't think Tom knows much about art.
I don't think Tom knows much about basketball.
I don't think Tom knows much about classical music.
I don't think Tom knows much about fishing.
I don't think Tom knows much about guns.
I don't think Tom knows much about his neighbors.
I don't think Tom knows much about me.
I don't think Tom knows much about sailing.
I don't think Tom knows much about sports.
I don't think Tom knows much about that.
I don't think Tom knows my telephone number.
I don't think Tom knows that I don't like him.
I don't think Tom knows that I don't often do that.
I don't think Tom knows that I hardly ever do that.
I don't think Tom knows that I hate him.
I don't think Tom knows that I have three cats.
I don't think Tom knows that I know.
I don't think Tom knows that I love Mary.
I don't think Tom knows that I love him.
I don't think Tom knows that I love you.
I don't think Tom knows that I still have this.
I don't think Tom knows that I think he's stupid.
I don't think Tom knows that I used to be married to Mary.
I don't think Tom knows that I used to be married.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm Canadian.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm Mary's boyfriend.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm Mary's brother.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm a vegetarian.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm already married.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm here.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm hungry.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm in the hospital.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm married.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm not Canadian.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm not single anymore.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm planning to do that.
I don't think Tom knows that I've never done that before.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary did that.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary didn't do that.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary doesn't like him.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary has to do that.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary is Canadian.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary is a Canadian.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary is a vegetarian.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary is already married.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary is in love with him.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary is in the hospital.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary is planning to do that.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary is unhappy.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary is upset.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary isn't Canadian.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary isn't happy.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary knows how to do that.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary needs to do that.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary should do that.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary shouldn't be doing that.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary shouldn't do that.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary thinks he's stupid.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary wants to do that.
I don't think Tom knows that he has to do that today.
I don't think Tom knows that he isn't supposed to be doing that.
I don't think Tom knows that he isn't supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom knows that he shouldn't be doing that anymore.
I don't think Tom knows that he shouldn't be doing that here.
I don't think Tom knows that he shouldn't be doing that.
I don't think Tom knows that he shouldn't do that here.
I don't think Tom knows that he'll never be able to do that.
I don't think Tom knows that he's adopted.
I don't think Tom knows that he's going to be arrested.
I don't think Tom knows that he's going to be fired.
I don't think Tom knows that he's not supposed to be doing that.
I don't think Tom knows that he's not supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom knows that he's not supposed to park there.
I don't think Tom knows that he's supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom knows that that won't happen anytime soon.
I don't think Tom knows that there's still work to do.
I don't think Tom knows that we still have a lot to do.
I don't think Tom knows that we're here.
I don't think Tom knows that what he did was wrong.
I don't think Tom knows that won't happen anytime soon.
I don't think Tom knows that won't happen today.
I don't think Tom knows that you have a boyfriend.
I don't think Tom knows that you were helping me.
I don't think Tom knows that you're here.
I don't think Tom knows that.
I don't think Tom knows the answer yet.
I don't think Tom knows the details.
I don't think Tom knows the man who's talking to Mary.
I don't think Tom knows the reason Mary is absent today.
I don't think Tom knows the reason why Mary is absent.
I don't think Tom knows the rules yet.
I don't think Tom knows the truth yet.
I don't think Tom knows the whole story.
I don't think Tom knows the whole truth yet.
I don't think Tom knows the whole truth.
I don't think Tom knows there's still work to do.
I don't think Tom knows there's work to do.
I don't think Tom knows very much about Australia.
I don't think Tom knows very much about Boston.
I don't think Tom knows very much about Mary.
I don't think Tom knows very much about baseball.
I don't think Tom knows we still have a lot to do.
I don't think Tom knows we're here.
I don't think Tom knows what I bought yesterday.
I don't think Tom knows what I did last night.
I don't think Tom knows what I do for a living.
I don't think Tom knows what I said to Mary.
I don't think Tom knows what I told Mary.
I don't think Tom knows what I want him to do for me tomorrow.
I don't think Tom knows what I want him to do for me.
I don't think Tom knows what I want him to do.
I don't think Tom knows what I want to buy.
I don't think Tom knows what I want to do.
I don't think Tom knows what I want.
I don't think Tom knows what I'm making for dinner.
I don't think Tom knows what I'm planning on doing.
I don't think Tom knows what I'm planning to do.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary and John are fighting about.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary bought yesterday.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary did last night.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary did last weekend.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary did.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary does for a living.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary expects from him.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary expects him to do for her.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary expects him to do.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary has done.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary has to do in Boston.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary has to do on Monday.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary has to do on October 20th.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary has to do tomorrow morning.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary has to do.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is doing now.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is doing right now.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is doing today.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is doing.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is going to do this afternoon.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is going to do tomorrow.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is going to do.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is looking for.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is making for dinner.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is planning on doing.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is planning to do.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is really like.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is supposed to be doing now.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is supposed to be doing.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is supposed to do tomorrow.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is supposed to do.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is trying to do.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary needs to do the day after tomorrow.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary needs to do.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary said to John.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary thinks he should do about that.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary thinks he should do.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary told John.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary wants him to buy for her.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary wants him to buy.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary wants him to do.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary wants him to say.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary wants to buy with the money her father gave her.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary wants to buy.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary wants to do tomorrow afternoon.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary wants to do.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary wants to eat.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary wants.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary will do this evening.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary will do.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary would like him to do.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary's blood type is.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary's favorite flower is.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary's opinion is.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary's shoe size is.
I don't think Tom knows what happened to Mary.
I don't think Tom knows what happened.
I don't think Tom knows what he did was wrong.
I don't think Tom knows what he did wrong.
I don't think Tom knows what he has to buy.
I don't think Tom knows what he has to do yet.
I don't think Tom knows what he has to do.
I don't think Tom knows what he needs to buy.
I don't think Tom knows what he needs to do yet.
I don't think Tom knows what he needs to do.
I don't think Tom knows what he ought to do.
I don't think Tom knows what he should be doing.
I don't think Tom knows what he should do yet.
I don't think Tom knows what he should do.
I don't think Tom knows what he wants.
I don't think Tom knows what he'll do yet.
I don't think Tom knows what he's doing.
I don't think Tom knows what he's going to do yet.
I don't think Tom knows what he's going to do.
I don't think Tom knows what he's gotten himself into.
I don't think Tom knows what he's supposed to be doing now.
I don't think Tom knows what he's supposed to be doing today.
I don't think Tom knows what he's supposed to be doing.
I don't think Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I don't think Tom knows what he's talking about.
I don't think Tom knows what it feels like.
I don't think Tom knows what it's like to be in love.
I don't think Tom knows what it's like to be poor.
I don't think Tom knows what kind of car Mary drives.
I don't think Tom knows what kind of music Mary likes.
I don't think Tom knows what kind of person Mary is.
I don't think Tom knows what kind of shoes he should buy.
I don't think Tom knows what movie you want to watch.
I don't think Tom knows what my blood type is.
I don't think Tom knows what my opinion is.
I don't think Tom knows what needs to be done.
I don't think Tom knows what that means.
I don't think Tom knows what the homework assignment is.
I don't think Tom knows what time I got home last night.
I don't think Tom knows what time I want him to meet me.
I don't think Tom knows what time I woke up this morning.
I don't think Tom knows what time I'm going to arrive at the station.
I don't think Tom knows what time I'm planning to leave.
I don't think Tom knows what time Mary got home last night.
I don't think Tom knows what time Mary is going to arrive at the station.
I don't think Tom knows what time Mary is planning to leave.
I don't think Tom knows what time Mary wants him to meet her.
I don't think Tom knows what time Mary woke up this morning.
I don't think Tom knows what time Mary's train will be arriving.
I don't think Tom knows what time it is.
I don't think Tom knows what time the meeting will start.
I don't think Tom knows what time the party is going to start.
I don't think Tom knows what to buy.
I don't think Tom knows what to do about that.
I don't think Tom knows what to do either.
I don't think Tom knows what to do.
I don't think Tom knows what to say.
I don't think Tom knows what went wrong.
I don't think Tom knows what you want to do.
I don't think Tom knows what you want to eat.
I don't think Tom knows what you want.
I don't think Tom knows what you're looking for.
I don't think Tom knows what you're planning on do.
I don't think Tom knows what you're planning to do.
I don't think Tom knows what you've done.
I don't think Tom knows what'll happen.
I don't think Tom knows what's been happening here.
I don't think Tom knows what's bothering Mary.
I don't think Tom knows what's going on.
I don't think Tom knows what's going to happen.
I don't think Tom knows what's happening.
I don't think Tom knows what's in there.
I don't think Tom knows what's in this box.
I don't think Tom knows what's really going on.
I don't think Tom knows what's wrong with Mary.
I don't think Tom knows when I did that.
I don't think Tom knows when I want to do that.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary came to Australia.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary came to Boston.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary did that.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary got back from Australia.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary got back from Boston.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary wants to do that.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary was in Boston.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary will be back.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary will be here.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary will be there.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary will leave Australia.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary will leave Boston.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary will leave for Australia.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary will leave for Boston.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary will visit Australia.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary will visit Boston.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary's birthday is.
I don't think Tom knows when it happened.
I don't think Tom knows where I live.
I don't think Tom knows where I used to live.
I don't think Tom knows where I want to go.
I don't think Tom knows where I wanted to go.
I don't think Tom knows where I was born.
I don't think Tom knows where I went to college.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary bought her bicycle.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary bought her computer.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary bought the dress she's wearing.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary bought the dress that she's wearing.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary goes to school.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary graduated from.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary has gone.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary is going to school.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary is going.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary is now.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary is right now.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary is.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary learned French.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary learned how to drive.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary lives.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary parked her car.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary parked the car.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary put her suitcases.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary studied French.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary studies French.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary used to live.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary usually goes shopping.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary usually goes skiing.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary usually goes swimming.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary wanted to go.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary wants to eat.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary wants to go fishing.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary wants to go next weekend.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary wants to go skiing.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary wants to go swimming.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary wants to go.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary wants to live.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary was born.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary went on Monday.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary went on October 20th.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary went to college.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary went to school.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary went.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary worked when she was in Boston.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary works.
I don't think Tom knows where he is.
I don't think Tom knows where he should be doing that.
I don't think Tom knows where he should be.
I don't think Tom knows where his keys are.
I don't think Tom knows where his umbrella is.
I don't think Tom knows where the post office is.
I don't think Tom knows where to wait for Mary.
I don't think Tom knows where you did that.
I don't think Tom knows whether Mary can do that or not.
I don't think Tom knows whether Mary can drive or not.
I don't think Tom knows whether Mary can swim or not.
I don't think Tom knows whether Mary is busy or not.
I don't think Tom knows whether Mary is happy or not.
I don't think Tom knows whether Mary is hungry or not.
I don't think Tom knows whether Mary is sleepy or not.
I don't think Tom knows whether Mary is thirsty or not.
I don't think Tom knows whether Mary is tired or not.
I don't think Tom knows whether Mary likes dogs or not.
I don't think Tom knows whether Mary likes him or not.
I don't think Tom knows whether Mary will come or not.
I don't think Tom knows whether he can do that or not.
I don't think Tom knows whether it's true or not.
I don't think Tom knows whether to do that or not.
I don't think Tom knows which way to go.
I don't think Tom knows who Mary is.
I don't think Tom knows who Mary went to the concert with.
I don't think Tom knows who Mary's boyfriend is.
I don't think Tom knows who Mary's father is.
I don't think Tom knows who baked this cake.
I don't think Tom knows who broke the window.
I don't think Tom knows who built his house.
I don't think Tom knows who can do that and who can't.
I don't think Tom knows who did that for him.
I don't think Tom knows who did that to Mary.
I don't think Tom knows who did that.
I don't think Tom knows who gave Mary that necklace.
I don't think Tom knows who gave me this umbrella.
I don't think Tom knows who gave that necklace to Mary.
I don't think Tom knows who gave this umbrella to me.
I don't think Tom knows who has to do that.
I don't think Tom knows who he can trust anymore.
I don't think Tom knows who he can trust.
I don't think Tom knows who he should ask to help him.
I don't think Tom knows who needs to do that.
I don't think Tom knows who owns his apartment building.
I don't think Tom knows who painted that picture.
I don't think Tom knows who stole his bicycle.
I don't think Tom knows who taught Mary French.
I don't think Tom knows who to give that to.
I don't think Tom knows who wants to do that.
I don't think Tom knows who's going to do that for him.
I don't think Tom knows who's going to do that with Mary.
I don't think Tom knows who's going to do that with him.
I don't think Tom knows who's going to do that.
I don't think Tom knows who's going to help Mary do that.
I don't think Tom knows who's going to help Mary.
I don't think Tom knows who's going to help him do that.
I don't think Tom knows who's going to help him.
I don't think Tom knows why I did that by myself.
I don't think Tom knows why I did that.
I don't think Tom knows why I didn't do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I didn't want to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I don't like Mary.
I don't think Tom knows why I don't like him.
I don't think Tom knows why I don't like living in Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why I don't like to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I don't like to swim.
I don't think Tom knows why I don't want to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I had to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I have to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I left Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why I like living in Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why I need to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I want to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I wanted to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I went to Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why I'm a vegetarian.
I don't think Tom knows why I'm planning on doing that next weekend.
I don't think Tom knows why I'm planning to do that next weekend.
I don't think Tom knows why I'm planning to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I'm scared to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I'm scared.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary and John are arguing.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary and John are fighting.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary called the police.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary did that on Monday.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary did that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary didn't do that yesterday.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary didn't do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary didn't want to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary does that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary doesn't eat meat.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary doesn't like John.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary doesn't like dogs.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary doesn't like him.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary doesn't like living in Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary doesn't like to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary doesn't like to swim.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary doesn't want to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary dropped out of college.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary dropped out of school.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary had to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary has been ignoring him.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary has to do that by herself.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary has to do that tomorrow.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary has to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is a vegetarian.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is afraid of him.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is afraid of his dog.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is afraid to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is afraid.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is crying.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is doing that by herself.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is doing that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is here today.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is here.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is ignoring him.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is in the hospital.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is mad at him.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is planning on doing that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is planning to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is scared of him.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is scared of his dog.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is scared.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary isn't happy.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary isn't here today.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary isn't here.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary kept doing that even though he'd asked her not to.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary kept doing that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary left Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary likes living in Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary needs to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary quit her job.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary wanted to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary wants him to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary wants him to leave.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary wants to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary was arrested.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary was crying.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary was fired.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary wasn't at his party.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary went to Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary went to the hospital.
I don't think Tom knows why he should do that.
I don't think Tom knows why he's here.
I don't think Tom knows why it happened.
I don't think Tom knows why the meeting was postponed.
I don't think Tom knows why we couldn't do that for him.
I don't think Tom knows why you did that alone.
I don't think Tom knows why you did that by yourself.
I don't think Tom knows why you did that.
I don't think Tom knows why you didn't do that.
I don't think Tom knows why you want me to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why you're here.
I don't think Tom knows you as well as I do.
I don't think Tom knows you have a boyfriend.
I don't think Tom knows you were helping me.
I don't think Tom knows you're here.
I don't think Tom left early.
I don't think Tom lied about that.
I don't think Tom lied to us, but I know Mary thinks he did.
I don't think Tom lied to us.
I don't think Tom lied.
I don't think Tom liked the concert.
I don't think Tom liked the movie.
I don't think Tom liked the party.
I don't think Tom liked the picnic.
I don't think Tom liked the song that you wrote about him.
I don't think Tom liked the song you wrote about him.
I don't think Tom liked your song very much.
I don't think Tom likes Boston as much as you do.
I don't think Tom likes Mary very much.
I don't think Tom likes Mary.
I don't think Tom likes anybody.
I don't think Tom likes anyone.
I don't think Tom likes baseball as much as I do.
I don't think Tom likes baseball.
I don't think Tom likes blue.
I don't think Tom likes chocolate ice cream.
I don't think Tom likes doing that alone.
I don't think Tom likes doing that by himself.
I don't think Tom likes doing that.
I don't think Tom likes doing this as much as we do.
I don't think Tom likes hanging out with us.
I don't think Tom likes it.
I don't think Tom likes living here as much as I do.
I don't think Tom likes living here.
I don't think Tom likes living in Boston as much as Mary does.
I don't think Tom likes me very much.
I don't think Tom likes me.
I don't think Tom likes spinach very much.
I don't think Tom likes spinach.
I don't think Tom likes swimming.
I don't think Tom likes talking about himself.
I don't think Tom likes to do that.
I don't think Tom likes to ski.
I don't think Tom likes to swim.
I don't think Tom likes watching baseball on TV.
I don't think Tom likes you as much as you like him.
I don't think Tom likes you the way you like him.
I don't think Tom likes you very much.
I don't think Tom likes you.
I don't think Tom lives around here.
I don't think Tom lives here.
I don't think Tom lives in Australia anymore.
I don't think Tom lives in Boston anymore.
I don't think Tom locked the door.
I don't think Tom looks like his brother.
I don't think Tom loves Mary as much as she loves him.
I don't think Tom loves me anymore.
I don't think Tom loves me as much as I love him.
I don't think Tom made a good decision.
I don't think Tom made a mistake.
I don't think Tom made a wise decision.
I don't think Tom made it up.
I don't think Tom made that story up.
I don't think Tom made the right decision.
I don't think Tom meant it.
I don't think Tom meant to do that.
I don't think Tom meant what he said to Mary.
I don't think Tom meant what he said.
I don't think Tom messed up.
I don't think Tom misses Mary much.
I don't think Tom misses Mary very much.
I don't think Tom needed to be here this morning.
I don't think Tom needed to be here.
I don't think Tom needed to do that alone.
I don't think Tom needed to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom needed to do that either.
I don't think Tom needed to do that outside.
I don't think Tom needed to do that yesterday morning.
I don't think Tom needed to do that.
I don't think Tom needed to hear that.
I don't think Tom needed to talk so loud.
I don't think Tom needs a bodyguard.
I don't think Tom needs a new bicycle.
I don't think Tom needs any help.
I don't think Tom needs any more hats.
I don't think Tom needs any more help.
I don't think Tom needs any more publicity.
I don't think Tom needs much help at all.
I don't think Tom needs our help.
I don't think Tom needs to ask for permission.
I don't think Tom needs to be here.
I don't think Tom needs to do that again.
I don't think Tom needs to do that alone.
I don't think Tom needs to do that any more.
I don't think Tom needs to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom needs to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom needs to do that either.
I don't think Tom needs to do that for Mary.
I don't think Tom needs to do that today.
I don't think Tom needs to do that tomorrow.
I don't think Tom needs to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think Tom needs to do that.
I don't think Tom needs to show Mary how to do that.
I don't think Tom needs to tell Mary how to do that.
I don't think Tom needs to worry about Mary.
I don't think Tom needs to worry about me.
I don't think Tom needs to worry about money.
I don't think Tom needs to worry about that.
I don't think Tom needs to worry.
I don't think Tom needs very much help.
I don't think Tom noticed Mary was crying.
I don't think Tom noticed that.
I don't think Tom noticed we were there.
I don't think Tom ought to do that again.
I don't think Tom ought to do that alone.
I don't think Tom ought to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom ought to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom ought to do that either.
I don't think Tom ought to do that here.
I don't think Tom ought to do that in the dark.
I don't think Tom ought to do that inside.
I don't think Tom ought to do that.
I don't think Tom ought to have done that.
I don't think Tom overdosed.
I don't think Tom plays the guitar as well as Mary.
I don't think Tom plays the oboe as well as Mary does.
I don't think Tom plays the oboe as well as Mary.
I don't think Tom realized how long it would take to do that.
I don't think Tom realized just how much Mary loved him.
I don't think Tom realizes how difficult this job is.
I don't think Tom realizes how long it'll take to do that.
I don't think Tom realizes how long we've spent doing that already.
I don't think Tom realizes how rude he's being.
I don't think Tom realizes how well Mary can speak French.
I don't think Tom realizes how young Mary is.
I don't think Tom realizes just how much Mary loved him.
I don't think Tom really did that all by himself.
I don't think Tom really did that by himself.
I don't think Tom really did that.
I don't think Tom really enjoyed doing that by himself.
I don't think Tom really enjoyed doing that.
I don't think Tom really enjoys doing that by himself.
I don't think Tom really enjoys doing that.
I don't think Tom really enjoys playing tennis with Mary.
I don't think Tom really had time to do that.
I don't think Tom really had to do that again.
I don't think Tom really had to do that this morning.
I don't think Tom really had to do that yesterday morning.
I don't think Tom really had to do that yesterday.
I don't think Tom really had to do that.
I don't think Tom really has enough time to finish writing the report.
I don't think Tom really has time to do that today.
I don't think Tom really has time to help you this morning.
I don't think Tom really has time to help.
I don't think Tom really has to do that again.
I don't think Tom really has to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom really has to do that right now.
I don't think Tom really has to do that this afternoon.
I don't think Tom really has to do that.
I don't think Tom really intended to do that or not.
I don't think Tom really knew how to do that.
I don't think Tom really knows how to do that very well.
I don't think Tom really knows how to do that.
I don't think Tom really liked that.
I don't think Tom really likes doing that very much.
I don't think Tom really meant for that to happen.
I don't think Tom really meant that.
I don't think Tom really meant to do that this morning.
I don't think Tom really meant to do that.
I don't think Tom really meant what he said about Mary.
I don't think Tom really meant what he said to Mary.
I don't think Tom really meant what he said.
I don't think Tom really needed to do that again.
I don't think Tom really needed to do that alone.
I don't think Tom really needed to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom really needed to do that yesterday morning.
I don't think Tom really needed to do that yesterday.
I don't think Tom really needed to do that.
I don't think Tom really needs to do that again.
I don't think Tom really needs to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom really needs to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom really needs to do that today.
I don't think Tom really needs to do that.
I don't think Tom really overdosed.
I don't think Tom really planned on doing that.
I don't think Tom really planned to do that.
I don't think Tom really plans on doing that this week.
I don't think Tom really plans to do that this week.
I don't think Tom really plans to do that.
I don't think Tom really said that.
I don't think Tom really wanted to do that.
I don't think Tom really wants to do that again.
I don't think Tom really wants to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom really wants to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom really wants to do that here.
I don't think Tom really wants to do that today.
I don't think Tom really wants to do that.
I don't think Tom really wants to know what we did.
I don't think Tom really wants to know.
I don't think Tom really would enjoy doing that.
I don't think Tom recognized me.
I don't think Tom remembered me.
I don't think Tom remembers me.
I don't think Tom remembers what happened.
I don't think Tom rides his motorcycle anymore.
I don't think Tom said anything about that.
I don't think Tom said anything.
I don't think Tom said that.
I don't think Tom saw Mary?
I don't think Tom saw me.
I don't think Tom saw us doing that.
I don't think Tom saw us.
I don't think Tom saw what we were doing.
I don't think Tom sees it that way.
I don't think Tom shot Mary.
I don't think Tom should ask Mary to do that.
I don't think Tom should be doing that.
I don't think Tom should be held responsible for something Mary did.
I don't think Tom should be here today.
I don't think Tom should be here.
I don't think Tom should be the captain of our team.
I don't think Tom should do that again.
I don't think Tom should do that alone.
I don't think Tom should do that anymore.
I don't think Tom should do that by himself.
I don't think Tom should do that either.
I don't think Tom should do that outside.
I don't think Tom should do that.
I don't think Tom should drive home since he's been drinking.
I don't think Tom should eat so much junk food.
I don't think Tom should go back to Australia.
I don't think Tom should go back to Boston.
I don't think Tom should go by himself.
I don't think Tom should go out by himself after dark.
I don't think Tom should go outside today.
I don't think Tom should go there by car.
I don't think Tom should have done that.
I don't think Tom should have left early.
I don't think Tom should have let Mary do that.
I don't think Tom should sing.
I don't think Tom should worry so much.
I don't think Tom should've done that alone.
I don't think Tom should've done that by himself.
I don't think Tom should've done that.
I don't think Tom should've left as early as he did.
I don't think Tom should've left early.
I don't think Tom should've let Mary do that by herself.
I don't think Tom should've let Mary do that yesterday.
I don't think Tom should've let Mary do that.
I don't think Tom should've said that.
I don't think Tom snores.
I don't think Tom sold anything.
I don't think Tom speaks French as well as I do.
I don't think Tom speaks French as well as Mary does.
I don't think Tom speaks French as well as Mary.
I don't think Tom speaks French.
I don't think Tom still does that.
I don't think Tom still lives in Boston.
I don't think Tom studied very much for the last test.
I don't think Tom suffered.
I don't think Tom thinks that I think that.
I don't think Tom told Mary anything.
I don't think Tom told Mary the truth about what happened.
I don't think Tom told Mary the truth.
I don't think Tom told the truth.
I don't think Tom told us the truth.
I don't think Tom took us seriously.
I don't think Tom tried hard enough.
I don't think Tom trusts Mary.
I don't think Tom trusts many people.
I don't think Tom trusts very many people.
I don't think Tom understands French.
I don't think Tom understands me.
I don't think Tom understands that.
I don't think Tom understands what you're saying.
I don't think Tom understands what's going on.
I don't think Tom understands.
I don't think Tom understood anything we said.
I don't think Tom understood me.
I don't think Tom understood that.
I don't think Tom understood the instructions.
I don't think Tom understood the question.
I don't think Tom understood what I was saying.
I don't think Tom understood what happened.
I don't think Tom understood what he needed to do.
I don't think Tom understood what was going on.
I don't think Tom understood what was happening.
I don't think Tom understood what we wanted him to do.
I don't think Tom understood.
I don't think Tom usually does that.
I don't think Tom wanted Mary to do that by herself.
I don't think Tom wanted Mary to do that.
I don't think Tom wanted to do that alone.
I don't think Tom wanted to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom wanted to do that yesterday.
I don't think Tom wanted to do that.
I don't think Tom wanted to go with us yesterday.
I don't think Tom wanted to say anything.
I don't think Tom wanted to show us the pictures on his smartphone.
I don't think Tom wanted to talk about that.
I don't think Tom wanted us to do that.
I don't think Tom wants any help doing that.
I don't think Tom wants any help.
I don't think Tom wants that to happen.
I don't think Tom wants to be my friend anymore.
I don't think Tom wants to do that again.
I don't think Tom wants to do that alone.
I don't think Tom wants to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom wants to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom wants to do that either.
I don't think Tom wants to do that here.
I don't think Tom wants to do that right now.
I don't think Tom wants to do that this morning.
I don't think Tom wants to do that tomorrow.
I don't think Tom wants to do that with Mary.
I don't think Tom wants to do that.
I don't think Tom wants to eat lunch with us.
I don't think Tom wants to eat with us.
I don't think Tom wants to go swimming today.
I don't think Tom wants to go swimming with me.
I don't think Tom wants to go swimming with us.
I don't think Tom wants to go to Australia with Mary.
I don't think Tom wants to go to Australia with me.
I don't think Tom wants to go to Boston with Mary.
I don't think Tom wants to go.
I don't think Tom wants to leave today.
I don't think Tom wants to leave.
I don't think Tom wants to see Mary.
I don't think Tom wants to see me.
I don't think Tom wants to see you again.
I don't think Tom wants to see you anymore.
I don't think Tom wants to see you.
I don't think Tom wants to sing with us tonight.
I don't think Tom wants to sing with us.
I don't think Tom wants to spend any more time in Australia.
I don't think Tom wants to spend any more time in Boston.
I don't think Tom wants to talk about Mary.
I don't think Tom wants to talk to Mary about that.
I don't think Tom was absent.
I don't think Tom was afraid.
I don't think Tom was alone.
I don't think Tom was amused by what was going on.
I don't think Tom was amused by what's going on.
I don't think Tom was amused.
I don't think Tom was angry.
I don't think Tom was annoyed.
I don't think Tom was as busy today as he was yesterday.
I don't think Tom was as generous as he should have been.
I don't think Tom was as generous as he should've been.
I don't think Tom was asleep.
I don't think Tom was at home.
I don't think Tom was awake.
I don't think Tom was barefoot.
I don't think Tom was being fair.
I don't think Tom was being honest.
I don't think Tom was being sarcastic.
I don't think Tom was being sincere.
I don't think Tom was being truthful.
I don't think Tom was being unfair.
I don't think Tom was bored.
I don't think Tom was boring.
I don't think Tom was busy today.
I don't think Tom was busy yesterday.
I don't think Tom was busy.
I don't think Tom was careful enough.
I don't think Tom was confused.
I don't think Tom was correct.
I don't think Tom was curious.
I don't think Tom was depressed.
I don't think Tom was determined to do that.
I don't think Tom was disappointed with the results.
I don't think Tom was disappointed.
I don't think Tom was disrespectful.
I don't think Tom was doing that.
I don't think Tom was done.
I don't think Tom was downstairs.
I don't think Tom was drunk.
I don't think Tom was early.
I don't think Tom was embarrassed.
I don't think Tom was engaged at that time.
I don't think Tom was excited.
I don't think Tom was exhausted.
I don't think Tom was expecting Mary to do that for him.
I don't think Tom was expecting you to do that for Mary.
I don't think Tom was expecting you to do that for him.
I don't think Tom was expecting you to do that.
I don't think Tom was fair.
I don't think Tom was finished doing that by 2:30.
I don't think Tom was first.
I don't think Tom was frightened by that.
I don't think Tom was frightened.
I don't think Tom was glad that happened.
I don't think Tom was glad that that happened.
I don't think Tom was happy.
I don't think Tom was having fun.
I don't think Tom was helpful.
I don't think Tom was here at that time.
I don't think Tom was here.
I don't think Tom was hesitant to do that.
I don't think Tom was hiding.
I don't think Tom was home on Monday.
I don't think Tom was home on October 20th.
I don't think Tom was home.
I don't think Tom was honest.
I don't think Tom was hungry.
I don't think Tom was hurt.
I don't think Tom was impressed.
I don't think Tom was in Australia last week.
I don't think Tom was in Australia.
I don't think Tom was in Boston last week.
I don't think Tom was in Boston.
I don't think Tom was in.
I don't think Tom was intentionally being disrespectful.
I don't think Tom was interested in doing that.
I don't think Tom was interested.
I don't think Tom was intimidated.
I don't think Tom was intoxicated.
I don't think Tom was intrigued.
I don't think Tom was involved in that incident.
I don't think Tom was involved in the scandal.
I don't think Tom was involved.
I don't think Tom was jealous.
I don't think Tom was joking about that.
I don't think Tom was joking.
I don't think Tom was kidding about that.
I don't think Tom was kidding.
I don't think Tom was late.
I don't think Tom was listening very carefully.
I don't think Tom was lying about that.
I don't think Tom was lying to me.
I don't think Tom was lying to us.
I don't think Tom was lying to you.
I don't think Tom was lying.
I don't think Tom was mad.
I don't think Tom was married at that time.
I don't think Tom was mistaken about that.
I don't think Tom was mistaken.
I don't think Tom was motivated to do that.
I don't think Tom was motivated.
I don't think Tom was nervous.
I don't think Tom was offended by that.
I don't think Tom was offended.
I don't think Tom was particularly pleased to see me.
I don't think Tom was paying attention.
I don't think Tom was pleased.
I don't think Tom was prepared for that.
I don't think Tom was prepared to do that.
I don't think Tom was prepared.
I don't think Tom was present at today's meeting.
I don't think Tom was present.
I don't think Tom was ready to do that.
I don't think Tom was ready.
I don't think Tom was reasonable.
I don't think Tom was respectful enough.
I don't think Tom was responsible for what happened.
I don't think Tom was right.
I don't think Tom was satisfied with the results.
I don't think Tom was satisfied.
I don't think Tom was scared.
I don't think Tom was serious about that.
I don't think Tom was serious.
I don't think Tom was shocked when he saw that happening.
I don't think Tom was shocked.
I don't think Tom was shy.
I don't think Tom was sincere.
I don't think Tom was sleepy.
I don't think Tom was so busy today.
I don't think Tom was stubborn.
I don't think Tom was successful.
I don't think Tom was supportive enough.
I don't think Tom was surprised.
I don't think Tom was sympathetic.
I don't think Tom was talking about me.
I don't think Tom was telling the truth.
I don't think Tom was tempted to do that.
I don't think Tom was tempted.
I don't think Tom was the first one here today.
I don't think Tom was the first one to do that.
I don't think Tom was the one who did that.
I don't think Tom was the one who stole my bicycle.
I don't think Tom was the one who stole my wallet.
I don't think Tom was thirsty.
I don't think Tom was through doing that.
I don't think Tom was tired.
I don't think Tom was truthful.
I don't think Tom was trying to escape.
I don't think Tom was unfair.
I don't think Tom was upset.
I don't think Tom was very happy to see me.
I don't think Tom was very happy.
I don't think Tom was worried.
I don't think Tom was wrong.
I don't think Tom will actually do that.
I don't think Tom will admit he doesn't know how to do that.
I don't think Tom will admit that he doesn't know how to do that.
I don't think Tom will agree to do that.
I don't think Tom will agree with you.
I don't think Tom will agree.
I don't think Tom will allow Mary to do that.
I don't think Tom will allow me to do that.
I don't think Tom will allow us to do that.
I don't think Tom will allow you to do that.
I don't think Tom will ask me to do that.
I don't think Tom will back.
I don't think Tom will be able to come tomorrow.
I don't think Tom will be able to convince Mary to do that.
I don't think Tom will be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I don't think Tom will be able to do that again.
I don't think Tom will be able to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom will be able to do that very well.
I don't think Tom will be able to do that without our help.
I don't think Tom will be able to do that without some help.
I don't think Tom will be able to do that.
I don't think Tom will be able to do what you're asking him to do.
I don't think Tom will be able to figure out how to do that.
I don't think Tom will be able to help us do that next week.
I don't think Tom will be able to help us.
I don't think Tom will be able to manage it alone.
I don't think Tom will be able to talk Mary into doing that.
I don't think Tom will be able to understand that.
I don't think Tom will be able to walk for two or three days.
I don't think Tom will be absent.
I don't think Tom will be afraid.
I don't think Tom will be allowed to do that again.
I don't think Tom will be allowed to do that today.
I don't think Tom will be allowed to do that.
I don't think Tom will be alone.
I don't think Tom will be amused by what's going on.
I don't think Tom will be amused.
I don't think Tom will be angry.
I don't think Tom will be annoyed.
I don't think Tom will be arrested.
I don't think Tom will be as busy as he thinks he'll be.
I don't think Tom will be as busy as you think he'll be.
I don't think Tom will be as busy today as he was yesterday.
I don't think Tom will be as careful as he should be.
I don't think Tom will be as careless the next time he does that.
I don't think Tom will be as enthusiastic about doing that as you seem to be.
I don't think Tom will be as grouchy today as he was yesterday.
I don't think Tom will be as picky as Mary usually is.
I don't think Tom will be as stubborn this time as he was the last time.
I don't think Tom will be asleep when we get there.
I don't think Tom will be asleep.
I don't think Tom will be at home this afternoon.
I don't think Tom will be at home tonight.
I don't think Tom will be at school today.
I don't think Tom will be at school tomorrow.
I don't think Tom will be at today's meeting.
I don't think Tom will be awake at this time of night.
I don't think Tom will be awake now.
I don't think Tom will be awake when I get home.
I don't think Tom will be awake when you get home.
I don't think Tom will be back before 2:30.
I don't think Tom will be back by 2:30.
I don't think Tom will be back in time for dinner.
I don't think Tom will be back soon.
I don't think Tom will be back until tomorrow.
I don't think Tom will be back.
I don't think Tom will be barefoot.
I don't think Tom will be bored.
I don't think Tom will be busy next week.
I don't think Tom will be busy this afternoon.
I don't think Tom will be busy tomorrow afternoon.
I don't think Tom will be busy tomorrow.
I don't think Tom will be busy.
I don't think Tom will be by himself.
I don't think Tom will be careless this time.
I don't think Tom will be careless.
I don't think Tom will be cold.
I don't think Tom will be coming back.
I don't think Tom will be coming in this morning.
I don't think Tom will be coming to Australia with me.
I don't think Tom will be coming.
I don't think Tom will be confused.
I don't think Tom will be cooperative.
I don't think Tom will be difficult to get along with.
I don't think Tom will be discouraged.
I don't think Tom will be discreet.
I don't think Tom will be disobedient.
I don't think Tom will be doing that again.
I don't think Tom will be doing that alone.
I don't think Tom will be doing that anymore.
I don't think Tom will be doing that anytime soon.
I don't think Tom will be doing that by himself.
I don't think Tom will be doing that today.
I don't think Tom will be doing that with Mary.
I don't think Tom will be doing that with me.
I don't think Tom will be doing that.
I don't think Tom will be early.
I don't think Tom will be embarrassed.
I don't think Tom will be excited.
I don't think Tom will be fair.
I don't think Tom will be finished by 2:30.
I don't think Tom will be finished doing that by 2:30.
I don't think Tom will be fired, at least not this week.
I don't think Tom will be fired.
I don't think Tom will be first.
I don't think Tom will be forgiven for doing that.
I don't think Tom will be forgiven.
I don't think Tom will be frightened.
I don't think Tom will be furious.
I don't think Tom will be glad that that's going to happen.
I don't think Tom will be glad that's going to happen.
I don't think Tom will be going to Australia with Mary.
I don't think Tom will be going to Boston with Mary.
I don't think Tom will be going to Boston.
I don't think Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I don't think Tom will be here early.
I don't think Tom will be here on time.
I don't think Tom will be here this morning.
I don't think Tom will be here today.
I don't think Tom will be here tomorrow.
I don't think Tom will be here until 2:30.
I don't think Tom will be here until after 2:30.
I don't think Tom will be here.
I don't think Tom will be hesitant to do that.
I don't think Tom will be home on Monday.
I don't think Tom will be home on October 20th.
I don't think Tom will be home this evening.
I don't think Tom will be honest.
I don't think Tom will be hungry.
I don't think Tom will be impatient.
I don't think Tom will be impressed by what Mary did.
I don't think Tom will be impressed.
I don't think Tom will be in Australia next spring.
I don't think Tom will be in Australia next summer.
I don't think Tom will be in Australia next week.
I don't think Tom will be in Australia next winter.
I don't think Tom will be in Australia.
I don't think Tom will be in Boston next spring.
I don't think Tom will be in Boston next summer.
I don't think Tom will be in Boston next week.
I don't think Tom will be in Boston next winter.
I don't think Tom will be in Boston.
I don't think Tom will be in his office on Monday.
I don't think Tom will be in his office on October 20th.
I don't think Tom will be in his office tomorrow morning.
I don't think Tom will be interested in doing that.
I don't think Tom will be interested.
I don't think Tom will be jealous.
I don't think Tom will be last.
I don't think Tom will be late the next time.
I don't think Tom will be late.
I don't think Tom will be lonely.
I don't think Tom will be mad at you.
I don't think Tom will be mad.
I don't think Tom will be more careful the next time he does that.
I don't think Tom will be motivated to do that.
I don't think Tom will be nervous about that.
I don't think Tom will be nervous doing that.
I don't think Tom will be nervous.
I don't think Tom will be obedient.
I don't think Tom will be overwhelmed.
I don't think Tom will be permitted to do that.
I don't think Tom will be picky.
I don't think Tom will be prepared to do that.
I don't think Tom will be prepared.
I don't think Tom will be present at today's meeting.
I don't think Tom will be present.
I don't think Tom will be punctual.
I don't think Tom will be punished for doing that.
I don't think Tom will be punished.
I don't think Tom will be ready to do that until next year.
I don't think Tom will be ready to do that.
I don't think Tom will be ready to leave when we get there.
I don't think Tom will be ready.
I don't think Tom will be reasonable.
I don't think Tom will be reluctant to do that.
I don't think Tom will be safe here.
I don't think Tom will be scared.
I don't think Tom will be sleeping when we get there.
I don't think Tom will be strict.
I don't think Tom will be stubborn.
I don't think Tom will be successful.
I don't think Tom will be surprised that happened.
I don't think Tom will be surprised that that happened.
I don't think Tom will be surprised.
I don't think Tom will be suspicious.
I don't think Tom will be sympathetic.
I don't think Tom will be tempted to do that.
I don't think Tom will be the first one to do that.
I don't think Tom will be the first one to fall asleep.
I don't think Tom will be the first one to leave.
I don't think Tom will be the last one here.
I don't think Tom will be the last one to do that.
I don't think Tom will be the next one to do that.
I don't think Tom will be there.
I don't think Tom will be thrilled about that.
I don't think Tom will be thrilled about what happened.
I don't think Tom will be thrilled.
I don't think Tom will be through doing that yet.
I don't think Tom will be tired.
I don't think Tom will be too much help.
I don't think Tom will be too tired to go dancing.
I don't think Tom will be truthful.
I don't think Tom will be up at this time of night.
I don't think Tom will be upset about that.
I don't think Tom will be upset.
I don't think Tom will be using his umbrella today.
I don't think Tom will be using this.
I don't think Tom will be worried about us.
I don't think Tom will be worried.
I don't think Tom will believe Mary.
I don't think Tom will believe it.
I don't think Tom will believe that really happened.
I don't think Tom will believe us.
I don't think Tom will buy that for you.
I don't think Tom will care whether I do that or not.
I don't think Tom will change his mind.
I don't think Tom will change.
I don't think Tom will come back.
I don't think Tom will come in this morning.
I don't think Tom will come to school today.
I don't think Tom will come to the party.
I don't think Tom will come tomorrow.
I don't think Tom will come.
I don't think Tom will cry.
I don't think Tom will do anything.
I don't think Tom will do that again.
I don't think Tom will do that anymore.
I don't think Tom will do that by himself.
I don't think Tom will do that either.
I don't think Tom will do that for Mary.
I don't think Tom will do that for me.
I don't think Tom will do that for us.
I don't think Tom will do that for you.
I don't think Tom will do that next week.
I don't think Tom will do that today.
I don't think Tom will do that tomorrow.
I don't think Tom will do that with Mary.
I don't think Tom will do that with you.
I don't think Tom will do that.
I don't think Tom will do what we asked him to do.
I don't think Tom will eat the salad if it has onions in it.
I don't think Tom will eat this.
I don't think Tom will enjoy doing that as much as he thinks he will.
I don't think Tom will enjoy doing that as much as he thinks that he will.
I don't think Tom will enjoy doing that as much as we will.
I don't think Tom will enjoy doing that.
I don't think Tom will enjoy this movie.
I don't think Tom will ever be able to afford to buy a house.
I don't think Tom will ever be able to do that.
I don't think Tom will ever be able to sing as well as Mary.
I don't think Tom will ever be able to walk again.
I don't think Tom will ever come back here again.
I don't think Tom will ever come back to Australia.
I don't think Tom will ever come back to Boston.
I don't think Tom will ever come back.
I don't think Tom will ever do that again.
I don't think Tom will ever do that.
I don't think Tom will ever enjoy doing that.
I don't think Tom will ever forget this.
I don't think Tom will ever forgive Mary for doing that.
I don't think Tom will ever forgive me for doing that.
I don't think Tom will ever forgive me.
I don't think Tom will ever get married.
I don't think Tom will ever get over the loss of his wife.
I don't think Tom will ever speak to me again.
I don't think Tom will ever start doing that.
I don't think Tom will ever stop doing that.
I don't think Tom will ever volunteer to do that again.
I don't think Tom will forget that.
I don't think Tom will forget this.
I don't think Tom will forget to do that.
I don't think Tom will forgive you this time.
I don't think Tom will get fired, at least not this week.
I don't think Tom will get fired.
I don't think Tom will get here on time.
I don't think Tom will get the job, because he doesn't have enough experience.
I don't think Tom will give it back.
I don't think Tom will give us any trouble.
I don't think Tom will give you the keys.
I don't think Tom will go to Australia next month.
I don't think Tom will go to Australia next weekend.
I don't think Tom will go to Australia with Mary next month.
I don't think Tom will go to Boston next weekend.
I don't think Tom will go to Boston with us next weekend.
I don't think Tom will have any problem doing that.
I don't think Tom will have any problems.
I don't think Tom will have that problem.
I don't think Tom will have the time to do that today.
I don't think Tom will have the time to do that with us today.
I don't think Tom will have to do that alone.
I don't think Tom will have to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom will have to do that.
I don't think Tom will hear us.
I don't think Tom will help me with my homework.
I don't think Tom will help us.
I don't think Tom will hurt Mary.
I don't think Tom will kiss Mary.
I don't think Tom will know how to do that work.
I don't think Tom will know how to do that.
I don't think Tom will know whether he can do that or not until he tries doing it.
I don't think Tom will like Australia.
I don't think Tom will like Boston.
I don't think Tom will like Mary.
I don't think Tom will like doing that alone.
I don't think Tom will like doing that by himself.
I don't think Tom will like doing that.
I don't think Tom will like it here.
I don't think Tom will like me.
I don't think Tom will like that.
I don't think Tom will like the soup I made.
I don't think Tom will like the soup that I made.
I don't think Tom will like this cake.
I don't think Tom will like this game.
I don't think Tom will like this place.
I don't think Tom will like this.
I don't think Tom will like you.
I don't think Tom will likely be able to do that very well.
I don't think Tom will likely cry.
I don't think Tom will likely do that anytime soon.
I don't think Tom will likely do that.
I don't think Tom will likely win.
I don't think Tom will listen to you.
I don't think Tom will lose.
I don't think Tom will make it.
I don't think Tom will mind.
I don't think Tom will need our help.
I don't think Tom will need to do that.
I don't think Tom will need your help.
I don't think Tom will notice.
I don't think Tom will pass today's history test.
I don't think Tom will permit Mary to do that.
I don't think Tom will permit me to do that.
I don't think Tom will permit you to do that.
I don't think Tom will put up much of a fight.
I don't think Tom will really do that.
I don't think Tom will really win.
I don't think Tom will refuse to do that.
I don't think Tom will remember me.
I don't think Tom will resign.
I don't think Tom will say yes.
I don't think Tom will sell me his old car for eight hundred dollars, but he might sell it to me for nine hundred dollars.
I don't think Tom will show up.
I don't think Tom will sing with us tomorrow.
I don't think Tom will sing.
I don't think Tom will stay much longer.
I don't think Tom will stay very long.
I don't think Tom will study French next year.
I don't think Tom will swim tomorrow.
I don't think Tom will swim.
I don't think Tom will tell anybody.
I don't think Tom will tell anyone.
I don't think Tom will try to do that.
I don't think Tom will understand that.
I don't think Tom will wait for Mary.
I don't think Tom will wait until tomorrow to do that.
I don't think Tom will wait very long.
I don't think Tom will want to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom will want to do that.
I don't think Tom will want to go drinking with us.
I don't think Tom will want to go to Australia with you.
I don't think Tom will want to go to Boston with you.
I don't think Tom will want to go to the zoo with us.
I don't think Tom will want to go with us.
I don't think Tom will want your old bicycle.
I don't think Tom will win.
I don't think Tom works as hard as Mary does.
I don't think Tom works as hard as Mary.
I don't think Tom would agree to do that.
I don't think Tom would agree to that.
I don't think Tom would agree with you.
I don't think Tom would agree.
I don't think Tom would allow Mary to do that on her own even if she were a little older.
I don't think Tom would allow Mary to do that on her own.
I don't think Tom would allow Mary to do that.
I don't think Tom would allow me to do that here.
I don't think Tom would allow me to do that.
I don't think Tom would allow you to do that by yourself.
I don't think Tom would allow you to do that.
I don't think Tom would approve.
I don't think Tom would be able to do that even if he tried.
I don't think Tom would be able to do that without our help.
I don't think Tom would be able to do that.
I don't think Tom would be able to figure out how to do that.
I don't think Tom would be able to help us.
I don't think Tom would be absent if he weren't sick.
I don't think Tom would be afraid of something like this.
I don't think Tom would be afraid to do that if you did it with him.
I don't think Tom would be afraid to do that.
I don't think Tom would be amused by what's going on.
I don't think Tom would be angry if you did that without him.
I don't think Tom would be angry if you did that.
I don't think Tom would be annoyed.
I don't think Tom would be bored if you told him about your trip.
I don't think Tom would be broke all the time if he'd spend his money more carefully.
I don't think Tom would be busy.
I don't think Tom would be concerned about that.
I don't think Tom would be crazy enough to do something like that.
I don't think Tom would be discouraged.
I don't think Tom would be doing that if he didn't have to.
I don't think Tom would be doing that if he didn't need to.
I don't think Tom would be doing that if he didn't want to.
I don't think Tom would be embarrassed by something like that.
I don't think Tom would be foolish enough to do something like that.
I don't think Tom would be foolish enough to do that.
I don't think Tom would be frightened by that.
I don't think Tom would be glad if that happened.
I don't think Tom would be happy doing that.
I don't think Tom would be here if he didn't have to be.
I don't think Tom would be here if he didn't need to be.
I don't think Tom would be here if he didn't want to be.
I don't think Tom would be hesitant to do that.
I don't think Tom would be impressed by what you did.
I don't think Tom would be impressed.
I don't think Tom would be interested in buying any of Mary's paintings.
I don't think Tom would be interested in doing that.
I don't think Tom would be interested.
I don't think Tom would be jealous.
I don't think Tom would be late unless he had a very good reason.
I don't think Tom would be mad if you did that without him.
I don't think Tom would be mad if you did that.
I don't think Tom would be motivated to do that.
I don't think Tom would be nervous doing that.
I don't think Tom would be opposed to doing that.
I don't think Tom would be reluctant to do that.
I don't think Tom would be so busy.
I don't think Tom would be stupid enough to do something like that.
I don't think Tom would be stupid enough to do that alone.
I don't think Tom would be stupid enough to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom would be stupid enough to do that.
I don't think Tom would be surprised if I did that.
I don't think Tom would be surprised if Mary did that.
I don't think Tom would be surprised if you did that.
I don't think Tom would be tempted to do that.
I don't think Tom would be upset if I did that.
I don't think Tom would be welcomed.
I don't think Tom would be willing to do that.
I don't think Tom would be willing to help us do that.
I don't think Tom would be willing to help us.
I don't think Tom would be willing to lend his car to us.
I don't think Tom would be willing to lend me his guitar.
I don't think Tom would be willing to lend me his new bicycle.
I don't think Tom would be willing to lend us his car.
I don't think Tom would be willing to show me how to do that.
I don't think Tom would be worried about something like that.
I don't think Tom would buy a pink umbrella.
I don't think Tom would buy that.
I don't think Tom would care if I did that now.
I don't think Tom would care if I did that with him.
I don't think Tom would care if I did that without him.
I don't think Tom would care if I did that.
I don't think Tom would care if Mary did that by herself.
I don't think Tom would care if Mary did that.
I don't think Tom would care if you did that by yourself.
I don't think Tom would care if you did that today.
I don't think Tom would care if you did that.
I don't think Tom would deny it.
I don't think Tom would disapprove.
I don't think Tom would do something like that.
I don't think Tom would do such a thing.
I don't think Tom would do that by himself.
I don't think Tom would do that either.
I don't think Tom would do that for you.
I don't think Tom would do that on purpose.
I don't think Tom would do that with you.
I don't think Tom would do that.
I don't think Tom would do this kind of thing.
I don't think Tom would do this.
I don't think Tom would do what you said he did.
I don't think Tom would enjoy doing that.
I don't think Tom would enjoy this movie.
I don't think Tom would ever be able to do that.
I don't think Tom would ever consider doing that.
I don't think Tom would ever do something like that.
I don't think Tom would ever do that again.
I don't think Tom would ever do that kind of thing.
I don't think Tom would ever do that.
I don't think Tom would ever forget you.
I don't think Tom would ever leave Mary.
I don't think Tom would ever leave his wife.
I don't think Tom would ever let me read his diary.
I don't think Tom would ever marry someone like Mary.
I don't think Tom would ever really do that.
I don't think Tom would ever say anything like that.
I don't think Tom would ever say something like that.
I don't think Tom would forget to do that.
I don't think Tom would have allowed you to do that.
I don't think Tom would have done that for me.
I don't think Tom would have done that if Mary hadn't been there.
I don't think Tom would have done that.
I don't think Tom would have fun doing that.
I don't think Tom would have had the courage to do that.
I don't think Tom would have let you do that.
I don't think Tom would have permitted you to do that.
I don't think Tom would have said that to Mary.
I don't think Tom would have said that.
I don't think Tom would have swum by himself.
I don't think Tom would have the courage to do that.
I don't think Tom would have tried doing that by himself.
I don't think Tom would have tried to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom would help Mary do that.
I don't think Tom would help me do that.
I don't think Tom would help me with my homework.
I don't think Tom would help us do that.
I don't think Tom would hire a private detective.
I don't think Tom would leave his wife.
I don't think Tom would let Mary do that.
I don't think Tom would let Mary drive.
I don't think Tom would let Mary win.
I don't think Tom would let me borrow his car.
I don't think Tom would let me do that.
I don't think Tom would let me drive his new sports car.
I don't think Tom would let me drive.
I don't think Tom would let me help him.
I don't think Tom would let me kiss him.
I don't think Tom would let me ride his horse.
I don't think Tom would let me win.
I don't think Tom would let you do that by yourself.
I don't think Tom would let you do that.
I don't think Tom would let you drive his car.
I don't think Tom would let you win.
I don't think Tom would lie to me.
I don't think Tom would lie to you.
I don't think Tom would lie.
I don't think Tom would like Australia.
I don't think Tom would like Boston.
I don't think Tom would like doing that.
I don't think Tom would like it if I did that.
I don't think Tom would like it if Mary did that.
I don't think Tom would like it if we did that.
I don't think Tom would like it very much if I used his electric beard trimmer without his permission.
I don't think Tom would like living here very much.
I don't think Tom would like living here.
I don't think Tom would like that.
I don't think Tom would like to do that.
I don't think Tom would likely do that.
I don't think Tom would make a very good boss.
I don't think Tom would make a very good husband.
I don't think Tom would make a very good teacher.
I don't think Tom would mind buying that for you.
I don't think Tom would mind doing that for you.
I don't think Tom would mind doing that.
I don't think Tom would mind helping you.
I don't think Tom would mind if I used his bicycle.
I don't think Tom would mind if we did that.
I don't think Tom would mind if you did that.
I don't think Tom would mind it if you did that.
I don't think Tom would mind it if you stayed for a couple of days.
I don't think Tom would mind showing you how to do that.
I don't think Tom would mind.
I don't think Tom would notice that.
I don't think Tom would object.
I don't think Tom would permit Mary to do that.
I don't think Tom would permit me to do that.
I don't think Tom would permit you to do that.
I don't think Tom would really do that.
I don't think Tom would really want that.
I don't think Tom would really want to do that.
I don't think Tom would remember me.
I don't think Tom would still be angry.
I don't think Tom would still be awake.
I don't think Tom would still be downstairs.
I don't think Tom would still be jealous.
I don't think Tom would still be mad.
I don't think Tom would still be nervous.
I don't think Tom would still be willing to do that.
I don't think Tom would try to do that without our help.
I don't think Tom would try to kill us.
I don't think Tom would understand it.
I don't think Tom would understand.
I don't think Tom would want to do that.
I don't think Tom would want to go to Australia with you.
I don't think Tom would want to go to Boston with you.
I don't think Tom would want to sing.
I don't think Tom would've allowed you to do that.
I don't think Tom would've been absent if he had known how important that meeting was.
I don't think Tom would've done that for me.
I don't think Tom would've done that if Mary hadn't been there.
I don't think Tom would've done that.
I don't think Tom would've had the courage to do that.
I don't think Tom would've let me do that.
I don't think Tom would've let you do that.
I don't think Tom would've permitted you to do that.
I don't think Tom would've said that to Mary.
I don't think Tom would've said that.
I don't think Tom would've swum by himself.
I don't think Tom would've tried doing that by himself.
I don't think Tom would've tried to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom wrote anything.
I don't think Tom's French pronunciation is very good.
I don't think Tom's a bad person.
I don't think Tom's a killer.
I don't think Tom's a robot. Those red eyes could just be from allergies.
I don't think Tom's altruism is sincere.
I don't think Tom's an alien.
I don't think Tom's answer is wrong.
I don't think Tom's awake.
I don't think Tom's concert was very good.
I don't think Tom's explanation was a good one.
I don't think Tom's going to Boston.
I don't think Tom's jokes are funny.
I don't think Tom's jokes are particularly funny.
I don't think Tom's jokes are very funny.
I don't think Tom's performance was very good.
I don't think Tom's plan is feasible.
I don't think Tom's speaking English. It sounds more to me like some Scandinavian language.
I don't think Tom's speech was very good.
I don't think Tom's story is true.
I don't think Tom's the killer.
I don't think William is the type of person who would intentionally hurt someone's feelings.
I don't think Yanni heard me correctly.
I don't think Yanni is smart enough to do something like that.
I don't think Yanni knew what was coming at all.
I don't think Yanni's son was a priority to him.
I don't think Zir would wear something this funny.
I don't think Ziri's life is so bad.
I don't think a comma needs to go there.
I don't think a native French speaker would say it that way.
I don't think a native speaker would ever say it that way, but I can understand the intended meaning.
I don't think a native speaker would ever say it that way.
I don't think a rapprochement between us is the best thing.
I don't think about anything else.
I don't think about anything.
I don't think about death anymore, I have to sing.
I don't think about dying anymore, I really want to live.
I don't think about it much.
I don't think about it that much.
I don't think about that.
I don't think about the old days.
I don't think about the strange sounds you might hear in the woods.
I don't think about those things.
I don't think about you in that way.
I don't think about you.
I don't think all of the alcohol in this dish burned off.
I don't think all of the alcohol in this sauce burned off.
I don't think all the alcohol in this dish burned off.
I don't think all the alcohol in this sauce burned off.
I don't think an exception should be made.
I don't think any exceptions can be made.
I don't think any more people will fit in this room.
I don't think any more students want to come.
I don't think any of our heads would have come up to his shoulder, and I am sure that he could not have measured less than six and a half feet.
I don't think any of the people over there are women.
I don't think any of them know.
I don't think any of this is appropriate.
I don't think any of this is important.
I don't think any of those are what I need.
I don't think any of those horses is going to win.
I don't think any of us are happy about what happened.
I don't think any of us should do that.
I don't think any of us should go.
I don't think any of us slept that night.
I don't think any of us will get rich doing this.
I don't think any of you realize the importance of this.
I don't think any of you realize the significance of this.
I don't think any woman could ever really understand how I feel.
I don't think anybody can be blamed for the way things turned out.
I don't think anybody can do that.
I don't think anybody can do this.
I don't think anybody can help me anymore.
I don't think anybody can help me now.
I don't think anybody could do that.
I don't think anybody could survive that.
I don't think anybody could've done better than you did.
I don't think anybody could've done that better than you did.
I don't think anybody could've stopped Tom.
I don't think anybody disputes that.
I don't think anybody does that anymore.
I don't think anybody does that.
I don't think anybody else could do my job.
I don't think anybody else has noticed.
I don't think anybody else noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think anybody else noticed you crying.
I don't think anybody else noticed.
I don't think anybody else wants to come.
I don't think anybody else wants to do that today.
I don't think anybody else wants to do that.
I don't think anybody else will come today.
I don't think anybody else will come.
I don't think anybody has ever done something like this before.
I don't think anybody has ever done such a thing before.
I don't think anybody has ever done this before.
I don't think anybody has lived in this house for years.
I don't think anybody has told Tom what to do yet.
I don't think anybody has told Tom what to do.
I don't think anybody has told Tom yet.
I don't think anybody has tried doing it that way before.
I don't think anybody has tried doing that before.
I don't think anybody has tried that before.
I don't think anybody has tried to do it that way before.
I don't think anybody has tried to do that before.
I don't think anybody knows about that yet.
I don't think anybody knows yet.
I don't think anybody noticed what I was doing.
I don't think anybody noticed what Tom did.
I don't think anybody noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think anybody noticed what we did.
I don't think anybody noticed what we were doing.
I don't think anybody noticed what you did.
I don't think anybody noticed what you were doing.
I don't think anybody notices what Tom does.
I don't think anybody really expected you to be here.
I don't think anybody really expected you to help.
I don't think anybody really knows the real me.
I don't think anybody really thought Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think anybody really thought Tom was busy.
I don't think anybody really thought Tom was happy.
I don't think anybody really thought that Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think anybody really thought that Tom was busy.
I don't think anybody really thought that Tom was happy.
I don't think anybody really understands me.
I don't think anybody really wants to do that.
I don't think anybody saw us do that.
I don't think anybody saw us doing that.
I don't think anybody saw us.
I don't think anybody suspected that you weren't Tom.
I don't think anybody suspected that you weren't really Tom.
I don't think anybody suspected you weren't Tom.
I don't think anybody suspected you weren't really Tom.
I don't think anybody thinks you're crazy.
I don't think anybody wants to do that.
I don't think anybody was frustrated.
I don't think anybody was here yesterday.
I don't think anybody was satisfied.
I don't think anybody will come.
I don't think anybody will like Tom.
I don't think anybody would agree to do that.
I don't think anybody would agree with that statement.
I don't think anybody would consider Tom good-looking.
I don't think anybody would disagree with that statement.
I don't think anybody would do that.
I don't think anybody would really do that.
I don't think anybody would wait that long.
I don't think anybody would want to read this book more than once.
I don't think anybody would want to see that movie more than once.
I don't think anybody's going to help you.
I don't think anybody's lived in this house in a long time.
I don't think anyone can be blamed for what happened.
I don't think anyone can do that.
I don't think anyone can do this.
I don't think anyone can help me anymore.
I don't think anyone can help me now.
I don't think anyone can speak Finnish here.
I don't think anyone can trust Tom.
I don't think anyone can understand self-harm, unless they do it themselves.
I don't think anyone could do that.
I don't think anyone could have done better than you did.
I don't think anyone could have stopped Tom.
I don't think anyone could survive that.
I don't think anyone could've done better than you did.
I don't think anyone could've done that better than you did.
I don't think anyone could've stopped Tom.
I don't think anyone disputes that.
I don't think anyone does that anymore.
I don't think anyone does that.
I don't think anyone else could do my job.
I don't think anyone else has noticed.
I don't think anyone else is coming today.
I don't think anyone else noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think anyone else noticed you crying.
I don't think anyone else noticed you leaving early.
I don't think anyone else noticed.
I don't think anyone else wants to come.
I don't think anyone else wants to do that today.
I don't think anyone else wants to do that.
I don't think anyone else will come today.
I don't think anyone else will come.
I don't think anyone has ever done something like this before.
I don't think anyone has ever done this before.
I don't think anyone has ever really loved me.
I don't think anyone has lived in this house for years.
I don't think anyone has told Tom what to do yet.
I don't think anyone has told Tom what to do.
I don't think anyone has told Tom yet.
I don't think anyone has tried doing it that way before.
I don't think anyone has tried doing that before.
I don't think anyone has tried that before.
I don't think anyone has tried that yet.
I don't think anyone has tried to do it that way before.
I don't think anyone has tried to do that before.
I don't think anyone here can speak French.
I don't think anyone here speaks French.
I don't think anyone is to blame for that.
I don't think anyone knows about that yet.
I don't think anyone knows yet.
I don't think anyone lines up completely with their expected gender role, unless they do so intentionally.
I don't think anyone noticed what I was doing.
I don't think anyone noticed what Tom did.
I don't think anyone noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think anyone noticed what we did.
I don't think anyone noticed what we were doing.
I don't think anyone noticed what you did.
I don't think anyone noticed what you were doing.
I don't think anyone notices what Tom and Mary do.
I don't think anyone notices what Tom does.
I don't think anyone really expected you to be here.
I don't think anyone really expected you to help.
I don't think anyone really knows the real me.
I don't think anyone really thought Tom and Mary were busy.
I don't think anyone really thought Tom and Mary were happy.
I don't think anyone really thought Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think anyone really thought Tom was busy.
I don't think anyone really thought Tom was happy.
I don't think anyone really thought that Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think anyone really thought that Tom was busy.
I don't think anyone really thought that Tom was happy.
I don't think anyone really understands me.
I don't think anyone really wants to do that.
I don't think anyone saw us do that.
I don't think anyone saw us doing that.
I don't think anyone saw us.
I don't think anyone says they don't trust God.
I don't think anyone suspected that you weren't Tom.
I don't think anyone suspected that you weren't really Tom.
I don't think anyone suspected you weren't Tom.
I don't think anyone suspected you weren't really Tom.
I don't think anyone thinks you're crazy.
I don't think anyone wants to do that.
I don't think anyone was frustrated.
I don't think anyone was here yesterday.
I don't think anyone was satisfied.
I don't think anyone will come.
I don't think anyone will like Tom.
I don't think anyone would agree to do that.
I don't think anyone would agree with that statement.
I don't think anyone would consider Tom good-looking.
I don't think anyone would disagree with that statement.
I don't think anyone would do that.
I don't think anyone would really do that.
I don't think anyone would wait that long.
I don't think anyone would want to read this book a second time.
I don't think anyone would want to read this book more than once.
I don't think anyone would want to see that movie more than once.
I don't think anyone's going to help you.
I don't think anyone's lived in this house in a long time.
I don't think anyone's there.
I don't think anything bad is going to happen.
I don't think anything bad will happen.
I don't think anything can be done about that.
I don't think anything can be done.
I don't think anything changes.
I don't think anything is broken.
I don't think anything is going to change.
I don't think anything is missing.
I don't think anything will change.
I don't think anything would change if I did that.
I don't think anything's broken.
I don't think anything's going to change.
I don't think as many people as you think will be there.
I don't think banks are open today.
I don't think being poor is anything to be ashamed of.
I don't think cell phones can cause cancer.
I don't think changing that would be a good idea.
I don't think children should be here.
I don't think children should drink beer.
I don't think color blindness can be cured since it's a distortion in the eye.
I don't think dogs are stupid exactly.
I don't think doing it that way would be fair.
I don't think doing that is a bad idea.
I don't think doing that is a good idea.
I don't think doing that is a very good idea.
I don't think doing that is much fun.
I don't think doing that is necessary.
I don't think doing that is such a good idea.
I don't think doing that will be easy.
I don't think doing that will solve the problem.
I don't think doing that would be OK.
I don't think doing that would be a bad idea.
I don't think doing that would be a good idea.
I don't think doing that would be a very good idea.
I don't think doing that would be any fun.
I don't think doing that would be dangerous.
I don't think doing that would be fun.
I don't think doing that would be good.
I don't think doing that would be much fun.
I don't think doing that would be rude.
I don't think doing that would be safe.
I don't think doing that would be so difficult.
I don't think doing that would be so hard.
I don't think doing that would be such a bad idea.
I don't think doing that would be such a good idea.
I don't think doing that would be worth our time.
I don't think doing that'll be worth our time.
I don't think doing that's a bad idea.
I don't think doing that's a good idea.
I don't think doing that's a very good idea.
I don't think doing that's necessary.
I don't think doing this would be worth our time.
I don't think either Tom or Mary has done that.
I don't think either Tom or Mary has ever been in love.
I don't think either Tom or Mary has ever done that.
I don't think either Tom or Mary is ever going to get married.
I don't think either Tom or Mary will do that today.
I don't think either Tom or Mary will do that.
I don't think either of us wants that to happen.
I don't think enough is being done.
I don't think even Tom could do that.
I don't think everybody gave up.
I don't think everybody has given up.
I don't think everybody here has done that.
I don't think everybody is here yet.
I don't think everybody knows what to do.
I don't think everyone gave up.
I don't think everyone has given up.
I don't think everyone here has done that.
I don't think everyone is here yet.
I don't think everyone knows what to do.
I don't think giving Tom a knife was a good idea.
I don't think gods exist.
I don't think he can do that.
I don't think he can handle the truth.
I don't think he can hear us.
I don't think he can help you.
I don't think he cared.
I don't think he cares.
I don't think he does it on purpose.
I don't think he has any friends.
I don't think he has any ill intentions towards you.
I don't think he has anything to do with the matter.
I don't think he has time for that.
I don't think he intends to go with us.
I don't think he is fit for the job.
I don't think he is right.
I don't think he is sincere.
I don't think he is trustworthy.
I don't think he is truthful.
I don't think he killed those men.
I don't think he knows I love you.
I don't think he left.
I don't think he lied.
I don't think he likes it.
I don't think he loves me anymore.
I don't think he plans to go with us.
I don't think he really exists.
I don't think he really wanted to rape me.
I don't think he remembers me.
I don't think he said his real last name.
I don't think he understands what you are saying.
I don't think he wants to marry you.
I don't think he wants to settle down with me.
I don't think he wants to settle with me.
I don't think he was a native French speaker.
I don't think he was being straight with me.
I don't think he was just bluffing.
I don't think he was listening.
I don't think he was so timid.
I don't think he will change his mind.
I don't think he will come.
I don't think he would disapprove.
I don't think he would mind.
I don't think he would object.
I don't think he'll accept it.
I don't think he'll accept the offer.
I don't think he'll be able to do it by himself.
I don't think he'll be able to do that work.
I don't think he'll come.
I don't think he'll ever be back.
I don't think he'll ever stop liking that painting.
I don't think he'll go.
I don't think he'll grant it to us.
I don't think he'll know how to do that work.
I don't think he'll listen to you.
I don't think he'll say yes.
I don't think he's Algerian.
I don't think he's a badmash. His hands are like a manual worker's.
I don't think he's a great actor.
I don't think he's a lawyer.
I don't think he's all that handsome.
I don't think he's alone.
I don't think he's arrived.
I don't think he's bothered.
I don't think he's coming.
I don't think he's ever coming back.
I don't think he's faking.
I don't think he's from Kabylie.
I don't think he's gay. He's married and has three children.
I don't think he's going to do that again.
I don't think he's going to hear us.
I don't think he's going to listen to you.
I don't think he's happy.
I don't think he's man enough to do it.
I don't think he's man enough to do that.
I don't think he's older than forty.
I don't think he's playing with a full deck.
I don't think her story is true.
I don't think his proposals amount to much.
I don't think his story is true.
I don't think in those terms.
I don't think it affects us.
I don't think it can get any worse.
I don't think it can happen.
I don't think it ever worked.
I don't think it ever works.
I don't think it gets any better than that!
I don't think it gives off the right signals.
I don't think it helps.
I don't think it hurts Tom.
I don't think it is a good investment.
I don't think it is an irregular sentence.
I don't think it is new. I think it has been around for a long time.
I don't think it is over.
I don't think it looks bad. It's just not my style.
I don't think it makes a huge difference.
I don't think it makes him a bad person just because he's decided he likes to eat horse meat.
I don't think it makes much difference.
I don't think it mattered.
I don't think it matters any more.
I don't think it matters anymore.
I don't think it matters which one you choose.
I don't think it matters who does that.
I don't think it matters who does this as long as it gets done.
I don't think it matters.
I don't think it means anything.
I don't think it really exists.
I don't think it really matters who does that as long as it gets done.
I don't think it really matters who does that.
I don't think it really matters who does this as long as it gets done.
I don't think it really matters who does this.
I don't think it really matters.
I don't think it was Tom and Mary.
I don't think it was Tom's fault.
I don't think it was a coincidence.
I don't think it was a mistake.
I don't think it was an accident.
I don't think it was fair for Tom to get all the money.
I don't think it was fair for Tom to get paid while the rest of us worked for free.
I don't think it was fair.
I don't think it was my fault.
I don't think it was what we did that made Tom angry.
I don't think it was your fault.
I don't think it will cost much to clean up the car.
I don't think it will rain this afternoon.
I don't think it will rain tomorrow.
I don't think it will rain, but I'll take an umbrella in case it does.
I don't think it will rain, but I'll take an umbrella just in case.
I don't think it will work.
I don't think it works like that.
I don't think it works that way.
I don't think it works.
I don't think it worthwhile doing such a thing.
I don't think it worthwhile to do such a thing.
I don't think it would be a good idea to do that by ourselves.
I don't think it would be a good idea to do that by yourself.
I don't think it would be a good idea to do that.
I don't think it would be a good idea.
I don't think it would be a problem to do that.
I don't think it would be a smart idea to do that by ourselves.
I don't think it would be a smart idea to do that by yourself.
I don't think it would be a smart idea to do that.
I don't think it would be cheap to do that.
I don't think it would be dangerous to do that.
I don't think it would be depressing to do that.
I don't think it would be difficult to do that.
I don't think it would be easy to do that.
I don't think it would be ethical to do that.
I don't think it would be expensive to do that.
I don't think it would be fair.
I don't think it would be hard to do that.
I don't think it would be impossible to do that.
I don't think it would be interesting to do that.
I don't think it would be legal to do that.
I don't think it would be possible to do that.
I don't think it would be risky to do that.
I don't think it would be rude to do that.
I don't think it would be safe for Tom to do that by himself.
I don't think it would be safe for Tom to do that.
I don't think it would be safe to do that.
I don't think it would be stupid to do that.
I don't think it would be unsafe to do that.
I don't think it would be wise to argue with Tom.
I don't think it would be wise to do that by ourselves.
I don't think it would be wise to do that by yourself.
I don't think it would be wise to do that today.
I don't think it would be wise to do that with Tom.
I don't think it would be wise to do that.
I don't think it would be wise to interfere.
I don't think it would be wrong to do that.
I don't think it would take more than 15 minutes to clean your room.
I don't think it would work as well as you might expect.
I don't think it'd be said like that, but we'd better ask a native speaker for advice.
I don't think it'll affect me.
I don't think it'll be all that difficult.
I don't think it'll be any problem to do that.
I don't think it'll be any problem.
I don't think it'll be cold tomorrow.
I don't think it'll be difficult for Tom to do that.
I don't think it'll be difficult for you to do that.
I don't think it'll be difficult to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think it'll be difficult to do that.
I don't think it'll be difficult to for me do that.
I don't think it'll be easy for Tom to do that.
I don't think it'll be easy for me do that.
I don't think it'll be easy for you to do that.
I don't think it'll be easy to do that.
I don't think it'll be easy to find Tom.
I don't think it'll be easy.
I don't think it'll be hard for Tom to do that.
I don't think it'll be hard for you to do that.
I don't think it'll be hard to do that.
I don't think it'll be hard to for me do that.
I don't think it'll be hot tomorrow.
I don't think it'll be much of a discount anyhow.
I don't think it'll be possible to do that without some help.
I don't think it'll be possible to do that.
I don't think it'll be possible to get this ink stain out.
I don't think it'll be that easy to do that.
I don't think it'll be that easy.
I don't think it'll be too hot this afternoon.
I don't think it'll be too hot.
I don't think it'll be too long before we see Tom again.
I don't think it'll come to that.
I don't think it'll come today.
I don't think it'll come up.
I don't think it'll culminate in forgiveness.
I don't think it'll get better.
I don't think it'll happen again.
I don't think it'll happen.
I don't think it'll make much difference.
I don't think it'll matter much.
I don't think it'll rain this afternoon.
I don't think it'll rain this evening.
I don't think it'll rain today.
I don't think it'll rain tomorrow.
I don't think it'll rain tonight.
I don't think it'll rain, but I'll take an umbrella in case it does.
I don't think it'll rain, but I'll take an umbrella in case.
I don't think it'll rain, but I'll take an umbrella just in case it does.
I don't think it'll rain, but I'll take an umbrella with me, just in case.
I don't think it'll rain.
I don't think it'll reach us.
I don't think it'll snow this afternoon.
I don't think it'll snow tomorrow.
I don't think it'll snow.
I don't think it'll stop raining.
I don't think it'll take long for me to fix that for you.
I don't think it'll take long for me to fix that.
I don't think it'll take long for us to do that.
I don't think it'll take long for us to paint this fence.
I don't think it'll take long to do that.
I don't think it'll take long to fix that for you.
I don't think it'll take long to fix that.
I don't think it'll take long to paint this fence.
I don't think it'll take long wash the car.
I don't think it'll take long.
I don't think it'll take very long to do that for you.
I don't think it'll take very long to do that if you help me.
I don't think it'll take very long to do that.
I don't think it'll take very long to paint your bicycle.
I don't think it'll work out.
I don't think it'll work the way you expect it to.
I don't think it'll work.
I don't think it's Tom and Mary who are the problem.
I don't think it's Tom who's the problem.
I don't think it's Tom's fault.
I don't think it's Tom.
I don't think it's a bad idea.
I don't think it's a bad thing.
I don't think it's a big deal.
I don't think it's a big problem.
I don't think it's a coded message.
I don't think it's a coincidence that Tom and Mary are both here.
I don't think it's a coincidence.
I don't think it's a difficult decision.
I don't think it's a genius-level move to fire 2/3 of your workforce and demand the remaining 1/3 commit to insane hours.
I don't think it's a good decision.
I don't think it's a good idea for you to go out at night by yourself.
I don't think it's a good idea for you to go to Australia by yourself.
I don't think it's a good idea for you to go to Boston by yourself.
I don't think it's a good idea for you to hang out with Tom.
I don't think it's a good idea to do that.
I don't think it's a good idea to leave Mary out of the group.
I don't think it's a good idea to talk about it here.
I don't think it's a good idea to touch the radioactive shrapnel.
I don't think it's a good idea.
I don't think it's a good match.
I don't think it's a hard decision.
I don't think it's a problem anymore.
I don't think it's a problem.
I don't think it's a product that's worth the price.
I don't think it's a trend.
I don't think it's a trick.
I don't think it's a typo.
I don't think it's a very good idea for you to go out at night by yourself.
I don't think it's a very good idea for you to go to Boston by yourself.
I don't think it's a very good idea for you to hang out with Tom.
I don't think it's a very good idea to do that here.
I don't think it's a very good idea to do that now.
I don't think it's a very good idea to do that with Tom.
I don't think it's a very good idea to do that.
I don't think it's a very good idea.
I don't think it's a wise move.
I don't think it's a wolf.
I don't think it's always right for local governments to submit to the central government.
I don't think it's an emergency, but it could become one.
I don't think it's any of my business.
I don't think it's any of your business.
I don't think it's anybody's fault.
I don't think it's anyone's fault.
I don't think it's anything major.
I don't think it's anything to laugh about.
I don't think it's anything to worry about.
I don't think it's anything we need to worry about.
I don't think it's appropriate.
I don't think it's as important as Tom thinks it is.
I don't think it's as uncommon as you think.
I don't think it's cold.
I don't think it's convincing.
I don't think it's dangerous for you to do that.
I don't think it's dangerous.
I don't think it's depressing for you to do that.
I don't think it's easy to form your own opinion on an issue.
I don't think it's ethical for you to do that.
I don't think it's even eight o'clock yet.
I don't think it's even possible.
I don't think it's fair at all.
I don't think it's fair that you pick me over her!
I don't think it's fair to punish me for a mistake I made years ago.
I don't think it's fair to single Tom out.
I don't think it's fair to single out Tom.
I don't think it's fair.
I don't think it's feasible.
I don't think it's funny at all.
I don't think it's funny.
I don't think it's going to be difficult to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think it's going to be difficult to convince Tom to help us.
I don't think it's going to be difficult to convince Tom.
I don't think it's going to be difficult to do that.
I don't think it's going to be difficult to find Tom.
I don't think it's going to be easy to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think it's going to be easy to convince Tom.
I don't think it's going to be easy to do that.
I don't think it's going to be easy to find Tom.
I don't think it's going to be easy.
I don't think it's going to be hard to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think it's going to be hard to convince Tom to help us.
I don't think it's going to be hard to convince Tom.
I don't think it's going to be hard to do that.
I don't think it's going to be hard to find Tom.
I don't think it's going to be that easy.
I don't think it's going to be that simple.
I don't think it's going to happen that way.
I don't think it's going to happen today.
I don't think it's going to happen tonight.
I don't think it's going to happen.
I don't think it's going to hurt.
I don't think it's going to rain this evening.
I don't think it's going to rain today.
I don't think it's going to rain tomorrow.
I don't think it's going to snow.
I don't think it's going to stop raining anytime soon.
I don't think it's going to work out.
I don't think it's gonna work out between us.
I don't think it's good for Tom to go alone.
I don't think it's good for him to go alone.
I don't think it's good.
I don't think it's her fault.
I don't think it's her.
I don't think it's him.
I don't think it's his fault.
I don't think it's important any more.
I don't think it's important for Tom to attend today's meeting.
I don't think it's important for us to do that.
I don't think it's important.
I don't think it's impossible.
I don't think it's incurable.
I don't think it's just Tom who believes that.
I don't think it's just Tom who doesn't have enough money to pay his bills.
I don't think it's just Tom who wants to do that.
I don't think it's just Tom.
I don't think it's just a stunt.
I don't think it's just me who disagrees with Tom.
I don't think it's just me who thinks that what Tom is doing is wrong.
I don't think it's just me who thinks what Tom is doing is wrong.
I don't think it's just me.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will come over this time of night.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will drive all the way to Boston by himself.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will help us do that tomorrow.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will help us do that.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will help us.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will know the answer.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will show us how to do that.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will tell Mary about what happened.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will tell us the truth.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will tell us what to do.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will want to do that.
I don't think it's likely to rain tomorrow.
I don't think it's limited to Canadian French.
I don't think it's love.
I don't think it's more than coincidence.
I don't think it's my decision alone.
I don't think it's my fault.
I don't think it's narcissism; it's just ordinary vanity.
I don't think it's necessary for Tom to do that.
I don't think it's necessary for me to sound like a native speaker. I just want to be able to speak fluently.
I don't think it's necessary for us to do that.
I don't think it's necessary for us to do this.
I don't think it's necessary for you to do that.
I don't think it's necessary to do that.
I don't think it's necessary to tuck my shirt into my jeans.
I don't think it's necessary.
I don't think it's odd at all.
I don't think it's odd.
I don't think it's over yet.
I don't think it's over.
I don't think it's possible for man as big as him to just disappear into thin air.
I don't think it's possible for you to do that.
I don't think it's possible to do that.
I don't think it's possible to do this without some help.
I don't think it's possible to do this.
I don't think it's possible to finish that amount of work in one day.
I don't think it's possible.
I don't think it's random.
I don't think it's really broken.
I don't think it's reasonable.
I don't think it's right for this sentence to be translated.
I don't think it's right to remove a skunk's scent glands.
I don't think it's right.
I don't think it's safe for Tom to do that.
I don't think it's safe for you to do that.
I don't think it's safe to go out at night by yourself.
I don't think it's safe to go out at night.
I don't think it's safe to go out in this kind of weather.
I don't think it's safe to swim here.
I don't think it's serious - but I thought I'd stop by.
I don't think it's serious.
I don't think it's silly for you to do that.
I don't think it's smart for you to do that.
I don't think it's so strange.
I don't think it's strange at all.
I don't think it's strange.
I don't think it's such a bad idea.
I don't think it's such a big deal.
I don't think it's such a big problem.
I don't think it's such a crazy thought.
I don't think it's that bad.
I don't think it's that easy.
I don't think it's that simple.
I don't think it's them.
I don't think it's time.
I don't think it's too bad.
I don't think it's too late to do that.
I don't think it's too serious.
I don't think it's true that Tom hates foreigners.
I don't think it's true that cell phones cause tumors, Esther.
I don't think it's true.
I don't think it's unethical for you to do that.
I don't think it's unfair to judge people by the company they keep.
I don't think it's unreasonable.
I don't think it's up to us to decide.
I don't think it's up to you to decide.
I don't think it's very funny.
I don't think it's very healthy to cut out whole groups of foods like fats.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will be here today.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will come over this time of night.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will do that.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will drive all the way to Boston by himself.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will help us do that tomorrow.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will help us do that.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will help us.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will know the answer.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will show us how to do that.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will tell Mary about what happened.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will tell us the truth.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will tell us what to do.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will want to do that.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will be here today.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will come over this time of night.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will do that.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will drive all the way to Boston by himself.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will help us do that tomorrow.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will help us do that.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will help us.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will know the answer.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will show us how to do that.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will tell Mary about what happened.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will tell us the truth.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will tell us what to do.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will want to do that.
I don't think it's vital.
I don't think it's weird at all.
I don't think it's what you think it is.
I don't think it's wise for you to do that.
I don't think it's wise to argue with Tom.
I don't think it's wise to do that here.
I don't think it's wise to do that now.
I don't think it's working out.
I don't think it's worth doing that.
I don't think it's worth it.
I don't think it's worth the price that they're asking.
I don't think it's worth the price that you paid for it.
I don't think it's worth the price they're asking.
I don't think it's worth the price you paid for it.
I don't think it's wrong.
I don't think it's your fault.
I don't think justice was done in this case.
I don't think like you.
I don't think love passes; I think it changes.
I don't think man is evil by nature.
I don't think many people can say they are satisfied with their salary.
I don't think many people can say they're satisfied with their salary.
I don't think many people liked that movie.
I don't think many people will be able to come that night. I, for one, have to be in London.
I don't think many people will come.
I don't think many people will do that.
I don't think married people should have secrets from each other.
I don't think men are aggressive from their nature. What makes them aggressive is power. The power corrupts, not the sex.
I don't think miracles happen.
I don't think mobile phones can cause cancer.
I don't think most of us could do what Tom did.
I don't think much of him as a musician.
I don't think much of him.
I don't think much of it.
I don't think much of that suggestion.
I don't think my French is very good.
I don't think my boyfriend and I will ever make up.
I don't think my ex-girlfriend and I'd ever start dating again.
I don't think my father is willing to lend us the car.
I don't think my gift meant all that much to Tom.
I don't think my gift meant much to Tom.
I don't think my gift meant very much to Tom.
I don't think my life is boring.
I don't think my life is easy.
I don't think my life is very interesting.
I don't think my wife trusts me.
I don't think my wife will let me go.
I don't think now is the moment.
I don't think now is the time for the vuvuzela, Tom.
I don't think now is the time to do that.
I don't think now is when we should be doing this.
I don't think of Tom as shy, so much as introverted.
I don't think of it as a game.
I don't think of it like that.
I don't think of it.
I don't think of the past. The only thing that matters is the everlasting present.
I don't think of you every minute of the day, but I do think of you often.
I don't think our French teacher is a very good teacher.
I don't think people actually say it that way anymore.
I don't think people have free will.
I don't think people should do that.
I don't think people should make a mountain of a mole hill.
I don't think people talk like that.
I don't think people use that word any more.
I don't think people use that word anymore.
I don't think physics is an interesting subject.
I don't think post offices are open today.
I don't think preschoolers should be watching that much TV.
I don't think prices will go down.
I don't think prices will stay this high.
I don't think reading novels is a waste of time.
I don't think really we want to know all the gory details.
I don't think religious people should be forced to perform same-sex weddings if they don't want to.
I don't think she can hear us.
I don't think she can speak French.
I don't think she cared.
I don't think she cares very much.
I don't think she cares.
I don't think she could deal with life's challenges.
I don't think she could spare the time because she is always busy with her work.
I don't think she fully grasped the concept.
I don't think she is an office staff.
I don't think she is capable of doing this job. To start with, she is far too old.
I don't think she is fit for the job.
I don't think she is happy.
I don't think she is pretty.
I don't think she is right.
I don't think she is trustworthy.
I don't think she looks like her mother.
I don't think she loves me anymore.
I don't think she remembers me.
I don't think she should've done that.
I don't think she speaks Hebrew.
I don't think she takes after her mother.
I don't think she usually tells lies.
I don't think she will come back by five.
I don't think she will come.
I don't think she would understand it.
I don't think she'll be back before five.
I don't think she'll be coming.
I don't think she'll be happy living with her mother-in-law.
I don't think she'll come.
I don't think she's a lawyer.
I don't think she's a real woman.
I don't think she's alone.
I don't think she's at home.
I don't think she's crazy.
I don't think she's faking.
I don't think she's from Algeria.
I don't think she's going to hear us.
I don't think she's happy.
I don't think she's home.
I don't think she's interested in me.
I don't think she's too old.
I don't think so!
I don't think so, but I'm not sure.
I don't think so, either.
I don't think so, my friend.
I don't think so.
I don't think so. I know so.
I don't think someone her age can get pregnant.
I don't think something like that would embarrass Tom.
I don't think space is fake.
I don't think such a thing exists in Scots or Scottish English.
I don't think technology provides us with everything we need.
I don't think television will take the place of books.
I don't think that French is difficult.
I don't think that God wanted religious wars.
I don't think that Google Translator doesn't want to support the Kadazandusun language.
I don't think that I agree with you.
I don't think that I belong here.
I don't think that I broke any rules.
I don't think that I can afford that.
I don't think that I can afford this.
I don't think that I can afford to buy a car now.
I don't think that I can afford to buy a new computer now.
I don't think that I can afford to buy something like that.
I don't think that I can afford to buy that.
I don't think that I can afford to buy the kind of car I want.
I don't think that I can answer that question.
I don't think that I can answer that.
I don't think that I can apply for a job anywhere. I'm too old.
I don't think that I can be happy here if you left.
I don't think that I can be happy here if you weren't here with me.
I don't think that I can be happy here.
I don't think that I can be here all day.
I don't think that I can be there by 2:30.
I don't think that I can buy that for you.
I don't think that I can convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that I can convince Tom to sing for us.
I don't think that I can convince Tom to stop doing that.
I don't think that I can do anything else.
I don't think that I can do anything like that.
I don't think that I can do anything.
I don't think that I can do everything I've been asked to do.
I don't think that I can do everything by myself.
I don't think that I can do it.
I don't think that I can do that any better than Tom can.
I don't think that I can do that any better than you can.
I don't think that I can do that before Monday.
I don't think that I can do that better than Tom.
I don't think that I can do that better than you.
I don't think that I can do that by myself.
I don't think that I can do that faster than Tom.
I don't think that I can do that faster than you.
I don't think that I can do that for you.
I don't think that I can do that just now.
I don't think that I can do that now.
I don't think that I can do that right now.
I don't think that I can do that that soon.
I don't think that I can do that today.
I don't think that I can do that tonight.
I don't think that I can do that until the Monday after next.
I don't think that I can do that without some help.
I don't think that I can do that without your help.
I don't think that I can do that.
I don't think that I can do this again.
I don't think that I can do this alone.
I don't think that I can do this anymore.
I don't think that I can do this without Tom.
I don't think that I can do this without you.
I don't think that I can do this without your help.
I don't think that I can do this.
I don't think that I can do what you're asking me to do.
I don't think that I can eat all of this.
I don't think that I can eat all this.
I don't think that I can eat that.
I don't think that I can eat this.
I don't think that I can ever be happy here.
I don't think that I can explain that to you.
I don't think that I can explain the difference.
I don't think that I can find the time to do that today.
I don't think that I can find the time to do that until next week.
I don't think that I can find the time to do that.
I don't think that I can finish all this work by 2:30.
I don't think that I can finish the job alone.
I don't think that I can finish the job by myself.
I don't think that I can fix it.
I don't think that I can fix this today.
I don't think that I can fix this.
I don't think that I can get Tom to do that.
I don't think that I can get along with Tom.
I don't think that I can get there in time.
I don't think that I can get through this.
I don't think that I can get you to understand how difficult that is.
I don't think that I can go swimming today.
I don't think that I can handle it.
I don't think that I can handle that.
I don't think that I can help you do that today.
I don't think that I can help you do that.
I don't think that I can help you on Monday.
I don't think that I can help you very much.
I don't think that I can help you with that.
I don't think that I can help you.
I don't think that I can hold on much longer.
I don't think that I can keep Tom from doing that.
I don't think that I can leave early.
I don't think that I can leave that early.
I don't think that I can live without you.
I don't think that I can love two people at the same time.
I don't think that I can make it to your party.
I don't think that I can move this bookcase without a little help.
I don't think that I can move this bookcase without some help.
I don't think that I can move this bookcase without your help.
I don't think that I can move to Australia.
I don't think that I can move to Boston until next year.
I don't think that I can move to Boston.
I don't think that I can move.
I don't think that I can play the guitar as well as you can.
I don't think that I can repair this refrigerator.
I don't think that I can stay any longer.
I don't think that I can stay here much longer.
I don't think that I can stay in Boston until Monday.
I don't think that I can stay.
I don't think that I can stop Tom from doing that.
I don't think that I can stop Tom from going there.
I don't think that I can stop Tom from leaving.
I don't think that I can survive in this place.
I don't think that I can swim across this river.
I don't think that I can swim as well as you can.
I don't think that I can take any more.
I don't think that I can take this pain anymore.
I don't think that I can talk Tom into doing that.
I don't think that I can translate this document without your help.
I don't think that I can trust Tom anymore.
I don't think that I can trust Tom.
I don't think that I can trust you anymore.
I don't think that I can wait any longer.
I don't think that I can wait much longer.
I don't think that I can wait that long.
I don't think that I can wait until 2:30.
I don't think that I can wait until Monday.
I don't think that I can wait until Tom gets here.
I don't think that I can walk any faster.
I don't think that I can wear something like that to work.
I don't think that I can win.
I don't think that I could afford to buy a car like Tom's.
I don't think that I could do that even if I tried.
I don't think that I could do that even if Tom helped me.
I don't think that I could do that kind of thing.
I don't think that I could do that to Tom.
I don't think that I could do that without your help.
I don't think that I could do that.
I don't think that I could do what Tom does.
I don't think that I could do what Tom is doing right now.
I don't think that I could do what Tom is doing.
I don't think that I could ever commit suicide.
I don't think that I could ever convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that I could ever do that again.
I don't think that I could ever do that by myself.
I don't think that I could ever do that.
I don't think that I could ever do this again.
I don't think that I could ever eat a worm.
I don't think that I could ever get used to this smell.
I don't think that I could ever live in Australia.
I don't think that I could ever live in Boston again.
I don't think that I could ever live in Boston.
I don't think that I could ever sell this mandolin.
I don't think that I could explain it right now.
I don't think that I could forgive myself if I did that.
I don't think that I could live with Tom.
I don't think that I could live without you.
I don't think that I could make up a story like that even if I tried.
I don't think that I could spend three hours alone with Tom.
I don't think that I could stand being in the same room with Tom all afternoon.
I don't think that I could stand it.
I don't think that I could stand that.
I don't think that I could stand to spend three hours alone with Tom.
I don't think that I could talk Tom into doing that.
I don't think that I could tell Tom that.
I don't think that I could've done that alone.
I don't think that I could've done that by myself.
I don't think that I could've done that on my own.
I don't think that I could've done that without your help.
I don't think that I could've done that.
I don't think that I deserve this.
I don't think that I deserved it.
I don't think that I deserved that.
I don't think that I deserved the punishment I got.
I don't think that I did anything wrong.
I don't think that I did as well as the teacher expected me to.
I don't think that I did as well as the teacher expected.
I don't think that I did that correctly.
I don't think that I did that very well.
I don't think that I did that.
I don't think that I did very well.
I don't think that I did what you said I did.
I don't think that I enjoy doing this as much as you seem to.
I don't think that I enjoy fishing as much as you do.
I don't think that I enjoy playing chess as much as you seem to.
I don't think that I enjoy swimming as much as you seem to.
I don't think that I enjoy watching baseball as much as you do.
I don't think that I enjoyed doing that as much as you did.
I don't think that I enjoyed the movie as much as you did.
I don't think that I ever knew what Tom did for a living.
I don't think that I follow what you're saying.
I don't think that I follow.
I don't think that I got a good grade on the exam.
I don't think that I had to do that yesterday.
I don't think that I had to do that.
I don't think that I have a chance of winning.
I don't think that I have a choice.
I don't think that I have a problem.
I don't think that I have any bad habits.
I don't think that I have any chance of getting that job.
I don't think that I have any chance of winning.
I don't think that I have any choice but to do that.
I don't think that I have any choice.
I don't think that I have enough energy to do that now.
I don't think that I have enough energy to do that right now.
I don't think that I have enough energy to do that today.
I don't think that I have enough energy to do that.
I don't think that I have enough money to buy everything I need to buy.
I don't think that I have enough money to buy everything I need.
I don't think that I have enough money to buy everything I want to buy.
I don't think that I have enough money to buy everything I want.
I don't think that I have enough money to buy that.
I don't think that I have enough money to pay the bill.
I don't think that I have enough money.
I don't think that I have enough time to do that today.
I don't think that I have enough time to do that.
I don't think that I have enough time.
I don't think that I have ever been this hungry before.
I don't think that I have everything I need.
I don't think that I have everything that I need.
I don't think that I have much choice.
I don't think that I have much longer to live.
I don't think that I have one of those yet.
I don't think that I have one of those.
I don't think that I have that kind of time.
I don't think that I have the ability to do that.
I don't think that I have the energy for this.
I don't think that I have the energy to do that now.
I don't think that I have the energy to do that.
I don't think that I have the energy to walk that far.
I don't think that I have the experience necessary for that job.
I don't think that I have the stamina to do that.
I don't think that I have the strength to do that.
I don't think that I have the time to help you today.
I don't think that I have the willpower to do that.
I don't think that I have the willpower to quit smoking.
I don't think that I have the willpower to stop eating junk food.
I don't think that I have the willpower to stop smoking.
I don't think that I have time to do that before lunch.
I don't think that I have time to do that this morning.
I don't think that I have time to do that.
I don't think that I have time to explain it right now.
I don't think that I have to do that again.
I don't think that I have to do that anymore.
I don't think that I have to do that right now.
I don't think that I have to do that today.
I don't think that I have to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think that I have to do that.
I don't think that I have to explain that to Tom.
I don't think that I have to read the instructions.
I don't think that I have to spell it out for you.
I don't think that I have to tell Tom to do that.
I don't think that I have to tell you why this is important.
I don't think that I have to tell you why.
I don't think that I have what I need.
I don't think that I have what it takes to be a teacher.
I don't think that I have what you're looking for.
I don't think that I heard you correctly.
I don't think that I hurt Mary.
I don't think that I hurt Tom's feelings.
I don't think that I hurt Tom.
I don't think that I impressed Tom.
I don't think that I impressed anybody.
I don't think that I impressed anyone.
I don't think that I know Tom as well as you do.
I don't think that I know Tom.
I don't think that I know all the lyrics to this song.
I don't think that I know any of Tom's classmates.
I don't think that I know anybody here.
I don't think that I know anybody in Boston.
I don't think that I know anybody who can do that.
I don't think that I know anybody who can speak French.
I don't think that I know anybody who does that.
I don't think that I know anybody who speaks French.
I don't think that I know anyone here.
I don't think that I know anyone in Australia.
I don't think that I know anyone in Boston.
I don't think that I know anyone named Tom Jackson.
I don't think that I know anyone who can do that.
I don't think that I know anyone who can speak French.
I don't think that I know anyone who does that.
I don't think that I know anyone who speaks French.
I don't think that I know that boy.
I don't think that I know that girl.
I don't think that I know that guy.
I don't think that I know that man.
I don't think that I know that woman over there.
I don't think that I know that woman.
I don't think that I know the answer to that question.
I don't think that I know the answer.
I don't think that I know the boy sitting over there.
I don't think that I know the boy that's sitting over there.
I don't think that I know the boy who's sitting over there.
I don't think that I know the girl talking to Tom.
I don't think that I know the girl that's talking to Tom.
I don't think that I know the girl who's talking to Tom.
I don't think that I know the man playing the drums.
I don't think that I know the man that's playing the drums.
I don't think that I know the man who's playing the drums.
I don't think that I know you.
I don't think that I like Tom as much as you do.
I don't think that I like Tom much.
I don't think that I like Tom's suggestion.
I don't think that I like it.
I don't think that I like that.
I don't think that I like this game very much.
I don't think that I like what Tom is doing right now.
I don't think that I like what Tom is doing.
I don't think that I like what you're doing.
I don't think that I like you anymore.
I don't think that I like you very much.
I don't think that I like you.
I don't think that I look anything like my brother.
I don't think that I look like my father.
I don't think that I love you anymore.
I don't think that I made myself clear.
I don't think that I need Tom's permission to do that.
I don't think that I need Tom's permission.
I don't think that I need a bodyguard.
I don't think that I need a coat today.
I don't think that I need a new coat.
I don't think that I need anybody's permission to do that.
I don't think that I need anyone's permission to do that.
I don't think that I need one.
I don't think that I need to ask for Tom's help.
I don't think that I need to be here any longer.
I don't think that I need to do anything else.
I don't think that I need to do anything today.
I don't think that I need to do that again.
I don't think that I need to do that anymore.
I don't think that I need to do that here.
I don't think that I need to do that today.
I don't think that I need to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think that I need to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I need to do that.
I don't think that I need to explain that to Tom.
I don't think that I need to go shopping today.
I don't think that I need to go there today.
I don't think that I need to go.
I don't think that I need to help Tom anymore.
I don't think that I need to help Tom do that.
I don't think that I need to lose weight.
I don't think that I need to read the instructions.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom Mary wants him to do that.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom about our plans.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom about what we're planning to do.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom he needs to study harder.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom that Mary wants him to do that.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom that he needs to study harder.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom to do that.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom what to do.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom why I did that.
I don't think that I need to tell you what to do.
I don't think that I need to tell you.
I don't think that I need to wear a coat today.
I don't think that I need to wear a tie to the party.
I don't think that I need to worry about Tom anymore.
I don't think that I need to worry about Tom.
I don't think that I need to worry about that.
I don't think that I need your help doing that.
I don't think that I need your help right now.
I don't think that I need your help today.
I don't think that I need your help.
I don't think that I needed to do that yesterday.
I don't think that I needed to do that.
I don't think that I offended anybody.
I don't think that I offended anyone.
I don't think that I ordered that.
I don't think that I ought to do that anymore.
I don't think that I ought to do that here.
I don't think that I ought to do that right now.
I don't think that I ought to do that today.
I don't think that I ought to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I ought to do that.
I don't think that I passed the exam.
I don't think that I passed the test.
I don't think that I realized how much I loved you until we broke up.
I don't think that I realized how much I loved you until you left me.
I don't think that I realized how much I loved you.
I don't think that I really had to do that for Tom.
I don't think that I really had to do that this morning.
I don't think that I really had to do that.
I don't think that I really have a problem.
I don't think that I really have to do that again.
I don't think that I really have to do that anymore.
I don't think that I really have to do that here.
I don't think that I really have to do that now.
I don't think that I really have to do that.
I don't think that I really matter to you.
I don't think that I really need to do that for Tom.
I don't think that I really need to do that today.
I don't think that I really need to do that until Monday.
I don't think that I really need to do that.
I don't think that I really need to read this right away.
I don't think that I really need to read this right now.
I don't think that I really need to read this.
I don't think that I really needed to do that.
I don't think that I really needed to do what I did.
I don't think that I really understand. Could you explain it again?
I don't think that I said any of that.
I don't think that I said that.
I don't think that I should ask Tom to do that for us.
I don't think that I should ask Tom to do that right now.
I don't think that I should ask Tom to do that.
I don't think that I should attend that event.
I don't think that I should be here today.
I don't think that I should be here.
I don't think that I should borrow any more money from Tom.
I don't think that I should borrow any more money.
I don't think that I should buy anything else for Tom.
I don't think that I should buy anything else until after payday.
I don't think that I should buy anything else.
I don't think that I should dance with Tom.
I don't think that I should dance.
I don't think that I should decide until later.
I don't think that I should do that again.
I don't think that I should do that anymore.
I don't think that I should do that by myself.
I don't think that I should do that for Tom.
I don't think that I should do that inside.
I don't think that I should do that today.
I don't think that I should do that with Tom.
I don't think that I should do that.
I don't think that I should eat this.
I don't think that I should go out on a day like this.
I don't think that I should go there by myself.
I don't think that I should go to Australia next summer.
I don't think that I should go to Boston next week.
I don't think that I should help you do that.
I don't think that I should help you.
I don't think that I should let you do that.
I don't think that I should let you drive.
I don't think that I should need to tell Tom to do that again.
I don't think that I should need to tell Tom what to do.
I don't think that I should really do that.
I don't think that I should say anything more.
I don't think that I should show Tom how to do that.
I don't think that I should sing.
I don't think that I should tell Tom I'm going to Boston.
I don't think that I should tell Tom about that.
I don't think that I should tell Tom that I don't know how to do that.
I don't think that I should tell Tom that I'm going to Australia.
I don't think that I should tell Tom that I'm going to Boston.
I don't think that I should tell Tom what I have to do.
I don't think that I should tell you.
I don't think that I should trust Tom anymore.
I don't think that I should trust Tom.
I don't think that I should've done that by myself.
I don't think that I should've done that inside.
I don't think that I should've done that with Tom.
I don't think that I should've done that.
I don't think that I should've left before Tom did.
I don't think that I should've left before Tom.
I don't think that I should've left early.
I don't think that I should've left so early.
I don't think that I snore, but I'm not really sure.
I don't think that I snore.
I don't think that I understand what Tom is trying to do.
I don't think that I understand why Tom is trying to do that.
I don't think that I understand you.
I don't think that I understand.
I don't think that I want that.
I don't think that I want to answer any more of your questions right now.
I don't think that I want to be here.
I don't think that I want to do that by myself.
I don't think that I want to do that here.
I don't think that I want to do that now.
I don't think that I want to do that right now.
I don't think that I want to do that today.
I don't think that I want to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I want to do that with you.
I don't think that I want to do that.
I don't think that I want to eat right now.
I don't think that I want to go rowing with Tom.
I don't think that I want to go there anymore.
I don't think that I want to go to college.
I don't think that I want to go.
I don't think that I want to know what Tom thinks.
I don't think that I want to know.
I don't think that I want to see Tom again.
I don't think that I want to see Tom anymore.
I don't think that I want to study French anymore.
I don't think that I want to study French with you.
I don't think that I want to study French.
I don't think that I want to talk about it.
I don't think that I was aggressive enough.
I don't think that I was disobedient.
I don't think that I was followed.
I don't think that I would do that after dark.
I don't think that I would do that by myself.
I don't think that I would do that here.
I don't think that I would do that with Tom.
I don't think that I would do that.
I don't think that I would enjoy doing that again.
I don't think that I would enjoy doing that by myself.
I don't think that I would enjoy doing that outside in the winter.
I don't think that I would enjoy doing that with Tom.
I don't think that I would enjoy doing that you.
I don't think that I would enjoy doing that.
I don't think that I would have ever said what you say I said.
I don't think that I would've gone there by car.
I don't think that I would've had the courage to do that.
I don't think that I'd agree to that.
I don't think that I'd allow Tom to do that.
I don't think that I'd be able to convince Tom to do that again.
I don't think that I'd be able to convince Tom to do that for us.
I don't think that I'd be able to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that I'd be able to do that without any help.
I don't think that I'd be able to do that without your help.
I don't think that I'd be able to do that.
I don't think that I'd be able to forgive Tom if he did that to me.
I don't think that I'd be able to get Tom to do that again.
I don't think that I'd be able to get Tom to do that.
I don't think that I'd be able to wear something like that to work.
I don't think that I'd be interested in buying any of Tom's paintings.
I don't think that I'd be interested in doing that.
I don't think that I'd be that interested in doing something like that.
I don't think that I'd be that interested in doing that.
I don't think that I'd be that interested.
I don't think that I'd be very good company.
I don't think that I'd change anything.
I don't think that I'd do anything like that.
I don't think that I'd do that by myself.
I don't think that I'd do that here.
I don't think that I'd do that.
I don't think that I'd enjoy doing that by myself.
I don't think that I'd enjoy doing that in the rain.
I don't think that I'd enjoy doing that with Tom.
I don't think that I'd enjoy doing that.
I don't think that I'd enjoy living in Australia.
I don't think that I'd enjoy living in Boston.
I don't think that I'd enjoy playing tennis with Tom.
I don't think that I'd ever be able to do that as fast as Tom does.
I don't think that I'd ever be able to do that.
I don't think that I'd ever do that by myself.
I don't think that I'd ever do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'd ever do that.
I don't think that I'd ever eat dog meat.
I don't think that I'd ever make a mistake like that.
I don't think that I'd ever need to do that.
I don't think that I'd ever want to do that by alone.
I don't think that I'd ever want to do that by myself.
I don't think that I'd ever want to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'd ever want to do that.
I don't think that I'd ever want to live here.
I don't think that I'd ever want to live in Australia.
I don't think that I'd ever want to live in Boston.
I don't think that I'd fit in.
I don't think that I'd have fun doing that.
I don't think that I'd have the courage to do that.
I don't think that I'd kiss Tom.
I don't think that I'd let Tom do that by himself.
I don't think that I'd let Tom do that.
I don't think that I'd like Australia.
I don't think that I'd like Boston.
I don't think that I'd like being married to Tom.
I don't think that I'd like doing that at all.
I don't think that I'd like doing that by myself.
I don't think that I'd like doing that with Tom.
I don't think that I'd like doing that with you.
I don't think that I'd like doing that.
I don't think that I'd like it.
I don't think that I'd like living in Australia.
I don't think that I'd like living in Boston.
I don't think that I'd like living with Tom.
I don't think that I'd like that at all.
I don't think that I'd like to be married to Tom.
I don't think that I'd like to do that with Tom by myself.
I don't think that I'd like to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'd like to do that with you.
I don't think that I'd like to do that.
I don't think that I'd like to live in Australia.
I don't think that I'd like to live in Boston.
I don't think that I'd like you as a friend.
I don't think that I'd make a very good father.
I don't think that I'd make a very good spy.
I don't think that I'd make a very good teacher.
I don't think that I'd mind doing that again.
I don't think that I'd mind doing this again.
I don't think that I'd mind eating Chinese food every day.
I don't think that I'd permit Tom to do that.
I don't think that I'd rule that out.
I don't think that I'd want to date your sister.
I don't think that I'd want to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'd want to do that with you.
I don't think that I'd want to do that.
I don't think that I'll allow Tom to do that by himself.
I don't think that I'll allow Tom to do that today.
I don't think that I'll allow Tom to do that.
I don't think that I'll be able to come tomorrow.
I don't think that I'll be able to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that I'll be able to convince Tom to stop doing that.
I don't think that I'll be able to convince Tom.
I don't think that I'll be able to do that again.
I don't think that I'll be able to do that anymore.
I don't think that I'll be able to do that by myself.
I don't think that I'll be able to do that today.
I don't think that I'll be able to do that.
I don't think that I'll be able to do what I need to do.
I don't think that I'll be able to do what I want to do.
I don't think that I'll be able to do what I wanted to do today.
I don't think that I'll be able to do what Tom wants me to do.
I don't think that I'll be able to do what you want me to do.
I don't think that I'll be able to do what you've asked me to do.
I don't think that I'll be able to eat all this.
I don't think that I'll be able to eat anything else.
I don't think that I'll be able to finish doing this by myself.
I don't think that I'll be able to finish the job by myself.
I don't think that I'll be able to fix it.
I don't think that I'll be able to fix that.
I don't think that I'll be able to get Tom to do that.
I don't think that I'll be able to get in there with Tom.
I don't think that I'll be able to get that done today.
I don't think that I'll be able to get there before 2:30.
I don't think that I'll be able to get there on time.
I don't think that I'll be able to get this stain out.
I don't think that I'll be able to go swimming today.
I don't think that I'll be able to keep Tom from doing that.
I don't think that I'll be able to lift that box.
I don't think that I'll be able to make myself understood in French.
I don't think that I'll be able to pass the examination.
I don't think that I'll be able to pass the test.
I don't think that I'll be able to pay all my bills this month.
I don't think that I'll be able to sleep tonight.
I don't think that I'll be able to solve this problem by myself.
I don't think that I'll be able to talk Tom into doing that.
I don't think that I'll be able to translate this document without your help.
I don't think that I'll be able to understand it.
I don't think that I'll be able to visit you next Monday.
I don't think that I'll be able to win.
I don't think that I'll be allowed to do that again.
I don't think that I'll be allowed to do that anymore.
I don't think that I'll be allowed to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'll be allowed to do that.
I don't think that I'll be alone.
I don't think that I'll be arrested.
I don't think that I'll be as early tomorrow as I was today.
I don't think that I'll be at home this afternoon.
I don't think that I'll be awake when Tom gets home.
I don't think that I'll be awake when you get home.
I don't think that I'll be bored.
I don't think that I'll be busy next week.
I don't think that I'll be cold.
I don't think that I'll be doing that again.
I don't think that I'll be doing that anymore.
I don't think that I'll be doing that anytime soon.
I don't think that I'll be doing that by myself.
I don't think that I'll be doing that this afternoon.
I don't think that I'll be doing that with Tom.
I don't think that I'll be doing that.
I don't think that I'll be early.
I don't think that I'll be finished doing that by 2:30.
I don't think that I'll be here tomorrow.
I don't think that I'll be in Australia next week.
I don't think that I'll be in Australia next winter.
I don't think that I'll be in Boston next week.
I don't think that I'll be in Boston next winter.
I don't think that I'll be in my office on Monday.
I don't think that I'll be in my office tomorrow morning.
I don't think that I'll be late.
I don't think that I'll be lonely anymore, now that you're all here with me.
I don't think that I'll be lonely.
I don't think that I'll be needing anything else.
I don't think that I'll be permitted to do that again.
I don't think that I'll be permitted to do that anymore.
I don't think that I'll be permitted to do that by myself.
I don't think that I'll be permitted to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'll be permitted to do that.
I don't think that I'll be present at today's meeting.
I don't think that I'll be ready to do that until next year.
I don't think that I'll be scared.
I don't think that I'll be the first one to do that.
I don't think that I'll be the last one to do that.
I don't think that I'll be the next one to do that.
I don't think that I'll buy this. It's too expensive.
I don't think that I'll change.
I don't think that I'll cry.
I don't think that I'll dance with Tom.
I don't think that I'll dance.
I don't think that I'll do that again.
I don't think that I'll do that anymore.
I don't think that I'll do that by myself.
I don't think that I'll do that here.
I don't think that I'll do that now.
I don't think that I'll do that today.
I don't think that I'll do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'll do that.
I don't think that I'll enjoy it.
I don't think that I'll ever be able to afford to buy a house.
I don't think that I'll ever be able to do that again.
I don't think that I'll ever be able to do that by myself.
I don't think that I'll ever be able to do that.
I don't think that I'll ever be able to fix that.
I don't think that I'll ever be able to learn how to do that.
I don't think that I'll ever be forgiven for doing that.
I don't think that I'll ever be forgiven.
I don't think that I'll ever be given the chance to do that.
I don't think that I'll ever be happy here.
I don't think that I'll ever do that again.
I don't think that I'll ever do that.
I don't think that I'll ever get married.
I don't think that I'll ever get tired of doing this.
I don't think that I'll ever get used to Korean food.
I don't think that I'll ever get used to doing this.
I don't think that I'll ever get used to this.
I don't think that I'll ever go back to Australia again.
I don't think that I'll ever go back to Boston again.
I don't think that I'll ever meet Tom.
I don't think that I'll ever retire.
I don't think that I'll ever see Tom again.
I don't think that I'll ever sound like a native speaker no matter how much I try.
I don't think that I'll ever sound like a native speaker, and I don't really think I need to.
I don't think that I'll ever sound like a native speaker.
I don't think that I'll ever understand women.
I don't think that I'll ever understand.
I don't think that I'll finish all this work this afternoon.
I don't think that I'll finish this by the end of the week.
I don't think that I'll finish this today.
I don't think that I'll get a chance to do that.
I don't think that I'll get any sleep tonight.
I don't think that I'll get in trouble if I do that.
I don't think that I'll get in trouble.
I don't think that I'll get the job.
I don't think that I'll get there on time.
I don't think that I'll go out today because it's quite cold.
I don't think that I'll go out tonight.
I don't think that I'll go to Australia this year.
I don't think that I'll go to Australia.
I don't think that I'll go to Boston this year.
I don't think that I'll go to Boston.
I don't think that I'll go to Tom's party.
I don't think that I'll go to college.
I don't think that I'll go to work tomorrow.
I don't think that I'll go today.
I don't think that I'll have a chance to do that.
I don't think that I'll have enough time to do everything I want to do.
I don't think that I'll have the time to do that today.
I don't think that I'll have the time to help you today.
I don't think that I'll have time for that anymore.
I don't think that I'll have time to do that today.
I don't think that I'll have time to do that until Monday.
I don't think that I'll have time to do that.
I don't think that I'll have time to help you do that today.
I don't think that I'll have time to help you do that.
I don't think that I'll have time to help you this afternoon.
I don't think that I'll have to do that by myself.
I don't think that I'll have to do that today.
I don't think that I'll have to do that.
I don't think that I'll have to tell Tom to do that again.
I don't think that I'll have too much of a problem with that.
I don't think that I'll have too much trouble doing that.
I don't think that I'll kiss Tom again.
I don't think that I'll kiss Tom anymore.
I don't think that I'll kiss Tom.
I don't think that I'll let Tom do that anymore.
I don't think that I'll let Tom do that by himself.
I don't think that I'll let Tom do that today.
I don't think that I'll let Tom do that.
I don't think that I'll like it.
I don't think that I'll likely do that by myself.
I don't think that I'll likely do that if you don't do it with me.
I don't think that I'll likely do that today.
I don't think that I'll likely do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'll likely do that.
I don't think that I'll lose.
I don't think that I'll make it to school on time.
I don't think that I'll make it to your party.
I don't think that I'll make it.
I don't think that I'll need an umbrella today.
I don't think that I'll need any more help.
I don't think that I'll need to do that again.
I don't think that I'll need to do that today.
I don't think that I'll need to do that.
I don't think that I'll need to say anything.
I don't think that I'll need to tell Tom to do that again.
I don't think that I'll need too much help.
I don't think that I'll need your help today.
I don't think that I'll need your help.
I don't think that I'll pass this exam.
I don't think that I'll permit Tom to do that.
I don't think that I'll play tennis today.
I don't think that I'll sing that song tonight.
I don't think that I'll stay until the end of the concert.
I don't think that I'll tell Tom about this.
I don't think that I'll win again.
I don't think that I'll win.
I don't think that I'm a bad loser.
I don't think that I'm a good athlete.
I don't think that I'm adopted.
I don't think that I'm allowed to do that.
I don't think that I'm allowed to help you do that.
I don't think that I'm allowed to help you.
I don't think that I'm alone.
I don't think that I'm as creative as Tom.
I don't think that I'm being unreasonable.
I don't think that I'm better than Tom.
I don't think that I'm biased.
I don't think that I'm capable of doing that.
I don't think that I'm conceited.
I don't think that I'm cut out for city life.
I don't think that I'm cut out to be captain.
I don't think that I'm doing this right.
I don't think that I'm drunk enough for this.
I don't think that I'm drunk enough to enjoy this kind of music.
I don't think that I'm ever going to be able to do that.
I don't think that I'm fat.
I don't think that I'm going to be able to do that by myself.
I don't think that I'm going to be able to do that without some help.
I don't think that I'm going to be able to do that.
I don't think that I'm going to do that again.
I don't think that I'm going to do that anymore.
I don't think that I'm going to do that anytime soon.
I don't think that I'm going to do that today.
I don't think that I'm going to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'm going to do that.
I don't think that I'm going to like being here.
I don't think that I'm going to like doing that.
I don't think that I'm going to like this party.
I don't think that I'm going to make it.
I don't think that I'm going to resign.
I don't think that I'm going to see Tom today.
I don't think that I'm going to see Tom.
I don't think that I'm handsome.
I don't think that I'm healthy enough to do that.
I don't think that I'm hungry enough to eat all of this.
I don't think that I'm immature.
I don't think that I'm introverted.
I don't think that I'm likely to be fired.
I don't think that I'm materialistic.
I don't think that I'm narrow-minded.
I don't think that I'm needed here any longer.
I don't think that I'm neurotic.
I don't think that I'm overemotional.
I don't think that I'm overreacting.
I don't think that I'm permitted to do that.
I don't think that I'm ready for a relationship.
I don't think that I'm ready for that.
I don't think that I'm ready to do that yet.
I don't think that I'm ready to do that.
I don't think that I'm ready to go yet.
I don't think that I'm ready to leave yet.
I don't think that I'm ready to leave.
I don't think that I'm ready.
I don't think that I'm really ready to do that.
I don't think that I'm smart enough to get into Harvard.
I don't think that I'm strong enough to do that.
I don't think that I'm stubborn.
I don't think that I'm supposed to be here.
I don't think that I'm that much of a complainer.
I don't think that I'm the best person for the job.
I don't think that I'm the best. I know that I am.
I don't think that I'm the only one here who speaks French.
I don't think that I'm the only one who noticed.
I don't think that I'm the only one who's worried about Tom.
I don't think that I'm the only one who's worried about that.
I don't think that I'm the only one who's worried about what Tom might do.
I don't think that I'm the only one who's worried.
I don't think that I'm the person that you're looking for.
I don't think that I'm the person you're looking for.
I don't think that I'm the problem.
I don't think that I'm the right person for the job.
I don't think that I'm ugly.
I don't think that I'm unapproachable.
I don't think that I'm unbeatable.
I don't think that I'm unimaginative.
I don't think that I'm uninteresting.
I don't think that I'm unlucky.
I don't think that I'm up to the job.
I don't think that I'm very charismatic.
I don't think that I'm very funny.
I don't think that I'm very lucky.
I don't think that I'm very petty.
I don't think that I'm very pretty.
I don't think that I'm very talented.
I don't think that I'm wrong.
I don't think that I've bought everything I need.
I don't think that I've bought everything that I need.
I don't think that I've broken any laws.
I don't think that I've broken any rules.
I don't think that I've changed all that much.
I don't think that I've changed so much.
I don't think that I've done anything I wasn't supposed to do.
I don't think that I've done anything illegal.
I don't think that I've done anything wrong.
I don't think that I've ever been fooled before.
I don't think that I've ever been happier.
I don't think that I've ever been here before.
I don't think that I've ever been so frightened.
I don't think that I've ever been so happy.
I don't think that I've ever been this busy.
I don't think that I've ever been this close to falling in love.
I don't think that I've ever been this happy.
I don't think that I've ever done anything that would cause my parents to want to punish me.
I don't think that I've ever done that by myself.
I don't think that I've ever done that.
I don't think that I've ever eaten anything that you would consider disgusting.
I don't think that I've ever eaten anything you would consider disgusting.
I don't think that I've ever eaten dog meat.
I don't think that I've ever hated anybody so much.
I don't think that I've ever hated anyone so much.
I don't think that I've ever heard Tom complain about Mary's cooking.
I don't think that I've ever heard Tom complain about anything.
I don't think that I've ever heard Tom complain about the weather.
I don't think that I've ever heard Tom complain.
I don't think that I've ever heard Tom laugh.
I don't think that I've ever heard Tom sing.
I don't think that I've ever heard either Tom or Mary complain about anything.
I don't think that I've ever heard of anyone named Tom.
I don't think that I've ever heard that joke before.
I don't think that I've ever heard this song before.
I don't think that I've ever heard you complain about anything.
I don't think that I've ever heard you complain about the weather.
I don't think that I've ever heard you play guitar before.
I don't think that I've ever hugged Tom.
I don't think that I've ever lied to Tom.
I don't think that I've ever made any serious mistakes.
I don't think that I've ever met Tom.
I don't think that I've ever met anybody like you.
I don't think that I've ever met anybody who knows how to do that.
I don't think that I've ever met anyone like you.
I don't think that I've ever met anyone who knows how to do that.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom cry.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom dancing.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom do that by himself.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom do that.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom doing that.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom here before.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom riding a unicycle.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom smile.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom this angry before.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom with Mary.
I don't think that I've ever seen anybody do that before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anybody doing that before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anybody try doing that before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anybody try it before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anyone do that before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anyone doing that before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anyone try doing that before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anyone try it before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anything so beautiful.
I don't think that I've ever seen them before.
I don't think that I've ever seen you do that by yourself.
I don't think that I've ever seen you do that.
I don't think that I've ever seen you so busy.
I don't think that I've ever seen you so happy.
I don't think that I've ever seen you so upset.
I don't think that I've ever seen you this busy before.
I don't think that I've ever seen you this drunk before.
I don't think that I've ever seen you this happy before.
I don't think that I've forgotten anything.
I don't think that I've forgotten to buy anything.
I don't think that I've forgotten to do anything.
I don't think that I've got much choice.
I don't think that I've heard that word in a long time.
I don't think that I've made enough spaghetti for everybody.
I don't think that I've made enough spaghetti for everyone.
I don't think that I've mellowed.
I don't think that I've seen you around here before.
I don't think that I've seen you before.
I don't think that I've seen you here before.
I don't think that I've slept enough.
I don't think that Mary did her homework by herself.
I don't think that Mary has fallen in love.
I don't think that Mary is as beautiful as her older sister.
I don't think that Mary is as pretty as Alice.
I don't think that Mary is as pretty as her sister.
I don't think that Mary is beautiful.
I don't think that Mary is pretty.
I don't think that Mary looks like a mother.
I don't think that Mary looks like her mother.
I don't think that Mary will be happy living with her mother-in-law.
I don't think that Mary would ever leave her husband.
I don't think that Mary would leave her husband.
I don't think that TV will ever take the place of books.
I don't think that Tom actually did his homework by himself.
I don't think that Tom actually said that.
I don't think that Tom actually understands.
I don't think that Tom agreed to do that.
I don't think that Tom agrees with you.
I don't think that Tom always does that that way.
I don't think that Tom always does that.
I don't think that Tom and I are getting anywhere.
I don't think that Tom and I are going to make it.
I don't think that Tom and I can do that by ourselves.
I don't think that Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
I don't think that Tom and I'll see each other again.
I don't think that Tom and John are brothers.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are at home.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are brother and sister.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are busy.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are divorced.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are engaged.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are ever going to be friends.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are ever going to get married.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are going to be happy about that.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are happy.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are having fun.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are hungry.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are in Boston.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are like that.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are married anymore.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are married to each other.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are married.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are plumbers.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are related.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are right.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are so strange.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are the ones who did that.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are tired.
I don't think that Tom and Mary did their homework by themselves.
I don't think that Tom and Mary go swimming together anymore.
I don't think that Tom and Mary go swimming together.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have anything in common.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have ever done that together.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have ever done that.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have ever gone swimming together.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have ever kissed each other.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have ever played tennis together.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have ever traveled together.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have finished doing that yet.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have finished doing that.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have many free weekends.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have much in common.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have to work on Monday.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have to work on October 20th.
I don't think that Tom and Mary know each other.
I don't think that Tom and Mary like each other very much.
I don't think that Tom and Mary recognized each other.
I don't think that Tom and Mary should get married.
I don't think that Tom and Mary were busy.
I don't think that Tom and Mary were having fun.
I don't think that Tom and Mary were hiding.
I don't think that Tom and Mary were hungry.
I don't think that Tom and Mary were in Boston last week.
I don't think that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
I don't think that Tom and Mary were the ones who stole my bicycle.
I don't think that Tom and Mary will ever get back together.
I don't think that Tom and Mary will ever get married.
I don't think that Tom and Mary will get married anytime soon.
I don't think that Tom and Mary will get married.
I don't think that Tom ate all the bananas.
I don't think that Tom ate anything at all.
I don't think that Tom ate anything.
I don't think that Tom believed me.
I don't think that Tom believed us.
I don't think that Tom bought anything at the mall today.
I don't think that Tom bought anything today.
I don't think that Tom bought anything.
I don't think that Tom can actually do that.
I don't think that Tom can afford to buy a car yet.
I don't think that Tom can afford to buy a car.
I don't think that Tom can afford to buy any car.
I don't think that Tom can afford to buy the car he wants.
I don't think that Tom can be left alone.
I don't think that Tom can convince Mary that she's wrong.
I don't think that Tom can convince Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom can convince Mary to stay.
I don't think that Tom can convince Mary to stop doing that.
I don't think that Tom can dance.
I don't think that Tom can deal with the situation by himself.
I don't think that Tom can deal with the situation.
I don't think that Tom can do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom can do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom can do that today.
I don't think that Tom can do that without Mary's help.
I don't think that Tom can do that without my help.
I don't think that Tom can do that without our help.
I don't think that Tom can do that without some help.
I don't think that Tom can do that.
I don't think that Tom can do what you've asked him to do.
I don't think that Tom can find the time to do that.
I don't think that Tom can finish the job alone.
I don't think that Tom can finish the job by himself.
I don't think that Tom can handle it.
I don't think that Tom can handle the truth.
I don't think that Tom can hear Mary.
I don't think that Tom can hear me.
I don't think that Tom can hear us.
I don't think that Tom can hear very well.
I don't think that Tom can hear what we're saying.
I don't think that Tom can help us do that.
I don't think that Tom can help us now.
I don't think that Tom can help us today.
I don't think that Tom can help us with this.
I don't think that Tom can help us.
I don't think that Tom can help you do that today.
I don't think that Tom can help you now.
I don't think that Tom can help you with that.
I don't think that Tom can help you.
I don't think that Tom can play golf very well.
I don't think that Tom can play the trumpet.
I don't think that Tom can play the violin as well as Mary can.
I don't think that Tom can play the violin as well as Mary.
I don't think that Tom can qualify.
I don't think that Tom can really do that.
I don't think that Tom can speak French.
I don't think that Tom can speak any French.
I don't think that Tom can stop Mary from doing that.
I don't think that Tom can stop me from doing that.
I don't think that Tom can swim.
I don't think that Tom can take care of himself.
I don't think that Tom can teach French.
I don't think that Tom can understand French.
I don't think that Tom can wait any longer.
I don't think that Tom can wait.
I don't think that Tom can walk without a cane.
I don't think that Tom can win.
I don't think that Tom cared about that.
I don't think that Tom cared.
I don't think that Tom cares about me.
I don't think that Tom cares about that.
I don't think that Tom cares very much.
I don't think that Tom cares what happens.
I don't think that Tom cares what we do.
I don't think that Tom cares what you do.
I don't think that Tom cares where he sleeps.
I don't think that Tom cares who comes to his party.
I don't think that Tom cares why you did that.
I don't think that Tom cares.
I don't think that Tom complained about that.
I don't think that Tom complained.
I don't think that Tom could actually do that.
I don't think that Tom could do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom could do that even if he tried.
I don't think that Tom could do that without some help.
I don't think that Tom could do that.
I don't think that Tom could do this as well as you.
I don't think that Tom could ever do that.
I don't think that Tom could get Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom could handle the pressure.
I don't think that Tom could handle the truth.
I don't think that Tom could hear Mary singing.
I don't think that Tom could hear what you were saying.
I don't think that Tom could see what was going on.
I don't think that Tom could see what was happening.
I don't think that Tom could've done that any better.
I don't think that Tom could've done that without Mary's help.
I don't think that Tom could've done that without some help.
I don't think that Tom could've done that.
I don't think that Tom deserves the promotion.
I don't think that Tom did anything about the problem.
I don't think that Tom did anything with it.
I don't think that Tom did anything wrong.
I don't think that Tom did anything.
I don't think that Tom did his homework by himself.
I don't think that Tom did it.
I don't think that Tom did that correctly.
I don't think that Tom did that intentionally.
I don't think that Tom did that on purpose.
I don't think that Tom did that right.
I don't think that Tom did that tonight.
I don't think that Tom did that.
I don't think that Tom did this.
I don't think that Tom did what Mary said he did.
I don't think that Tom did what he said he did.
I don't think that Tom did what he was supposed to do.
I don't think that Tom did what you said he did.
I don't think that Tom did what you say he did.
I don't think that Tom did what you think he did.
I don't think that Tom did what you think that he did.
I don't think that Tom does that anymore.
I don't think that Tom does that as well as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom does that as well as Mary.
I don't think that Tom does that very often.
I don't think that Tom does that.
I don't think that Tom drank anything.
I don't think that Tom eats pork.
I don't think that Tom enjoyed doing that.
I don't think that Tom enjoyed the concert.
I don't think that Tom enjoyed the movie.
I don't think that Tom enjoys being here.
I don't think that Tom enjoys bowling.
I don't think that Tom enjoys doing that.
I don't think that Tom enjoys hanging out with us.
I don't think that Tom enjoys hiking.
I don't think that Tom enjoys swimming.
I don't think that Tom even has an umbrella.
I don't think that Tom even knows my name.
I don't think that Tom even knows where he is.
I don't think that Tom even noticed that.
I don't think that Tom even saw me.
I don't think that Tom ever considered doing that.
I don't think that Tom ever did that.
I don't think that Tom ever does that.
I don't think that Tom ever gets anywhere on time.
I don't think that Tom ever really loved me.
I don't think that Tom ever talked to Mary.
I don't think that Tom ever used to do that.
I don't think that Tom expected me to do that.
I don't think that Tom expected me to win.
I don't think that Tom expected that to happen.
I don't think that Tom expected you to do that.
I don't think that Tom feels the same way you do.
I don't think that Tom feels the same way.
I don't think that Tom got much sleep last night.
I don't think that Tom got that for free.
I don't think that Tom had anything to do with the bank robbery.
I don't think that Tom had anything to do with what happened.
I don't think that Tom had to do that, but he did it anyway.
I don't think that Tom had to do that.
I don't think that Tom has a brother.
I don't think that Tom has a car.
I don't think that Tom has a criminal record.
I don't think that Tom has a dog.
I don't think that Tom has a driver's license.
I don't think that Tom has a full-time job.
I don't think that Tom has a girlfriend now.
I don't think that Tom has a girlfriend.
I don't think that Tom has a graduate degree.
I don't think that Tom has a leg to stand on.
I don't think that Tom has a lot of money.
I don't think that Tom has a lot of teaching experience.
I don't think that Tom has a microwave oven.
I don't think that Tom has a steady girlfriend.
I don't think that Tom has a whole lot of time.
I don't think that Tom has actually done that.
I don't think that Tom has an umbrella.
I don't think that Tom has any bad habits.
I don't think that Tom has any brothers or sisters.
I don't think that Tom has any brothers.
I don't think that Tom has any chance of winning.
I don't think that Tom has any children.
I don't think that Tom has any classes today.
I don't think that Tom has any enemies.
I don't think that Tom has any experience doing that.
I don't think that Tom has any experience.
I don't think that Tom has any friends here except Mary.
I don't think that Tom has any friends here in Australia.
I don't think that Tom has any friends here in Boston.
I don't think that Tom has any friends his own age.
I don't think that Tom has any friends living in Boston.
I don't think that Tom has any friends to talk to.
I don't think that Tom has any friends who do that.
I don't think that Tom has any friends who like mountain climbing.
I don't think that Tom has any friends who speak French.
I don't think that Tom has any friends.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what Mary has done.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what Mary has to do tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what Mary has to do.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what Mary is doing.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what Mary will do.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what happened.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what has to be done.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what he should be doing.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what needs to be done.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what should be done.
I don't think that Tom has any idea where Mary is now.
I don't think that Tom has any idea where Mary is.
I don't think that Tom has any idea why that happened.
I don't think that Tom has any intention of backing down.
I don't think that Tom has any intention of doing that.
I don't think that Tom has any interest in sports at all.
I don't think that Tom has any money left.
I don't think that Tom has any plans for Monday.
I don't think that Tom has any plans for tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has any teaching experience.
I don't think that Tom has any ulterior motives.
I don't think that Tom has anybody to help him.
I don't think that Tom has anyone to help him.
I don't think that Tom has anything in his bag.
I don't think that Tom has anything to worry about.
I don't think that Tom has as many books as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom has as many friends as I do.
I don't think that Tom has as many friends as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom has as many friends as Mary.
I don't think that Tom has as many stamps as I do.
I don't think that Tom has as much experience as I do.
I don't think that Tom has as much free time as I do.
I don't think that Tom has as much money as I do.
I don't think that Tom has as much money as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom has as much patience as I do.
I don't think that Tom has as much patience as you.
I don't think that Tom has as much time as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom has been disloyal.
I don't think that Tom has been doing what he's supposed to be doing.
I don't think that Tom has broken any rules yet.
I don't think that Tom has broken any rules.
I don't think that Tom has died yet.
I don't think that Tom has done anything he wasn't supposed to do.
I don't think that Tom has done that as many times as I have.
I don't think that Tom has done that as many times as Mary has.
I don't think that Tom has done that as many times as Mary.
I don't think that Tom has done that before.
I don't think that Tom has done that yet.
I don't think that Tom has enough experience.
I don't think that Tom has enough money to buy a new car.
I don't think that Tom has enough money to buy a ticket.
I don't think that Tom has enough money to buy everything he needs.
I don't think that Tom has enough money to buy that.
I don't think that Tom has enough money to retire yet.
I don't think that Tom has enough time to do that.
I don't think that Tom has enough time to write the report today.
I don't think that Tom has ever been a bartender.
I don't think that Tom has ever been happy here.
I don't think that Tom has ever been here before.
I don't think that Tom has ever been in love.
I don't think that Tom has ever been to Australia.
I don't think that Tom has ever been to Boston.
I don't think that Tom has ever done that before.
I don't think that Tom has ever done that by himself.
I don't think that Tom has ever done that.
I don't think that Tom has ever had a girlfriend.
I don't think that Tom has ever seen one of these before.
I don't think that Tom has ever seen this before.
I don't think that Tom has ever skinned a wolf.
I don't think that Tom has ever studied French.
I don't think that Tom has ever talked to Mary.
I don't think that Tom has ever visited Australia.
I don't think that Tom has ever visited Boston.
I don't think that Tom has everything he needs.
I don't think that Tom has everything he wants.
I don't think that Tom has flood insurance.
I don't think that Tom has gotten around to doing that yet.
I don't think that Tom has health insurance.
I don't think that Tom has his phone on him.
I don't think that Tom has many friends here.
I don't think that Tom has many weekends off.
I don't think that Tom has met Mary yet.
I don't think that Tom has met either of Mary's sisters.
I don't think that Tom has much experience doing that.
I don't think that Tom has much experience in teaching.
I don't think that Tom has much experience.
I don't think that Tom has much free time.
