Felix let Amelia know about that.
Felix let go of Sandra a little.
Felix let the dogs into the apartment.
Felix lied down beside Amelia.
Felix lifted the window and looked out, but couldn't see anything.
Felix liked watching storms when they began rolling in.
Felix listed his PS3 for sale on Craigslist.
Felix lived in a cabin.
Felix lived in a real impoverished area.
Felix lived in a very nice area of Algiers.
Felix lived in an old apartment.
Felix lived on a dairy farm.
Felix lived pretty much his whole life in a shack.
Felix lived so far out into the hills.
Felix lives a couple away from us.
Felix lives about twenty-four miles away.
Felix lives five blocks away.
Felix lives in a private building.
Felix lives in a relatively big apartment.
Felix lives in a small town in southern Algeria.
Felix lives in a very quiet and scenic area.
Felix lives in the community, too.
Felix locked up the back door.
Felix looked all around with a flashlight.
Felix looked at the tiny rock.
Felix looked back and didn't see Amelia anymore.
Felix looked into the living room.
Felix looked like he loved Amelia's dog.
Felix looked like he was searching for something.
Felix looked out the window, trying to see what was going on.
Felix looked outside the window.
Felix looked over at Amelia's house.
Felix looked very annoyed.
Felix lost his life in that location due to an accident.
Felix loved watching the storm from his window.
Felix made a fifty minute detour to avoid the traffic jam.
Felix made a quick stop at Walmart.
Felix made it out of the mountains safely.
Felix made sure everything was locked.
Felix made that seem like a bad thing.
Felix managed to get his truck fully repaired and drivable again.
Felix managed to push Sandra's torso into the truck.
Felix may have something to do with that.
Felix met another camper named Ziri, from Algeria.
Felix might be waiting down the road.
Felix might have done something like that if he could.
Felix might need an ambulance.
Felix missed that road.
Felix molested several girls in our town.
Felix moved closer and closer to the shack.
Felix must be playing a prank on Sandra.
Felix nearly sprinted to his truck.
Felix needed a place to stay.
Felix needed some corn leaves.
Felix needed to enter the forest.
Felix needed to piss bad.
Felix needed to stop and get his camp set up.
Felix needs to go meet a friend.
Felix never drives dirt roads.
Felix never felt he was in any danger.
Felix never got a call this time of the night before.
Felix never got the chance to talk to Sandra.
Felix never heard a thing.
Felix never kept anything expensive in that room.
Felix never stays home alone.
Felix never told anyone else about it.
Felix never went back to that area after work again.
Felix noticed Amelia's nervousness.
Felix noticed Sandra at another table.
Felix noticed a man standing under his porch light.
Felix now lives with his wife on that peaceful road.
Felix offered to come keep Sandra company.
Felix only had two bedrooms.
Felix only saw five cars on his way there.
Felix opened his eyes to see a man standing over him.
Felix opened the bag to see what was inside.
Felix opened the front door again.
Felix opened the outside door.
Felix owned a beach condo.
Felix owns more land.
Felix paid the cleaning lady.
Felix panicked and hung up.
Felix parked by the windowed front of the building.
Felix passed Amelia's boat.
Felix passed by without a single word said.
Felix passed the parked car.
Felix paused the music.
Felix picked up his face.
Felix picked up his girlfriend from her house.
Felix picked up, but didn't recognize the voice.
Felix planned to go down to the farm.
Felix played games on his phone.
Felix pointed the flashlight right in there.
Felix poked fun at Amelia and John.
Felix politely declined again and went back to talking to his girlfriend.
Felix probably made the best decision to remain quiet in his tent.
Felix pulled into the parking spot as quickly as he could.
Felix pumped his gas.
Felix put extra locks on the doors.
Felix put his things in the living room.
Felix put the truck in drive.
Felix quickly lounged up at Amelia.
Felix ran and jumped into his bed.
Felix ran into a field where the police car couldn't follow him.
Felix ran to the payphone.
Felix reached the end of that road.
Felix read his book by the fire.
Felix realized he was definitely not alone in that place.
Felix realized how isolated and vulnerable he was to the dangers of the desert.
Felix realized that he had made a wrong turn somewhere along the way.
Felix remained there, glaring at Sandra.
Felix remembers the whole night.
Felix rented a small cabin nestled deep in the mountains.
Felix resumed talking with his friend.
Felix returned home for something.
Felix rolled up his window and drove off.
Felix rushed back to his truck.
Felix rushed back to the truck.
Felix said he couldn't drive.
Felix said he was lost and stranded.
Felix said he would leave Sandra alone.
Felix said something in Berber.
Felix said something that kind of creeped Sandra out.
Felix sat Sandra down in a booth and gave her a cup of coffee for free.
Felix sat in silence for a few moments.
Felix sat in the rocking chair.
Felix sat in the truck, waiting and waiting.
Felix sat next to his sleeping son.
Felix sat outside.
Felix saw Amelia come outside.
Felix saw Sandra through the window.
Felix saw Sandra walking back.
Felix saw Sandra's car stop behind his truck.
Felix saw Sandra's irrational reaction.
Felix saw a boat with its lights off.
Felix saw a creature unlike anything he had seen before.
Felix saw a figure in the middle of the road.
Felix saw a set of footprints in the snow.
Felix saw a truck pull up next to him.
Felix saw a white van with tinted windows parked on the side of the road.
Felix saw a witch peeking out from behind the shelves.
Felix saw footprints in the snow.
Felix saw headlights approaching on the other side.
Felix saw in a black raincoat.
Felix saw someone crouching in the grass, smiling.
Felix saw something crawling towards him.
Felix saw something moving outside.
Felix saw something on the porch.
Felix saw something that he didn't expect.
Felix saw that truck a few weeks later.
Felix saw the little house sitting on the top of a hill.
Felix saw the outline of a massive grizzly bear.
Felix saw there was already a group of campers in the clearing.
Felix saw we were gone.
Felix scanned the treeline surrounding him.
Felix scanned the treeline with his flashlight.
Felix searched for any sign of civilization.
Felix seemed not to take notice of Amelia.
Felix set off on his journey.
Felix set up camp on a beach with scenic views.
Felix shone his light out into the grass.
Felix slept in the guest bedroom.
Felix slowed down and lowered the window.
Felix slowed down and pulled onto the side.
Felix slowly started walking to the phone booth.
Felix smelt an awful and indescribable smell.
Felix smelt the disgusting sickening smell of death.
Felix smiled as he opened the door.
Felix smiled at the two guys, thinking they were friendly locals, but they didn't smile back and just continued walking.
Felix sped off towards his house.
Felix sped up and ran Sandra off the road into a ditch.
Felix spent the rest of the night texting his friends.
Felix spent time in that mountain range.
Felix spoke English with a very strong accent of some sort.
Felix spoke a language that Sandra didn't recognize.
Felix spoke in a strange accent Amelia didn't recognize.
Felix started begging for help.
Felix started calling Sandra all sorts of names.
Felix started coming across strange symbols in the forest.
Felix started frantically explaining what was going on between his sobs.
Felix started listing off personal information about Amelia.
Felix started pounding on the glass even harder.
Felix started talking right away.
Felix started the truck, put it in drive, then floored it.
Felix started to chase after the truck.
Felix started to circle around Sandra's truck.
Felix started to get a bit mad.
Felix started to have a little bit of a panic attack.
Felix started to hear loud footsteps.
Felix started to run as fast as he could.
Felix started to struggle.
Felix started to walk after Sandra's family.
Felix started trying the door handles.
Felix started walking to the van.
Felix started waving his hands frantically.
Felix stayed at the camp.
Felix stayed close to Sandra.
Felix stayed there in the bathroom.
Felix stayed up very late, tending to the fire.
Felix still couldn't see Amelia's face.
Felix still doesn't know how something like could even happen.
Felix still doesn't know if the police truly believed him or not.
Felix still doesn't know who that Amelia was.
Felix still has to work.
Felix still hasn't seen anything.
Felix still heard Amelia scream.
Felix still suffer major pain.
Felix stood completely motionless.
Felix stopped and looked at Amelia as she passed.
Felix stopped at a gas station at the junction.
Felix stopped being scared of things like that.
Felix stopped in his tracks.
Felix stopped on the side of the road.
Felix stopped speaking to Sandra unless he had to.
Felix studied TikTok's marketing tricks.
Felix stumbled across a duffel bag in the middle of the woods.
Felix stuttered out he was being followed.
Felix submitted a claim.
Felix suddenly broke the silence saying: "I can see you, Amelia."
Felix survived a bear attack.
Felix swerved off the road and crashed into a nearby cactus.
Felix talked about the trip to Mila.
Felix talked to his boss.
Felix thought he would lose Sandra.
Felix thought it was just a prank call.
Felix thought that Sandra was overexaggerating.
Felix tied to ignore Sandra as she stood there, watching him.
Felix told Amelia about his jetski.
Felix told Amelia he was going there for the weekend.
Felix told Amelia that he was married.
Felix told Amelia to get her parents to call the police.
Felix told Amelia to get out of there before the police arrived.
Felix told Amelia to remain calm and give him everything she had.
Felix told Amelia what had happened.
Felix told Amelia's husband what she said.
Felix told Sandra that he was being followed.
Felix told everyone to get inside.
Felix told the cop what had just happened.
Felix told the girl if she was someone named Sandra.
Felix told the police about that strange encounter.
Felix told the police he was just there to fix the AC.
Felix told us this story countless times at family gatherings.
Felix took Sandra to the nearest police station.
Felix took a trip to the mountains.
Felix took another fancy bath.
Felix took his jetski out.
Felix took that trail, too.
Felix traced retracing his steps, but he soon got lost.
Felix tried calling his manager with no response.
Felix tried his best to calm Sandra down.
Felix tried not to think much of it.
Felix tried one more time to drive, but the same thing happened again.
Felix tried to back away slowly.
Felix tried to brush it off initially.
Felix tried to diagnose the problem.
Felix tried to forget about it.
Felix tried to free himself from the wreckage of his car.
Felix tried to lock Sandra in.
Felix tried to open the door himself.
Felix tried to open the door, but it was locked.
Felix tried to push Sandra into the truck.
Felix tried to put that story behind him.
Felix tried to stab Amelia in her own house, in her own bedroom.
Felix turned around to help Amelia up.
Felix turned the door knob and the door opened normally.
Felix turned the water back on.
Felix unleashed his dog on his stalker.
Felix unpacked his things.
Felix uploaded the video to TikTok.
Felix used that key to get in.
Felix used the tow truck's phone to call Amelia.
Felix uses TikTok more.
Felix usually leaves at five.
Felix visited an abandoned mine.
Felix visited his brother in the late fall.
Felix visited the creepy abandoned structure.
Felix waited for the cops to show off.
Felix walked Sandra to the building.
Felix walked all the streets in the area.
Felix walked back into his room.
Felix walked over to Sandra and asked her if she was alright.
Felix walked to the laundry room.
Felix wandered too far away.
Felix wanted to catch Amelia alone.
Felix wanted to check the canal out.
Felix wanted to escape for the weekend.
Felix wanted to go outside.
Felix wanted to have a weekend of snowboarding.
Felix wanted to put a curse on Amelia.
Felix wanted to visit the haunted cabin in the mountains.
Felix wanted to walk to the pier.
Felix was Caucasian and in his mid forties.
Felix was a bit more freaked out.
Felix was a bit younger than Amelia.
Felix was a little bit late.
Felix was a troubled kid.
Felix was able to pass the CCTV footage on to the police.
Felix was absolutely silent when he saw that thing.
Felix was alone at the campsite.
Felix was already on the island.
Felix was already well out of the city.
Felix was always home alone.
Felix was an avid hiker.
Felix was an extremely tall man.
Felix was an only child.
Felix was awake around that time.
Felix was banned from ever using the app again.
Felix was being followed.
Felix was being genuine.
Felix was being pulled into the darkness by an unseen force.
Felix was being relentless.
Felix was bigger and stronger than Sandra.
Felix was boating about his feats.
Felix was booking it straight in the direction of Amelia's screams.
Felix was calling for Amelia.
Felix was clearly mentally unstable.
Felix was clutching a knife and praying.
Felix was coming upstairs.
Felix was completely emaciated.
Felix was completely unfamiliar to Sandra.
Felix was constantly anxious.
Felix was convinced it was his imagination.
Felix was cooking breakfast in the kitchen.
Felix was creeped out by those female voices in the woods.
Felix was cruising the streets to find girls.
Felix was crying and sobbing.
Felix was doing some homework.
Felix was down in the dining room.
Felix was dressed in a really wild way.
Felix was dressed in tattered clothing.
Felix was driving at a crawl.
Felix was driving from Algiers to Blida.
Felix was driving home from work.
Felix was driving on a quiet and dark road.
Felix was driving on an unpaved one-laned path.
Felix was driving through an unknown road.
Felix was driving through the winding roads of Tizi-Ouzou, Algeria.
Felix was driving up a gravel road.
Felix was eager to find a spot to set up his tent before it was too dark.
Felix was eventually able to free himself of the dog and run down the street.
Felix was filling gas into his truck.
Felix was floating next to an island.
Felix was folding up laundry.
Felix was following Amelia back.
Felix was frying doughnuts.
Felix was genuinely married.
Felix was giving Amelia way too much information.
Felix was going somewhere.
Felix was going to bring friends.
Felix was going to leave quickly.
Felix was granted the ability to leave early.
Felix was greeted with a man's voice.
Felix was groaning in pain.
Felix was hanging out with his best friend who was a few years younger than him.
Felix was having a panic attack.
Felix was having a very good read.
Felix was having some problems with the AC.
Felix was hearing female voices in the woods.
Felix was hiding in darkness.
Felix was hiding something.
Felix was hiking a narrow trail.
Felix was hiking in the Blida Atlas Mountains.
Felix was hiking just fifty kilometers south of Algiers.
Felix was hiking with his dog.
Felix was holding his leg.
Felix was holding the only flashlight we had.
Felix was home alone by himself.
Felix was homeless and just wanted a place to stay.
Felix was hunched over with his back to us.
Felix was in a trenchcoat.
Felix was in his basement bedroom.
Felix was in his early forties.
Felix was in his early teens.
Felix was in his part of the lake.
Felix was injured in an accident.
Felix was just a couple feet away.
Felix was just as creeped out as Amelia was.
Felix was just playing a trick on Sandra.
Felix was leisurely walking by.
Felix was living in the crawlspace underneath Amelia's house.
Felix was looking forward to earing the fish.
Felix was looking towards the cabin.
Felix was lost in the mountains.
Felix was lucky to be alive.
Felix was lying in bed, trying to fall asleep.
Felix was making his way back towards the main highway.
Felix was making the doughnuts.
Felix was moaning in pain.
Felix was much more familiar with that road.
Felix was nearly forty miles away.
Felix was never home alone again.
Felix was not allowed to cross the street without adults.
Felix was not alone in the darkness.
Felix was not going to help Amelia in any way.
Felix was not home as much as Amelia was.
Felix was not with us.
Felix was often driving back and forth from Algiers and Blida for work.
Felix was on Sandra's porch.
Felix was on the phone with a friend of his.
Felix was out of breath.
Felix was pacing back and forth on the porch.
Felix was placed in a psychiatric hospital.
Felix was playing a joke on Amelia.
Felix was playing some fucked-up prank on Amelia.
Felix was playing with Amelia's son.
Felix was prepared to have a very good time.
Felix was pumping gas.
Felix was reading a book in his tub.
Felix was reading an article.
Felix was ready to confront John.
Felix was really into Amelia.
Felix was really scared of all those noises in the dark.
Felix was renting the room with his fiancee.
Felix was scared of what was under the bed.
Felix was screaming and kicking and wiggling.
Felix was sitting on the ground, near his fire.
Felix was sitting there, in a booth.
Felix was sleeping in his bedroom.
Felix was smashing that door like it was going to fall down.
Felix was so deep in a secluded area.
Felix was so outwardly creepy and weird.
Felix was standing close to the door.
Felix was standing on the side of the road.
Felix was standing right up against the door.
Felix was standing there, not moving.
Felix was still at the gas station.
Felix was still crouching.
Felix was still in a sleepy daze.
Felix was still in his early forties.
Felix was sympathetic at first.
Felix was taking a long time to read Sandra's messages.
Felix was taking a very long bath.
Felix was taking his usual route home.
Felix was tall and muscular.
Felix was the black sheep of the family.
Felix was the one who saw the dead body.
Felix was there alone.
Felix was there in a matter of minutes.
Felix was there, frozen in fear.
Felix was too curious about Amelia.
Felix was too scare to go down into the basement.
Felix was too scared to say anything at all.
Felix was trying to find a place to change his tire.
Felix was trying to find a way out.
Felix was trying to finish up his eating as fast as possible.
Felix was trying to fleece Amelia out of money.
Felix was trying to get Amelia to pick up the phone.
Felix was trying to get in.
Felix was trying to get into Amelia's truck.
Felix was trying to trick Amelia to open the door.
Felix was used to being left home alone at a very young age.
Felix was used to taking women to his house.
Felix was used to the dark.
Felix was vague answering Amelia's questions.
Felix was very afraid.
Felix was very fascinated with Amelia.
Felix was visiting his brother upstate New York.
Felix was waiting for the police to arrive.
Felix was waiting in the living room.
Felix was walking alone in the dark.
Felix was walking by Amelia's house.
Felix was walking down the gravel road.
Felix was walking into a trap.
Felix was walking with a knife in his hand.
Felix was washing his jetski.
Felix was wearing a dirty jacket and jeans.
Felix was wearing a hat covering his face.
Felix was wearing a white t-shirt and white pants.
Felix was worked up and his kids were scared.
Felix was working all alone.
Felix was working on a report on his laptop.
Felix was yanking at Sandra's jacket.
Felix wasn't even drunk.
Felix watched Amelia the whole time.
Felix watched a bunch of movies.
Felix watched five episodes of Game of Thrones.
Felix watched the lightning and listened to the thunder.
Felix watched the storm.
Felix weighed his options.
Felix went around the building.
Felix went back into the woods to never be seen or heard again.
Felix went back to Amelia's house to spend some time with her.
Felix went back to his room to shower.
Felix went down into that basement all by himself.
Felix went down into the basement on a dare.
Felix went down the stairs in the dark.
Felix went from room to room.
Felix went in and locked the door.
Felix went into his bedroom and settled in to read a good book.
Felix went on a trip to the Blida Atlas Mountains.
Felix went out of time five times a month.
Felix went out to the living room.
Felix went right where he left the key.
Felix went silent for a few seconds.
Felix went still and waited for a moment, carefully listening to that strange noise.
Felix went the other way.
Felix went to Amelia's mansion in the mountains and it was a gorgeous drive.
Felix went to a psychic to help him revert that curse.
Felix went to bed without brushing his teeth.
Felix went to see a psychic.
Felix went to see if anyone really was down there.
Felix went too slowly.
Felix went up to the house in the dark.
Felix whispered to Sandra to open the door.
Felix will be going with Amelia.
Felix will have Sandra all to himself.
Felix will have to walk past the laundry room to get to the garage.
Felix will never be the same again.
Felix will not be coming home until tomorrow.
Felix will take Sandra where she needs to go.
Felix wished he had taken a picture of the bird.
Felix woke up his dad.
Felix woke up the twins.
Felix woke up to a loud banging around five.
Felix wore big boots.
Felix worked for the department of natural resources.
Felix works at a retail store.
Felix works remotely.
Felix works second shift.
Felix would sometimes go down into the basement.
Felix would spend all day on that beach.
Felix would surely be able to spot Sandra if he looks hard enough.
Felix yelled and the line went dead.
Felix yelled back as loud as he could.
Felix yelled for everyone to get inside.
Felix's German Shepherd bit Amelia hard on her wrist.
Felix's airway was obstructed.
Felix's animals were acting up.
Felix's apartment was haunted by something beyond human understanding.
Felix's apartment was so big.
Felix's boat can fit five people comfortable.
Felix's boat was the only boat on duty.
Felix's cabin has a wood-burning stove.
Felix's car disappeared completely.
Felix's car was a Hyundai Accent.
Felix's car was parked at the stop sign.
Felix's dairy farm was closed down.
Felix's dairy farm was surrounded by agricultural fields.
Felix's dog began howling crazily.
Felix's dog scared the robber out.
Felix's dog started barking downstairs in the middle of the night.
Felix's door only has one lock.
Felix's engine was overheating again.
Felix's feet were bleeding.
Felix's home is very isolated.
Felix's house is by the beach.
Felix's house is the last house on the canal.
Felix's house was across the street from me.
Felix's house was surrounded by woods.
Felix's lawyer got him full and fair compensation.
Felix's mansion had an unfinished basement.
Felix's math teacher was nicknamed "Mr Nightmare."
Felix's neighborhood was pretty safe.
Felix's parents were both working parents.
Felix's phone began ringing.
Felix's priority was to get a fire going.
Felix's reaction was never really a surprise.
Felix's scream sounded like it was partially muffled.
Felix's town is pretty quiet and boring.
Felix's truck came screeching to a halt.
Felix's truck stopped in the middle of the tunnel.
Felix's voice was shaky and raspy.
Felix's voice was weak and he knew nobody could hear him.
Felix's week of relaxation turned into a week of nightmares.
Felixb and Amelia ate, then went back to her house to spend some time together.
Fellas! Wait!
Fellow countrymen, I must confess to you that countries don't really exist.
Female black widows are much bigger than males.
Female circumcision can cause labial adhesions.
Female driver, constant danger.
Female drivers are a constant danger.
Female dung beetles lay their eggs in dung.
Female employment rates are rising in India.
Female giraffes know how to use their hooves when it comes to defending their calves.
Female hormone imbalance is a major cause of infertility.
Female kangaroos carry their young in their pouches.
Female mayors are more than twice as likely as males to experience psychological abuse and almost three times as likely to experience physical violence.
Female sexuality is more complicated than male sexuality.
Female spiders are larger than male spiders.
Female students outnumber male students on campus.
Female students slightly outnumber male students.
Female writers also gained unprecedented influence during this time.
Females are attracted to mysterious men.
Females are attracted to mysterious people.
Females created the universe. Males are just the worker caste of the simplest form of eusociality.
Females feed on squid in the mesopelagic zone, which is below 650 feet, it is surmised to avoid their predators.
Females use their dense network of alliances to gang up against males.
Femdom is short for Female Domination.
Feminine hygiene products are expensive.
Feminine logic is not always logical.
Femininity is a construct influenced by a variety of social and cultural factors.
Feminism doesn't mean excluding men, it's about being more inclusive of women and - in this case - acknowledging the role they can play in tackling climate change.
Feminism is about giving women a choice; feminism is not a stick to beat other women with. It’s about freedom, it’s about liberation, it’s about equality.
Feminism is disgusting.
Feminism is wonderful!
Feminists believe in the political, social, and economic equality of all genders.
Feminists come in all shapes and sizes: they can be women, they can be men, they can be neither, they can be black, they can be white, and they can be so much more.
Feminists have no sense of humour.
Feminists instigate women against men.
Feminists thinks all men are rapists.
Fennec foxes are cute.
Fentanyl largely enters Canada from the U.S., rather than the other way around.
Fentanyl pills are more palatable to middle-class Americans than heroin.
Fenway Park is home to the Boston Red Sox.
Feral cats pose a major threat to wildlife.
Feral cats threaten the survival of over 100 native species in Australia.
Feral hogs are a serious problem in the American South.
Feral horses, like the Chincoteague ponies in the US, all came from domesticated stock.
Ferdinand won't give the speech because he's got a cough.
Ferhat Mehenni is the president of Kabylia.
Feringa, a professor in organic chemistry at the University of Groningen in the Netherlands, was able to develop a molecular motor in 1999 that used a molecular rotator blade to spin continuously in the same direction.
Fermat was a great amateur mathematician.
Fermat's Last Theorem was finally proven by English mathematician Andrew Wiles in 1994.
Fermentation plays a crucial role in the production of black tea.
Fermented foods like miso and natto are good for your health.
Fern is a pink owl with purple eyes and a violet bow.
Fernando is faster than you. Can you confirm you understand that message?
Fernando told me I can't swim.
Fernando won the lottery and bought himself a car.
Ferns won't grow in such a dry place.
Fernão Lopes was a Portuguese historian.
Ferrari is the only company that has raced every season of Formula One since the series began in 1950.
Ferraris are expensive.
Ferrets are playful and curious.
Ferrier carried the bag of gold and notes, Jefferson Hope had the scanty provisions and water, while Lucy had a small bundle containing a few of her more valued possessions.
Ferries, freighters and fishing and tour boats are part of the tableau that often makes living by the sea postcard-pretty and desirable.
Ferromagnetic materials can be magnetized.
Fertile soil is indispensable for a good harvest.
Fertile soil is indispensable for agriculture.
Fertilized roundworm eggs are deposited in the soil from human feces. If someone ingests these eggs, they hatch in the intestine.
Fertilizers help plants grow.
Feta cheese and cojita are both crumbly.
Feta cheese has a lot of salt.
Feta cheese is crumbly.
Feta cheese is high in salt.
Fetch another chair.
Fetch everything that's at your place.
Fetch fresh grass for the livestock.
Fetch it and put it on the fire.
Fetch it from the loft.
Fetch lacquer from the port when it stops raining.
Fetch me a brandy.
Fetch me a glass of water.
Fetch me my hat.
Fetch me some milk.
Fetch me that book on the table.
Fetch the money here.
Fetch them all, without exception.
Fetch!
Fetuses aren't people.
Fever Ray is the alias of which singer?
Fever and constant coughing weakened the old lady.
Fever flushed his cheeks.
Fever has come upon me.
Fever indicates sickness.
Fever is one of the body's defence mechanisms.
Few Algerians bring cash to banks.
Few Hollywood movies were set in Algeria.
Few Indians live in Japan.
Few Japanese can use English well.
Few Ph.D. holders who graduated 15 years ago changed jobs recently, and most found their current jobs within three years of graduating.
Few animals, with the exception of insects, can digest the leaves and wood of conifers.
Few are determined to think, although everyone is determined to be right.
Few are interested in translating my Portuguese phrases into other languages. So I try to do some translations myself. And I have been fortunate enough to find goodwill in some collaborators, who correct my mistakes.
Few are so evil as to not offer any good.
Few are the women who understand her.
Few are the women who understand them.
Few are the women who understand you.
Few are those who know how to speak.
Few are those who understand it.
Few are those who understand them.
Few are those who understand you.
Few believed in the possibility of success.
Few believed it could be done so quickly.
Few believed it could be done, yet here we are.
Few believed it could be done, yet they did.
Few believed it could be done.
Few believed it could end this way.
Few believed it was possible at first.
Few believed it was possible, yet here we are.
Few believed it would be possible.
Few believed it would end this way.
Few believed it would happen so quickly.
Few believed they could succeed, yet they did.
Few books of this character have come to my attention.
Few boys are dainty about their food.
Few can believe that suffering, especially by others, is in vain. Anything that is disagreeable must surely have beneficial economic effects.
Few can claim to know the future.
Few children have come to school today.
Few children were in the room.
Few dare tell them the truth.
Few dared to challenge the status quo.
Few dared to dream as big as they did.
Few dared to question the decision.
Few dared to speak the truth.
Few desire this state of affairs.
Few doubt she is the author.
Few elephants would volunteer to move to Europe.
Few expected things to unfold this way.
Few farms had electricity.
Few fields have been more filled with hype than artificial intelligence.
Few flowers develop into fruit.
Few girls can even speak to him.
Few girls were late for school.
Few governments can manage the economy successfully.
Few had the courage to ask.
Few had the courage to speak up.
Few have ever dared to ask.
Few have so competent proofreaders for all their phrases on Tatoeba.
Few have the courage to admit they’re wrong.
Few have the courage to stand alone.
Few have the patience to wait so long.
Few heroes have changed the world's destiny.
Few historical debates have inflamed passions as much as the debate concerning Slavisation of Greece between the 7th and 9th centuries.
Few if any snakebites are reported, since snakes with any sense about them avoid pathways, but some pet dogs accompanying hikers have been bitten while nosing around in the brush.
Few images conjure the 1930s Depression like people standing in soup lines while farmers dump food they can’t sell.
Few insects reach the level of complexity as ants and termites.
Few journalists have managed to convey the full horror of the situation.
Few knew his name.
Few know the benefits of kefir.
Few know the truth of the matter.
Few know this feeling as well as I do.
Few languages have audio-visual isomorphism.
Few live for a hundred years.
Few live to be a hundred years old.
Few live to be a hundred.
Few men have direct access to the president.
Few men know how to be old.
Few minds were changed.
Few modern people know how to make a bone fire.
Few natural phenomena have so enchanted and puzzled men in all ages as the migration of birds.
Few of her friends live in Kyoto.
Few of my friends have two cars.
Few of the trippers called in at the ghost town of New York.
Few of us can easily surrender our belief that society must somehow make sense. The thought that the state has lost its mind and is punishing so many innocent people is intolerable. And so the evidence has to be internally denied.
Few opportunities like this come again.
Few opportunities like this come around twice.
Few opportunities like this come twice.
Few passengers got injured in the accident.
Few passengers survived the accident.
Few passengers survived the catastrophe.
Few people anticipated such a rapid change.
Few people anticipated such a swift change.
Few people are able to understand his theories.
Few people are free from cares.
Few people are free of care.
Few people are on a first name basis with the president.
Few people attended the meeting.
Few people came to the lecture.
Few people can afford to do things like this.
Few people can buy such an expensive car.
Few people can describe the flags of Iraq, Afghanistan, or Kosovo, despite the constant appearance of these countries in international news.
Few people can realize their faults.
Few people can run the machine as well as Mr Smith.
Few people can speak English better than Sachiko.
Few people can speak a foreign language perfectly.
Few people can type using all fingers.
Few people confess their faults.
Few people dare to say the truth.
Few people dared to speak the truth.
Few people die away at the approach of winter.
Few people do that here in the winter.
Few people expected Tom to win.
Few people expected him to win.
Few people expected such a rapid outcome.
Few people get knocked down and run over in the pedestrian precincts which have been created in most city centres.
Few people have a typewriter.
Few people have perfect pitch.
Few people have two cars.
Few people have typewriters.
Few people imagine that there were still people dying of hunger in Sweden or Norway, now considered among the most prosperous nations, only a century ago.
Few people in that area speak Berber.
Few people know about it.
Few people know about the plan.
Few people know anything about the plan.
Few people know each other well.
Few people know how to do it.
Few people know how to do that.
Few people know how to turn an enemy's weapon against him.
Few people know how to use an enemy's weapon against him.
Few people know it exists.
Few people know of its existence.
Few people know that Mr. Itsumi is from Kansai.
Few people know the true meaning.
Few people know this fishing spot.
Few people know what the word "hipster" means.
Few people know where you are.
Few people like this.
Few people live on the island.
Few people live to be 100 years old.
Few people live to be a hundred years old.
Few people live to be a hundred.
Few people live to be more than a hundred.
Few people live to be ninety years old.
Few people live to be one hundred years old.
Few people live to more than ninety years old.
Few people live to the age of a hundred.
Few people manage to live to the age of one hundred.
Few people noticed her absence from the party.
Few people own a horse.
Few people reach old age.
Few people realize it, but it's true.
Few people realize the importance of timing.
Few people saw it coming.
Few people seem to have read the book.
Few people speak French here.
Few people speak French there.
Few people speak Spanish there.
Few people speak Toki Pona.
Few people speak my language.
Few people stay here longer than a month or two.
Few people take the trouble to read all the terms and conditions of a contract before signing it.
Few people tell the truth.
Few people think like this.
Few people think more than two or three times a year; I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week.
Few people think so.
Few people translate my sentences.
Few people truly understand the stakes.
Few people understand that.
Few people understand the real meaning of life.
Few people understood his comment.
Few people use an abacus these days.
Few people visit me these days.
Few people weave their own fabric on a loom these days.
Few people were as prepared as they were.
Few people were at the beach, because it was raining.
Few people were killed in the car accident.
Few people will admit their faults.
Few people would have acted as they did.
Few people would subject themselves to it unless they absolutely had to.
Few people would’ve reacted so calmly.
Few people, if any, could survive a nuclear war.
Few people, we're sure, have ever seen carved eggshells. These have no relationship to eggs that are painted or decorated with gems or other jewels, like Faberge's famous eggs, which weren't even eggs. One artist in the Washington D.C. area is delicately sculpting on eggshells. Her eggshells are seen frequently in local art galleries. Our reporter spent time with Tina Kannapel and her cats — mostly not walking on eggshells.
Few politicians admit their mistakes.
Few pupils can read Latin.
Few pupils understand Latin.
Few reach the age of one hundred.
Few regional analysts doubt that he will now use the failed coup to strengthen his presidential powers and to cleanse not only the military but other institutions suspected of harboring opponents.
Few rich men own their own property.
Few roads existed in North America at that time.
Few saw it coming until it was too late.
Few scientists understand the theory of relativity.
Few sentences mention the word "fig" at Tatoeba.
Few servants obey their masters so well as the goats obeyed Daphnis's pipe.
Few students are interested in reading this novel.
Few students are interested in the game next Saturday.
Few students attended the meeting.
Few students can read Latin.
Few students could understand what he said.
Few students knew his name.
Few students know how to read Latin.
Few students passed the exam.
Few students understand Latin.
Few students use pencils these days.
Few teachers do that.
Few things are as certain as change.
Few things are as certain as they seem.
Few things are as clear as they seem.
Few things are as complicated as they seem.
Few things are as simple as they appear.
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
Few things are more dangerous than organized ignorance.
Few things are more enraging to me than the sight of an animal being beaten.
Few things bring as much pleasure as music.
Few things bring us so much joy as music.
Few things can compare to the joy on your child's face as they open their Christmas presents.
Few things can match the unmitigated fury of child preachers.
Few things give us as much pleasure as music.
Few things in Avonlea ever escaped Mrs. Lynde.
Few things in life are as simple as they seem.
Few think like her.
Few tourists come here.
Few townsmen know which sacred day is which.
Few treasures are worth as much as a friend who is wise and helpful.
Few treasures are worth as much as a friend.
Few understand how much you need to know to realize how little you actually know.
Few understood the full impact of the decision.
Few understood the full implications of the plan.
Few understood the gravity of the situation.
Few understood the magnitude of the decision.
Few understood the real risk.
Few understood the risks involved.
Few understood the significance of their actions.
Few visitors could see him.
Few were at the seaside because it was raining.
Few wish for this condition.
Few women know how to make rugs.
Few words show men wise.
Few would deny the impossibility of failing to misunderstand a pentuple negative.
Few would have the nerve to do it. Well done.
Few, if any, Americans grasped the significance of what had been accomplished.
Few, if any, passengers survived the crash.
Few, if any, will criticize him.
Fewer and fewer Poles want to work as strawberry pickers.
Fewer and fewer people are working to support more and more people living on government benefits.
Fewer graphics and more captions would make the description clearer.
Fewer people came than we were expecting.
Fewer people came today than yesterday.
Fewer people come here every year.
Fewer people have come to wear hats after the war.
Fewer students study German today than before.
Fewer teenagers are working nowadays.
Fewer trains run at night.
Fewer workers meant fewer people with money to buy goods.
Fewer young people know how to write in longhand.
Fiber-optic cables are made up of tiny glass fibers which are as thin as human hairs.
Fiber-optic cables are the lifelines for connecting Internet users on different continents. This latest project is part of a surge in new transpacific cable construction projects, driven primarily by increasing demand in Asia.
Fiberglass doesn't rust.
Fibonacci numbers show up occasionally in nature.
Fibonacci spirals can be found on pine cones.
Fibre-optic cables can carry huge amounts of information.
Fickle rabble.
Fiction and reality are starting to blur.
Fiction is as old as fairy tales and myths.
Fiction is good for imagining thought.
Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities. Truth isn't.
Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities. Truth isn’t.
Fiction novels sell better than reality. In fact, reality doesn't sell at all.
Fiction novels sell better than reality. In fact, reality doesn’t sell at all.
Fiction reveals truth that reality obscures.
Fictional stories, such as in fantasy genre and sci-fi genre, are not "lying." They are literary and cinematic art forms. Ancient peoples such the Australian Aborigines and Red Indians transmitted oral traditional animistic stories from one generation to another. The line between reality and irreality became blurred. The Japanese have a wider scope than Westerners about reality, irreality, and "betwixt."
Fiddlesticks!
Fidel Castro survived countless assassination attempts.
Fidel is a natural in bed.
Fidel is a natural leader in bed.
Fidel is very creative in bed.
Fidget spinners are popular with students.
Fido's a weird name for a cat.
Fido, come!
Fido, do you want a treat?
Fido, down!
Fido, heel!
Fido, place.
Fido, you shouldn't be on the bed! Get in your basket.
Field hockey is not very popular in China.
Field with eyes, forest with ears.
Fields and forests are Maria's favourite places.
Fierce Juno's hatred rankles in her breast; / the two-faced house, the double tongues of Tyre / she fears, and with the night returns unrest.
Fierce wind blew rain into my eyes.
Fifteen hundred migrants stormed the Channel Tunnel.
Fifteen hundred works of art were found in an apartment.
Fifteen is not a prime number.
Fifteen milliard euros must be saved over the course of the next four years.
Fifteen million Americans visit Europe each year.
Fifteen minutes ago it was half past two.
Fifteen minutes have passed.
Fifteen minutes passed.
Fifteen more minutes and I'll be out of here.
Fifteen more minutes and I’ll be out of here.
Fifteen or twenty paces ahead of me, an animal dashed across the road. I just managed to brake in time.
Fifteen people were killed or injured in the accident.
Fifteen people were struck by lightning at a music festival in France.
Fifteen per cent of the housing will be affordable, so that low-income families will be able to buy or rent homes in the area.
Fifteen thousand million euros must be saved over the course of the next four years.
Fifteen times five equals seventy-five.
Fifteen to 20 percent of hospital rooms were cleaned using the UV robots. Anderson said the devices were used in rooms where it was suspected that superbugs lurked. These rooms included intensive care units and rooms where patients had been treated for drug-resistant bacterial infections.
Fifteen tons of oil were spilled into the sea.
Fifteen years have passed since we went there last.
Fifteen-thousand years ago, ocean levels were much lower.
Fifteen-year-old Kyla Ross of California is the youngest member of the American Olympic gymnastics team. She says that going to the twenty-twelve Summer Games is like a dream come true. But, as we hear from Bob Doughty, getting to London means she has had to work harder than most girls her age.
Fifteen-year-old Tunisian student Meriam Touzi developed a water conservation unit inspired by a household mishap, when her mother wasted water by leaving a tap on.
Fifth Avenue is an elegant street.
Fifth Harmony is an amazing girl group.
Fifthly, I just forgot what the first four things were.
Fifty brave knights were ready for the great battle.
Fifty families live in this tiny village.
Fifty marathon participants sought medical help.
Fifty of the machines are running at the present time.
Fifty participants in the marathon sought medical help.
Fifty people can ride on the bus.
Fifty percent of a chimpanzee's diet is figs.
Fifty persons can be accommodated for tea.
Fifty times as big as any other.
Fifty years after the first Moon landing people still don't know how to land on the Moon.
Fifty years ago anyone could have bought the land.
Fifty years ago when these books were first written that was a much more allegorical message and now it's something that looks really cool.
Fifty years ago, astronauts left Earth orbit for the first time and looked back at our “blue marble.”
Fifty years ago, on April 22, 1970, people around the world marked the first Earth Day.
Fifty years ago, on April 22, 1970, people around the world marked the first Earth Day. Thousands gathered to raise awareness about the importance of protecting our beautiful planet for future generations.
Fifty years ago, the first humans landed on the moon.
Fifty years ago, the streets of Leningrad taught me one thing: if a fight is inevitable, you have to strike first.
Fifty years and not one bit quieter.
Fifty-eight flood warnings have been issued.
Fifty-eight percent of the French are homeowners.
Fifty-fifty?
Fifty-five people died in the violence.
Fifty-four percent of people who’ve worked from home this past year feel overworked, and 39% say they’re downright exhausted.
Fifty-four years ago, Katherine Johnson did the behind-the-scenes math to put a man in orbit. Today, almost 60 women have blasted into space themselves.
Fifty-two people were present at the first meeting.
Fifty-two per cent of British women prefer chocolate to sex.
Fifty-two sailors were on board the Minerve when it vanished in January 1968.
Fifty. Take it or leave it.
Fig fruits are a good source of magnesium.
Fig jam is easy to make.
Fig latex can burn your mouth.
Fig latex can burn your skin if it's exposed to sunlight.
Fig latex can burn your skin.
Fig latex can irritate your skin.
Fig latex causes a burning sensation in the mouth.
Fig marmalade can be stored for a long time.
Fig marmalade is very easy to make.
Fig tree are pollinated by insects.
Fig trees are easy to care for.
Fig trees are native to the Mediterranean and the Middle East.
Fig trees have big leaves.
Fig trees have large leaves.
Fig trees have thick foliage.
Fig wasps lay their eggs in male figs.
Figaro invited us to his marriage, but we were late and when we arrived everyone had left a long time ago.
Figaro invited us to his wedding, but when we arrived everyone had already left.
Fight and you are sure to win!
Fight back against the oppression of the ruling elite.
Fight back!
Fight fire with fire.
Fight for your dreams!
Fight for your freedom!
Fight for your love.
Fight for your own freedom!
Fight for your right.
Fight like a man!
Fight like a man.
Fight like men.
Fight me!
Fight me.
Fight oppression, claim your freedom.
Fight or die.
Fight or flight.
Fight the illness.
Fight until the end!
Fight with all your might.
Fight with me!
Fight with us.
Fight your own battles.
Fight – you'll overcome!
Fight!
Fight.
Fighter jets were ordered into the air.
Fighter jets were scrambled to intercept an airliner that deviated from its flight path.
Fighter pilots are equipped with an anti-g suit.
Fighting and screaming don't solve anything.
Fighting back is difficult.
Fighting between the Polisario Front and Morocco continues to this day.
Fighting between the Sahrawi People’s Liberation Army and Morocco's occupation forces has intensified.
Fighting continues.
Fighting corruption in Algeria isn't really that complicated.
Fighting for change is our moral duty.
Fighting games are dangerous for children.
Fighting is a way to solve problems.
Fighting is good.
Fighting is not a solution.
Fighting is not permitted in the War Room.
Fighting is stupid.
Fighting isn't gonna help.
Fighting isn't my style.
Fighting over disagreements only makes things worse.
Fighting poverty is the answer.
Fighting the Great Dragon is very difficult as its claws have massive hitboxes.
Fighting the fading light he continued to count their names.
Fighting the flu usually consists of using predictive research to create a vaccine that fights the strains of the disease most likely to show up. But scientists around the world are closing in on a universal vaccine that takes the guesswork out of the fight.
Fighting was going on in the trenches.
Fighting with monsters all over the world ... I just can't wait.
Fighting with monsters all over the world ... I just can’t wait.
Fighting with your friends can really hurt your feelings.
Fighting won't settle anything.
Fighting won’t settle anything.
Fighting yourself is the hardest war; defeating yourself is the most beautiful victory.
Fights are an everyday occurrence here.
Fights between male giraffes can be fierce.
Figs are Yanni's favorite fruit.
Figs are a delicious appetizer.
Figs are a good source of minerals.
Figs are a really sweet fruit.
Figs are a valued food.
Figs are delicious fruits.
Figs are delicious.
Figs are even good for your memory.
Figs are even mentioned in the Quran.
Figs are good for bone density.
Figs are good for constipation.
Figs are good for diet-related constipation.
Figs are good for health.
Figs are good for healthy bones.
Figs are good for kidney-stone problems.
Figs are good for morning sickness.
Figs are great to eat fresh.
Figs are grown commercially in Algeria.
Figs are healthy and appetizing.
Figs are healthy.
Figs are mentioned in the Quran and the Bible.
Figs are more versatile than you might think.
Figs are native to the Middle East and North Africa.
Figs are not even fruits. They are flowers.
Figs are one of my favorite fruits.
Figs are pollinated by fig wasps.
Figs are recommended for constipation conditions.
Figs are recommended for constipation problems.
Figs are so fragile when they're ripe.
Figs are soft.
Figs are sweet.
Figs are tasty fruits.
Figs are very delicate.
Figs are very expensive here.
Figs are very expensive in Algiers.
Figs are very expensive right now.
Figs are very popular in Kabylie, Algeria.
Figs are very satisfying to the appetite.
Figs can cure constipation without any drugs.
Figs come in lot of different colors.
Figs contain a good amount of potassium.
Figs contain components that have antioxidant properties.
Figs contain dietary fiber.
Figs contain dietary fibre.
Figs contain fibers.
Figs contain magnesium.
Figs contain some minerals.
Figs contain vitamins.
Figs decrease the risk of osteoporosis.
Figs deteriorate really fast.
Figs grow well all around Algeria.
Figs have a pink or red flesh.
Figs have a soft texture flesh.
Figs have a somewhat weird texture.
Figs have a very high sugar content.
Figs have an iron content that helps to prevent anemia.
Figs have anti-aging properties.
Figs have crunchy seeds.
Figs have lots of calories.
Figs have so many health benefits that you can call them miraculous.
Figs have the highest sugar content out of any other fruit on the planet.
Figs have thick skin.
Figs help to balance blood sugar.
Figs help to build strong bones in children.
Figs help to control high blood pressure.
Figs help to prevent diabetes.
Figs help you feel full for a long period of time.
Figs improve digestion.
Figs improve sexual performance.
Figs improve the antioxidant activity of your body.
Figs improve your night's sleep.
Figs provide laxative effects.
Figs reduce high-blood pressure.
Figs reduce hypertension.
Figs reduce stress.
Figs reduce the risk of heart attacks.
Figs should be consumed at the peak of ripeness.
Figs stimulate immune response.
Figuratively speaking, of course.
Figure it out by yourselves.
Figure it out yourself.
Figure it out.
Figure out a way to let her come.
Figure out how to survive in that environment.
Figure out the problem and you'll be able to come up with a solution.
Figure out what needs to be done.
Figure out your own problems!
Figure seven shows all the parts of the motor.
Figure skater Yuna Kim lit the Olympic cauldron, officially opening the 2018 Pyeongchang Olympic Winter Games.
Figure up how much it amounts to.
Figured it's the least I could do.
Figures do not lie. Liars make use of figures.
Figures increasingly show that the more we crack down on drug use, the more drug addicts there are.
Figures of saints are decorated and people are hated.
Figures of speech are tools well employed by writers in any literary genre.
Figuring a way to make a dollar comes ahead of thinking about how to do the job better.
Fiji apples are too sweet for me.
Fiji became independent in 1970 after nearly a century as a British colony.
Fiji is called "Viti" in Fijian.
Filby became pensive.
Filby became pensive. “Clearly,” the Time Traveller proceeded, “any real body must have extension in four directions: it must have Length, Breadth, Thickness, and—Duration. But through a natural infirmity of the flesh, which I will explain to you in a moment, we incline to overlook this fact. There are really four dimensions, three which we call the three planes of Space, and a fourth, Time. There is, however, a tendency to draw an unreal distinction between the former three dimensions and the latter, because it happens that our consciousness moves intermittently in one direction along the latter from the beginning to the end of our lives.”
File a police report!
File download completed.
File it!
File not found.
Filiberto died by drowning during a bath in the ocean.
Filiberto has fled to Acapulco.
Filiberto has not shown a very brave character.
Filiberto has two lives.
Filiberto is a man who is more than forty years old.
Filiberto just lost his job.
Filiberto lives in a very large apartment in a city we're not familiar with.
Filiberto lives in a very large apartment in a city we’re not familiar with.
Filipino culture as it pertains to the indigenous language is highly aural-oral. It's not just Tagalog, as there are regional and local languages, as well. English as fizzy faddish words is part of the common code-switching of the masses, whilst Spanish loanwords sit in feeling at home in the stew. It's a linguistic hodgepodge. Most just enjoy long hours of chitchat or watching television, videos, or cinema commonly in the indigenous language. English sounds and text don't really appeal to the masses, but English is a hesitantly established piece of furniture, useful for understanding the outside world. Filipinos generally are not known as avid readers, except for elite people maybe entrenched in the margins of the Anglosphere. Literature in the indigenous language is still relatively scarce.
Filipino culture is highly aural-oral when it comes to the indigenous language. Older generations, with greater Americanization, tend to write in English, when they have to write. However, texting on cellphones is often done in clipped Tagalog. Tagalog needs more literature. The translation to Tagalog of Kirsten Nimwey's fantasy book The Explorers impresses me. But the vastness and sophistication of the literature of Tagalog's southern brother, Indonesian, really outdo Tagalog's. Being aural-oral, Tagalog-users emphasize television, film, and videos.
Filipinos and Mexicans are something like Orientals.
Filipinos are not like Swiss.
Filipinos call themselves "Pinoy".
Filipinos don't believe in language purity, as they mix languages, typically Tagalog and English, freely, this code-switching being called Taglish. Tagalog proper is already full of Spanish loanwords and borrowings from other languages, like Hokkien. The Philippines is under the American sphere of influence, and code-switching is how Filipinos deal with modernization. Tagalog has an "old attic" of vintage words, with which modern Filipinos are less familiar, but which are still in common use in rural areas and with old folk.
Filipinos should write more about science in Filipino.
Fill a glass with water.
Fill her up with regular. I am paying cash.
Fill her up with regular. I'll be paying in cash.
Fill her up.
Fill in the application.
Fill in the blanks with suitable words.
Fill in the blanks.
Fill in the form using a ballpoint pen.
Fill in the form with a ballpoint pen.
Fill in the missing commas.
Fill in the missing punctuation marks.
Fill in the questionnaire.
Fill in this application form and send it at once.
Fill in this form, please, Sir.
Fill in this form, please.
Fill in this form.
Fill in your name and address here.
Fill in your name and address.
Fill in.
Fill it in, please.
Fill it up, please.
Fill it up.
Fill it with regular, please.
Fill it, please.
Fill it.
Fill me in.
Fill out the application form.
Fill out the application.
Fill out the form below.
Fill out the form in ballpoint.
Fill out the form with accurate information.
Fill out the form.
Fill out the questionnaire.
Fill out the registration card, please.
Fill out the registration form.
Fill out this form, please.
Fill out this form.
Fill out this registration card, please.
Fill the blanks with suitable words.
Fill the bottle to the top so as to exclude all air.
Fill the bottle with oil, please.
Fill the bottle with water.
Fill the bucket up with sand.
Fill the bucket up with water.
Fill the bucket up.
Fill the bucket with water.
Fill the car up.
Fill the flower vase with water.
Fill the form in completely.
Fill the glass to the brim.
Fill the jars with water.
Fill the pot with water.
Fill the samovar with water.
Fill the sink with warm, soapy water.
Fill the tires with air.
Fill this bottle with water.
Fill this form in, please.
Fill this out, please.
Fill this out.
Fill up the bucket.
Fill up the ditch.
Fill up the tank.
Fill up this pail with water.
Fill up this pitcher with water.
Fill up this water bottle, please!
Fill up your canteen.
Fill your mind up with beliefs that are serving you.
Filled with anger, Tom killed his own brother.
Filled with sorrow, the girl looked him in the eye.
Filling out all these forms is a pain in the neck.
Filling out this questionnaire should only take a few minutes of your time.
Filloa is a traditional Galician dessert.
Film as much as you can.
Film as much as you want.
Film director Tom Jackson's new film is called "The God, the Good and a Goat".
Film is one of the three universal languages, the other two: mathematics and music.
Film the police.
Film the whole thing.
Film this.
Filming of the second scene has started.
Filmmaker Ryan Coogler has created a contemporary African superhero in a dazzling $200 million film that pays homage to African culture.
Filo pastry is very elastic and has a low fat content.
Filter navigation items.
Filtered back projection is an analytic reconstruction algorithm designed to overcome the limitations of conventional back projection.
Filters are actions which can be applied to variables in a template to alter the output.
Filters stop emission of gas into the atmosphere.
Filth and money lie close together.
Filth breeds illnesses.
Filthy spider!
Final Fantasy VI was the best Final Fantasy game.
Final Fantasy is not a film, but a videogame.
Final Fantasy is not a movie, but a videogame.
Final exams are coming up, so I'm busy.
Final exams are two weeks from now.
Finally I can drop out!
Finally I can get off!
Finally I can go to bed.
Finally I decided I'm going to go to Algeria.
Finally I finished my task.
Finally I found the answer to my question.
Finally I found the answer to the question.
Finally I had an ingenious idea.
Finally I have contributed 10,000 sentences, in various languages, to Tatoeba.
Finally I have time to reply to the mail I received these three weeks.
Finally I passed the outer gates.
Finally I uncovered the truth.
Finally I was able to get the meaning across.
Finally I would like to say: thank you and have a good trip home.
Finally a horse I picked came first.
Finally dawn broke; the long night had ended.
Finally discovered in 2009, Thompson Square’s self-titled debut album has just been released and is receiving many positive reviews.
Finally free, Yanni headed for Algiers.
Finally he decided he was going to move to Algeria.
Finally he invited all and sundry to partake of the cake and all.
Finally he is not smart.
Finally he lost his temper.
Finally he moved away.
Finally he showed his true colours.
Finally he was there.
Finally he's doing something sensible.
Finally he's here.
Finally her true talent revealed itself in that painting.
Finally it moved.
Finally it must be added, that if the ophthalmoscopic estimation of refraction is to be exact, mydriasis by atropine is required, when, as is known, even emmetropic eyes may show a slight degree of hypermetropia.
Finally it was Tom's turn at the counter. He put his errand on the table and fished around in his pocket, ready for the inevitable question. As soon as the cashier saw the beverages, he droned out the protocol "ID?", and Tom nervously flashed him his wallet, not daring to make eye contact. Inside it was his homemade driver's license, identifying him as 30 year-old John Jackson from Boston, Massachusetts.
Finally it was on September 30th 1846 that the chemical ether was used for the first time as a medical anesthetic.
Finally it was time to head for home.
Finally it's Friday.
Finally it's here.
Finally my dream is coming true.
Finally my luck is turning.
Finally one useful suggestion!
Finally she attained a position of power.
Finally she gave in to temptation and ate the whole cake.
Finally she's here.
Finally spring has arrived in this part of Japan.
Finally stop playing hide-and-seek.
Finally the children saw a little orchard in the middle of the mountain with apple trees growing inside it.
Finally the president is arrested.
Finally the snow melted.
Finally the sun is shining again!
Finally they are not smart.
Finally they both fell asleep.
Finally they gave in to their enemy.
Finally we are out of Algeria.
Finally we arrive at a gold mining town, hidden in a valley between tall mountains.
Finally we arrived at the lake.
Finally we decided to ask the teacher for advice.
Finally we have found you!
Finally we have learned the truth.
Finally we'll succeed.
Finally we're getting somewhere.
Finally we're home!
Finally winter starts.
Finally you were able to answer my calls.
Finally you're doing things the proper way.
Finally!
Finally! you said something!
Finally, Boldi turned around.
Finally, Damiano and Rima kissed for the first time.
Finally, Damiano reunited with his sister.
Finally, Edmundo found a light switch and turned it on.
Finally, Fadil had enough.
Finally, Felix relented and walked away.
Finally, Fyodor got into the truck.
Finally, I can see the ocean.
Finally, I didn't understand whether tea is good or bad for our health.
Finally, I do not think it's a good idea.
Finally, I fell asleep.
Finally, I finished a painting.
Finally, I found a job.
Finally, I found him.
Finally, I found the answer to your question.
Finally, I have my own car.
Finally, I have the house all to myself. Party time!
Finally, I have the required vocabulary to enjoy the famous magazine MONATO!
Finally, I have time to reply to the mail that I have received these past three weeks.
Finally, I made up my mind and bought the new video game.
Finally, I managed to publish it.
Finally, I took leave of them.
Finally, I understood the truth.
Finally, I'm done with the first semester.
Finally, I'm done with this work.
Finally, I've found her.
Finally, I've found him.
Finally, I've made it to 77. The health issues of aging have naturally begun to appear here and there, but so far, it's nothing too serious. The biggest issue is the rapid onset of my forgetfulness. It's like gaining a talent for forgetting, or that's how I see it. From now on, I'm only going to focus on enjoyable, desirable activities and I'll avoid using words like "endurance" or "perseverance" either towards others or myself.
Finally, Linda watches the sun go down.
Finally, Maitland worries about the problems with emerging drug resistance, both to the insecticides that are used to treat bed nets, to guard against biting mosquitoes at night, and to the most effective tool in the medical arsenal, artemisinin-based compounds. Resistance to the drug has begun to show up in Cambodia.
Finally, Oedipus replied.
Finally, Robert rolled down the window and asked Martha what she wanted.
Finally, Sami has had enough.
Finally, Susan cuts her mother short, promises to write, and hangs up.
Finally, Tom achieved his goal.
Finally, Tom attained his goal.
Finally, Tom gave in.
Finally, Tom got out of bed and got dressed.
Finally, Tom has arrived.
Finally, Tom left.
Finally, Tom reached his goal.
Finally, Tom stood up and headed for the door.
Finally, Tom was able to contact Mary.
Finally, World War One was officially over.
Finally, Yanni and Skura's divorce was finalized.
Finally, Ziri agreed with the offer.
Finally, Ziri came to pick Rima up and they headed to the concert.
Finally, Ziri decided to plead guilty.
Finally, Ziri heard Rima arriving.
Finally, Ziri released Rima.
Finally, Ziri strangled Rima and killed her.
Finally, Ziri was able to see the deer.
Finally, Ziri was popular.
Finally, a decent comment.
Finally, chaotic court trials were held. The afflicted girls would writhe and scream. Some reported seeing spectral shapes under the accused control.
Finally, he achieved his goal.
Finally, he attained his goal.
Finally, he began to cry.
Finally, he carried out his plan.
Finally, he gave in to my persuasion.
Finally, he gave into my persuasion.
Finally, he invited me down to his father's place at Donnithorpe, in Norfolk, and I accepted his hospitality for a month of the long vacation.
Finally, he let himself fall into his chair.
Finally, he lost his temper.
Finally, he reached his goal.
Finally, he sniffed the dead man's lips, and then glanced at the soles of his patent leather boots.
Finally, he spots a whale and points it out over the loudspeaker to those in the group that may have missed it.
Finally, here you are.
Finally, here's some good news!
Finally, in 1314, these games had become so violent and dangerous that King Edward II made a law.
Finally, instigated by his political opponents, a mob murdered Pythagoras and many of his followers.
Finally, it looks like luck is smiling on her.
Finally, it was over.
Finally, it was time to sign the Constitution.
Finally, it was time.
Finally, it's Friday!
Finally, it's Friday.
Finally, it's October.
Finally, it's here.
Finally, it's snowing!
Finally, it’s Friday.
Finally, let's look at some useful adjectives and verbs.
Finally, luck smiled on us.
Finally, make sure someone—preferably a native speaker—proofreads your essay before you print out the final version.
Finally, my father compromised.
Finally, my sister got engaged.
Finally, my sister got married.
Finally, nobody came!
Finally, on January eighth, the British attacked.
Finally, she arrived!
Finally, she chose another kitten.
Finally, she decided to tell the truth.
Finally, she succeeded.
Finally, some good news!
Finally, some new blood.
Finally, someone spoke.
Finally, sprinkle the cake with hundreds and thousands.
Finally, the "File Download Completed" window popped up.
Finally, the art world began to recognize Yanni's talent.
Finally, the bell rang.
Finally, the bus came.
Finally, the delegates voted.
Finally, the delivery came.
Finally, the discord between them came to an end.
Finally, the guests left, and it was quiet in the apartment.
Finally, the holidays ended and Boldi went back to college.
Finally, the judge closed the session with a strike from his gavel.
Finally, the lights turned off.
Finally, the pieces of the puzzle started to fit.
Finally, the prophecies lead to the lost glory in and over the people of God.
Finally, the rain stopped.
Finally, the shaking stopped.
Finally, the sick, tired men reached the mountain town where he was waiting.
Finally, the stove caught fire.
Finally, their friendship ended and their close relationship disappeared.
Finally, they decided to retire early and live in Spain permanently.
Finally, they finished a painting.
Finally, they gave in.
Finally, they have met.
Finally, things are getting interesting.
Finally, things will go back to normal.
Finally, though late, he came.
Finally, we agree on something.
Finally, we arrived in Australia.
Finally, we arrived in England.
Finally, we found a point of compromise.
Finally, we got some resolution.
Finally, we got to Boston.
Finally, we got to the Mississippi.
Finally, we have all field names in Norwegian, which will be of great help to our users.
Finally, we reached a compromise.
Finally, we reached the top of the mountain.
Finally, we will have a break from Tom for a while.
Finally, we're alone.
Finally, we're home.
Finally, you are still young and beautiful too. I wish you a long life!
Finally, you have nothing in the noggin!
Finally, you're back.
Finally, you're here.
Finals week is stressful.
Finance Ministry officials tried to boost confidence in recovery.
Finance is a branch of economics.
Finances are traditionally the biggest cause of strife in a relationship.
Financial advisors are just salespeople. They don't have to look out for your best interests.
Financial aid is available.
Financial aid to regions bordering East Germany was discontinued following reunification.
Financial analyst David Thwaites, of BNP Paribas in London, says unemployment will not drop from the four million mark until the middle of this year, and that is uncomfortably close to the election date.
Financial decisions are very important.
Financial disruptions continue to weigh upon our workers and entire communities.
Financial experts don't know what to make of this trend.
Financial experts don’t know what to make of this trend.
Financial help is sorely needed.
Financial reforms may ameliorate the current economic difficulties.
Financial security can be appealing to girls in relationships.
Financial stability is important, but so is personal growth.
Financial success followed.
Financial support is given to them.
Financial troubles pushed them to the end of the rope.
Financiers make good business only when the state is making it badly.
Find Berlin on the map.
Find Boston on the map.
Find Charles and kill him.
Find God, if you can.
Find Mary and ask her what you just asked me.
Find Mary and bring her home.
Find Mary and tell her to come here right away.
Find Mary and tell her to come here right now.
Find Mary before she tells someone.
Find Tom a job.
Find Tom and Mary and ask them what you just asked me.
Find Tom and Mary and bring them home.
Find Tom and Mary and tell them to come here right away.
Find Tom and Mary and tell them to come here right now.
Find Tom and Mary.
Find Tom and ask him what you just asked me.
Find Tom and bring him home.
Find Tom and kill him.
Find Tom and tell him to come here right away.
Find Tom and tell him to come here right now.
Find Tom before he hurts someone.
Find Tom before he murders someone.
Find Tom before he tells someone.
Find Tom right now.
Find Tom some work.
Find Tom.
Find a better technique.
Find a different book.
Find a doctor!
Find a drugstore and buy bandages.
Find a good job.
Find a good lawyer.
Find a job!
Find a job.
Find a man your own age.
Find a mean between harshness and indulgence.
Find a moment of intimacy with yourself.
Find a more constructive outlet for your emotions rather than persistently resorting to passive-aggressive jabs directed at me.
Find a more productive outlet for your emotions instead of continuously following me with your underhanded remarks.
Find a part-time job.
Find a penny, pick it up, and all the day you'll have good luck.
Find a penny, pick it up, then all day you'll have good luck!
Find a quiet and comfortable place to work on your assignments.
Find a quiet area where you can study.
Find a security guard.
Find a security guy immediately.
Find a solution for this problem.
Find a solution to the problem.
Find a solution.
Find a word.
Find a workout buddy for motivation and accountability.
Find a workout routine that fits your schedule.
Find a workout routine that you enjoy.
Find an activity you enjoy, like swimming, cycling, or playing basketball.
Find an empty bottle and fill it with water.
Find an exit strategy.
Find an uninhabited area.
Find anything interesting?
Find better words.
Find common ground.
Find happiness in Islam.
Find happiness in the little things, like a warm cup of coffee or a beautiful sunset.
Find her for me.
Find her.
Find him for me.
Find him.
Find his weak spot.
Find how they lived, and you'll find how they died.
Find it.
Find life amongst death.
Find me a glass.
Find me a good book from the library.
Find me a pizza.
Find me a place to stay for the night.
Find me a position.
Find me a synonym of this word.
Find me some room.
Find me something to eat.
Find multilingual sentence equivalents at Tatoeba.org.
Find mutual interests, and you will get along with each other.
Find my checkbook.
Find out all you can about Tom's business.
Find out all you can about Tom.
Find out all you can about her.
Find out all you can about him.
Find out all you can about them.
Find out how Tom plans to spend his weekend.
Find out how much work you ought to do, and do it.
Find out how she navigates her own emotions to take photos in a truthful way and the importance of ethics when picking this career path.
Find out how to deal with it.
Find out how you learn. It could be by memorizing, reading, speaking, reviewing or something else. Find out how you study best. It could be in a calm, quiet place, on your own or with others.
Find out if Tom has any relatives living in Boston.
Find out if Tom talked to anyone.
Find out if anything has happened to Tom.
Find out if the parents have always gone together on other hospital visits.
Find out more about Tom.
Find out more at the end of this show.
Find out the meaning of the word for yourself.
Find out what Tom and Mary are carrying.
Find out what Tom and Mary are doing here.
Find out what Tom and Mary are doing in Boston.
Find out what Tom and Mary know.
Find out what Tom and Mary want.
Find out what Tom is carrying.
Find out what Tom is doing here.
Find out what Tom is doing in Australia.
Find out what Tom is doing in Boston.
Find out what Tom knows.
Find out what Tom likes to drink.
Find out what Tom likes to eat.
Find out what Tom likes.
Find out what Tom wants to do.
Find out what Tom wants.
Find out what happened to Tom.
Find out what happened.
Find out what he likes.
Find out what hotel they're living at.
Find out what is happening.
Find out what kind of a person he is.
Find out what the problem is.
Find out what they said.
Find out what they're doing here.
Find out what you can about Tom.
Find out what's happening.
Find out what's in there.
Find out what's wrong.
Find out when Tom's birthday is.
Find out where Tom and Mary are.
Find out where Tom has gone.
Find out where Tom is today.
Find out where Tom is.
Find out where Tom went.
Find out whether Tom has relatives in Australia.
Find out whether Tom has relatives in Boston.
Find out which platform our train leaves from.
Find out who Tom Jackson is.
Find out who Tom and Mary have been talking to.
Find out who Tom has been talking to.
Find out who that girl is.
Find out who that guy is.
Find out who that man is.
Find out who that woman is.
Find out who they are.
Find out who those people are.
Find out why Tom is upset.
Find peace.
Find purpose, the means will follow.
Find some clean silverware.
Find some time for Tom, please.
Find somebody else.
Find somebody to talk to.
Find someone else to go with you, because I'm busy.
Find someone to go with you, because I'm busy.
Find someone to spend the rest of your life with.
Find someone who can help.
Find someone who respects you.
Find someone who's up for the job.
Find something that will interest you.
Find something to do.
Find something to keep you busy.
Find something to stay busy.
Find something you can do that is not for yourself alone, and in that sharing your unique light will also come through.
Find somewhere comfortable, avoiding bright lights as much as possible, and give your eyes some time to adjust to the dark.
Find synonyms.
Find that huge spider and bring it to me.
Find the area of a trapezoid whose parallel sides are 9 and 12 centimeters.
Find the books.
Find the cat.
Find the circumference of a circle whose area is 12 square centimeters.
Find the correct answer!
Find the derivatives.
Find the differences.
Find the dimension of this subspace.
Find the lowest common denominator.
Find the radius of the circumscribed circle of the triangle.
Find the radius of the escribed circle of the triangle.
Find the radius of the excircle of the triangle.
Find the radius of the incircle of the triangle.
Find the remainder when 2²⁰¹³ is divided by 3.
Find the right adapter.
Find the roots of the equation.
Find the singular form of these words.
Find the solution to the following equation.
Find the synonyms of the word "house".
Find the synonyms.
Find the twin who stole the pearl necklace.
Find the video on our Facebook.
Find them at that place.
Find them, and as quickly as possible.
Find them.
Find things out for yourself instead of having a parent or a teacher tell you.
Find this function's global maximum and global minimum.
Find time for friendship; it's the way to happiness.
Find us a new drummer.
Find ways to avoid toxic co-workers as much as possible.
Find what you love and let it kill you.
Find your higher power.
Find your mother.
Find your strength in the silence.
Find yourself a decent suit.
Find yourself a good Berber teacher.
Find yourself a good job.
Find yourself a seat.
Find yourself a steady job.
Find yourself an Uyghur girlfriend and you'll never have problems with Uyghur again.
Find yourself another stooge!
Find yourselves a seat.
Find.
Finders keepers!
Finders keepers, losers weepers.
Finders keepers.
Finding Fadil isn't hard.
Finding Gunter is easy.
Finding Sami isn't hard.
Finding TB in young children, in particular, poses a hurdle because youngsters often can’t produce a sputum sample necessary to diagnose the disease.
Finding Tom isn't going to be easy.
Finding Tom shouldn't be too difficult.
Finding Tom wasn't difficult.
Finding Tom wasn't easy.
Finding Tom wasn't hard.
Finding Tom won't be difficult.
Finding Tom won't be easy.
Finding Tom's house wasn't easy.
Finding Vladimir in these labyrinths is utterly impossible.
Finding Yanni after all this time won't be easy.
Finding a decent man is more difficult than winning a lottery.
Finding a flat can be hard.
Finding a good job is not easy for young Algerians.
Finding a good language course on the Internet is like finding the proverbial needle in a haystack.
Finding a good place to live isn't easy.
Finding a house is stressful.
Finding a job always takes time.
Finding a job can be difficult without the help of an employment agency.
Finding a job is difficult.
Finding a job now will be very difficult.
Finding a job that paid well enough to support my family was a struggle.
Finding a job was no problem.
Finding a name on Roblox was... annoying.
Finding a neighborhood he liked was key.
Finding a parking spot in Algiers is almost impossible.
Finding a place to park might be a problem.
Finding a replacement will be difficult.
Finding a replacement will be hard.
Finding a solution that worked was a process of trial and error.
Finding an apartment can be difficult.
Finding an optimal solution isn't trivial.
Finding an optimal solution will take some time.
Finding balance is hard.
Finding common ground is better than resorting to violence.
Finding food was a struggle.
Finding fossils is like a search and rescue mission; once a bone is exposed to the elements, the clock starts for all of the processes that will eventually destroy the bone unless paleontologists can get to it first.
Finding friends is easy; keeping them is hard.
Finding her office was easy.
Finding his office was easy.
Finding it hard to make ends meet on his income, she started to work.
Finding love in the Internet age is complicated.
Finding missing children is my specialty.
Finding myself at last among friends, I lost no time in asking for writing and drawing materials, which had so rudely been taken from me three weeks earlier.
Finding one's way around Nagoya is very simple. All you do is look at the signs.
Finding one’s way around Nagoya is very simple. All you do is look at the signs.
Finding qualified people is difficult in Algeria.
Finding someone willing to do that for free will be hard.
Finding something is a doddle when you know where it is.
Finding something is no problem at all when you know where it is.
Finding something to be an abomination is your problem.
Finding something to eat wasn't easy.
Finding the forgotten keys was a fortuitous event that saved me a lot of inconvenience.
Finding the optimum for a numerical function can be an important challenge.
Finding the small brown butterflies with golden-ringed eyespots on their wings can be difficult. There just aren’t many around. They also rest with their wings closed to blend in with their surroundings.
Finding the transpose of a matrix is a common step in linear algebra calculations.
Finding time to do that was hard.
Finding time to do that wasn't easy.
Finding time to do that won't be easy.
Finding time to write a book is not easy.
Finding time to write a book isn't easy.
Finding water here wasn't easy.
Finding work is difficult.
Finding work was no problem.
Finding work wasn't easy.
Findings have been inconclusive.
Fine arts can't show anything new.
Fine dress helps impress, but intelligence makes steady friends.
Fine feathers make fine birds.
Fine markings around the muzzle and shoulder hint at an early bridle.
Fine weather added to the joy of our trip.
Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue.
Fine words butter no parsnips.
Fine!
Fine! You win! Take your ring back and I'm flying back to Algeria!
Fine, I will not say one word!
Fine, I'll do it.
Fine, I'll help you.
Fine, I'll let you touch my boobs.
Fine, I'll put up with your ridiculous rules.
Fine, Tom. Have it your way.
Fine, don't believe me if you want, but I know what I'm talking about.
Fine, forget it.
Fine, have it your way.
Fine, perhaps I could help you. What is it?
Fine, thank you. And you?
Fine, thanks!
Fine, thanks.
Fine, who are you?
Fine, would you like anything else?
Fine, you don't have to.
Fine.
Fine. And you?
Fine. Believe whatever you want.
Fine. Have it your way.
Fine. However, I'm running late and you need to keep it brief.
Fine. I'd be very happy if you would drop me a line as soon as you get to Mwanza.
Fine. I'll change it if you like.
Fine. I’d be very happy if you would drop me a line as soon as you get to Mwanza.
Fine. Where?
Finely chop an onion, some garlic and a chilli, and saute on a little oil until the onion is brown.
Finely chop the deseeded pepper.
Finger flicks are the strongest weapon for killing cockroaches.
Fingernails grow faster than toenails.
Fingernails grow nearly four times faster than toenails.
Fingerprints are unique.
Fingerprints left in the room proved the murderer's guilt.
Fingerprints left in the room proved the murderer’s guilt.
Fingers alone can't do much, but when they close and form a fist, the battle can begin.
Fingers crossed it'll be ok.
Finish all your eating and drinking.
Finish baking the pie.
Finish boiling the carrots.
Finish cleaning the swimming pool and the boss will pay you.
Finish cleaning the windows.
Finish crying and then we'll talk.
Finish cutting the paper.
Finish digging the grave.
Finish drinking the milk.
Finish drinking your milk.
Finish eating first.
Finish eating.
Finish everything.
Finish fixing the fence before sunset.
Finish frying the potatoes.
Finish him off before he gets away.
Finish it before you go to bed.
Finish it for Tom.
Finish it quickly!
Finish it.
Finish off your plate before going out.
Finish painting the room.
Finish playing and then we'll study.
Finish quickly.
Finish reading the book.
Finish reading the novel.
Finish studying.
Finish that activity.
Finish that conversation.
Finish that sentence!
Finish that thought.
Finish that word.
Finish that, and then send the whole caboodle to my cellphone.
Finish that. Drink it all.
Finish the cigarette and then come inside.
Finish the job.
Finish the song.
Finish the story.
Finish them.
Finish these dishes.
Finish this as soon as possible.
Finish this by tomorrow if possible.
Finish this sentence for me.
Finish this.
Finish up and go to bed.
Finish up the food.
Finish watching the video.
Finish well.
Finish what you started.
Finish what you were saying.
Finish what's on your plate.
Finish your buttered toast!
Finish your coffee.
Finish your couscous.
Finish your day a little smarter.
Finish your drink.
Finish your education first.
Finish your food quickly!
Finish your food.
Finish your glass. We've got to go.
Finish your homework before watching TV.
Finish your homework before you go to bed.
Finish your homework before your father gets home.
Finish your homework by the time they return.
Finish your homework by the time your father comes home.
Finish your homework faster, so that we can play video games.
Finish your homework, please.
Finish your job, then you'd better do it right.
Finish your milk.
Finish your sentence.
Finish your soup first.
Finish your task.
Finish your work quickly.
Finish your work.
Finish your workday.
Finishing a book or movie you've started but don't like is a good example of the sunk cost fallacy.
Finishing lunch, he played tennis.
Finishing second in the Olympics gets you silver. Finishing second in politics gets you oblivion.
Finishing tasks is his strong suit.
Finishing the job by Monday will be a piece of cake.
Finishing the job by Tuesday will be a piece of cake.
Finishing the project on time was more challenging than we expected.
Finishing the report by 2:30 shouldn't be too difficult.
Finishing the report by tomorrow is next to impossible.
Finishing third was hard for Tom.
Finishing this job by Monday will be easy.
Finishing this job by Tuesday will be a piece of cake.
Finishing this job by Tuesday will be easy.
Finland achieved independence on December 6, 1917.
Finland celebrates 100 years of independence in 2017.
Finland eliminated Russia from the Winter Olympics hockey tournament.
Finland has been at the forefront pursuing gender equality for decades, including being the first state to grant women full political rights – both to vote and to run for office.
Finland has been at the forefront pursuing gender equality for decades.
Finland has one of the best education systems in the world.
Finland has the most heavy metal bands per capita in the world.
Finland has the most saunas per capita.
Finland is a Nordic country.
Finland is a hundred times colder than Spain.
Finland is a small country.
Finland is called "Suomi" in Finnish.
Finland is famous for its saunas.
Finland is known for its saunas.
Finland is no utopia.
Finland is not famous for its gondolas.
Finland is on the map.
Finland is one of the world's happiest countries.
Finland is part of the EU, which is a supernation.
Finland is separated from Japan by only one country.
Finland is the world's happiest country.
Finland needs you.
Finland offers fathers nine weeks of paternity leave.
Finland supports Greece with a heavy heart.
Finland will officially join NATO tomorrow.
Finland's competitiveness requires more people who can speak French and German than Swedish.
Finland's government is one of the least corrupt in the world.
Finland's largest lake is Saimaa, followed in second place by Päijänne.
Finland's national epic is the Kalevala.
Finland’s latest weapons in the fight against the coronavirus are named Kossi, E.T. and Miina. The three sniffer dogs are being put to work at Helsinki’s Vantaa airport, using their unrivalled sense of smell to detect passengers carrying the disease.
Finnish and Hungarian are related.
Finnish cuisine is said to be great.
Finnish cuisine is supposed to be great.
Finnish economists expect GDP to grow a rate of 2-3% in the next few years.
Finnish has no articles and no grammatical gender.
Finnish is a good example of a language where spelling and pronunciation are consistent with each other.
Finnish is a pretty conservative language.
Finnish is a very interesting language.
Finnish is an orderly language like Hungarian. Both languages have many affixes that represent different meanings. The structure is clean and simple, but complex at the same time.
Finnish is finished.
Finnish is insanely difficult to learn.
Finnish is the language of my in-laws.
Finnish is the language of my wife.
Finnish is the mother tongue of my children.
Finnish neutrality is over.
Finnish singer "Stina" held Kabyle concert in Algiers.
Finnish, Hungarian, and Nenets are Uralic languages.
Finns are silent in two languages.
Finns drink a lot of coffee.
Finns love tango.
Fiona Sutherland used a cyclical story structure for her debut novel.
Fiona and Jock had two beautiful children: a girl and a boy.
Fiona drove to the village and had a cup of tea and a sandwich on the village green.
Fiona feared that she'd made an enemy.
Fiona felt trapped in a void of nothingness.
Fiona knew what she was doing.
Fiona saw a good film at the cinema.
Fiona was born at the Cincinnati Zoo in January 2017.
Fiona's letters gradually came less and less.
Fiona's letters were becoming less and less frequent.
Fiona’s letters were becoming less and less frequent.
Fior di latte is mozzarella that's made from cow's milk.
Fir trees are often used as Christmas trees.
Fir trees get very tall when undisturbed.
Fir trees live in cold areas.
Fire Eater (this was really his name) was very ugly.
Fire Tom.
Fire Ziri from video production.
Fire Ziri.
Fire a laser at him.
Fire a warning shot across their bow.
Fire all guns when the enemy comes into range.
Fire and Rescue NSW team give water to a koala as they rescue it from fire in Jacky Bulbin Flat, New South Wales, Australia, Nov. 21, 2019 in this picture obtained from social media.
Fire at will.
Fire away!
Fire balls were coming out of James's eyes.
Fire broke out.
Fire burns.
Fire cannot be prevented by half measures.
Fire consumed our villages.
Fire crews have traveled from across Europe and as far away as Russia and Egypt to help.
Fire crews said forests and fields, baked to tinder by the intense heat, were easily ignited by such things as a discarded cigarette or concentration of the sun's rays by a shard of glass.
Fire devastated an area of rare heathland.
Fire devoured the forest.
Fire doesn't know friendship.
Fire engines have priority over other vehicles.
Fire glows, burns and consumes to ashes. A spark of it struck from a flint (or firestone) by means of a steel, and taken by tinder in a tinder box, lights a match, and after that a candle, or a stick, and causes a flame, or blaze, which catches hold of houses.
Fire in the hole!
Fire is a good servant, but a bad master.
Fire is always dangerous.
Fire is dangerous.
Fire is hot and ice is cold.
Fire is hot.
Fire is the most dangerous of the four elements.
Fire is the only thing that can kill the zombies.
Fire is the only thing that can kill zombies.
Fire is useful for cooking food, keeping warm, scaring away wild animals and providing light.
Fire is very dangerous.
Fire is very hot.
Fire is without mercy.
Fire it up!
Fire on my command.
Fire spread in the wilderness.
Fire spreads easily in the forest.
Fire the one who caused the fire.
Fire turns sand into glass.
Fire up the engines.
Fire up the grill.
Fire will burn you if you touch it.
Fire will keep burning even after the twig or the stick that started the fire has burned out.
Fire!
Fire! Run for your lives!
Fire! Run quick!
Fire! Run!
Fire, Ziri!
Fire, fire, there is a fire on the 5th floor. Please calmly evacuate.
Fireball, an orange tabby cat, loves to terrorize all the cats in the neighborhood.
Firefighters always endanger their lives.
Firefighters are heroes.
Firefighters are some of the bravest people in the world.
Firefighters are some of the most courageous people in the world.
Firefighters are struggling to control a large grassfire 200 kilometers west of Dallas. The fire has already blackened 800,960 hectares of grassland. Similar fires in the past week have destroyed two small towns and charred pastures and grasslands in neighboring New Mexico and Oklahoma as well as Texas.
Firefighters are trying desperately to reach the scene of the accident. Let's hope they arrive before it's too late!
Firefighters arrived.
Firefighters battling Spain's largest wildfire of the year got a break Tuesday as wind gusts abated.
Firefighters came to the rescue.
Firefighters dispatched to the scene quickly requested police support.
Firefighters do basic medical aid.
Firefighters from 16 states have rushed to California.
Firefighters get dressed quickly, because they have their clothes ready in advance.
Firefighters got them out of the lift.
Firefighters had to go higher up to extinguish the flames in the building.
Firefighters have been using drones equipped with thermal imaging cameras to locate the origin of the fires.
Firefighters have started pumping fresh water into some ponds and lakes in a bid to raise oxygen levels.
Firefighters in Australia Friday are trying to control around 100 wildfires racing across New South Wales, about a third of which are still uncontained.
Firefighters in the Polish capital, Warsaw, evacuated passengers Sunday from flooded vehicles on the city's busiest motorways.
Firefighters often use chemical fire retardants to put out fires.
Firefighters rescued Tom.
Firefighters say the blaze is behaving erratically because the area has not burned in the past 100 years.
Firefighters searched for survivors and victims.
Firefighters searched through the debris.
Firefighters wear helmets.
Firefighters were able to contain the fire to the rear of the building.
Firefighters worked hard to prevent the flames from reducing the town to ashes.
Firefighters worked quickly to quash the flames before they spread to nearby homes.
Firefighting in Australia is becoming increasingly sophisticated.
Fireflies flash to attract mates.
Fireflies seen in daylight aren't all that pretty.
Firefox Quantum uses less memory than Chrome.
Firefox crashed.
Firefox is a Web browser, and it's available in Kabyle.
Firefox is the slowest browser that I have ever used.
Firefox is translated into Kabyle.
Firefox used to be better than Google Chrome.
Firemen are some of the bravest people in the world.
Firemen don't wear inflammable outfits.
Firemen don’t wear inflammable outfits.
Fires are less frightening today than they once were, because more and more houses are built of concrete, and concrete houses do not burn as easily as the old wooden ones.
Fires continue to ravage the Western states of the U.S.—dozens of fires have destroyed half a million hectares of forest.
Fires for luring fish at night flicker on the silhouette of an island.
Fires happen all the time in this area.
Fires in California turned the skies orange.
Firewalls are important.
Firewalls keep us safe.
Fireworks are cool.
Fireworks are legal.
Fireworks brightened the skies elsewhere in Asia and the Pacific, including Sydney Harbor in Australia.
Fireworks crackled through the night skies in New Zealand and Australia as the two countries started the worldwide celebration of the first moments of 2014.
Fireworks exploded overhead.
Fireworks on 34th Street, in New York City, is one of the city's most beloved Christmas traditions.
Fireworks were believed to chase away evil spirits.
Fireworks were blowing up in the sky.
Fireworks were booming in the distance.
Fireworks were canceled in other parts of the country because of the extremely dry conditions that led to devastating wildfires.
Fireworks will begin after dark.
Firing Tom would be a big mistake.
Firing or pan-frying tea leaves stops the oxidation process.
Firing volleys into the air from Kalashnikov rifles and heavy weapons outside a government facility, a mob of angry soldiers trapped the nation's defense minister and other officials inside the building until late Saturday evening.
Firmin and Odile were born in Montpellier in 1957.
Firms will soon be looking for new solutions.
Firmus is a Berber king from Kabylia.
Firmus is the king of the Kabyles.
First Asem, then Saule started to cry.
First Contact became humanity's salvation as it was at the brink of self-destruction.
First Contact became the most important turning point in human history.
First France, then Iraq.
First God, then food.
First I didn't understand what he was saying.
First I explained everything to Tom.
First I learned to ride a bicycle. Then I learned to drive.
First I should go home and change my clothes.
First I take the bus, then I take the subway.
First I thought she wanted to hug me, but she just fixed my collar.
First I thought she was ill.
First I wanted to have money.
First I wanted to ignore Tom completely.
First I wash my face and my hands.
First I went swimming, then I went shopping.
First I'd like to convey my serious concern.
First I'll go to the bank, and then I'll buy the tickets.
First I'll have my cup of brew, alright?
First I'll look at the prices, and only then I'll decide whether I'll buy the camera or not.
First I’ll go to the bank, and then I’ll buy the tickets.
First John put on his coat, and then he picked up his hat.
First Lady Mehriban Aliyeva placed flowers at the monument, honoring the memory of those who perished in the genocide.
First Nations fans may like the thesis "Strengthening Our Haida Voice" by Lucy Bell.
First Teen Titans, now Animaniacs? What movie will they come up with next?
First Tom went swimming, then he went shopping.
First Tom, and then Mary started to cry.
First acknowledge, then deny – one for and one against – and then you are in a powerful position.
First admitted to Ascension St. John Hospital in Detroit in September, the then-16-year-old showed symptoms consistent with pneumonia.
First aid was essential here.
First and foremost, I'd like to thank everyone for coming.
First and foremost, I'd like to thank you all.
First and foremost, show respect.
First and foremost, think it through.
First and foremost, watch what you eat.
First and foremost, you need to figure out why you're here.
First beat the eggs and add them to the soup.
First came the Celts in 600 B.C.
First chance I get, I'll take care of it.
First class or economy?
First class plane flights come with complimentary alcohol.
First class, please.
First clean it, smear it with a little oil, and put it back.
First collect, then correct.
First come, first serve, was the word, and the first hundred customers got a certificate; whoever came later was shit out of luck.
First come, first serve.
First come, first served! See you all then.
First come, first served.
First cousins are too close for marriage.
First cousins have one set of grandparents in common.
First dates are sometimes awkward.
First day on the job, and I already messed up.
First day on the job, huh?
First detected in 1985, the Antarctic ozone hole forms during the Southern Hemisphere’s late winter as the returning sun’s rays catalyze reactions involving man-made, chemically active forms of chlorine and bromine. These reactions destroy ozone molecules.
First duty, then pleasure.
First find out her name and address.
First food, then morality.
First from a flint a spark Achates drew, / and lit the leaves and dry wood heaped with care / and set the fuel flaming, as he blew.
First grade school.
First have a good character, only then start studying.
First his wife began showing COVID-19 symptoms.
First hold crime-prevention firmly in mind! Before going out, lock the doors!
First impressions are important.
First impressions are lasting.
First impressions are often wrong.
First impressions are the most lasting.
First impressions can last forever.
First impressions can mislead you.
First impressions can often be misleading.
First impressions matter.
First impressions may not tell the whole story.
First it starts bucketing down, then all of a sudden the weather clears up.
First it thundered, and then it started to rain.
First it's hot and then it's cold. What's going on?
First kindness begins from my own self.
First ladies are not elected, but once their husband becomes president, they are expected to represent the nation and to look good while doing it.
First lesson.
First listen to what I have to say.
First love is a kind of vaccination which saves a man from catching the complaint the second time.
First multiply, then divide, then subtract and finally add.
First my car broke down and then I got robbed. It's like I'm cursed or something.
First of all I have to think of the safety of my children.
First of all I'd like to make my position clear.
First of all I’d like to make my position clear.
First of all let me speak about the meaning of these words.
First of all, I don't know the magic broth's recipe.
First of all, I have Algerian friends.
First of all, I have to call on Jim.
First of all, I have to say that the dessert was delicious.
First of all, I must say this.
First of all, I want to tell you this.
First of all, I want you to tell me how did you get there.
First of all, I will ask you a few questions and then examine you.
First of all, I will read this.
First of all, I would like to thank my family who helped me in these difficult times.
First of all, I would like to thank you for your hospitality.
First of all, I'll apply first aid.
First of all, I'll buy a good car.
First of all, I'll read this.
First of all, I'm going to go wash my face.
First of all, I'm not for sale.
First of all, I'm not going to forgive you.
First of all, I'm very worried about my daughter's health.
First of all, draw a line from A to B.
First of all, he is very worried about his daughter's health.
First of all, he is very worried about his daughter’s health.
First of all, he must listen to me.
First of all, he went to the station.
First of all, it is too expensive.
First of all, it’s a myth that turkeys are so dumb that they actually drown if they look upward with their beaks open during a rainstorm. In the wild, they’re fast, sociable and smart enough to hide from most humans.
First of all, learn the formula by heart.
First of all, let me congratulate you.
First of all, let me get something straight.
First of all, let me say how glad I am to be here.
First of all, let me speak about myself.
First of all, let's look at this famous picture.
First of all, let’s look at this famous picture.
First of all, may I have your name, please?
First of all, memorise the sutra.
First of all, our hearts go out to the families of those who have been killed. Our prayers go to those who have been wounded. This is a devastating attack on all Americans. It is one that is particularly painful for the people of Orlando, but I think we all recognize that this could have happened anywhere in this country. And we feel enormous solidarity and grief on behalf of the families that have been affected.
First of all, please do a simple self-introduction.
First of all, power off your cellphones and remain silent.
First of all, stop screaming.
First of all, the level of the ocean could rise, because ocean water expands as it grows warmer.
First of all, think about it carefully.
First of all, try to calm down.
First of all, we don't have such a demand.
First of all, we have to finish the homework.
First of all, we have to plant all these seeds.
First of all, we have to put your design to the test.
First of all, we must dismiss him.
First of all, we must dismiss the cook.
First of all, we need a thoroughgoing discussion.
First of all, we'll analyze the facts.
First of all, you have no right to make conclusions. Second of all, your argument was based on an invalid assumption.
First of all, you have to look it up in the dictionary.
First of all, you have to read this book.
First of all, you misunderstood me.
First of all, you must look it up in the dictionary.
First of all, you should talk it over with your parents.
First of the Greeks approaches, with a crowd, / Androgeus; friends he deems us unaware, / and thus, with friendly summons, cries aloud: / "Haste, comrades, forward; from the fleet ye fare / with lagging steps but now, while yonder glare / Troy's towers, and others sack and share the spoils?"
First off, I'd especially like to express my gratitude to my thesis director, Dr. Juan Pisto, for his patience, effort, and dedication.
First off, I'd like you to come with me to a department store sale.
First off, I’d like you to come with me to a department store sale.
First off, my area of work is mainly in the lower reaches of the Yourou River.
First off, order ten. We can always buy another two or three if need be.
First one to get there wins.
First order of business: Tom just single-handedly dissolved our Boston division.
First prize was a one-year contract with a movie studio.
First responders and frontline workers, coping with a pandemic that has killed more than 266,000 people in the United States and infected more than 13 million others, are recognized with a tree and other decorations in the Red Room.
First responders tendered to Sami's injuries.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
First settlers were highly educated and set Puritanism as first American principle.
First stop, the laboratory. Then we'll see.
First stupidity, then wisdom.
First the emigrants, then you. Solidarity is our response to social cannibalism.
First the good God made Man, then He made Woman. After this, He took pity on Man, and gave him tobacco.
First the immigrants, next you. Our solidarity - the answer to social cannibalism.
First the immigrants, then you. Our solidarity - the answer to social cannibalism.
First the immigrants, then you. Our solidarity is the answer to social cannibalism.
First the road, then the rain.
First the traffic light turns yellow, then red.
First the work, then the pay.
First the work, then the wages.
First there was lightning and then the sound of thunder.
First they came for the communists and I did not speak out, because I was not a communist.
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
First they laugh at you, then they fight you, and then you win.
First they met the watch-dog, who was going to leap on them and tear them to pieces; but they threw the remains of their bread to him, and he ate them and wagged his tail.
First they pay no attention. Then they ridicule you. Then they fight you. And finally, you win.
First they saw the debris then they looked at each other.
First they'll ask you easy questions; you have to answer those quickly.
First thing today there's an appointment for a portrait ... what do you say? Will you try doing it as a test?
First thing today there’s an appointment for a portrait ... what do you say? Will you try doing it as a test?
First things first, let's go to the girl with her head in the clouds.
First things first.
First think, and then speak.
First think, then speak.
First thrive and then take a wife.
First thrive and then wive.
First time to California?
First time?
First up is Tom Jackson.
First up is Tom.
First we fired our guns to get help, and after some time a ship lying not far away sent out a boat to help us.
First we have International English, which will probably become simpler than "standard."
First we have to carry the barbecue from the cellar out into the garden.
First we need to figure out how to fool this simpleton.
First we will have something to eat.
First we'll eat, and then we'll go.
First we'll hit Kyoto.
First we’ll eat, and then we’ll go.
First we’ll hit Kyoto.
First words get confused, then ideas get confused, and finally things themselves get confused.
First work, then play.
First you have to build up your vocabulary.
First you have to clear the roadkill.
First you judge "how nice", then you judge "how wise".
First you need to move this out of the way so we can get to the table.
First you say you'll go there, and then you say you'll come here.
First you should reboot your computer.
First you squander your health to acquire money; then your money to get your health back.
First you'll be asked if you're on business or leisure.
First you’ll be asked if you’re on business or leisure.
First, Eurystheus ordered Hercules to kill a lion that was then making the Nemea valley unsafe.
First, I can't go. Second, I wouldn't go even if I could.
First, I don't have any money. Second, I don't have the time.
First, I have a surprise for you.
First, I liked it but no longer.
First, I need to know all the options.
First, I need to know my options.
First, I need to know what my options are.
First, I need to know what the options are.
First, I need to know you're OK.
First, I saw lightning, and then I heard thunder.
First, I should hear both sides.
First, I want to eat a little bit of cake.
First, I want to make sure that you're not lying.
First, I want you to apologize to Tom.
First, I was afraid.
First, I will introduce myself.
First, I'd like to ask Tom a question.
First, I'd like to examine the catalyst used in this experiment.
First, I'd like to make sure you're not lying.
First, I'd like to thank God.
First, I'd turn off the fire and then I'd run to a safe place.
First, I'll read this.
First, I'll show you how it works.
First, I'll try to understand why he thinks so.
First, I'm busy, and secondly, I'm not interested.
First, I'm going to do an outline of my new website.
First, I’ll try to understand why he thinks so.
First, I’m going to do an outline of my new website.
First, Tom read several passages from the Bible.
First, Tom started some COVID-19 symptoms. Two days later Mary was sick too.
First, admit that you lost.
First, buy a vase, and then the flowers.
First, catch your hare, then cook him.
First, do no harm.
First, do what I want you to do, then you'll do what you want to do.
First, faux research yields a faux answer to a clinical question. Then, faux education assures that doctors everywhere hear about it, so they can write millions of prescriptions based on the faux information. Bribes and kickbacks sometimes grease the skids.
First, he entered the room.
First, he finished his thesis.
First, he needs a tree.
First, he visited Italy.
First, he went to the station.
First, her brain was mapped, allowing doctors to recognize and identify sections that were active while she played the violin, as well as sections that dictated movement and language.
First, ignorance is not bliss.
First, in order to get a feel for your favourite author's work, transcribe and copy in full.
First, in order to get a feel for your favourite author’s work, transcribe and copy in full.
First, it is my desire to give expression to that rational view of the world which is being forced upon us with such logical rigour by the modern advancements in our knowledge of nature as a unity, a view in reality held by almost all unprejudiced and thinking men of science, although but few have the courage (or the need) to declare it openly.
First, it is necessary to say hello.
First, it's important that you're in the right frame of mind.
First, it's too expensive.
First, let me ask you this.
First, let me congratulate you.
First, let me say I'm happy to be here.
First, let us take a look at the situation.
First, let us talk about the experiments conducted in laboratories.
First, let's have a cup of coffee.
First, let's have some coffee.
First, let's see what we have to work with.
First, let's study the French Revolution of 1789.
First, let's study the French Revolution.
First, let's talk about Tom.
First, let's talk about what Tom and Mary need to do.
First, let's talk about what Tom did.
First, let's talk about what Tom needs to do.
First, let's talk about what Tom should do.
First, make sure the information's correct.
First, my dear sir, in political matters, my humble views are not strong, and trenchant—as yours are become by experience—but exceedingly large, and lenient; because I have never had anything at all to do with politics.
First, my dear, chase the mouse away; Then, right after, gather the wheat today.
First, please take about 3 minutes to introduce yourself.
First, put the right hand out.
First, remove the burrs.
First, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth... penultimate, last.
First, she looks at the sky.
First, she went to the bank.
First, some viewed Thanksgiving as a religious holiday, which put it outside of the purview of the president.
First, spread the puzzle pieces out on a table.
First, spread the puzzle pieces out.
First, straighten your legs, then flex your feet.
First, swallow one dose of barium.
First, take a deep breath.
First, the government needs to get control of the public, and then the government needs to have control over its own stupidity.
First, the researchers trained the neural network to identify transiting exoplanets using a set of 15,000 previously-vetted signals from the Kepler exoplanet catalogue.
First, the students do their homework. Then, they sit together to meditate and practice yoga.
First, the trainees are awkward in this company.
First, the waste is brought to the facility.
First, there is a lot of food in the area. Many pigeons. Many rats.
First, there's something I'd like to show you.
First, they load crushed dry ice into a hopper suspended under a big helium balloon.
First, they should have right ideas of things, ideas that are based on careful observation, and understand causes of effects and their significance correctly.
First, try to confirm the timing by oscilloscope.
First, we decide on that which needs to be decided, then we split into two teams.
First, we decide on what needs to be decided, then we split into two teams.
First, we have to establish the cause of the catastrophe.
First, we have to establish the cause of this catastrophe.
First, we have to find out what happened.
First, we have to find out where they live.
First, we have to say grace.
First, we must acknowledge the errors made by our predecessors.
First, we must find my brother.
First, we need to find our daughter.
First, we need to go see Tom.
First, we need to look at ourselves.
First, we stuff ham and cheese into the chicken breast.
First, we stuff the chicken breast with ham and cheese.
First, we tie the opponent's king to the main diagonal, then we deliver a blow from the second row to the coronation square.
First, we wash our hands, and then we eat.
First, we will present a petition to the mayor and collect signatures.
First, we will talk to Doctor Benjamin Burns.
First, we're all going to have something to eat.
First, we've got to finish the homework.
First, you have to earn their trust.
First, you have to stop smoking.
First, you must earn their trust.
First, you must last.
First, you must protect yourself.
First, you need to apologize to me.
First, you need to fix it firmly in place.
First, you should've asked me.
First, you think I'm fat, and now you don't want to have sex with me.
First, you'll need to set a user ID.
First, you've got to show what you can do.
First-time entrepreneurs often underestimate the initial outlay required for launching a new business.
Firstly I see that it is plain that you were raving when you wrote this; for as you have put the words together, they are neither Latin, nor sense.
Firstly, I think that the first time each foreigner is in China, the earliest impression is certainly the size of the country.
Firstly, I would like to express my gratitude to my supervisor, Dr. Juan Pisto, for his patience, effort and dedication.
Firstly, I'm busy, and secondly, I'm not interested.
Firstly, Tom set his sights on becoming the new department head, but when he realised he needed to work his socks off every single day, he threw in the towel.
Firstly, happiness is related to money.
Firstly, he is your father, secondly, he is very sick. Tom, you must absolutely help him!
Firstly, it increases your learning ability.
Firstly, it is a matter of justice.
Firstly, let me congratulate you.
Firstly, let's check the attendance.
Firstly, we mustn't be selfish.
Firstly, welcome to you.
Firstly: We, your forebears, cannot help you from the land beyond. Secondly: The slayer of wheelchairs came here incognito and therefore could only have brought a small number of guards with him. And thirdly: there is (supposedly) no beautiful princess. Got all that? Well, then have fun with your task.
Fiscal austerity is considered to be an answer to the rampant inflation.
Fischbrötchen are fish sandwiches that are popular in Northern Germany.
Fish abound in this lake.
Fish abound in this river.
Fish abounds in the ocean.
Fish again?
Fish and chips are too high in cholesterol.
Fish and even whales and seals feed on the krill.
Fish and guests smell after three days.
Fish and meat are both nourishing, but the latter is more expensive than the former.
Fish and red wine don't go together.
Fish and red wine don't go well together.
Fish and red wine don't mix well.
Fish and red wine don’t go together.
Fish and visitors stink after three days.
Fish are aquatic animals.
Fish are cold-blooded animals.
Fish are cold-blooded.
Fish are fascinating.
Fish are in the sea.
Fish are poikilothermic.
Fish are poikilotherms.
Fish can be dry and tasteless if it's overcooked.
Fish can swim.
Fish can't live if not in water.
Fish can't live out of water.
Fish can't live outside water.
Fish cannot live if not in water.
Fish cannot live out of water.
Fish can’t live out of water.
Fish do not have the brain development that is necessary for the psychological experience of pain or any other type of awareness.
Fish doesn't complement red wine.
Fish doesn't go with red wine.
Fish don't like sunlight.
Fish eat mosquito larvae.
Fish feed on mosquito larvae.
Fish food is used in fishing.
Fish gotta swim.
Fish has become expensive in Algeria.
Fish have ceased to live in this river.
Fish have gills and fins.
Fish have stopped living in this river.
Fish is a water animal.
Fish is an important food source for people.
Fish is cheap today.
Fish is considered a good source of omega threes, fatty acids thought to be beneficial to health.
Fish is expensive in Algeria.
Fish is expensive.
Fish is good for you.
Fish is my favorite food.
Fish is my favourite food.
Fish is normally accompanied by white wine.
Fish is one of the local staple foods in this Algerian village.
Fish is sold by the pound here.
Fish ladders help salmon bypass man-made obstacles, such as dams.
Fish like carp and trout live in fresh water.
Fish live in the river and the sea.
Fish live in the sea.
Fish live in the water.
Fish live in water.
Fish on!
Fish or cut bait.
Fish scales overlap each other like the tiles on a roof.
Fish should not have feet.
Fish stocks are declining due to over-protection of whales, so fish that whales can eat should also be protected.
Fish stocks are low.
Fish such as carp and trout live in fresh water.
Fish such as sardines and anchovy can get poisoned when they eat plankton that have eaten the algae.
Fish surface for air.
Fish swim in the water.
Fish swim in water.
Fish the towel out of the swimming pool.
Fish together.
Fish use their fins as oars.
Fish was our next course.
Fish were falling out of the clear blue sky!
Fish where the fish are.
Fish where there are fish.
Fish would talk if their mouths weren't full of water.
Fish'n'chips is the most famous English food.
Fish, amphibians, and reptiles are cold-blooded animals.
Fish, birds, and mammals are especially sensitive to even small amounts of toxic compounds in oil, fuel, and other petroleum products.
Fish, please.
Fish, shellfish, and other marine species along the Northeast coast and in the eastern Bering Sea have, on average, moved northward and to greater depths toward cooler waters since the early 1980s.
Fishblood Tom was the son of Lionheart John and Harelip Mary.
Fisherman Fritz fishes fresh fish, fresh fish fishes fisherman Fritz.
Fisherman Mamdou Lamine had caught just one bucket of mackerel.
Fishes know how to swim.
Fishing can be a fun family activity.
Fishing can be a great hobby.
Fishing can be a source of income for some people.
Fishing can be dangerous in certain conditions.
Fishing can be done alone or with friends.
Fishing can be done from a boat or from shore.
Fishing for bass is tough.
Fishing has been slow.
Fishing in this lake is prohibited.
Fishing in this reservoir is prohibited.
Fishing is Tom's life.
Fishing is a great way to experience the outdoors.
Fishing is a great way to relax.
Fishing is a lot of fun.
Fishing is a popular sport.
Fishing is a significant sector in Algeria.
Fishing is an ancient activity.
Fishing is fun.
Fishing is illegal around here.
Fishing is my favorite hobby.
Fishing is not allowed here.
Fishing is not in my life.
Fishing is not my forte.
Fishing is not my strong suit.
Fishing is not permitted in this lake.
Fishing is not permitted in this river.
Fishing is one of my hobbies.
Fishing is one of the most popular hobbies.
Fishing is prohibited because of the pollution.
Fishing is prohibited here.
Fishing is prohibited in the lake.
Fishing is the only thing Tom and Mary want to do.
Fishing is the only thing Tom ever wants to do.
Fishing is the only thing Tom wants to do.
Fishing isn't Felix's thing.
Fishing isn't allowed here.
Fishing isn't permitted in this lake.
Fishing isn't permitted in this river.
Fishing just isn't my line.
Fishing just isn’t my line.
Fishing often starts to go with the start of the Ayu season.
Fishing requires patience and persistence.
Fishing trawlers have fished out all the local waters.
Fishing was very important.
Fishing, hunting, hiking and skiing are popular.
Fishing, in particular, is extremely important to the local economy.
Fish’n’chips is the most famous English food.
Fist bump.
Fistula is both preventable and treatable and is virtually unheard of in the developed world.
Fitbit has more than 28 million active users.
Fitbit was one of the first companies to market wearable fitness devices, which are used to monitor physical activities, heart rates, sleep patterns, and a variety of other factors.
Fitness results are influenced by diet.
Fittingly, her last composition was a dirge.
Fiumicino International Airport in Rome is the first one in Europe to use "smart helmets" to check the temperature of travelers from a safe distance.
Five (5), seven (7), and ten (10).
Five and three is eight.
Five bouncers grabbed Antonio to throw him out.
Five brothers worked together on the farm.
Five bullets were missing from the cartridge.
Five businesswomen started an association that would eventually become a powerful national lobby.
Five colonists were killed.
Five consecutive years of drought, exacerbated by unexpected sandstorms, have depleted people's food stocks, forcing them to resort to desperate measures to survive.
Five cop cars ended up pulling up.
Five cops were at the entrance gate.
Five days later, President Taylor died.
Five different contractors made the renovations.
Five divided by three equals one and a remainder of two.
Five dollars are worth one pound.
Five euros for a cup of tea? You're joking, aren't you?
Five experienced surfers drowned when they went out in stormy weather off the coast of The Hague.
Five factorial equals one hundred and twenty.
Five factorial equals one hundred twenty.
Five fire engines rushed to the scene of the fire.
Five fours are twenty.
Five gallons of regular, please.
Five hours passed.
Five hundred British soldiers had been captured.
Five hundred dollars is a small sum for him.
Five hundred million Europeans are asking three hundred million Americans to protect them against a hundred and forty million ruSSians.
Five hundred soldiers were sent to the city, and less than half of them survived.
Five hundred soldiers were sent to the city, with less than half of them surviving.
Five hundred years ago it was a house.
Five hundred years ago, they were one family.
Five is the number between four and six.
Five is too young to pledge allegiance to a flag.
Five lumberjacks came out of the forest.
Five men were injured by ricocheting bullets.
Five miles is a long distance to walk.
Five miles is a suitable distance for a picnic.
Five minus three is two.
Five minutes after I took the pill, the world was beginning to distort.
Five minutes ago I was so miserable I was wishing I'd never been born and now I wouldn't change places with an angel!
Five minutes ago he was lying on his bed.
Five minutes early is punctual for soldiers.
Five minutes later she emerged from the kitchen.
Five minutes of sun on a normal day can be worth more than a whole day of sun on holidays.
Five minutes passed and Stefan was still there.
Five minutes passed.
Five minutes' walk brought us to the park.
Five minutes’ walk brought us to the park.
Five months have passed.
Five more minutes! Please wait five more minutes!
Five motherboards of new models have been brought to the market by Gigabyte Bangladesh authorities.
Five museums are located on Berlin’s Museum Island.
Five of them attacked me, but I overcame them all.
Five of us live in this house.
Five or ten minutes would not have made any difference.
Five out of ten drivers a traffic cop has to deal with on New Year's Eve night are drunk.
Five patients were in the waiting room.
Five people died.
Five people were killed and at least 50 were detained in an attack against Azerbaijanis in the Russian city of Yekaterinburg.
Five persons were missing.
Five pitchers are to take the mound in rotation.
Five players were invited by Anadoluspor to apply for the national team squad.
Five plus seven is twelve.
Five plus three equals eight.
Five plus three is eight.
Five plus two equals seven.
Five plus two is seven.
Five plus two makes seven.
Five police cars pulled up in front of Lorenzo's house.
Five police officers showed up and Tobias led them upstairs.
Five prisoners were recaptured, but three others are still at large.
Five prototypes were completed.
Five runners reached the finals.
Five self-help books later, Sergey still had a terribly ineffective approach to management.
Five siblings worked together on the farm.
Five sisters worked together on the farm.
Five soldiers arrived at the back of the house and took Paul away.
Five species of fish live in this lake.
Five squared is twenty-five.
Five thousand dollars is a large sum of money.
Five thousand is half of ten thousand.
Five thousand people showed up for the concert.
Five thousand years ago, everything here was verdant and flourishing. Today, it is desert.
Five thousand years ago, everything here was verdant and flourishing; today, it is desert.
Five thousand yen is enough to buy this dictionary.
Five times five is twenty-five.
Five times four is twenty.
Five times seven is thirty-five.
Five times three is fifteen.
Five times twenty is a hundred.
Five times two equals ten.
Five to seven percent of the population of Paraguay is of German ancestry.
Five to the power of four is six hundred and twenty-five.
Five tremors in excess of magnitude 5.0 on the Richter scale have shaken Japan just this week, but scientists are warning that the largest expected aftershock has yet to hit.
Five weeks later, Yanni was in Algeria.
Five year after losing her vision, Clements is back doing what she loves — styling hair.
Five years ago my wife cheated on me.
Five years ago the maverick, anti-establishment Movimento 5 Stelle, brain-child of the chaotic and shaggy-bearded stand-up comic Beppe Grillo, exploded on the Italian electoral scene, grabbing sufficient seats to force Italy’s established parties to form a ‘grand coalition’ government to shut out the political upstarts.
Five years ago, Dr. Ian Wilmut, a Scottish embryologist was the first to clone a mammal, a Finn Dorcet lamb named Dolly. Since then four more species of mammals have been cloned: goats, pigs, mice and cows.
Five years ago, Mary was still unmarried.
Five years ago, dairy farmer Darryl Vander Haak flipped the switch on the first electric generator in Washington State powered by manure.
Five years ago, said this community health worker, the facility was “very far away” from being a place of compassion and the “oasis of hope” she now describes it as.
Five years ago, the group said the industry was committed to capping carbon emissions.
Five years have been spent building the new building.
Five years have gone by since my father died.
Five years have passed and nothing has happened.
Five years have passed since I came to Japan.
Five years have passed since our wedding.
Five years have passed since they came to Japan.
Five years is too long to wait.
Five years later, Japan formally annexed the entire peninsula.
Five years later, the war broke out.
Five years later, their paths crossed again.
Five years later, war broke out.
Five years without changes is not an alternative.
Five, and some matches too, please.
Five, plus five, potato! Time to count!
Fix a date for the meeting.
Fix it now.
Fix it.
Fix my toy.
Fix that.
Fix the broken fence before sunset.
Fix the clock on the wall.
Fix the clock.
Fix the fact in your mind.
Fix the fan.
Fix the house!
Fix the mess you made.
Fix the roof.
Fix the tap in the kitchen.
Fix the towel rack.
Fix the toy.
Fix the watch.
Fix this.
Fix what's broken.
Fix your bike.
Fix your jambs yourself.
Fix your mistakes now.
Fix your room, Louie.
Fix your tie.
Fixed prices in Japan are abnormally high.
Fixed prices in Japan are abnormally raised.
Fixed!
Fixing a bullseye in the windshield doesn't require any specialized tools.
Fixing a cracked windshield is pretty easy.
Fixing a towel rack is quick and easy.
Fixing a towel rack is really easy.
Fixing your bullseye is going to prevent your windshield from cracking.
Fizzy water isn't very popular in America.
Fizzy water isn't very popular in the United States.
Fizzy water isn’t very popular in America.
Flag football and touch football don't allow tackling.
Flags are lowered at half mast to mourn former Algerian president Abdelaziz Bouteflika.
Flags had been hoisted on the eaves of houses.
Flags move people.
Flags of the world fly proudly at the United Nations headquarters.
Flags shouldn't be used for languages.
Flags touch people emotionally.
Flambeaus lit the walkway.
Flamenco shows are popular in the south of Spain.
Flamengo has the biggest fan base in Brazil.
Flames devoured our villages.
Flames engulfed the entire front door.
Flames from the rapidly spreading fire now licked against the neighbouring house.
Flames have no mercy for anyone.
Flaming heck!
Flaming hell!
Flamingos eat algae.
Flammable substances should be stored properly.
Flan is delicious, but its name doesn't sound at all appetising.
Flanders is more reliant on the export of cars and diamonds than Walloonia.
Flank the machine gun nest.
Flap your wings or die.
Flares are used to avoid heat-seeking missiles.
Flash Gordon with Buster Crabbe is a old sci-fi show featuring the planet Mongo with its Emperor Ming the Merciless.
Flash flooding caused extensive damage to the low lying neighborhood.
Flash grenades explode with a loud bang and cause disorientation.
Flash photography is not allowed in this museum.
Flash photography is not permitted beyond this point.
Flashes of Ziri came to Rima's mind.
Flashing lights transmit messages between ships and to motorists along city streets.
Flashy people irritate him.
Flat ironing my hair takes forever.
Flat land has no mountains or hills.
Flat polished slabs of garnet are found inlaid in mosaic work in Anglo-Saxon and Merovingian jewelry, the material used being almandine, or “precious garnet.”
Flatterers are the Devil's nurses.
Flatterers look like friends, as wolves like dogs.
Flattery corrupts both the receiver and the giver.
Flattery is like counterfeit money; it makes the one who receives it, poorer.
Flattery is not my specialty.
Flattery is not my thing.
Flattery will get you nowhere.
Flattery won't get you anything.
Flattery won't get you anywhere.
Flavio accessed a maintenance room.
Flavio acted more violently against Rima.
Flavio acted normal.
Flavio addressed the crowd, apologizing for his past failures.
Flavio advised Rima to wait.
Flavio also has a little brother named Walid.
Flavio always says goodbye.
Flavio and Isabella acted like they knew each other.
Flavio and Isabella are both studying in the same city.
Flavio and Isabella crossed paths down the hallway.
Flavio and Isabella eventually had five children, of whom, Bruno was the second.
Flavio and Isabella talked for maybe a minute.
Flavio and Isabella went their separate ways.
Flavio and Isabella were the only two people walking down that alley.
Flavio and Rima are like Romeo and Juliet.
Flavio and Rima are married.
Flavio and Rima discussed leaving the city.
Flavio and Rima embraced.
Flavio and Rima got into an argument.
Flavio and Rima reached different conclusions.
Flavio and Rima shared a kiss.
Flavio and Rima shared an embrace.
Flavio and Rima stood side to side.
Flavio and Rima talked in their room.
Flavio and Rima want to make peace.
Flavio and Rima were having a conversation.
Flavio and his friends had a game of baseball.
Flavio and his men began to explore the outpost.
Flavio and his men evacuated the outpost.
Flavio announced his discovery.
Flavio answered correctly.
Flavio apologized for what happened.
Flavio appeared from around the corner.
Flavio appeared in the window.
Flavio approached the leader to help him get up.
Flavio approached the location.
Flavio approached the site.
Flavio arrived at an investigation scene.
Flavio arrived at his apartment.
Flavio arrived at his friend’s place.
Flavio arrived at his house.
Flavio arrived at the excavation site.
Flavio arrived at the front door.
Flavio arrived at the mosque.
Flavio arrived at the train station.
Flavio arrived back safely before dark.
Flavio asked Rima about the serum.
Flavio asked Rima if she trusted him.
Flavio asked Rima to get some supplies for him.
Flavio asked Rima to open the hatch.
Flavio asked Rima what she planned to do.
Flavio asked Rima why she likes insects so much.
Flavio asked for Isabella's name.
Flavio asked for an explanation.
Flavio asked his father about that.
Flavio asked how Rima knew about that.
Flavio asked if Isabella was in his class.
Flavio asked if he could come over.
Flavio asked some specific questions about his wife.
Flavio asked to leave immediately.
Flavio asked to speak privately with Rima.
Flavio assumed that one of the soldiers was playing a prank on him.
Flavio attempted to break into Isabella's apartment.
Flavio attempted to fly the ship.
Flavio attempted to open the window.
Flavio backed away from the table.
Flavio banned Isabella from the Internet for a week.
Flavio became intimately connected to Algeria.
Flavio became more desperate.
Flavio began training with his drones.
Flavio begged the spirit to take him instead.
Flavio believes that Rima is talking to spirits.
Flavio betrayed the city.
Flavio blew up the candles.
Flavio blocked the entrance.
Flavio boarded the bus home.
Flavio bought some trinkets.
Flavio braced himself.
Flavio briefly heard footsteps in his house.
Flavio briefly spoke with Isabella.
Flavio broke down when he saw Rima.
Flavio brought the child.
Flavio bullied boys at school.
Flavio burnt his old clothes.
Flavio burst into the room and started yelling.
Flavio called Isabella by her real name.
Flavio called for Rima’s name.
Flavio came across as really creepy.
Flavio came across to Isabella as a total creep.
Flavio came back possessed.
Flavio came from an adjacent building.
Flavio came racing back.
Flavio came to Rima’s rescue.
Flavio came up.
Flavio can control the crowd.
Flavio can get any food he wants there.
Flavio can translate those papers.
Flavio can try using antibiotics to neutralize the bacteria.
Flavio canceled his credit card.
Flavio cannot defeat the zombie.
Flavio cannot ignore this.
Flavio can’t continue working without a permit.
Flavio can’t go on foot because of his injury.
Flavio can’t go upstairs.
Flavio can’t hear Rima.
Flavio can’t leave.
Flavio can’t let anyone jeopardize the mission.
Flavio can’t stand Rima’s attitude.
Flavio carried Rima back to bed.
Flavio caved in and did his job.
Flavio changed his mind, too.
Flavio charged the rover’s batteries.
Flavio chased his sister.
Flavio checked Rima’s shoes.
Flavio checked his camera.
Flavio checked in all of his bags.
Flavio checked the table.
Flavio checked what was going on.
Flavio claimed he had a gun.
Flavio claimed that he lived in Algiers, too.
Flavio claimed there was nothing important there.
Flavio climbed an abandoned building.
Flavio closed the entrance.
Flavio closed the gate.
Flavio closed the lid.
Flavio completed the first painting course.
Flavio conducted some experiments.
Flavio confronted Rima about her homework.
Flavio confronted Rima about what was going on.
Flavio confronted Rima, too.
Flavio continued digging.
Flavio continued doing his homework.
Flavio continued his experiments on the dog.
Flavio continued on with his drive home.
Flavio continued on.
Flavio continued to bully Walid.
Flavio continued to fire after Walid ordered a halt.
Flavio continued with his dig.
Flavio convinced Rima to leave Walid behind.
Flavio cooks every day.
Flavio cooks often.
Flavio could find out who that guy was.
Flavio could have manipulated the Ouija board.
Flavio could still be alive.
Flavio couldn't be seen.
Flavio couldn’t make out what that figure was.
Flavio countered with an ambush.
Flavio covered himself with his blankets.
Flavio crawled out of the basement.
Flavio crawled through a small tunnel.
Flavio created a hybrid between a termite and a bee.
Flavio created his Facebook profile five months ago.
Flavio currently lives in Algiers.
Flavio cursed at Isabella and slammed the door in her face.
Flavio cut up Rima’s dresses.
Flavio darted away in the opposite direction.
Flavio decided to add a Ouija board for his seance act.
Flavio decided to carry on.
Flavio decided to come clean.
Flavio decided to go out to get some food.
Flavio decided to go to the right.
Flavio decided to leave the bunker.
Flavio decided to play with a Ouija board.
Flavio decided to step out of the train.
Flavio decided to watch a show until he was tired.
Flavio declared Rima dead.
Flavio declared the excavation site off limits.
Flavio defended himself.
Flavio defended the group.
Flavio delayed the mission.
Flavio delivered the items requested by Rima.
Flavio denied he lived on that street.
Flavio departed the space station.
Flavio deserved the scare.
Flavio detonated the bomb, killing himself and the rest of the zombies.
Flavio dialled a member.
Flavio did not come upstairs where we were.
Flavio did not have his cellphone with him.
Flavio did not look at Isabella or in her direction.
Flavio did not speak or understand Berber.
Flavio did that for his family.
Flavio didn't come out to chase Isabella.
Flavio didn't follow Isabella in.
Flavio didn't follow Isabella's car.
Flavio didn't go to Isabella's school at all.
Flavio didn't have any money.
Flavio didn't have his phone on him.
Flavio didn't hear any loud noises.
Flavio didn't know if he woke Isabella up or not.
Flavio didn't know what Isabella wanted.
Flavio didn't know where the police station was.
Flavio didn't know which bus Isabella was on.
Flavio didn't like that at all.
Flavio didn't really have any plans.
Flavio didn't really seem drunk.
Flavio didn't remember Isabella's facial features.
Flavio didn't see Isabella at all after that.
Flavio didn't see Isabella for the rest of the play.
Flavio didn't see anything else.
Flavio didn't see friendly at all.
Flavio didn't see his neighbor at all anymore.
Flavio didn't see or hear anybody.
Flavio didn't seem like a university student at all.
Flavio didn't shake Isabella's hand and asked her what she wanted.
Flavio didn't steal anything.
Flavio didn't want to go back in there.
Flavio didn’t accomplish anything significant.
Flavio didn’t appear to understand Rima.
Flavio didn’t get the correct answers.
Flavio didn’t notice the figure approaching the window.
Flavio didn’t see anyone there.
Flavio didn’t see his attacker.
Flavio didn’t seem to be affected.
Flavio didn’t want to lose more men in the bunker.
Flavio died in a few months.
Flavio disabled the life support system of Rima.
Flavio discovered Rima’s corpse at the bunker’s entrance.
Flavio discovered a room full of corpses.
Flavio discovered a room with a projector screen.
Flavio discovered intelligent life outside Earth.
Flavio discovered that Rima was missing.
Flavio disliked Isabella for some reason.
Flavio disobeyed Rima’s order.
Flavio distracted the zombie to buy Rima some time.
Flavio distracted the zombie.
Flavio doesn't get along with that co-worker.
Flavio doesn't live there anymore.
Flavio doesn't miss Isabella at all.
Flavio doesn't remember Isabella's username.
Flavio doesn't remember much about Isabella.
Flavio doesn’t believe Rima.
Flavio doesn’t believe in the Ouija board at all.
Flavio doesn’t believe that apes turned into humans.
Flavio doesn’t have any fuel to fly to the space station.
Flavio doesn’t help.
Flavio doesn’t play baseball.
Flavio doesn’t really know what’s going on outside the city.
Flavio dropped a light into the shaft.
Flavio drove past Isabella and parked nearby.
Flavio drove the other sheep off.
Flavio drove towards the sandstorm.
Flavio ducked down below his window.
Flavio ducked down.
Flavio emerged from cover.
Flavio emerged from the front door of the house and started to run after Isabella.
Flavio enjoyed that area.
Flavio entered a wooded area.
Flavio entered easily.
Flavio entered the pod.
Flavio escaped despite his wounds.
Flavio escaped through the bunker’s ventilation system.
Flavio eventually found Rima.
Flavio expected Isabella to be gone.
Flavio expected somebody to knock.
Flavio explored the bunker.
Flavio explored the museum.
Flavio expressed his amazement.
Flavio expressed his disgust.
Flavio expressed his doubts and worries.
Flavio failed to speak.
Flavio fatally shot Rima after knocking her unconscious.
Flavio fell down, screaming.
Flavio fell into the water below.
Flavio felt like he went to hell and back.
Flavio felt much better after that.
Flavio felt really lucky to be OK.
Flavio felt relieved.
Flavio finally convinced Rima to use the laser gun.
Flavio finally left.
Flavio finally opened the hatch.
Flavio fired in return.
Flavio fired several bullets into Rima’s back.
Flavio fixed the solar panel.
Flavio followed the girl.
Flavio followed the instructions.
Flavio followed the will of the people.
Flavio forced himself on Rima.
Flavio found Rima’s brother.
Flavio found a box full of personal effects.
Flavio found a disfigured woman there.
Flavio found a microscopic anomaly.
Flavio found a new letter.
Flavio found a place that seemed good.
Flavio found a survivor in that room.
Flavio found a survivor in the bunker.
Flavio found a way out of the church.
Flavio found an old map in the attic.
Flavio found fecal matter on the ceiling.
Flavio found food wrappers behind the couch.
Flavio found himself deep inside the sewers.
Flavio found microbial beings on Mars.
Flavio found out Isabella's real name.
Flavio found out he was infected with the bacteria.
Flavio found out what was wrong with the spacecraft.
Flavio found that infuriating.
Flavio found the money.
Flavio found the nest of the xenomorphs.
Flavio found the situation amusing.
Flavio found there wasn’t anything wrong with the airlock.
Flavio found those sheets of paper.
Flavio found two bodies joined at the head.
Flavio freaked out and closed his laptop.
Flavio freed the prisoner.
Flavio froze in fear as the alien bug approached him.
Flavio gained consciousness and saw Rima.
Flavio gathered the information.
Flavio gave Rima a chance.
Flavio gave Rima support.
Flavio gave Rima water.
Flavio gave a report to the council.
Flavio gave the cops all the information that he could.
Flavio gave the cops enough information.
Flavio gave the order to stop Rima by any means.
Flavio got a nightmare about that.
Flavio got a specimen from the lab.
Flavio got back there.
Flavio got back to the school.
Flavio got back to work.
Flavio got back up.
Flavio got even more scared.
Flavio got everything under control.
Flavio got food from a restaurant.
Flavio got his equipment.
Flavio got in.
Flavio got inside the car quickly.
Flavio got killed.
Flavio got knocked out by Rima.
Flavio got more hotheaded.
Flavio got no response.
Flavio got out of school for a few hours.
Flavio got shot by an Israeli soldier.
Flavio got stronger after the injection.
Flavio got the correct answers.
Flavio got the fuse box running.
Flavio got the lock fixed.
Flavio got the radio working again.
Flavio got the train moving forward.
Flavio got to his apartment complex safely.
Flavio got to the kitchen.
Flavio got to the museum at probably eight thirty am.
Flavio got to work, restoring the power.
Flavio got up and turned on his bedroom light.
Flavio got up to get refreshments.
Flavio got up.
Flavio grabbed a metal pipe to defend himself.
Flavio greatly appreciated that.
Flavio had a bad experience with that neighbor.
Flavio had a friend request from somebody that he didn't recognize.
Flavio had a really creepy look on his face.
Flavio had a sweatshirt in his locker.
Flavio had messy brown hair.
Flavio had no idea how Isabella had gotten inside.
Flavio had no idea what Isabella was doing.
Flavio had no idea who that guy even was.
Flavio had nothing left to lose.
Flavio had some homework to do that day.
Flavio had some of his things packed up.
Flavio had the rest of the day to visit the zoo.
Flavio had the serum.
Flavio had to go to the bathroom.
Flavio had to leave.
Flavio had to look again.
Flavio had to stay in the cafeteria.
Flavio had yellow fever.
Flavio handed Rima a bag full of cash.
Flavio has a bug container.
Flavio has a hidden compartment inside his room.
Flavio has a pure human genome.
Flavio has a study plan.
Flavio has been absent for four days without a single notice.
Flavio has been branded a traitor.
Flavio has been watching Rima right from the start.
Flavio has been working there for probably five weeks.
Flavio has just gotten off from work.
Flavio has just moved in here.
Flavio has less than five minutes to leave class.
Flavio has never met his new neighbors.
Flavio has not spoken since.
Flavio has received five letters already.
Flavio has recently lost his wife.
Flavio has regained his strength.
Flavio has to get more information.
Flavio has to make a phonecall.
Flavio hasn't been home in several weeks.
Flavio hasn’t been helping Rima.
Flavio hasn’t learnt to write in cursive.
Flavio headed back to Mars.
Flavio headed to bed.
Flavio headed to the door but couldn’t get it open.
Flavio headed to the hydroponic room.
Flavio headed to the rover.
Flavio headed towards the airlock.
Flavio heard a female voice.
Flavio heard a loud and constant banging on his front door.
Flavio heard a noise coming from the other side of the house.
Flavio heard a noise from a room upstairs.
Flavio heard a sound coming from the back side of the house.
Flavio heard about Tinder, but never used it.
Flavio heard all this.
Flavio heard footsteps coming up behind him.
Flavio heard more knocks on the window.
Flavio heard some footsteps outside the door.
Flavio heard someone screaming.
Flavio heard something behind him.
Flavio heard the knocking once more.
Flavio held his breath.
Flavio helped Rima get up.
Flavio helped Rima pass the gate.
Flavio hid around the corner.
Flavio hid as well.
Flavio hid behind a metal cabinet.
Flavio hid in the basement.
Flavio hid the truth.
Flavio hunted an animal and ate it.
Flavio immediately apologized to Rima’s mother.
Flavio immediately told Rima to bring Walid back.
Flavio incapacitated Rima and restrained her.
Flavio incapacitated the guards.
Flavio infected his crewmates.
Flavio informed Rima about the emergency.
Flavio informed Rima about what he discovered.
Flavio informed Rima that Walid did not make it.
Flavio injected Rima with the antibiotic.
Flavio injected Rima with the solution.
Flavio injected himself with a dose of the serum to heal himself instantly.
Flavio injected the serum into Rima.
Flavio inspected the egg closely.
Flavio inspected the strange structure.
Flavio installed security cameras.
Flavio intends to restore order in the city.
Flavio interrupted Rima and Walid’s conversation.
Flavio introduced Rima to his colleagues.
Flavio invited Rima down to the basement.
Flavio invited Rima over.
Flavio is a celebrity, too.
Flavio is a fraud.
Flavio is a miracle.
Flavio is a radio operator.
Flavio is a very polite and tolerant person.
Flavio is already beyond saving.
Flavio is an astronaut.
Flavio is enrolled in his third year of high school.
Flavio is floating all over the place because of the absence of gravity.
Flavio is from the Algerian army.
Flavio is from the US Marine Corps.
Flavio is going to end the war.
Flavio is heading there.
Flavio is in his senior year of high school.
Flavio is in the dark.
Flavio is making the right choice.
Flavio is nothing more than a sheep and he should be eliminated if he resists his shepherd.
Flavio is one of Rima’s enemies.
Flavio is one of those narcissistic people who just can't take no for an answer.
Flavio is our next-door neighbor to the west.
Flavio is part of the militia.
Flavio is part of the surveillance team.
Flavio is probably gone by now.
Flavio is talking to spirits.
Flavio is the director of the bureau.
Flavio is unfriendly.
Flavio is very dubious about Rima’s profession.
Flavio is watching random YouTube videos.
Flavio isn't dangerous.
Flavio isn’t allowed to disclose details about that.
Flavio isn’t here to judge Rima.
Flavio isn’t taking Rima to Rima.
Flavio isn’t the man he once was.
Flavio issued a command for Rima to be brought back.
Flavio joined Rima in using the Ouija board.
Flavio joined an online videochat room.
Flavio just can't take no for an answer.
Flavio just denied it and walked away.
Flavio just got back to work again.
Flavio just sat there by himself.
Flavio just turned around and walked away.
Flavio kept insisting that Isabella go with him.
Flavio kept pounding on Isabella's door loudly.
Flavio kept running until he made it back to the path.
Flavio kept staring at Isabella intently.
Flavio kept still and did not move.
Flavio kept walking until he was out of sight.
Flavio kept watching the man.
Flavio killed Rima brutally.
Flavio killed Rima silently.
Flavio knew that somebody lived there.
Flavio knew where Isabella's apartment was.
Flavio knocked another time on the window.
Flavio knocked on his neighbor's door.
Flavio knocked the soldier down.
Flavio knows everything about Rima.
Flavio knows he is wanted.
Flavio knows how to save the city.
Flavio knows how to stop the spirits.
Flavio landed on the Moon.
Flavio learnt about animals.
Flavio led Rima inside his room.
Flavio led the group inside the mosque.
Flavio left Rima alone.
Flavio left Rima behind after the plane crashed.
Flavio left Rima behind.
Flavio left before the police got there.
Flavio left his phone on the kitchen counter.
Flavio left the bag at the grocery store.
Flavio left the bureau.
Flavio left the next morning for home.
Flavio left the rover.
Flavio left the ship.
Flavio left to go with Rima.
Flavio left work early.
Flavio let Isabella inside his apartment.
Flavio lifted up the blinds.
Flavio lit the way with a lighter.
Flavio lived five doors down.
Flavio lived in a house with a couple of other people.
Flavio lived in a pretty nice area.
Flavio lived in a small one-bedroom place.
Flavio lived in the neighborhood.
Flavio lived much farther away.
Flavio lived on Isabella's floor.
Flavio lived really closeby.
Flavio lives alone in a small town in Algeria.
Flavio lives in a complex.
Flavio lives in a smaller town.
Flavio locked the infected men in the room.
Flavio locked the sliding door.
Flavio looked around and didn't see anybody else in the store.
Flavio looked around the theater.
Flavio looked inside the window.
Flavio looked into Isabella's window.
Flavio looked out the peephole.
Flavio looked over and saw Isabella standing at the door.
Flavio looked terribly ill.
Flavio looked to be a little bit older than Isabella.
Flavio looked to be about Isabella's age.
Flavio looked up from his phone and around.
Flavio looks different, too.
Flavio lost sight of Isabella.
Flavio made Rima more aggressive.
Flavio made Rima walk out of the room.
Flavio made a report.
Flavio made a sound and Rima went to check.
Flavio made an error.
Flavio made course for Algiers.
Flavio made his way through the woods.
Flavio made his way to the checklanes.
Flavio made it back to the museum.
Flavio made it out alive.
Flavio made it out just in time.
Flavio made it to an upper level of the bunker.
Flavio made it to the lab.
Flavio makes the rules here.
Flavio managed to escape.
Flavio managed to get the machine working.
Flavio managed to get the radio equipment working.
Flavio managed to open the door.
Flavio managed to reach the front door.
Flavio managed to restore the signal.
Flavio managed to sound the alarm.
Flavio managed to talk his way out.
Flavio manifested signs of infection.
Flavio may still be trapped there.
Flavio mentioned the strange structure he found on the Moon.
Flavio met up with Father Walid.
Flavio missed his fourth-hour class.
Flavio moved out of that apartment.
Flavio moved past the fence.
Flavio moved the solar panel.
Flavio moved to a nice neighborhood.
Flavio mumbled hi back.
Flavio must have left the door unlocked.
Flavio mutated.
Flavio need to fix a broken camera sensor.
Flavio needed a few things.
Flavio needs Rima’s help as well.
Flavio needs to focus on school.
Flavio never checks his mail.
Flavio never checks his physical mail.
Flavio never responded to those letters.
Flavio never said what he planned to do.
Flavio never saw Isabella after that.
Flavio never used that website.
Flavio noticed a car in the driveway.
Flavio noticed something strange.
Flavio obliged.
Flavio offered to help Rima.
Flavio offered to take Isabella to John.
Flavio only glanced at Isabella for a moment.
Flavio only had about an hour left of work.
Flavio opened fire again.
Flavio opened fire.
Flavio opened the airlock for Rima.
Flavio opened the door to the closet and saw a man standing inside.
Flavio opened the pod.
Flavio opened up the letter and read it.
Flavio ordered Rima to follow his orders.
Flavio ordered some food.
Flavio ordered the team to prepare defenses.
Flavio overheard Rima telling everything to Walid.
Flavio paid for everything.
Flavio paused the movie and listened close.
Flavio played loud music at night.
Flavio played with a Ouija board in a graveyard.
Flavio plays video games in the basement.
Flavio possessed superhuman strength.
Flavio possesses a perfect record.
Flavio pounded Rima’s head to death.
Flavio prayed to his deceased father instead of praying to God.
Flavio prepared for an extravehicular activity.
Flavio prepared to leave the base.
Flavio pressed the button to open the garage door.
Flavio pretended to talk to a spirit.
Flavio produced the spark that ignited the gas.
Flavio protected Rima.
Flavio publicized the news.
Flavio pulled Rima out of the pipe.
Flavio pulled back the blinds.
Flavio pulled his car into the driveway.
Flavio pushed Rima to use the rifle.
Flavio questioned Rima if she had any second thoughts about the mission.
Flavio raced to the scene.
Flavio ran away into the street.
Flavio ran away when the cops got there.
Flavio ran back into his bedroom.
Flavio ran back into the theater.
Flavio ran back to the base.
Flavio ran back.
Flavio ran from his attacker.
Flavio ran inside one of the stalls.
Flavio ran into his bedroom and closed the door.
Flavio ran much faster.
Flavio ran out of the room as fast as he could.
Flavio ran to get help.
Flavio ran to get some help.
Flavio ran to the nearest exit.
Flavio ran upstairs to his bedroom to do his homework.
Flavio reached Isabella's car.
Flavio reached the airlock.
Flavio reached the deck.
Flavio realized that Isabella wasn't going to follow him.
Flavio realized that something was weird with that guy.
Flavio realized there was no food in the fridge.
Flavio really doesn't remember.
Flavio received a handwritten letter.
Flavio received an identification mark.
Flavio recited a prayer.
Flavio reconnected with an old friend named Walid.
Flavio refused to go to school.
Flavio remained standing there, expressionless.
Flavio reminded Rima to pray to God.
Flavio remodeled the Ouija board.
Flavio removed his hand from the Ouija board.
Flavio removed his helmet.
Flavio repelled the bugs.
Flavio responded with something dumb.
Flavio returned a short time later.
Flavio returned from his search.
Flavio returned minutes later.
Flavio returned to the generator room.
Flavio returned to the spacecraft.
Flavio revealed his true intentions.
Flavio rode the bus home from school.
Flavio rubbed more of that oil on himself.
Flavio rushed to Rima.
Flavio said he didn’t see the bug.
Flavio said he found water underneath the Moon surface.
Flavio said he was thirsty.
Flavio said hi to Isabella.
Flavio said his name was Walid.
Flavio said it didn’t matter.
Flavio said something about what happened that day.
Flavio said the alien was just a hatchling.
Flavio sat across from Isabella on the bus.
Flavio sat really close to the stage.
Flavio sat there in horror.
Flavio saw Isabella again.
Flavio saw Isabella and made eye contact with her because she was staring at him.
Flavio saw Isabella around the building.
Flavio saw Isabella as he got out of his car.
Flavio saw Isabella drop her wallet.
Flavio saw Rima approaching.
Flavio saw Rima sitting in the cockpit.
Flavio saw Rima writing something.
Flavio saw Rima’s emaciated face.
Flavio saw a car pull into the school parking lot.
Flavio saw a giant bug inside the room.
Flavio saw a guy standing right outside the door.
Flavio saw a human and animal hybrid.
Flavio saw a man eating.
Flavio saw a road with a car parked on it.
Flavio saw a swastika on the wall.
Flavio saw a truck full of people.
Flavio saw an unknown structure in the middle of the field.
Flavio saw blood on the ground.
Flavio saw cops approaching the door.
Flavio saw four zombies heading to the rover.
Flavio saw nothing out of the ordinary.
Flavio saw nothing there.
Flavio saw people walking down the hallway.
Flavio saw the intruder scrambling away.
Flavio saw the results.
Flavio saw the shadow of a person standing by the door.
Flavio scared off the rest of the sheep.
Flavio scolded Rima for almost giving him a heart attack.
Flavio scrambled off his seat in surprise.
Flavio searched everywhere inside.
Flavio seemed a little bit off.
Flavio seemed a little bit strange.
Flavio seemed genuinely freaked out.
Flavio seemed insane to Isabella.
Flavio seemed like a creep.
Flavio seemed strange to Isabella.
Flavio seemed to be staring at Isabella.
Flavio sent Isabella a link and told her to look at it.
Flavio sent Rima back.
Flavio sent Rima to retrieve Walid.
Flavio sent an emergency team to rescue Rima.
Flavio set out.
Flavio settled in the tiny attic.
Flavio sewed Rima’s mouth shut.
Flavio shook the cabinet.
Flavio shook the table with his knee.
Flavio shot the zombie repeatedly until it stopped moving.
Flavio should have told the teacher about that.
Flavio shouldn’t give in to his daughter’s request.
Flavio shouted at Isabella to drive.
Flavio showed Rima the results of the experiment.
Flavio showed Rima the serum.
Flavio showed the egg to Rima.
Flavio slowly passed out.
Flavio smiled and waved at Isabella.
Flavio snuck onto the bus.
Flavio somehow knew Isabella and where she lived.
Flavio soon realized that he was alone at the station.
Flavio spat at the ball and passed it back to Rima.
Flavio speaks with Rima.
Flavio spent maybe fifty minutes in that one aisle.
Flavio spoke again.
Flavio spoke back to Isabella.
Flavio spun around quickly.
Flavio squished the bug.
Flavio stabbed Rima in the shoulder.
Flavio stabbed Rima with a pen.
Flavio stared back at his bullies.
Flavio started banging on the door.
Flavio started bleeding from the mouth.
Flavio started following Isabella.
Flavio started talking to a spirit.
Flavio started the machine.
Flavio started to approach his vehicle.
Flavio started to make random jokes.
Flavio started walking off the paths towards the woods.
Flavio stayed at the excavation side.
Flavio stayed downstairs.
Flavio stayed in the apartment until the lease was up.
Flavio stayed there, at the window.
Flavio stayed up pretty late.
Flavio still doesn’t fully understand the situation due to his young age.
Flavio still wondered why Isabella was trying to break into his house.
Flavio stood in the doorway.
Flavio stood in the same spot for a moment.
Flavio stood next to Rima.
Flavio stood outside.
Flavio stopped at a gas station, too.
Flavio stopped the conversation before it escalated.
Flavio subdued Rima.
Flavio suffered the same thing.
Flavio suffocated to death.
Flavio talked about Rima’s death.
Flavio talked about his family.
Flavio talked to his deceased wife.
Flavio talked very shortly with Isabella.
Flavio tended to Rima’s wounds.
Flavio texted all the details to Isabella.
Flavio thinks Rima is a fraud.
Flavio thought nothing of it.
Flavio thought that he was just being paranoid.
Flavio threw a tantrum about that.
Flavio threw away ninety percent of the mail.
Flavio threw the Ouija board in the furnace.
Flavio through Rima’s file.
Flavio told Isabella the entire story from the beginning.
Flavio told Isabella to go away.
Flavio told Isabella to keep going.
Flavio told Rima something cool.
Flavio told Rima that her brother was there.
Flavio told Rima that his mother was a witch.
Flavio told Rima to forget what happened to her in Gaza.
Flavio told Rima to get ready.
Flavio told his father about the bad news.
Flavio told the cops everything that was going on.
Flavio took Rima away.
Flavio took a bite of his sandwich.
Flavio took a break from Facebook.
Flavio took a few bites of his sandwich.
Flavio took a look around.
Flavio took a look at Rima.
Flavio took advantage of the night.
Flavio took another hostage.
Flavio took cover.
Flavio took pictures of the Moon.
Flavio took shelter in an abandoned building.
Flavio took that class.
Flavio took the knife and stabbed Rima.
Flavio took the tower down.
Flavio trapped the alien bug in the room.
Flavio traveled back to Earth.
Flavio traveled to Jupiter.
Flavio treated Rima’s wound.
Flavio tried his best to just hide.
Flavio tried his face not to look in Isabella's direction again.
Flavio tried opening the door again.
Flavio tried to buy time for Rima.
Flavio tried to choke Isabella.
Flavio tried to convince Rima that something was wrong with her sister.
Flavio tried to find a way into the building.
Flavio tried to get Rima to stop.
Flavio tried to get in again.
Flavio tried to negotiate.
Flavio tried to open the door several times, but he couldn't do it.
Flavio tried to open the solar panel.
Flavio tried to reach the gun.
Flavio tried to stay still.
Flavio tried to stop Rima.
Flavio turned around and saw Isabella.
Flavio turned off all the lights and went into his bed.
Flavio turned violent.
Flavio unplugged the radio.
Flavio upset the spirits.
Flavio used his hands.
Flavio used that desktop computer all the time.
Flavio used the Internet to find out information about Isabella.
Flavio used the Ouija board and asked if his mother was there.
Flavio used the drones to locate Walid’s men.
Flavio used to live in an old apartment.
Flavio vacuumed the basement.
Flavio violated the protocol.
Flavio volunteered to help Rima.
Flavio vowed to fight on.
Flavio waited for Rima by the entrance.
Flavio waited for the perfect time to enter.
Flavio waited for the police to show up.
Flavio waited in the rover.
Flavio walked all the way to his house.
Flavio walked around the area.
Flavio walked back inside the bathroom.
Flavio walked back to his truck.
Flavio walked closer to the window.
Flavio walked off the path.
Flavio walked over to another window and looked out.
Flavio walked over to the door and looked outside.
Flavio walked over to the door and saw it was unlocked.
Flavio walked right inside the room.
Flavio wanted to be buried on Mars.
Flavio wanted to buy himself some time.
Flavio wanted to die on Mars.
Flavio wanted to find Rima.
Flavio wanted to leave the city.
Flavio wanted to see the director.
Flavio wanted to see what would happen.
Flavio wanted to take Rima’s money.
Flavio wants Rima to be happy.
Flavio wants to go back to Algiers.
Flavio warned Rima not to snitch on him.
Flavio was a short overweight guy with a goatee.
Flavio was a star.
Flavio was a weird guy.
Flavio was able to get inside.
Flavio was able to leave before the thugs reached him.
Flavio was annoyed that Isabella was talking to him.
Flavio was arrested for illegal activities.
Flavio was arrested for punching the boss.
Flavio was astounded by the technology.
Flavio was at the stove, in the kitchen.
Flavio was attacked by undead soldiers.
Flavio was awake, staring at the bottle.
Flavio was back by about five thirty p.m.
Flavio was baffled.
Flavio was both amazed and scared by that.
Flavio was bound to a bed.
Flavio was called back.
Flavio was carrying a briefcase.
Flavio was carrying some lab equipment.
Flavio was chained to a stone bed.
Flavio was chased across town.
Flavio was chased by the legionnaires.
Flavio was chatting with random strangers on the Internet.
Flavio was cleaning himself.
Flavio was closer.
Flavio was clumsy.
Flavio was completely freaked out.
Flavio was concerned about Rima.
Flavio was concerned for Rima’s safety.
Flavio was confused about Rima’s intentions.
Flavio was convinced that he was doing a good thing.
Flavio was cooking dinner.
Flavio was decontaminated.
Flavio was disappointed to hear that.
Flavio was distracted by the lights.
Flavio was doing homework when he heard a knock on the front door.
Flavio was doing some cleaning in his apartment.
Flavio was done with his task?
Flavio was down there.
Flavio was downtown.
Flavio was drafted for military service in April 2004.
Flavio was drenched in serum, barely alive.
Flavio was driving back on his way home from work.
Flavio was eating popcorn.
Flavio was excited about the journey.
Flavio was excited about what he was about to discover.
Flavio was experimenting on humans.
Flavio was exposed to the Martian atmosphere.
Flavio was finally able to go to sleep.
Flavio was finally invited to meet with Rima.
Flavio was five feet away.
Flavio was flying to the Moon.
Flavio was focused on what he was doing.
Flavio was following Isabella down the street.
Flavio was found outside the city.
Flavio was from Algeria as well.
Flavio was frustrated with Isabella ignoring him.
Flavio was getting Rima ready to leave.
Flavio was getting home.
Flavio was getting on Isabella's nerves.
Flavio was glad that he moved out of that apartment.
Flavio was going on a weekend trip with some of his friends.
Flavio was going to a place called Algiers.
Flavio was going to come over.
Flavio was going to sweep the floor.
Flavio was greeted by Rima.
Flavio was guarding the bunker.
Flavio was guarding the outpost.
Flavio was happy to have his wallet back.
Flavio was heading for the base.
Flavio was hidden in the bunker.
Flavio was hiding something dangerous.
Flavio was hyperventilating.
Flavio was impressed with how Isabella handled the situation.
Flavio was in a circular room.
Flavio was in a quarantined building.
Flavio was in a secluded part of the woods.
Flavio was in his bedroom, on his phone.
Flavio was in his cave.
Flavio was in his messy bedroom.
Flavio was in his office.
Flavio was in the basement.
Flavio was in the bedroom with his sister.
Flavio was in the hydroponic dome.
Flavio was in the village.
Flavio was in the woods.
Flavio was infected by bacteria.
Flavio was infected, too.
Flavio was initially hesitant.
Flavio was injected with the serum.
Flavio was injured in an accident.
Flavio was inside the mosque.
Flavio was just a construction worker.
Flavio was just glad Isabella was gone.
Flavio was just playing funny.
Flavio was just standing there, speechless.
Flavio was just walking around the store.
Flavio was just worried for no reason.
Flavio was killed himself.
Flavio was left at the excavation site.
Flavio was left behind because he was infected.
Flavio was left with no choice but to eliminate Rima.
Flavio was long gone by then.
Flavio was looking at Isabella's window.
Flavio was looking at the animals.
Flavio was looking for gold.
Flavio was looking for the exit.
Flavio was looking out the window and Isabella couldn't see his face.
Flavio was looking right at Isabella again.
Flavio was looking right at Isabella.
Flavio was losing patience.
Flavio was lying on the floor.
Flavio was manually placing the letters in Isabella's mailbox.
Flavio was missing.
Flavio was near the Algerian border.
Flavio was on a special mission.
Flavio was on a vessel heading to the Moon.
Flavio was on his way there.
Flavio was on his way to the site.
Flavio was on the brink of death.
Flavio was on the computer again.
Flavio was on the other side of the perimeter.
Flavio was on the other side of the wall.
Flavio was one of Isabella's neighbors.
Flavio was outside, doing some yard work.
Flavio was overpowered.
Flavio was pacing back and forth in his room.
Flavio was particularly aggressive.
Flavio was planning on cooking something fancy for dinner.
Flavio was planning on leaving.
Flavio was planning something sinister.
Flavio was playing some game on the computer.
Flavio was preparing for an insect exhibit.
Flavio was pretty busy with work.
Flavio was pretty far back.
Flavio was pretty lazy.
Flavio was probably a hacker.
Flavio was pulled down and killed.
Flavio was pushed back by an invisible force.
Flavio was put in a hibernating state.
Flavio was questioned by a guard about Walid.
Flavio was raging out.
Flavio was really awkward.
Flavio was really slow.
Flavio was recuperating back in Algeria.
Flavio was repeatedly knocking on the window.
Flavio was replaced by a robot.
Flavio was rescued by the Allies and came to Canada.
Flavio was responsible for running the experiment.
Flavio was searching for people to save.
Flavio was shocked by an electric fence.
Flavio was short and pretty skinny.
Flavio was shot in the head.
Flavio was sitting in a chair, looking at his phone.
Flavio was skeptical.
Flavio was somewhere in eastern Algeria.
Flavio was sorting through the mail.
Flavio was spreading a deadly disease.
Flavio was staggering towards the base.
Flavio was standing at one of the front windows.
Flavio was standing at the end of the aisle, staring at Isabella, but she ignored him.
Flavio was standing in the kitchen.
Flavio was standing on the platform.
Flavio was staring into Isabella's windows.
Flavio was staying up late, watching a movie.
Flavio was still at the window.
Flavio was still drunk.
Flavio was still in the kitchen, cooking.
Flavio was still standing there.
Flavio was still using the kitchen and the bathroom.
Flavio was stopped by some guards.
Flavio was strangled to death.
Flavio was studying for his exams.
Flavio was subdued.
Flavio was surprised to see Rima appear.
Flavio was surrounded by the enemies.
Flavio was taken away.
Flavio was talking to a girl who looked to be about his age.
Flavio was the only customer shopping in the entire store.
Flavio was the only one in the house.
Flavio was there for the entire day.
Flavio was thrown down the stairs.
Flavio was thrown onto the stairs.
Flavio was told to leave the store.
Flavio was too boring.
Flavio was too confused to say or do anything.
Flavio was too weird.
Flavio was trapped in the area.
Flavio was trying to avoid Isabella.
Flavio was trying to break in.
Flavio was trying to creep up on Isabella.
Flavio was trying to kidnap Isabella.
Flavio was two minutes away from home.
Flavio was uncertain of the effects the serum would have on Rima.
Flavio was uninterested.
Flavio was unsuccessful.
Flavio was vacuuming in the couch area.
Flavio was waiting for the meeting to start.
Flavio was walking away.
Flavio was walking in Isabella's direction.
Flavio was walking over to the dining room.
Flavio was walking slowly.
Flavio was watching the BBC channel.
Flavio was wearing a business uniform.
Flavio was working there under a different name.
Flavio was writing something without looking at the paper.
Flavio wasn't able to break into the apartment.
Flavio wasn't able to get into the house.
Flavio wasn't asleep for very long.
Flavio wasn't home from work yet.
Flavio wasn't home yet.
Flavio wasn't in Isabella's class.
Flavio wasn't in his seat.
Flavio wasn't interested in interacting with Isabella again.
Flavio wasn't looking directly at Isabella.
Flavio wasn't making that up.
Flavio wasn't supposed to do that.
Flavio wasn't telling Isabella the truth.
Flavio wasn't that interested in that.
Flavio wasn't thinking of anything.
Flavio wasn’t excited to get home.
Flavio wasn’t happy about the storm.
Flavio watched Rima die.
Flavio watched Rima grow from birth.
Flavio watched Rima leave.
Flavio watched.
Flavio went back inside.
Flavio went back onto the computer.
Flavio went back outside.
Flavio went back to the police after that.
Flavio went back to the village.
Flavio went back to watch television.
Flavio went back to watching the show that he had been.
Flavio went back upstairs to his room.
Flavio went down several storeys down the ground.
Flavio went into Isabella's bedroom to see what was going on.
Flavio went on his phone.
Flavio went on that field trip when he was in high school.
Flavio went on to conduct the mission.
Flavio went out of his bedroom.
Flavio went out with the guards.
Flavio went over the wall.
Flavio went over to talk to his neighbor.
Flavio went through a set of documents.
Flavio went to a well-supplied supermarket in Algiers.
Flavio went to an abandoned German bunker.
Flavio went to bed an hour later.
Flavio went to bed.
Flavio went to comfort Rima.
Flavio went to his back door and locked it.
Flavio went to his parents and told them everything.
Flavio went to his seat.
Flavio went to rescue Rima.
Flavio went to see if his neighbor was still there.
Flavio went to the building.
Flavio went to the city of Algiers.
Flavio went to the fuse box.
Flavio went to the house of a friend.
Flavio went to the most popular art museum in the area.
Flavio went to the site.
Flavio went to the theater to watch a play.
Flavio went to the water treatment plant.
Flavio went to visit Rima.
Flavio will be home alone for five hours.
Flavio will be returning soon with help.
Flavio will understand one day.
Flavio wiped out the termite colony.
Flavio witnessed Rima’s death.
Flavio woke up from his sleep.
Flavio wondered what on earth Isabella was doing.
Flavio won’t protect Rima anymore.
Flavio won’t survive the six-month journey back to Earth.
Flavio wore a space suit.
Flavio works at a grocery store.
Flavio yanked Rima’s blanket away.
Flavio yelled again, louder than the first time.
Flavio yelled that he was calling the police.
Flavio's bedroom door started to open.
Flavio's blinds were closed.
Flavio's door is now closed.
Flavio's driver's license had his old address on it.
Flavio's fingers were twitching as he spoke.
Flavio's gas talk was at about one fourth.
Flavio's letters were all pretty short.
Flavio's mom was not home.
Flavio's parents have gotten home.
Flavio's place was old.
Flavio's truck was parked in front of Isabella's house.
Flavio's whole place was all messed up.
Flavio's window was next to a tree.
Flavio’s air hose was cut off.
Flavio’s anger was showing.
Flavio’s arrived at the excavation site.
Flavio’s daughter appeared on the screen.
Flavio’s destination is the Moon.
Flavio’s experiment should be kept unknown.
Flavio’s face slowly disfigured.
Flavio’s family was rounded up by the legionnaires.
Flavio’s house can be seen from miles.
Flavio’s lab equipment fell to the floor.
Flavio’s letter is in cursive.
Flavio’s life flashed before his eyes.
Flavio’s memory was erased.
Flavio’s mother wasn’t born in Algiers.
Flavio’s place is with the leaders of the city.
Flavio’s space suit was seen in the vast darkness.
Flavio’s spirit is still alive.
Flavio’s voice startled Rima.
Flavio’s voice went quieter and quieter.
Flavius Claudius Julianus, son of Julius Constantius and nephew of the Emperor Constantine, was born at Constantinople in 331 A.D.
Flawless precision is required in the measurements.
Flaws make us unique.
Flaxseed is one of the healthiest foods on earth.
Fleas are everywhere downstairs.
Flee before it's too late.
Flee ever so fast, you cannot flee your fortune.
Flee from hostility.
Flee from injustice.
Flee never so fast you cannot flee your fortune.
Flee to Egypt and stay there until I tell you otherwise.
Flee!
Flee.
Fleeing a bear, he runs into a lion.
Fleeing is part of fighting.
Fleeing isn't a solution, but just a delay of a necessary decision.
Fleeing winter, the swallows go in search of spring.
Flees are a problem, and roaches are a problem, but spiders are alright.
Flemish Sign Language is abbreviated to VGT.
Flemish Sign Language is used in Flanders.
Flemish is one of various languages spoken in Belgium.
Flensburg is on the border with Denmark.
Flesh does not emit light... or does it?
Flesh gives birth to flesh, Spirit gives birth to Spirit.
Flesh-eating bees are the stuff of nightmares.
Flevoland is the youngest province of the Netherlands. It was created by turning parts of the former sea called 'De Zuiderzee' into dry land, with in there the former islands of Urk and Schokland.
Flevoland now has over 1,400 km² of land and over 400,000 inhabitants.
Flexibility and politeness are the be-all and end-all of my present job.
Flexibility is key; he doesn't have to decide everything alone.
Flexibility is one of the many advantages of working from home.
Flexible piping is very prominent at the rebuilt Higashinada sewage treatment plant on Kobe's waterfront.
Flexible work hours make employees more productive.
Flicks on the forehead are the strongest weapon for killing cockroaches.
Flies and mosquitoes interfered with his meditation.
Flies are insects.
Flies are so annoying.
Flies aren't dangerous.
Flies buzz.
Flies buzzed around Yanni.
Flies eat poop.
Flies fall prey to the spider's web.
Flies fly.
Flies have a keen sense of smell for decaying matter.
Flies have a lot of legs.
Flies high the cow and low the cattle, a twister does the farmyard rattle.
Flies lay eggs.
Flies thrive on rotten food.
Flight 101 from Paris arrived one hour ahead of time.
Flight 226 takes off at 10:30.
Flight across the continent was still a daring venture.
Flight attendants, please prepare for takeoff.
Flight attendants, prepare for landing.
Flight faster than sound was thought to be impossible.
Flight mode must be activated prior to departure.
Flight number is JL123, on August 23 for Tokyo.
Flight reconfirmation, please.
Flight shame made him take the train.
Flightless birds are birds that can't fly.
Flights from Boston to here take about thirty minutes.
Flights on this route have been suspended due to the weather.
Flights to the moon were once thought absurd.
Flint and steel were traditional fire-starting tools.
Flint is a hard rock used for creating sparks.
Flint was essential for starting fires in ancient times.
Flip a coin.
Flip it over.
Flip it upside down.
Flip over the pancakes.
Flip over your card.
Flip the pancake over.
Flip the patties with a spatula.
Flip the switch.
Flip them over.
Flip to the back of the book for the index.
Flippin' 'eck, the loo's blocked.
Flipping begets flipping.
Flipping through the pages, nostalgia washed over me.
Flirting is a woman's trade, one must keep in practice.
Flirting with boys is exhausting.
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee.
Floating barriers were installed in an attempt to contain the contamination.
Floating in zero gravity is a unique experience for astronauts.
Floating is easy.
Floating through the fog above the town is the sound of bells chiming.
Flocks of birds migrate to Africa.
Flooding has destroyed six thousand hectares of cropland.
Flooding is becoming more frequent along the U.S. coastline.
Floods are a major issue in some areas of Algeria.
Floods destroyed the village.
Floods have ravaged parts of Germany.
Floods occur because of a temporary rise in the water level of a river, lake, or other body of water.
Floods, violent wind storms, droughts, killing frosts, and the problems of air pollution have all, on occasion, influenced modern society.
Floodwaters in Pakistan are beginning to recede in parts of the south, as the country struggles to provide desperately needed aid to millions across the country.
Floppy disks became obsolete long ago, but I still have some, and I still use them.
Floppy disks used to get easily corrupted.
Floppy floppies are already sold out.
Flor was a flamenco dancer. She was so good, Guillermo could watch her dance for hours.
Flora Jane, go out and put the kettle on.
Flora was a housekeeper they had had for twelve years.
Floral patterns decorated the shawl.
Florence Foster Jenkins was one of the greatest sopranos of the world.
Florence Nightingale is famous as the woman who began professional nursing.
Florence is a beautiful city.
Florence is about 2½ hours by train from Rome.
Florence is called Firenze in Italian.
Florence is the most beautiful city in Italy.
Florence was a prosperous city.
Florence was damaged during World War II.
Florence was for me a life buoy in the sea of life.
Florence was surrounded by walls.
Florencia comes from Chile. She is Chilean.
Florencia is from Chile. She is Chilean.
Florian has quite an optimistic philosophy.
Florida borders the Atlantic Ocean and the Gulf of Mexico.
Florida is a state where logic goes on vacation.
Florida is banning Gay Pride, yet the Republicans still insist they are the party of freedom.
Florida is famous for its hurricanes and floods.
Florida is known for its humid, muggy weather.
Florida is one of the most popular tourist destinations in the U.S.
Florida should be quarantined.
Florida taxpayers are paying for Ron DeSantis's legal fees in his feud with Disney.
Florida's foster care system is a major source for child sex traffickers, and Ron DeSanctimonious doesn't care.
Florida's mangrove forests, however, are under threat.
Florida's warm climate and miles-long beautiful beaches attract vacationers and those willing to relocate or retire.
Floridians aren't strangers to natural disasters.
Floss your teeth for good oral health.
Flour is ground grass seed. Apes didn't evolve to eat grass.
Flour is made from wheat.
Flour is made into bread.
Flour is one of those products you should always have in your kitchen.
Flour is sold by the pound.
Flour is the main ingredient in cakes.
Flour is usually made from wheat.
Flour is very affordable for most Algerians.
Flow my tears, the policeman said.
Flower arrangement is a part of Japanese culture.
Flower arrangement is a traditional art in Japan.
Flower arranging is a traditional craft in Japan.
Flowers and geometric motifs were painted on the interior walls.
Flowers and trees need clean air and fresh water.
Flowers and trees need clean air and water.
Flowers and wreaths were laid in front of the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.
Flowers are always a good idea.
Flowers are always acceptable.
Flowers are blooming.
Flowers are drying up.
Flowers are growing in the meadow.
Flowers are so fragile and so beautiful, that you can't speak about them without poetry or metaphors.
Flowers are so fragile and so beautiful, that you can’t speak about them without poetry or metaphors.
Flowers are sold there.
Flowers are the earth's smile.
Flowers are yellow.
Flowers attract bees.
Flowers bloom in spring.
Flowers bloom wherever I go.
Flowers bloom.
Flowers can be useful to say thank you or sorry.
Flowers die if they don't have water.
Flowers die without water.
Flowers do not talk.
Flowers grow in warm countries.
Flowers have already emerged from the buds.
Flowers make her happy.
Flowers make our city so beautiful.
Flowers soon fade when they have been cut.
Flowers wither without water.
Flowers? For me? You shouldn't have.
Flowing water does not stagnate.
Floyd has faced the situation with realism.
Floyd was a good man.
Floyd, what's the matter?
Floyd, what’s the matter?
Floyd’s death has caused international outrage and days of protests across the nation.
Fluence is the time integral of flux.
Fluency boils down to one thing: practice.
Fluency in English is a must.
Fluency in English is a very marketable skill today.
Fluency is a skill that takes time and effort to develop.
Fluency is about effectively conveying your thoughts and understanding others.
Fluency is not just about grammar and vocabulary.
Fluent in Berber, Gabriel works for Rima's radio station.
Fluent in English, French, Spanish and German, Paul Morphy was one of the most learned chess players of his time.
Flunking school is not necessarily a predictor of future success.
Fluorescent lights illuminated the area.
Fluorine, chlorine, bromine, iodine and astatine are halogens.
Flush after using the toilet for proper hygiene.
Flush before you leave the bathroom.
Flush the toilet after you're finished.
Flush the toilet to keep it odor-free.
Flush the toilet.
Flush the weed down the toilet.
Flushed with success and eager for the fray, / "Friends," cries Coroebus, "forward; let us go / where Fortune newly smiling, points the way."
Flustered, I answered the phone.
Fly from Algiers.
Fly like a fly!
Fly to London.
Fly to Orion in a ship piloted by a hive of bees and filled with alien goo? Hard Pass.
Fly to Rouiba.
Fly to tamukra.
Fly!
Fly, thought, on wings of gold; // go settle upon the slopes and the hills, // where, soft and mild, the sweet airs // of our native land smell fragrant!
Fly.
Flybe was rescued from near collapse in January but finally went bankrupt Thursday, hit by low demand and customer cancellations in the wake of the Covid-19 outbreak.
Flyer News, the University of Dayton’s student-run publication, tweeted a video showing police shooting pepper balls at the crowd.
Flying a helicopter isn't easy.
Flying a kite can be dangerous.
Flying against a strong wind is very difficult.
Flying ants are very annoying insects.
Flying causes a lot of pollution.
Flying enables us go to London in a day.
Flying fishes exist.
Flying from far away, from the other side of the sun, Little Venusian is arriving to visit our planet.
Flying has become fashionable. Nowadays everyone wants to fly.
Flying in darkness without adequate training is a major cause of light aircraft accidents.
Flying insects destroy billions of dollars of crops grown around the world each year.
Flying is fun.
Flying is safer than driving.
Flying is safer than taking a bus.
Flying is the quickest method of travelling.
Flying is the quickest way to travel.
Flying is too expensive.
Flying kites can be dangerous.
Flying planes can be dangerous.
Flying scares the shit out of me.
Foam fighting, a type of Live Action Role Play, began in the mid-1970s in Washington, D.C., as a full-contact battle game with padded weapons.
Foam fights are chaotic. He uses his sword and shield to protect comrades carrying pikes, spears and bows.
Foam generated by the rough seas made locating the victims difficult.
Foam is white.
Foam rollers are great tools for soft tissue work.
Focus completely on one task at a time.
Focus more on that.
Focus on being authentic.
Focus on being respectful.
Focus on building a good reputation at work.
Focus on building a strong professional brand.
Focus on finding solutions to problems.
Focus on getting better.
Focus on improving your academic writing.
Focus on my voice.
Focus on one thing and do it well.
Focus on positive things.
Focus on productive worrying.
Focus on progress.
Focus on quality over quantity in your workouts.
Focus on solutions, not problems.
Focus on solutions.
Focus on something positive.
Focus on studying.
Focus on the bigger picture and ignore this minor annoyance.
Focus on the details.
Focus on the goal. Everything else is a distraction.
Focus on the present moment, not on the past or the future.
Focus on the present moment.
Focus on the present.
Focus on the sensations that are affecting your body right now.
Focus on the task at hand.
Focus on the words that people use in everyday Berber.
Focus on what you can control.
Focus on what's happening in the present moment.
Focus on your breath for two to three minutes.
Focus on your breath.
Focus on your breathing.
Focus on your career.
Focus on your life, not others'.
Focus on your mission!
Focus on your strengths.
Focus on your studies without distractions.
Focus on your studies.
Focus on your task.
Focus was shifted to other elements.
Focus your attention on that.
Focus your attention on the day's tasks.
Focus your attention on the really important things.
Focus your camera on the flower.
Focus your efforts on that.
Focus!
Focus, Tom.
Focus.
Focusing on Luna, instead of Mars, may be easier for now, in terms of colonization. Luna is much closer.
Focusing on the Greek victory over vastly larger Persian forces at the Battle Of Thermopylae in 480 B.C., "300" grossed $70 million in its first weekend of U.S. release.
Fog banks continued to hamper visibility for motorists.
Fog can form quickly and catch boaters off guard. Visibility can be reduced to a few feet, which can disorient even the most experienced boaters.
Fog hangs above the river.
Fog has grounded all flights at the airport.
Fog has limited visibility to 100 meters.
Fog hung over the lake.
Fog is a very important element.
Fog is expected.
Fog is hanging above the river.
Fog is only low-lying cloud.
Fog is usually formed when there is humidity and low temperature.
Fog on the mountains, rain in the valley.
Fog represents something which is uncertain.
Fog rolled in from the sea.
Fog was a familiar sight in London.
Foggy weather makes it hard to see ahead.
Fold A-7 in half and stick it together.
Fold and unfold along each of the lines to make a crease.
Fold here.
Fold it.
Fold the bed sheet.
Fold the blanket.
Fold the dough over toward the center.
Fold the egg whites into the egg yolks.
Fold the egg whites into the lemon curd.
Fold the leaf in half.
Fold the napkins and put one by each plate.
Fold the paper in four.
Fold the paper in half.
Fold the paper in the middle.
Fold the sheet in half.
Fold the towel and place it on the towel rack.
Fold the towel in half.
Fold the towel.
Fold the towels, please.
Fold the towels.
Fold this sheet in half vertically and horizontally.
Fold up the map.
Fold up your bedding.
Fold up your sleeves if you wish to make a difference.
Fold up your sleeves slightly.
Fold your clean clothes and place them in the drawer.
Fold your clean laundry and put it away.
Fold your futon and put it in the closet.
Fold your towels.
Folding chairs were set up in rows.
Folding solar cookers are available.
Folk is not my favorite music genre.
Folklorist Debra Lattanzi Shutika knows a thing or two about ghost stories.
Folks are pulling together.
Folks can come to terms if respect exists between them.
Folks, break's over!
Folks, it's time I was leaving.
Folks, it’s time I was leaving.
Folks, let's live as good friends!
Folks, the people of this nation have spoken.
Follow Tom and me.
Follow Tom's instructions.
Follow Tom, no matter where he goes.
Follow Tom.
Follow Ziri's instructions.
Follow a healthy diet for overall well-being.
Follow a well-balanced diet for overall health.
Follow all instructions.
Follow behind me.
Follow close behind them.
Follow her.
Follow him!
Follow him.
Follow his example.
Follow his path.
Follow me and I will show you the street that you are looking for.
Follow me and I will show you the way.
Follow me and I'll show you the way.
Follow me and do exactly the way I do it.
Follow me and have no fear.
Follow me and keep quiet!
Follow me carefully.
Follow me inside.
Follow me into the room.
Follow me on Instagram if you want. My username there is tatoebamaniac1002xyz.
Follow me on Twitter.
Follow me please.
Follow me right this way.
Follow me to Room 3.
Follow me to a fitting room.
Follow me!
Follow me! Let's go into the other room.
Follow me, I know who can help you.
Follow me, and leave the dead to bury their own dead.
Follow me, please.
Follow me.
Follow me. I know a shortcut.
Follow me. I know the way.
Follow me. I'll show you how to get out of here.
Follow me. I'll show you the way.
Follow my advice.
Follow my finger!
Follow my finger.
Follow my gaze!
Follow my instructions and proceed carefully.
Follow my instructions to the letter.
Follow my instructions.
Follow my lead!
Follow my lead.
Follow my tips to learn Berber.
Follow my white plume!
Follow that car!
Follow that car.
Follow that path down the glen till you get to the loch.
Follow that person.
Follow that red car.
Follow that star.
Follow that tornado!
Follow the Swiss.
Follow the car.
Follow the cookery book.
Follow the cord.
Follow the diet of joy.
Follow the dress code guidelines.
Follow the example of your sister.
Follow the fucking white rabbit Neo.
Follow the green line.
Follow the instructions carefully.
Follow the instructions correctly.
Follow the instructions!
Follow the instructions.
Follow the link to take a short quiz.
Follow the money.
Follow the old river bed for two kilometers.
Follow the orders.
Follow the path until you get to the summit!
Follow the plan in accordance.
Follow the recipe step by step.
Follow the road for about a kilometre.
Follow the road for about half a mile.
Follow the road.
Follow the rules of good administration!
Follow the rules!
Follow the rules.
Follow the safe and familiar path.
Follow the safety instructions in the lab.
Follow the safety instructions.
Follow the season.
Follow the shortest path to get to Paris.
Follow the stars.
Follow the steps in this wizard to enable two-factor authentication.
Follow the street and turn right passing by a bank.
Follow the street for about 50 meters, and you will see a post office.
Follow the street.
Follow the trace.
Follow the tram line and after ten minutes you will see it on the right side.
Follow the word of Allah.
Follow them.
Follow these rules.
Follow these steps.
Follow this road and you'll come to the inn.
Follow this road till you come to the river.
Follow this road until you cross a bridge, and then turn left.
Follow this rule.
Follow us on Facebook and on XING!
Follow us on Facebook.
Follow us on Twitter.
Follow us.
Follow us. We're headed to the nearest bar.
Follow what your heart is telling you to do.
Follow who knows you are going to know.
Follow your body's natural rhythms.
Follow your brother's example.
Follow your desire.
Follow your desires.
Follow your doctor's advice.
Follow your dream to help others.
Follow your dream. If you stumble, don't stop and lose sight of your goal. Press to the top. For only on top can we see the whole view.
Follow your dreams to the ends of the earth.
Follow your dreams, they know the way.
Follow your dreams.
Follow your heart should the world try to break you down.
Follow your heart, for it never lies.
Follow your heart, not your fears.
Follow your heart.
Follow your heart; don't follow your fears.
Follow your instincts.
Follow your own path and let people talk.
Follow your own path.
Follow your path.
Follow your sister's example.
Follow your sister’s example.
Following Tom on Twitter keeps me informed about the latest memes.
Following a cookbook, I made my first Spanish food, and it came out very well.
Following a decisive round of voting Wednesday in the council, the veteran politician and diplomat prevailed with 13 votes in favor of his candidacy, none objecting and two votes of “no opinion.”
Following a dramatic decline in malaria-related deaths between 2000 and 2013, World Health Organization data show more than 430,000 kids still die from the mosquito-borne infectious disease in Africa each year.
Following a noise complaint from a nearby resident, the city council has issued the music venue with a noise abatement notice.
Following a recent complaint we will adjust our rules.
Following a request from Ankara, the United Nations has changed the Republic of Turkey's English country name at the organization from "Turkey" to "Türkiye".
Following a two-year hiatus due to the pandemic, an annual classic, antique and unique car show is back.
Following guidelines has paid off for me.
Following her diet, Mary was able to fit into her old trousers again, which pleased her no end.
Following him down the passage I was suddenly interrupted by a small woman, who stepped out from what proved to be the dining-room door.
Following his defeat at the Battle of Waterloo, Napoleon had to spend the rest of his life in exile on the island of St Helena.
Following his injury, Tom was no longer included in the first team.
Following his term as governor, Tom Jackson retired from public life.
Following his withdrawal from public life, Tom and his long-term partner Mary married in secret and moved to Switzerland.
Following his withdrawal from public life, Tom married in secret his long-term partner Mary, with whom he moved to Switzerland.
Following independence, most Algerians exercised agricultural activities.
Following intensive discussions over the past few weeks we now seem to have found a way of defusing this issue.
Following my strict father's words, I was admitted into this institute.
Following political independence, Algeria's policies tried to ensure economic independence.
Following several weeks of intensive negotiations, the two sides reached a mutually satisfactory agreement.
Following several weeks of intensive negotiations, they came to an agreement which satisfied both parties.
Following simple rules can help prevent the spread of the virus.
Following the accident he recovered quickly.
Following the closure of the factory, the surrounding villages began to depopulate.
Following the demographic data, the government was obliged to adopt a policy that would stimulate birth rate.
Following the demographic data, the government was obliged to adopt a policy that would stimulate the birth rate.
Following the discussions, and in the presence of both Presidents, the “Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement between the Government of the Republic of Azerbaijan and the Government of the United Arab Emirates” was signed.
Following the docking failure of an unmanned Russian freighter to the International Space Station, its partners are considering a temporary mothballing of the station.
Following the heavy rainfall, there was a big flood.
Following the indications of the map, he traversed areas of the forests that he did not explore before.
Following the profit warning, shares in the company fell by over 15%.
Following the profit warning, shares in the company fell by over fifteen per cent.
Following the recent food supply and price crises, world leaders pledged to invest much more in agriculture, especially smallholder agriculture.
Following the riots, incidents of looting in affluent neighborhoods multiplied.
Following the rules and regulations is important.
Following the rules was a constraint on my creativity.
Following the same parenting style is very important. If a parent chooses to do one thing and the other parent does the opposite, the child is confused.
Following the status quo is easy, but that doesn't necessarily mean it's the right thing to do.
Following the text is an exercise which teachers can use to prompt pupils to speak.
Following the text is an exercise which teachers should use to prompt pupils to speak.
Following the text is an exercise. Teachers can use it to prompt pupils to speak.
Following the text is an exercise. Teachers should use it to prompt pupils to speak.
Following this class's instruction, you will develop a comprehensive perceptive of Japanese.
Following traffic rules is important.
Following urination I feel as though I still have to go more.
Following weeks of sustained protests, the government agreed to disband the controversial police unit on October 11.
Following yet another unsuccessful attempt, I finally gave up.
Following your heart isn't stupid.
Foma hasn't heard this song yet.
Foma is my older brother.
Foma is my younger brother.
Foma is young.
Fondness is one thing, sex with a minor is something else entirely.
Fontana says people on the low-calorie diet had hearts that looked 15 years younger compared with the control group that did not curb their appetites. But he says simply cutting calories isn't the formula for a healthier heart. It is paying attention to what you eat. "Calorie restriction does not mean eating half a hamburger, half a pack of French fries and half a glass of one of these sugary beverages."
Food Fight!
Food absorption happens after digestion.
Food absorption happens in the small intestine.
Food allergy sufferers can experience fatigue and brain fog as the immune system attacks a nonexistent invader.
Food and blankets were given out to the refugees.
Food and blankets were given to the refugees.
Food and clothes are necessities of life.
Food and cookware are stored in kitchen cabinets.
Food and drink are material needs.
Food and drink are not permitted in the library.
Food and drink are on the house.
Food and drink were served in such profusion at the wedding that the bride and groom began to wonder if they should not have invited more guests.
Food and sugar attract ants.
Food and utensils are stored in kitchen cabinets.
Food and water are extremely limited.
Food and water are scarce.
Food arrived on the table.
Food arrived.
Food arrives in an hour.
Food attracts dogs.
Food became more expensive.
Food can become so delicious just by putting in a little extra effort.
Food companies are jacking up prices under the cover of "inflation" and making record profits.
Food costs money.
Food decays more quickly in hot weather.
Food decays quickly in hot weather.
Food designers should make food substantial.
Food fight!
Food finally arrived on the table.
Food gives life, life gives strength and strength gives great feats.
Food goes bad easily in this season.
Food goes from the throat to the stomach.
Food got dearer.
Food got more expensive.
Food has become more expensive.
Food has been in short supply.
Food has got dearer.
Food has got more expensive.
Food has gotten more expensive.
Food has never tasted any better to me, especially since I've been away from it for such a long time.
Food here is expensive.
Food in Algeria is delicious.
Food industry and pharmaceutics are brother and sister.
Food intolerance causes fatigue.
Food is Mennad's drug of choice.
Food is a basic necessity.
Food is a necessity.
Food is absorbed into the circulatory system.
Food is always good.
Food is always necessary for life.
Food is an easy conversation opener to Algerian people.
Food is an important part of the Algerian culture.
Food is available.
Food is cheap in Germany.
Food is comprised of protein, carbohydrates, and fats.
Food is digested in the stomach.
Food is essential for living things.
Food is essential for survival.
Food is essential to life.
Food is food.
Food is fuel for our bodies.
Food is good.
Food is in short supply here.
Food is in short supply.
Food is inside me.
Food is like a drug, and the same areas of the brain are activated by food as by drug addiction.
Food is necessary for life.
Food is not love.
Food is not the only thing people have been stocking up on in California – there are also lines in front of some gun stores.
Food is one of life's greatest pleasures.
Food is one of the great pleasures in life.
Food is ready. We're having potatoes with spinach and fried eggs.
Food is running low.
Food is running out.
Food is scarce.
Food is still scarce in the region.
Food is the largest source of garbage in landfills.
Food is too expensive.
Food is what matters to people.
Food isn't going to jump into your mouth.
Food isn't very expensive in Algeria.
Food must be chewed well to be digested properly.
Food operators have innovated and developed a wide range of food products tailored to consumers’ dietary needs and concerns.
Food packaging reduces spoilage.
Food passes through the throat.
Food permissible for Muslims to eat is called halal food.
Food poisoning? I feel fine.
Food prices are at their highest level since the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization began keeping records in 1990.
Food prices are skyrocketing.
Food prices have been going up.
Food prices have skyrocketed.
Food prices have soared.
Food prices have surged.
Food prices rise steeply every January.
Food prices will come down soon, won't they?
Food prices will come down soon, won’t they?
Food processors are convenient for slicing vegetables.
Food processors tend to be shorter and wider than blenders.
Food production is a mainstay of the country's economy.
Food rationing intensified.
Food really does taste better when eaten with close friends.
Food safety experts say cantaloupes have been involved in nearly 40 outbreaks of foodborne disease over the past 20 years, but this is the first time the melons have been tainted by listeria.
Food security is threatened by climate change, which disrupts agricultural production in vulnerable regions.
Food sensitivities are related to sudden fatigue.
Food shipments were blocked.
Food should be chewed before being swallowed.
Food shouldn't be wasted.
Food shouldn't look like this.
Food spoils quickly in hot weather.
Food supplies at the fort were very low.
Food supplies will not last through the winter.
Food supply shows steady improvement.
Food tastes better when it is wrapped in a European flag.
Food tastes better when it is wrapped in the flag of the European Union.
Food tastes better when shared with friends and loved ones.
Food traceability is the ability to follow the movement of a food product and its ingredients through all steps in the supply chain, both backward and forward. Traceability involves documenting and linking the production, processing, and distribution chain of food products and ingredients. In the case of a foodborne illness outbreak or contamination event, efficient product tracing helps government agencies and those who produce and sell food to rapidly find the source of the product and where contamination may have occurred. This enables faster removal of the affected product from the marketplace, reducing incidences of foodborne illnesses.
Food was in very short supply.
Food wastage is a serious problem.
Food will also be available.
Food will attract bears.
Food will be available.
Food will be included.
Food will be ready soon.
Food works on our health.
Food you eat that you don't like will not be digested well.
Food you eat that you don’t like will not be digested well.
Food!
Food's ready!
Food, clothing and shelter are the basis of life.
Food, clothing and shelter are the foundations of survival.
Food. That's all what Ziri talks about.
Foods rich in vitamin E include dark-green, leafy vegetables, beans, nuts and whole-grain cereals.
Foods that seem to be domestic products but are actually foreign-made are flooding the market.
Foods you eat which you don't like will not digest well.
Foods you eat which you don’t like will not digest well.
Fool Sami once, shame on you. Fool him twice, watch your back.
Fool as he is, he knows how to make money.
Fool me once, I'm mad. Fool me twice, I'm twice as mad.
Fool me once, I'm mad. Fool me twice, how could you? Fool me three times, you're officially that guy, okay? You know him, you know the one. You go to the bar and he's like, "This suit is like, uh, officially it's a Giorgio Armani, actually my dad knows him." Fuck you! I ain't havin' that shit!
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me.
Fool!
Fool. I've only unleashed 1% of my power.
Fooled you!
Fooling a polygraph is pretty simple.
Foolish, foolish me.
Fools are happy.
Fools don't die out.
Fools only learn from what happens.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
Foot-and-mouth disease is highly contagious.
Football can be the ticket out of the grinding poverty of neighborhoods like Tavares Bastos, a poor community built on a hill overlooking Rio de Janeiro’s famous Flamengo beach. Jogo Bonito, as the game is often called, is part of life for residents of this favela, where most people work for minimum wage or in the informal economy.
Football clubs in Britain have traditionally played an important role in the communities which nurtured them into being.
Football fans around the world are mourning the sudden death Wednesday of Diego Maradona, one of the sport’s greatest players.
Football has spread all over the world.
Football has spread around the world.
Football is England's national game.
Football is a brain damaging sport for a brain damaged people.
Football is a funny old game.
Football is a game you play with your mates.
Football is a simple game. 22 men chase a ball for 90 minutes, and at the end the Germans always win.
Football is a sport for idiots. Why? The clubs are held back by Russian oligarchs and emirs.
Football is a sport.
Football is a team game.
Football is a team sport.
Football is a violent sport.
Football is an exciting game.
Football is an exciting sport.
Football is an old game.
Football is for crazy people.
Football is good.
Football is like a religion in this country.
Football is like that.
Football is more popular in Japan than it used to be.
Football is more popular than baseball.
Football is more popular than tennis.
Football is my favorite game.
Football is my favorite sport.
Football is my favourite sport.
Football is no sport for girls!
Football is not a game of chess.
Football is the best known sport in the world.
Football is the favourite sport of the French.
Football is the most known sport in the world.
Football is the most popular of all sports.
Football is the most popular sport in Brazil.
Football is the national sport of the Netherlands.
Football is the only sport that unites people.
Football is the opium of the people.
Football is the people's game.
Football is the world's most popular sport.
Football is very popular among Japanese schoolchildren.
Football is very popular among Japanese students.
Football is very popular in Spain.
Football isn't just a game.
Football manager and former player Iain Dowie coined the word 'bouncebackability'.
Football matches are complicated by the presence of the opposing team.
Football matches are complicated by the presence of the opposition.
Football matches have three referees.
Football matches in Spain, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, and Slovenia — among other countries — will go on as scheduled, but in empty stadiums.
Football means everything to Tom.
Football originally meant "a game played with a ball on foot" - unlike a game played on horseback, such as polo.
Football pitches are rectangular.
Football players in their 40's are not particularly saleable.
Football players make a lot of money.
Football programmes are usually A5-sized booklets which are sold on the day a match is taking place. They're usually produced by the home football club, meaning a programme for the City versus United game is produced by City. Ostensibly, they're about that forthcoming match, and have team news and information, interviews with people at the club, often a piece written by the home team's manager, news about the opposing team, and so on. They're usually regarded as memorabilia.
Football spread all over the world.
Football spread around the world.
Football supporters have poured scorn on the suggestions.
Football supporters were pouring out of the station, singing their songs.
Football was played in China in the second century.
Football's not a game of chess.
Footballers can earn a great deal of money.
Footballers can earn a lot of money.
Footballers earn a lot of money.
Footballers make a lot of money.
Footballers wear shin pads.
Footnotes are notes at the foot of a page.
Footnotes have been provided.
Footprints left on the Moon by the Apollo 11 astronauts will still be visible to Moon visitors 1 million years from now.
Footprints were left on the floor.
Footsteps could be heard approaching in the dark.
Footsteps outside the house. It sounded like someone jumping from the wall.
For $20,000 to $50,000, they purchased houses that would cost $200,000 in fancier parts of town.
For 135 million years, dinosaurs ruled the Earth as the dominant terrestrial vertebrates, from about 200 million years ago until the cataclysm that wiped them out 66 million years ago.
For 21 days in August, more than 10,000 athletes from around the world will compete in the Summer Olympic Games in Beijing. While they come in pursuit of personal dreams, they will also represent their respective countries. For spectators and supporters from the more than 200 countries participating, the Olympics are a chance to cheer for their countrymen and women. For the athletes themselves, national pride is a powerful motivator.
For 30 years there were no recorded sightings of yellow-spotted bell frogs and scientists thought they were extinct. However, a small group of these rare frogs was found near the New South Wales town of Yass in 2009 on the Southern Tablelands.
For 32 years, I've been living in suffering!
For 381 days, the buses of Montgomery travelled back and forth on their routes, almost empty.
For 91-year-old Ruth Bogel, a dainty white lace dress on an antique doll brings back memories of the handmade clothes her mother sewed for her as a child in a small town in the southwestern state of Oklahoma.
For Akli, words do not have any meaning.
For Algeria, gas is a strategic asset.
For Algeria, such instability is a security risk.
For Algeria, this is actually great.
For Americans, you can read the Bible by your own.
For British pensioners living in Europe, the anxiety has been compounded by watching the purchasing power of the pound weaken as sterling fell in value after the Brexit vote.
For Calvin, God has already decided our fate.
For Christ is of those who are humble-minded, not of those who exalt themselves over His flock.
For Christ's sake, leave the man alone.
For Christ's sake, stop it!
For Christians, Easter is a time of reflection.
For Christmas, I crocheted slippers for my family and friends.
For Christmas, I got this book.
For Christmas, he bought her the book Alice in Wonderland.
For Christmas, she gave me a book.
For Christmas, we will be in the mountains.
For Donald, writing is the best way of articulating his thoughts.
For Dutch people, it's easy to learn English.
For English, most Japanese target reading ability. Few Japanese today can pronounce English fluently. The sounds are too difficult. In contrast, they cherish the phonology of Italian because it sounds similar to their own language, but different in texture. English is like the yearly pink cherry blossoms, the "sakura." Within a few days during spring, the pink petals are all blown away.
For English, press 1.
For Fadil, the burning question was why.
For Gabriel, everything is beautiful.
For Gadda, the world is baroque.
For Germany, for Europe, and for the West, Merkel’s departure marks the end of a political era.
For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.
For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son.
For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believeth in Him shall not perish, but have everlasting life.
For God to pardon our sins, we first have to sin.
For God's sake Bob, lighten up.
For God's sake don't tell it to anyone.
For God's sake tell me the truth.
For God's sake!
For God's sake, I've had enough already! Just shut up.
For God's sake, Tom, what the hell is it?
For God's sake, Tom, what the hell is this?
For God's sake, don't call him.
For God's sake, don't get upset!
For God's sake, get me out of here!
For God's sake, how could you do something like that?
For God's sake, tomorrow's left behind.
For God's sake, what are you up to now?
For God's sake, what happened?
For God's sake, whose side are they on?
For God's sake.
For God’s sake don’t tell it to anyone.
For God’s sake give me the young man who has brains enough to make a fool of himself!
For God’s sake tell me the truth.
For God’s sake!
For God’s sake, tomorrow’s left behind.
For Halloween, let's decorate our house like a spookhouse to give the children a good scare.
For Hawking, writing this book was not easy.
For I call the whole universe nothing, Except you, my rose; in it you are my everything.
For I cannot return to my father without the boy, lest I be a witness of the calamity that will oppress my father.
For I know that he will command his children, and his household after him, to keep the way of the Lord, and do judgment and justice: that for Abraham's sake, the Lord may bring to effect all the things he hath spoken unto him.
For I will at this time send all my plagues upon thy heart, and upon thy servants, and upon thy people; that thou mayst know that there is none like me in all the earth.
For I will give you an ointment given to my maid by the servants of Venus and Cupid; when you smell it, you will ask the gods to make you, Fabullus, all a nose.
For I will require the blood of your lives at the hand of every beast, and at the hand of man, at the hand of every man, and of his brother, will I require the life of man.
For I will stretch forth my hand, and will strike Egypt with all my wonders which I will do in the midst of them: after these he will let you go.
For Israel's eyes were dim by reason of his great age, and he could not see clearly.
For Italy, Algeria is a major export partner of gas.
For Jake Teitelbaum, the plain beige socks he was given in the hospital summed up everything he hated about cancer treatment.
For Jews, prayer is a communal thing. We relate to the Almighty primarily as a community and not as individuals.
For Karim, she embodies the values of Bangladeshi women.
For Layla, a part-time lover is not enough.
For Layla, the nightmare was just beginning.
For Lisa, it has always been hard to read such texts.
For Marissa Smith, a recent college graduate working in Washington, biking is one of the cheapest and most equitable modes of transportation. "Almost anyone can afford a bike," she said.
For Markku Liisa's comment was a slap in the face.
For Mary, Tom would do that.
For Mary, it was a dream come true. She was so happy that she didn't know what to do with herself.
For Mary, it's always a pleasure to help people.
For Mary, the gun is a weapon.
For NASA, space is still a high priority.
For New Year's Eve, a good conscience is better than punch and a good bite to eat.
For New Year's, I will stay here with you.
For Newton, as for Boyle and Descartes, there were laws of nature only because there had been a (Divine) Legislator.
For Norwegians, it is normally not difficult to understand what a Swede is saying.
For Paris-based actress and dancer Claire Tran, France’s lockdown that started mid-March came as a shock.
For Pete's sake turn that music down!
For Pete's sake, grow a funny bone, will you?
For Pharaoh went in on horseback with his chariots and horsemen into the sea: and the Lord brought back upon them the waters of the sea: but the children of Israel walked on dry ground in the midst thereof.
For Ramanujan, mathematics meant finding formulas.
For Ramanujan, maths meant finding formulas.
For Robin, no one is as important as Tim.
For Sami, killing was an easy means to an end.
For Sami, life goes on.
For Sami, not dwelling on the past was a struggle.
For Sami, the murder had to look like an accident.
For Sami, the world seemed a happy place.
For Serbia and Hungary, Russia's coronavirus vaccine has been a godsend, allowing both countries to accelerate their inoculation drives.
For Simonsen, the slow road to healing is easier now with his four-legged friend at his side.
For Skura, love enhances her life.
For St. Valentine's Day, I wrote my wife's name with rose petals.
For Tom it is quantity, not quality, that counts.
For Tom it's quantity, not quality, that counts.
For Tom it's quantity, not quality, which counts.
For Tom so loved the world that he gave his one and only daughter, Mary, that whoever believes in her shall not perish but have eternal life.
For Tom to get that question wrong, you wouldn't think he actually went to Harvard.
For Tom, being made redundant was an unexpected shock.
For Tom, doing that was easy.
For Tom, every day is an endless picnic.
For Tom, everyone is just a number.
For Tom, gaming is an addiction.
For Tom, getting fired was an unexpected shock.
For Tom, getting sacked was an unexpected shock.
For Tom, it was Mary who was in the wrong.
For Tom, it was a dream come true.
For Tom, it was still some kind of unattainable dream.
For Tom, life was perfect.
For Tom, the nightmare was just beginning.
For Tom, this moment was the highlight of the day.
For Tony, only knowledge and ability are important.
For Valentine's day, I used rose petals to spell out my sweetheart's name.
For Yanni, Berber is not just a hobby. It's his life.
For Yanni, every second in that prison cell was an eternity.
For Yanni, that kind of life sounded ideal.
For Yanni, this is catastrophic.
For Yuri, things eventually went back to normal.
For Ziri, this is normal life.
For Zola, the novel is a slice of life.
For a European it is very difficult to understand Islamic architecture correctly, because it originates from completely different traditions than European architecture.
For a European, it's very hard to understand Islamic architecture since it's made from very different traditions than those of European architecture.
For a Japanese woman, Miyu is unusually outspoken.
For a Monday, I feel pretty good.
For a Soviet Jew to have concern for their own people was viewed as "bourgeois nationalism," despite the intensely nationalist character of the Soviet Union from Stalin on.
For a baby giraffe, its first few weeks are the most critical.
For a beginner, Tom is pretty good.
For a bit of a change from red meat, for tonight I've cooked turkey breasts in mushroom sauce.
For a bit of a change from red meat, for tonight I’ve cooked turkey breasts in mushroom sauce.
For a book to sell well, there needs to be a pretty girl on the cover, and the book will sell all the better, the less cover there is on the pretty girl.
For a brat, you've said something very mature.
For a bribe, a traffic policeman agreed not to take away a driver's license.
For a bungler like me, I think I really did my best.
For a business owner, having a clear overview of one's entire business is vital.
For a cat, a mouse's point of view isn't important.
For a century, the Vandals ruled North Africa with an iron fist.
For a change, I got up very early today.
For a charming week we wandered up the Valley of the Rhone, and then, branching off at Leuk, we made our way over the Gemmi Pass, still deep in snow, and so, by way of Interlaken, to Meiringen.
For a comedian, Tom isn't all that funny.
For a comedian, Tom's not all that funny.
For a comedian, remembering the words is the easy part.
For a couple of years now I've believed that at all times I can be wrong about anything, including that belief.
For a cut in the insurance money, Sami helped Layla kill her husband.
For a day or two we were busily employed in unpacking and laying out our property to the best advantage. That done, we gradually began to settle down and to accommodate ourselves to our new surroundings.
For a day, I had been overworking myself.
For a deep clean, run an empty dishwasher cycle with vinegar or baking soda.
For a delirious word there is no answer.
For a display where the data items increase and decrease I think you are best making use of a spreadsheet program, not Access.
For a drunk, as for a child, there is no danger.
For a fatherless Kabyle child, to show that he accepts his affliction, a saying makes him say: "It does not matter who will marry my mother, I will be his stepson."
For a few days now, I've been waiting for that letter to come.
For a few days now, I've been waiting for this letter to come.
For a few days now, I've felt the need to write to you.
For a few minutes there was silence between them.
For a few minutes, there was no reply.
For a few moments, there was complete silence.
For a few seconds, Yanni sat there, transfixed.
For a few seconds, we looked at each other in silence, and then we both burst out laughing.
For a few seconds, we looked at each other in silence. Then we both burst out laughing.
For a few weeks, nothing special has happened.
For a foreigner, you speak very good English.
For a fortnight, not one drop of rain fell.
For a fortune, a fortune and a half.
For a friend, seven miles is no barrier.
For a full day from today please.
For a gendered language, the Spanish word "su" sure is neutral.
For a girl of her age, Mary expresses very clever, remarkable thoughts.
For a girl, after 30, it's downhill all the way.
For a girl, after 30, it’s downhill all the way.
For a guy who was chosen by his father as the only son to be taught the secrets of this martial art, he doesn't have that much of a kick.
For a guy who was chosen by his father as the only son to be taught the secrets of this martial art, he doesn’t have much of a kick.
For a half hour I waited in vain.
For a healthier future, it’s a good idea to follow my advice and quit smoking.
For a healthy cheerful guy like that to get sick is like the devil getting sunstroke. Everyone is talking about it.
For a language to be international, it does not suffice to say that it is so.
For a language to be universal, it is not enough to call it that.
For a language to have a lot of sentences on Tatoeba, either a lot of speakers need to each create a few sentences, or a few speakers need to create a lot. For most languages, neither of these conditions are met.
For a limited time only.
For a linguist, Tagalog's grammar may seem more complicated than English's or Chinese's. Yet, the complexities in Tagalog's grammar aren't so nit-picky, hair-falling-off like English's "their" versus "they're" versus "there" or "every day" versus "everyday."
For a little over four years, there was no food, there were no clothes and boys about the age of seventeen and under went around naked.
For a long minute, the judge was silent.
For a long moment, the two looked at each other.
For a long time
For a long time I didn't wear a tie.
For a long time I have wanted a mother, just like other boys.
For a long time I wanted to meet him.
For a long time I wondered if I should move to Rome or Paris, but at last I decided to stay in Berlin.
For a long time I've been fucking burnt out.
For a long time after it was ushered into this world of sorrow and trouble, by the parish surgeon, it remained a matter of considerable doubt whether the child would survive to bear any name at all; in which case it is somewhat more than probable that these memoirs would never have appeared; or, if they had, that being comprised within a couple of pages, they would have possessed the inestimable merit of being the most concise and faithful specimen of biography, extant in the literature of any age or country.
For a long time society was strongly hierarchal and unequal, primarily composed of peasants. The most backward, impoverished population, were crushed by the weight of the taxes, wars, and famines.
For a long time they remained thus locked in one another's arms, without thought of aught else, for they imagined that love had nothing further to bestow.
For a long time we led the life of freebooters, robbing and plundering wherever we went, and dissipating the proceeds of our robberies in the wildest debauchery.
For a long time!
For a long time, I couldn’t think well.
For a long time, I stood there pondering what to do.
For a long time, I used to believe the same thing you do.
For a long time, I wanted to do this.
For a long time, I was married to a man who was unpredictable and cruel. I got out of it because I thought I deserved better.
For a long time, I've had a habit of going to bed early.
For a long time, Sami was absolutely right.
For a long time, Tom just sat there and listened.
For a long time, every furrow that was turned revealed some fragments of the fight.
For a long time, he has desired to take part in the horse race.
For a long time, my life has been yours.
For a long time, no village girl would dress her hair or bosom with the sweetest flower from that field of death.
For a long time, philosophers thought that knowledge was justified true belief.
For a long time, she didn't know who the donor was.
For a long time, society was strongly hierarchical and unequal, primarily composed of peasants. The most backward, impoverished segment of the population, they were crushed by the weight of taxes, wars, and famines.
For a long time, there were wounded trees upon the battle-ground; and scraps of hacked and broken fence and wall, where deadly struggles had been made; and trampled parts where not a leaf or blade would grow.
For a lot of museums, it’s a very sad moment.
For a man of seventy, he still has surprising vigour.
For a man, passion is a torrent; for a woman, an abyss.
For a man, physical relationships are very important.
For a minute or so, no one came.
For a minute, there was a deadly silence.
For a moment I felt lost.
For a moment I forgot what her name was.
For a moment I stood a little puzzled by this curious request, not knowing exactly how to take it, whether humorously or in earnest. But concentrating all his crow’s feet into one scowl, Captain Peleg started me on the errand.
For a moment I thought I lost my sight!
For a moment I thought I was going to die.
For a moment I thought I was going to sneeze.
For a moment Mary did not seem to understand what Tom was saying.
For a moment he stood motionless, as if turned to stone.
For a moment she could not remember where she was.
For a moment she felt glad at heart, for she knew that she had the finest voice either in the sea or on land.
For a moment the knife quivered in her grasp, then she threw it far out among the waves now rosy in the morning light, and where it fell the water bubbled up like drops of blood.
For a moment there, I thought Tom might refuse our offer.
For a moment there, I thought he had gone mad.
For a moment there, you sounded just like Tom.
For a moment, I couldn't remember where I was.
For a moment, I didn't know where I was.
For a moment, I thought I was going to die.
For a moment, I thought I'd gone blind.
For a moment, I thought I'd gone deaf.
For a moment, I was left speechless.
For a moment, Tom and Mary were too stunned to move.
For a moment, Tom and Mary were too surprised to speak.
For a moment, Tom couldn't remember where he was.
For a moment, Tom just stood there.
For a moment, Tom was too stunned to move.
For a moment, Tom was too surprised to speak.
For a moment, Tom's guard was down.
For a moment, everything was dark and scary.
For a moment, he thought of going after the man.
For a moment, it looked as if Tom might start crying.
For a moment, it looked like Tom might cry.
For a moment, no one spoke.
For a moment, time seemed to stand still.
For a month he was in and out of my house, and never once did it cross my mind that harm might come of his soft, tricky ways.
For a more authentic texture, use a mortar and pestle instead of a blender.
For a non-smoker, the mouth of a smoker tastes like ash and smoke.
For a panicked people, defeat is victory.
For a patient, minutes seem as long as hours.
For a period of sixteen years Verdi wrote no operas. Then he produced his two great works, Othello and Falstaff.
For a person who is in good physical condition, climbing mountains is a cinch.
For a pillow like this all men do yearn but that - quite frankly - is not my concern.
For a professional, he gave a poor account of himself in today's game.
For a professional, he gave a poor account of himself in today’s game.
For a prohibition to be accepted with respect, the reasons for it should be logical and clear.
For a proof therefore of her fidelity, she kept the garment, and shewed it to her husband when he returned home: And said: The Hebrew servant, whom thou hast brought, came to me to abuse me. And when he heard me cry, he left the garment which I held, and fled out.
For a propeller-powered aircraft, the gas that is accelerated, or the working fluid, is the surrounding air that passes through the propeller.
For a refund, you must return the item unopened.
For a rough branch, a keen axe is needed.
For a second or two we might have been a group of statues.
For a second there I thought I was a goner.
For a second, just a second, I thought that you really loved me, but I was wrong.
For a select group of Iraqis and Syrians, the perilous journey by foot, boat, train and bus winds up at the Cergy-Pontoise recreation center located in a suburb of Paris — at least for now. Hundreds are being bussed from Germany, which is grappling with a record influx of asylum seekers.
For a short period of time, wide neckties were in style.
For a short time meat was available for eating: deer, turkey, and such in abundance, but without bullets, gunpowder, caps, and such, it was a time when we could not kill and eat wild game.
For a short time, Tom lived in Australia.
For a short time, Tom lived in Boston.
For a side dish, there will be buckwheat.
For a start let me introduce Mary to you.
For a start, I visited Jerusalem - a sacred place for three major religions.
For a start, he was the illegitimate son of an unmarried mother.
For a start, we have a very incomplete knowledge of the earth's biota.
For a strong immune system, drink plenty of liquids, eat a balanced diet and pay attention to your sleeping patterns.
For a thief, all roads lead to prison.
For a thousand years, humankind has known peace, but now is the time of the Fourth Great War, as evil has been unleashed again throughout the worlds.
For a time absolute silence brooded upon the sylvan scene, save for the humming of insects and the twittering of birds.
For a time, he was a squatter in the abandoned building down the street.
For a time, things were peaceful.
For a very small child what I recommend is to fill the house with storybooks, props and tools and all kinds of things that reflect all of the diversity within your home.
For a wedding gift, I'm going to buy you a car.
For a week I have been drinking myself into a brutal oblivion—or trying to do so; I came to you in a nerveless and half imbecile state.
For a while after the new school year began, I looked for somewhere I could fit in.
For a while now I've heard them moan all day.
For a while now, I have received some very strange messages.
For a while now, Tom has been thinking about emigrating.
For a while now, researchers have boasted the health benefits of red wine, including a lower risk of heart disease and degenerative diseases like Alzheimer’s. In which case, drinking a glass of wine a day seems harmless, even beneficial. But a team of researchers from Harvard TH Chan School of Public Health and Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston have busted our wine-infused bubble, finding that just that one glass can increase the risk of breast cancer.
For a while she did nothing but stare at me.
For a while the prince thought, till presently his form straightened itself, and with a quick movement he lifted up his head.
For a while they both wondered whether or not he'd heard the question.
For a while you will stay here with us.
For a while, I didn't realize what was going on.
For a while, I didn't say anything.
For a while, I was really addicted to cola and drank it every day.
For a while, I was really into cola, drinking it every day.
For a while, I was really into cola- drinking it every day.
For a while, Layla tolerated Sami's infidelities.
For a while, Tom seemed reluctant to participate.
For a while, Ziri did not take his eyes off Rima.
For a while, there was silence.
For a while, things seemed to be fine.
For a while, we looked at each other in silence.
For a whole day my companion had rambled about the room with his chin upon his chest and his brows knitted, charging and recharging his pipe with the strongest black tobacco, and absolutely deaf to any of my questions or remarks.
For a whole week, their way was blocked by huge amounts of fallen snow.
For a whole year, she ignored me.
For a wise person one word is enough!
For a writer there is no dearth of detractors.
For a year, Tom shuttled between Paris and Berlin.
For abusing power to amass wealth by corrupt means, he and his two sons, who have been named co-defendants, face five- to 15-year sentences.
For accurate study results questions must be asked verbatim.
For adults, after a certain age, life is no longer a game.
For advice, he depended on close friends.
For aesthetic reasons, many young people neglect the need to wear a helmet when riding a motorcycle.
For after the time came of the ewes conceiving, I lifted up my eyes and saw in my sleep that the males which leaped upon the females were of divers colours, and spotted, and speckled.
For afters, there was rice pudding with sugar and cinnamon.
For ages, man has been fighting against disease.
For all I knew, Tom could be dead.
For all I know, Tom could be a cop.
For all I know, Tom could be a crook.
For all I know, Tom could be dead.
For all I know, Tom could be doing that right now.
For all I know, Tom could be in Boston right now.
For all I know, Tom could be right.
For all I know, he could be in Paris right now.
For all I know, he may have contributed to this mess.
For all I know, he was born in Italy.
For all I know, he's a criminal.
For all I know, he's a friendly guy.
For all I know, he’s a criminal.
For all Tom knew, Mary might be in Boston with John.
For all flesh is as grass, and all the glory of man as the flower of grass.
For all her efforts, she didn't succeed.
For all her efforts, she didn’t succeed.
For all her fault, they loved her.
For all her riches she is not happy.
For all her riches, she's not happy.
For all her riches, she’s not happy.
For all her wealth, she does not look happy.
For all her wealth, she is not happy.
For all his city ways, he is a country boy at heart.
For all his cleverness, he is always reluctant to give his views.
For all his efforts, he didn't succeed.
For all his efforts, he didn’t succeed.
For all his efforts, he failed the exam.
For all his efforts, he was not paid well.
For all his experience, he had no idea what to do with it.
For all his failures, he did not feel so at all.
For all his faults, I like him.
For all his faults, Sam is still a very likable person.
For all his faults, Tom had a fundamental sense of decency.
For all his faults, he is a good fellow.
For all his genius he is as obscure as ever.
For all his genius, he is as unknown as ever.
For all his life he had thirsted for vengeance.
For all his political activities he was in essence a singer.
For all his riches he is not happy.
For all his riches, he is not quite contented.
For all his success, Tom was regarded by all as a fluke.
For all his supposed psychic powers, he could not predict his own death.
For all his wealth and fame, he is a lonely man.
For all his wealth and fame, he is unhappy.
For all his wealth, he is not contented.
For all his wealth, he is not happy.
For all his wealth, he is not very happy.
For all his wealth, he is unhappy.
For all his wealth, he lives a simple life.
For all his wealth, he was still unhappy.
For all intents and purposes, Donald Trump is a fascist.
For all intents and purposes, he's a fascist.
For all man's sins damned we shall be.
For all mans sins damned we shall be.
For all my life, I was a liar. That's why people liked me.
For all of history, we thought we were alone in the universe. Until this day.
For all of human history, we've been banding together in groups.
For all of us, the night will descend and the stagecoach will arrive.
For all other requests, please hold the line.
For all our efforts, things have not turned out better.
For all our outward differences, we, in fact, all share the same proud title, the most important office in a democracy: Citizen.
For all practical purposes, that word is obsolete.
For all the city's vaunted progressivism, it has some of the highest private school enrollment numbers in the country.
For all the money he has, he is not happy.
For all their serious wounds, all of them were in good spirits.
For all those things which are qualities of the tangible object, qua tangible, we perceive by touch.
For all we know, Tom could be a doctor.
For all we know, Tom could be in Australia.
For all we know, Tom could be in Boston.
For all we know, Tom could be over thirty.
For all we know, Tom might be in Boston.
For all you say about him, I still like him.
For all you say, I still believe in the truth of the theory.
For almost 20 years, humans have lived and worked continuously aboard the International Space Station, advancing scientific knowledge and demonstrating new technologies, making research breakthroughs not possible on Earth.
For almost a month, you haven't had any more news from Tom.
For amusement, I went for a long drive all by myself in Eastern Washington, then Western Washington. There were small towns with antique shops, savage forests and marshes, and long beaches. I ate in a Chinese restaurant that seemed like it was in the Old Wild West. My souvenir from my trip was an antique brass bugle.
For an English speaker every comma is to be avoided.
For an adventure you do not necessarily have to pay.
For an aromatic coffee, the beans should be freshly ground.
For an easy and healthy preparation of fresh mackerel fillets or steaks, broil the mackerel with a mixture of parsley, tarragon, and thyme.
For an hour he droned away upon his violin, endeavouring to soothe his own ruffled spirits.
For an hour or more that evening I listened to his monotonous chirrup.
For an idea to germinate and to be fruitful, it is necessary to scatter its seeds in the appropriate season.
For an instant he was rigid and motionless. Then his finger tightened on the trigger.
For an instant, time seemed to freeze.
For an instant, time seemed to stand still.
For an old man he gets about very well.
For another whole week she lavished the tenderest care on him.
For any star, it's possible to calculate the range of distances where orbiting planets could have liquid water on the surface. This is called the star's habitable zone.
For any type of organisation, internal harmony and unity are important factors in deciding its success or failure.
For anybody coming to see us in Dublin, here is the Facebook event page!
For appearances sake, I went.
For as long as I can remember, I was always destined and set for success.
For as long as I can remember, I've always enjoyed learning English.
For as long as I live, I'll never forget that I saw her.
For as long as Tom could remember, his parents had been overweight.
For as long as it takes.
For as the young people went by with their despatch-boxes, awfully glad to be free, proud too, dumbly, of stepping this famous pavement, joy of a kind, cheap, tinselly, if you like, but all the same rapture, flushed their faces.
For beginner credit cards, cashback is almost always better than other reward systems.
For being able to use the language better, and understand it better, you need to learn new words.
For being such an expensive wine, it really should taste better than this.
For best viewing, NASA recommends going away from bright city lights to darker areas.
For better or for worse, television has changed the world.
For better or worse, all we can do is leave the matter in his hands.
For better or worse, she will have the operation tomorrow.
For better or worse, there is nothing for it but to leave the matter in his hands.
For better or worse, there is nothing to do but to leave the matter in his hands.
For better or worse, we can't do anything but leave this matter up to him.
For better or worse, we can’t do anything but leave this matter up to him.
For better or worse, we will have to confront them with the truth.
For birds, especially blackbirds and sparrows, it is normal to leave the nest when they are not yet able to fly and to spend a few days walking about. And it is at this stage that many of them end up being picked up and taken home by humans with good intentions but so ignorant of what is really best for these birds. And once taken home, it opens the dramatic chapter of "what do I feed it?" and "how do I teach it to fly?"
For birthdays, Valentines Day, Halloween and Christmas - chocolate is everywhere.
For both translations, I often have to use the dictionary and I notice that there are too few scientific terms.
For breakfast I have two slices of toast with marmalade and black tea.
For breakfast, I had two eggs and a burnt piece of toast.
For breakfast, I usually only eat fruit.
For breakfast, Sandra had a slice of bread and a cup of coffee.
For breakfast, Sandra has a slice of bread and a cup of coffee.
For breakfast, Tom had bacon and eggs and a cup of coffee.
For breakfast, Tom had chocolate cakes baked by Mary.
For breakfast, Tom had some chocolate cakes Mary had baked.
For cattle, it should be said, can swim much better and for a much longer time than men; and no living creatures surpass them in this respect unless it be the aquatic birds and the fish.
For centuries Cracow was the capital of Poland.
For centuries now, Algiers has been Algeria's largest city.
For centuries, Mongols forged a chilling reputation as predators.
For centuries, arsenic was a weapon of choice for poisoners.
For centuries, astronomers believed that the Milky Way made up the entire universe. Hubble was among the first to show that the fuzzy patches in the sky seen through telescopes were other galaxies, not distant parts of the Milky Way.
For centuries, foreign language teaching focused on reading and writing.
For centuries, friends and family chanted songs, youngsters danced, and cooks dished out traditional delicacies when Indian wedding festivities got under way.
For centuries, it was thought that Venus could not be habitable without terraforming.
For centuries, people have been complaining about the short attention span of the current generation.
For centuries, this place had attracted immigrants of all kinds.
For certain tasks, my computer can be very useful.
For certain things it's very coherent.
For certain, no one will look for this sentence.
For chicken lovers in Singapore, this lab-grown chicken will soon be available in nugget form as the country has given the OK for San Francisco-based startup Eat Just to sell the meat.
For children up to 5 years old, family breakdown can be difficult to understand.
For children, everything is play.
For children, poverty is akin to a punishment for a crime that they have never committed.
For children, this world is full of wonders and miracles.
For children, “le Cirque du Soleil” is an unforgettable show.
For choice, I'll take this one.
For choice, I’ll take this one.
For christ's sake, this is useless!
For circumstantial evidence, that's plenty.
For circumstantial evidence, that’s plenty.
For clarity, we'll give an example.
For code type locks that don’t need a key there are ’free dial’ systems where you can set any number you like and fixed types where the number is set in advance.
For code-type locks that don't need a key, there are 'free dial' systems where you can set any number you like, and fixed types where the number is set in advance.
For comfortable weekly shopping you have to have a car.
For companies profiting from the English industry, it's more convenient for them that Japanese people stay bad at English forever.
For comparison, investigators sprayed grasses and leaves near other ponds with a solution of sweet fragrances only. Both baits contained a dye that marked any mosquito making contact, so scientists could count how many had actually fed on the lure.
For comparison, lava from volcano eruptions can be anywhere between 700 and 1,200°C.
For computer people, days are like years without the internet.
For context, I live in Algeria.
For corn's sake!
For costume, she adopted oak-leaf green.
For cross-country skiing, one uses narrower and longer skis than for alpine skiing.
For crying out loud!
For crying out loud! I'm going to be late.
For crying out loud, get over it.
For crying out loud, what're you doing?
For crying out loud.
For days now most of the children have gone unwashed—there are only a handful of washing facilities available for a burgeoning population of asylum-seekers that U.N. officials here say numbers 12,000 people.
For days, Antonio looked for an end to the desert, but with no success.
For days, Mary has had a headache.
For decades scientists warned that the accelerating sea level rise would eventually put coastlines in many countries at risk.
For decades the bronzed, blond and blue-eyed lifesaver has been an Australian icon.
For decades, Algeria did nothing but pay lip service to economic diversification.
For decades, Algeria has been absent from the global stage.
For decades, Algeria relied on oil and gas revenue and neglected economic diversification.
For decades, Algeria's National Liberation Front party controlled the nation's parliament.
For decades, Americans have migrated toward urban areas seeking opportunities, emptying out large swaths of countryside.
For decades, Americans have migrated toward urban areas seeking opportunities, emptying out large swaths of countryside. In their wake, they have left shrinking communities that struggle to support multiple businesses, schools and hospitals.
For decades, Israel has offered financial incentives for businesses to come to the West Bank.
For decades, UBI was dismissed as a fringe economic idea.
For decades, Universal Basic Income was dismissed as a fringe economic idea.
For decades, distribution of vaccines in Africa and other warm regions has been hampered by the need to keep the vaccines refrigerated—a major challenge in remote areas without electric power.
For decades, looking for life elsewhere in the universe meant listening for signals that could be from distant civilizations. But recent breakthroughs in space technology refocused some of that effort toward finding planets that may harbor life, even in its primitive form.
For decades, many Americans have viewed owning their own home as a tangible symbol of the American Dream.
For decades, many high school and college students have participated in Model U.N. - a conference simulating a U.N. gathering to teach students about diplomacy and international relations.
For decades, many naturalists have called for re-classification of the African forest elephant. It is smaller than its free-ranging savannah counterpart. Its tusks are longer, thinner, and straighter, with a suggestion of pink to them. Its skull shape is also different. But appearance alone was insufficient to prove they were a different species, as University of Washington conservation biologist Samuel Wasser points out.
For decades, scientists have been trying to figure out exactly how pulsars work.
For decades, the National Liberation Front party controlled Algeria's national assembly.
For decades, the discount French department store chain Tati was a go-to place for shoppers hunting for bargains and simply the experience.
For dehydration, take a lick of salt.
For delayed flights, seasonal adjustments are made on the basis of the original flight date and so refunds of air-mile difference will not be made.
For departing out of Raphidim, and coming to the desert of Sinai, they camped in the same place, and there Israel pitched their tents over against the mountain.
For departures from Stockholm or Oslo, click here.
For dessert, I usually eat fruit.
For dessert, Marie had made her chocolate cake and a fruit salad.
For dessert, Tom ordered chocolate parfait with vanilla ice cream.
For dessert, we are having yogurt with strawberry and banana slices today.
For dessert, we'll have vanilla ice cream with chocolate sprinkles.
For detecting drugs or hidden explosives, there's no technology that can match a dog's nose.
For detecting drugs or hidden explosives, there’s no technology that can match a dog’s nose.
For die-hard advocates of free markets and limited government, the abrupt change in direction is horrifying.
For dinner I had only fruit.
For dinner I only had a little fruit.
For dinner I'll only have hot milk.
For dinner we eat in the dining room.
For dinner we had fried shiitake with pak choi.
For dinner, I had lamb cooked four different ways.
For dinner, she prepared raclette and green salad.
For dinner, we ate the fish we caught that day.
For dinner, we had sole. What did you have for dinner last night?
For dinner, we just ate sandwiches.
For dinner, we went back to my place.
For dinner, we will eat couscous with raisins.
For distances, if 100 meters is said it's exactly 100 meters.
For distances, if 100 meters is said it’s exactly 100 meters.
For dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return.
For each day, she gets 90000 rials.
For each his own golden calf.
For each person there is a sentence—a series of words—which has the power to destroy him. Another sentence exists, another series of words, which will heal the person.
For eighteen years, Tove spent every summer on a remote island in the Finnish archipelago.
For electric stovetops, make sure the burners and coils are clean and dry.
For even as we celebrate tonight, we know the challenges that tomorrow will bring are the greatest of our lifetime â€” two wars, a planet in peril, the worst financial crisis in a century.
For even as we celebrate tonight, we know the challenges that tomorrow will bring are the greatest of our lifetime — two wars, a planet in peril, the worst financial crisis in a century.
For every action there is always an equal and opposite reaction.
For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction.
For every action, there is a corresponding reaction.
For every conceivable situation, Mary has a fitting quote from classical literature at the ready.
For every given male character, there is a female version of that character.
For every law, there's always someone trying to circumvent it.
For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind.
For every nationality, Yiddish has separate words for Jews and non-Jews.
For every one that doeth evil hateth the light, neither cometh to the light, lest his deeds should be reproved.
For every problem, there is an answer that is short, simple, and wrong.
For every reason that is best.
For every tarantula you find and bring to me, I'll give you five hundred dinars.
For every ten m.p.h of speed you should allow one car-length of space between you and the car in front.
For every winner, there are several losers. Odds are you're one of them.
For everyone comes a time when his conscience catches up with him.
For everything to stay the same, everything must change.
For everything you gain, you lose something else.
For example in Bulgaria, shaking one's head means yes while nodding one's head means no.
For example in Bulgaria, shaking one’s head means yes while nodding one’s head means no.
For example the participants study ways that structures can be planned to save electricity and water, as well as to be “bioclimatic,” which means that they adapt to the surrounding environment. In the northern capital of Hanoi, it is more useful to firm up insulation and conserve heat to keep people warm in the winter. But in contrast in the southern metropolis of Ho Chi Minh City there are just two seasons — rainy and dry — and not much need to heat buildings. Instead designers can consider how to position southern buildings to take advantage of wind tunnels, which bring natural ventilation in the humid climate, or to soak up sun rays to generate the most solar power possible.
For example, China's public transport is without a doubt better than the UK's, but the UK's public welfare may be better than China's.
For example, China’s public transport is without a doubt better than the UK’s, but the UK’s public welfare may be better than China’s.
For example, I am in a high-level math class that actually gives me college credits for next year.
For example, Koko was asked to choose a house or a tree for shelter from the rain.
For example, Osaka is the sister city of San Francisco.
For example, Pepperberg would show Alex an object, such as a green wooden peg or a red paper triangle.
For example, according to Stein, efforts are being made to prevent a recurrence of what happened during super storm Sandy: salty ocean water driven by the storm surge breached the freshwater marsh systems on the Atlantic coast, contaminating critical shore bird habitats.
For example, because U.S. commercial apple trees are often felled by diseases like "fire blight" and "apple scab," Forsline and his team have made several field trips to the forests of Kazakhstan, where the apple originated, to collect wild apple seeds. Because this fungal disease co-exists with ancient wild apple trees, Forsline concludes that the trees have evolved genetic resistance to it.
For example, between 2017 and 2018, the University of California-Los Angeles (UCLA) took in more than $130 million from sports revenue.
For example, chameleons can change the color of their skin and blend with the trees and leaves around them.
For example, cinnamon tea can be taken for coughs and mint tea used as a gargle.
For example, designers can reduce cooling costs depending on how they situate a building to take in sunlight.
For example, do you like English?
For example, geckos can climb up walls and across the top of a room.
For example, he speaks German, French and English.
For example, if I want to get downtown what bus should I take?
For example, if a chain-smoking teacher cautions a pupil for smoking, that warning is self-contradictory.
For example, in Bulgaria, shaking one's head indicates agreement; nodding one's head, disagreement.
For example, in English, the verb "work" can be conjugated as "I work hard" and "she works hard." In Globasa, on the other hand, we only use "ergo."
For example, in English, the word preservative is a chemical added to food to keep it fresh. But in French, a préservatif is a condom.
For example, in London, it's six o'clock.
For example, it helps us see more clearly when Christ will separate the people of the Kingdom of God from those who refuse to obey the truth, just as a shepherd separates a sheep and goat.
For example, it is 7:00 a.m. in London now.
For example, marveling at the landscape of Tibet, a legendary place famous for its religious myth, people are equipped with a better comprehension about what China really is.
For example, more people are choosing to live together and have children without getting married.
For example, since 1900, nearly 480 vertebrate species have gone extinct.
For example, some psychologists have suggested that reaction times faster than 100 ms are likely to reflect the subject's crash, so data below 100 ms should be deleted.
For example, the Embassy of Uzbekistan is in a richly decorated home built in nineteen hundred and six by a wealthy banker, Clarence Moore.
For example, the Turkish Embassy is a large three-level modern building covered in brown stone and brick.
For example, the chrysanthemum symbolises noble character.
For example, the idea of marriage is a religious idea, a thing that comes from God.
For example, they are not happy to help clients in the store.
For example, they do not have to go to a stadium to see the World Series or the Super Bowl because they can enjoy watching the games in their own living rooms.
For example, this is a love song.
For example, this is a pen.
For example, use Google Authenticator.
For example, vervet monkeys learn to use a certain call in the presence of circling eagles, who prey on the monkeys.
For example, we can say "obei al la patro" and "obei la patron" (instead of "obei je la patro").
For example, we lack the option "only with this group of words".
For example, we see a yellow beverage we’re about to drink and many of us would anticipate that we will be drinking something tart like lemonade.
For example, what would you do if you had ten thousand dollars?
For example, you don't need a personal seal to collect a parcel.
For example, you don’t need a personal seal to collect a parcel.
For exercise, I either ride a bicycle or go swimming.
For exercise, I go jogging almost every day as soon as I get home from work.
For experience and learning, eternity is not enough.
For experience and learning, even eternity is not enough.
For external use only, do not ingest.
For extreme ills, extreme remedies.
For f(x)=2x+1, when the domain of the function is [1,2], the range is [3,5].
For farmers like Sanit Khun, who rely heavily on the river's water for irrigation, options are drying up.
For fast acting relief, try slowing down.
For faster recovery, I took a double dose of medicines.
For fear of accidents, please drive slowly.
For fear of an accident, my father doesn't drive.
For fear of an accident, my father doesn’t drive.
For fear of the newspapers politicians are dull, and at last they are too dull even for the newspapers.
For fifteen days I strove to prove that.
For five years he was formerly under depression, and no therapy or medicines could help him.
For five years, I have not received even the smallest bit of news from my brother.
For fools, gold is worth more than life; but kings use gold to protect life.
For four centuries, Galician and Portuguese were united in a single language: Galician-Portuguese. They are, so to speak, two Siamese sisters who have become separated.
For four months, Yanni studied Islam and Muslim culture.
For four years I've been singing to myself a song which I don't know where I heard.
For four years I’ve been trying to get to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park and to write some masterful columns about the astounding manner in which Nature splattered her contours and evolutions over this part of the globe.
For four years, he cut the grass at the original price, but I noticed that toward the end of that year, he had a helper with him quite often.
For four years, he taught Berber as a second language in Algeria.
For fourteen years Tania Miller was the brilliant and engaging concert-maestra of Victoria's symphony orchestra. Music reviewers were unstinting in their praise of her talent.
For fourteen years Tom had owned a purebred dog, and he remembered that the breeder had furnished him a pedigree chart showing every dam and sire going back four generations.
For fuck's sake!
For fuck's sake, do get out from the futon!
For fuck's sake, where did I put my goddamn house keys?
For fuck's sake.
For fucks sake!
For furries, October is Foxtober.
For further details, call GisÃ¨le.
For further details, call Gisèle.
For further details, read below.
For further information, please ask at reception.
For further information, see overleaf.
For further information, see page 16.
For further inquiries, please feel free to contact us toll-free at 0120-00-0000.
For future reference, I'm going to record this event.
For gall bladder surgery, go down this hall and take a right.
For general amusement, I'm wearing a mini-skirt today.
For getting your feet wet in programming, is Python a good language?
For giraffes, the dry season is the toughest time of year.
For giraffes, the thorny acacia leaves are a feast.
For good or ill, there is no way but this to tide over the difficulty.
For goodness sake, do get out from the blanket!
For goodness sake, do get out from the duvet!
For goodness sake, do get out from the futon!
For goodness sake, don't speak to the boss like that!
For goodness sake, get out of bed!
For goodness sake, get up!
For goodness sake, look in the attic and find that card you got from your auntie years ago and stick it in an envelope addressed to me.
For goodness sake, show some respect when you speak to the boss!
For goodness sake.
For goodness' sake, don't say that!
For goodness' sake, please be nice to Tom.
For goodness' sake, please be nice to him.
For goodness’ sake, please be nice to him.
For göbädiä you need dry red-cottage cheese (qort), rice, raisins, eggs and butter.
For half an hour I waited with every nerve on the alert, but there came no other sound save the chiming clock and the rustle of the ivy on the wall.
For he hath heard your murmuring against the Lord: but as for us, what are we, that you mutter against us?
For he knew what was in a man.
For he might have stood his ground.
For he would not injure me at all; for he would not even be able to.
For health and pleasure!
For health reasons, you must shower before entering the pool.
For heaven's sake!
For heaven's sake.
For heavens sake.
For her age, she's in good health.
For her birthday, I got her a Kabyle dress.
For her fifties outfit she opted for a pencil skirt and a spotted blouse.
For her first task at the TV station, Mary had to report on a football game.
For her sentences in this respect are all coloured, and ours are often inexpressive, often humourless.
For her studies in quieting wind turbines and making other forms of renewable energy more competitive, Selina Brinkmann has been awarded the prestigious Rhodes Scholarship to study at Oxford University in the U.K.
For her, I bought a clock.
For her, floods frighten less than earthquakes.
For her, her family's well-being was always her top priority.
For her, the honeymoon is over.
For her, travelling was merely a necessity rather than an end in itself.
For her, work and family were synonymous.
For here is the heart of the eastern portion of the continent, geographically, climatologically, and mineralogically.
For here or to go?
For here, or to go?
For here, please.
For high school geography, my project entailed creating geofiction with an imaginary country called "United Pacifica."
For hiking, it's a good idea to wear thick socks.
For him I'd go through fire and water.
For him a doctor to get lung cancer from smoking - it's a typical case of 'Do as I say not as I do.'
For him a doctor to get lung cancer from smoking - it’s a typical case of ’Do as I say not as I do.’
For him it may be possible, but I'd never pass the test.
For him it may be possible, but I’d never pass the test.
For him it's nothing.
For him to cry, as a male bound by tradition, is a sign of weakness.
For him to finish it in a day would be impossible.
For him to trust you, you have to appear vulnerable.
For him, I would sacrifice my life.
For him, a quick answer is more important than a correct one.
For him, divorce is a good invention, with one sole disadvantage: you have to get married first.
For him, every day is a party.
For him, his principles were irrefutable.
For him, hunger was an abstract concept. He had always had enough food.
For him, hunger was an abstract concept. He had always had enough to eat.
For him, it always goes in one ear and out the other.
For him, it's a doddle.
For him, it's a way of running away from the harsh reality.
For him, money is everything in life.
For him, money is the only thing that matters.
For him, sex is a form of expression.
For him, sex is a way to show love.
For him, she was lost for ever.
For him, that will be like taking candy from a baby.
For him, the arctic climate of Arkhangelsk was hell on earth, but for her, who had grown up in this region, Arkhangelsk was heaven on earth.
For him, the whole world is a stage.
For him, this is a serious enough matter.
For him, time was money.
For him, women are there to be used and then, discarded.
For his birthday, Boldi invited his favorite blogger, a journalist named Martha.
For his birthday, Mary gave Tom a new leaf blower, the old one having given up the ghost some time ago. Their neighbour, witnessing the scene, lifted his hands heavenwards and let out a plaintive cry.
For his first state visit to China, South Korean President Moon Jae-in came with an entourage of more than 300 business people, an actress who is wildly popular here and heartthrob boy band EXO, which sings in both Korean and Chinese.
For his length of loyal service to his organization, he was only repaid in chicken feed.
For his part he could have done worse.
For homework, Tom has to write a modern fairy tale.
For hours every day and often before sunrise, Ghouate and other women from nearby villages would walk 5 km to fetch water from open wells, with girls pulled out of school to help and at risk of violence on the lonely treks.
For hours, Kalman listened to the coyotes circling his tent.
For how long are you in Shanghai?
For how long can a human stay awake?
For how long can we continue like this?
For how long did the Maya culture flourish?
For how long do you plan to stay?
For how long has Tom been learning French?
For how long has this been standing there?
For how long has your head been hurting?
For how long have you been learning English?
For how long have you been living here?
For how long have you been playing the piano and singing?
For how long have you been studying Esperanto?
For how long have you been wasting my time now?
For how long have you been working here?
For how long will I continue to have these symptoms?
For how long will you be staying with us?
For how long will you stay?
For how long?
For how many days will you be staying in Beijing to study?
For how many days?
For how many hours can you sit in front of the computer?
For how many hours can you sit in front of the television?
For how many hours do I have to listen?
For how many nights?
For how many people?
For how much money would you do a dirty job in Iraq?
For hundreds of years the forest has flourished in all its magnificence, the silence of its inclosure unbroken save by the chirp of busy chipmunks, the growl of wild beasts and the songs of birds.
For hundreds of years, watermen of the Chesapeake Bay have made a living by harvesting oysters. In the last 50 years, the number of oysters has declined dramatically.
For if a man lives a long life, let him rejoice in all of it, but let him remember the days of darkness, for they will be many. All that happens is meaningless.
For immigrants who come to the United States, maintaining cultural traditions of courtship and marriage can be a challenge.
For in a minute, there are many days.
For in much wisdom is much grief: and he that increaseth knowledge increaseth sorrow.
For in much wisdom is much grief; and he who increases knowledge increases sorrow.
For in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, and the sea, and all things that are in them, and rested on the seventh day: therefore the Lord blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it.
For in the latter case as well, had nature not been interfered with, a child might possibly have come forth.
For in these days every man that has any reputation in his region wishes to communicate and express his affairs in such terms and phrases that few shall understand them. And some honourable and great scholars have talked to me and wanted me to write the most sophisticated terms that I could find, and thus between plain, simple and sophisticated I am puzzled in choosing; but, in my judgment, the common terms that are used daily are easier to understand than the old and ancient English.
For in truth neither Marie Leroux, widow of Jacques Constantin, nor her accomplice, Claude Perregaud, was of sufficient importance to find a place on any list of great criminals, although it is certain that they were guilty of the crimes with which they were charged.
For industrial progress, as for each other conquest over nature, mutual aid and close intercourse certainly are, as they have been, much more advantageous than mutual struggle.
For instance, "delight" is the opposite of "sorrow."
For instance, a wind-powered chariot he designed was never built, but it incorporated gears, something that we use every day in our cars.
For instance, bowing is peculiar to us, the Japanese.
For instance, cheese may be grated and sprinkled on the top of mashed or creamed potatoes and then browned by placing the dish in the oven.
For instance, even if you aren't practicing everyday you could still be studying.
For instance, gauges, such as thermometers and barometers, are instruments.
For instance, he invented bifocal lenses because it annoyed him to switch glasses depending on what he wanted to see.
For instance, here is a portrait of a man at eight years old, another at fifteen, another at seventeen, another at twenty-three, and so on. All these are evidently sections, as it were, three-dimensional representations of his four-dimensioned being, which is a fixed and unalterable thing.
For instance, in my father's business the timing of sales and purchases was very important, and he would sometimes write or say to his colleagues "There is a tide," without going into detail.
For instance, in my father’s business the timing of sales and purchases was very important, and he would sometimes write or say to his colleagues "There is a tide," without going into detail.
For instance, people who physically have to have alcohol can die from not drinking.
For instance, the sound of -u — described in the phrase, “like -u in ‘plural’” — may well be pronounced like -oo in ‘good’ or in ‘loom’ but not like -u in ‘stutter’ or in French ‘lune.’
For instance, what would you have done if you were in my place?
For intelligence and truth and the soul you take no care or thought.
For international students whose primary language is not English, writing a college essay can be challenging.
For it is not in keeping with his valor to ask for peace.
For it is proper for the devoted poet to be chaste himself, but not necessary at all for his verses to be so.
For it is two years since the famine began to be upon the land, and five years more remain, wherein there can be neither ploughing nor reaping.
For just as a selfish man is an enemy to what is unknown to him, so too he is opposed to all that lies beyond his reach.
For just as we see the bee settling on all the flowers, and sipping the best from each, so also those who aspire to culture ought not to leave anything untasted, but should gather useful knowledge from every source.
For kosher meat, I go to a butcher I trust.
For lack of a speedy trial, judges have sometimes entered acquittals even before a jury has heard evidence against the defendant.
For lack of evidence proving him guilty, the jury had no choice but to acquit Tom.
For lack of qualified teachers only pupils with the highest grades were allowed to learn English, the rest had to take Russian.
For legal reasons, this is a joke.
For lions, a buffalo is much easier to kill than a giraffe.
For living the good life, the Germans say, "to live like God in France".
For lo, the ewe goat was comely in appearance, hence the shepherd knew her twice upon the hill.
For long drives, a sedan is more comfortable than a pickup truck.
For lots of reasons, I recommended her as your guardian.
For love is something you can't reject.
For love is something you can’t reject.
For lunch there was rice with meat.
For lunch we had a pepperoni pizza with tossed salad.
For lunch, I ate a sandwich and an apple.
For lunch, I ate leftovers.
For lunch, it was mostly just stew.
For mad words deaf ears.
For man, there is no beast more scary than man.
For many African-American movie fans, the film “Black Panther,” released this year, was a milestone.
For many Americans, June 14 comes and goes without them realizing that it is Flag Day, which commemorates the official adoption, on June 14, 1777, of the U.S. flag by the Second Continental Congress.
For many Americans, a large home is not only a status symbol, but also an investment.
For many Americans, the holiday is also a time to celebrate the arrival of the first immigrants to the New World.
For many Christians, it is inappropriate and false to pray in public.
For many Japanese, Europe is still considered the epitome of human civilization. They like to eat Mont Blanc and spaghetti alla vongole.
For many are called, but few are chosen.
For many books, the covers are too far apart.
For many centuries, humans have tried to fly just like the birds. Wings made of feathers or light weight wood have been attached to arms to test their ability to fly. The results were often disastrous as the muscles of the human arms are not like a birds and cannot move with the strength of a bird.
For many children in the U.S., summer is the time to go to camp. Kids have fun but also learn new skills like swimming, boating, theater and horseback riding.
For many days he wandered round the big city.
For many gay men, coming out of the closet is a difficult experience.
For many hours people staged a sit-in at the airport, the second since Friday, to attract international attention to their cause.
For many individuals, the pentatonic scale is associated with Chinese music.
For many international students studying in the United States, returning to their home country for the winter holidays is not an option.
For many other children at the Rhino Refugee Settlement in Uganda's Arua district, malnourishment remains a serious problem. The camp holds about 90,000 refugees. Relief workers like Joseph Mbabazi, say about 20 per cent of the children are malnourished.
For many people in India, cows are sacred.
For many people that was the realization of a dream.
For many people, drug dealers and corporate attorneys are the dregs of society.
For many people, pets are part of the family.
For many people, the English 'th' is unpronounceable.
For many radio stations, October is Rocktober.
For many women, breast cancer is a matter of life and death.
For many would-be entrepreneurs, the cost of opening a store in New York and other U.S. cities is prohibitive. But from coast-to-coast, the traditional model for retail stores is taking a new direction — on four wheels.
For many years Handel composed operas, but finally he won fame by writing oratorios.
For many years I thought that it was beauty alone that gave significance to life and that the only purpose that could be assigned to the generations that succeed one another on the face of this crowded earth was to produce an artist now and then.
For many years, I have been trying to contribute to the resurrection of the Kabyle language of our elders: words here, proverbs there. This is how it will be reborn from its ashes.
For many years, Milton Berle remained a funnyman loved by Americans. He produced projects for several media, and collected awards for his work in television. The Television Academy Hall of Fame added him as one of its members. The story of his life led to the nineteen ninety-two film, “Mister Saturday Night.” He also wrote books of jokes and his memories.
For many years, Pluto was considered to be the ninth planet in our solar system.
For many years, Tom has been constantly complaining about his traumatic childhood, but there are many people who were similarly abused in their childhood who did not end up like Tom.
For many years, Ziri has been reporting about Palestine.
For many years, he ate only two bowls of rice a day.
For many years, the abbey was turned into a fortress, happily joining in itself martial and religious architecture.
For many, blindness or poor vision can keep them from activities like cycling. But a NYC non-profit called InTandem works to make cycling accessible to everyone. The organization unites sighted New Yorkers with the visually impaired so that everyone can enjoy a ride.
For many, it seems to be ungraspable that one can love life without seeing any point in it.
For many, it was a dream come true.
For many, remaining at home has been an opportunity to reflect, to withdraw from the frenetic pace of life, stay with loved ones and enjoy their company.
For many, the American dream has become a nightmare.
For many, the reopening of movie theaters was an emotional moment.
For me he is like our son.
For me he is neither a brother nor an acquaintance.
For me it doesn't matter one way or another.
For me it is not yet known.
For me it was a question of life or death.
For me it's enough to wonder about secrets.
For me it's your fault!
For me personally, nothing is good enough. I always want to be perfect.
For me swimming is easy.
For me this is a rumor.
For me this is the greatest.
For me this language will forever be like a closed book.
For me this was a matter of life or death.
For me to do more, I would have to fly.
For me to do the drawing, I needed a compass that did not move.
For me winter is rather something to be put up with than to be enjoyed.
For me you are a good teacher.
For me you're the safe harbor where I can land during the storms of life.
For me your father is dead.
For me, 3 does not mean Xtianity, as I have an Oriental outlook, in which 3 means birth or life. In the Theravāda Buddhist tradition, the scripture is the Triple Basket, the Tipiṭaka or Tripiṭaka. The Hindus have a Trinity, the Trimūrti.
For me, Arabic has always been part of my life.
For me, Australia is a hard place to live.
For me, December is the most important month of the year.
For me, I like this better.
For me, I think there's a lot more room in cable television to tell broader stories. NBC and the networks, they're all very mainstream, and they're a little more conservative in how they approach storytelling.
For me, Islam was so attractive.
For me, January is the most important month of the year.
For me, June is the most important month of the year.
For me, March is the most important month of the year.
For me, October is the most important month of the year.
For me, Tatoeba is a nice and instructive pastime.
For me, a potato knish, please.
For me, after Sami's death, life just stopped.
For me, alcohol is the worst enemy of women and children.
For me, all days are holidays.
For me, an Oriental is not a foreigner.
For me, as a Brazilian, studying the Galician language is something truly delicious and captivating.
For me, as a city dweller, it's forgivable.
For me, being a doctor isn't a job, it's a calling.
For me, being a doctor isn’t a job, it’s a calling.
For me, bonding with everyone is natural.
For me, every Finnish sentence is a tongue-twister.
For me, everything could be a toy.
For me, everything is interesting.
For me, facts are fundamental.
For me, he was an unquestionable authority.
For me, he's taken on the qualities of a drug.
For me, history is a fascinating subject.
For me, humanity is a matter's shape.
For me, humanity is a matter’s shape.
For me, humanity is a shape that matter takes.
For me, if all or most of what I receive from someone in texting are emojis, I would feel that person is exaggerating or faking emotions.
For me, interpreting the question was problematic.
For me, it is difficult to express my thoughts in words.
For me, it is important.
For me, it means the end of my youth.
For me, it was a dream come true.
For me, it was a special day.
For me, it was extremely eye-opening.
For me, it's an obscene art.
For me, it's bed time.
For me, it's everything.
For me, it's important.
For me, it's not acceptable.
For me, it's not that big a deal.
For me, it's the same whether you or John Doe.
For me, it's time to sleep.
For me, it’s important.
For me, listening to loud music is annoying.
For me, money is everything.
For me, money isn't the most important thing in life.
For me, money was never the be-all and end-all.
For me, my wife is the perfect woman.
For me, of the symphony's three movements, the second is the most melodic and beautiful.
For me, reading at home is preferable to reading sitting beside strangers in a library.
For me, regret is the harshest punishment.
For me, respect means everything.
For me, skiing is a lot more fun than skating.
For me, skiing is by far more interesting than skating.
For me, solitude is like this piece of amber within which an insect lives eternally in its immutable beauty.
For me, some German words don't even look like they can be pronounced.
For me, strawberries are more sour than lemons.
For me, that is not a problem.
For me, the comic strips that I read and the ones that I myself conceived and drew were my biggest source of escapism.
For me, the ibis is a very special bird.
For me, the more things you hide, the angrier I get when I learn about it afterward.
For me, the more, the better.
For me, the most comfortable climate type is Mediterranean.
For me, the real world is just a fiction.
For me, the ride to school is easier than the ride back, because by the time I'm going back, I'm already really tired.
For me, the truth is I dislike Tom.
For me, the word God is synonymous with Transcendental Intelligence.
For me, there is nothing more fun to do than to talk with him.
For me, there's nothing more fun to do than to talk with Tom.
For me, these languages are not just metaphors or objects of fantasy, as I really know them in reality.
For me, they are the best.
For me, they're the best.
For me, this is a matter of principle.
For me, this is not a problem.
For me, this isn't a problem.
For me, this one's better.
For me, time is not money.
For me, two hundred dollars is a ton.
For me, you shall bring nothing but an old tinder-box which my grandmother forgot last time she was down there.
For me, your speech is totally beyond comprehension.
For men of that culture, women with extremely long necks are considered attractive.
For millennia, Somalilanders have risked their lives to harvest sap of the frankincense tree for international export to be used in churches, French perfumes and cosmetics. Frankincense grows wild in the Cal Madow Mountains of Somaliland's Sanaag region, but the old trade is under threat as trees die from increased demand for their resin.
For millions of children around the world, the meal they get at school is the only meal they get in a day.
For millions of years, mankind lived just like the animals. Then something happened which unleashed the power of our imagination. We learned to talk.
For money, he would do anything.
For monotheists, there only exists one God.
For months the stock market had steadily lowered, owing to the flight of the small investor, affrighted by the succession of investigations, the fear of readjustments, and the distrust of the great manipulators.
For months, United States fiscal policy has been characterized by weak credit.
For months, he did almost nothing.
For months, only a trickle of aid has entered Ethiopia’s northern region of Tigray, parts of which the U.N. says are likely in a state of famine.
For more details, please visit our website.
For more details, visit our website.
For more information about the map, see the inset.
For more information, call this number.
For more information, contact Tom Jackson.
For more information, contact us.
For more information, get in touch with us.
For more information, please visit our website.
For more information, see overleaf.
For more information, visit example.com.
For more information, visit our website.
For more than 200 years, or since the industrial revolution, the concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has increased due to the burning of fossil fuels and land use change.
For more than a decade, the school has organized an annual Thanksgiving feast a week before the holiday.
For more than eight hundred years now, German settlers, mainly from the region of the Moselle and Rhine, have lived in Transylvania under the rule of Hungarian kings, the Habsburg empire and Ceaușescu’s communism.
For more than eight years, the Security Council has authorized humanitarians to cross from Turkey into northwest Syria, bringing on average 600 trucks each month with food, medicine and other essentials.
For more than three decades, oil and global finance drove the UAE's economy.
For more than two days, she hasn't spoken to me.
For most Americans, "Allahu akbar" fails of the crucial connotation: "And you're not."
For most architects, such a skyscraper represents a design challenge.
For most elderly people, life is a heavy burden.
For most of his life, Sami was the baby of the family until his little brother came along.
For most of my intellectual life, I wasn't age-conscious.
For most of the past 10,000 years, global average temperature has remained relatively stable and low compared to earlier hothouse conditions in our planet's history.
For most of them, this is quite a rare experience.
For most people the noisy insects are a nuisance, but for others, they’re a meal.
For most people who work as clowns, their job is to make people happy and laugh.
For most people, and for much of the past 50 years, thoughts of NASA are linked to images of shuttle launches and men bounding across the surface of the moon. But the new focus for NASA, as outlined in the proposed 2011 budget, is not on shuttle launches or lunar landings.
For most people, emotions still remain a mystery.
For most people, reward comes from other people, not from themselves.
For most students, who’ve spent much of their academic careers studying for the suneung, the exam day is a high-stakes challenge.
For motorists, the city centre is a nightmare of narrow one-way streets.
For much of my life, Ronald Reagan was the oldest U.S. president in history, and now he's the third oldest.
For my 37th birthday I'm going to start an anarchosyndicalist commune.
For my French class, we wrote a letter to our future selves.
For my New Year's resolution, I'm going to write a New Year's resolution.
For my birthday I got a music box.
For my birthday he gave me a broom and told me to get to work.
For my breakfast today: fried egg on toast with cheese.
For my diet, I can't eat any more sweets for the next two months.
For my father, Tom is a nobody.
For my father, Tom would never be good enough, since he does no physical work.
For my friends, everything; for my enemies, the law.
For my intents and purposes, I'm fluent in French.
For my multi-talented sister, able do anything with ease, it seems that my commonplace self is something whose existence she finds very hard to forgive.
For my new house I'll need a building lot roughly 15 meters by 35. If I found land for sale here, what should I expect to pay for a lot like that? What's the average price per square meter?
For my own part I wish the Bald Eagle had not been chosen the Representative of our Country.
For my own poor part, the fading summer left me out of health, out of spirits, and, if the truth must be told, out of money as well.
For my part I have no objection to the plan.
For my part I hope it won't rain.
For my part I hope it won’t rain.
For my part I prefer to stay at home and read a novel.
For my part I prefer to stay at home.
For my part, I did what I could.
For my part, I don't care when the party is held.
For my part, I don't like this picture.
For my part, I don't travel to go somewhere in particular. I travel for travel's sake. The main thing is to move.
For my part, I don’t care when the party is held.
For my part, I don’t like this picture.
For my part, I have no objection to the proposal.
For my part, I have no objection.
For my part, I have nothing to say about it.
For my part, I have nothing to say against the new proposal.
For my part, I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move.
For my part, I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel’s sake. The great affair is to move.
For my part, having you lot with me is more reassuring than the police or anything!
For my part, it doesn't matter whether he comes or not.
For my part, it doesn’t matter whether he comes or not.
For my part, it's an important issue with great social value.
For my second-grader son, “social distancing” is just another game he plays outside.
For my second-grader son, “social distancing” is just another game he plays outside. Whenever a pedestrian passes by, he runs away saying “Social distancing, social distancing” and then gives himself a point for the job accomplished.
For my summer homework, I'll try to create a big object with milk cartons.
For my summer homework, I'll try to create something big with milk cartons.
For my tastes, I'd prefer plainer, or rather, more tasteful clothing.
For my tastes, I’d prefer plainer, or rather, more tasteful clothing.
For my vacation next year, I am going to come visit you.
For my wife, the place was terribly boring, for me, that was the heaven itself.
For myself, I have wanted to live in the country.
For myself, I would like to take part in the game.
For myself, the play was fairly interesting.
For nearly 20 years, Jesse James stayed one step ahead of the law. But he was not just a gunslinger, he was a ruthless gang member — and a former Confederate [a supporter of the Confederate states that seceded during the U.S. Civil War] guerilla.
For nearly 30 years, Cirque du Soleil has entertained audiences around the world with its blend of acrobatics, clowning, music and dance.
For nearly 40 years, NASA has been measuring how much sunshine powers our home planet.
For nearly a month, Tom hovered between life and death.
For nearly a quarter century, he caught cod, haddock, pollock, and flounders of various types. But then, he says "I guess we caught them all up."
For next class, I want you guys to transcribe the lyrics from any singer as long as it's in English.
For no one could perform the miraculous sign you are doing if God were not with him.
For no reason in the world would I want to live anywhere else!
For non-native English speakers who also speak Esperanto, how long did it take to learn each of them?
For nothing is so beautiful but that it betrays some defect on close inspection.
For nothing this wide universe I call, Save thou, my rose; in it thou art my all.
For now I omit garlick belches, and the blast of the belly, stinking breaths: there are many, who are troubled with secret diseases, and every distemper has its infection.
For now I omit the garlic belches, and the blast of wind, stinking breaths: there are many who are troubled by secret diseases, and every disease has its infection.
For now I will stretch out my hand to strike thee, and thy people, with pestilence, and thou shalt perish from the earth.
For now I'm feeling fine.
For now Lambert worries about her two roommates who are caring for her.
For now, I don't really have plans to get it replaced.
For now, I have nothing to tell you.
For now, I have only emailed one person.
For now, I will wait at the hotel.
For now, I'd like to concentrate on this.
For now, I'll take small steps toward finding happiness once again.
For now, I'll wait at the hotel.
For now, I've got to share this room with a friend.
For now, I've only emailed one person.
For now, Tom can stay here.
For now, it remains to be seen if open source seeds have any economic viability, but the OSSI organizers would be satisfied if the movement provides an alternative to large companies selling patented seeds. In a world facing the daunting challenges of climate change, Kloppenburg said diversity will be key in feeding the planet.
For now, keep quiet.
For now, let's assume that Tom is telling the truth.
For now, let's assume that this is true.
For now, let's sit here.
For now, let's take Tom at his word.
For now, my sister is working as a cashier at the supermarket.
For now, no.
For now, that's the only thing I can do.
For now, the red phone boxes, the double-decker buses, the pubs and fish and chips restaurants show Gibraltar is an unmistakable British outpost in southern Europe.
For now, this is enough.
For now, this is the best solution.
For now, we aren't even considering that option.
For now, we have to stay.
For now, we only know that wormholes exist in our hearts, and on paper in the form of equations.
For now, we're doing well.
For now, we're not even considering that option.
For once in my life I succeeded in getting the better of him.
For once in my life I want to make perfumes.
For once in my life I'm doing a good deed... And it is useless.
For once in my life I’m doing a good deed... And it is useless.
For once in my life, I want to do the right thing.
For once in my life, I'd like to do something right.
For once in my life, someone finally appreciates what I do.
For once in your life, do what I ask.
For once in your life, stop fucking lying to me.
For once in your life, you're exactly right.
For once, I agree with Tom.
For once, Michael was doing what he wanted.
For once, Sue came to the meeting on time.
For once, Tom is right.
For once, Tom simply had nothing to say.
For once, Tom was right.
For once, Ziri was being friendly.
For once, don't say anything.
For once, media hyperbole matches reality.
For once, stop talking and pay attention to what I'm saying.
For once, you've found someone to talk to.
For once…
For one human being to love another, that is perhaps the most difficult of all tasks that has been given to us, the ultimate, the last test and proof, the work for which all other work is but preparation.
For one reason or another their holiday in France didn't come up to expectations.
For one reason or another their holiday in France didn’t come up to expectations.
For one reason or another, I'm more active at night.
For one reason or another, Sami and Layla were unable to have children.
For one reason or another, their holiday in France wasn't as good as they expected it would be.
For one reason or another, their holiday in France wasn’t as good as they expected it would be.
For one second I thought I would die.
For one thing I have no money; for another I haven't the time.
For one thing I have no money; for another I haven’t the time.
For one thing he is lazy, for another he drinks.
For one thing, I am busy; for another, I have no money.
For one thing, I am poor; for another, I am busy.
For one thing, I couldn't afford to do that.
For one thing, I couldn’t afford to do that.
For one thing, I don't have any money. For another, I don't have the time.
For one thing, I don't have any money; for another, I don't have the time.
For one thing, I'm busy; for another, I'm not interested.
For one thing, I'm penniless; for another, I don't have the time.
For one thing, I've no money, and for another, I've no leisure.
For one thing, I’m busy; for another, I’m not interested.
For one thing, I’m penniless; for another, I don’t have the time.
For one thing, I’ve no money, and for another, I’ve no leisure.
For one thing, Tom doesn't know the language.
For one thing, he thinks she is stupid, for another, he doesn't like her.
For one thing, he thinks she is stupid, for another, he doesn’t like her.
For one to travel far, one minds his mount with care.
For one's health, both work and play are necessary.
For online communication with people, I prefer Skype to other applications.
For optimal strength, this part is made from billet aluminum, machined into shape by a CNC mill.
For oral use.
For others, it is a vision of what could be.
For others, there was sadness and regret. “Everybody will miss the British representatives,” said Belgian MEP Guy Verhofstadt. “Not all British representatives — for example, I don't think we will miss Mr. Farage. But all the others — yes.”
For our anniversary, I'd like to do something special.
For our appetizers we'll have spring rolls and fish cakes, please.
For our children to be safe, please do not enter adult sites.
For our friendship!
For our improvement we need a mirror.
For our purposes, the amplitude of the waves is less important than their frequency.
For our singing lessons, we would go to the music school across the road.
For over 20 years, Brahe used the island as his base from which to make astronomical observations.
For over 60 years, Tanaka kept her experiences private as she struggled with the physical and psychological trauma of having endured the realization of the world's first atomic bomb. However, she eventually began sharing her story, motivated by a desire to ensure that future generations understand the larger-than-life danger that mass weaponry poses. As an award-winning artist, Tanaka uses her art to symbolize the tragedy that occurred in Hiroshima and promote a message of peace.
For over a year the bottle drifted about, now north, now south, as the ocean's currents drove it.
For over five years, we haven't seen each other.
For over three hundred years, the Great Red Spot has been observed on Jupiter.
For particulars, apply to the college.
For people like Xolani Moyo, without a job, no safe drinking water or ablution facilities, he might one day smile to know that some people are concerned about his plight.
For people to feel good, they must first love themselves.
For people who dislike the idea of giving money, a gift certificate is a good idea.
For people who have removed all animal products from their diets, making sure they're not wearing anything made from an animal, like leather shoes, seems like a natural progression.
For people who like this sort of thing, this is the sort of thing they will like.
For people who live in a culture where most of their interests are shared by most others as a matter of course, it can be easy to overlook those who don't fit into their mold. That's why N'Gai Croal, technology editor for Newsweek magazine and an African-American, is only half jesting when he says that the results from search engines often reflect "the tyranny of the majority."
For people who understand something about art, there is no need for words. One says "Hm!" "Ha!" or "Ho!", and with that everything is expressed.
For people who work as—or are training to be—clowns, the “bad clown” image does not make their job easier.
For people, nothing changed.
For personal reasons.
For philosophers have not said anything straight and true that may not be created or confirmed by the people whose cities assign laws.
For pity's sake don't start imitating some of the language you see in Lernu's tujmesaĝilo.
For precisely that reason, many works have been translated from all kinds of languages into Esperanto.
For professional reasons, you and I can't be lovers.
For psychopaths, other people are always a means to an end.
For purposes of National Security and Freedom throughout the World, the United States of America feels that the ownership and control of Greenland is an absolute necessity.
For quality assurance, this call may be recorded.
For quantities of 20 or more, we can allow you a special discount of 10% on the prices quoted.
For real?
For reasons mentioned previously, I have decided to resign my position.
For reasons unknown, sales have increased.
For relaxation, Copernicus painted and translated Greek poetry into Latin.
For rescuing me, I shall grant you one wish.
For reservations, call 202-555-0132.
For right worthily hath Phoibos, and worthily hast thou, bestowed this care for him that is dead.
For risks and side effects, read the label on the bottle and consult with your doctor or pharmacist.
For rock it's hard to know on what basis you should call something 'hi-fi'.
For rock it’s hard to know on what basis you should call something ’hi-fi’.
For running for a fifth mandate, Bouteflika damaged his own credibility.
For safety purposes, please make sure to read the instruction manual before using this product.
For safety purposes, remove the plastic casing before use.
For safety, remove the plastic casing.
For sale.
For sale: baby shoes, never used.
For sale: baby shoes, never worn.
For sale: detached residence with garage and 1,200m² floorspace in a beautiful location by the sea.
For security and privacy reasons, I don't have Facebook on my phone.
For security reasons, don't use the same password for different websites.
For security reasons, the bathrooms on airplanes don't have windows.
For seven years, Fadil lived his dream life.
For seven years, Sami lived his dream life.
For seventy-five years.
For several days I've felt the need to write you.
For several days she flew steadily south, resting from time to time when her wings grew tired.
For several entries, there are direct phone numbers.
For several months after the robbery the thieves kept a low profile.
For several months during winter, the sun doesn't make it over the horizon in the polar regions.
For several months something has been bothering me.
For several weeks, scientists exposed a group of rats to cocaine, an alkaloid derived from the coca plant that's used widely—and illegally—as a drug.
For several years I've been in the habit of, when I'm at home, only leaving my desk when it's time to eat.
For several years now, I've had to live with "gringo"-like people, here on Lulu Island.
For several years now, Wang has been expanding on his earlier efforts, sponsoring a carpool campaign during the Chinese New Year to help link up drivers and commuters, taking advantage of social media networks and the Internet.
For shame!
For shame, dirty girls! How can you chase after that young man through the field? Is that decent?
For sheer ambitiousness, it's hard to top a conference that's coming up in San Francisco in November. It's titled Happiness and Its Causes, and who doesn't want to be happy? Over four days, 40 of what the program promises will be the best minds in psychology, philosophy, science, education, business, the arts, medicine, and politics will explore techniques for achieving happiness.
For six years, I was an early riser. That only changed recently.
For six years, Sami has been my best friend.
For snacks, she eats fruit or nuts.
For society to be better, there must be people who succeed and we should not envy them.
For solitude sometimes is best society, and short retirement urges sweet return.
For some Americans, owning a big home is a status symbol, physical proof that they’ve succeeded in life.
For some companies their treatment of their employees or clients at any given time could affect their share prices and so inevitably have a great influence on the company’s success or failure.
For some couples, the revelation of the baby's gender has become an important milestone, like a baby shower.
For some dwellers of ancient China, antlers were probably among the most mysterious and beautiful things in the world.
For some expressions, it's not so easy to find an appropriate translation.
For some half-hour he tried to comfort himself with an idea that he could get hold of Captain Marrable and maul him; that it would be a thing permissible for him, a magistrate, to go forth with a whip and flog the man, and then perhaps shoot him, because the man had been fortunate in love where he had been unfortunate.
For some inexplicable reason, the flimsy shack survived the storm.
For some members of the public, particularly those with disabilities or those who live in poverty, small legal problems can easily snowball into larger, more complex problems.
For some months Jefferson Hope lingered among the mountains, leading a strange, wild life, and nursing in his heart the fierce desire for vengeance which possessed him.
For some odd reason, I have all my marbles, so far.
For some people rejection is like water off a duck's back.
For some people the present is more important than the future.
For some people you can't be a sensitive man without being gay.
For some people, "God" is themselves.
For some people, home is a cardboard carton in Tokyo.
For some people, it is.
For some people, meditation is more effective than taking tranquilisers.
For some people, religion is an essential aspect of their life.
For some people, sci-fi is more important than religion.
For some people, the road to immediate satisfaction is laid with sod. A piece of sod has grass on the top and soil on the bottom. It can provide thick green grass without the work or wait required to grow a lawn from seed.
For some philosophers, everything that exists consists of the four primary elements: fire, air, water and earth.
For some reason I can be honest with Tom.
For some reason I can be honest with you, Tom.
For some reason I can relate.
For some reason I can speak my true feelings with you, Tom.
For some reason I choke whenever I drink something.
For some reason I couldn't access my e-mail account.
For some reason I couldn't access my e-mail.
For some reason I couldn't sleep last night.
For some reason I couldn’t access my e-mail.
For some reason I couldn’t select unifont even though I’ve installed it, so I had to build dmenu with the xft patch to get Chinese menu entries displayed correctly.
For some reason I don't like Tom.
For some reason I feel more alive at night.
For some reason I read "m" and not "n."
For some reason I wasn't able to answer.
For some reason economic booms have names taken from Japanese mythology given to them.
For some reason he could not say the whole truth.
For some reason it didn't go well, shot down at every attempt, and he led a sad "History of no girlfriend = Age" life.
For some reason it didn’t go well, shot down at every attempt, and he led a sad "History of no girlfriend = Age" life.
For some reason it looks to be turning out to be a depressing week.
For some reason or another - probably because she got angry - she started hitting me.
For some reason or another she shook her head.
For some reason or other I cannot bring myself to work.
For some reason or other she shook her head.
For some reason she didn't come home last night.
For some reason the message text was corrupted, so I restored it before reading.
For some reason the microphone didn't work earlier.
For some reason the microphone didn’t work earlier.
For some reason the microphone wasn't working until now.
For some reason the train hasn't left yet.
For some reason, Boldi didn't answer Martha.
For some reason, David's face looked familiar.
For some reason, Gabor believed Martha.
For some reason, I can't really remember his name.
For some reason, I didn't like him.
For some reason, I don't cope well with those recognized as hardliners.
For some reason, I don’t cope well with those recognized as hardliners.
For some reason, I feel sleepy when I start studying.
For some reason, I feel warm and good inside. What is happening!?
For some reason, I'm happy when I see doubles.
For some reason, I'm wide awake and can't fall asleep.
For some reason, I’m wide awake and can’t fall asleep.
For some reason, Tom couldn't get to sleep.
For some reason, Tom didn't want to talk about it.
For some reason, Tom is really mad at me.
For some reason, Ziri's strawberry smoothie was dark brown.
For some reason, he doesn't like talking about it.
For some reason, he wasn't able to be completely honest.
For some reason, her husband seemed to dislike that she spoke of me. In truth, she talked too much about me.
For some reason, holding in my bladder feels kind of nice.
For some reason, in this online statistics course I'm taking, the teacher expects me to go to the school library to be able to do the assignments, even though it's over an hour away.
For some reason, it isn't working.
For some reason, it made me happy.
For some reason, it's not working.
For some reason, it's only the right side of my shoes that always wears out. I wonder if I'm walking wrong.
For some reason, my car's playing up today.
For some reason, my name isn't on the list.
For some reason, people hate me just because I'm a terrible person, and I think that's unfair.
For some reason, people have been avoiding me like the plague ever since I got back from India.
For some reason, she couldn't sleep.
For some reason, she's really furious with me.
For some reason, she’s really furious with me.
For some reason, that made me happy.
For some reason, the door did not open.
For some reason, the door wouldn't budge.
For some reason, the engine didn't work.
For some reason, they didn't include my name on the list.
For some reason, this microphone isn't working.
For some reason, this movie theater doesn't serve caramel popcorn.
For some reason, we seem to be losing customers.
For some reason, you still can't speak English.
For some religious people, hope lies not in this world, but beyond it. Gnostics believe that this world is inherently evil, and the objective is to "know" and escape. Buddhists believe that a pervasive condition in this world is dissatisfaction, no matter if you are a multibillionaire or not.
For some strange reason I talk to me dogs with an Irish accent.
For some strange reason, Tom is wearing a dress today.
For some strange reason, now that I know what you look like, everything I know about you changes.
For some time I have been single.
For some time back Mawson & Williams, the famous financial house, have been the guardians of securities which amount in the aggregate to a sum of considerably over a million sterling.
For some time now I've had the same dream every night.
For some time, he said nothing.
For some time, neither she nor the police officers could find the newborn among the debris of the car.
For some time, their relationship had been unstable.
For some unknown reason, he got up on the table and started singing.
For some unknown reason, sales have increased.
For some years now, Zamboanga has officially adopted the orthographic standard for their Chabacano: Spanish spelling for Spanish-derived words and native spelling for indigenous-derived words. Before this change, there was a flux between Spanish and native spellings for all words. Some Chabacano people still are not aware of the official decision. Punctuation and capitalization follow those of American English and Tagalog. Accents are not generally used, except for the tilde in Ññ, which, to Hispanics, is not a separate accent, but is part of the letter itself.
For some years the poor man lived on alone with the children, caring for them as best he could; but everything in the house seemed to go wrong without a woman to look after it, and at last he made up his mind to marry again, feeling that a wife would bring peace and order to his household and take care of his motherless children.
For some, a psychotherapist is a kind of spiritual guide.
For some, excuses are plentiful to remain idle.
For some, it's a symbol of victory.
For some, it's very hard to get a good education.
For some, life is like a dream.
For some, sex is a taboo subject.
For some, the horseshoe is a symbol of good luck.
For some, there was a four-course meal; for others, only soup, sausage, or meatballs.
For somebody who feels rushed all the time, I sure make slow progress.
For someone like him, it will be easy to win the presidential election.
For someone like me who has suffered from hay fever for years, this medicine is a lifesaver.
For someone like me, getting busted was the worst nightmare.
For someone like me, it is a very strange habit to write in a diary. Not only that I have never written before, but it strikes me that later neither I, nor anyone else, will care for the musings of a thirteen-year-old schoolgirl.
For someone who's supposed to be an expert, you don't seem to know much.
For someone you see more often, it is customary to ask, "How are you?" or "How is your family"
For spite, he broke my glasses.
For stairs, you use hard wood.
For starters, I want to eat a little bit of cake.
For starters, I want to eat a little bit of pie.
For starters, millennials are more adventurous and want to try something new.
For starters, prepare all the reference books you can find.
For starters, schools can now serve chocolate or strawberry flavored milk with 1 percent fat instead of nonfat milk.
For sticky spots on glass, a solution of water and vinegar works well.
For sticky spots on hard surfaces, a microfiber cloth or sponge is usually effective.
For stony limits cannot hold love out.
For studying abroad, I can't decide whether I should go to Australia or Canada.
For studying abroad, I can’t decide whether I should go to Australia or Canada.
For such a young man, he's quite a solid person.
For such a young man, he’s quite a solid person.
For such an important election, many voters complain there has been too little solid information to make a decision and too much scaremongering, and grandstanding by both sides.
For such petty selfish motives, I shall never pray.
For supper, I cooked spaghetti.
For supper, I made spaghetti.
For supper, I'll cook spaghetti.
For sure!
For sure, she'll win the championship in the tournament.
For sure, she’ll win the championship in the tournament.
For sure.
For sustenance I am content with milk, cheese, hard bread, and light wine, the usual food of such rustics as we are; and whilst I share it with you, Chloe, I have no thought as to what the rich man may eat.
For ten florins, I send a series of stamps.
For ten years I made a living as a shopkeeper, selling fruits and vegetables.
For that claim, I don't have any proof, but I will soon.
For that experiment they need a complete vacuum.
For that matter, I'm two years older than you are.
For that player, scoring goals is fun.
For that price, you should be able to get something better.
For that reason Coco was, to me, 'an older sister I can play with' and I thought of her only as one member of the family not as someone I should question my father concerning her identity.
For that reason Coco was, to me, ’an older sister I can play with’ and I thought of her only as one member of the family not as someone I should question my father concerning her identity.
For that reason it's always held in a fresh atmosphere, and this time too it was a fulfilling day.
For that reason it’s always held in a fresh atmosphere, and this time too it was a fulfilling day.
For that reason the outcome of the primary nursing care requirement authorization has to relate to the amount of nursing care required.
For that reason, I came here.
For that reason, I'm certain Brazilian democracy will be victorious.
For that reason, he lost his job.
For that reason, his resentment and jealousy made him really ill.
For that reason, temporary workers are working under inferior conditions.
For that reason, the ones who had left the nest tried to go back to Warsaw as soon as possible.
For that they need their parents' permission.
For the Fourth Men, the Great Brains, there was no possible life but the life of intellect; and the life of intellect had become barren. Evidently something more than mere bulk of brain was needed for the solving of the deeper intellectual problems. They must, therefore, somehow create a new brain-quality, or organic formation of brain, capable of a mode of vision or insight impossible in their present state. They must learn somehow to remake their own brain-tissues upon a new plan. With this aim, and partly through unwitting jealousy of the natural and more balanced species which had created them, they began to use their captive specimens of that species for a great new enterprise of research into the nature of human braintissue.
For the Gold Age to manifest on Earth soon, we should imagine it as a reality.
For the Greeks, the moon is feminine: Selene, the goddess of the moon, while the sun is masculine: Helios, the god of the sun.
For the Lord will pass through striking the Egyptians: and when he shall see the blood on the transom, and on both the posts, he will pass over the door of the house, and not suffer the destroyer to come into your houses and to hurt you.
For the Pope, "Christian love is not a concentric expansion of interests which extend, little by little, to other people and groups."
For the Tatoeba project, the phrases I contribute in languages other than Portuguese are useless, even after being corrected by native speakers.
For the UK's fastest growing city after London, this is good news.
For the UK’s fastest growing city after London, this is good news.
For the administration of the College funds a bursar was annually appointed, whose accounts were subsequently approved and signed by the Chancellor.
For the afternoon, we're expecting light to moderate east or north-easterly winds.
For the astronomers it was like finding a skyscraper in the middle of a cornfield.
For the authoress of that book, ladders are always steep.
For the battles she had fought that day on my behalf she should not go unrewarded.
For the best fried chicken in Gulfport, go to Grandma's Kitchen.
For the best fried chicken in Gulfport, go to Grandma’s Kitchen.
For the best hamburger in town, go to Chuck's Diner.
For the boy to swim across the river was impossible.
For the boy, his father represented authority.
For the brave, every zoo is a petting zoo.
For the coffee to be aromatic, the beans should be freshly ground.
For the consumers of media information, it is important to remember that political news is rarely, if ever, neutral because the content of media publications is almost always biased in some way at the discretion of publisher.
For the contiguous 48 states, 7 of the 10 warmest years on record have occurred since 1998.
For the convenience of blind passengers, on the Moscow metro the station announcements are in a male voice if you are moving towards the center of the city, and in a female one if you are moving away.
For the conveyance of a holiday home, the estate agent gets a commission of 8% of the cost of rent.
For the costume party, I'm going as a hunter-gatherer and she's going as an archeology student.
For the crime of first degree murder, this court hereby sentences you to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
For the cry of the children of Israel is come unto me: and I have seen their affliction, wherewith they are oppressed by the Egyptians.
For the darkness has passed, and the legend yet grows.
For the director, it's a thriller.
For the drones, death instantly follows mating.
For the economy as a whole, recovery seems still far away.
For the elderly, wounds take more time to heal.
For the entrée, I would like chicken filet.
For the famine shall consume all the land, and the greatness of the scarcity shall destroy the greatness of the plenty.
For the far right, "postmodernism" is everything they don't like from a wide variety of mutually contradictory philosophies melded into one philosophy advanced by an all-powerful straw opponent who controls all of academia, the media, and politics.
For the field is small, but the work is great.
For the finishing touch, add fresh herbs.
For the first few hours, everything was peaceful.
For the first few weeks, things went pretty well.
For the first forty minutes, everything went well.
For the first month after the accident she could only drink liquids through a straw.
For the first time I saw your father very concerned.
For the first time a satellite was launched into orbit.
For the first time ever, Ziri talked back.
For the first time he now admired the fairness of her hair, the softness of her eyes, and the freshness of her complexion, which was whiter even than the cream-cheese made with the milk of her ewes.
For the first time in 80 years, India is planning a detailed survey of religious and caste affiliation.
For the first time in Australia, teenagers have launched a class-action lawsuit on behalf of young people around the world to stop the extension of a coal mine in the state of New South Wales.
For the first time in a decade, researchers managed to film a threatened desert marsupial in outback Queensland in June.
For the first time in a long time, I felt happy.
For the first time in a long time, I'm enjoying some alone time.
For the first time in a long while, I feel uninspired and quite frankly, I'm tired.
For the first time in a very long time, I had thought of mom.
For the first time in a while, I had thought of Mom.
For the first time in ages, I slept late.
For the first time in her life Yuka finished reading an English book.
For the first time in her life, Yuka has finished reading an English book.
For the first time in his entire life, I think that he's really in love with someone.
For the first time in his life, Yuka finished reading an entire book in English.
For the first time in history, an ethnic Latvian became the mayor of Aleksin in the Tula region.
For the first time in history, three Russian nuclear-powered submarines are breaking the ice and floating to the surface at the same time.
For the first time in its 258-year history, the parade was canceled due to the health risks of large crowds.
For the first time in its 75-year history, leaders of the United Nations’ 193 member states are delivering their annual speeches on the opening day of the world body’s General Assembly on videotape instead of in person due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
For the first time in more than 100 years, scientists have discovered a new species living in New York's Central Park. The creature is a tiny centipede, just 10 millimeters long. But, in the world of science, this bug cuts a wide swath.
For the first time in more than 6 years, the unemployment rate is below 6%.
For the first time in my life I felt like I did something right.
For the first time in my life I'm frightened of my future.
For the first time in my life I'm truly lost.
For the first time in my life, I feel that I'm falling in love.
For the first time in my life, I felt a pang of conscience, but there was no other way out.
For the first time in my life, I felt happy.
For the first time in my life, I found myself all alone in an unknown city.
For the first time in my life, I was filled with joy.
For the first time in my life, I'm really proud of my country.
For the first time in nine years, NASA astronauts were launched from American soil on an American rocket, and for the first time in history, those astronauts flew on a commercially built and operated spacecraft.
For the first time in nine years, NASA astronauts were launched from American soil on an American rocket.
For the first time in recorded history, Rome — including the Vatican — are deserted on Holy Week as travel restrictions and fear of contagion are keeping pilgrims away.
For the first time in several days, the sun came out.
For the first time in the history of the Catholic Church, bishops from around the world have been meeting at the Vatican to confront the issue of the sexual abuse of children by clergy.
For the first time in their chaotic marriage, Dania said no to Fadil.
For the first time this week, I went out for a walk.
For the first time, I had the feeling that everything could end.
For the first time, I truly believe there's a God.
For the first time, I'm convinced that God is real.
For the first time, and this is really unprecedented, we are seeing this very large outbreak in southeastern Australia, in the southeastern states of Queensland, New South Wales, South Australia and Victoria.
For the first time, doctors have succeeded in removing a gall bladder by remote surgery that electronically spanned the Atlantic Ocean.
For the first time, he stood to take a real interest in his studies.
For the first time, his army went into battle.
For the first time, his expertise was put to the test.
For the first time, in 1969, man touched the lunar surface.
For the first time, some labor unions say they will stop demanding wage hikes related to seniority so that more workers can keep their jobs.
For the first time, the IARC report also gathered cancer data on adolescents, between the ages of 15 and 19. The incidence there was 185 cancers in one million teens each year, with lymphoma and melanoma at the top of the list.
For the first time, the Japanese Navy had been defeated.
For the first time, the United States Army has its own museum.
For the first twenty years of her life, she was often mistaken for a boy.
For the forty years following the first flight of the Wright brothers, airplanes used internal combustion engines to turn propellers to generate thrust.
For the gate is wide and the way is easy, that leads to destruction.
For the holidays, I'm going to Tokyo for a week.
For the holidays, I’m going to Tokyo for a week.
For the holidays, we will rent a house by the sea.
For the honor of democratic responsibility, for the honor of Ukraine, and, dare I say, for the honor of Europe, the President didn't bend the knee in the Oval Office, and I believe we can show him our thanks for that.
For the hope of the wicked is as dust, which is blown away with the wind, and as a thin froth which is dispersed by the storm: and a smoke that is scattered abroad by the wind: and as the remembrance of a guest of one day that passeth by.
For the hundredth time he looked along the path but, just as before, there was no one coming.
For the intelligent, a hint is sufficient.
For the job to proceed normally, I need your values and experience.
For the lack of something better to do, Tom decided to take a long walk.
For the lack of something better to do, Tom started cleaning his room.
For the last 30 years, ad agencies would kill for a major tobacco account.
For the last 30 years, he has been working to clean up Appalachia's acidified waterways. Ziemkiewicz directs the West Virginia University Water Research Institute.
For the last time!
For the last time, I'm from Algeria.
For the last time, I'm from Algiers, Algeria!
For the last time, I'm from Algiers, Algeria.
For the last two months, your profit has offset your expenses.
For the last two years, the Millers have been eating nothing but organic food.
For the last two years, the Millers have eaten nothing but organic products.
For the last year, the deli that this Egyptian-American owns in New York has been the backdrop to on-air discussions on U.S. foreign policy and Middle Eastern affairs that are broadcast in Egypt.
For the latest beauty and makeup trends, those in the know are ditching fashion magazines and logging onto social media. YouTube and Instagram influencers are redefining beauty standards.
For the law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ.
For the law was given through Moses; grace and truth came through Jesus Christ.
For the life of me I can't understand what you say.
For the life of me I can’t understand what you say.
For the life of me I couldn't remember her name.
For the life of me, I couldn't remember his name.
For the life of me, I couldn’t remember his name.
For the longest time, I wasn't willing to believe there were really any Flat Earthers.
For the love of Christ, son, for the glory of Spain, eat your goddamned peas!
For the love of God!
For the love of God, be kind to him.
For the love of God, find yourself a job.
For the love of God, help me!
For the love of God, let's talk about that later.
For the love of God, what happened?!
For the love of Heaven, don't get angry.
For the love of Heaven, don’t get angry.
For the love of all the bright Angels that rest in Heaven, have mercy upon me!
For the love of god, stop screaming!
For the love of money is the root of all evil: which while some coveted after, they have erred from the faith, and pierced themselves through with many sorrows.
For the maximum frequency allowed by the blood bank, Tom gladly donates blood.
For the millionth time, I'm sorry.
For the moment there's nothing in particular I need to be doing.
For the moment there’s nothing in particular I need to be doing.
For the moment, I am very busy.
For the moment, it is not important.
For the moment, it isn't important.
For the moment, it's not important.
For the moment, the borders between France and Italy remain open.
For the moment, the central bank kept its benchmark interest rate near zero, a widely watched standard that influences the interest rates that consumers pay to borrow money to buy such big-ticket items as cars, and businesses pay to expand their operations or buy machinery.
For the moment, we want to postpone making a decision.
For the moment, things seem stable.
For the most part I will agree with what he said.
For the most part the scientists and philosophers of the Muslim world were of Persian, Turkish, or Berber blood, but al-Kindi was descended from the Yemenite kings of Kinda.
For the most part the weather has been nice this summer.
For the most part, Felix works remotely.
For the most part, I agree with her.
For the most part, I agree with what he said.
For the most part, I couldn't understand what she was saying.
For the most part, I enjoy watching all sports on TV.
For the most part, I wasn't able to understand what she was saying.
For the most part, Japanese people are polite.
For the most part, that's true.
For the most part, the government appears to be concerned with their communications plan, maintaining the controlled, celebratory, silly narrative that overall, their random, episodic interventions will amount to greater affordability for the citizenry.
For the murder, he received a life sentence.
For the new year, Liu's company gives every employee a bag of flour.
For the next Flood God won't use water, but paper.
For the next class, I want you to transcribe the lyrics from a song by any singer as long as it's in English.
For the next class, please submit to me, on a separate sheet of paper, an essay about what you think about the United States, and why.
For the next few weeks, Boris's mind hardly focused on anything else.
For the next few weeks, millions of stargazers around the world may get a rare treat: seeing two comets in the night sky without using telescopes or binoculars.
For the next photo, let's change the way you're facing. The sunlight is making you squint.
For the next three years, Fadil and Dania fell deeper in love.
For the next two decades, the size of catches fluctuated in response to changes in fishery practices.
For the one who believes, no explanation is necessary: for the one who doesn't, any explanation is too many.
For the other 600 million people, English is either a second language or a foreign language.
For the party I bought a dozen wine glasses and two dozen cups for juice.
For the past 10 years, I've fed my dog dry dog food.
For the past 10 years, I’ve fed my dog dry dog food.
For the past 10 years, local authorities in Washington, D.C. have been renovating public libraries, hoping to create community hubs in spaces where people once went only to read books.
For the past 30 years, the former doctor has immersed himself in ceramics, using his surgical skills to create magnificent porcelain objects which he has exhibited in craft shows and galleries across the United States.
For the past eight years since the meltdown of Fukushima's three reactors, some 200 tons of radioactive water have been pumped out of the damaged buildings every day.
For the past few days Jane has been quiet and out of humor.
For the past few years, teenagers who imitate overweight American rappers have been walking like inverted pendulums, swinging from left to right, which is the only way forward if you weigh over two hundred and sixty pounds, but completely ineffective if you are a scrawny teenager weighing half of that, since most of the energy is wasted on side steps, not to mention the sheer absurdity of that swinging gait.
For the past four years British expats had been riding an emotional rollercoaster as the long Brexit saga played out.
For the past month, we've had no snow at all.
For the past month, we’ve had no snow at all.
For the past seven days, our entire computer network has been down.
For the past several nights I've had the same dream.
For the past two weeks, Mary has been working non-stop to prepare for the press conference.
For the past year, Sami has been having an affair.
For the peasant, fruits are more important than flowers.
For the reason given above, I reached a different decision.
For the record I didn't vote for Trump.
For the record, I'm not at all interested.
For the record, I'm not remotely interested.
For the record, Tom didn't have anything to do with this.
For the record, we're just friends.
For the residents of Edo, the first bonito of the year was something that had to be bought, even if it meant borrowing money.
For the rest of his life he'd remember every single detail of that morning.
For the rest of his life he’d remember every single detail of that morning.
For the rest of my life, I'll never forget that I saw her.
For the rest of the evening he never spoke to me again.
For the rest of the lesson, I'm only going to speak in French.
For the rest of the world, Taiwan technically doesn't exist.
For the rest of their lives, Yanni's children would only see him in jail on visiting days.
For the safety of our children, please do not enter porn sites.
For the sake of His sorrowful Passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of children in need, we cooperated to collect donations.
For the sake of completeness, let us mention that the ring R - considered as a module over itself - has submodules of arbitrarily large finite length.
For the sake of completeness, let us mention that the ring R, considered as a module over itself, has submodules of arbitrarily large finite length.
For the sake of living things, please do not play around with the water.
For the sake of long-term interests, we have decided to sell the development department.
For the sake of simplicity, I've retranslated the sentence.
For the sake of those around you, please refrain from smoking in the office.
For the sake of vigilance, the prophets did not sleep.
For the satisfaction of the curious, and the edification of the genealogist, I will state that my ancestors came to this country from England in the middle of the seventeenth century.
For the second course, I would like chicken filet.
For the second time in a month, there was a powerful earthquake in Mexico.
For the second year in a row, the World Bank has ranked Singapore as the world's easiest place to do business. Singapore topped the list because of its efficient business procedures, many of which can be done online. New Zealand, Australia and Hong Kong are also among the top 10 business-friendly countries. The World Bank report says that both China and India are making progress in implementing reforms that make business easier there.
For the seventeenth time!
For the seventy-fourth time, he fell, dead of exhaustion.
For the sharks, we saw them, not by units, nor by tens, nor by hundreds; but by thousands and by myriads. Trust me, there are more sharks in the sea than mortals on land.
For the small fraction of what we spent at war in Iraq we could support institutions so that fragile states don’t collapse in the first place, and invest in emerging economies that become markets for our goods.
For the study, Wood and his colleagues tracked 467 inner-city newborns from Baltimore, Boston, New York and St. Louis. Over three years, they visited them to measure levels and types of common allergens in their homes.
For the teacher, teaching her was fun.
For the ten years since the last census the population has shrunk by 7.15%.
For the theater, he made coulisses and curtains.
For the thousandth time, I don't need your help.
For the thousandth time, I'm telling you not to do it.
For the thousandth time, don't bring your phones to school.
For the time Ziri was there, he didn't leave his sister's side.
For the time being I want to work at that bookstore.
For the time being I will not be working with you.
For the time being I've got to share this room with a friend.
For the time being we two had better not meet too often.
For the time being, I am studying French at this language school.
For the time being, I can't add anything more.
For the time being, I don't have a plan.
For the time being, I intend to stay at a hotel.
For the time being, I must share this room with my friend.
For the time being, I will wait for the result of the survey.
For the time being, I'll be staying in Boston.
For the time being, I'm happy with my internet service provider.
For the time being, I'm in Boston.
For the time being, I'm studying French at this language school.
For the time being, Tom is living in Australia, and his wife is living in New Zealand.
For the time being, Tom is staying with us.
For the time being, Tom lives in Australia, and his wife lives in New Zealand.
For the time being, Tom lives in Boston, and his wife lives in Chicago.
For the time being, everything is going swimmingly.
For the time being, everything is going well.
For the time being, he's staying at a neighboring hotel.
For the time being, he’s staying at a neighboring hotel.
For the time being, let's just sit here.
For the time being, let's not do anything.
For the time being, let's not do that.
For the time being, let's sit here.
For the time being, my sister is an assistant in a supermarket.
For the time being, she is clerking in a department store.
For the time being, there seems to be almost no hope of a solution.
For the time being, we don't need anything.
For the time being, we must give him the benefit of the doubt.
For the time being, we need nothing.
For the time being, we won't be picking Tom for the first team.
For the time being.
For the time, the special effects in this film were phenomenal. They still stand up well today.
For the twentieth time that evening the two men shook hands.
For the vast majority of native speakers of a language, what matters is to be competent to communicate in their language.
For the whole day yesterday I was learning English words off by heart.
For the whole of the past week, the rain was incessant.
For the woman the child is a completion, and a liberation from all strangeness and insecurity: it is also, mentally, a sign of maturity.
For the world to be a better place, radical changes must be made.
For the world, you are somebody, but for somebody you are the world.
For their grand opening, the store owners were planning giveaways for the first thirty customers in line.
For their honeymoon they took a voyage around the world.
For them it's a matter of life and death.
For them it's a question of life or death.
For them the baleful effects of climate change aren’t vague or theoretical but already happening before their eyes.
For them, it has to be a larger number.
For them, it was the end.
For there is no difference between a poor man and a rich man, or between a master and a servant.
For there is no difference betwixt a poor man and a rich, betwixt a master and a servant.
For these African immigrants turned American truckers—keeping their eyes on the road is the key to success.
For these extremists, if you're not a Muslim, you're not welcome.
For these launched languages the website has been successfully localized, and has enough sentences collected to allow for ongoing Speak and Listen contributions.
For these open words, I have to give you my highest appreciation.
For these ought not to be alive.
For these patients, surgical treatment is far from being satisfactory.
For these reasons, I must tender my resignation.
For these reasons, I particularly appreciate everyone's patience as we debug the new information system that has replaced the outdated system.
For these things I weep, my eyes, my eyes shed tears, for the comforter that would restore my soul is removed from me. My children are desolate, for the enemy has prevailed.
For they overflowed exceedingly: and filled all on the face of the earth: and the ark was carried upon the waters.
For they were exceeding rich, and could not dwell together: neither was the land in which they sojourned able to bear them, for the multitude of their flocks.
For things that have had contents with volatile oil like thinners they should be left for a few days to completely evaporate it before being disposed of as non-flammable waste.
For thirty years, the deaths remained a mystery.
For this bad weather I don’t feel like going out.
For this design house it was an appropriate strategy to introduce even more radical colors into computer production.
For this grand deed of heroism the Romans set up a statue to Horatius in the comitium, and gave him in reward as much land as he could drive his plough round in the space of a whole day.
For this he got it in the neck at work.
For this it's definitely worth coming.
For this murder, Fadil went to the electric chair.
For this project I see myself as becoming a Japan and Europe go-between.
For this race, people under the age of 35 (including 35) join the young people's group; people from 36 to 50 years old join the middle-aged group and people 51 or over join the elderly group.
For this race, people under the age of 35 (including 35) join the young people’s group; people from 36 to 50 years old join the middle-aged group and people 51 or over join the elderly group.
For this reason I cannot agree with you.
For this reason we're making you a special offer.
For this reason, I can't go with you.
For this reason, I cannot go with you.
For this reason, I can’t go with you.
For this reason, I recently made a free master guide that outlines how to start a blog.
For this reason, no one can blame Tom.
For this reason, the credibility of the book's authors rests on the credibility of their sources.
For this reason, the credibility of the book’s authors rests on the credibility of their sources.
For this reason, the language is the most destructive weapon of all.
For this reason, there are few tall buildings in this area.
For this recipe, only one onion is necessary.
For this request, please choose 'accept' or 'reject' from the waiting list.
For this sword, the tang passes fully through the handle, tapering toward the end.
For this test, I bought a voltage tester.
For this time of year, it's hot.
For this time of year, the weather is chilly.
For this, I really think we can make it.
For this, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not kill, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, Thou shalt not covet; and if there be any other commandment, it is briefly comprehended in this saying, namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.
For those lucky enough to get tickets, it’s a discovery.
For those of us that love frisbee, there's a match tomorrow.
For those on the lower rungs of the economic ladder, cheek-by-jowl living is the grim reality and staying two meters apart is not an option.
For those people who could not master English, English becomes a regrettable object.
For those unfamiliar with the back story of the lady warrior in the star-spangled bathing suit and red knee-high boots, she wields a Golden Lasso of Truth, wears bulletproof bracelets and has superhuman strength. She is Princess Diana, descended from the immortal Amazons of Greek mythology.
For those who are used to living in hell, it is unbearable in paradise. For this reason, members of the Russian diaspora in the United States have voted for Donald Trump.
For those who aren't aware, this spelling carries sexual connotations so be careful how you use it.
For those who came to us, thank you.
For those who can afford it, wedding expenses can include flowers, specially designed menus and table cards, and other table decor.
For those who confuse the verb endings "-тся" and "ться", there's a special little place in Hell prepared just for you.
For those who don't know, Bratislava is the capital of Slovakia.
For those wishing to learn English as it is currently used, example sentences taken from old public domain books without considering whether it's something used nowadays may not be so useful, and perhaps might even mislead students.
For thou hast redeemed thy world through the cross.
For thousands of years, the Martians had to live enclosed in buildings or subterranean structures.
For three days I had to wander in the desert.
For three days after death hair and fingernails continue to grow but phone calls taper off.
For three days straight, I couldn't get this song out of my head and the chorus always came right back into my thoughts.
For three days, I wandered in the desert.
For three hours we strolled about together, watching the ever-changing kaleidoscope of life as it ebbs and flows through Fleet Street and the Strand.
For three hundred years they have farmed the surrounding land.
For three nights starting January 3rd, please.
For three weeks, he ate nothing at all.
For three whole months after her accident, Mary could get about only with the help of a walking frame.
For three years on that most sensational of the New York dailies he had been the star man, the chief muckraker, the chief sleuth.
For thy sake, tobacco, I would do anything but die.
For to him it was intolerable to think in a hurry, to jump to slapdash decisions, to act on instincts that could not be explained.
For today's match, Tom is the goalie.
For today's match, Tom is the goalkeeper.
For today's tourists Savannah's attraction is its hundreds of 19th century buildings with wrought iron balconies, graceful palm and magnolia trees, nearby recreation facilities, and southern hospitality.
For toil alone the gods sell all good things.
For tomorrow, I had other plans.
For tomorrow, I have other plans.
For too long society has placed sole emphasis on children's test results, to the detriment of social discipline.
For too long society has placed sole emphasis on children’s test results, to the detriment of social discipline.
For too long, forgetting your mother tongue was a sign of patriotism in the land of immigrants.
For too many of us the political equality we once had won was meaningless in the face of economic inequality. A small group had concentrated into their own hands an almost complete control over other people's property, other people's money, other people's labor — other people's lives. For too many of us life was no longer free; liberty no longer real; men could no longer follow the pursuit of happiness.
For truly on countless occasions throughout my life I have had this experience; persons for a time talk pleasantly with me because of my work among the sick, in which they think me very well trained, but when they learn later on that I am also trained in mathematics, they avoid me for the most part and are no longer at all glad to be with me.
For twelve years this Nation was afflicted with hear-nothing, see-nothing, do-nothing Government. The Nation looked to Government but the Government looked away.
For two days straight I couldn't sleep because of the noise outside.
For two hours we rambled about together, in silence for the most part, as befits two men who know each other intimately.
For two months, he has been waiting.
For two months, he's been waiting.
For two weeks from tomorrow, please.
For two weeks, the British soldiers waited.
For two whole years a team of town planners, local business people and residents worked on a blueprint for the town, a former centre of car production.
For two years he had a prosperous administration.
For two years now, I've watched Steve go steadily downhill.
For two years, I shuttled between Paris and Berlin.
For two years, nothing has changed.
For understandable reasons, they have been rejected.
For us it is a necessary tool to reach our ideal.
For us it's a great honour that our research findings have been recognised in this way.
For us to answer this question, we have to turn the clock back just a bit.
For us too one day the sun will shine.
For us tourism is very important.
For us, Algeria is the greatest country in the world.
For us, English is more difficult than Spanish.
For us, English was the language to fall back on when we couldn't make ourselves understood in French.
For us, English was the language to fall back on when we couldn’t make ourselves understood in French.
For us, he was an unquestionable authority.
For us, it's a project we want to realize next year.
For us, it's night, but in Krasnoyarsk, it's already morning.
For us, school was a place to get away from as fast as possible.
For us, tourism is very important.
For us, what’s most important is understanding the intention of the leadership.
For various reasons, it has not been possible to do that quickly.
For various reasons, the departure will be postponed.
For very long videos you have to choose the first few minutes.
For very long?
For victims, treating a snakebite requires the use of anti-venom. However, receiving the correct form of treatment can be difficult. The victim must first know which kind of snake bit them. That is because each poisonous snake produces a different kind of venom.
For violence and insults surround us all, and usually turn against those who have given rise to them.
For want of a nail the shoe was lost, for want of a shoe the horse was lost, and for want of a horse the man was lost.
For war machines, countries always have money.
For wars, nations always have money.
For we always value the prudent man at a very great price.
For we are but the shell and the leaf: the great death which each man has in himself, that is the fruit around which everything revolves.
For we are skirting the base of Mount Eryx, now Monte Giuliano, whence Acestes the king came down to meet Aeneas when he landed on his return from Carthage; and where Aeneas—so they say—founded the town of Acesta, which afterwards became Egesta, and is now Segesta.
For we have learned from recent experience that when a financial system weakens in one country, prosperity is hurt everywhere.
For we hear that some among you are living irresponsibly, working at nothing, but being busybodies.
For we must consider that we shall be a city upon a hill.
For well over half of the 19th century, Venice was part of Austria.
For what aim did you acquire it?
For what are you waiting? You're always waiting for something.
For what cause didst thou say, she was thy sister, that I might take her to my wife? Now therefore there is thy wife, take her, and go thy way.
For what is life but a play in which everyone acts a part until the curtain comes down?
For what is the amount of all his prayers, but an attempt to make the Almighty change his mind, and act otherwise than he does?
For what it's worth, I completely agree with you.
For what it's worth, I don't think you should go.
For what it's worth, I think that's a terrible idea.
For what it's worth, I thought you did a great job with the pitch.
For what it's worth, I'm two years older than you.
For what it's worth, we should have regulated this a long time ago.
For what purpose are you here?
For what purpose did he come here?
For what purpose did you borrow it?
For what purpose did you break into the house?
For what purpose do you need it?
For what purpose is religion needed?
For what purpose?
For what reason are we living?
For what reason are you learning English?
For what reason are you removing it from him?
For what reason did you abandon them?
For what reason did you come?
For what reason did you conceal the honey?
For what reason did you cry?
For what reason do so many people adore visiting Kyoto?
For what reason do you remain?
For what reason?
For what the soul is to the body, a good prince is to the commonwealth.
For what time, sir?
For what use?
For what you have written, your reaction is not justified in any manner, and I imagine it can make your life impossible.
For what?
For whatever it's worth, I agree.
For whatever reason, they did not marry.
For whatever reason, they didn't get married.
For whatever reason, they didn't marry.
For wheelchair users, the city center is like an obstacle course.
For wheelchair users, the city centre is like an obstacle course.
For when a woman is left too much alone, sooner or later she begins to think;- And no man knows what then she may discover.
For when the typhoon comes by, I want to prepare for it as best as I can.
For whether it's about marriage or about unmarried cohabitation, the institution of marriage resulted from the need to protect the children and the woman, and to ensure the reproduction and perpetuation of the species.
For while, the queen awaiting, round he gazed, / and marvelled at he happy town, and scanned / the rival labours of each craftman's hand, / behold, Troy's battles on the walls appear, / the war, since noised through many a distant land, / there Priam and th' Atridae twain, and here / Achilles, fierce to both, still ruthless and severe.
For whither thou goest, I will go; and where thou lodgest, I will lodge: thy people shall be my people, and thy God my God:
For who do you want us to hide?
For who, let me ask, ever heard of a balloon manufactured entirely of dirty newspapers?
For whom are they waiting?
For whom did you carry water?
For whom do the bells toll?
For whom do you want me to speak?
For whom does the bell toll?
For whom have you brought the bone?
For whom is the present?
For whom sit these snakes, sizzling atop your heads?
For whom was the course prepared?
For whom will you vote for president?
For women who are unable to conceive naturally, in vitro fertilization gives them a chance to have a child.
For wooden or bamboo utensils, avoid soaking them for too long.
For world peace, therefore, we must develop the consciousness that we are all one people of planet Earth through continual international cultural and economic exchange.
For writing papers, most college students mainly use computers.
For years I have been struggling to reduce the sloppiness in our office to a tolerable minimum.
For years I toasted my bread in the oven and then one day I bought a toaster.
For years I've been saying that this wouldn't end well.
For years Marina had been inspecting houses.
For years during First Contact, people on Earth wondered what the alien visitors might look like.
For years he has been at the market every Tuesday morning with his fish stall.
For years he is at the market every Tuesday morning with his fish stall.
For years he struggled with addiction. And he opened a recovery center for people looking to get rid of addictions.
For years my only interest has been work.
For years past I have continually been conscious of some power behind the malefactor, some deep organising power which forever stands in the way of the law, and throws its shield over the wrong-doer. Again and again in cases of the most varying sorts--forgery cases, robberies, murders--I have felt the presence of this force, and I have deduced its action in many of those undiscovered crimes in which I have not been personally consulted. For years I have endeavoured to break through the veil which shrouded it, and at last the time came when I seized my thread and followed it, until it led me, after a thousand cunning windings, to ex-Professor Moriarty of mathematical celebrity.
For years past I have continually been conscious of some power behind the malefactor, some deep organising power which forever stands in the way of the law.
For years the people of Somalia have suffered from a seemingly unending cycle of war and famine.
For years the picture passed as a genuine Rembrandt.
For years you've said and done nothing about anything, and now you do this?
For years, Algeria has been presented as a kind of model of political stability.
For years, Assange was confined to the Ecuadorian embassy in London.
For years, I visited Jane's grave.
For years, I've been dreaming of the bright green fields and the hedges of England.
For years, Thomas had lived alone in the lighthouse, tending to its flame and keeping watch over the treacherous waters below.
For years, Tom suffered from migraine headaches.
For years, Ziri couldn't get over Rima's betrayal.
For years, agriculture was placed on the back burner in Algeria.
For years, cybersecurity experts in government and the private sector have warned that the networks Americans rely on are not secure and that many may have already been compromised.
For years, in all seasons and all weathers, Tom has been sleeping on a bench on the bank of the Main.
For years, in all seasons, come rain or shine, Tom has slept on a bench on the bank of the Main.
For years, microbiologists knew about this sort of grouping behavior in bacteria, but it had never been observed before in microbes like the sleeping sickness parasite.
For years, my mother has had a fear of flying.
For years, robots have helped doctors perform operations with greater safety, speed and exactness than by using hand-controlled instruments.
For years, science fiction writers have imagined cloaking devices that could make objects or people invisible.
For years, science fiction writers have imagined cloaking devices that could make objects or people invisible. While invisibility cloaks are still a fantasy, scientists have developed the optical materials that could some day make the illusion a reality. As VOA's Jessica Berman reports the materials, which bend light, have more serious applications as well.
For years, she suffered from migraine headaches.
For years, supermarkets have offered ready-to-eat salads, sandwiches, pizzas and a variety of other meals in their refrigerated sections. Some supermarkets have now gone a step further, opening cafes, restaurants and in-store kitchens with chefs preparing gourmet specialties. They are taking the advice of marketing experts who follow the latest trends in consumer lifestyles and who closely monitor public concerns about nutrition, health and food safety.
For yet a while, and after seven days, I will rain upon the earth forty days and forty nights: and I will destroy every substance that I have made, from the face of the earth.
For you guys' repeated acts of pretending to be possess inability to be made unholy.
For you the command of Zeus hath consummation.
For you to come out and say that kind of thing now would just be pouring oil on the fire.
For you who love adventure, this kind of hiking will meet your need.
For you, I left hobbies and friends.
For you, I will do it gladly.
For you, I'll do it.
For you, I'll gladly do it.
For you, Skura, anything!
For you, against myself I'll vow debate, for I must ne'er love him whom you do hate.
For you, failure is the only option.
For you, it's free.
For you, one who is fluent in the French, English and Spanish languages, Esperanto should be even easier than for other people.
For you, who is the most annoying one?
For you?
For young children, the right food can be the vitamins and minerals that are a key part of the nourishment they need to grow strong and healthy.
For young people silence is better than talking.
For your Catullus' purse is completely covered in cobwebs.
For your always smiling face, thank you.
For your bed itself cries out that you aren't letting yourself throw the nights away in vain.
For your birthday, I'll buy you anything you want.
For your consideration.
For your efforts, he regards you with the utmost respect.
For your info, maintenance work may take about 72 hours.
For your information, I have not insulted you.
For your information, I won't be coming to class next week.
For your information, I've held this position for 20 years.
For your information, I've slept with your husband.
For your information, that was my idea.
For your information, the marketing subcommittee is scheduling a phone conference to establish objectives and directions for 1998.
For your information, this is the ladies' room, not the men's room.
For your information, you are no longer welcome here.
For your information.
For your love, I would do anything.
For your next birthday, I'm giving you a bicycle.
For your next weekend road trip or holiday vacation, leave your low-altitude lodgings to live the high life in one of these beautiful American mountain towns.
For your own safety, just stay here.
For your own safety, never ride in a car with a drunk driver.
For your own safety, please don't come here.
For your own sake, the less you know about the specifics of this plan, the better.
For your protection, please read these safety instructions completely before operating the appliance.
For your sake, I hope that doesn't happen.
For your sake, I hope that that doesn't happen.
For your sake, I will do this job.
For your sake, father, I would cut the devil himself into small bits, or even become a devil myself.
For your sister, she's the shy type.
For your undesecratable deeds.
For, as blushing will sometimes make a whore pass for a virtuous woman, so modesty may make a fool seem a man of sense.
For, as long as he liv’d, ’twas his comfort and joy, to think he’d not been an undutiful boy.
For, in reason, all government without the consent of the governed is the very definition of slavery: but in fact, eleven men well armed will certainly subdue one single man in his shirt.
For, though such colloquialisms as are peculiar to Public School life are naturally and rightly included, yet by far the larger number of the examples here set down do not, by any accepted method of classification, fall within that category.
For, when I came out of Mesopotamia, Rachel died from me in the land of Canaan in the very journey, and it was spring time: and I was going to Ephrata, and I buried her near the way of Ephrata, which by another name is called Bethlehem.
Forage crops like clover and alfalfa could be planted.
Forasmuch as you have desired so simple a woman to write in so worthy a book, good Master Lieutenant, therefore I shall, as a friend, desire you, and as a Christian, require you, to call upon God to incline your heart to his laws, to quicken you in his way, and not to take the word of truth utterly out of your mouth.
Forbidden Planet, a vintage American sci-fi film, was influential to my childhood psyche, thinking about robots and living in an ultramodern house on a deserted planet.
Forbidden fruit is always the sweetest.
Forbidden fruit is sweetest.
Forbidden fruit is the sweetest.
Forbidden fruit tastes best.
Forbidden fruit tastes sweetest.
Force is the only language they understand.
Force wins a footing, and, the foremost slain, / in, like a deluge, pours the Danaan train.
Force yourself!
Forced detransition is murder.
Forced disappearance is a crime against humanity.
Forced happiness is a nightmare.
Forced love is the strongest hatred.
Forced marriage is a form of slavery.
Forced sterilization is a crime against humanity.
Forced to choose between Mary, Jane, and Betty, Tom was utterly nonplussed.
Forced work is pointless: I attract them with decent pay.
Forchhammer found that the proportions of the major salts in seawater stay about the same everywhere. This constant ratio is known as Forchhammer's Principle.
Forchhammer put the samples through a detailed series of chemical analyses.
Forchhammer's discovery helped scientists understand that salinity levels in seawater vary due to the addition or removal of fresh water, rather than differing amounts of salt minerals in the water.
Forcing Tom to testify would be a mistake.
Forcing customers to sign a contract by using threats is an unforgivable act as a bank employee.
Forcing drag queens to only wear couture during challenges is prejudicial to queens from disadvantaged backgrounds.
Forcing happiness in the short term makes you feel worse in the long term.
Forcing people to convert isn't part of Islam.
Ford introduced the Model T car in 1908.
Ford is bringing out the new models soon.
Ford seemed to be convinced, and I think correctly so in retrospect, that it would be far better to have a vaccine and no pandemic, then to have a pandemic and no vaccine.
Ford the stream without soaking yourself.
Ford was poorly educated.
Ford won by one hundred-seventeen votes.
Forecasters expect the hurricane will continue to gain strength over the coming days as it moves toward the southern Gulf of Mexico.
Forecasters now are able to predict bad weather better than ever with a modern set of tools, including satellite data, high altitude balloons, radar stations and computer models, but for tornados, the false alarm rate has hovered about 75 percent for decades.
Forecasters said the storm was bringing snow, sleet and freezing rain to Midwestern and Southern states, where temperatures were expected to be 20 to 40 degrees below average.
Forecasters say Laura continues to bring damaging winds and flooding rainfall as it moves inland over western and central Louisiana.
Forecasters say more snow is expected in the area in the coming days.
Forecasting is saying what will happen and then explaining why it didn't.
Forecasting is the art of saying what will happen, and then explaining why it didn't.
Forecasting is the way of saying what will happen and then explaining why it didn't.
Forecasting is the way of saying what will happen and then explaining why it didn’t.
Forecasts are for a high of 44 degrees in the Portuguese city of Evora, 130 kilometers east of Lisbon, and the Spanish province of Badajoz across the border.
Forecasts for the Algerian economy don't seem to be that great at all.
Forecasts of the global economic outlook are becoming gloomier.
Foreclosures are on the rise.
Foreclosures are rare.
Foreign Minister Nicolas Maduro says Mr. Chavez had an abscess removed from his pelvic area.
Foreign accent syndrome is an as-yet unexplained medical condition where the patient can no longer pronounce his mother tongue correctly and seems to have a foreign accent.
Foreign books are sold at the shop.
Foreign businesses are setting up companies in Algeria.
Foreign businessmen living in Tokyo often complain of the high prices for imported western food.
Foreign companies consider investing in Egypt, but its civil unrest proves a deterrent.
Foreign countries have beautiful architecture.
Foreign direct investment has decreased in Algeria.
Foreign direct investment inflows have slowed in recent years.
Foreign direct investments in China amounted to $3 billion last year.
Foreign expressions can give speech a certain je ne sais quoi.
Foreign films often pique the interest of Americans only if they have a lot of action scenes.
Foreign investment and EU funding aided in the transition.
Foreign investment is crucial to the Algerian economy.
Foreign investment is very scarce in Algeria.
Foreign investments have fallen in Algeria.
Foreign investments in Algeria have continued to decline.
Foreign investments will boost Algeria's economy.
Foreign investments will boost the Algerian economy.
Foreign investors are heavily restricted in Algeria.
Foreign investors backed off because of regional political unrest.
Foreign investors withdrew their money from America.
Foreign investors withdrew their money from the United States.
Foreign languages can be hard to learn.
Foreign languages have always interested me.
Foreign learners feel discouraged to engage in conversations due to the constant fear of being ridiculed by the native speaker.
Foreign learners hesitate to seek assistance from English native speakers due to their reputation for making hurtful remarks.
Foreign people are amusing.
Foreign people intrigue me.
Foreign policy is tourism at state expense.
Foreign products arrived on the market in large quantities.
Foreign rice is hard and tasteless, and doesn't appeal to the Japanese palate.
Foreign rice is hard and tasteless, and doesn’t appeal to the Japanese palate.
Foreign students demanded help from us.
Foreign tourists in this country are numerous.
Foreign tourists want to enjoy what Algeria has to offer at an affordable price.
Foreign trade brings in a large income.
Foreign trade consists of a two-way flow of commodities-export and import.
Foreign trade consists of a two-way flow of commodities: export and import.
Foreign workers make up 30% of his company.
Foreigners admire Mt. Fuji.
Foreigners are interesting, aren't they?
Foreigners are reluctant to invest in Algeria.
Foreigners are very intolerant.
Foreigners astound me.
Foreigners complain that it is difficult to get to know Japanese people. To some extent this may be true.
Foreigners don't want to invest in Algeria.
Foreigners get special treatment in that country.
Foreigners import drugs into my country, and later fear of the drugs.
Foreigners in general don't need as many compliments as Japanese are required to give each other, and it is good to keep this in mind.
Foreigners in general don’t need as many compliments as Japanese are required to give each other, and it is good to keep this in mind.
Foreigners make me curious.
Foreigners often feel unwelcome here.
Foreigners were forbidden to enter the temple.
Foreigners who live in Japan are judged according to Japanese laws.
Foremost politicians of three nations expressed their grave concern concerning the consequences of military operations in south-eastern Ukraine.
Foremost, Esperanto is a friendly language.
Forensic investigators found fresh meat in Yanni's stomach.
Forensic linguists, recognizing that no two people use language in exactly the same way, will examine the idiolect of an extortion letter to determine authorship.
Forensics officers and criminal investigations detectives continued to work at the cordoned-off unit and its surrounds.
Forest conservation is an important issue all over the world.
Forested wetlands are the subject of extensive USDA research.
Forestry and farming are minor components of GDP.
Forests are an important source of oxygen.
Forests are being cut down.
Forests are decreasing.
Forests are disappearing all over the country.
Forests are massive sponges of carbon dioxide.
Forests are the lungs of the earth.
Forests can cope with one year of drought, but not successive ones.
Forests cover about 30 percent of the earth's land surface.
Forests cover around 9.4% of the earth's surface.
Forests cover around 9.4% of the earth’s surface.
Forests help provide the air we breathe and play a major role in providing clean water.
Forests regulate the water cycle and take away harmful carbon dioxide.
Forests, gardens, peace and learning can all be found at the Arboretum.
Forever lasts the longest.
Forever tiroes, stay on the side aisle.
Forever we will change, forever we will learn.
Forever!
Forewarned is forearmed.
Forfeiture of your assets is the last thing you should be worried about.
Forged by the czarist secret police in Russia by plagiarizing several fictional works, the Protocols of the Elders of Zion continue to exert a large influence on the shape and character of modern antisemitism.
Forget English.
Forget I ever said anything.
Forget I said anything.
Forget I said that.
Forget I'm family, Ziri.
Forget Tom and me.
Forget Tom.
Forget Ziri and come with me to Algeria.
Forget about Tom.
Forget about anxiety, think about worries!
Forget about her already.
Forget about her!
Forget about her.
Forget about him already.
Forget about him.
Forget about it, OK?
Forget about it.
Forget about it. It's such a small thing.
Forget about me.
Forget about robotics. Not even the beetle can find sure footing and stumbles randomly.
Forget about that little bastard.
Forget about that now.
Forget about that right now!
Forget about that right now.
Forget about that.
Forget about the Kabyle dress.
Forget about the award.
Forget about the campaign. That kind of company policy is practically unchangeable.
Forget about the past, live in the present, think about the future.
Forget about the past. Compared to yesterday, I like today more. That's why I try to enjoy the moment, that's all.
Forget about the past. Compared to yesterday, I like today more. That’s why I try to enjoy the moment, that’s all.
Forget about them.
Forget about this guy. There are a lot of men better than him in this world.
Forget about this.
Forget about us.
Forget about what I said yesterday.
Forget about what he says and concentrate on what he does.
Forget about your wives!
Forget all grudges and begin living freely.
Forget being nice there.
Forget everything I said!
Forget everything I told you!
Forget everything I've told you.
Forget everything that they teach you. Your regime is an apartheid racist system that is blatantly violating international law.
Forget everything you know about ignorance.
Forget everything you think you know about Boston.
Forget everything you were taught in school.
Forget her.
Forget him and get on with your life.
Forget him.
Forget insults, but never forget favors.
Forget it all.
Forget it!
Forget it! It was just an idea.
Forget it, Jake, it's Chinatown.
Forget it, Tom. It's Tatoeba.
Forget it, let us talk about happy stuff!
Forget it, this is a hopeless case.
Forget it, those are just trivial details.
Forget it.
Forget it. He is our mutual friend, after all.
Forget it. He isn’t worthy of you.
Forget it. It was just an idea.
Forget it. It's not worth it.
Forget it. It's too risky.
Forget it. It’s not worth it.
Forget it. There's no point giving him advice.
Forget it. There's no sense giving him advice.
Forget it. There’s no sense giving him advice.
Forget me.
Forget my number.
Forget my phone number.
Forget our conversation.
Forget science.
Forget that now.
Forget that!
Forget the anxieties of life and learn to relax.
Forget the chocolates, roses and jewelry. This Valentine’s Day (Feb. 14), perhaps the best gift we can give our significant other is our undivided attention. Unfortunately for many, it’s easier said than done. A recent international survey of more than 13,000 adults found that in the company of their partner, nearly 40 percent felt their partner paid more attention to their mobile device.
Forget the last line.
Forget the newspaper and listen to what I'm telling you.
Forget the old saw: some men are, in fact, islands.
Forget the past, live the future.
Forget the past, think about the future, and live in the present.
Forget the past, think of the future and live in the present.
Forget the past.
Forget the sad affair.
Forget the stress. Let's relax and fish together.
Forget the whole thing.
Forget them!
Forget them.
Forget this ever happened.
Forget this sad event.
Forget we said anything.
Forget what I have just told you.
Forget what I just said.
Forget what I just told you.
Forget what I said yesterday.
Forget what I said.
Forget what I've just told you.
Forget what happened.
Forget what people say about you; what matters is what you yourself do.
Forget you ever saw me.
Forget your birthday? Perish the thought.
Forget your cares.
Forget your selfish ways.
Forget your sorrows.
Forget your trouble.
Forget your troubles for a while and come and have dinner with us.
Forget your worries.
Forget!
Forgetfulness and laziness are siblings.
Forgetting his key, he was able to open the door by inserting a wire in the key hole.
Forgetting history runs the risk of repeating its mistakes.
Forgetting the past is no easy task.
Forgetting to say the graduating student's name at the graduation ceremony was a colossal miss.
Forgive Tom and me.
Forgive Tom.
Forgive and forget.
Forgive each other!
Forgive everyone, forget nothing.
Forgive everything, but forget nothing.
Forgive her.
Forgive him if you can. He is not guilty.
Forgive him.
Forgive me Father for I have sinned.
Forgive me because I can't accept your love.
Forgive me for asking this.
Forgive me for asking, but at what time will the teacher arrive?
Forgive me for being blunt.
Forgive me for being disloyal.
Forgive me for being dressed like this.
Forgive me for being frank. You have erred.
Forgive me for being late.
Forgive me for being so late.
Forgive me for being so stupid.
Forgive me for breaking my promise.
Forgive me for coming late.
Forgive me for interrupting the other day.
Forgive me for interrupting you the other day.
Forgive me for my ignorance.
Forgive me for saying that.
Forgive me for the anxiety I've poured into you.
Forgive me for wasting your time.
Forgive me for what I did to you.
Forgive me if I am wrong, but is your birthday on the 14th March?
Forgive me if I don't act surprised.
Forgive me if I have offended you.
Forgive me if I haven't cooked supper well.
Forgive me if I'm wrong.
Forgive me my nonsense as I also forgive the nonsense of those who think they talk sense.
Forgive me or not, it's all the same.
Forgive me!
Forgive me! I haven't done anything wrong.
Forgive me! I'm tired and irritable.
Forgive me! My heart belongs to another.
Forgive me, Brother.
Forgive me, I don't know what came over me.
Forgive me, I thought of something else.
Forgive me, I'm a bit nervous.
Forgive me, I've done you wrong.
Forgive me, but I have no change.
Forgive me, but I have simply chosen to align myself with the side that I believe will win.
Forgive me, for I have sinned.
Forgive me, my love.
Forgive me, please!
Forgive me, please.
Forgive me, please. I meant well.
Forgive me, sir, but you're beginning to get on my nerves.
Forgive me.
Forgive me. I'm so sorry.
Forgive my laziness.
Forgive my sins.
Forgive the intrusion.
Forgive them, God, for they know not what they do.
Forgive them, for they know not what they do.
Forgive them.
Forgive us for that.
Forgive us.
Forgive your enemies but don't forget their names.
Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.
Forgive your enemy, but remember the name of that bastard.
Forgive your neighbor often, yourself never.
Forgive, but do not forget.
Forgive, but don't forget.
Forgiveness can break the cycle of evil.
Forgiveness comes from God.
Forgiveness is a virtue.
Forgiveness is between them and God. It's my job to arrange the meeting.
Forgiveness is the first sign of senile weakness.
Forgiveness is the fragrance that the violet sheds on the heel that has crushed it.
Forgiveness is the greatest gift of all.
Forgiveness takes time for me.
Forgiving or being patient does not mean that you always accept everything that others do to you.
Forgiving others is a kind deed to yourself.
Forgiving those who have caused you pain is challenging.
Forgiving you is something I can't do at this moment.
Forgot password?
Forgot your password?
Forgotten is my favorite movie.
Forgotten wrecks are a time bomb.
Forgotten your login credentials?
Fork the project.
Fork-users are mainly in Europe, North America, and Latin America; chopstick-users in eastern Asia and finger-users in Africa, the Middle East, Indonesia, and India.
Fork-users have historically been in the minority.
Forks and chopsticks became popular because they could easily handle hot food.
Forks are tactical maneuvers in which a piece or pawn attacks two enemy pieces or pawns at the same time.
Forks go to the left side of the plate, and knives go to the right.
Forks were used for many years in Europe and the Near East, but only for cooking.
Form a circle around me!
Form a line one meter away from the one in front of you.
Form a line, keeping one meter away from the person in front of you.
Form a sentence using the term 'supermarket chain'.
Form a straight line!
Form is emptiness, emptiness is form.
Form is emptiness; emptiness is form.
Form is temporary, class is permanent.
Form the dough into a ball.
Form two lines.
Formal acceptance of the article was sent to MLJ on March 24th.
Formal declarations of war haven't been America's style since 1942.
Formal declarations of war haven't been the United States's style since 1942.
Formal declarations of war haven’t been America’s style since 1942.
Formal dress must be worn.
Formal written English avoids contractions, such as you're, won't, and can't.
Formalities won't help here.
Formalizing our agreement in writing is a necessary next step.
Format is the standard way an essay is structured, such as Modern Language Association (MLA); American Psychological Association (APA) style, used mostly for scientific papers; and Chicago Manual of Style (CMOS).
Formatting a hard disk is a simple process, but expensive. It can cost up to $50 in Brazil.
Former Algerian president Abdelaziz Bouteflika understood that he needed to step down from power.
Former Delray Beach finalist Donald Young is now a French Open doubles finalist.
Former Indian opener Virender Sehwag is known as one of the most destructive openers in Indian cricket history.
Former Japanese athlete Seiko Hashimoto has become the new president of the Tokyo 2020 Olympics organizing committee.
Former London mayor Boris Johnson was the leader of the campaign for "Brexit".
Former Olympic fencing champion PÃ¡l Schmitt has been elected President of Hungary.
Former Olympic fencing champion Pál Schmitt has been elected President of Hungary.
Former President George H.W. Bush said despite the fierceness of the 1984 campaign, he and Ferraro later enjoyed a friendship marked by respect and affection.
Former President George W. Bush made a rare public appearance, stumping in South Carolina to support his brother Jeb Bush’s presidential campaign.
Former President Gerald Ford commissioned a birdhouse with a stars and stripes theme.
Former U.S. President Bill Clinton, who’s been a major supporter of the Hult Prize since its inception in 2009, announced the winners.
Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter and U.S. billionaire Bill Gates have joined the chorus of those expressing concern about U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to suspend U.S. funding for the World Health Organization.
Former U.S. presidential candidate Herman Cain was diagnosed six years ago with stage-four colon cancer. Tumors had already spread to his liver. Cain was given a 30 percent chance of survival. But after having surgery and undergoing chemotherapy, Cain says his cancer went into remission.
Former astronaut Alvin Drew remembers the first time he went to the museum, then newly opened, in 1976.
Former communists dominated the government until 1996 when they were swept from power.
Former horse trainer assistant Kayla Lanning had to drive 85 miles (136 km) to deliver twins last year. They are now being treated by a specialist at yet another hospital, 76 miles (122 km) away.
Former pop stars are just plain old women by the time they're 40.
Former pop stars are just plain old women by the time they’re 40.
Former residents returned to salvage what hadn't been destroyed.
Former trainees are apprised of key changes and updates through periodic communication.
Formerly people did not know that the earth is round and that it moves around the sun.
Formerly there was no official residence for the head of government.
Formerly this building was a hospital.
Formerly this harbor was prosperous.
Formerly, I had a dream of keeping fish.
Formerly, a book was worth its weight in silver, if not in gold.
Formerly, heather was used to dye wool yellow.
Formerly, this city was beautiful.
Formidable looking spiders do not attack people.
Forming a cabinet is difficult.
Forming an information infrastructure, the real impact of the information highway is an expectation of new economic development due to a shift from a tangible hardware-industry to brain-oriented software-industry.
Forming an opinion about every single little controversy (political or otherwise) is a waste of time.
Forming consortiums or joint ventures is one way your business can increase its capacity to respond to and deliver public sector contracts.
Forms of Animism were the mainstay in ancient Philippines, even as a marginal far-flung domain of ancient Buddho-Hindu Srivijaya. As the Muslims converted natives in the south of the Philippines, then later as Roman Catholics converted natives in the north, Animism diminished.
Formula 1 announced that it has suspended the Chinese Grand Prix which was due to be staged in Shanghai in April.
Formula One teams have persuaded the sport's ruling body to allow the numbers displayed on cars next season to reflect the 2001 championship standings.
Fornication is a major sin in Islam.
Fornication is forbidden in Islam.
Fornication is forbidden in many religions.
Forsline says that securely archiving the genetic material of all crops is a critical task, especially in the case of the world's major food crops like wheat, soybeans and maize, all of which are grown from relatively few genetic varieties.
Forsooth, if this were in a play, I'd want my tuppence back!
Fort Lauderdale's marina stretches for over ten kilometers.
Fort Moultrie had fewer than seventy soldiers.
Fort Worth cultural amenities include a renowned opera company, a symphony orchestra and one of the finest museums in the southwest.
Forth Cupid, at his mother's word, repairs, / and merrily, for brave Achates led, / the royal presents to the Tyrians bears.
Forthwith at the king's command Joseph was brought out of the prison, and they shaved him: and changing his apparel brought him in to him.
Fortified foods are foods that contain vitamins, minerals, and trace elements.
Fortify it.
Fortnite is a popular online video game.
Fortran is a programming language.
Fortunate is he who is able to know the causes of things.
Fortunately I knew about his shenanigans.
Fortunately I was able to finish my work without any serious errors.
Fortunately I was well trained.
Fortunately I'm working a little bit longer.
Fortunately Mary felt the same way as did Tom.
Fortunately for today’s scientists, Apollo-era leaders had the foresight to save much of the 842 pounds (382 kilograms) of Moon soil and rocks retrieved by NASA astronauts 50 years ago for future generations. They figured new crops of scientists, using instruments of their time, would be able to probe the samples with unprecedented rigor.
Fortunately for us, our sun will continue to be around for a few billion years.
Fortunately he didn't die in the accident.
Fortunately he didn’t die in the accident.
Fortunately he is in a good position and has broad shoulders.
Fortunately he is now back to full health.
Fortunately he survived the accident.
Fortunately my brother was with me, otherwise youngsters on the street would bully me.
Fortunately none of the passengers were injured.
Fortunately she was able to understand me and my problems.
Fortunately the guest of honor did not pick up on the allusion.
Fortunately there are still bakeries where bread is baked in the traditional way.
Fortunately they had no storms on the way.
Fortunately this shed is stable, or else it'd have surely fallen down due to the storm last night.
Fortunately we are no longer young.
Fortunately you understood.
Fortunately you've appeared.
Fortunately, Dan was on the way.
Fortunately, I cut the red wire instead of the green one.
Fortunately, I cut the red wire instead of the green wire.
Fortunately, I did not go out: there is one of these rain showers!
Fortunately, I did not wait wait for him in the street.
Fortunately, I don't buy it.
Fortunately, I have a green thumb.
Fortunately, I have never succumbed to the psychosis they call love.
Fortunately, I have someone to talk to.
Fortunately, I made it home safe.
Fortunately, I made it to the class.
Fortunately, I still have five euros.
Fortunately, I stopped smoking.
Fortunately, I was on time.
Fortunately, I'm not buying into it.
Fortunately, I'm not buying it.
Fortunately, I've already done that.
Fortunately, I've got you to talk to.
Fortunately, I've solved your problem.
Fortunately, I’ve got you to talk to.
Fortunately, Kylie Minogue healed.
Fortunately, Michael never came back.
Fortunately, Robert found a way out.
Fortunately, Rodrigo was able to help Melissa.
Fortunately, Tom and Mary are still alive.
Fortunately, Tom did not get seriously hurt.
Fortunately, Tom didn't break anything.
Fortunately, Tom didn't break his leg.
Fortunately, Tom didn't die in the accident.
Fortunately, Tom didn't die.
Fortunately, Tom didn't do that.
Fortunately, Tom didn't get injured.
Fortunately, Tom didn't get seriously hurt.
Fortunately, Tom didn't say anything.
Fortunately, Tom didn't see Mary and John kissing.
Fortunately, Tom didn't see Mary kissing John.
Fortunately, Tom earns more than he spends.
Fortunately, Tom had no internal injuries.
Fortunately, Tom had plenty of help.
Fortunately, Tom is a different person now.
Fortunately, Tom is still alive.
Fortunately, Tom knows what the problem is.
Fortunately, Tom recovered.
Fortunately, Tom speaks Kabyle because he accompanied a Kabyle emigrant to the emergency room.
Fortunately, Tom survived the accident.
Fortunately, Tom survived.
Fortunately, Tom was able to do that.
Fortunately, Tom was able to rescue the drowning child.
Fortunately, Tom wasn't injured.
Fortunately, Tom's weather forecast was wide of the mark: the wind changed direction, and it promised to be a wonderful day.
Fortunately, William came to help Sandra.
Fortunately, Ziri made it home safe.
Fortunately, Ziri overtook the slow car.
Fortunately, Ziri still lives next to me.
Fortunately, abandonment issues can be treated.
Fortunately, common sense prevailed and the strike was called off.
Fortunately, everybody understood what this foreigner meant, knew I was only making a fool of myself, and laughed at me.
Fortunately, everything worked out well.
Fortunately, he didn't die.
Fortunately, he doesn't come here often. I don't like him very much.
Fortunately, he found a good job.
Fortunately, he found work.
Fortunately, he was free of debt.
Fortunately, her physique was perfect.
Fortunately, however, this is not the case.
Fortunately, it isn't raining.
Fortunately, it isn't serious.
Fortunately, it turned out well.
Fortunately, it was just a misunderstanding.
Fortunately, it's easy to fix this phone.
Fortunately, most of the road is downhill.
Fortunately, my conscience is clear, since I didn't participate in such a low and barbaric crime.
Fortunately, my son quickly adjusted to life in his new school.
Fortunately, my wound is clearing up quickly.
Fortunately, no lives were lost.
Fortunately, no one died.
Fortunately, no one got killed.
Fortunately, no one perished.
Fortunately, no one was hurt.
Fortunately, no one was injured.
Fortunately, no one was killed.
Fortunately, no passengers were injured.
Fortunately, nobody died.
Fortunately, nobody was injured.
Fortunately, nobody was killed.
Fortunately, nothing was stolen.
Fortunately, nothing was taken.
Fortunately, she did not come.
Fortunately, she didn't die.
Fortunately, she taught it to you.
Fortunately, that didn't happen.
Fortunately, that's outside my competence.
Fortunately, the aardvark is not an endangered species.
Fortunately, the beggars didn't follow us.
Fortunately, the bleeding has stopped.
Fortunately, the fire was put out before it became too serious.
Fortunately, the law had anticipated and made a provision for that case.
Fortunately, the medicine took effect immediately.
Fortunately, the medicine took immediate effect.
Fortunately, the older part of the city was spared from the Allies' bombs.
Fortunately, the organizational changes did not involve any layoffs.
Fortunately, the police arrived right away.
Fortunately, the question mark and the exclamation point cause few problems.
Fortunately, the sedatives knocked Ziri out.
Fortunately, the shark bite didn't hit any major arteries.
Fortunately, the sun came out.
Fortunately, the tomography doesn't show any skull fractures.
Fortunately, the weather was good and we were able to eat outside.
Fortunately, the weather was good.
Fortunately, the world didn't end in 1962.
Fortunately, there are a few new series on Netflix.
Fortunately, there are some techniques you can use to work around this issue.
Fortunately, there is an elevator in our hotel.
Fortunately, there were no casualties.
Fortunately, there were no injuries.
Fortunately, there weren't any tailbacks.
Fortunately, there's a special writing system for the blind.
Fortunately, they all made it.
Fortunately, they escaped danger.
Fortunately, they escaped the danger.
Fortunately, they were able to escape.
Fortunately, this can be treated.
Fortunately, this son of a bitch died.
Fortunately, those times are over.
Fortunately, today Tom is much better than he was yesterday.
Fortunately, we don't have severe droughts in Algeria.
Fortunately, we have prevailed and so a definition has been included in Article 2.
Fortunately, we managed to save Tom.
Fortunately, we returned home unharmed.
Fortunately, we've never had an oil spill.
Fortune 500 companies were the hardest hit by recent legislation.
Fortune beamed on him.
Fortune comes in by a merry gate.
Fortune does not smile twice.
Fortune favors fools.
Fortune favors the bold.
Fortune favors the brave.
Fortune favors the foolish.
Fortune favors the prepared mind.
Fortune favors the prepared.
Fortune favours the bold.
Fortune favours the brave.
Fortune has always favored me.
Fortune has turned in my favor.
Fortune is the rod of the weak, and the staff of the brave.
Fortune is unstable, while our will is free.
Fortune knocks at every man's door once in a life.
Fortune knocks but once, but misfortune has much more patience.
Fortune often opposes the reckless lover.
Fortune smiled on him.
Fortune smiles on those who dare.
Fortune takes away nothing except what she has given.
Fortunetellers in tents with gnostic symbols read palms, faces, feet, bumps on the head.
Forty Tik-Tok “warriors” died after inadvertently revealing their position.
Forty U.S. states have filed a lawsuit against 20 pharmaceutical companies that make generic drugs, accusing the companies of participating in a scheme to inflate drug prices, sometimes by as much as 1,000%.
Forty euros for a scarf? Haven't you got anything cheaper?
Forty euros for a scarf? You don't have anything cheaper?
Forty euros for a scarf? You don’t have anything cheaper?
Forty is Elias's number.
Forty miles is a good distance.
Forty million people are using the internet in Bangladesh.
Forty minutes passed.
Forty minutes went by.
Forty people attended.
Forty people can't fit in here.
Forty people were present.
Forty percent of food in the United States is wasted.
Forty percent of the workforce are white-collar workers, most of whom have some of the most tedious and idiotic jobs ever concocted.
Forty thousand dinars is a wage an Algerian can live on.
Forty thousand dinars is fine.
Forty years later, Ziri's scientific work was recognize.
Forty years later, they reached the promised land.
Forty years of conflict have devastated Afghanistan.
Forty years passed.
Forty-eight hours is how many minutes?
Forty-eight sailors are aboard.
Forty-eight sailors are on board.
Forty-eight sailors are on the ship.
Forty-five percent of Greeks said that they had never used the Internet in 2011.
Forty-five times two is ninety.
Forty-four Americans have now taken the presidential oath. The words have been spoken during rising tides of prosperity and the still waters of peace. Yet, every so often, the oath is taken amidst gathering clouds and raging storms. At these moments, America has carried on not simply because of the skill or vision of those in high office, but because We the People have remained faithful to the ideals of our forebearers, and true to our founding documents.
Forty-four US Americans have now taken the presidential oath. The words have been spoken during rising tides of prosperity and the still waters of peace. Yet, every so often, the oath is taken amidst gathering clouds and raging storms. At these moments, America has carried on not simply because of the skill or vision of those in high office, but because We the People have remained faithful to the ideals of our forebearers, and true to our founding documents.
Forty-seven men wanted the nomination.
Forty-seven percent of transgender people have been sexually assaulted at some point in their lives.
Forty-six countries and the European Union have adopted a legally binding mechanism under the so-called Aarhus Convention to protect environmental defenders who risk abuse and harm because of their activism.
Forty-six countries at the UN Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species voted to outlaw the practice, while 18, including the United States, voted against a ban.
Forty-something million dollars or so I've been told.
Forty-three years later, Tom finally learned Spanish.
Forty-two languages are spoken in Togo.
Forums and websites dedicated to people sharing their scary dreams have prompted scientists and psychologists to look closer at this development.
Forvo is an international project which has set itself an unattainable goal and therefore always achieves opposite results.
Forward passes are illegal in rugby.
Forward this to everyone you know.
Forward!
Forwards always, backwards never.
Forwards! Without stopping without fearing!
Fossett once said that he was most proud of being the first person to fly around the world alone in a hot-air balloon. In nineteen ninety-five he had some practice when he became the first person to fly alone in a hot-air balloon across the Pacific Ocean. To make a trip around the world alone, it was necessary to have an improved autopilot device.
Fossett successfully made the trip in two thousand two. The trip started and ended in Australia. He travelled more than thirty-three thousand kilometers for more than fourteen days. He only slept about three hours a day. Much of his flight took place at an altitude of more than eight thousand meters, so he had to breathe air from a liquid oxygen system. On this flight, Fossett set other records including a speed record of three hundred twenty-two kilometers per hour. One main problem with earlier balloon flights was the threat of dangerous storms. A team of weather experts e-mailed and talked to Fossett by satellite telephone to help him avoid such weather.
Fossil fuel prices shot through the roof.
Fossil fuels are abundant in that vast continent.
Fossil fuels are being depleted.
Fossil fuels are the main causes of global warming.
Fossil fuels won't be available forever.
Fossil fuels won’t be available forever.
Fossil of plants, invertebrates, vertebrates, and trace fossils have been identified in Yellowstone National Park from more than 40 stratigraphic units spanning more than 540 million years from the Cambrian to the Cenozoic eras.
Fossil tourism alone won’t save the town, he said, but it would help.
Fossilization is the result of the compression of organisms by the earth during a lot of time.
Fossils are a non-renewable resource.
Fossils are fun.
Fossils have shown that Australia had a diverse range of dinosaurs that lived from about 65 million to 250 million years ago.
Foster a positive work environment through teamwork.
Foster positive relationships with those around you.
Fostering an inclusive mindset is important.
Foul is his beard, his hair is stiff with gore, / and fresh the wounds, those many wounds, remain, / which erst around his native walls he bore.
Found anything interesting?
Found him, he is over there.
Found in the water column above the reef, this is usually one of the first species a diver or snorkeller will see upon entering the water.
Found it, it's over there.
Foundational language models are usually trained on large-scale scrapes of the internet.
Foundational to the ideology of Hamas is the notion that the land of the Indigenous Jews and Samaritans was granted to the Arab-Muslim colonizers by God, and that to give any part of it back is to deny Islam.
Foundations are important.
Foundations maintain the structure of the building.
Founded by the Paris logician Couturat with help from the Esperantists, it collected signatures from numerous groups approving the idea of an auxiliary language.
Founded in 1830, Delmonico’s invented lobster Newberg and baked Alaska, and continues to serve those and other dishes at its New York City location.
Founded in 1902, the Bureau of Reclamation planned and built the water projects that made it possible for people to settle the desert Southwest.
Founding your life on illusions is like building a house on a swamp.
Fountains are fun.
Four Canadian provinces permit 18-year-olds to buy and smoke tobacco products; the remaining provinces, as well as the three territories, have set the minimum age to 19.
Four Colombians were imprisoned in São Paulo.
Four SWAT members positioned themselves on the rooftop.
Four U.S. states have made it illegal to provide medically necessary and standard care for trans children.
Four aces is a tough hand to beat.
Four and five equal nine.
Four armed men held up the bank and escaped with $4 million.
Four army helicopter emerged from behind the hill.
Four babies are born every second around the world.
Four billion years ago, the Moon was three times closer to Earth than it is today.
Four boys amused themselves playing cards.
Four boys are making their way along the street.
Four brave military dogs were awarded the K-9 Medal of Courage for their bravery and service.
Four chemical elements — yttrium, erbium, terbium, and ytterbium, are named after the village of Ytterby in Sweden, near which they had been first found in the mineral gadolinite.
Four children are in a race. Mary is 2 metres ahead of Tom. John is 5 metres behind Alice. Tom is 3 metres behind Alice. Write the names of the runners in order, starting with the child who is furthest ahead.
Four civilians have died.
Four columns will be enough for the construction of the wall.
Four companies bid for the tender.
Four cops showed up at Ziri's house.
Four crore people are using internet in Bangladesh.
Four days after the concert his ears were still ringing.
Four days had passed.
Four days later, Yanni was dead.
Four divided by four is one.
Four drawers can be found in my desk.
Four eyes are better than two.
Four eyes see more than two.
Four factors of success are land, labour, capital and organization.
Four families died in the fire.
Four families lost their lives in the fire.
Four families were killed in the fire.
Four fifths of French were frankly illiterate towards 1685.
Four fish were caught.
Four guards rushed towards Ziri.
Four horses roam the pasture.
Four hours have already passed.
Four hundred and fifty-six (456) is a three-digit number.
Four hundred and sixteen Chinese Olympic athletes are in Rio.
Four hundred and twenty thousand Chileans are regular users of online dating sites.
Four hundred fifty black pilots were in the group.
Four hundred million people speak English as their first language.
Four ideas were proposed.
Four is an unlucky number in China and in Japan.
Four is an unlucky number in Japan.
Four is an unlucky number in Japanese.
Four is my favourite number.
Four kids are enough.
Four legs good, two legs bad.
Four leopard cubs, a bear cub, a monkey, and a red-cheeked gibbon were found sedated and packed into small cages.
Four men are on a raft.
Four men are singing.
Four men chased after Ziri.
Four men kidnapped Ziri.
Four men on horseback surrounded Damiano.
Four men were arrested and are currently being deported to their home countries.
Four metres of this material cost nine francs; therefore, two metres cost four and a half francs.
Four miles is a good distance.
Four miles is a massive distance.
Four minutes passed and James was nowhere to be seen.
Four months flew by.
Four months later, Tom emerged from his self imposed hibernation.
Four more are needed to make fifty.
Four more chairs should be enough.
Four multiplied by two is eight.
Four o'clock is fine.
Four of Ziri's heathers died.
Four of a kind.
Four of my family members have converted to Islam.
Four of my favorite Christmas carols are "Silent Night," "Joy to the World," "The First Noel" and "Away in the Manger."
Four of the seven planets orbiting the nearby star Trappist-1 might contain large quantities of water.
Four of them are Algerian.
Four of them are Muslim.
Four of us live in this house.
Four of us participated from Bangladesh.
Four or five pens in one's shirt pocket is a dead giveaway for a nerd.
Four or five pens in one’s shirt pocket is a dead giveaway for a nerd.
Four other teens were with Ziri.
Four out of every five mass shooters have not been diagnosed with any mental illness.
Four people did not survive the accident.
Four people lost their lives in the accident.
Four people stood in the boat, looking in our direction.
Four people were in the car when the accident happened.
Four people were killed and seven were in a critical condition.
Four people were reported to the law.
Four per cent inflation is forecast for this year.
Four percent inflation is forecast for this year.
Four persons did not survive the accident.
Four persons have died in the accident.
Four plus eighteen is twenty-two.
Four plus five equals nine.
Four plus five is nine.
Four plus four equals eight.
Four plus four is eight.
Four plus four make eight.
Four plus sixteen equals twenty.
Four plus three is seven.
Four points need to be made.
Four quarters make one.
Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent a new nation, conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
Four slaves are carrying the master and two sacks from the city to the estate.
Four soldiers and twelve civilians were killed.
Four states voted for Aaron Burr.
Four surgeons worked on Layla's injuries.
Four surgeons worked on Tom's injuries.
Four thousand people were killed, mostly Muslims.
Four thousand sentences may be translated in one year by a Klingon speaking man.
Four thousand throats may be cut in one night by a running man.
Four times five is 20.
Four times five is twenty.
Four times three equals twelve.
Four times two equals eight.
Four times two is eight.
Four times two makes eight.
Four trees in the backyard were split in two.
Four weeks later, Yanni moved in with Skura.
Four weeks later, stool samples were collected from a random sample of 1,284 youngsters to test for the presence of schistosome eggs. Researchers report in the journal PLOS Medicine that children who ate something before getting the medicine had half as many eggs in their stool as those at non-snack schools.
Four weeks passed away, and Jane saw nothing of him.
Four workers were rescued from an oil rig.
Four years ago he left Algeria to study in Germany.
Four years from now, you'll have no competition.
Four years later it was stormed by the Aragonese, King Alfonso the Battler being the third to enter the fortress.
Four years later, Yanni and Skura were married.
Four years later, the case went cold.
Four years passed like that before everything changed.
Four-bar linkages are used in a huge variety of applications, from car suspensions to folding chairs.
Four-dimensional space is confusing.
Four-fifths of all the members were against the plan.
Four-year-old Sam begrudgingly ate his broccoli with a grimace on his face.
Fourteen billion years ago, the universe was a compressed ball of fire.
Fourteen mice were lost when the Jupiter rocket they were aboard was destroyed after launch from Cape Canaveral on September 16, 1959.
Fourteen months after the marriage, baby Yanni joined Ziri and Skura's blended family.
Fourteen months after the marriage, baby Yanni joined Ziri and Skura's extended family.
Fourteen months after the marriage, baby Yanni joined Ziri and Skura's family.
Fourteen months after the marriage, baby Yanni joined Ziri and Skura's mixed family.
Fourteen passengers are squeezed into the back of the truck.
Fourteen people live here.
Fourteen plus forty-one is fifty-five. Fifteen plus fifty-one is sixty-six.
Fourteen silly-looking clowns waltzed together in the park eliciting laughter as they pirouetted.
Fourteen smaller buildings were scattered throughout the camp.
Fourteen thousand years ago, camels, mastodons and giant armadillo-like animals called Glyptodons, to name a few, lived in the area in abundance, but went extinct 10,000 to 11,000 years ago.
Fourteen years ago, Shih journeyed here for the Cliburn competition for young pianists, but he didn't get far.
Fourth draw in the ninth game of the 2023 FIDE World Chess Championship. Now: Ian Nepomniachtchi 5, Ding Liren 4.
Fourth, my homeroom class in Japan included students of a wide range of abilities.
Fourth-seed Amelie Mauesmo also advanced to the quarterfinals, where she will face 32nd-seed Fabiola Zuluaga, the first Colombian woman to reach the round of eight in a Grand Slam event.
Fourth-seeded Agassi avenged his 2002 second-round Wimbledon loss to 13th-seed Paradorn Srichaphan in a straight-sets (7-6, 6-3, 6-4) victory. Agassi next goes up against ninth-seed Sebastien Grosjean of France.
Fourthly, my first three points do not exist.
Fowler has visited 48 states, with Hawaii and Alaska to go.
Fowler rode a donkey all the way to the bottom of the Grand Canyon.
Fox News is the most mainstream cable news source in America.
Fox missed a chance to be a movie star.
Foxes and the wolves are competitors.
Foxes are moderately quiet animals.
Foxes are my favorite animal.
Foxes are so adorable!
Foxes are so cute!
Foxes are wild and wary animals.
Foxes are wild animals.
Foxes don't fall into the same trap twice.
Foxes eat chicken, but they prefer to dine upon roast beef.
Foxes eat chickens.
Foxes eat hens.
Foxes have few natural predators.
Foxes have long tails and pointed ears.
Foxes know more from age, than from being a fox.
Foxes scare me.
Foxes, squirrels, hedgehogs, and many other small animals live in this forest.
Fracking is a type of geo-engineering to get oil out of shale.
Fracking is the controversial process in which water or other fluids are injected into underground rocks at high pressure to release oil and natural gas deposits.
Fractions are fun.
Fractions are kind of hard to understand.
Fractions are no big deal.
Fractions aren't as hard as I thought.
Fractions with a denominator of 1 are equivalent to the numerator.
Fragments of the mirror were scattered on the floor.
Fragrant rosemary adorned the herb garden.
Frailty, thy name is woman!
France aided the Thirteen Colonies for independence.
France and Algeria need each other.
France and Britain joined the invasion.
France and Britain were at war once again.
France and China are Algeria's biggest trading partners.
France and Italy are in Europe.
France and Italy are very beautiful countries.
France and Spain have a common border.
France announced new restrictions to contain the virus.
France attacked Algeria in 1830.
France began colonizing Algeria in 1830.
France began to pillage Algeria in 1830.
France borders Belgium.
France borders Italy.
France borders Spain.
France can't be matched for good wine.
France can’t be matched for good wine.
France captured Algiers in 1830.
France ceded possession to Great Britain in 1763, which colonized the island in 1805.
France collaborated during the war.
France collaborated.
France colonized Morocco.
France continues to have a military presence in Africa.
France couldn't overwhelm Algerian independence fighters with its firepower.
France counts 451 political parties.
France didn't construct schools for Algerians.
France doesn't exist.
France gave the United States the statue of "Liberty Enlightening the World".
France had a profound economic impact on Algeria.
France had many colonies in Africa.
France had signed a secret treaty with Spain.
France has a border with Italy.
France has a common border with Italy.
France has a higher birthrate than most of Europe.
France has a robust public transit network.
France has a white flag.
France has banned a strain of genetically modified maize.
France has become his second fatherland.
France has become his second home.
France has called on domestic workers who have been laid off to help farmers pick fruit and vegetables.
France has given up the franc. Germany has given up the deutschmark. And other euro members have given up their longtime currencies, the lira, the peseta, the drachma and many others.
France has lost its beef.
France has many factories on Algerian soil.
France has many immigrants from Algeria.
France have won the World Cup.
France hosted and won the World Cup of 1998.
France invaded Algeria and slaughtered its people.
France invaded Algeria in 1830, and the country remained a French colony until gaining independence in 1962 after a bloody war of independence.
France invaded Algeria in 1830.
France invaded Algeria in the 19th century.
France invaded Algeria.
France invaded and occupied Algeria in 1830.
France is Europe's most fertile country.
France is a Catholic country.
France is a Western European country.
France is a beautiful country.
France is a country in Europe.
France is a country in west Europe.
France is a dogma.
France is a fiercely secular state.
France is a hyper-centralized country.
France is a republic.
France is a small nation.
France is a very beautiful country.
France is a very important commercial partner to Algeria.
France is a vibrant democracy.
France is a wonderful country.
France is adjacent to Spain.
France is afraid of Russia.
France is and remains our neighbour. But the same is true the other way round.
France is archipelagic.
France is attractive for Algeria's ill-gotten money.
France is beautiful!
France is called "France" in French.
France is culturally Catholic.
France is famous for its wine.
France is going to steamroll Cristiano Ronaldo and Portugal.
France is home to the world's third largest Jewish population, composed primarily of those ethnically cleansed from North Africa.
France is in Western Europe.
France is in a civil war today.
France is in western Europe.
France is intervening in battles between government troops and rebels in Mali.
France is known for its ornate architecture.
France is losing ground in Africa.
France is magnificent.
France is mourning the death of its former president Valéry Giscard d’Estaing, as a result of contracting the COVID-19 virus.
France is my country.
France is my second country.
France is not a theme park.
France is not an amusement park.
France is not the first country to look at the non-material aspects of progress. The Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan emphasizes a concept it calls 'gross national happiness,' rather than GDP. Bhutan's main research center collects a wide variety of data to measure this, including things like psychological well being, good governance, ecological diversity and living standards.
France is on its knees.
France is opening itself up little by little to another public debate, concerning free energy.
France is planning to allow ski resorts to operate but without the use of lifts or cable cars.
France is recognized through its flavors.
France is running a welfare state it can no longer afford.
France is scared.
France is separated from Italy by the Alps.
France is separated from Spain by the Pyrenees.
France is shaped like a hexagon.
France is still exploiting Nigeria.
France is still one of the largest investors in Algeria.
France is strongly committed to the European Union.
France is subdivided into regions.
France is the best country.
France is the country par excellence.
France is the largest country in Western Europe.
France is the most visited country in the world.
France is the most-visited country in the world.
France is the winner of the 1998 World Cup.
France is the world champion! Way to go, France!
France is the world champion.
France is to the south of England.
France is training eagles to intercept drones.
France is where he spent a large part of his life.
France isn't Paris.
France isn't keen on Montenegro joining the EU.
France joins a growing European effort to woo Chinese investment and trade.
France killed 45,000 Algerians in 1945.
France left Algeria in 1962.
France looks like a hexagon.
France lost the war.
France maintains its military presence in Africa.
France marked Bastille Day Saturday with its traditional display of military might — a veritable assault of troops, helicopters, fighter planes taking over the skies and the famous Champs Elysees avenue of Paris.
France massacred the people of Algeria.
France needs to apologize to Algeria to restore Algiers' confidence.
France needs to declassify colonial records related to Algeria.
France never actually left Africa.
France never left Africa.
France occupied Algeria between 1830 and 1962.
France occupied Algiers in 1830.
France occupied northern Algeria between the 1830s and 1850s.
France pushed its colonial efforts further into Algeria.
France refused to send troops to Iraq.
France repurchased the island in 1877 and took control the following year.
France resembles a hexagon.
France ruled Algeria for over a hundred years.
France ruled and exploited Algeria for 132 years.
France seems to be swinging left - Britain to the right.
France sent troops to Mali to counter the Islamists.
France shares a border with Italy.
France shares a border with Spain.
France should be full.
France stole Algerian archives.
France supports you.
France surpasses all other countries.
France surrenders once again.
France used to have many colonies in Africa.
France used to invest heavily in Algeria.
France was at war with Russia.
France was in a war with Russia.
France was kicked out of Algeria.
France wasn't interested in educating indigenous Algerians.
France wasn't the first foreign power to hold sway of Algeria.
France will be withdrawing from Mali.
France will disappear.
France won the World Cup in soccer in 1998.
France's Antoine Griezmann was named as the player of the tournament.
France's birth rate is declining.
France's currency was the franc, and its symbol was ₣. While it is no longer used in France, francs are still in use in some former French colonies such as Guinea.
France's defense budget is getting a sizeable boost that will meet NATO's two percent spending commitment by 2025— and reverse a decade of budget cuts.
France's public finances have historically been strained by high spending and low growth.
France's real GDP grew by 1.9% in 2017, up from 1.2% the year before.
France, Austria and Russia formed an alliance against Prussia.
France, Belgium, USA, Germany and Australia had committed genocides.
France, China, Spain, Italy, Germany, Turkey, and the UK are Algeria's main economic partners.
France, Comoros's colonial power, remains a key trading partner and bilateral donor.
France, I love you!
France, I'm leaving you. I like you more as an ideal than as a fatherland.
France, love it or leave it.
Frances comes from France. She's French.
Frances, is this yours?
Francesca has a fuller figure than many of the other models at the agency.
Francesca helps Paolo.
Francesco comes from Italy. He's Italian.
Francesco's pen is much better than mine.
France’s agricultural minister is calling it the biggest agricultural catastrophe of this century.
France’s currency was the franc, and its symbol was â‚£. While it is no longer used in France, francs are still in use in some former French colonies such as Guinea.
Franchising is our next step.
Francine and I loved each other very much.
Francis Bacon coined the term "electricity."
Francis Collins describes the genome as the "book of life".
Francis Crick was one of the discoverers of DNA's structure.
Francis Galton was Charles Darwin's half-cousin.
Francis Suarez, the mayor of Miami, tested positive for COVID-19.
Francis Wilson’s first thoughts as he opened his eyes were, “I’m alive?”
Francis arrived at Galeao at six.
Francis expressed gratitude and affection toward the doctors and nurses who work to exhaustion and not infrequently at the expense of their own health.
Francis lives in the Vatican. Many priests also live in that city.
Francis said believers should aid those suffering on life's margins, saying Jesus is present in those people.
Francis said the risk is that of avoiding dialogue, and that the complex crisis of the world pandemic will lead to taking of shortcuts rather than the longer paths of dialogue, which, he stressed, are the way to the resolution of conflicts and lasting benefits for all.
Francis spoke of the three traits that characterized John Paul II most: "prayer, closeness to the people and love for justice."
Francis stopped to pray at the Rome Basilica of Santa Maria Maggiore before returning to the Vatican. Francis normally does this at the end of each foreign trip to give thanks to the Madonna.
Francis, a Métis barista at the cafe on Lulu Island, said, "Machines are taking over! Machines are taking over!"
Francis, is this yours?
Francisco is a spoiled boy. He always expects things to be done how he wants it, when he wants it.
Francisco is donating blood in that room.
Francisk Skorina from Polotsk is the first book printer in Eastern Europe. In 1517, he brought printing technology to Belarusans, Ukrainians and Russians.
Francium is a chemical element of the symbol Fr.
Francium's atomic number is 87.
Franco has blue jeans.
Franco's forces took control in Spain.
Franco's remains should've been given the ol' Mussolini treatment.
Francois, is this yours?
Franco’s forces took control in Spain.
Frank Herbert's novel The Jesus Incident has fascinated me for a long time. A spacecraft is so intelligent that it is like a god to its human crew. They arrive at the hostile water planet Pandora, so that they could colonize the scarce islands on it.
Frank Lampard passed the ball to Beckham. Beckham kicked the ball and scored!
Frank Lloyd Wright designed Taliesen, his home and studio in Wisconsin, to allow the sun to shine into every room sometime during the day.
Frank Lloyd Wright is arguably America’s best known architect.
Frank Lloyd Wright pioneered housing features — such as low horizontal lines and open floor plans — that can still be found in suburban America today.
Frank Lloyd Wright was one of America's most famous architects.
Frank Messing owns a farm in Eltville, Germany.
Frank Sinatra was an American singer.
Frank Whittle, a British pilot, designed and patented the first turbo jet engine in 1930.
Frank Zappa was an American musician.
Frank can't have been ill. He was playing tennis all day.
Frank can’t have been ill. He was playing tennis all day.
Frank eats some cheese.
Frank had a reputation as a bad boy but he lived it down as he grew up.
Frank left a message by means of a secret code.
Frank majored in sociology at university.
Frank was a close Chinese friend from an obscure topolect. We went together to Mexico. He was a coworker at a big North American software firm. He was an avid ice hockey player, as was my university friend Steve, who was also Chinese.
Frank was waiting with pleasure for the date in the evening.
Frank's boss is extremely money hungry.
Frank, what's happened to you?
Frankenstein is a work of art.
Frankenstein was written by Mary Shelley.
Frankenstein's monster's name was Adam.
Frankfurters were first sold in the United States in the 1860s.
Frankie blamed his own blackness for his school problems. His real issue was that so did his teachers.
Frankie parceled out soup for each of the homeless men.
Frankism died out centuries ago.
Frankism seemingly drew influence from Gnosticism.
Franklin Chang-Díaz received a BS degree in mechanical engineering in 1973. He went on to earn a Ph.D. in applied plasma physics in 1977.
Franklin Foer is a soccer enthusiast who has written a book about the spread of soccer fandom around the world.
Franklin Roosevelt became president in 1933.
Franklin Roosevelt was born to a rich and important New York family.
Franklin arrived in the United States in 1968. He could not speak English and had only fifty dollars in his pocket.
Franklin convinces France to help Americans.
Franklin created an ecological stove.
Franklin was extremely well-versed in botany, geology, and astronomy, and he developed several insightful hypotheses regarding world weather patterns, climate change, tornado formation, and the relationship between winds and the Earth's rotation.
Franklin was known for his common sense.
Franklin went to school and studied very hard. By the end of the first year, he had earned a full college scholarship.
Franklin writes articles for his brothers' newspaper under another name.
Franklin's ideas formed the basis of the University of Pennsylvania.
Franklin, who calls himself an "inveterate optimist," admits to giving some thought to the legacy of his own long and fruitful life.
Frankly I am hungry.
Frankly speaking, I actually wanted to stay at home, instead of going out.
Frankly speaking, I don't agree with you.
Frankly speaking, I don't care for her very much.
Frankly speaking, I don't even know what that word means.
Frankly speaking, I don't like Tom very much.
Frankly speaking, I don't like her.
Frankly speaking, I don't like him.
Frankly speaking, I don't like the idea.
Frankly speaking, I don't like you.
Frankly speaking, I don't like your haircut.
Frankly speaking, I don't like your idea.
Frankly speaking, I don't think you have what it takes to become a teacher.
Frankly speaking, I don't want to go with you.
Frankly speaking, I don't want to work with him.
Frankly speaking, I don’t agree with you.
Frankly speaking, I don’t care for her very much.
Frankly speaking, I don’t like her.
Frankly speaking, I don’t like you.
Frankly speaking, I don’t like your haircut.
Frankly speaking, I don’t want to go with you.
Frankly speaking, I don’t want to work with him.
Frankly speaking, I hate him.
Frankly speaking, I think Tom is a good boss.
Frankly speaking, I think he's a good boss.
Frankly speaking, Tom's speeches are always boring.
Frankly speaking, he is an unreliable man.
Frankly speaking, he is more of a hypocrite than a patriot.
Frankly speaking, he is untrustworthy.
Frankly speaking, he is wrong.
Frankly speaking, he was quite shy.
Frankly speaking, he's wrong.
Frankly speaking, his new novel is not very interesting.
Frankly speaking, his speeches are always dull.
Frankly speaking, in that GP Vettel was driving like a rookie.
Frankly speaking, it doesn't suit you.
Frankly speaking, it doesn’t suit you.
Frankly speaking, it was difficult for me to make out what he was saying.
Frankly speaking, it's difficult to understand why you want to go.
Frankly speaking, it’s difficult to understand why you want to go.
Frankly speaking, this 'on board' means "doesn't have a graphics card".
Frankly speaking, this novel isn't very interesting.
Frankly speaking, this novel isn’t very interesting.
Frankly speaking, this ’on board’ means "doesn’t have a graphics card".
Frankly speaking, you are in the wrong.
Frankly speaking, you haven't tried your best.
Frankly speaking, you haven’t tried your best.
Frankly speaking, you made a mistake.
Frankly speaking, your way of thinking is out of date.
Frankly, I could give a rat's ass. It isn't my problem.
Frankly, I couldn't care less if he's mad at me.
Frankly, I didn't have the confidence to ask Mary to have lunch with me.
Frankly, I didn’t have the confidence to ask Mary to have lunch with me.
Frankly, I do not want these.
Frankly, I don't care.
Frankly, I don't like him.
Frankly, I don't like it.
Frankly, I don't like that man.
Frankly, I don't like what you're wearing.
Frankly, I don't like your idea.
Frankly, I don't think so.
Frankly, I don’t like him.
Frankly, I don’t like that man.
Frankly, I doubt it.
Frankly, I find that hard to believe.
Frankly, I have no idea what's going on here.
Frankly, I think this conspiracy theory is ridiculous.
Frankly, I'm curious myself.
Frankly, I'm not overly concerned.
Frankly, I'm not sure it really happened myself.
Frankly, I'm not that impressed with his idea.
Frankly, I'm sick of hearing that.
Frankly, I'm surprised.
Frankly, Tom didn't try hard enough.
Frankly, Tom is a bit dim.
Frankly, Tom isn't doing so well.
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn!
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn.
Frankly, my dear, I don’t give a damn.
Frankly, no one really stands out.
Frankly, these parasites had it coming.
Frankly, we could use your help.
Frankly, you're an embarrassment to Algeria.
Franko has navy blue jeans.
Frank’s boss is extremely money hungry.
Frantically, Anna jumped out of her chair and backed away from the bumblebee.
Frantically, Tom looked around the room.
Franz Kafka said, in "The Lost Time" (or perhaps, orally, Woody Allen): "Eternity is long ... especially around the end."
Franz Liszt created the concept of the "symphonic poem". This is a composition for orchestra that uses music to describe nonmusical content. This could include, for example, people, legendary figures, landscapes, or paintings.
Franz Xaver Süssmayr, an Austrian composer, is best known for having completed Mozart's unfinished Requiem in D minor.
Franz boned the fish fillets, then sautÃ©ed them in butter, garlic, and lemon juice.
Franz boned the fish fillets, then sautéed them in butter, garlic, and lemon juice.
FranÃ§ois gave a speech.
François Gabart has broken the record of the world tour alone.
François Hollande is not from Holland. He's the French president.
François gave a speech.
François has a good idea.
François, is this yours?
François-André Danican Philidor (07.09.1726 - 31.08.1795) was one of the most distinguished chess players the world has ever seen.
Françoise comes from France. She is French.
Frappé is described as "plain", "medium" or "sweet" according to the proportions of its ingredients.
Fraternity is like the truth. Where is it?
Fraternity transcends borders, languages, and differences, uniting individuals through a solidarity that challenges hardships.
Fraternizing with the enemy isn't a good idea.
Fratricide is a fancy word for killing your brother or sister.
Fraud and deceit abound in these days more than in former times.
Frayed electrical cables can be very dangerous.
Freaks are normally shunned from society.
Freckles are caused by exposure to sunlight.
Freckles are caused by the accumulation of melanocytes in a small area.
Fred Bloggs is the biggest corrector on Tatoeba.
Fred and George took turns with the driving.
Fred followed my mom everywhere.
Fred followed my mother wherever she went.
Fred grew up to be a surgeon.
Fred had his little brother paint the fence.
Fred has very little patience, and it doesn't take much to make him fly off the handle.
Fred has very little patience, and it doesn’t take much to make him fly off the handle.
Fred is a lazy fellow.
Fred is always telling lies.
Fred is flying to Europa on Monday.
Fred is going to Europe on Monday.
Fred is your new helper.
Fred kicked a ball.
Fred left his wife a large fortune.
Fred looked after the child who had no parents until that child graduated from college.
Fred often comes late for class.
Fred saw the mountains flying over Zurich.
Fred saw the plane flying over Zurich.
Fred spent all day looking for a job.
Fred squirted Billy with the garden hose.
Fred told his wife about the goals that he wanted to accomplish.
Fred took a liking to Jane and started dating her.
Fred took a liking to Jane and they started seeing each other.
Fred tried to get to the door, but the table was in the way.
Fred turned his garage into a carpenter's workshop.
Fred was thrilled to buy the car.
Fred was very troubled by his wife's nagging.
Fred was very troubled by his wife’s nagging.
Fred went so far as to say that he had hated me.
Fred wrote his mother a long letter.
Fred's agitation has now subsided, and he's sleeping peacefully.
Fred's house has five rooms.
Fred, a big Chinese fellow, was a friend in my old neighbourhood in Vancouver, BC. He was a man of science. We often had heated discussions about sundry topics.
Fred, behave, and I'm not joking, either.
Fred, behave, and I’m not joking, either.
Freddy Krueger, one of the creepiest and most memorable villains from modern American horror films, is back on screen in a new and more grisly version of his tragic story in the 're-boot' of "A Nightmare on Elm Street".
Freddy's been working the graveyard shift the past month, so he hasn't been able to see any of his friends who work normal hours.
Freddy’s been working the graveyard shift the past month, so he hasn’t been able to see any of his friends who work normal hours.
Frederic Chopin wrote his first composition when he was seven years old.
Frederic François Chopin was born in Poland.
Frederick III was emperor of Germany for only ninety-nine days. He died of cancer of the larynx from constant smoking. Thus, tobacco influenced German history.
Frederick the Great introduced the potato to Prussia.
Fred’s agitation has now subsided, and he’s sleeping peacefully.
Fred’s house has five rooms.
Free Admission.
Free Bolivia!
Free Britney!
Free Brittany!
Free Catalonia!
Free Caucasus!
Free Cornwall!
Free Derry was a no-go area in Ireland.
Free East Turkestan!
Free Greta!
Free Hawaii!
Free Iran!
Free Israel!
Free Kabylia!
Free Kurdistan!
Free Occitania!
Free Palestine!
Free Palestine.
Free Rojava!
Free Scotland!
Free Tibet!
Free Turtle Island!
Free Ukraine!
Free Wales!
Free advice isn't always good advice.
Free advice isn’t always good advice.
Free as in freedom, not as in free beer.
Free cheese can only be found inside a trap.
Free cheese is likely to be bait.
Free children!
Free democracy now!
Free entry.
Free estimate for Spanish translations (Jp to S and S to Jp).
Free flow of information is the only safeguard against tyranny.
Free her.
Free him.
Free it.
Free lollipops are a fringe benefit for children that visit Dr. Smith's clinic.
Free man, always you will cherish the sea.
Free me.
Free money always comes at a price.
Free parking will be available.
Free refreshments will be available.
Free refreshments will be provided.
Free refreshments will be served.
Free snacks will be provided.
Free speech cannot be the privilege of a few.
Free speech doesn't mean you're allowed to yell "Fire!" in a crowded theatre.
Free speech is for everybody, with no exceptions.
Free speech is healthy.
Free speech is not freedom from social consequences.
Free speech is still dangerous in some countries.
Free speech is what keeps our society transparent.
Free speech matters.
Free speech must also apply to those with whose opinions you disagree.
Free stuff is great.
Free the animals from the cage.
Free the animals from their cage.
Free the animals from their cages.
Free the children!
Free the police dogs!
Free the republic!
Free the slaves!
Free the whales!
Free them.
Free things always hurt.
Free time is at a premium for working parents.
Free time is the best of goods.
Free time is the time that someone can dispose of freely.
Free transportation will be provided, but you are expected to pay for your own food and drinks.
Free verse gives the writer great freedom.
Free will is a fairy tale.
Free your mind from all the useless thoughts.
Free your soul.
Free yourself from prejudice.
Free yourself from sadness, annoyance and fear!
Free yourself of sadness, misery and fear!
Free yourself of sadness, vexation, and fear!
Free yourself of unwarranted hesitation.
Freedom Day ushered in an end to all social restrictions in Britain, like mask wearing and maintaining social distancing, which were imposed to fight the spread of COVID-19.
Freedom Oh yes freedom from everything. From the memories that possess us. From the guts that know what they know. Because of these wounds that chain us to the pit, and the shouts of wings that shatter us.
Freedom and choice are important to us.
Freedom and responsibility go hand in hand.
Freedom and slavery are concepts manufactured by the human mind.
Freedom begins where ignorance ends.
Freedom brings forgiveness with it.
Freedom can never be secure if people don't fight for it.
Freedom comes with certain responsibilities.
Freedom demands initiative, courage, the need to decide what life must mean to oneself.
Freedom does not mean doing what you want, rather not doing what you don't want to do.
Freedom for Israel!
Freedom for Palestine!
Freedom for Uyghurs.
Freedom for our children as they are.
Freedom for our children without exception.
Freedom for the Kabyle language
Freedom from hunger is a must for all.
Freedom has a cost.
Freedom has always existed: sometimes as the privilege of some, at other times as the right of all.
Freedom has immense value.
Freedom in need is much better than a poor marriage, since it is the horizon that we aim for head-on that can offer us the basic pillars of hope.
Freedom involves making wise choices.
Freedom is a fundamental human right.
Freedom is a human right.
Freedom is a new faith, the faith of our time.
Freedom is a new religion, the religion of our time.
Freedom is a state of mind.
Freedom is akin to the rarified air of a mountain top. Weak men cannot bear one or the other.
Freedom is always the freedom of dissenters.
Freedom is always the freedom of the dissenter.
Freedom is always the freedom of the one who thinks differently.
Freedom is always the freedom of those who think differently.
Freedom is happiness.
Freedom is invaluable.
Freedom is just so precious.
Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction.
Freedom is not free.
Freedom is nothing when everyone is free.
Freedom is only where power is.
Freedom is ours!
Freedom is precious.
Freedom is priceless.
Freedom is so fundamental that its importance cannot be overemphasized.
Freedom is something you have to fight for, rather than something you're given.
Freedom is the breath of life.
Freedom is the center of American democracy.
Freedom is the core of all human progress. It believes that nothing's given to us, but if you're willing to work hard. If you're willing to compete, the American dream is there for you.
Freedom is the essence of mathematics.
Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four. If that is granted, all else follows.
Freedom is the right to tell others what they don't want to hear.
Freedom is the very essence of our democracy.
Freedom is useless unless you use it.
Freedom is usually equated with doing whatever you like.
Freedom is very, very important.
Freedom is what we're fighting for.
Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
Freedom isn't free.
Freedom isn't something that's just given to you. You have to fight for it and seize it yourself.
Freedom lies in simplicity.
Freedom might be the price for victory.
Freedom of assembly is a fundamental human right.
Freedom of expression is guaranteed in Europe.
Freedom of expression is often the first victim of a dictatorship.
Freedom of expression is the enemy of extremists.
Freedom of expression matters.
Freedom of religion should always be thought of as freedom from religion.
Freedom of sexuality is a necessary human right.
Freedom of speech benefits society in numerous ways.
Freedom of speech doesn't exist in the U.S., as there are laws making it legal to run down protesters with your car.
Freedom of speech doesn't justify everything.
Freedom of speech is a precious commodity.
Freedom of speech is at risk.
Freedom of speech is being restricted in some countries.
Freedom of speech is especially important to broadcasters.
Freedom of speech is limited in Algeria.
Freedom of speech is now taken as a matter of course.
Freedom of speech is restricted in some countries.
Freedom of speech is taken as a matter of course.
Freedom of speech is the cornerstone of democracy.
Freedom of speech was restricted in this country.
Freedom of speech was tightly restricted.
Freedom of the press is one of the telltale signs of a free and democratic country.
Freedom of thought is guaranteed by the constitution.
Freedom or death!
Freedom or death.
Freedom that is used only to deny freedom must be denied.
Freedom weighs more than silver and gold.
Freedom--especially the freedom of association--encourages small bands of zealots to public outrage. The price is high, but the bargain is good.
Freedom. On my school notebooks. On my school desk and the trees. On the sand of the snow. I write your name.
Freedoms are highly restricted in Morocco.
Freeganism is a total boycott of an economic system where the profit motive has eclipsed ethical considerations and where massively complex systems of productions ensure that all the products we buy will have detrimental impacts most of which we may never even consider.
Freegans are people who employ alternative strategies for living based on limited participation in the conventional economy and minimal consumption of resources.
Freegans embrace community, generosity, social concern, freedom, cooperation, and sharing in opposition to a society based on materialism, moral apathy, competition, conformity, and greed.
Freegans employ a range of strategies for practical living based on our principles; these include waste reclamation, waste minimization, eco-friendly transportation, rent-free housing, going green and working less.
Freemasonry is a belief in a higher power.
Freethinkers can sleep in on Sundays.
Freetown is the capital of Sierra Leone.
Freewriting is a good activity if you have writer's block.
Freeze it.
Freeze right there!
Freeze the leftover soup.
Freeze!
Freeze! One more step and you're dead meat.
Freeze, hands up!
Freeze-frame!
Freezing rain is a rather rare meteorological phenomenon.
Freezing your backside off is no great sacrifice when it comes to advancing the cause of democracy.
Freiburg is north of Basel.
Fremont and Sutter lived in California.
Frempong Emmanuel Okyere has been made president of the Kwahuman Scholars Association.
French Culture Minister Roselyne Bachelot says the dictionary is not just for France’s 67 million citizens, but for the 300 million French speakers worldwide.
French Dahomey achieved independence in 1960 and changed its name to the Republic of Benin in 1975.
French President Emmanuel Macron delivers a speech before a lunch at the Elysee Palace, during commemorations for Armistice Day, 100 years after the end of World War One, in Paris, France, Nov. 11, 2018.
French President Emmanuel Macron folded his palms in the traditional Indian manner and bowed slightly while greeting Spain’s King Felipe and Queen Letizia at the Elysee Palace in Paris earlier this week.
French President Emmanuel Macron laid a wreath Thursday at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Paris to commemorate Armistice Day, while visiting U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris observed the ceremony at the Arc de Triomphe.
French President Emmanuel Macron lights up with children the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier under the Arc de Triomphe during ceremonies, Nov. 11, 2018 in Paris.
French President Emmanuel Macron pays his respects by the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier during a commemoration ceremony for Armistice Day, 100 years after the end of the World War I, at the Arc de Triomphe, in Paris, Nov. 11, 2018.
French President Emmanuel Macron pledged Friday to help provide South Africa and other African countries with vaccine doses.
French President Emmanuel Macron, at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier under the arch, lit the eternal flame that is rekindled every night at the memorial engraved with the words: "Here rests a French soldier who died for the nation."
French President Jacques Chirac's invitation to Mr. Schroeder is being seen in Europe as a gesture of reconciliation, contrasting with the snub of 10 years ago.
French Socialists cheered their resounding victory, as election results showed they will hold a commanding majority in the lower house of parliament.
French activists use the portmanteau "catholaïcité" for the fake secularism displayed by the French state.
French and Arabic are spoken in this country.
French and English are the only two languages I speak.
French and English are the only two languages that I can understand.
French and German leaders say they will present plans to stabilize the crisis-stricken eurozone by the end of the month. The agreement by Europe's two economic powerhouses comes ahead of a key Group of 20 summit early next month.
French and Japanese films seem to exist on the opposite ends of the human spectrum.
French are better gardeners than Germans: they have green hands whereas their neighbours only have green thumbs.
French began to enter the English language after the Normans invaded Britain in 1066.
French bread is delicious.
French bread is very popular in Brazil.
French bread tastes good.
French can't be mastered overnight.
French car manufacturer Renault has a factory in Algeria.
French castles are very beautiful.
French chefs and Japanese chefs are entirely different.
French cinemas across the country are shut because of coronavirus.
French citizens have been ordered to remain home and self-quarantine to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
French class is on Monday.
French colonial troops looted countless villages in Algeria.
French comet-hunter Charles Messier publishes the first version of his catalog of non-stellar objects in 1771.
French cooking aims at making healthy, tasty food.
French cuisine is excellent.
French culture continues to enjoy great prestige.
French developed from Latin.
French doesn't belong to France. It belongs to all those who improve it.
French doesn't have a word for that.
French eclipsed Ziri's English capabilities.
French finance minister Christine Lagarde headed to Brazil as part of a tour to garner support for her candidacy.
French fries are loved by everybody.
French fries aren't even French.
French fries without vinegar, please.
French from Quebec is spoken by more than 7 million speakers.
French has a fixed word order.
French has many more vowels than Japanese.
French has many surprises in store.
French has two words for pride, one positive and one negative.
French hotels serve croissants and coffee in the morning.
French is Tom strongest language.
French is Tom's heritage language.
French is Tom's mother tongue.
French is Tom's native language.
French is Tom's primary language.
French is Tom's strongest language.
French is a Neo-Latin language that emerged in the 9th century.
French is a Romance language and English is a Germanic language.
French is a Romance language.
French is a beautiful language.
French is a de facto official language in Algeria.
French is a difficult language to learn.
French is a difficult language, isn't it?
French is a difficult language.
French is a fascinating language.
French is a hard language to learn.
French is a hard language, isn't it?
French is a language of allusions.
French is a language.
French is a really interesting language.
French is a required subject at our school.
French is a required subject.
French is a second language for me.
French is a simple language.
French is a very beautiful language.
French is a very difficult language for me.
French is a very distinct language; it sounds like no other.
French is a very interesting language.
French is a very useful language to know.
French is a widely-spoken language.
French is an elective.
French is an interesting language to study.
French is an interesting language.
French is complicated!
French is complicated.
French is definitely my strongest language.
French is definitely not a difficult language.
French is definitely not the easiest language to learn.
French is difficult to learn.
French is difficult to read.
French is difficult, don't you think?
French is difficult, isn't it?
French is difficult.
French is easier for me.
French is easy to learn.
French is easy.
French is fascinating.
French is hard to learn to pronounce.
French is hard to learn.
French is hard to read.
French is hard, don't you think?
French is hard, isn't it?
French is hard.
French is her first language.
French is her mother tongue.
French is her native language.
French is his first language.
French is his mother language.
French is his mother tongue.
French is his native language.
French is interesting.
French is just one of the languages that I want to learn.
French is my best subject.
French is my family language, and English is my work language.
French is my favorite language.
French is my favorite subject in school.
French is my favorite subject.
French is my mother tongue.
French is my native language, but I essentially speak it as a second language.
French is my native language.
French is my native tongue.
French is my next class.
French is my second language.
French is my stronger language.
French is my strongest language.
French is no longer as relevant in the modern world as it used to be a few centuries ago.
French is not a conlang.
French is not all that difficult to learn.
French is not an easy language.
French is not at all a difficult language.
French is not difficult at all.
French is not hard.
French is not only spoken in France.
French is not the only language that I learn.
French is one of my favorite languages.
French is one of the languages I've always wanted to learn.
French is one of the languages that I speak.
French is one of the languages that I've always wanted to learn.
French is one of the languages that Tom can speak.
French is one of the languages that Tom knows.
French is one of the most translated languages on Tatoeba.
French is only one of the languages Tom can speak.
French is only one of the languages that Tom can speak.
French is only one of the languages that Tom speaks.
French is precious to us, since our grandparents' generation was denied the right to learn it in school.
French is pretty hard, isn't it?
French is so difficult because you have to learn two languages. One, the way it's written, and two, the way it's spoken.
French is so difficult that I don't want to learn it any more.
French is so difficult.
French is so easy that I learned it in three days. The only problem is that people can't understand my French.
French is something completely different from Swedish.
French is something else entirely.
French is spoken by many.
French is spoken here.
French is spoken in France and in some parts of Italy.
French is spoken in France.
French is spoken in Switzerland.
French is spoken in a part of Canada.
French is spoken in parts of Italy as well as in France.
French is spoken there.
French is steadily losing ground among Canadians.
French is still spoken here.
French is taught by Mr White, not by Miss Green.
French is taught us by her.
French is the language I use the most.
French is the language I want to learn.
French is the language of love.
French is the language spoken here.
French is the language that I speak the most often.
French is the language that I use the most.
French is the most beautiful language in the world!
French is the only foreign language I can speak.
French is the only foreign language I know how to speak.
French is the only foreign language I know.
French is the only foreign language I'm able to speak.
French is the only foreign language I've ever formally studied.
French is the only foreign language I've ever studied.
French is the only foreign language I've studied.
French is the only foreign language Tom has ever studied.
French is the only foreign language Tom knows.
French is the only foreign language that I can speak.
French is the only foreign language that I know how to speak.
French is the only foreign language that I know.
French is the only foreign language that I'm able to speak.
French is the only foreign language that I've ever formally studied.
French is the only foreign language that I've ever studied.
French is the only foreign language that Tom and Mary know.
French is the only foreign language that Tom knows.
French is the only language I can speak.
French is the only language I know how to speak.
French is the only language I know.
French is the only language I'm able to speak.
French is the only language I'm any good at.
French is the only language Tom knows.
French is the only language that I can speak.
French is the only language that I know how to speak.
French is the only language that I'm able to speak.
French is the only language we're allowed to speak in the classroom.
French is the only other language Tom knows.
French is the same way.
French is their mother tongue.
French is too hard, I don’t want to learn it.
French is too hard, so I don't think I want to learn it.
French is too hard, so I don’t think I want to learn it.
French is too hard. I don't want to learn it.
French is useful for my job.
French is useful.
French is very difficult to learn.
French is very difficult.
French is very easy to learn.
French is very useful.
French isn't Tom's first language.
French isn't Tom's native language.
French isn't a difficult language.
French isn't a hard language to learn.
French isn't a required subject.
French isn't all that difficult to learn.
French isn't all that difficult.
French isn't all that hard.
French isn't an easy language.
French isn't as difficult as English.
French isn't as difficult to learn as a lot of people think it is.
French isn't as difficult to learn as some people think.
French isn't as hard to learn as a lot of people think it is.
French isn't at all difficult.
French isn't complicated.
French isn't difficult to learn.
French isn't difficult.
French isn't easy for me.
French isn't easy for us.
French isn't easy to master.
French isn't easy, but it's interesting.
French isn't easy.
French isn't hard to learn.
French isn't hard.
French isn't my first language.
French isn't my mother tongue.
French isn't my native language.
French isn't one of the languages Tom can speak.
French isn't one of the languages that Tom can speak.
French isn't one of the languages that Tom speaks.
French isn't only spoken in France.
French isn't so difficult.
French isn't so hard.
French isn't spoken here anymore.
French isn't spoken here.
French isn't taught in our schools the way it should be taught.
French isn't taught in our schools the way it should be.
French isn't taught in our schools the way it used to be taught.
French isn't taught in our schools the way it used to be.
French isn't taught in our schools.
French isn't that difficult.
French isn't that hard.
French isn't the only language I'm learning.
French isn't the only language Tom knows.
French isn't the only language Tom speaks, but it is the only one he speaks about.
French isn't the only language Tom speaks, but it's the only one he talks about.
French isn't the only language Tom speaks, but it's the only one he's good at.
French isn't the only language spoken in France.
French isn't the only language that Tom can speak.
French isn't the only language that Tom knows.
French isn't too difficult to learn.
French isn't very difficult.
French isn't very hard.
French knickers are allowed in the world of burlesque.
French language lovers could celebrate International Francophonie Day on Saturday with a new online interactive dictionary.
French leader Napoleon Bonaparte once said he feared four newspapers more than 1,000 bayonets.
French lessons are at 2:30 on Mondays.
French lessons are at 2:30.
French orthography is more consistent than English.
French paratroopers massacred many Algerian villagers and in some places, the bodies of the victims were buried by their own relatives in mass burial pits.
French paratroopers performed atrocious tortures to Algerians during the liberation war.
French paratroopers tortured Algerian civilians to extract information and killed them without regard.
French people are lazy.
French people don't think of anything as impossible.
French people don’t think of anything as impossible.
French people eat frogs and are rude!
French people frequently make grammatical mistakes, too.
French people live in France.
French people prefer the Internet to printed media.
French people seem lovely.
French physicists have successfully tested two optical lattice clocks, which would lose just one second every 300 million years.
French poet, Alcanter de Brahm, proposed the irony mark (؟) towards the end of the 19th century to indicate a sentence which should be understood as ironic or sarcastic.
French seems boring to me.
French sounds like a fun language to learn.
French speakers find it easy to learn Spanish.
French students do not dissect frogs. They eat them!
French students will be banned from using mobile phones on school grounds.
French toast is best with spinach pottage.
French toast is delicious.
French troops aren't present in Niger for human rights. They are there for uranium.
French troops committed unspeakable atrocities in Algeria.
French unemployment is at a record high.
French was more difficult to learn than I expected.
French was so hard to learn.
French was the first foreign language I learned.
French was the language of diplomacy, and because of this was taught in schools.
French was the language of diplomacy.
French was the only foreign language that they taught at my school.
French was the only foreign language they taught at my school.
French was the only language I spoke until I was thirteen.
French was the only language that I spoke until I was thirteen.
French wasn't as difficult to learn as I expected it to be.
French wasn't as difficult to learn as I expected.
French women are beautiful.
French words are always stressed on the last syllable by default.
French words like "vin" give Americans trouble; but "meringue," a valuable clue, falls trippingly from the tongue.
French, like Italian, Spanish or Portuguese, comes from Latin.
French, the official language, is used in administration and documentation.
French-Berber code switching could pidginize Berber and ultimately kill it.
French-medium education isn't necessary.
French-medium education isn't useful.
Frenchman Fabrice Santoro made the quarterfinals with a 6-4, 6-2 win over compatriot Gilles Simon. Santoro faces Sweden's Robin Soderling, who ousted Dominik Hrbaty of Slovakia (6-3, 7-5).
Frenetic applause showed him that the majority understood him and wholeheartedly agreed.
Frequent bowel movements are a common occurrence for me.
Frequent hand-washing with soap and water for at least 20 seconds is recommended by health experts to help prevent exposure to COVID-19.
Frequent sex is not good.
Frequent traveler Francesca Domenella said, at her father's urging, she started wearing a surgical mask after returning from China.
Frequently air out the spaces you are in.
Frequently clear and balmy weather deteriorates and it soon rains cats and dogs.
Frequently repeated elaborate lies that seem too out there to be true, still triumph over vastly simpler and more intuitive truths.
Frescoes decorate the walls of this Tuscan palazzo.
Fresh Reader, three times more interesting than Twitter (IMO)
Fresh air and exercise are good for the health.
Fresh air and exercise will do you good.
Fresh air invigorates the senses.
Fresh air is blowing in.
Fresh air is necessary to good health.
Fresh air is what we need.
Fresh air was desperately needed.
Fresh blows the breeze, and broader grows the bay, / and on the cliffs is seen Minerva's fane.
Fresh coffee will be ready in a minute.
Fresh dill will go nicely with the salmon.
Fresh donuts for Sami!
Fresh editions of every paper had been sent up by our news agent, only to be glanced over and tossed down into a corner.
Fresh figs are extremely perishable.
Fresh figs are fragile.
Fresh figs are very fragile and highly perishable.
Fresh flowers are always present in my home.
Fresh flowers decorated each table.
Fresh food is healthy.
Fresh food is indeed very delicious.
Fresh food is wonderful.
Fresh fruit and vegetables are good for your health.
Fresh fruit is dear in winter.
Fresh fruit is expensive in winter.
Fresh fruit is good for the health.
Fresh fruit is good for you.
Fresh fruit is good for your health.
Fresh fruits and vegetables are good for you.
Fresh fruits and vegetables are good for your health.
Fresh mushrooms are so tasty.
Fresh paint.
Fresh produce is sold at an open-air market.
Fresh snow brought about a festive atmosphere.
Fresh snow crunched underfoot.
Fresh tea is better than stale tea.
Fresh towels are in the bathroom.
Fresh vegetables are very dear in winter.
Fresh vegetables are very expensive in the winter.
Fresh vegetables contain many nutrients.
Fresh vegetables from the farmers market taste so much better than the bland and old produce from the grocery.
Fresh vegetables promote health.
Fresh water freezes at 32 degrees Fahrenheit but seawater freezes at about 28.4 degrees Fahrenheit, because of the salt in it.
Fresh water supplies are rare in Algeria.
Fresh wonder seized us, and we shook with fear. / All say, that justly had Laocoon died, / and paid fit penalty, whose guilty spear / profaned the steed and pierced the sacred side.
Fresh, homemade pasta is irresistible.
Fresh-water fish include some designated as protected species. You're not allowed to catch or buy them.
Fresh-water fish include some designated as protected species. You’re not allowed to catch or buy them.
Freshly fallen snow crunched underfoot.
Freshly pressed juice is more expensive than juice from concentrate.
Freshly squeezed orange juice is really delicious.
Freshly squeezed orange juice tastes really good.
Freshly washed sheets were hanging on the line in the garden to dry.
Freshly washed towels feel good.
Freshly-picked boiled corn is sweet.
Freshness is our top priority.
Freshwater crocodiles reach no more than three meters in length and normally weigh a maximum of seventy kilos.
Freshwater fish do not drink water.
Freud developed the love-hate relationship between parents and child as the Oedipus complex.
Freud is called the father of psychoanalysis.
Freud is considered the father of psychoanalysis.
Freud just did coke and made shit up.
Freud originated psychoanalysis.
Freud was an original thinker.
Freud's insights into human behavior led to him being honored as a profound thinker.
Freudian slip, much?
Freud’s insights into human behavior led to him being honored as a profound thinker.
Fribourg is south of Basel.
Friction between the Americans and the British mounted.
Friction causes a match to light.
Frictions between Japan and the U.S. are easing up for a change.
Frida Kahlo was a Mexican painter.
Friday evening was incredible.
Friday is ages away!
Friday is bin day in England.
Friday is housewarming party!
Friday is my favorite day of the week.
Friday is near.
Friday is the day when she is very busy.
Friday is the end.
Friday is the fifth day of the week.
Friday is when I am least busy.
Friday night is pizza night.
Friday the 13th is an American horror movie.
Friday the 13th is considered an unlucky day.
Friday was the appointed day.
Friday's behaviour shows his total submission and devotion to Robinson, because the Englishman saved him from the cannibals.
Friday, the governor ordered all barber shops, nail and hair salons and tattoo parlors to close temporarily.
Friday’s behaviour shows his total submission and devotion to Robinson, because the Englishman saved him from the cannibals.
Fridges keep food from going off.
Fridges prevents food from going bad.
Fried banana is a favorite snack here.
Fried eggs are a morning staple.
Fried eggs, sunny-side up, are a morning staple.
Fried eggs, sunny-side up, easy please.
Fried food does not agree with me.
Fried food is not good for health.
Fried food might be a double-edged sword.
Fried food usually doesn't agree with me.
Fried food usually doesn’t agree with me.
Fried items are unhealthy.
Fried spiders are a regional delicacy in Cambodia.
Friedrich Nietzsche was a German philosopher.
Friend me on Facebook. Huh, what's that? Really, so you don't do Facebook? You must not have any friends. That's terrible.
Friend, how about we stroll through the Chinatown?
Friend, lend me three loaves of bread, for a friend of mine has come to me from a journey, and I have nothing to set before him.
Friend, you've caught me on a bad day. I have zero tolerance for bullshit.
Friend-Daniel reminds us that orchids are complex. “No one said it was easy,” she said. “It’s work.”
Friend-Daniel said putting water on the roots every day is best.
Friendlier people are not necessarily dumber people.
Friendliness is a language the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
Friendliness is a thing of the past.
Friendly Banners in my Lulu Island neighbourhood was a nice American-style diner. I frequented it before it closed down.
Friendly Fire is enabled on this server, but griefers will be banned.
Friendly Fire is enabled on this server, but griefers will get bans.
Friendly Fire is enabled on this server, but griefers will get the banhammer.
Friendly Reminder: Please keep in mind the closing time of the line you need to switch to, so as to avoid delays in your trip.
Friendly words will mitigate their fury.
Friends I hadn't seen in years smiled back at me.
Friends always find a solution.
Friends and acquaintances have tried to curb Miroslav's habit of cursing profusely by pointing out its impact, but he remains unapologetic and resistant to change.
Friends and family are setting up Skype and Zoom sessions to stay in touch.
Friends and family gathered to commemorate Yanni's life.
Friends and relatives are invited.
Friends are always prepared to help each other.
Friends are always willing to help each other.
Friends are easy to find, but they're hard to keep.
Friends are easy to find, hard to keep.
Friends are fellow travelers helping us move forward on the way to a happier life.
Friends are like flowers in the garden of life.
Friends are more important than relatives.
Friends are our link with a bigger world.
Friends are overrated.
Friends are people with whom you can think aloud. Tom was one of those.
Friends are people with whom you can think out loud. Tom was one of those.
Friends are people you can think out loud with.
Friends are people you can think out loud with. Tom was one of those.
Friends are starting to distance themselves.
Friends are the people who pick you up when nobody else has even noticed that you've fallen down.
Friends are the stars shining; they appear in the dark.
Friends are thieves of time.
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
Friends are very important to her.
Friends are very important to him.
Friends are very important.
Friends become my family in times of need.
Friends can help each other. A true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself - and especially to feel. Or, not feel. Whatever you happen to be feeling at the moment is fine with them. That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is.
Friends can teach you to forgive and to accept other people's differences.
Friends come and go, leaving memories behind.
Friends come back to the library to study.
Friends come in handy at times like this.
Friends do things together.
Friends don't always stay friends forever.
Friends don't let friends drive drunk.
Friends gathered to hear my reading.
Friends greeted each other at the gate.
Friends have all things in common.
Friends help each other.
Friends help each other. Just let me know what's wrong.
Friends help each other. Just let me know what’s wrong.
Friends huddled together, laughing.
Friends hung that name on her.
Friends is a popular sitcom that first aired in the '90s.
Friends notice her distant behavior lately.
Friends of Texas Wildlife President Janette Winkelmann says her privately-funded organization can only help a small percentage of the displaced animals.
Friends of my friends, are also my friends.
Friends of the Kabyle people are welcome in Kabylia who will never forget them.
Friends often help mend a broken heart with their support.
Friends often sense his dishonesty.
Friends say he’s better off ordering takeout.
Friends share common interests and life experiences.
Friends should be helped.
Friends should help one another.
Friends should share everything.
Friends tell each other their problems.
Friends tell you things you don't want to hear.
Friends today, enemies tomorrow.
Friends understand each other.
Friends who pay a visit are an ornament to the home.
Friends, I beg you to keep silent for a while. Let Tom say something.
Friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your ears; I come to bury Caesar, not to praise him.
Friends, can I talk with you for a minute?
Friends, do you know that it is a sad thing to be torn from life at twenty, when you are full of strength and life, when you are loved by those whom you love, to leave mourners whose tearful eyes will weep until they must shut forever?
Friends, don't be constantly in fear of the unthinkingly critical, grimacing conventional world, but always act as your conscience and heart dictate.
Friends, let's make a circle.
Friends, pray for us.
Friends, we've come here for nothing.
Friends: a family of which we chose the members.
Friendship and happiness can't be separated.
Friendship and happiness cannot be separated.
Friendship bound them together.
Friendship can be complicated.
Friendship consists of mutual understanding.
Friendship does exist in politics.
Friendship doesn't exist in politics.
Friendship in itself is something very vague and even in cases of same-sex friendships, it takes many shapes and is brought on by many different motives.
Friendship is a lie.
Friendship is a love that never dies.
Friendship is a matter of trust.
Friendship is a plant which must be often watered.
Friendship is a ship big enough to carry two in fair weather, but none in foul.
Friendship is a soul that dwells in two bodies; a heart that dwells in two souls.
Friendship is a source of pleasure.
Friendship is a support in difficult times.
Friendship is a two-way street.
Friendship is above all else.
Friendship is as precious as anything else.
Friendship is built on loyalty.
Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.
Friendship is difficult to find.
Friendship is everything to me.
Friendship is friendship and work is work.
Friendship is good when there is understanding.
Friendship is its own reward.
Friendship is just like peeing your pants; everyone can see it, but only you can feel its true warmth.
Friendship is like having a brother from another mother.
Friendship is like having a brother that doesn't live in the same house.
Friendship is like money. It's easier to get it than to keep it.
Friendship is love without wings.
Friendship is magic.
Friendship is more precious than anything else.
Friendship is more valuable than gold.
Friendship is really important to me.
Friendship is something that I value much.
Friendship is sometimes just a synonym of usefulness.
Friendship is the connection of souls.
Friendship is the most precious of all.
Friendship is the salt of life.
Friendship is when someone tells you "make yourself at home", and you immediately do.
Friendship lasts longer than memories.
Friendship means a lot to me.
Friendship must be cultivated, like a garden.
Friendship must be nurtured on a daily basis.
Friendship needs to be nurtured.
Friendship redoubles joy and cuts grief in half.
Friendship requires consistent work.
Friendship requires mutual trust.
Friendship shouldn’t come with a price tag.
Friendship terrorists are lurking everywhere.
Friendship that ends had never begun.
Friendship transcends time, distance, and differences.
Friendship was a sacred thing in the eyes of this little German, and he was much horrified at this cruel desecration just revealed to him.
Friendship without trust is like a flower without a fragrance.
Friendship, that's like home.
Friendships must live, and hatreds must die.
Friendships tend to be challenging.
Fries is part of the latest exploration team searching for meteorites.
Fright gave the old lady heart failure.
Frisian is a language.
Frisian is my mother tongue.
Frisian, Low Saxon, Limburgish, Romani, and Yiddish have protected status under the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages.
Frisians are a minority.
Fritz admits he often plays truant.
Fritz called to say he won't come.
Frogs and birds eat insects.
Frogs and toads are anurans.
Frogs are afraid of snakes.
Frogs are an indicator of the health of the forest.
Frogs are freaks.
Frogs are slimy.
Frogs are such amazing creatures.
Frogs are such marvelous creatures.
Frogs croak.
Frogs don't have necks.
Frogs eat flies.
Frogs eat insects.
Frogs have no neck.
Frogs have no necks.
Frogs turn into princes only in fairy tales.
Frogs, toads, newts and salamanders are amphibians.
From 1809 to 1917, Finland was part of Russia.
From 1830 on, Algerians did everything they could to stop the French invasion.
From 1859, Protestant missionaries from America started to arrive, and the Catholic and Russian Orthodox churches also became actively involved in missionary work.
From 1902 through 1909, Einstein worked in a patent office in Bern, Switzerland. While working in the patent office he published many papers on theoretical physics.
From 1988 to 1990, he completed his clinical residency in the Department of Eye Diseases at the First Moscow State Medical University named after I. M. Sechenov.
From 1988 to 1990, she completed her clinical residency in the Department of Eye Diseases at the First Moscow State Medical University named after I. M. Sechenov.
From 1988 to 1994 he lived in Lebanon.
From 1994 to 2004, he lived in a haunted house.
From 2003 to 2007, I studied in Boston.
From 2010 to 2017, the number of tourists visiting Iceland increased by nearly 400%.
From 2012 to 2013, more than 360 new species were discovered and catalogued.
From 2018 to November 2019, he was Chairman of the State Committee for Urban Planning and Architecture of the Republic of Azerbaijan.
From 2025, British Sign Language (BSL) will be taught as a GCSE subject.
From 7 o'clock on, the traffic in the town picks up.
From 7 o'clock onwards, the traffic in the town picks up.
From Algeria, you can fly to places like France and Spain.
From April this book will be available to read online too.
From Earth, Mercury is difficult to observe because it's so close to the Sun.
From Earth, Mercury is difficult to observe.
From Europe's villages to the grand capitals of London, Paris and Rome, there has been an explosion in the number of Chinese tourists — the most visible sign of China's expanding economic presence in Europe, one both welcomed and feared.
From Florence, in March of this same year, our master made his way to Perugia, where he drew the balance of his pay for the Sistine frescoes; and then, prudently avoiding Orvieto, went on south to Rome, where we have seen that Pinturicchio had now established himself, together with the Florentine Filippino Lippi, and had found many commissions.
From France we travelled through Switzerland to Austria.
From Friday onwards, it's meant to be getting really warm.
From Friday, it's supposed to get really warm.
From Germany, we move to Algeria.
From Hitler to Putin, revanchism has proven time and time again to be a cover for broader imperialist ambitions.
From January to June, the sun rises earlier.
From June to September, we work harder.
From Kate's point of view, he works too much.
From Kate’s point of view, he works too much.
From Leonardo da Vinci to Pablo Picasso to Andy Warhol, a unifying theme emerges. It's an idea that has stood the test of time: We don't always finish what we start.
From Los Angeles to London, Beijing to Berlin, countries are seeing a supply crunch rarely experienced outside wartime.
From Mars, the Earth looks just like another star.
From May 15th, trains will start running on the summer schedule.
From May, we'll get more money.
From Mercury, the Sun looks three times bigger than it looks from the Earth.
From Milan to Venice is three hundred kilometers.
From New Delhi, Anjana Pasricha reports on the government's efforts to stub out smoking, which kills an estimated one million people in the country, every year.
From November onwards, it gets colder.
From November onwards, it will get colder.
From Roman Catholicism in the Philippines, both my parents in North America converted to Baptist Protestants, recruited by already converted Filipinos. They went to Baptist churches for years, until later years, in Pentecostal church, because there was more music.
From Roman Catholicism, my father, who first converted, converted my mother, my grandmother, and my cousin to Baptist Protestants. I was in high school; I believed in science and did not convert. My little brother started in the kiddy section of the Protestant church. Such is why he is different from me and my elder brother who both had nominal Catholicism for at least a decade. My elder brother, who also believed in science, stayed away from the religious strife that my family was having. I went to Protestant church with my parents, but felt alien in there. Such is my confession. Statuettes of Buddha from my Philippine and Canadian childhood attracted me to Buddhism. My interest in biology was my natural inclination towards Animism since childhood.
From Sendai I extended my journey to Aomori.
From Shivaji Maharaj's character, we gain strength and the inspiration to do something in life.
From Skura's perspective, Yanni would be a great catch. If she marries him, she can get a US green card.
From Tom's accent, I'd guess he's Canadian.
From Tom's tone, I sensed there was a "but" coming.
From Tursun to Guzelnur, you are all good students.
From Yanni's house, you can see the mosque.
From a Korean TV show, a Korean says, "You'd rather learn a phonogram!"
From a Pope to a King, everyone drinks without restraint.
From a barrel of rotten apples, you can still fish out one or two edible ones.
From a bird's-eye view, Los Angeles looks like a chequered carpet.
From a black cloud a storm will appear.
From a certain perspective, Islam could be seen as a synthesis of Rabbinic Judaism and Christianity.
From a distance it looks pretty.
From a distance, his gait reminded me of my grandfather.
From a distance, that stone looks like a person's face.
From a distance, the small island looked like a turtle.
From a distance, the two looked alike.
From a distance, the water appears green.
From a distance, they shot at each other.
From a distance, this stone looks like a human face.
From a distance, this stone resembles a person's face.
From a distance, you might think it was a balloon.
From a drop of water a logician could predict an Atlantic or a Niagara.
From a few mud houses beyond a rising ground, not far from the river, came several men and women, bringing peaches and melons in their ponchos, together with baskets of native manufacture, filled with two kinds of grapes, one variety of which was the white Muscatel. At different points near this river my attention had been attracted by a disease very prevalent among the people, which exhibited itself in the form of a large swelling upon the throat, and was called by the natives the coté (goitre).
From a flag-design point of view, this flag is unnecessarily complex. The two blue bars are very simple indeed, but the centre image, unfortunately, is in almost photographic detail.
From a glance Tom was a rich person.
From a gold mine in Baia Mare, Romania, the Tisza River was contaminated with a release of 180 times the deadly dose of cyanide. It is estimated that 1,700 tonnes of fish were killed.
From a grammatical standpoint, that sentence is incorrect.
From a humble background, John achieved worldwide fame.
From a lexical point of view, Esperanto appears as an Indo-European language, but structurally it is an isolating language, likewise Chinese.
From a literary perspective, the book is not at the highest level.
From a literary point of view, his work is a failure.
From a more millennial standpoint, renting is no longer a brief solution before settling down, but rather an attractive world of possibilities.
From a movie star he became a statesman.
From a practical point of view, his plan is not easy to carry out.
From a religious point of view, Algeria isn't ruled by sharia.
From a scientific point of view, I'm not entirely sure about that.
From a seaside perch overlooking the hustle and bustle of ships coming and going at Port Canaveral on Florida’s east coast, Dale Ketcham reflects on decades of history with nostalgia.
From a small acorn grows a great oak.
From a small acorn grows a tall oak tree.
From a social perspective, menarche is typically considered the central event of female puberty - but menarche does not necessarily signal that ovulation has begun occurring.
From a statistical point of view, a plane flight is much safer than a car trip.
From a strictly scientific point of view, history cannot be called a science.
From a theoretical point of view, Peterson's argument is directly relevant to our discussion.
From a thicket close by came three beautiful white swans, rustling their feathers, and swimming lightly over the smooth water.
From a translation I demand that it combine fidelity with sonority, and that it incorporate the genius of the language that it is written in, and not that of the original language. A good translator, therefore, needs to be intimately acquainted with the philology of a language pair.
From a very early age he amazed everyone with his extraordinary abilities to do mathematical calculations in his head without the use of pen and paper.
From a very young age, Jorge Luis Borges had serious problems with his vision.
From a very young age, he showed his propensity for studying.
From a walk in the park it turned into a descent into maelstrom followed by a dwindling spiral of inadequate resources and insufficient time.
From a young age children learn to ostracise those who aren't like them.
From a young age, it’s important to read many books.
From about 2014, I was a regular customer at Pizza Hut. Then around 2016, I started haunting the ice-cream parlour DQ. 7-11 was always a quick stop for many years. And I sometimes visit the sandwich-makers at Subway. I started going to Gami Sushi restaurant around 2017.
From about age 6, I led the life of a latchkey kid.
From above resounded a deafening cry.
From above resounded a deafening howl.
From above the river looks like a serpent slithering through the jungle.
From above there resounded a deafening cry.
From above, one could see the river.
From above, the Earth looks like a geographical map.
From above, the river was visible.
From acorns come oaks.
From acorns grow oaks.
From across the room she mouthed the words "I love you".
From across the room, you look like Tom.
From afar, Saturn's rings look like a solid, homogenous disk of material, but upon closer examination from Cassini, we see that there are varied structures in the rings at almost every scale imaginable.
From afar, the cabin looked empty.
From afar, the path seems easy, take care; For in the end, it’s hard for those who dare.
From alien invasions and climate catastrophes to pandemics, Hollywood has made countless disaster movies over the years.
From all evidence, I was the main topic of conversation.
From all of us in the crew, we look forward to your flying with us again. We hope you have a nice day.
From all that I can collect by your manner of talking, you must be two of the silliest girls in the country. I have suspected it some time, but I am now convinced.
From an adult's one-sided point of view, children's attitudes often seem to be disobedient.
From an adult’s one-sided point of view, children’s attitudes often seem to be disobedient.
From an early age, she was intrigued by zoology, so it's no surprise she currently works as a herpetologist.
From an ethical point of view, the great principle of technology is "responsibility to the present" but the new way of thinking, "responsibility to the future" has emerged.
From an objective viewpoint, his argument was far from rational.
From any point of view, a fool is still merely a fool.
From bad stems worse.
From bad to worse!
From beginning to end Tom has only spoken with a lackluster demeanour.
From behind the Iron Curtain, there are signs that tyranny is in trouble and reminders that its structure is as brittle as its surface is hard.
From behind the fridge, a roach comes out.
From below, the house seemed tall.
From below, the house seemed very tall.
From beneath the white, shaggy eyebrows, from the deep eye sockets, a pair of good-natured, mischievous eyes peeks out.
From between the pleats of her black skirt, the nun brought out scissors and deftly cut coloured paper into long, narrow strips, which we could then braid into a paper rug.
From biology to ecology to medicine, the biosciences are recognized globally as dynamic drivers of modern economic progress. For young college graduates, majoring in one of the biosciences can open a whole host of career possibilities. But a new study finds that many schools across the United States are not doing enough to motivate or prepare students to pursue bioscience studies in college. The study's authors suggest some ways that American educators can turn things around.
From body surfing to hip-hop music, a rally for Democratic presidential candidate Andrew Yang can feel more like a rock concert than a political event.
From both the great and small, I’ve never heard; A greeting without wish—brother, here’s my word.
From bumblebees and swallowtail butterflies pollinating wild flowers to wolf spiders hunting along the forest floor, arthropods fill many niches critical in maintaining natural environments.
From childhood I dreamed of being a pastry cook.
From childhood I dreamt of being a pastry cook.
From childhood I was fond of reading, and all the little money that ever came into my hands was laid out in books.
From childhood, Hercules exercised diligently, spending most of the day at the gymnasium; and he learned to shoot with a bow and arrow.
From childhood, astronomy and science fiction have always been favourite subjects of mine. I often reflect that I just think like a Japanese. I can read lots of Japanese, and it greatly influences my thinking. Having lived in Japan, I know a lot about Japanese spirituality. The Japanese "pray" as they eat, as they slice fruit, etc. I watch a lot of anime from Japan. I like also American, British, and European science fiction in television, movies, and books. My birth year 1966 is the same as the beginning of the Star Trek franchise. It was not a mere coincidence.
From children to the elderly, sensible exercise has a good effect on the body.
From chipping come chips.
From colonials to Victorians to ranch-style houses and McMansions, the story of American residential architecture is that it tends to be eclectic.
From complicated diet therapy to the care of diarrhea, the daily 24-hour nursing care continued.
From data gathered by the Viking 1 and 2 probes, we know that the Martian surface is covered by various rocks and a soil which is rich in an iron-laden clay. The presence of iron explains the planet's reddish-orange appearance.
From doughnuts we move on to cupcakes. There are chocolate, vanilla and other kinds. Cupcakes are generally topped with frosting and served still inside the paper baking cup in which they were made.
From each according to his ability, to each according to his needs.
From each according to their ability, to each according to their needs.
From each sentence make nine translations.
From each side they shoaled, / resolved and ready over sea and land / my steps to follow, where the Fates command.
From early morning I had been oppressed by a strange melancholy.
From end to end, the DNA molecule measures a thousandth of a thousandth of a millimeter. A million helices placed side by side would fit in this letter: o.
From every gesture and expression I could see that he was a reserved, self-contained man, with a dash of pride in his nature, more likely to hide his wounds than to expose them.
From every hole and corner in the hut mice came pattering along the floor, squeaking and saying: "Little girl, why are your eyes so red? If you want help, then give us some bread."
From everything you've told me, Tom loved you.
From falsehood, lead me to truth. From darkness, lead me to light. From death, lead me to immortality.
From far away came the sound of a band playing.
From far away, the Earth looks like a point of light.
From far off, Ziri could see Rima's car signal.
From father to son.
From figs and Swiss chard to edible nasturtiums, Finley grows fruits and vegetables that are rare in the inner city, where he says residents have better access to fast food and liquor stores than to healthful produce.
From fitting rooms with creative technology, to interactive home remodeling, the latest innovations highlighted at this year’s National Retail Federation “BIG Show” in New York show us the dazzling future of the walk-in shopping experience.
From five o'clock onwards any leftover bread, cakes, and pastries are sold at half price.
From graduation to retirement, Laowang worked as a teacher without intermission.
From great wrongdoing there are great punishments from the gods.
From hand to mouth will never make a worthy man.
From hawkers competing for business, to the smell of street food, to the energy in the air, it is a vibe that draws thousands of people, mostly Asians, to the Los Angeles night market.
From hell's heart I stab at thee!
From her letter I knew she was angry.
From her school have come very many of the young dancers and, even more important, many of the young choreographers who are making ballet history today.
From here on out things are going to change, for the worse.
From here on out you’ll be on your own.
From here on out, it's smooth sailing.
From here on out, you'll be on your own.
From here to the campus takes fifteen minutes.
From here to the campus takes quarter of an hour.
From here to the coast is about three kilometres.
From here to the railway station is half an hour's walk.
From here to the railway station takes about ten minutes.
From here to the railway station takes half an hour on foot.
From here to the train station is half an hour's walk.
From here to the train station takes about ten minutes.
From here to the train station takes half an hour on foot.
From here to there is only five minutes.
From here to there takes about thirty minutes by car.
From here to there there are only a few kilometers.
From here to there, it's only five minutes.
From here we see the city.
From here, I can't see it.
From here, it gets interesting very quick.
From here, it's about three kilometers to the coast.
From here, one can see Mt. Fuji.
From here, one can view Mt. Fuji.
From here, the road drops dramatically down to the valley.
From here, we can hear the calls to prayer from several mosques and suraus in the area.
From here, you can look down the elevator shaft.
From high above, the eagle dives toward its prey, captures it with its claws, and flies back into the sky.
From his Twitter account Wednesday, Pope Francis wrote to thank “all those who have been close to me with prayer and affection during my hospital stay. Let us not forget to pray for the sick and for those who assist them.”
From his accent, I would guess that man is Scottish.
From his children, only a daughter survived, Fatima.
From his fourth-story apartment, Tom eyed the collapsing river bank next door with an uneasy look on his face.
From his observations, Copernicus concluded that every planet, including Earth, revolved around the Sun.
From his point of view he's right.
From his point of view, it's pretty natural to think so.
From his voice I thought he was young.
From home to work, it takes 40 minutes.
From horizon to horizon, in every direction, blue-grey skies descend into a flat, grey, monochromatic landscape that is only disrupted by strong winds and cloud cover.
From house to house in frenzy as I flew, / a melancholy spectre rose in view, / Creusa's very image; ay, 'twas there, / but larger than the living form I knew.
From how clothes are used to how they are made, computing power is reshaping the fashion industry. Designers can create structures and designs that have never existed before current technology.
From how you described this place, I was expecting something different.
From humorous to creepy stories, like the last volume, you can enjoy various types of stories.
From hydrocarbons to metals such as iron and zinc, Algeria has it all.
From infancy to manhood is rather a tedious period.
From its pivotal role in mediating the Libyan crisis to its ongoing efforts in promoting stability in the Sahel region, Algeria has exemplified the power of dialogue in fostering sustainable peace and mitigating the impact of conflicts on civilian populations.
From lasers that cut denim at a factory, to drones that irrigate crops, it’s not a new story that machines are doing more work than ever.
From marijuana-laced candy to body lotion infused with marijuana, this controversial plant is becoming a big business in the United States as more states make it mainstream.
From mid-century on, climate change is projected to have more negative impacts on crops and livestock across the country – a trend that could diminish the security of our food supply.
From midnight Friday Washington time, all foreign nationals who have entered the EU’s border-free Schengen zone in the previous 14 days will be barred from U.S. entry, in an effort to stop the spread of the coronavirus.
From mistake to mistake, the whole truth is discovered.
From morning till night she prattles away, hopping, skipping, and jumping from one subject to another, and saying something sensible or droll on each.
From morning till night, he did nothing but wait for him.
From morning to night, he never stopped having remorse.
From movies and TV shows to songs on the radio, there have been fewer opportunities in traditional media for Asian-American entertainers. But the Internet, especially YouTube, has changed that. Los Angeles has seen an explosion of Asian-American YouTube celebrities.
From my experience, love is like chestnut honey. It's sweet but leaves a bitter aftertaste.
From my house, Tom's house is just 4 km farther than Mary's house.
From my house, it's three miles to the nearest bus stop.
From my own experience, illness often comes from sleeplessness.
From my personal point of view, his opinion is right.
From my perspective, this sort of approach may not be wise.
From my point of view, Australia is one of the best countries in the world.
From my point of view, Australia is one of the most beautiful countries in the world.
From my point of view, cars do more harm than good.
From my point of view, it would be better to wait a little longer.
From my point of view, it's not possible to make a decision safely.
From my position, I cannot see the tower.
From my room in Brooklyn I can see all the way to Manhattan.
From my vantage point, I can't see the action.
From next week onwards Jane will take responsibility for our students.
From noon until sunset, victory was doubtful.
From nothing comes nothing.
From now on I won't add sentences.
From now on I'll visit more often.
From now on I’m going to study.
From now on he will be there for you.
From now on many petty men will not be able to be cowards anymore.
From now on there is peace between us.
From now on there will be peace between us.
From now on, I hope to be with you.
From now on, I promise I'll be on time.
From now on, I promise I'll get here on time.
From now on, I promise to be punctual.
From now on, I want a hot cup of coffee on my desk when I arrive at the office.
From now on, I will do it by myself.
From now on, I will no longer smoke.
From now on, I will not be eating any meat.
From now on, I will not eat meat anymore.
From now on, I will not use that word.
From now on, I will work harder than I have thus far.
From now on, I won't be eating any meat.
From now on, I won't be eating meat.
From now on, I won't eat meat anymore.
From now on, I won't eat meat.
From now on, I won't smoke anymore.
From now on, I won't smoke.
From now on, I won't use that word.
From now on, I'll be different and I'll try to become a most obedient boy.
From now on, I'll do it that way.
From now on, I'll only submit sensible sentences to Tatoeba.
From now on, I'll say what I think.
From now on, I'll try to help you with the work.
From now on, I'll visit more often.
From now on, I'm going to be here for you.
From now on, I'm going to do that every day.
From now on, I'm going to say what's on my mind.
From now on, I'm going to speak in Spanish.
From now on, I'm no longer Yazid. I'm Ziri.
From now on, I'm no longer going to do it Tom's way.
From now on, I'm no longer going to greet that unpleasant Luca!
From now on, I'm only going to speak French.
From now on, I’ll try to help you with the work.
From now on, I’m going to say what’s on my mind.
From now on, Ziri is my boyfriend.
From now on, all our meetings will be held in French.
From now on, be a bit more careful with your money.
From now on, be more careful with your money.
From now on, be more careful.
From now on, don't come and visit me any more.
From now on, don't come to see me any more.
From now on, don't forget the key.
From now on, drinking in the workplace is prohibited.
From now on, finance, electronics, and healthcare will be the mainstays of our company.
From now on, let's do this the same way that Tom does.
From now on, let's do this the way Tom suggested.
From now on, let's do this together.
From now on, let's eat lunch in the kitchen.
From now on, let's keep in touch.
From now on, let's only speak French to each other.
From now on, let's only speak French.
From now on, let's speak French to each other.
From now on, let's stay in contact!
From now on, let's study in the morning.
From now on, let’s keep in touch.
From now on, let’s study in the morning.
From now on, lots of things are going to change around here.
From now on, no more TV before you have done your homework.
From now on, no one shall speak any language other than Turkish at the palace, at the government, in meetings and on the street.
From now on, please call me Tom.
From now on, please don't speak to me in English. All right?
From now on, the meetings will be held in Turkish.
From now on, there is no reason to worry any more.
From now on, they can do whatever they like.
From now on, they'll be better.
From now on, this is the way it has to be.
From now on, try harder.
From now on, try to arrive on time.
From now on, we need to add a new rule.
From now on, we'll do it this way.
From now on, we'll do that the way Tom suggested.
From now on, we'll do that your way.
From now on, we'll have to spend less money.
From now on, we'll meet in this room.
From now on, we'll only speak French.
From now on, you must be responsible for what you do.
From now on, you should exercise regularly. I bought some health supplements for you to try.
From now on, you will become the toughest fifteen year old in the world.
From now on, you'll follow orders.
From now on, you'll have breakfast with us.
From now on, you'll have to take care of yourself.
From now on, you'll have to take care of yourselves.
From now on, you're Leonid.
From now on, you're one of us.
From now on, you’ll have to take care of yourself.
From one extreme to another.
From one to ten, I think you're a nine, and I'm the one you need.
From one year to another year.
From our family to yours, we extend our best wishes.
From our family to yours, we extend our warmest wishes.
From our family to yours, we send our best wishes.
From our family to yours, we send our warmest wishes.
From our human experience and history, at least as far as I am informed, I know that everything essential and great has only emerged when human beings had a home and were rooted in a tradition. Today’s literature is, for instance, largely destructive.
From our lane to the market is a long distance.
From our monthly revenue, we should deduct the costs of food, rent, clothing, transportation etc.
From our point of view, his proposal is reasonable.
From outside you can.
From outside, the Keskinen's family seemed completely normal - what happened was a total surprise.
From overabundance of buzzwords the common folks get their brains steaming.
From personal experience, I know that any encounter with him will leave a bad taste in your mouth.
From plebeian origins, Tom Jackson has quickly risen to the upper echelon of society.
From prayer we gain everything. Prayer is a universal remedy.
From reading good books we can derive pleasure, friendship, experience and instruction.
From shock, Elias turned to anger.
From six until eight in the evening is happy hour.
From somewhere in the distance came an ominous rumble.
From space, Earth seems relatively small.
From space, the earth looks quite small.
From space, the earth looks small.
From space, the world looks very small.
From spring to autumn, a lawn mower buzzes outside at one place or another, almost daily.
From start to finish, there was nothing wrong with his behavior.
From talking with the driver, I understood it's not easy in the city.
From tears to a kiss, there is naught but a quiver!
From that conclusion the family could be divided into two groups.
From that day forth he lived with the boy.
From that day forth he merely tasted his food, and only just moistened his lips with drink.
From that day on, Ziri began to do anything he could to please Rima.
From that day on, he'll never say hello to me again.
From that day on, he’ll never say hello to me again.
From that day on, they met each other often.
From that day on, things got better.
From that day on, we helped him learn Japanese.
From that day onward, Saul considered David his enemy.
From that day, amid all his cordiality, there was always a touch of suspicion in Mr. Trevor's manner towards me.
From that distance, the ship is similar to an island.
From that distance, the ship resembles an island.
From that evening onwards, Swann understood that the feeling which Odette had once had for him would never revive.
From that moment on we lived pretending that everything was fine.
From that moment on, Ziri couldn't calm down anymore.
From that moment on, he felt undying hatred for his oppressors.
From that moment on, the town was recognized as Esteban's town.
From that moment on, the town was recognized as Esteban’s town.
From that moment, I realized I had made a grave mistake.
From that night on, Gabor stopped speaking to Martha.
From that point on, he hated me.
From that point on, things have never been the same between Janos and his neighbors.
From that time Sarah hated me with her whole heart and soul.
From that time forward he kissed her openly, as if she were already his wife, and not by stealth as he had been wont to do, and he assisted her in all her work, milking her ewes for her, setting her cheese on the racks, and placing her lambs under their dams, as he did with his own kids.
From that time on, she always waited on him.
From that time on, they came to love each other.
From that time unto this day, in the whole land of Egypt, the fifth part is paid to the kings, and it is become as a law, except the land of the priests, which was free from this covenant.
From that tone, I suppose he's with his mistress now.
From the 1920s until his death in 1977, this Englishman based in South Africa lugged his equipment throughout sub-Saharan Africa with one mission—to record as much of the indigenous African music he loved as possible.
From the 256 wooden pipes flow the sounds of an orchestra with viola, bass, saxophone, trumpet, trombone, violin, flute, flageolet, and piccolo. The organ also has a glockenspiel, castanets, a cymbal, and snare and bass drums.
From the 26th to the 28th of September 2015, nine people from five countries gathered in Brno (Czech Republic) to have fun together learning and using the Toki Pona language. In this video they are in a university botanical garden and talk about what they see.
From the 5th to the 15th of January, please.
From the Ecuadorian embassy in London, Assange continued to run his website.
From the Moon, knowledge.
From the Tokyo International Airport to Tokyo, you can take a train or an airport shuttle bus.
From the U.S. midwest to the Atlantic coast, male cicadas produce a shrill noise unmistakable during the daytime.
From the Ukrainian crisis, a new global order will emerge.
From the age of 14 one is obliged to carry ID in Holland.
From the airport, the Keisei Line Sky-Liner will take you to Ueno Station in 75 minutes.
From the back you look like your mother.
From the balcony, Ziri watched birds.
From the balcony, we have a beautiful view of the park.
From the beaches of Bali to the streets of Tokyo, traveling is a great way to explore the diversity of the world and experience different cultures.
From the bed, I can clearly see the waning gibbous moon through the window.
From the beginning of the Perestroika, many starry-eyed members of the intelligentsia believed that from now on, everything with us would be "like in the West".
From the bottom of my heart, I want to thank you.
From the bottom of my heart, thank you.
From the buyer's point of view, the prices of these CD players are too high.
From the buyer’s point of view, the prices of these CD players are too high.
From the castle we could see the whole curve of the river around its base.
From the ceiling hung a large, black spider.
From the ceiling, a lone light dangles from a cable.
From the center of the ceiling of this kitchen, old Wardle had just suspended with his own hands a huge branch of mistletoe.
From the coffee table photo book to the bathroom factoid anthology to the bedside escapist novel, American literature is designed to match the furniture.
From the corridor, you can reach the living room, the kitchen, and the toilet, or you can take the stairs upstairs, where the bedrooms and the bathroom are.
From the country to France
From the day after tomorrow on, everything will be completely different.
From the deepest corners of the earth to the highest peaks, my pursuit knows no limits.
From the depths of my heart, I say I love you.
From the direction he was going in, I'd say he was heading to town.
From the direction that he was going in, I would say he was headed to town.
From the distance the howl of a dog could be heard.
From the doctor's grim expression, it was clear he had somber news for the patient.
From the doctor’s grim expression, it was clear he had somber news for the patient.
From the earliest days of our republic, American leaders have understood that diplomacy and engagement is preferable to conflict and hostility.
From the earliest days of the republic, Americans broke their fast in the morning by eating whatever was most easily available, which often included bread, eggs or leftovers.
From the earliest times of which records exist it had been the practice to send out agents to the various ports to impress the shipwrights, caulkers, sawyers, and other workmen required for the construction and repair of ships of the Royal Navy.
From the early 1960s to the late 1980s, Algeria was a one-party state.
From the edge of the cliff the panoramic view to the south-west is vast and superb, the landscape resembling a map in green plasticine with the rivers shown in blue.
From the egg is hatched the larva, grub, or caterpillar, which is destitute of wings; this afterwards changes to a pupa, or crysalis, wholly covered with a hard shell, or strong skin, from which the perfect or winged insect, bursts forth.
From the first automobiles, it took 40 years until the horse had disappeared from the streetscape.
From the first moment that he saw her he appeared to be strongly attracted by her, and I am much mistaken if the feeling was not mutual.
From the first word on, she looked him steadily in the eye.
From the first word onwards, she looked him in the eye without flinching.
From the forest you could hear a dull murmuring.
From the fullness of his grace we have all received one blessing after another.
From the garden, you can see the pool.
From the heart, I wish you the best.
From the high chimneys which rose from the steep, high-angled roof there sprang a single black column of smoke.
From the high dune, I could see the whole island.
From the high dune, I had a view of the whole island.
From the hill it is possible to see the sea.
From the hill we can have a beautiful view of the sea.
From the hill, there's a beautiful view of the sea.
From the hill, we could see all the buildings in the city.
From the hill, we saw the whole valley spread out below us.
From the hotel, we could see the entire park very clearly.
From the inside, the Earth is very hot.
From the instant that a human being is born, their path is leading them towards death.
From the late nineteen thirties to the late nineteen forties, Bob Feller was called the best pitcher in major league baseball. He threw the ball harder than any other pitcher of his time. He was known for his fastball. People sought to measure its speed using different methods. It was measured at between one hundred fifty-seven and one hundred seventy-two kilometers an hour.
From the look of the cabin, no one lives in it.
From the look of the sky I'm afraid the rain won't let up for a while.
From the look of the sky I’m afraid the rain won’t let up for a while.
From the look of the sky, it may begin to snow tonight.
From the look of the sky, it may rain in the afternoon.
From the look of the sky, the typhoon will probably be raging in all its fury about this time tomorrow.
From the look on his face, I'd say he must've succeeded.
From the look on his face, he is in a bad mood now.
From the look on your face, I can tell that you have good news.
From the look on your face, I wouldn't say it's good news.
From the looks of it, it won't be an easy job.
From the makers of dogs, introducing puppies! Your beloved fluffy friends are now available in a new, adorable form factor!
From the marks upon the bark of the trees, and other indications, he judged that there were numerous bears in the vicinity.
From the marsh at the head of the pond came the clear, mournfully-sweet chorus of the frogs.
From the menu-bar's "Reply" select "create follow-up message". The message you reply to is quoted.
From the menu-bar’s "Reply" select "create follow-up message". The message you reply to is quoted.
From the moment I first laid eyes on him, I knew he was different.
From the moment I left till I came back, he had been hitting the drum without interruption.
From the moment I met you, I knew you were my everything.
From the moment I met you, you captured my heart, and now it beats only for you. I can't live without your love.
From the moment I picked up your book until I laid it down, I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.
From the moment Mary became the boss, she made herself very unpopular with her subordinates.
From the moment he arrived there, he kept on bothering his doctor to tell him when he would be able to go home.
From the moment he arrived, everything changed.
From the moment he saw her, the prince fell desperately in love with her, and all the evening he would dance with no one else but the beautiful stranger.
From the moment he saw him, his heart stopped.
From the moment of his birth, man cannot get along without depending on others.
From the moment that I knew that the university existed, I've wanted to go there.
From the moment that I knew that the university existed, I’ve wanted to go there.
From the moment that I met her, I hated her.
From the moment that the fortress ran out of supplies, its defenders had to surrender.
From the moment we met, I already know you were meant for me.
From the mouths of babes.
From the nature of my subject it was inevitable that the book should be full of technicalities, figures, and statistics, but it has been my endeavour to render the technicalities intelligible, and to prevent the significance of the statistics being obscured by an excess of detail.
From the observation platform, you can just barely make out the town in the distance.
From the ocean meanwhile is emerging Aurora.
From the old ox, the young one learns to plow.
From the outset I was prepared for the worst.
From the outset, this was planned as an unusual kind of workshop.
From the outside came a murmur of guttural voices, or the occasional sound of moccasined feet passing to and fro.
From the outside, her house doesn't seem big.
From the plane, the landscape was just a patchwork of fields.
From the point of view of eternity, "this year" is a very precise point in time.
From the point of view of science, you're right.
From the point of view of the criminal expert,” said Mr. Sherlock Holmes, “London has become a singularly uninteresting city since the death of the late lamented Professor Moriarty.”
From the poisoned tree, all the fruit comes out poisoned.
From the porch he can see 90-year-old raisin vineyards his family has tended since before he was born.
From the position of the wounds on the body, the police could tell that the attacker was left-handed.
From the practical point of view, his plan is not easy to carry out.
From the practical point of view, there are many shortcomings in his plan.
From the prison window Agron saw a bird flying free and felt a burning desire that he had to enjoy freedom too.
From the pulpit, he preached about love and forgiveness.
From the report of the Secretary of the Treasury you will perceive that the fiscal means, present and accruing, are insufficient to supply the wants of the Government for the current year.
From the research results published to date, it can be concluded that the new method will soon be usable in practice.
From the ridge where we stood, we had a good view over the extensive woodland.
From the rising cost of housing, food and commodities to the ongoing pandemic, global warming and shifting geopolitical loyalties, myriad challenges at home and abroad were not lost on Yoon, who up until early spring of last year worked as a career prosecutor and lawyer.
From the rooftop terrace you can see the mountains.
From the root rises the stem. The stem divides itself into boughs and green branches made from leaves.
From the rotten seed comes to us the nutritious fruit.
From the ruins of the Second World War, our nations set out to remake the world -- to build a new international order and the institutions to uphold it. A United Nations to prevent another world war and advance a more just and lasting peace. International financial institutions like the World Bank and International Monetary Fund to promote prosperity for all peoples. A Universal Declaration of Human Rights to advance the “inalienable rights of all members of the human family.”
From the same record we gather that Coleridge's interest in current politics was already keen, and that he was an eager reader, not only of Burke's famous contributions thereto, but even a devourer of all the pamphlets which swarmed during that agitated period from the press.
From the second letter of Saint Paul.
From the side where the sun rises, silk of leaves is falling down.
From the smell alone, I knew we weren't far from the latrines.
From the solemn gloom of the temple children run out to sit in the dust, God watches them play and forgets the priest.
From the sphere emanated some kind of strange glow.
From the spring equinox the days become longer than the nights, and living creatures are becoming full of life.
From the standpoint of architectural design, there can be more alternatives to this approach.
From the standpoint of daily life, however, there is one thing we do know: that man is here for the sake of other men —above all for those upon whose smile and well-being our own happiness depends, and also for the countless unknown souls with whose fate we are connected by a bond of sympathy.
From the standpoint of ecology, Antarctica should be reserved solely for research, not for tourism or for commercial exploration.
From the standpoint of the law, he is free.
From the stars, knowledge.
From the starting position, pawns may advance two spaces.
From the street you come into a big station concourse where the counters are.
From the street you'll come into a big railway station concourse where the ticket office counters are.
From the stuff of dreams, the mind makes egos, fragile and illusory constructions.
From the sublime to the laughable is just one step.
From the suburbs.
From the tall dune I could see over the whole island.
From the telecast this morning, I have learned to my shock that a big fire hit your area.
From the terrace, there was a glorious view of Mont Blanc.
From the terrace, there was a gorgeous view of Mont Blanc.
From the terrace, there was a magnificent view of Mont Blanc.
From the theory of relativity, Einstein has calculated both the transverse and the longitudinal accelerations experienced by a charged body moving in an electromagnetic field.
From the time he got up, his beliefs began to sway.
From the time he was a small boy, Tom knew he wanted to be a policeman.
From the time he was a small boy, Tom knew that he wanted to be a policeman.
From the time she started working in my lab, she wanted to do everything on her own.
From the top of that hill you can see the sea.
From the top of that tall building, you can easily see the city.
From the top of the hill you can see the sea.
From the top of the mountain, Gabor looked at the vast island below him.
From the top of the mountain, you cannot see the mountain.
From the topmost palm frond to the overcolored fungi patching the black earth arrogant Beauty ruled, but to the weary eyes that looked upon her she was become an evil queen.
From the tower you can look out across the plain spread beneath your eyes.
From the tunnel came the muted sound of a train whistle.
From the very beginning of the United States, a large number of people were disenfranchised by design, and this remains true today.
From the very beginning, he wanted to get into politics.
From the very beginning, my brother didn't like her.
From the very first I took a firm and rooted dislike to him.
From the very first time I saw her, I knew she was different.
From the viewpoint of health, Tokyo is not such a good place to live.
From the viewpoint of tissue culture, the environment for this experiment should be more rigidly defined.
From the way Tom speaks, I'd guess he's Canadian.
From the way it looks, it's a suicide.
From the way she looks, I think she is at least 50 years old.
From the way they look, I would say that they failed.
From the way they talked, I presumed they were married.
From the way you talk, I can tell that you aren't well.
From the way you understand me to the way you support my dreams, you've become an integral part of my life. You are truly my everything.
From the words on this list, how many can you understand?
From their enemies, wise men learn many things.
From their home in Virginia, the two launched an emergency appeal on a crowdfunding platform to solicit funds and provide food to some of the most vulnerable Afghans.
From then on, flower fairs were held in Guangzhou during the Spring Festival every year.
From then on, he made it a rule to put T-shirts only on mammals.
From there I continued my way by foot.
From there, one could see perfectly.
From these figures it is clear to see a steady improvement.
From these vantage points, you can easily see the town below.
From these verses, we can see the different description of the same entity: the city, the kingdom, the heavenly Jerusalem, the church, and Mount Zion.
From this central block rose the twin towers, ancient, crenellated, and pierced with many loopholes.
From this day on, everything will change.
From this distance, you can't make out the letters.
From this evidence it follows that he is innocent.
From this evidence, it follows that he is not the criminal.
From this far away the letters can't be made out.
From this moment Elsa's life was that of the ordinary happy child.
From this moment on it is forbidden to cry.
From this moment on, America's decline is over.
From this moment on, Muiriel is 20 years old.
From this period the house of Ravenswood was supposed to have dated its decay.
From this point of view we should say he was right.
From this point of view, a thousand years is a very short time.
From this point of view, you are right.
From this point on, outdoor footwear is prohibited.
From this point on, the story becomes so twisted and grotesque that I can't stop reading it anymore.
From this point onward outdoor footwear is prohibited.
From this point outdoor footwear is prohibited.
From this point the climb became suddenly steep.
From this point the climb suddenly became steep.
From this point we go on to an even more detailed examination of the concept of repression.
From this point, we must proceed with caution.
From this point, we'll go on by car.
From this point, we'll go on foot.
From this standpoint history can be divided into two main epochs.
From this stop onwards, the various tram lines branch off.
From this time the man and his wife lived so happily together that it was a pleasure to see them.
From this very moment on, I will only contribute in Turkish.
From this we can derive the argument that major population shifts are not the result of economic change.
From this you can conclude that feminism is still necessary.
From this, it follows that he is innocent.
From time to time I go there.
From time to time I like to go to the beach.
From time to time he stopped and looked round.
From time to time it happens.
From time to time it may be necessary to test the speed of the turntable to see that there is no variation from the designated speed of 78 revolutions.
From time to time lightning flashes, and thunder rumbles dully.
From time to time she fell into a sort of reverie, and when she was quite alone she would reason thus: "I am ill, and yet I do not know my complaint. I suffer, and yet I bear no wound. I feel afflicted, and yet I have not lost any one of my sheep. I burn, although I am seated in the deep shade. How many times have the brambles torn my skin and yet I did not cry? How many bees have pricked me with their stings and yet I was soon cured? Thus that which has now wounded me in the heart must be keener than all those!"
From time to time she felt an attraction to poetry.
From time to time she looked outside to see whether it was still snowing.
From time to time she stopped and looked round.
From time to time, I still think of her.
From time to time, I think about my mother who is no longer living.
From time to time, I want to relax and forget everything.
From time to time, Yanni encountered oncoming traffic on that desert road.
From time to time, a proposal to pull down a much-loved old building to make room for a new block of flats raises a storm of angry protest.
From time to time, a proposal to pull down a much-loved old building to make room for a new block of flats, raises a storm of angry protest.
From time to time, he goes to Tokyo on business.
From time to time, he goes to the library to get new information about books.
From time to time, he looked outside to see if it was still snowing.
From time to time, she feels an urge to write poetry.
From time to time, shit happens.
From time to time, they arrive out of the blue.
From time to time, they went shopping together.
From time to time.
From tin, tankards are made; from copper, kettles; from lattin, candlesticks; from silver, dollars; from gold, Ducats and Crown pieces.
From today on I wish to be kept precisely informed of my son's every move.
From today on I'm going to start studying.
From today on this ordinance is history.
From today on this regulation is history.
From today on, I'm going to wear a niqab.
From today on, call me Hanako, please.
From today on, the nights will get shorter.
From today on, you won't be allowed to do that.
From today onwards, the nights will become shorter.
From tomorrow I'll be on a diet.
From tomorrow on we can go to work together.
From tomorrow on, I won't smoke anymore.
From tomorrow on, I'll get up earlier.
From tomorrow on, I'll get up early.
From tomorrow on, I'll get up very early.
From tomorrow on, Tom is our new boss.
From tomorrow on, a new life will begin.
From tomorrow this email address will be invalid.
From tomorrow you can go home by train, car, or aeroplane without risks.
From tomorrow you will do it.
From tomorrow, I will no longer smoke.
From tomorrow, it'll snow for a week.
From under his thick brows sternly watched two black little eyes, which stung sharply.
From under the door there curled a little red ribbon of blood, which had meandered across the passage and formed a little pool along the skirting at the other side.
From unpromising beginnings, he went on to become a respected leader.
From week to week, any employee can be let go without any explanation, without even being given a reason.
From what I can tell, Tom and Mary aren't bad people.
From what I can tell, Tom and Mary were right.
From what I can tell, Tom isn't a bad person.
From what I can tell, Tom was right.
From what I have seen, there are not many pedestrians in this area.
From what I hear, we haven't had this much snow in ages.
From what I heard, Tom and Mary don't do that.
From what I heard, Tom does that.
From what I know about Tom, that sounds as likely as anything.
From what I see, I'm not the only one whose guilty pleasure is plum jam.
From what I see, I'm not the only one with plum jam as my guilty pleasure.
From what I understand, those who watch Korean soap operas basically are women with nothing to do.
From what I understood, Yanni swept Skura off her feet.
From what I've heard, I think Tom and Mary are going to get fired.
From what I've heard, I think Tom is going to get fired.
From what I've heard, Tom doesn't do that.
From what I've heard, abiogenesis is a phenomenon where life surges from non-living matter.
From what I've heard, their marriage is on the rocks.
From what I've seen of the product so far, it's pretty good.
From what I’ve heard, I think Tom is going to get fired.
From what I’ve heard, their marriage is on the rocks.
From what I’ve seen of the product so far, it’s pretty good.
From what Tom tells me, we are doing very well this quarter.
From what he says, I don't think we should go.
From what material is the frame of your glasses?
From what material is the jacket made?
From what school did you graduate?
From what stems this contradiction between our hopes and our reality?
From what time to what time is your office open?
From what time to when do you work?
From what we can see, a turtle will be spawned by the mule.
From what you can tell, what subject would he have interest in?
From what?
From when until when is breakfast?
From whence comest thou, and whither art thou bound?
From where are you?
From where did you begin?
From where did you get out?
From where do you hail?
From where do you know him?
From where do you see that?
From where is he?
From where to where are you going?
From where?
From which Surah is this Ayah from?
From which chapter is this verse?
From which city are Marco and Maria? Maria and Marco are from Rome.
From which direction?
From which gate do I board?
From which of these two accounts do you want to draw money?
From which planet are you?
From which platform does the train to Higasikakogawa leave?
From which point?
From which station does the train leave?
From which track does the train to Higashi-Kakogawa leave?
From whom are you expecting help?
From whom did Dejan know the song I've ever sung with my fellow friends from my village?
From whom did Jihan know that Nel has a loving relationship with another person?
From whom did you find that out?
From whom did you hear that rumour?
From whom did you inherit such beauty?
From whom did you learn that?
From whom?
From whose hand should I take something?
From within her wrinkle furrowed face two alert and inquisitive eyes looked at me.
From year to year they were growing poorer.
From year to year, pollution is worsening.
From year to year, pollution problems are becoming more and more serious.
From you I didn't expect it!
From your conversation in Hebrew, I caught only two words.
From your lips to God's ear.
From your lips to God's ears!
From your lips to God's ears.
From your lips to God’s ears, I thought to myself.
From your lips we are long waiting for a word of trust.
From your parents you learn love and laughter and how to put one foot before the other.
From zoology has arisen the study of transformism, which now dominates the whole of biology.
Front Street Gym has been training boxers for over 50 years. Teaching boxers from a very young age the art of fighting and how to use those endorphins to keep them out of trouble outside of class.
Front a distance, Rodrigo watched as Rima was getting captured.
Front disc brakes were a new option this year.
Frontage roads are universal in Texas.
Frontier justice was swift.
Frontline workers bear the brunt of the pandemic’s risk.
Froome rode a special yellow bike to match his yellow leader's jersey, helmet, gloves and shoes.
Frost has damaged the flowers.
Frost is a kind of crystallized dew that forms when water passes from vapor to solid without passing through the liquid state.
Frost is a layer of ice crystals.
Frost is frozen dew.
Frost rendered the earth rigid.
Frost tormented her terribly.
Frost touched the flower.
Frost touched the flowers.
Frosted tips are making a comeback.
Frozen water is called ice; dew congealed is called frost.
Fructose is a toxin.
Frugal but not stingy!
Frugality is a virtue.
Frugality is not stinginess.
Frugality with diligence builds houses like castles.
Fruit and vegetable prices fell yesterday.
Fruit and vegetable sellers, along with fishmongers, try to drum up business in Istanbul’s old Kadikoy market. But trade is slow. Most people just look and walk on.
Fruit and vegetables are a good source of vitamins, minerals and fibre.
Fruit and vegetables are good for your health, but we don't know why.
Fruit and vegetables should make up over a third of the food we eat each day.
Fruit flies like bananas.
Fruit gives me gas.
Fruit is a food and is good.
Fruit is bountiful this summer.
Fruit is healthier than chocolate.
Fruit is healthy.
Fruit is rich in vitamins.
Fruit is the only thing Tom will eat.
Fruit is very good for your body.
Fruit is very healthy.
Fruit juice is fattening.
Fruit juice is very unhealthy.
Fruit orchards dominate much of the landscape.
Fruit tends to rot right away.
Fruit that has been left for a long time will shrink.
Fruit trees require a large amount of space in which to grow.
Fruit was a lot less expensive before the country's entry into the EU.
Fruit, milk and sports are very beneficial to health.
Fruitarians eat only fruit.
Fruits and trees emerge from the ground using water and sunlight.
Fruits and vegetables are essential to a balanced diet.
Fruits and vegetables in season are both inexpensive and delicious.
Fruits are picked from fruit-bearing trees. The apple is round. The pear and the fig are somewhat long.
Fruits are rich in vitamins and minerals.
Fruits come from flowers.
Fruits decay in the sun.
Fruits have seeds in them.
Fruits spoil in the sun.
Fruits tend to decay soon.
Fruits tend to rot quickly.
Frustrated at not being the exclusive object of her desires anymore, Tom demoted Mary.
Frustrated by the appearance of the pimple, Rodrigo resorted to squeezing it in an attempt to make it disappear.
Frustrated by the ticket, the driver furiously kicked the parking meter.
Frustrated people often get angry.
Frustrated with the European languages, which he considered "too boring", Christopher Columbus invented "Columbian", a language so complicated that only he could speak it.
Frustrated, Anna decided to turn off all the lights in her room, hoping that the fly would be attracted to the lights outside.
Frustrated, Tom looked around the room.
Frustration crossed his gaze.
Frustration levels are high.
Frustration showed on Tom's face.
Frustration will fester at the kingdom.
Fry an egg for me.
Fry four cloves of garlic until brown.
Fry four cloves of garlic.
Fry me an egg, will you?
Fry me an egg.
Fry me some eggs.
Fry the breasts to a golden brown.
Fry the eggs in oil.
Fry them on both sides until golden brown.
Fry us some eggs.
Fry yourself an egg.
Fry.
Frédéric Chopin created his first musical composition when he was seven.
Frédéric Chopin was a Polish composer and pianist of the Romantic era.
Frédéric Chopin wrote his first composition at age seven.
Fuck America!
Fuck Bill Gates.
Fuck Christmas!
Fuck Joe Biden.
Fuck Prigozhin and Putin.
Fuck Tom!
Fuck Trump.
Fuck all.
Fuck around and find out.
Fuck authority!
Fuck bill gates.
Fuck bitcoin.
Fuck borders.
Fuck both of you!
Fuck both of you.
Fuck civility.
Fuck everybody.
Fuck everything.
Fuck him.
Fuck if I know.
Fuck it.
Fuck knows what that means.
Fuck knows why he did that.
Fuck knows.
Fuck me harder.
Fuck me in the ass.
Fuck me thoroughly.
Fuck me.
Fuck my life!
Fuck my life.
Fuck neutrality!
Fuck off!
Fuck off, Ziri.
Fuck off, you stupid idiot!
Fuck off.
Fuck that shit.
Fuck that!
Fuck that.
Fuck the Biden administration.
Fuck the Founding Fathers!
Fuck the New York Times.
Fuck the President.
Fuck the Queen!
Fuck the Queen.
Fuck the World Economic Forum.
Fuck the haters.
Fuck the king.
Fuck the law.
Fuck the motherfucker.
Fuck the patriarchy.
Fuck the police!
Fuck the police.
Fuck the politicians.
Fuck the rules.
Fuck the state.
Fuck the system!
Fuck the system.
Fuck the troops!
Fuck the universe.
Fuck them all.
Fuck them and their laws.
Fuck them.
Fuck these autoimmune bullshit diseases! Fuck you, Monsanto!
Fuck this beard! It itches!
Fuck this door and everything it stands for! Open!
Fuck this door! Why won't it just open like it's supposed to?
Fuck this shit.
Fuck this teacher with his new rules.
Fuck this, I'm done, spent way too much money.
Fuck this.
Fuck unity.
Fuck urban renewal.
Fuck yeah!
Fuck you all to hell!
Fuck you all.
Fuck you and the horse you rode in on!
Fuck you and your arugula.
Fuck you!
Fuck you! I don't believe you.
Fuck you, asshole.
Fuck you, motherfucker!
Fuck you, motherfucker.
Fuck you, nigger.
Fuck you, you son of a bitch.
Fuck you.
Fuck you. This is my opinion.
Fuck your YouTube channel.
Fuck your academic career.
Fuck your advice.
Fuck your arrogance.
Fuck your book.
Fuck your books.
Fuck your career.
Fuck your city.
Fuck your classes.
Fuck your comments.
Fuck your conditions.
Fuck your country.
Fuck your dad.
Fuck your daddy.
Fuck your degrees.
Fuck your dog.
Fuck your e-mails.
Fuck your experience.
Fuck your girlfriend.
Fuck your guns!
Fuck your guys's opinion.
Fuck your help.
Fuck your ideas.
Fuck your laws.
Fuck your lectures.
Fuck your mama, bastard.
Fuck your mentality.
Fuck your mom, bastard.
Fuck your mom, bitch.
Fuck your mom.
Fuck your mother!
Fuck your mother, bastard.
Fuck your mother.
Fuck your music.
Fuck your old mother!
Fuck your opinion.
Fuck your opinions.
Fuck your philosophy.
Fuck your principles.
Fuck your project.
Fuck your projects.
Fuck your religion.
Fuck your requirements.
Fuck your resume.
Fuck your suggestions.
Fuck your teachings.
Fuck your thoughts.
Fuck your town.
Fuck your way of thinking.
Fuck your websites.
Fuck your work.
Fuck yourself!
Fuck yourself.
Fuck!
Fuck, I can't sleep because those damn owls are screeching so loudly.
Fuck, I cannot sleep because those damned owls are hooting so loudly.
Fuck, I just bought a new rug and the cat already puked on it.
Fuck, they're as dumb as a bag of hammers.
Fuck, they're as dumb as a box of rocks.
Fuck, they're as dumb as rocks.
Fuck, they're dumb as a bag of hammers.
Fuck, they're dumb as a box of rocks.
Fuck, they're dumb as rocks.
Fuck, they're so dumb.
Fuck, we're old!
Fuck, what a pity!
Fuck, what kind of asshole calls people in the middle of the night?
Fuck, you broke it!
Fuck.
Fuck. I'm about to come already.
Fuck. I’m about to come already.
Fuckin' asshole!
Fuckin' earthquake was terrible!
Fuckin' slow-ass computer. Fuck this! I ain't doin' shit anymore.
Fucking Corona!
Fucking asshole!
Fucking cat!
Fucking damn it!
Fucking dog!
Fucking door! What's your problem? Open!
Fucking finally!
Fucking heat wave!
Fucking hell fire!
Fucking hell!
Fucking hell, what idiot dare phone me in the middle of the night?
Fucking hell.
Fucking pig.
Fucking whore.
Fuckin’ asshole!
Fudge is not at all healthy, but it sure is amazingly tasty.
Fudge! My stocking's run.
Fudge! My stocking’s run.
Fuel economy is a big advantage of this car.
Fuel oil, gasoline and kerosene are extracted from petroleum.
Fuel-efficient vehicles can reduce pollution.
Fujita Scale is the scale that measures the strength of tornadoes based upon wind speed.
Fukui Prefecture's capital is Fukui City.
Fukuoka Prefecture's capital is Fukuoka City.
Fukuoka is very typical of the kind of town I like.
Fukushima Prefecture's capital is Fukushima City.
Fulfill your duty.
Full ahead!
Full astern!
Full body scanners perform a virtual strip search.
Full body scanners were installed at the airport.
Full disclaimer: I am not *actually* a medical doctor.
Full ears of grain bow down in humility, but empty ones hold their heads high.
Full many an evil, through the mindful hate / of cruel Juno, from the gods he bore, / much tost on earth and ocean.
Full of dread, Ziri turned to leave.
Full of pure kerosene, that small lamp could be lit for several days.
Full oxidation gives black tea its deep, robust flavor and dark amber color.
Full religious freedom is assured to all people.
Full screen.
Full speed ahead!
Full speed astern!
Full stop!
Full-time day care for two pre-school children in the U.S. can cost $35,000 a year or more.
Fullmetal Alchemist is Tom's favorite anime.
Fully automatic story generation remains an unsolved problem for computer scientists.
Fully booked for the night, the hotel had to turn away some late guests.
Fumes from charcoal and kerosene contribute to respiratory diseases. They also produce carbon emissions that are heating up Earth's atmosphere.
Fun and games are over.
Fun became earnest. Earnest is now four years old.
Fun fact, baking powder expires every few years so you should always use fresh.
Fun fact: William has a hidden talent for singing and playing guitar.
Fun fact: William is a big fan of science fiction movies and enjoys watching them in his free time.
Fun fact: William's favorite hobby is playing video games.
Fun is everywhere.
Fun isn't always funny.
Fun parties never had any kind of appeal to me.
Fun time is over.
Fun was his main priority in life.
Funafuti is the capital of Tuvalu.
Functions have no side effects.
Fundamental instincts will not go away.
Fundamentally, you're not practicing anything by translating, so even if you say that you can't do it, once you've set your sights on a similar sentence you've seen before that is more natural yet does not quite convey the original sentence's nuances, translation proves to be an act that is quite addicting.
Fundamentals are important.
Funding for this program was provided by the following sponsors.
Funding has increased.
Funding remains an issue.
Funeral arrangements are pending.
Funeral pomp is more for the vanity of the living than for the honor of the dead.
Funeral services will take place in the cathedral.
Fung imagines a scenario where a social media post with a celebrity in a red dress gets 500,000 "likes." An alert goes to a retailer that this item is trending. Within hours, a digital sample of a similar dress is on its website. A factory can start to produce the dress in days.
Fungi are closer to animals than to plants.
Fungi disperse spores.
Fungi talk, but it's mostly a mix of nonsense and penetrating insight into your life.
Funnel web spiders are considered one of the world’s deadliest and are indigenous to New South Wales.
Funnel-web spiders can be extremely aggressive.
Funnily enough, his peculiar behaviour didn't seem weird to me at all at first; well, maybe it did seem a bit odd.
Funny Kittens International is a US 501(c)(3) non-profit organisation dedicated to the development of cat videos.
Funny how prostitutes think they're psychologists these days.
Funny how? Funny ha-ha or funny odd?
Funny!
Funny, I don't remember that.
Funny, isn't it?
Funny, we all have diarrhea.
Funny, while you were sleeping, I was also not working and sleeping too.
Funny, you look so much older tonight.
Funny... Someone just added the sentence that I mentioned to you this afternoon.
Funtensee is known as the coldest place in Germany.
Fur coats are expensive.
Fur coats are on sale.
Fur protects animals from the cold.
Fur provides animals protection against the cold.
Furious, William began kicking the door.
Furnishing a new apartment costs a lot.
Furnishing a new apartment imposes large expenses.
Furnishing a new apartment requires large expenditures.
Furnishing a new flat costs a packet.
Furniture made of good materials sells well.
Furniture was dusty.
Furries are not monsters. Get that out of your system.
Furries as a whole are hard to define, because they take on so many forms and roles. Some are artists, others are role-players, and others are just fans of it all.
Furries face psychological hurdles in learning Spanish.
Furries, and why they like what they like, can be hard for others to understand. Other things in life are also hard to understand even for ourselves, like why we like what we like.
Furrowed eyebrows signify wh-questions in most sign languages.
Furry enthusiasts assert that popular media portrayals have told a very misleading story about their fandom.
Furry rabbits are so cute.
Fursuits are an amazing concept, but they cost too much.
Fursuits are basically mascot suits.
Further analysis is required.
Further analysis of the prints suggests that they actually belonged to a bipedal crocodile.
Further assistance is not forthcoming.
Further details are presented below.
Further discussion of this topic is unlikely to be beneficial.
Further down the mountain, the villagers were celebrating the snow's disappearance.
Further elaboration or ornament would only detract from the perfection of its simplicity.
Further investigation is required.
Further investigation will offer many opportunities to obtain more valuable knowledge of the ocean.
Further pilot schemes are already planned.
Further problems soon arose.
Further research is needed before a carbon nanotube biosensor for salmonella is available commercially.
Further research was planned but not completed, due to lack of funding.
Further study will prove that the theory is right.
Further testing is needed.
Further testing is required.
Further than that they dared not go.
Further than that they durst not go.
Further to the north, a bridge leads across the river.
Further, human thought as expressed in literature is not an unconnected series of phases; it is one and indivisible.
Furthermore, I believe that Carthage must be destroyed.
Furthermore, I believe that the filibuster must be destroyed.
Furthermore, I can fly.
Furthermore, I don't know how to dance.
Furthermore, I still don't think this a huge cultural difference.
Furthermore, I still don’t think this a huge cultural difference.
Furthermore, I think that Australia must be destroyed.
Furthermore, each cell in the human body belongs to one out of many classes.
Furthermore, even after the company information session, we sometimes hold company tours.
Furthermore, experiments were never carried out against the rules but were performed always well within them - otherwise they would not be recognized as experiments at all.
Furthermore, in order to defeat Ganon, Link mends the eight scattered fragments of the triforce of wisdom, in order to have the magic triangle.
Furthermore, it was a magical moment of total symbiosis.
Furthermore, no distinction shall be made on the basis of the political, jurisdictional or international status of the country or territory to which a person belongs, whether it be independent, trust, non-self-governing or under any other limitation of sovereignty.
Furthermore, she actually reacts to the trolls! Anyone who has spent any time online knows that this is like trying to put out a fire with gasoline.
Furthermore, the frog’s external appearance and skeletal shape add to its distinctiveness.
Furthermore, their governments were not amalgamated in the same regions.
Fury and avarice are dangerous.
Fury brings out weapons.
Futons are our bedding.
Future generations will admire your statue.
Future missions would return these samples to Earth for deeper study.
Future prospects for ASEAN seem unstable, no matter how you look at it.
Future will be good for all good people.
Future-proof your life by learning as much as you can about technology!
Futureworld with Peter Fonda was a movie about a resort featuring simulated Martian skiing.
Futurists try to predict how changes in the world will impact society.
Futurologists have fun pondering about what is to come.
Futurology includes notions of probabilities.
Fuzzy logic has been applied to many fields, from control theory to artificial intelligence.
Fuzzy logic maps a spectrum of logical states onto the unit interval, which may then be divided into regions by fuzzy hedges.
Fyodor accidentally smashed the axe on his ankle.
Fyodor agreed to give Rima a ride to Algiers.
Fyodor agreed to keep his culture intact.
Fyodor almost died on his trip.
Fyodor also witnessed what happened that night.
Fyodor always wanted to be around Walid.
Fyodor and Anna both need some sleep.
Fyodor and Anna exchanged puzzled glances.
Fyodor and Anna excitedly chattered about all the memories they created during their trip to Algeria.
Fyodor and Anna have been planning this camping trip for months.
Fyodor and Anna huddled together.
Fyodor and Anna just stared at each other.
Fyodor and Anna played some board games.
Fyodor and Anna went camping at the same spot.
Fyodor and Anna were both in their early forties.
Fyodor and Anna were confused and looked at each other, wondering what was happening.
Fyodor and Anna were sharing a tent.
Fyodor and Anna were talking to each other through their tents.
Fyodor and Rima accused each other in front of Walid.
Fyodor and Rima are not the killers.
Fyodor and Rima are planning to get married soon.
Fyodor and Rima became good friends.
Fyodor and Rima can go and have sex.
Fyodor and Rima danced while Walid sang for them.
Fyodor and Rima get along well.
Fyodor and Rima had a huge argument.
Fyodor and Rima had sexual intercourse.
Fyodor and Rima instantly liked each other.
Fyodor and Rima locked eyes with Rima.
Fyodor and Rima made love.
Fyodor and Rima need to unite together.
Fyodor and Rima spent some quality time together.
Fyodor and Rima started liking each other.
Fyodor and Rima started working together.
Fyodor and Rima told their parents about their decision to marry.
Fyodor and Rima went to a club where they danced.
Fyodor and Rima went to the mosque together.
Fyodor and Rima were hanging out in the lounge area.
Fyodor and Rima were left alone in a room.
Fyodor and Rima were talking about different things.
Fyodor and Walid hung out practically nonstop in the park.
Fyodor and his friends are from different countries and ethnicities.
Fyodor and his friends separated to return to their homes.
Fyodor and his mother spent some quality time together.
Fyodor answered all the questions nonchalantly.
Fyodor appeared to be a nice person.
Fyodor applied for a scholarship program.
Fyodor approached Anna's tent with caution.
Fyodor approached Rima and complimented her.
Fyodor arrived along with some cops.
Fyodor arrived in Algeria, too.
Fyodor arrived in a desert with no trees in sight.
Fyodor arrived in a forest.
Fyodor arrived in an RV before Anna.
Fyodor arrived just as the sun began to retreat.
Fyodor arrived to pick Rima up.
Fyodor arrived to the cabin.
Fyodor asked Anna again if she could hear that sound.
Fyodor asked Anna if she wanted to go to Algiers with him.
Fyodor asked Rima about Walid.
Fyodor asked Rima about her dream in life.
Fyodor asked Rima how the meeting with the boss went.
Fyodor asked Rima if she had ever kissed a boy before.
Fyodor asked Rima to get dressed immediately.
Fyodor asked Rima to kill herself.
Fyodor asked Rima to leave with him.
Fyodor asked Rima to never invade his privacy again.
Fyodor asked Rima to read the article out loud.
Fyodor asked Rima to sign a paper.
Fyodor asked Rima what she was doing.
Fyodor asked for money.
Fyodor asked his father for money.
Fyodor asked his parents to come get him.
Fyodor asked how it happened.
Fyodor asked the principal for permission to continue coming to school.
Fyodor auditioned in front of the best musicians in the country.
Fyodor basically stayed at Walid's house the entire time.
Fyodor became eerily silent.
Fyodor became happy after listening to Rima’s idea.
Fyodor began making loud noises.
Fyodor began running back towards Anna's tent.
Fyodor began to call out for help.
Fyodor began to fall back asleep.
Fyodor began yelling loudly.
Fyodor bought a bunch of fireworks.
Fyodor bought a coffin.
Fyodor bought a house for himself.
Fyodor broke down crying, saying that it was all his fault.
Fyodor broke into the house.
Fyodor brought a dung beetle home.
Fyodor brought his own lunchbox to school.
Fyodor bumped into a woman who asked him where he was going.
Fyodor burst into tears after hearing a few verses of the Quran.
Fyodor called Anna multiple times at the salon.
Fyodor called for a ride.
Fyodor called his mom to come get us.
Fyodor called his parents and they drove him home.
Fyodor calls Rima a human computer.
Fyodor calls himself Spider-Man.
Fyodor calmly drove the truck down the dirt path.
Fyodor came on a cold night.
Fyodor came outside to see Rima.
Fyodor came running onto the path.
Fyodor came to court.
Fyodor came to get his waffles.
Fyodor came to meet Rima.
Fyodor came to see Rima in her office.
Fyodor came to see Rima.
Fyodor came to take his pancakes.
Fyodor camped in his RV.
Fyodor camped in the remote mountains, far from civilization.
Fyodor can solve any mathematical problem.
Fyodor can start a new life.
Fyodor can trust Rima.
Fyodor can't come to Algeria.
Fyodor cancelled the wedding.
Fyodor cannot let Rima take away the child.
Fyodor carried his canoe to the cabin.
Fyodor carried his canoe to the next lake.
Fyodor caught the dung beetle and put it in a matchbox.
Fyodor chanted in a language Anna couldn't understand.
Fyodor checked Anna's bag.
Fyodor checks out Rima’s stuff on her YouTube channel.
Fyodor chose to play the piano.
Fyodor chose to spend the rest of the evening at the campsite.
Fyodor claimed his innocence.
Fyodor collected his items.
Fyodor collected his things.
Fyodor comes to see Rima at different times.
Fyodor complained of stomach pain.
Fyodor continued his journey through Algeria.
Fyodor continued on his track.
Fyodor continued on.
Fyodor continued the journey.
Fyodor continued to run around Anna's tent.
Fyodor continued to stare at Anna from a distance.
Fyodor continued to text Rima.
Fyodor convinced Rima to come as well.
Fyodor copied the handwriting of Rima.
Fyodor could be a suspect, too.
Fyodor could feel the tension building with every passing second.
Fyodor could hardly handle that pain.
Fyodor could hear the fear in Anna's scream.
Fyodor could only hear the distant sound of an engine.
Fyodor could only see Anna's eyes.
Fyodor could see everyone.
Fyodor could see the man's shadow following him.
Fyodor could sense real fear in Anna's voice.
Fyodor couldn't find what was making that noise.
Fyodor couldn't get himself to do that.
Fyodor couldn't ignore that feeling like he was being watched.
Fyodor couldn't use the grinder.
Fyodor couldn't wait to explore new places in Algeria.
Fyodor couldn’t bear it.
Fyodor crawled into his tent.
Fyodor creates bizarre stories about his wife.
Fyodor crossed a lake called "Anna."
Fyodor cut his curls.
Fyodor cut some trees.
Fyodor cut the rope with a cutter.
Fyodor cut the rope.
Fyodor cut the trees.
Fyodor decided to come back.
Fyodor decided to confront the intruder.
Fyodor decided to embrace Islam.
Fyodor decided to go camping for a week in northern Algeria.
Fyodor decided to go there to support Rima.
Fyodor decided to hike that trail.
Fyodor decided to leave the house.
Fyodor decided to pack up, cutting his camping trip short.
Fyodor decided to run away.
Fyodor decided to spend the night there.
Fyodor decided to stay for the night.
Fyodor decided to stay quiet.
Fyodor decided to stay there.
Fyodor decided to take a road trip to Bejaia, Algeria.
Fyodor decided to take a walk into the woods.
Fyodor decided to turn in for bed.
Fyodor decided to venture off the beaten path.
Fyodor decided to wait until the next day.
Fyodor demanded Rima to call him master.
Fyodor denied all those accusations.
Fyodor desperately held on to hope for survival.
Fyodor developed a sleepwalking habit at camp.
Fyodor did a video.
Fyodor did not disturb his roommate.
Fyodor did one last look around before crawling into his tent.
Fyodor did some sightseeing.
Fyodor didn't bring any weapons to protect himself.
Fyodor didn't chase Anna.
Fyodor didn't dare to turn around and face the man.
Fyodor didn't even attempt to move.
Fyodor didn't find a spot to set up camp.
Fyodor didn't have a clear enough view to make sure where what he saw was a person or an animal.
Fyodor didn't have any gas money.
Fyodor didn't have anything on him.
Fyodor didn't pack his hiking shoes.
Fyodor didn't put out his campfire.
Fyodor didn't realize he was on private land.
Fyodor didn't really like camping.
Fyodor didn't respond until after an hour.
Fyodor didn't see a single other person on the path.
Fyodor didn't turn his lights on.
Fyodor didn't want to get into another fight.
Fyodor didn't want to go camping with his father.
Fyodor didn't waste any time getting out of there.
Fyodor didn’t abandon Rima.
Fyodor didn’t even read the script.
Fyodor didn’t let Rima in.
Fyodor didn’t reciprocate Rima’s emotions.
Fyodor didn’t remember what happened the night before.
Fyodor didn’t reveal anything.
Fyodor didn’t reveal the reason Rima was being transferred.
Fyodor didn’t want to talk to Rima.
Fyodor disappeared into the night.
Fyodor discovered a lifeless body sprawled across the floor of the cabin.
Fyodor displayed his talent in front of many scientists.
Fyodor does a lot of small camping adventures in Algeria.
Fyodor doesn't know what Anna was doing out there.
Fyodor doesn't look like the hiking type.
Fyodor doesn't remember the name of the summer camp.
Fyodor doesn't want to get in trouble for that.
Fyodor doesn’t feel bad.
Fyodor doesn’t have to attend school as he’s a genius.
Fyodor doesn’t remember what happened last night.
Fyodor doesn’t sleep well at houses that aren’t his own.
Fyodor doesn’t talk to people outside his religion.
Fyodor doesn’t want to go down without a fight.
Fyodor doesn’t want to live away from Rima.
Fyodor drank the hot chocolate that Rima made for Walid.
Fyodor drove a really long way from town to get there.
Fyodor drove away from the campground.
Fyodor drove back to Algiers as quickly as he could.
Fyodor drove his RV everywhere.
Fyodor drove his gray Ford Focus.
Fyodor drove straight to the nearest police station.
Fyodor drove to the mountains.
Fyodor dug with a shovel.
