I've told you this many times before.
I've told you this story before, haven't I?
I've told you three million times not to exaggerate.
I've told you three times before, so listen carefully!
I've told you what I know.
I've told you what I know. It's the truth.
I've told you what I think.
I've told you what to do.
I've told you what you must do.
I've told you what you need to know.
I've told you where to meet us.
I've torn up all the letters you've written.
I've tortured the prisoners.
I've totally forgotten.
I've totally messed this up.
I've trained for months.
I've trained for this.
I've trained my dog to come when I whistle.
I've trained my whole life for this.
I've translated several books into French.
I've translated the text for you as requested. I hope you're pleased with the result.
I've translated three French novels into English.
I've traveled a lot for work.
I've traveled all over Australia.
I've traveled all over Russia.
I've traveled around Europe.
I've traveled many times.
I've travelled much for work.
I've travelled through the whole of Russia.
I've travelled throughout Europe.
I've tried Controls, but they seem a little tighter to me than Durexes.
I've tried adding a few sentences in response to your request.
I've tried and helped him out in everyway I could possibly think of but it seems to have made no difference whatsoever after all.
I've tried being nice.
I've tried being patient, but your lack of responsibility is driving me crazy!
I've tried blintz once. It was very delicious.
I've tried calling Tom all day, but his phone is always busy.
I've tried calling Tom all day, but the line is busy.
I've tried calling Tom several times.
I've tried calling him all day, but the line is busy.
I've tried contacting Tom several times.
I've tried different remedies for my itching asshole.
I've tried doing it a number of times.
I've tried doing it that way already.
I've tried doing that already.
I've tried doing that before.
I've tried doing that many times.
I've tried doing that once.
I've tried doing that several times.
I've tried doing that that way already.
I've tried doing that three times.
I've tried doing that.
I've tried every diet that has ever been published and I still haven't lost weight.
I've tried every means imaginable.
I've tried everything I can think of.
I've tried everything I know of.
I've tried everything I know to cheer him up.
I've tried everything I know.
I've tried everything already.
I've tried everything else.
I've tried everything to stop Tom.
I've tried everything, but not that.
I've tried everything.
I've tried hard to be patient.
I've tried innumerable times to contact Tom.
I've tried it already.
I've tried it and it works like a dream.
I've tried it for a few days, and I'm pretty sure you won't love it.
I've tried it on several occasions.
I've tried it several times.
I've tried it.
I've tried many different ways to do that.
I've tried many times to contact Tom.
I've tried meditation.
I've tried phoning her.
I've tried phoning him.
I've tried reasoning with him but he just won't listen.
I've tried ringing her.
I've tried ringing him.
I've tried ringing, but the number was engaged.
I've tried several times to contact him.
I've tried sleeping with that new pillow you gave me, but I don't like it.
I've tried swimming in the river.
I've tried talking her out a million times, but she definitely wants the divorce.
I've tried that already.
I've tried that.
I've tried them all.
I've tried this before.
I've tried to banish the memory of him crying.
I've tried to be reasonable.
I've tried to be your friend.
I've tried to blot out the memory of him crying.
I've tried to call her but she won't answer the phone.
I've tried to contact Tom several times.
I've tried to contact Tom.
I've tried to contact her.
I've tried to contact him several times.
I've tried to contact him.
I've tried to contact them.
I've tried to contact you.
I've tried to convince Tom to do that.
I've tried to discourage Tom from doing that.
I've tried to do my duty.
I've tried to do that once.
I've tried to do that three times.
I've tried to do that, but I just can't do it.
I've tried to do that, but haven't been able to.
I've tried to do that.
I've tried to explain it to Tom.
I've tried to figure this out, but I can't.
I've tried to get along with Tom, but it's impossible.
I've tried to get along with her, but it's impossible.
I've tried to get on with my life.
I've tried to help Tom do that.
I've tried to imagine life on the moon.
I've tried to keep the love flame alive in our couple, but the passion slowly died out.
I've tried to keep things exciting in my mariage but it just wasn't enough.
I've tried to phone her.
I've tried to phone him.
I've tried to reason with Tom.
I've tried to reason with her.
I've tried to reason with him.
I've tried to reason with them.
I've tried to reason with you.
I've tried to ring her.
I've tried to ring him.
I've tried to speak Italian to him.
I've tried to stop multitasking.
I've tried to talk to Tom about that.
I've tried to talk to Tom.
I've tried to talk to her.
I've tried to talk to him.
I've tried to tell her.
I've tried to warn you.
I've tried, but without success.
I've tried.
I've triumphed over that coward.
I've troubled you!
I've turned email notifications back off.
I've turned email notifications back on.
I've turned into a robot.
I've turned into the most annoying type of student.
I've turned off most of the lights to save power.
I've turned over a new leaf.
I've two hours yet before leaving.
I've underestimated the strength of my opponent.
I've understood hardly anything.
I've understood what he said.
I've understood. I won't involve myself with this case.
I've unfortunately lost interest in this topic.
I've unlinked the Japanese sentence since it didn't have the same meaning as this sentence.
I've updated the blog entry.
I've upset you.
I've used it myself.
I've used up all the toothpaste.
I've used up my Q-tips.
I've used up my wages, but I have my bank account to fall back on.
I've used up three notebooks.
I've verified the identity of the victim.
I've visited Australia a few times.
I've visited Australia as well.
I've visited Australia before.
I've visited Australia many times.
I've visited Australia once.
I've visited Australia several times.
I've visited Australia three times.
I've visited Australia twice.
I've visited Australia, too.
I've visited Australia.
I've visited Boston a few times.
I've visited Boston as well.
I've visited Boston before.
I've visited Boston many times.
I've visited Boston once.
I've visited Boston three times.
I've visited Boston twice.
I've visited Boston two times.
I've visited Boston with Tom.
I've visited Boston, too.
I've visited Boston.
I've visited Kyoto twice.
I've visited Nara.
I've visited Tom a number of times in Boston.
I've visited Tom multiple times in Boston.
I've visited a lot of countries, but Japan is still without a doubt the best.
I've visited many countries, but I like Japan best of all.
I've visited many parts of England.
I've visited more than ten cities outside the country so far.
I've visited my father's grave.
I've visited the Louvre a hundred times now!
I've visited the village before.
I've visited the village once.
I've visited the village.
I've voted Republican for the last fifteen years.
I've wagered everything I own.
I've waited a long time for this day.
I've waited a long time for this to happen.
I've waited a long time for this.
I've waited a long time to do this.
I've waited a long time, what seems like ages.
I've waited a long time.
I've waited all my life for this day.
I've waited all of my life.
I've waited as long as possible.
I've waited for a month.
I've waited for her all my life.
I've waited for it.
I've waited for more than a week.
I've waited for this my whole life.
I've waited for this too long.
I've waited for three days.
I've waited for three hours already.
I've waited for you a long time.
I've waited for you.
I've waited forever for this day to come.
I've waited long enough.
I've waited my whole life for this.
I've waited one hour and a half.
I've waited so long for this to happen.
I've waited so long for this.
I've waited so long.
I've waited too long already.
I've waited too long for this.
I've waited too long.
I've waited two whole hours. I can't wait any longer.
I've waited two years for it.
I've waited two years for this.
I've walked for a very long time now, a very long time indeed.
I've wanted Andrew Cuomo to resign since 2016, and today I got my wish.
I've wanted this CD player for a long time.
I've wanted this car for a long time.
I've wanted this car.
I've wanted this for a long time.
I've wanted this for so long.
I've wanted to ask you out for a long time.
I've wanted to be a painter for a long time.
I've wanted to be a professional musician ever since I was thirteen.
I've wanted to be a professional musician for a long time.
I've wanted to do this for months.
I've wanted to do this for so long.
I've wanted to do this for years.
I've wanted to fly ever since I was a kid.
I've wanted to go to Algeria for a long time.
I've wanted to go to Australia for years.
I've wanted to go to Boston for years.
I've wanted to kiss you from the moment I saw you.
I've wanted to meet him for a long time.
I've wanted to meet you for a long time.
I've wanted to say it for so long.
I've wanted to see this movie for a long time.
I've wanted to tell her that I love her for a long time now.
I've wanted to tell you this for a long time: Your cynical jokes are unbearable.
I've wanted to tell you this for some time.
I've wanted to visit you for a long time.
I've wanted to work as a carpenter ever since I helped my grandfather build his house.
I've warned Tom about that.
I've warned Tom many times not to do that.
I've warned Tom not to do that.
I've warned Tom several times not to go there.
I've warned him several times.
I've warned you about this many times.
I've warned you before about this.
I've warned you over and over again not to do it.
I've washed the car.
I've wasted a lot of time.
I've wasted a number of years trying to change people who didn't want to change.
I've wasted my money.
I've watched Tom carefully.
I've watched all of these movies.
I've watched many French movies.
I've watched television.
I've watched that video three times.
I've watched this movie several times.
I've watched you.
I've watered all the flowers.
I've whistled to birds ever since I could pucker up my lips, and father taught me how—didn't you, father dear?
I've wiped the table.
I've woken up and I intend to prepare my breakfast.
I've won 50 dollars!
I've won a free trip to Australia.
I've won a free trip to Boston.
I've won first prize!
I've won my way into University. Now it's time to study like a champ.
I've won the lottery.
I've won the race.
I've won three dresses, one white and two green.
I've won three times.
I've won.
I've wondered for a long time why Tom would always stare at me with a frown on his face.
I've worked all day, so that I am very tired.
I've worked all my life.
I've worked all night.
I've worked as a waiter for three years.
I've worked extremely hard.
I've worked for Tom.
I've worked hard all my life.
I've worked hard my entire life.
I've worked hard.
I've worked here for many years.
I've worked here for ten years.
I've worked here for three weeks.
I've worked here for three years.
I've worked in Australia.
I've worked in Boston.
I've worked in IT for thirteen years, and I've never seen a computer catch fire just like that.
I've worked out a good plan.
I've worked out every word in the crossword bar the last one.
I've worked really hard.
I've worked so hard.
I've worked three hours already.
I've worked very hard.
I've worked with Tom a long time.
I've worked with Tom before.
I've worked with Tom for three years.
I've worked with Tom.
I've worked with a lot of people.
I've worked with her.
I've worked with him.
I've worked with many people over the last few years, including several graduate students.
I've worked with them.
I've worked with you before, haven't I?
I've worn glasses since the age of thirteen.
I've worn holes in my socks.
I've worn out my shoes.
I've worn out the shoes.
I've worn out two pairs of shoes this year.
I've wrapped the presents.
I've written a couple of Christmas songs.
I've written a couple of songs in French.
I've written a few haiku in Toki Pona.
I've written a letter to you.
I've written a letter.
I've written a list of questions for you to ask Tom.
I've written a lot of articles in Berber.
I've written a lot of stories.
I've written a new song.
I've written a truly significant book, but no one at all is buying it.
I've written about 3,000 words so far.
I've written an article. Could you take a look and tell me if it's okay?
I've written and read more today than yesterday.
I've written down Tom's phone number.
I've written down all the numbers up to thirty-one.
I've written down some questions I'd like answered.
I've written down some questions that I'd like answered.
I've written down where I work.
I've written his address on the back of the envelope.
I've written it down for you so you don't forget.
I've written it down for you so you won't forget.
I've written many sentences in French.
I've written nine hit songs and an award-winning musical.
I've written part of the report already.
I've written several Python scripts to help me automate things.
I've written several papers on this topic.
I've written several poems in French.
I've written several songs in French.
I've written some easy sentences for beginners.
I've written the letter already.
I've written three books.
I've written three letters.
I've written to Tom about Mary.
I've written to Tom already.
I've written to Tom suggesting that he come stay with us this summer.
I've written to Tom.
I've written to ask Tom what he plans to do, but I haven't received a reply yet.
I've written to ask Tom what he plans to do, but I haven't received a reply.
I've written to ask Tom what he plans to do, but I haven't yet received a reply.
I've written to everyone I could think of.
I've written to everyone I know.
I've written to everyone.
I've written to her.
I've written to him.
I've written to them.
I've written you a letter.
I've wronged you.
I've yet to have someone tell me they don't like me.
I've yet to meet someone kinkier than me.
I've yet to understand anything.
I, Kohelet, was king over Yisrael in Yerushalayim.
I, Stallone, am not such as to be scared simply of being the guinea pig for some test.
I, Tabnit, priest of Astarte, king of Sidon, son of Eshmunazar, priest of Astarte, king of Sidon, am lying in this sarcophagus.
I, an old man, have written to an old man about old age.
I, as an American, admire Lincoln.
I, as president, appointed him.
I, as well as he, am not convinced.
I, as well as you, was late for school yesterday.
I, for my part, don't care.
I, for my part, don’t care.
I, for my part, have nothing more to say.
I, for one, am for the plan.
I, for one, am not worried about that.
I, for one, don't believe what she said.
I, for one, don't like pictures like this.
I, for one, don't worry about it.
I, for one, don't worry about that.
I, for one, don’t believe what she said.
I, for one, don’t like pictures like this.
I, for one, have no doubt that it was your quick wits that saw us delivered from that hellish place.
I, for one, have no intention of reading this book.
I, gay, view my heart.
I, however, hate you at the moment.
I, in company with most other people, support that new law.
I, in fact, really like to study other languages.
I, just... what?
I, knowing something about medicine, can help.
I, my children, am old Philetas.
I, myself am surprised.
I, on the other hand, prefer sweets.
I, poor miserable Robinson Crusoe, being shipwrecked during a dreadful storm in the offing, came on shore on this dismal, unfortunate island, which I called “The Island of Despair”; all the rest of the ship’s company being drowned, and myself almost dead.
I, she, and we are all personal pronouns.
I, the Preacher, was king over Israel in Jerusalem.
I, the Supreme Energy, am the same as the Supreme Intelligence. We are One and Two at the same time, as we are beyond logical restrictions and limitations of laws.
I, too, am a doctor.
I, too, am a teacher.
I, too, am an actor.
I, too, am happy.
I, too, am hungry.
I, too, am not a student.
I, too, am often angry.
I, too, am thinking of going to Australia.
I, too, am unemployed.
I, too, am worried about Tom.
I, too, am worried about her.
I, too, am worried about him.
I, too, am worried about them.
I, too, came from humble beginnings.
I, too, didn't understand anything.
I, too, felt a certain joy when I saw you again.
I, too, have a question.
I, too, have been to Australia many times.
I, too, have been to Australia.
I, too, have been to Boston many times.
I, too, have been to Boston.
I, too, have goldfish.
I, too, have my responsibilities.
I, too, have the right to speak.
I, too, like candy.
I, too, like literature very much.
I, too, need to remain calm.
I, too, often get angry.
I, too, wanted to ask that the whole time.
I, too, was in the generation brought up listening to the Beatles.
I, too, was wondering about that.
I, too, will come in about ten minutes.
I, too, will do my best.
I, too, would like it to be simple to love you, normally, without hiding it from anyone.
I, too, would like to be like Tom.
I, too, would like to go to Boston.
I, too, would like to know.
I, we, you, he, she, it, and they are personal pronouns.
I, who am poor, cannot afford it.
I, you, he, she, it, we, you, they are personal pronouns.
I, your mother, will take care of everything for you.
I-Is that OK? Calling you by your first name...
I.N.R.I. = Jesus of Nazareth, the King of Jews.
I.P. Pavlov proved the absolutely unscientific nature of the arguments of bourgeois physiologists and psychologists about the "soul" as an intangible carrier of mental phenomena.
IALA's endeavor to compile a dictionary of generally international words led of necessity to the assembly of a basically Romance vocabulary.
IBM has the lion's share of the large computer market; nobody else even comes close.
IBM has the lion’s share of the large computer market; nobody else even comes close.
IBM thinks that the answer lies in blockchain technology.
ICC Bangladesh has provided this information through a press release.
ICE is forcing undocumented women to get unnecessary hysterectomies.
ICE's press release states that WSO officers "will not question individuals about their citizenship, alienage or removability, nor will they process aliens who are unlawfully present in the United States."
ID cards are no longer necessary.
IGM is a network or web of thread-like formations of diffuse gases left over from the Big Bang that links all the galaxies in the universe together.
IMF stands for International Monetary Fund.
IMF's chief economist, Gita Gopinath, said labor markets in developing economies have been hit hardest by the pandemic. She said the large disparity in vaccine access and government support between richer and poorer countries is creating a "dangerous divergence in economic prospects."
INTP is my actual personality type, not ISTP.
IP stands for Internet Protocol.
IQ scores are decreasing and social media aren't helping.
IQ scores have been dropping since the 1990s.
IR8 was the world’s first highly productive rice. It is credited with having prevented famines and providing food for millions of people.
ISDS is a controversial measure whereby foreign investors may sue a state at a secret arbitration for “damaging” their profits if the state has violated a trade deal or international law.
ISIS assassinated many people in Syria and Iraq.
ISIS fighters isolated the cities they occupied from the world.
ISIS is a terrorist organization covertly supported by many "civilized" nations including Qatar, Turkey, and the United States.
ISIS is a terrorist organization.
ISIS is committing atrocities in the name of Islam.
ISIS terrorists are known for killing one another in the name of jihad.
ISIS terrorists aren't following Islam at all.
ISIS terrorists don't value life.
ISIS terrorists have committed horrible acts in the name of Islam.
ISIS terrorists like to depict Raqqa as a paradise, but the truth is that Raqqa has always been a war zone.
ISIS's brutality deserves our strongest possible condemnation.
ISIS, one of the most dangerous terrorist organizations in the world, has a magazine called Dabiq.
IT interoperability drives global interoperability.
IT is the future.
Iacob also went on the journey he had begun: and the angels of God met him.
Iaido is a form of swordsmanship in which one strikes down an attacking opponent with one blow of the sword quickly drawn out of its sheath, whether the practitioner is sitting or walking.
Ian Nepomniachtchi (2695), the 30-year-old Russian Grand Master, has just won the Candidate Tournament, securing the right to compete this year with current champion Magnus Carlsen for the title of World Chess Champion.
Ian Nepomniachtchi's (white) second victory in the FIDE 2023 World Chess Championship. Now: Nepo 3, Ding Liren 2.
Ian Nepomniachtchi, with the black pieces, won the second game of the match for the FIDE 2023 World Chess Championship, which is being held in Astana, Kazakhstan. He is therefore 1 point ahead of his opponent, Ding Liren (1.5 X 0.5).
Ian Nepomniachtchi, with the white pieces, blundered a bishop in the ninth game of the match for the FIDE-2021 World Championships, in Dubai, suffering his third defeat. Now: Carlsen 6 - Nepo 3.
Ib and Anette are sitting at the table on the left, chatting together.
Ibaraki Prefecture's capital is Mito City.
Iberian Muslims are commonly referred to as Moors.
Iberism is a movement that supports the unification of the Iberian peoples and its nations such as Catalonia, Castile, Portugal, Galicia, Basque Country, Andalusia...
Ibexes can climb steep cliffs.
Ibn Abi Kabsha has become so prominent that even the King of Byzantium is afraid of him.
Ibn Tufail also criticized Islam through a literary process called allegory.
Ibrahim is a Palestinian herder.
Ibrahim likes eel.
Ibrahim started his herd with just one cow.
Ibrahim struggled to find enough pasture for his herd.
Ibsen’s redcurrant bushes and other shrubs.
Icarus flew on crafted wings.
Icarus tried to fly too high and flew too near to the sun. The wings of wax melted and Icarus fell to his death in the ocean.
Ice and snow melt in spring.
Ice becomes water when it melts.
Ice can be stunningly beautiful.
Ice covers the lake during the winter.
Ice cream and summer is the best.
Ice cream cones are made of wafer.
Ice cream is one of worst foods, health-wise, you can eat.
Ice cream sales are up.
Ice cream sells better in summer than in winter.
Ice cream sells better in summer than winter.
Ice cream sells better in the summer than in the winter.
Ice cream was Tom's favorite food.
Ice hockey is an exciting sport.
Ice hockey is the only sport Tom watches.
Ice is cool.
Ice is expected across large parts of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Ice is floating in the water.
Ice is frozen water.
Ice is harder than water.
Ice is less dense than liquid water, which is why it floats.
Ice is lighter than water.
Ice is solid.
Ice is very cold.
Ice is water in solid form.
Ice melts in the sun.
Ice melts in water.
Ice melts into water.
Ice melts to become water.
Ice milk is sometimes priced lower than ice cream.
Ice pellets were falling from the sky.
Ice pops are good to eat when it's hot.
Ice salt is used to melt snow.
Ice skaters gracefully glide over the ice.
Ice skating can be graceful and beautiful.
Ice skating is kind of fun.
Ice skating is more fun when it's chilly outside.
Ice skating is my favorite winter sport.
Ice skating is my favourite winter sport.
Ice tongs are essential bar tools for handling ice with precision.
Ice turns back into water when it melts.
Ice turns to water when it gets warm.
Ice, or oil, can make a road slippery.
Icebergs covered the surface of the sea.
Icebergs had been grounded on the beach.
Icebreakers are used to carry cargo and break ice.
Iced tea had got on my shirt.
Iceland beat England in the round of 16.
Iceland belonged to Denmark.
Iceland confirmed its first case on Feb. 28 and determined the virus was brought back from a ski resort in the Austrian Alps.
Iceland entered into an alliance with France.
Iceland has a lot of volcanoes.
Iceland has an area of about 103,000 square kilometres.
Iceland has high rates of violence against women.
Iceland has many volcanoes.
Iceland has not joined the European Union.
Iceland has one of the smallest Muslim communities in the world.
Iceland is an island nation in the North Atlantic between Greenland, the Faroe Islands and Norway.
Iceland is an island.
Iceland is called "Ísland" in Icelandic.
Iceland is often called the land of ice and fire. It has plenty of ice and glaciers, but is also a geothermal hotspot of bubbling hot water cauldrons, geysers and volcanos. Harnessing all that energy is something Icelanders have been doing for generations, but they're about to take that concept one step further.
Iceland used to belong to Denmark.
Iceland was fantastic.
Iceland's three largest banks collapsed in late 2008.
Icelanders are fairies.
Icelanders can read old sagas, but the writing and context have changed so much that they don't understand what the texts are about.
Icelanders can read old sagas, but the writing and context have changed so much that they don’t understand what the texts are about.
Icelanders learn Danish and English at school.
Icelandic is my favorite language.
Icelandic is my favourite language.
Icelandic is my native language.
Icelandic is one of the most difficult Germanic languages.
Iceland’s prime minister stepped down after it was revealed that he had ties to an offshore investment company.
Iceland’s prime minister, Sigmundur Davíð Gunnlaugsson, resigned after it was revealed that his wife owned an offshore investment company.
Ichiro hit an eye-popping double.
Ichiro is an outstanding baseball player.
Ichiro puts friendship above profit.
Ichiro sounded somehow upset but my long years of hanging out with him told me that it was out and out fake.
Ichiro will go to Nagoya for the first time.
Icicle forming on structures can be quite a lethal hazard when they start to melt.
Icicles hang from the roof of the house.
Icicles hung from the roof.
Icy rain was hitting Igor's tent.
Ida was the second asteroid to be observed close-up by a spacecraft, when the Space Probe Galileo took pictures as it flew by on Aug 28, 1993. These pictures showed not only that Ida has a cratered surface, but also that it has a small moon, called Dactyl, which is about 1.6 x 1.2 km in diameter and orbiting 90 km away from the asteroid.
Ida's moon, Dactyl, is probably made from pieces that broke off Ida during an impact.
IdaBot is a robot that looks like a tank without a turret, armed not with guns, but with cameras and radio frequency sensors.
Idaho is famous for potatoes.
Ideal for muscle building in the biceps.
Idealism fights furiously against the assertion of Marxist philosophy about the knowability of the world.
Idealism has always been and remains a philosophy serving the conservative and reactionary classes.
Ideally we would like the project completed by Friday.
Ideally, a candidate for this job should have four years' work experience.
Ideally, everyone would be prosperous.
Ideally, food should be tasty, cheap, healthy, and morally inoffensive.
Ideals are like stars: you can't reach them, but you can orient yourself to them.
Ideas are freed when they find an outlet.
Ideas are important.
Ideas are inherently conservative. They yield not to the attack of other ideas but to the massive onslaught of circumstance with which they cannot contend.
Ideas are material.
Ideas are mental constructs.
Ideas are not responsible for what men do of them.
Ideas are uncopyrightable.
Ideas come to mind spontaneously.
Ideas do not belong to anyone, they float in the air.
Ideas do not respect national frontiers, and this is especially so where language and other traditions are in common.
Ideas don't die.
Ideas don't really have a home on the ground, they float in the air between people.
Ideas flow whenever I grab a pen.
Ideas like these need to spread in Algeria.
Ideas matter.
Ideas occur to me on the spur of the moment.
Ideas shape the course of history.
Identical twins have different fingerprints.
Identify Tom.
Identify all the buses in this picture.
Identify all the cars in this picture.
Identify all the fire hydrants in this picture.
Identify all the storefronts in this picture.
Identify all the traffic lights in this picture.
Identify what exactly makes you mad.
Identify your goals.
Identify your villains at work.
Identify yourself.
Identify yourselves!
Identify yourselves.
Identifying which information is important in advance can help.
Identifying, understanding and managing interrelated processes as a system contributes to the organization's effectiveness and efficiency in achieving its objectives.
Identity and ethnic identification are hotly debated topics in Algeria.
Identity evolves over time.
Identity is a hotly debated topic in Egypt and the countries of the Maghreb.
Identity is a hotly debated topic in the countries of the Maghreb and Egypt.
Identity is a lifelong journey.
Identity is a reflection of inner and outer worlds.
Identity is both fluid and fixed.
Identity is complex and multifaceted.
Identity is constantly evolving.
Identity is fluid; it changes over time.
Identity is influenced by perception.
Identity is layered and complex.
Identity is more than a name.
Identity is personal and collective.
Identity is rooted in self and community.
Identity is shaped by both nature and nurture.
Identity is shaped by culture and experience.
Identity is shaped by history and environment.
Identity is shaped by our choices.
Identity is shaped by our interactions.
Identity is the sum of our experiences.
Ideological purity tests accomplish nothing.
Ideologically-motivated Arab states ethnically cleansed their Jewish populations in the 20th century through a combination of direct revocation of citizenship and creating unlivable conditions for Jews. Had they not done this—and had this not recently continued in Yemen under the Houthis—Israel would have a much harder time justifying itself.
Ideologies are dangerous.
Ideologies usually stand in the way of free thinking.
Ideology should never trump human life.
Idiomatic expressions can seldom be translated word for word.
Idioms aren't supposed to make sense.
Idiot!
Idiot! She's not being honest when she says she loves you. Haven't you figured it out yet? She's just a gold digger.
Idiot! She’s not being honest when she says she loves you. Haven’t you figured it out yet? She’s just a gold digger.
Idiot, I wonder if he would think the same if he lost a loved one to the virus.
Idiot, I'm talking seriously!
Idiot, I've forgotten that two-timing bitch.
Idiot, I’ve forgotten that two-timing bitch.
Idiot.
Idiot... You got water in your brain or something?
Idiots like to congratulate each other.
Idiots with guns make me nervous.
Idir came back to Algeria after 40 years of absence.
Idir continues to be my favorite Algerian singer.
Idir intervened to separate us during our argument.
Idir is a deceitful man.
Idir is a hypocritical man.
Idir is a smart student.
Idir is a two-faced man.
Idir is an Algerian singer.
Idir is coming back to Algeria.
Idir is coming to Kabylie.
Idir is my favorite Algerian singer.
Idir is my favorite Berber singer.
Idir is not one to put on airs.
Idir is not one to run away from work.
Idir is not one to talk about himself.
Idir is not someone who discusses himself.
Idir is not someone who shirks work.
Idir is not the type to avoid work.
Idir is not the type to boast.
Idir is not the type to speak about himself.
Idir is one of Algeria's most iconic singers.
Idir is one of my favorite Algerian singers.
Idir is reading a Tamazight book.
Idir is strong in French.
Idir is the one who attaches great value to form in his songs.
Idir is the one who highly values style in his songs.
Idir is the one who places great importance on form in his songs.
Idir sang in Algeria in 2018.
Idir was an Algerian singer.
Idir was an all Algerian singer.
Idir was welcomed back into the embrace of his native Algeria.
Idle folks have the least leisure.
Idle hands are the Internet's workshop.
Idle hands are the Internet’s workshop.
Idle hands are the devil's plaything.
Idle hands are the devil's playthings.
Idle hands are the devil's tool.
Idle hands are the devil's workshop.
Idle hands are the devil’s tool.
Idle hands are the devil’s workshop.
Idleness begets ennui.
Idleness can dull the sharpness of one's abilities, just as rust dulls the edge of a razor, leading to regret and loss of potential.
Idleness is only the refuge of weak minds.
Idleness is the devil's workshop.
Idleness is the enemy of the soul.
Idleness is the home of illness, illness is the home of death.
Idleness is the mother of all vices.
Idleness isn't good because after so much time you get used to doing nothing.
Idleness leads to failure.
Idleness leads to ruin.
Idleness often accounts for poverty.
Idleness, vice, and intemperance had done their miserable work, and the dead mother lay cold and still amid her wretched children.
Idleness, which is often becoming and even wise in the bachelor, begins to wear a different aspect when you have a wife to support.
Idling away your time is not good.
Idly I touch the strings, till, without my knowing, the music borrows the mad cadence of that storm.
Ido does a few things better than Esperanto, for sure.
Ido draws its vocabulary from English, French, German, Italian, Latin, Russian, Spanish and Portuguese.
Ido has the same 26 letters as the English, Dutch and Latin alphabet, with no diacritics: a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, j, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s, t, u, v, w, x, y, z.
Ido has too many suffixes.
Ido is a language which one can easily, quickly and pleasantly acquire.
Ido is an international language. What matters is its grammar and syntax. Punctuation can differ by country.
Ido is perhaps the easiest language in the world to learn.
Ido is the most beautiful and simple language.
Idolatry is a sin in Abrahamic religions.
If "Don't do it!" is said by someone, you end up wanting to do it, isn't that right?
If "Oz" interests you, read the article "Causative and applicative constructions in Australian Aboriginal Languages."
If "cancel culture" was everything it was made out to be then authoritarian leaders would embrace it, not position themselves in opposition to it.
If "con" is the opposite of "pro", does it mean that Congress is the opposite of progress?
If "every rule has at least one exception" is a rule, then at least one rule has no exception.
If "internationalization" means putting every little thing into English, then I think "internationalization" is a load of shit.
If "pro" is the opposite of "con," what’s the opposite of progress?
If "trans ideology" were all it was claimed to be, it would be embraced by the right-wing authoritarians who rail against it.
If "wokeness" is authoritarian, why do all the authoritarians hate it so much?
If 'd known, I would've let you know.
If 2020 was a person, you would be his twin.
If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
If A is success in life, then A = X + Y + Z. Where X is work, Y is pleasure, and Z is keeping your mouth shut.
If AI "thinks", or approximates thinking, who are we?
If AI existed, humans wouldn't need to check it. It could be checked by another AI.
If Adam and Eve were the first and up to that point only people, who did beget their grandchildren?
If Algeria becomes a democracy, will it be able to maintain its democratic system?
If Algeria becomes a failed state, Europe will be submerged with refugees.
If Algeria becomes a failed state, there will be a massive flow of refugees crossing the Mediterranean towards Europe.
If Algeria does nothing, the Sahara desert will continue to expand northwards.
If Algeria doesn't diversify its economy, it might suffer a brutal economic crisis.
If Algeria wants to go back to the good times, it needs to change its direction.
If Algeria's population grows, its economy will expand dramatically.
If Amanda doesn't get enough sleep, she would have dark circles under her eyes.
If Amelia doesn't give Felix what he wants, he's going to have to hurt her.
If America isn't a racist country, why is Trump so popular?
If America supposedly needs to take steps to preserve its majority-white character, doesn't that prove people are correct to call America a racist country?
If America were the best country in the world, it wouldn't need to constantly assert this.
If American TV disgusts you, think about the fact that we're showing you our good side.
If Amerindians interest you, read the article "Nindoodemag Bagijiganan: A History of Anishinaabeg Narrative."
If Anthony Weiner were a Republican, he wouldn't rank in the top fifty worst Republican sex offenders.
If Assange is sentenced, this will set a dangerous precedent for press freedom.
If Assange is tried and convicted under the Espionage Act, this could have major negative consequences on the future of free speech and journalism.
If Aviva hates fascism, why does she consort with Kahanists?
If Baya dresses like that, she will attract a lot of customers.
If Bezalel Smotrich were Arab and talking about Jews, he would be charged with incitement.
If Biden was too old four years ago, surely Trump is too old now.
If Bin Laden comes, tell him I'm in the store.
If Bob had listened to and followed my advice, everything would have gone better.
If Bob had taken my advice, everything would be all right now.
If Brunhild gets up then she's not feeling well.
If Bruno dies, his entire ancestral line dies, too.
If Buddhism is attractive, it is because it appears as a possibility of touching the infinite and obtaining happiness without having any concrete religious obligations. A spiritual auto-eroticism of some sort.
If China can do it, Algeria can do it.
If China is socialist, why does it have a non-zero number of billionaires?
If China takes over Taiwan, it will become even more powerful.
If China takes over Taiwan, it will become even richer.
If Christianity cured hatred, there wouldn't be so much of it in the world.
If Christmas and Easter are official holidays in your country, it is not a secular country.
If Cinderella's shoe fits perfectly, then why did it fall off?
If Cleopatra's nose had been a little lower, the history of the world might have been different.
If Cleopatra's nose had been shorter, the history of the world would be different.
If Cleopatra's nose had been shorter, the whole face of the world would have been changed.
If Cleopatra’s nose had been a little lower, the history of the world might have been different.
If Cleopatra’s nose had been shorter, the whole face of the world would have been changed.
If Comet survives intact, then yes, we will have a nice show later on in the month.
If Congress ever ratifies that law, we are all doomed.
If Damiano wanted to kill Isabella, he could have done it as easily as breaking wind.
If Daniel wins, he can get into the Algerian national team.
If Darwin lived today, would he have imagined that the highly sophisticated information-processing system that our advanced technology allows us to see in action in cells came about randomly and blindly and by natural selection?
If David knew it was Martha's birthday, he would have brought her a gift.
If Democrats capture the White House and Senate, while retaining majority control of the House of Representatives, there is no constitutional impediment to following through on the idea.
If Dmitri dies, you’ll die.
If Earth was at one end of a yard-stick and the Sun on the other, Parker Solar Probe will make it to within four inches of the solar surface.
If Earth were the size of a desktop globe, its atmosphere would be the size of the varnish.
If Elias really liked Sandra, he wouldn't have broken up with her.
If England wants US protection, it should grant Scotland its independence and feel free to apply for US statehood.
If English was good enough for Jesus Christ, it's good enough for me.
If Esperanto was progressing so greatly during the preceding twelve years, the main reason lay in the fact that theoretical discussion concerning the language itself had already ceased.
If Esperanto were an easy language I wouldn't need a proofreader.
If Facebook is worth $900 billions and you are one of its 3 billion active users, this means that your privacy online is worth $300. Have you yet received a check from Facebook for the value of your privacy?
If Fairbairn shows his face here again I’ll send you one of his ears for a keepsake.
If First Nations interest you, maybe read the article "An Upriver Halkomelem Mink Story: Ethnopoetics and Discourse Analysis."
If First Nations interest you, maybe read the article "Determining the Availability of Traditional Wild Plant Foods: An Example of Nuxalk Foods, Bella Coola, British Columbia."
If First Nations interest you, maybe read the article "Focus, obviation, and word order in East Cree."
If Fyodor stayed the night there, I'm almost positive he wouldn't be here today.
If Gabor googled Martha, he would just see the picture of a cartoon dog.
If Gabor isn't at the beach, he's at the mall.
If George doesn't stop smoking, he will run the risk of developing lung cancer.
If George doesn’t stop smoking, he will run the risk of developing lung cancer.
If God appeared in front of you, what would you tell Him?
If God created us in his own image, we have more than reciprocated.
If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent him.
If God did not exist, we would have to invent him.
If God did not exist, we'd have to invent him.
If God did not exist, we’d have to invent him.
If God did not intend for us to eat animals, then why did he make them out of meat?
If God didn't exist, he would need to be invented.
If God didn't want men to be fucked in the ass, why would the male G-spot only be accessible that way?
If God didn't want us to enjoy sex, why would it give us pleasure?
If God doesn't exist in our world, then I will create God with my own hands.
If God doesn’t exist in our world, then I will create God with my own hands.
If God exists, why does this chaos rule the world?
If God exists, why is poop so gross?
If God had consulted me before embarking on the creation of the planets, I would have suggested a simpler system.
If God had given an eleventh commandment, I wonder what it would have been.
If God had listened to my prayer, my boss would be working for me now.
If God had meant for us to be naked, we'd have been born that way.
If God had meant for us to be naked, we’d have been born that way.
If God had meant us to fly, he'd have given us wings.
If God is love, I have fallen in God, if I may say so.
If God is the father of mankind, the evidence would suggest he is just as clueless as any human parent.
If God is willing to grant me success, he knows where to find me.
If God is with us, then who can be against us?
If God is with us, then who is against us?
If God made us in his image, we've certainly reciprocated.
If God really existed, it would be necessary to abolish him.
If God wills it.
If Grace had not studied so hard, she would surely have failed the test.
If Grandma doesn't come, the children will be disappointed.
If Grandma doesn’t come, the children will be disappointed.
If Grandma had a dick, she'd be Grandpa.
If Greenland's ice sheet were to melt completely, sea level all over the world would rise by 5 to 7 meters.
If Gunter was a nice guy once, he has changed now.
If I - as young as I am - can't make it out, then how would you, old as you are, be able to?
If I act weird around you, it means I'm comfortable with you.
If I add A and B, I get C as a result.
If I agreed with you, we'd both be wrong.
If I am a fool, you are another.
If I am busy then I may arrive late.
If I am destined to be born again, I would like to be a cat.
If I am dull, I am at least industrious.
If I am elected, I will never let such things happen in this country.
If I am elected, I'll also forget what I promised.
If I am in a group of people, then I want to be in the front.
If I am killed you are to have my pearl bead ring.
If I am not for myself, who will be for me? But if I am for myself only, what am I?
If I am not mistaken, Tom didn't promise anything.
If I am not mistaken.
If I am not myself, who am I?
If I am okay for it I can listen to as much as you have to say.
If I am on the floor, I see the ceiling immediately.
If I am pleased with you, I’ll reward you; but if I am not, I’ll put you in a pan and fry you in the oven.
If I am proven correct with regard to my theory of relativity, the Germans will say I am a German, and the French will say I am a citizen of the world. If my theory turns out to be wrong, the French will say I am a German, and the Germans that I am a Jew.
If I am rich in something, it is in perplexities and not in certainties.
If I am to die, at least may it be with music on!
If I am to follow your logic, we're all doomed, but I'm sure we can find a way out of this tricky situation.
If I am what I have and if I lose what I have who then am I?
If I arrive home, I'll call you on Messenger.
If I ask Santa for a magic potion that makes me good at English, will he give it to me?
If I ask you, you tell me that you're busy, but when it's your girlfriend who asks, you're suddenly up for anything.
If I ate what Tom eats, I would probably be ill now.
If I avoid rush hour, I can make it home in less than thirty minutes.
If I avoid rush hour, my commute is a pleasure.
If I began making a lot of money, I would give you half of it.
If I borrow the money, I feel like I'll lose my autonomy.
If I bought everything that I wanted, I'd have no money left for what I really need.
If I bow before the authority of the specialists and avow my readiness to follow, to a certain extent and as long as may seem to me necessary, their indications and even their directions, it is because their authority is imposed upon me by no one, neither by men nor by God. Otherwise I would repel them with horror, and bid the devil take their counsels, their directions, and their services, certain that they would make me pay, by the loss of my liberty and self-respect, for such scraps of truth, wrapped in a multitude of lies, as they might give me.
If I break my hand, it is because I gave him a clap with all my power.
If I buy more, can I get them cheaper?
If I call Tom after midnight, I'll probably wake him up.
If I call Tom after midnight, he won't like it.
If I call Tom after midnight, he'll get mad.
If I called your boss right now and asked him what is an area that you could improve on, what would he say?
If I can avoid it, I don't work on weekends.
If I can be of assistance to you in some way, just let me know.
If I can come again tomorrow, I will.
If I can do it, anyone can.
If I can do it, so can you.
If I can do it, you can as well.
If I can do it, you can do it as well.
If I can do it, you can do it, too.
If I can do it, you can do it.
If I can do it, you can, too.
If I can do that, so can you.
If I can do this, so can you.
If I can do this, you can too.
If I can do this, you can, too.
If I can finish this book this year, I can get a promotion and finally move on with my life.
If I can finish up this bit of work, I will go to Nanjing on Monday.
If I can get a book from the library, it saves me from having to buy it in the bookshop.
If I can get a book from the library, it saves me from needing to buy it in the bookshop.
If I can get a book from the library, it saves me the need to buy it in the bookshop.
If I can get into university, I am hoping to learn to speak two foreign languages.
If I can get through Wednesday, the rest of the week will be easy.
If I can get through with my exams, I'll take a long vacation.
If I can get through with my exams, I’ll take a long vacation.
If I can help in any way, I will.
If I can help our family like that, why can't I help Fadil?
If I can help you with something, just ask.
If I can help you with something, just say so.
If I can make it back by tomorrow, I will.
If I can see it, I'm sure Tom can see it, too.
If I can understand it, anyone can.
If I can understand this, then anyone can understand it.
If I can win the lottery, then I won't have to sell my daughters.
If I can't come, I'll call you.
If I can't do that, I'll eat my hat.
If I can't do this, what makes you think you can?
If I can't do this, you probably can't either.
If I can't have Fadil, no one else is going to have him either.
If I can't have Junior as my child, then no one can!
If I can't have Sami, no one else is going to have him either.
If I can't have Skura, no one can.
If I can't have my Coca drink in the day, then my day can't start right.
If I can't have you, no one can.
If I can't see it or touch it, I don't believe it.
If I can't see you, you can't see me.
If I can't stay here, I need to find somewhere else to stay.
If I can't trust my parents, who can I trust?
If I can't trust myself, who can I trust?
If I can't trust you, who can I trust?
If I can't wash my hands, I always use hand sanitizer before I eat.
If I can't work and study at the same time, should I decline the job?
If I can't write anymore, I don't want to live anymore.
If I can, I will face them.
If I can, I'll do it differently.
If I can, I'll give you a hand.
If I cannot have it, Tom won't have it either.
If I cannot move heaven, I will raise hell.
If I cared about all your criticism, I wouldn't be where I am.
If I catch Yanni, I'll kill him.
If I catch you again hitting my cat I am going to fuck you up. I am telling you this is your last chance.
If I catch you talking trash about me around the corner, you'll have me to deal with.
If I catch you talking trash about my life, you'll have me to deal with.
If I catch you, I'll fuck your ass up.
If I catch you, I'll rip the hair off your body, one by one.
If I change key, I can't hold the pitch. It's better if we go with the original key, and I sometimes sing an octave lower.
If I change my name in order to avoid racist comments, then why don't I change the color of my skin as well?
If I choose the gallows instead of the poison, I'll suffer for a shorter amount of time before dying.
If I come down, I'm giving you a headbutt!
If I come down, I’m giving you a headbutt!
If I considered the possibility of catching the flu every time I kiss a girl I don't know, I'd have no luck with the ladies at all.
If I considered the possibility of catching the flu every time I kiss a girl I don’t know, I’d have no luck with the ladies at all.
If I could I would immediately stop.
If I could afford it, I would buy an electric car.
If I could afford it, I'd help many people.
If I could always read, I should never feel the want of company.
If I could be a pigeon to fly in the sky.
If I could be any animal, I'd be a fox.
If I could be like that...
If I could be reborn, I would want to be the child of a rich family, then I'd be set for life.
If I could be reborn, I would want to be the child of a rich family, then I’d be set for life.
If I could be that guy instead of me.
If I could do it then I would!
If I could do that again, I would.
If I could do that for you, I would.
If I could do that, I would.
If I could do that, I wouldn't be here.
If I could do that, I wouldn't be in a place like this.
If I could draw well, I would paint pictures in "Where is Waldo?"-style, but leave out Waldo.
If I could ever walk again, I'd never take my legs for granted.
If I could explain it, I would.
If I could go anywhere in the world, I'd go to Australia.
If I could go anywhere in the world, I'd go to Boston.
If I could go back in time, I would tell my younger self to be more confident.
If I could go back to Boston again, I would.
If I could go back, I'd do different things.
If I could go, I would.
If I could grow a mustache, it would definitely be a handlebar mustache.
If I could have a wish, I'd wish I could make up for lost time.
If I could have a wish, I’d wish I could make up for lost time.
If I could have prevented this, I would've.
If I could have seen him then I should have killed him, for I have always been like a madman when my temper gets loose.
If I could have some traditional bread with olive oil.
If I could have spoken French better, I might have gotten that job.
If I could have spoken French better, I might've gotten that job.
If I could have understood what Tom meant, I wouldn't have made this mistake.
If I could help Tom, I would.
If I could help you, I would.
If I could help, I would.
If I could just claw through the fabric of reality, I could learn what it was covering.
If I could just get my hands on that gunner!
If I could just pick your brain - what do you think she'd like for her birthday?
If I could live again, I would like to be a musician.
If I could only find the right words, I would tell her how I feel.
If I could only play the tuba half as well as you, I'd be very happy.
If I could only play the tuba half as well as you, I’d be very happy.
If I could only speak English half as well as you can, I wouldn't be worried about traveling around the world.
If I could only speak English half as well as you can, I wouldn’t be worried about traveling around the world.
If I could pay attention, I wouldn't be in this mess in the first place.
If I could prove Tom did that, I'd fire him.
If I could prove that Tom did that, I'd fire him.
If I could prove that Tom was the one who did that, I'd fire him.
If I could purr, I would be purring, too.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put U and I together.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.
If I could see her, I would.
If I could send you a marshmallow, Trang, I would.
If I could speak French half as well as you, I'd be happy.
If I could speak French, I'd be able to tell Tom everything I've wanted to tell him.
If I could stay at a hotel near Akasaka and eat a delicious meal, I'd feel like a princess.
If I could stay at a hotel near Akasaka and eat a delicious meal, I’d feel like a princess.
If I could stay longer, I would.
If I could stay, I would.
If I could swim, I'd go to the beach more often.
If I could understand it, I would tell you so.
If I could visit any North American city, it'd be San Francisco, California.
If I could've been at your party, I would've been there.
If I could've chosen, I would've been an astronomer.
If I could've prevented this, I would have.
If I could've prevented this, I would've.
If I could've spoken French better, I might've gotten that job.
If I could, I would be on the net all day.
If I could, I would browse the web all day.
If I could, I would decorate each page of my book with the colors of ten different flags.
If I could, I would help everyone.
If I could, I would help many people.
If I could, I would let every caged bird fly free.
If I could, I would love to experience once again a bittersweet love like in middle school.
If I could, I would read all the time.
If I could, I would surf the web all day.
If I could, I would.
If I could, I'd be on the net all day.
If I could, I'd browse the web all day.
If I could, I'd gladly punch Sami in the face.
If I could, I'd help everyone.
If I could, I'd help many people.
If I could, I'd quit this boring ass job now!
If I could, I'd study all the languages in the world.
If I could, I'd surf the web all day.
If I could, I'd do that again.
If I counted correctly, you ate three ham sandwiches.
If I create an example, will you correct it for me?
If I cut badly, then I cut badly!
If I dated your mother, would you stop being my friend?
If I decide I have to sleep, then I sleep.
If I decide to come over, I'll give you a call.
If I declare bankruptcy, will I be able to keep my house?
If I did not have such crazy ideas, I wouldn't be here.
If I did that, Tom would be upset.
If I did that, everyone would think I was crazy.
If I did that, it would hurt my reputation.
If I did what you're suggesting, I'd be fired.
If I didn't cooperate with Tom, I would probably be fired.
If I didn't do that, Tom would be upset.
If I didn't enjoy doing this, I wouldn't be doing it.
If I didn't enjoy doing this, I wouldn't do it.
If I didn't enjoy it, I wouldn't do it.
If I didn't expect you to be here, I wouldn't have come.
If I didn't have money I wouldn't have a house.
If I didn't have to work tomorrow, I'd definitely go to the after-party.
If I didn't know any better, I'd say you were hiding something.
If I didn't know better, I'd say you were trying to hide something from me.
If I didn't like it, I wouldn't do it.
If I didn't need it, I wouldn't ask for it.
If I didn't see it with my own eyes, I wouldn't believe it.
If I didn't want you, I wouldn't be here now.
If I didn’t have money I wouldn’t have a house.
If I die today, I will be dead tomorrow.
If I die today, I'll haunt you every minute of your life.
If I die, I want to die a virgin.
If I die, I want to die in my house.
If I die, I want to die where nobody ever finds me.
If I die, I want to keep this ring.
If I die, I want you to keep this ring.
If I die, I'll take you with me.
If I die, don't stop falling in love.
If I die, tell everyone I was cut down in the act of healing the world.
If I discovered my best friend's boyfriend kissing someone else, I'd kill him that very second.
If I discovered my best friend’s boyfriend kissing someone else, I’d kill him that very second.
If I do it, he will take revenge on me.
If I do it, what’s going to happen?
If I do not come on Monday, you do not need to bother waiting for me on Tuesday either.
If I do not get the item this week, I will make a complaint to PayPal.
If I do not pay the rent, I will have to live in the rain.
If I do something bad, people will hate me.
If I do that, I'll be laughed at.
If I do that, Tom will laugh at me.
If I do that, will everybody teach me?
If I do this, will it be viewed by others in a negative way?
If I don't apologize to her now, the guilt is going to gnaw at me until the next time I see her.
If I don't cheat, I won't win.
If I don't come back, the venture will probably be unsuccessful.
If I don't come, who will?
If I don't die of a heart attack, I'd die of anger.
If I don't do it now, I never will.
If I don't do it, it won't get done.
If I don't do it, somebody else will.
If I don't do it, someone else will.
If I don't do it, then someone else will.
If I don't do that now, I never will.
If I don't do that now, I'll never do it.
If I don't do that, Tom probably will.
If I don't do that, Tom will be angry.
If I don't do that, Tom will get angry.
If I don't do that, Tom will.
If I don't do that, it won't get done.
If I don't do that, somebody else will have to do it.
If I don't do that, someone else will have to do it.
If I don't do that, someone else will have to.
If I don't do that, then somebody else will have to do it.
If I don't do that, then someone else will have to do it.
If I don't do this, somebody else will have to do it.
If I don't do this, someone else will have to do it.
If I don't do this, who will?
If I don't do what they say, they'll kill me.
If I don't donate, it will weigh on my conscience.
If I don't drink Cola at least once in a day, then my day can't go right without it.
If I don't drink a swig of water, I can't swallow these tablets.
If I don't eat, I will die.
If I don't fail, I will get my driving license before New Year.
If I don't fail, I'll get my driving licence before the end of the year.
If I don't fail, I'll have my driver's license this year.
If I don't fail, then I can get my driving license this year.
If I don't finish my summer homework fast, I'll run out of summer vacation to enjoy.
If I don't finish this work by tomorrow, I'm dead!
If I don't follow Mary's orders to the letter, I'll be in big trouble.
If I don't get a raise, I'll go to another company.
If I don't get enough sleep at night, I don't have enough energy for my work.
If I don't get my wallet back by tomorrow, heads will roll!
If I don't get the job, I'll tell Tom.
If I don't get to Australia for the conference, my boss will fire me.
If I don't get to Boston for the convention, my boss will fire me.
If I don't go now my boss is going to fire me.
If I don't go to the supermarket, I won't be able to prepare anything to eat this evening.
If I don't go, who will?
If I don't have a bow, I can't play the violin.
If I don't have my glasses on, I can't see anything.
If I don't have time, I won't be able to come with you.
If I don't hear from you, I'll plan to meet you at 2:30.
If I don't help you, who will?
If I don't hurry, I'll be late for my appointment.
If I don't hurry, I'll be late.
If I don't know the table manners, it doesn't really matter.
If I don't make my voice heard, I'm gonna die inside.
If I don't marry you, I'll never marry.
If I don't protect you, who will?
If I don't report it, someone else will.
If I don't say anything, it doesn't mean I'm agreeing with you.
If I don't see another marshmallow for as long as I live, I'll die happy.
If I don't see you I suffer.
If I don't sleep well, I cannot work well.
If I don't slim down now, the jeans I fit into will be too tight.
If I don't survive this, neither will you.
If I don't take care of all the bureaucratic issues, they'll simply deport me.
If I don't take care of my fur, it gets really messy.
If I don't take care of my hair, it gets really messy.
If I don't tear myself away from these books now, I'll be lost in them for a whole week.
If I don't tear myself away from these books now, I'll have my nose in them all week.
If I don't tell Tom, who will?
If I don't tell her, who will?
If I don't tell him, who will?
If I don't tell them, who will?
If I don't try this now, I may never do it.
If I don't use it, I should donate it to charity.
If I don't wash my hair for a day, it becomes slick with oil and flat.
If I don't work, then what?
If I don't write to empty my mind, I go mad.
If I don’t come back, the venture will probably be unsuccessful.
If I don’t do it now, I never will.
If I don’t fail, I will get my driving license before New Year.
If I don’t fail, then I can get my driving license this year.
If I don’t get my wallet back by tomorrow, heads will roll!
If I don’t go to the supermarket, I won’t be able to prepare anything to eat this evening.
If I don’t know the table manners, it doesn’t really matter.
If I don’t take care of all the bureaucratic issues, they’ll simply deport me.
If I don’t wash my hair for a day, it becomes slick with oil and flat.
If I draw this in my sketchbook, do you think my parents will kill me?
If I drop out of contact, let the police know, OK?
If I eat any more fish, I'll start growing flippers.
If I eat any more, I won't want dessert.
If I eat any more, I'll be sick.
If I eat any more, I'll have to puke.
If I eat any more, I'll vomit.
If I eat ramen a lot, does it get less yummy?
If I eat the apple, I will no longer be hungry.
If I eat their food again, may the devil take me.
If I eat too much chocolate, I break out in pimples.
If I eat, I won't sleep.
If I even just start to snack, I end up eating it all.
If I ever find out that Sami is cheating on me, that will be his day.
If I ever had the money, I'd buy a gigantic plot of land.
If I ever kill myself, I hope my splattered brains turn the asphalt into a beautiful mural.
If I ever see anyone in public or in TV wearing the same shirt that I own, I will never wear it again. In fact, I need to donate those shirts to charity.
If I ever see that Tom Jackson again, I'll slap him in the face.
If I ever see you doing that again, I'll tell your father.
If I ever see you here again, you die.
If I ever turn into an alcoholic, I'll surely go on vacation to Antalya.
If I ever wrote a horror story, it'd start with "My homework ate my dog".
If I fail the Berber test, I'm dead.
If I fail this Berber test, I'll lose my job.
If I fail this test, I'll get kicked out of school.
If I fail this test, my parents will be very angry.
If I fail to find a new job in Boston within 6 months, I will return to Chicago.
If I fall down, I rise again.
If I fall ill, mother grows very anxious.
If I fall, I won't be able to get up.
If I fall, I'll take you down with me.
If I feel inclined to, then I will try to contact the manager.
If I feel like doing that later, I will.
If I feel that someone is criticizing me, it could be my own illusion.
If I find him, I'll kill him.
If I find him, I'll kill the bastard.
If I find in myself a desire which no experience in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that I was made for another world.
If I find land here, what is the cost per meter of the land or what is the average price for land here?
If I find you passport, I will call you.
If I find your passport, I'll call you at once.
If I find your passport, I'll call you.
If I find your passport, I’ll call you at once.
If I forget thee, O Jerusalem, let my right hand forget her cunning. Let my tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth, if I remember thee not, if I set not Jerusalem above my chiefest joy.
If I forget, let me know.
If I forget, please remind me.
If I found whenever I needed you, I would found you in my side.
If I gain too much weight, my husband will start looking for someone else.
If I gave no answer, I would not have spoken.
If I gave you this doll, I would miss it.
If I gave you three hundred dollars, how would you spend it?
If I gave you three hundred dollars, what would you buy?
If I gave you three hundred dollars, what would you spend it on?
If I get 300 more yen's worth, I get free shipping. Is there anything you want me to buy?
If I get a bad grade on the Berber test, it's your fault.
If I get a chance to do that, I will.
If I get a good mark, I can pull off an A in biology.
If I get an opportunity, I will always come to the aid of somebody who needs it.
If I get closer, the dog will attack me.
If I get in your way, just let me know.
If I get laid off, I know it won't be long before I feel the draught.
If I get my hands on Tom, I'll kick his punk ass.
If I get rich, I will buy it.
If I get rich, I'll buy a castle.
If I get rich, I'll buy it.
If I get the 2:30 train, when will I arrive in Boston?
If I get the job, I promise to stop drinking.
If I get the opportunity again, I'll definitely do that.
If I get the urge to do that, I will.
If I get there first, I'll tell Tom you're coming, too.
If I get time, I will.
If I give of myself today, I should count on you tomorrow.
If I give the poor something to eat, then they call me a saint. If I ask why the poor have nothing to eat, then they call me a communist.
If I give you the waffles, I won't get any!
If I go abroad, I'll probably go to France.
If I go back to eat their indigestible stuff, let the poison take me away.
If I go back to their disastrous recipes, may the devil take me.
If I go bankrupt as a sole proprietor I'll lose my house.
If I go by air one more time, I'll have flown in an airplane five times.
If I go by air one more time, I’ll have flown in an airplane five times.
If I go by car, I get to work faster. That is a big advantage.
If I go to China, it would be for the purpose of speaking Chinese as much as possible.
If I go to China, it'd be to speak Chinese as much as possible.
If I go to China, it’d be to speak Chinese as much as possible.
If I go to Germany, I will learn German.
If I go to another country in the EU as a tourist, are there any steps I have to take?
If I go to the dance with you, the whole town will know.
If I go to the party, I'll bring some bottles of wine.
If I go to the party, I'll take some bottles of wine.
If I go to the party, I’ll take some bottles of wine.
If I go, you'll be all alone.
If I got a boyfriend, I'd want one who's at least 180 centimeters tall.
If I got a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
If I got rich, I would buy it.
If I got some money I would have bought this computer.
If I got what I wanted, it's because I never gave up on my childhood dreams.
If I had 25% more income, I'd be more satisfied with my life.
If I had 25% more income, I’d be more satisfied with my life.
If I had a bicycle, I'd lend it to you.
If I had a choice, I probably wouldn't be doing this.
If I had a choice, I'd go home now.
If I had a computer, I could use the chat room.
If I had a computer, I could use the chat.
If I had a daughter, I wouldn't name her Mary.
If I had a dime for every time I heard that, I'd be rich.
If I had a dog, I'd call it Tom.
If I had a face on my hand, would it lick everything I touched?
If I had a few days, I'd work everything out.
If I had a lot of money, I would be rich.
If I had a lot of money, I would buy a car.
If I had a lot of money, I would travel around the world.
If I had a lot of money, I'd be rich.
If I had a lot of money, I'd travel around the world.
If I had a million dollars, I would give most of it away and retire.
If I had a nickel for every time I made a mistake, I'd have made cheaper mistakes.
If I had a nickel for everytime a woman has turned me down, I'd be a rich man!
If I had a nickel for everytime a woman has turned me down, I’d be a rich man!
If I had a nickname, I would be content.
If I had a penny for each time Donald said something stupid, I would own a fortune of more than a million dollars.
If I had a saw, I'd lend it to you.
If I had a son, I wouldn't let him do that.
If I had a son, I wouldn't name him Tom.
If I had a username, I could log in.
If I had a username, I could log on.
If I had a username, I could sign in.
If I had all the time in the world, I'd build a boat and sail to Fiji.
If I had any money I'd give it to him.
If I had arrived earlier, I could've seen Tom.
If I had arrived home earlier, I would have done the laundry.
If I had been a bird, I could have flown to you.
If I had been able to speak English then, I would not have been made fun of.
If I had been better at French, I might have got that job.
If I had been doing sport, I could not have answered the phone.
If I had been doing sport, I would not have been able to answer the phone.
If I had been in Boston last year, would you have come to see me?
If I had been in his place, I also would have left you.
If I had been in time for the train, I would be there now.
If I had been my father, I would have chosen Australia for immigration, since Greeks prefer the climate there, much as I do.
If I had been rich, I would have given you some money.
If I had been with you, I could have helped you.
If I had been you, I would have done the same.
If I had boarded that plane, I would be dead now.
If I had bought the painting then, I would be rich now.
If I had done my best, I might have succeeded.
If I had eaten breakfast this morning, I would not be hungry now.
If I had eaten more for lunch, I wouldn't be hungry now.
If I had eaten the cake, I would not be eating this bread right now.
If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend the first six hours sharpening the ax.
If I had enough money on me, I would've bought it.
If I had enough money to retire, I would.
If I had enough money, I could buy it.
If I had enough money, I could buy this book.
If I had enough money, I could buy this camera.
If I had enough money, I could do that.
If I had enough money, I could go abroad.
If I had enough money, I could have bought it.
If I had enough money, I would buy that nice car.
If I had enough money, I would buy the book.
If I had enough money, I'd buy a bicycle like Tom's.
If I had enough money, I'd buy a guitar.
If I had enough money, I'd buy a house.
If I had enough money, I'd buy it.
If I had enough money, I'd buy one of these.
If I had enough money, I'd buy that car.
If I had enough money, I'd buy that for you.
If I had enough money, I'd buy that.
If I had enough money, I'd buy this.
If I had enough money, I'd take a trip around the world.
If I had enough time, I could do that.
If I had enough time, I would go to New York City every year.
If I had enough time, I would meditate for half an hour every day.
If I had enough time, I would talk with you.
If I had followed Tom's advice, I wouldn't be having this problem.
If I had free time, I would accept her invitation.
If I had free time, I would accept his invitation.
If I had gone to that restaurant last night, I would have eaten a steak.
If I had gotten to the hospital a half hour late I probably wouldn't have made it.
If I had had a little more money, I would have bought it.
If I had had a little more money, I would have bought them.
If I had had enough money, I could have bought it.
If I had had enough money, I would have bought a car.
If I had had enough money, I would have bought that computer.
If I had had enough money, I would have bought the bag.
If I had had enough money, I would have bought the book.
If I had had enough time, I could have seen more of London.
If I had had more money, I would have bought the pen.
If I had had more time, I would have written to you.
If I had had my way, we wouldn't be in this mess right now.
If I had had the guts to go see him and the courage to ask him, I'm sure he would've helped me.
If I had had the time, I would have gone with you.
If I had had the time, I would've dropped by your place.
If I had had to do it, I would have done it at that time.
If I had it all to do over again, I wouldn't change a thing.
If I had it all to do over again, I wouldn’t change a thing.
If I had known Tom was going to be here, I wouldn't have come.
If I had known Tom's address, I would've written him a letter.
If I had known about it, I would have changed my plan.
If I had known about it, I would have told you.
If I had known about the plan, I could have helped him.
If I had known about your illness, I could have visited you in the hospital.
If I had known about your illness, I would have visited you in the hospital.
If I had known before I courted, I never would have courted none.
If I had known her address at the time, I would have visited her.
If I had known her address, I could have visited her.
If I had known her address, I would have written her a letter.
If I had known her address, I would have written to her.
If I had known his address, I would have written him a letter.
If I had known his address, I would have written to him.
If I had known his address, I would have written.
If I had known how to do it, I would have done it myself.
If I had known how to do it, I would've done it myself.
If I had known it was going to bother you, I wouldn't have done it.
If I had known it, I would have gone there.
If I had known it, I would have told it to you.
If I had known it, I would have told you.
If I had known ten years ago that Galician was so easy, I would have added more than 50,000 sentences in that language to the Tatoeba corpus.
If I had known that Tom didn't know how to do that, I'd have shown him how.
If I had known that Tom would be there, I wouldn't have gone there.
If I had known that he was a gambler, I wouldn't have lent him the money.
If I had known that she didn't know, I wouldn't have said anything.
If I had known that the exam would be so easy, I would have studied much less.
If I had known that you were here, I would have come at once.
If I had known that you were sick, I could have visited you in the hospital.
If I had known that you were sick, I would have visited you at the hospital.
If I had known that, I wouldn't have come.
If I had known the facts, I would have behaved differently.
If I had known the news, I would have told you.
If I had known then what I know now I wouldn't have bothered.
If I had known what to do, I would've done it.
If I had known what you wanted me to do, I would've done it.
If I had known you needed help, I would have stayed and helped you.
If I had known you needed help, I would've stayed and helped you.
If I had known you were sick, I would have visited you in the hospital.
If I had known you wouldn't like it, I wouldn't have bought it.
If I had known your email address, I would have written.
If I had known your email address, I would've written.
If I had known your telephone number, I would have called you.
If I had known your telephone number, I would've called you.
If I had known, I would have acted differently.
If I had known, I would have done it.
If I had known, I would have helped.
If I had known, I would have told you.
If I had known, I would not have come.
If I had left a little earlier, I would have caught the last train.
If I had money enough, I could pay you.
If I had money, I could buy it.
If I had money, I could make the world go round.
If I had money, I would buy that camera. As it is, I cannot buy it.
If I had money, I would buy the computer.
If I had money, I would buy tickets for the concert.
If I had money, I would pay what I owe you. As it is, I can't pay.
If I had money, I would pay what I owe you. As it is, I can’t pay.
If I had money, I would travel around the world.
If I had money, I'd buy a computer.
If I had money, I'd buy that for you.
If I had money, I'd buy this computer.
If I had money, I'd give it to you.
If I had money, I'd go on a trip around the world.
If I had money, I'd travel all the time.
If I had money, I’d buy a computer.
If I had more experience, I could probably get that job.
If I had more for lunch, I wouldn't be hungry right now.
If I had more money I could buy this.
If I had more money I'd buy it.
If I had more money, I could buy it.
If I had more money, I could buy that.
If I had more money, I could do that.
If I had more money, I could move to a bigger house.
If I had more money, I would move to a bigger house.
If I had more money, I'd buy one of those, too.
If I had more money, I'd buy that for you.
If I had more money, I'd buy that one.
If I had more money, I'd buy that.
If I had more money, I'd buy this.
If I had more money, I'd do that.
If I had more time, I could do that.
If I had more time, I would learn how to dance.
If I had more time, I'd do that.
If I had my time over again, I'd try not to make all the same mistakes.
If I had my way, you would all be fired.
If I had not been convinced, I would not have found the courage!
If I had not gone to India, I would have been sitting at a beach in the UK now.
If I had not had a previous engagement, I could have come to the party.
If I had not overslept, I would have been in time for school.
If I had noticed her, I would have got her autograph.
If I had one million yen now, I would buy a car.
If I had one piece of advice to give to you, it would be that you'd better not play with our karma.
If I had one piece of useful advice to give you, it would be to never get closer to me if I'm feeling angry.
If I had only known before!
If I had only one smile, I would give it to you.
If I had power, I'd give everyone power, until no one had any power anymore.
If I had seen Tom yesterday, I would have talked to him.
If I had seen Tom yesterday, I would've talked to him.
If I had something to say, I would have already said it.
If I had something to say, I would've already said it.
If I had started learning these languages five years ago, I would know them now.
If I had studied English harder when I was at college, I could travel abroad at any time.
If I had studied Spanish last year as I am doing these months, I would speak much better now.
If I had taken that plane, I would be dead now.
If I had taken that plane, I'd be dead now.
If I had taken the key, I wouldn't be standing behind the door.
If I had taken the key, I wouldn’t be standing behind the door.
If I had ten eyes, I could read five books at the same time.
If I had the chance to do that again, I would.
If I had the money, I would buy a new house.
If I had the money, I would immediately acquire this computer.
If I had the money, I would immediately buy this computer.
If I had the money, I would immediately purchase this computer.
If I had the money, I would make a trip around the world.
If I had the money, I would often go out and have fun.
If I had the money, I would travel around the world.
If I had the money, I'd buy a new house.
If I had the money, I'd buy this computer.
If I had the money, I'd give it to you.
If I had the money, I'd go on a trip around the world.
If I had the money, I'd invite you to a trip around the world.
If I had the money, I’d go on a trip around the world.
If I had the time, I would gladly visit you.
If I had the time, I would visit you with pleasure.
If I had the time, I'd accept your invitation.
If I had the time, I'd do that.
If I had the time, I'd go to exhibitions more often.
If I had time and money, I'd travel to Europe.
If I had time to do that, I would.
If I had time today, I'd do that.
If I had time, I could help you.
If I had time, I could log in.
If I had time, I could log on.
If I had time, I could sign in.
If I had time, I would go to the movies.
If I had time, I would study French.
If I had time, I would willingly come with you.
If I had time, I'd accept his invitation.
If I had time, I'd come with you.
If I had time, I'd do that.
If I had time, I'd go to exhibitions more often.
If I had time, I'd go to the cinema with friends.
If I had time, I'd go to the movies.
If I had time, I'd help you.
If I had time, I'd visit more exhibitions.
If I had time, I'd visit you with great pleasure.
If I had to be your husband, I'd rather hang myself on the first tree.
If I had to choose between money and knowledge, I'd prefer knowledge.
If I had to choose between these two books, I'd choose the one with the yellow cover.
If I had to choose between those two books, I would choose the one with the yellow cover.
If I had to choose between those two books, I would take the one with the yellow cover.
If I had to choose, I'd say Bayern Munich.
If I had to define life in a word, it would be: Life is creation.
If I had to divorce every time I had an affair, I would have divorced thirty times by now.
If I had to do it again, I would!
If I had to hear about her hair one more time...
If I had to live alone on an island, I would be very unhappy.
If I had to study, I would stay at home every day.
If I had to sum up your attitude in one word, it would be arrogance.
If I had to surrender, I'd rather choose death.
If I had to surrender, I’d rather choose death.
If I had visited Murcia, I would have seen the cathedral.
If I had wanted it, I would have asked for it.
If I had wanted it, I would've asked for it.
If I had wanted your help, I would have asked for it.
If I had wanted your opinion, I would have asked for it.
If I had wings to fly, I would have gone to save her.
If I had wings to fly, I would've gone to save her.
If I had wings to fly, I'd have gone to save her.
If I had wings, I would fly to you.
If I had wings, I'd fly over the mountains.
If I had worked hard in my youth, I would be successful now.
If I had worked my land I would have various fruits.
If I had you do this for me, wouldn't I then receive an essential understanding of the fundamentals?
If I had your looks, I think I'd hang myself.
If I hadn't already bought this bicycle, I would've bought your old one from you.
If I hadn't already eaten, I would love to have had lunch with you.
If I hadn't already eaten, I would've eaten with you.
If I hadn't been around you wouldn't even be here.
If I hadn't been born, how would the world be?
If I hadn't been busy, I'd have been happy to help you.
If I hadn't cheated, I wouldn't had won.
If I hadn't cheated, I wouldn't have won.
If I hadn't come to Australia, this never would've happened.
If I hadn't come to Boston, this never would have happened.
If I hadn't come to Boston, this never would've happened.
If I hadn't come to your aid, you might have resigned by now.
If I hadn't done that, somebody else would have.
If I hadn't done that, somebody else would've.
If I hadn't done that, someone else would have.
If I hadn't done that, someone else would've.
If I hadn't had done it, someone else would've done that.
If I hadn't had his help, I would be dead.
If I hadn't had such a large breakfast, I would have loved to have lunch with you.
If I hadn't had this map, I would have gotten lost.
If I hadn't had this map, I would've gotten lost.
If I hadn't had your cooperation, I couldn't have finished the work in time.
If I hadn't known that, I would have gone.
If I hadn't met you back then, my life would've been completely different.
If I hadn't noticed, I would have told you.
If I hadn't overslept, I would have been in time for school.
If I hadn't overslept, I would've been in time for school.
If I hadn't remembered, I would have forgotten.
If I hadn't seen it with my own eyes, I would never have believed it.
If I hadn't seen it with my own eyes, I wouldn't have believed it.
If I hadn't seen the way they kissed, I'd have thought they couldn't stand each other.
If I hadn't wanted to be there, I wouldn't have gone.
If I hadn't written this book, I would have died in poverty.
If I hadn’t had his help, I would be dead.
If I hadn’t remembered, I would have forgotten.
If I hadn’t seen the way they kissed, I’d have thought they couldn’t stand each other.
If I happen to end up going abroad, I'd probably go for France.
If I happen to end up going abroad, I’d probably go for France.
If I happen to forget about them, God will forget about me.
If I happened to fall in love with a man, I would do it.
If I have a lot of money, I'll buy a new car.
If I have any doubts, I do some research on the internet.
If I have any more questions, I'll let you know.
If I have any more questions, where can I find you?
If I have any other questions, may I call you?
If I have any side effects, I'll call.
If I have enough time tomorrow, I'll go shopping.
If I have enough time, I'll do it right.
If I have made a mistake, excuse me.
If I have miracles, then maybe I am a holy person.
If I have more money than I need, I put it into my bank account.
If I have sinned, forgive me.
If I have six apples and give one away, how many apples do I have left?
If I have the chance to go to Algeria, I'll visit Bejaia and Tizi-Ouzou.
If I have the chance, I'll definitely travel to Beijing.
If I have the time and the money, I want to travel overseas.
If I have time and enough money, I'd want to go traveling in Europe.
If I have time and enough money, I’d want to go traveling in Europe.
If I have time, I may do that.
If I have time, I may go shopping this afternoon.
If I have time, I might do that.
If I have time, I might go shopping this afternoon.
If I have time, I want to do that.
If I have time, I will clean the house.
If I have time, I'll clean this room, too.
If I have time, I'll come.
If I have time, I'll do it.
If I have time, I'll do that.
If I have time, I'll drop by.
If I have time, I'll drop in.
If I have time, I'll help you.
If I have time, I’ll drop in.
If I have to be honest, I hate her.
If I have to go to Kyoto once more, I will have visited it four times this year.
If I have to humour your idea in any capacity, I better be getting something out of it.
If I have to leave early, can you stay here and wait for Tom?
If I have to listen to Mary's twaddle any further, I'll get mad.
If I have to wait 30 minutes, I'll order later.
If I have to wait 30 minutes, I’ll order later.
If I have to, I'll sell one of my cars.
If I have to, I'll sell one of my horses.
If I have told you earthly things, and ye believe not, how shall ye believe, if I tell you of heavenly things?
If I haven't eaten lunch, I faint.
If I hear one more peep out of you I'm sending you to your room without supper.
If I hear one more peep out of you I’m sending you to your room without supper.
If I hear one more sentence about tennis, I'll go crazy.
If I hear one more song about sailors or captains, I'm going to jump off a bridge.
If I hear someone talking about me, I don't pay any attention.
If I hear this song one more time, I'll knock you all out cold.
If I hear this word once more, I'm gonna wash your mouth out with soap.
If I heard a noise in the kitchen but was home alone, I would go to see what happened.
If I help you, will you help me?
If I hurt you, I'm sorry.
If I ignore it, it will go away.
If I ignore my hunger pangs long enough, they go away.
If I join the gym, will someone go with me?
If I just try harder, I'll make it next time.
If I keep quiet, it doesn't mean I agree with you.
If I kept it in, it would only fester inside of me.
If I kept your secret, would you tell me the truth?
If I killed myself, everyone would be happy, wouldn't they?
If I kissed you, would you kiss me back?
If I knew Tom's address, I'd write to him.
If I knew an answer to this question, I would tell it to you.
If I knew anything, I'd tell you.
If I knew her address, I would write her a letter.
If I knew her address, I would write to her.
If I knew her name and address, I could write to her.
If I knew him better, I would tell him the truth.
If I knew his address, I could write to him.
If I knew his address, I would get in touch with him right away.
If I knew his address, I would have written him a letter.
If I knew his address, I would write to him.
If I knew how to use a computer, maybe they would pay me more.
If I knew it was going to upset you so much, I wouldn't have mentioned it.
If I knew it, I would tell it to you.
If I knew it, I would tell you.
If I knew it, I wouldn't have come.
If I knew she was home, I never opened the door.
If I knew that, I'd tell you.
If I knew that, I’d tell you.
If I knew the answer to the question, I would tell you.
If I knew the answer, I would not ask you.
If I knew the answer, I wouldn't have asked you.
If I knew the truth, I would tell you.
If I knew the truth, I'd tell you.
If I knew then what I know now, I wouldn't have done that.
If I knew what I know now.
If I knew what I was looking for, I'd find it sooner.
If I knew what the picture was going to be like I wouldn’t make it. It was almost like it was made already. The challenge is more about trying to make what you can’t think of.
If I knew what to do, I'd be doing it.
If I knew what was going on, I'd tell you.
If I knew where Tom and Mary were, I'd tell you.
If I knew where Tom lived, I'd tell you.
If I knew where Tom was, I'd tell you.
If I knew where was the solution.
If I knew where was the truth.
If I knew you better, perhaps I would have let you in.
If I knew you were sick, I would have gone to the hospital to pay you a visit.
If I knew, I wouldn't have done that.
If I know the context, I understand the text.
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
If I learn anything new, I'll let you know.
If I learn the French of France, will I be able to understand Canadian French speakers?
If I learn to play the washboard and you learn to play the kazoo, maybe we can join a jug band.
If I leave my suitcase here, will you watch it for me?
If I leave now, I should be home by 2:30.
If I leave now, I'll be home by 2:30.
If I left this city, I would lose all my loved ones.
If I lend money to a man, I like to know whether he's going to pay it back; I may not care whether he does or not, but I like to know.
If I let you do it, then everyone else will want to be allowed to do it too.
If I lift that piano, I'll get hernia.
If I like him it's because he's sincere.
If I like it there, I'll stay.
If I lose my job, I won't have any money to feed my family.
If I lose my way while in Japan, who should I ask for help?
If I lose your love, I lose everything.
If I lose, I'm taking you down with me.
If I lose, woe unto me on that day!
If I lose, you'll lose too.
If I lost my key, I wouldn't be able to lock the door.
If I lost my key, I wouldn’t be able to lock the door.
If I love entertaining myself with males, it's not my fault.
If I love one, but one does not love the one I loved when one loved me, and one is one, but one does not love one unless the one that is one loves one, then does one love one, or does one not love one?
If I love you, what business is it of yours?
If I make a mistake, it only shows you I am not a machine.
If I make a poor choice and I only have two or three options, it's very easy for me to blame the lack of options.
If I make an exception for you, everyone will expect the same treatment.
If I marry, I do want to marry a famous man.
If I may speak freely, this ad is horrible.
If I may speak from my own experience, the more difficult the problem is the more essential that becomes.
If I may, I'll take this seat next to you.
If I may.
If I meant that, I would've said it.
If I meant that, I would've said that.
If I meet Tom, I'll surely punch him.
If I meet you I'm certain to think of my father.
If I mentioned the price at which I have bought your love, it is only to show how much I prize it.
If I met Jesus, I'd check out his abs.
If I met a dozen individuals during that month who were not going to Europe shortly, I have no distinct remembrance of it now.
If I miss the bus, I'll take the next one.
If I miss the train, I'll get on the bus.
If I miss the train, I'll take the bus.
If I miss the train, just start without me.
If I need money, I'll ask my father.
If I offended Tom, then he should say so!
If I only had a ladder, we could reach the top shelf and finally retrieve those old books.
If I owe a person money, and cannot pay him, and he threatens to put me in prison, another person can take the debt upon himself, and pay it for me.
If I paint an apple orange, does that make it an orange?
If I passed by my mom's house, I'd take the jacket I forgot.
If I pay for private treatment, how will my NHS care be affected?
If I pay you a dollar, we'll be even.
If I pay you a dollar, we’ll be even.
If I promise to return this tomorrow, may I borrow this?
If I promised it, I'll do it.
If I propose, you will propose as well.
If I punch myself and it hurts, am I weak or strong?
If I read a thousand books in English, will I become fluent in it?
If I read this book once more, I shall have read it three times.
If I really want to do something, I'll have limitless time to do it, since time (the present moment, the now) has no dimension.
If I really were rich, I'd never work in a place like this.
If I refuse to fight, I'll be considered a coward.
If I remember correctly, Boston is beautiful this time of year.
If I remember correctly, I think we have to turn left at the next corner.
If I remember correctly, I was given this amplifier as a present for my sixteenth birthday.
If I remember correctly, Tom and Mary are cousins.
If I remember correctly, Tom and Mary got married in 2013.
If I remember correctly, Tom and Mary got married in October of 2003.
If I remember correctly, Tom sold his car to Mary for just 500 dollars.
If I remember correctly, Tom sold his car to Mary for only 500 dollars.
If I remember correctly, Tom used to be a carpenter.
If I remember correctly, Tom used to live in Boston.
If I remember correctly, Tom was born in Boston.
If I remember correctly, Tom's birthday is October 20th.
If I remember correctly, Tom's birthday is in October.
If I remember correctly, he has five siblings.
If I remember correctly, it was a Thursday when Ziri texted me.
If I remember correctly, that happened on a Monday.
If I remember correctly, that's the song Tom sang at Mary's wedding.
If I remember correctly, that's the song that Tom sang at Mary's wedding.
If I remember correctly, that's what Tom said.
If I remember correctly, that's what you said.
If I remember correctly, that’s the song Tom sang at Mary’s wedding.
If I remember correctly, the last time we saw each other was three years ago.
If I remember correctly, they're cousins.
If I remember correctly, you were quite optimistic at that time.
If I remember correctly, you were the one who pulled away from me, not the other way around.
If I remember rightly, we should turn left at the next corner.
If I said I had a conversation with an alien, they would think I was crazy.
If I said I had lied, would you believe me?
If I said that, I'd be lying.
If I said you had a beautiful body would you hold it against me?
If I saw Anca, I would probably not recognize her.
If I saw a boy steal something in the supermarket, I would report him to the manager.
If I say it was a raccoon, it was a raccoon. Leave it at that.
If I say jump, you jump.
If I say that I like you, will you give me your shoes?
If I say there's nothing wrong, there's nothing wrong.
If I say, "God could exist, but I believe God doesn't," does that make me an atheist?
If I scold you, it is not that I am angry.
If I scold you, it is that I want you to improve.
If I screw up, what's the worst that can happen?
If I search for "什么" using Simplified Chinese, I expect to also see "甚麼" in the results.
If I see Mary, I'll tell her that you're looking for her.
If I see Mary, I'll tell her that.
If I see Tom and Mary, I'll tell them that you're looking for them.
If I see Tom and Mary, I'll tell them that.
If I see Tom here, I will throw him out.
If I see Tom, I'll tell him that you're looking for him.
If I see Tom, I'll tell him that.
If I see Tom, I'll tell him you're looking for him.
If I see Tom, I’ll tell him you were looking for him.
If I see a box of fig bars, I'm going to grab them, run into woods, hide behind a tree, and eat the whole box.
If I see a child smile, it catches on, and then I'm smiling too.
If I see it often enough, I'll remember it.
If I see you around here again, I'll kill you.
If I see you next to Ziri again, I'll tear your hair out.
If I sell it for a lower price, I get no profit.
If I send it by air mail, how much will it cost?
If I set the language to "French (Canada)," then it comes out as "courriel;" but if I set it to "French (France)," it appears as "e-mail."
If I should be late getting home, please don't wait up for me.
If I should be late getting home, please don’t wait up for me.
If I should be late, start dinner without me.
If I should be suddenly spoken to in English, I might run away.
If I should die, please offer my heart to someone who needs it.
If I should ever die, God forbid, let this be my epitaph: The only proof he needed for the existence of God was music.
If I should fail again, I would give up the plan.
If I should fail, I would try again.
If I should fail, what would my parents say.
If I should fail, what would my parents say?
If I should make a lot of money, I would give you half of it.
If I showed you my house, my neighborhood back then, would you understand where I am from?
If I sit down, I'm afraid I wouldn't want to get up.
If I sit down, I'm afraid that I wouldn't want to get up.
If I slap you, the whole city will suffocate from face powder.
If I sleep at all, it would be with one eye open.
If I sow this pebble, will a mountain grow?
If I speak French, most of the people in the room won't understand me.
If I speak in the tongues of men and of angels, but have not love, I am a noisy gong or a clanging cymbal. And if I have prophetic powers, and understand all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have all faith, so as to remove mountains, but have not love, I am nothing. If I give away all I have, and if I deliver up my body to be burned, but have not love, I gain nothing.
If I spent my whole life working, I'm sure I could get a lot done, more than I think. But I don't want to live just for the sake of productivity.
If I stand on my tiptoes, I can touch the ceiling.
If I start crying, I wouldn't be able to stop.
If I start eating potato chips, I can't stop.
If I stay at home, I'll get bored.
If I stay here the same thing will happen to me which happens to all other boys and girls. They are sent to school, and whether they want to or not, they must study. As for me, let me tell you, I hate to study! It's much more fun, I think, to chase after butterflies, climb trees, and steal birds' nests.
If I stay silent, it doesn't mean that I agree with you.
If I stay up all night studying, I might fall asleep during the test.
If I stayed up all night studying, I'd probably fall asleep during the test.
If I still think about those moments I feel sick.
If I stopped procrastinating, my life would be amazing.
If I succeed, many, many months, perhaps years, will pass before you and I may meet. If I fail, you will see me again soon, or never.
If I take a hot shower, the mirror in the bathroom fogs up.
If I take my glasses off, I can't see.
If I take the 2:30 train, when will I arrive in Boston?
If I take the train today, tomorrow I'll already be in Beijing.
If I talk about change, I mean the change for better.
If I tell about it, they will look at me with big eyes.
If I tell her the truth, she will never forgive me.
If I tell him the truth, I know our relationship is over.
If I tell him the truth, she will never forgive me.
If I tell him, then it's as good as done. He'll definitely take care of it.
If I tell my mother, she'll worry, so I don't think I'll tell her.
If I tell my mother, she’ll worry, so I don’t think I’ll tell her.
If I tell the truth, I'll be killed.
If I tell you a secret, do you promise not to tell?
If I tell you a story, will you go to sleep?
If I tell you he is eloquent, it is because it is true.
If I tell you how it's done, will you do it?
If I tell you my opinion, you'll laugh.
If I tell you not to run around, would you have any comments?
If I tell you not to think about elephants, the first thing you think about is elephants.
If I tell you something, will you promise not to tell anyone else?
If I tell you what I need, can you buy it for me?
If I tell you what needs to be done, will you do it?
If I tell you what you should do, will you do it?
If I tell you, I'll be in a lot of trouble.
If I tell you, do you promise to keep it a secret?
If I tell you, then the whole office will find out.
If I tell you, then the whole office will know.
If I think about an old lady from Osaka, the image of someone wearing clothes with an animal pattern comes to mind.
If I think it's truly something I need to do, I'll do it properly.
If I thought I could get away with it, I wouldn't pay tax at all.
If I thought I could get away with it, I wouldn’t pay tax at all.
If I thought that might really work, I might consider doing it that way.
If I told you I loved you, would you believe me?
If I told you that their couple won't make it more than three months, would you believe me? Well, all bets are off at this point, we'll see about that!
If I told you to see a psychiatrist, that doesn't mean that I think you're deranged.
If I told you what goes through my head each time you do that, you'd quit it immediately.
If I told you what to do, would you do it?
If I told you, I'd have to kill you.
If I told you, you wouldn't believe me.
If I told you, you wouldn't understand.
If I tried to wear shoes with heels that high, I'd sprain my ankle.
If I tried to wear shoes with heels that high, I’d sprain my ankle.
If I truly care about the poor, then why on earth am I not a Communist? It is precisely because I care about the poor that I am not a Communist.
If I understand correctly, I've been taken for a ride.
If I understood, I would tell you.
If I use the more expensive shampoo, my hair will be more "silky" than if I just use the normal one.
If I visit Nara again, I will have visited it four times.
If I wait, what's the possibility I can get a seat?
If I wait, what’s the possibility I can get a seat?
If I wake up in the morning with a goal, I feel happy because I have a reason to get up.
If I walk out that door I'm gone and I'm never coming back.
If I want it so badly, I need to cultivate it. I have no choice.
If I want something, I get it.
If I want something, how can I get it?
If I want to do anything, you want me to do something else.
If I want to go, I'll let you know.
If I want to have sex in my seventies, I have the right to a place that provides me that pleasure.
If I want to master a foreign language, I must study as much as possible.
If I want to stay here, I can.
If I want to tell this to everyone, open every door and window.
If I want to, I can do it.
If I want to, I can, but I don't want to.
If I want your help, I'll ask you for it.
If I want your opinion I'll ask you for it.
If I want your opinion I'll give it to you.
If I want your opinion, I'll ask for it.
If I want, they will kill her.
If I want, they will kill you.
If I wanted that, I'd say so.
If I wanted to do that, I would have already done it.
If I wanted to kill you, I could kill you.
If I wanted to learn Sumerian I would download a textbook or two, work my way through it, and also find university resources on the language, such as dictionaries and grammars hosted by universities. For a lot of dead languages, universities and university-quality scholarly websites host a ton of resources. Sumerian will be more sparse than Latin or Greek, maybe even than Old English, but I can't imagine there are no good free resources hosted by universities.
If I wanted to read a commentary on Capital, I would read one by someone who was more critical of the Soviet Union than Michael Parenti.
If I wanted to scare you, I would have told you about what I dreamt about a few weeks ago.
If I wanted to scare you, I would tell you what I dreamt about a few weeks ago.
If I wanted to scare you, I'd tell you about what I dreamt of a few weeks ago.
If I wanted to stop speaking to all the people I despise, I would have to take a vow of silence.
If I wanted to, I could do that.
If I wanted your help, I would have asked you for it.
If I wanted your help, I would've asked you for it.
If I was Tom, I would've punched Mary in the face.
If I was a millionaire, I would help many people.
If I was a millionaire, I would help several people.
If I was a millionaire, I'd help several people.
If I was a millionaire, It'd help many people.
If I was a mom, my kids would hate me!
If I was born again, I'd like to be a cat.
If I was ever going to announce my retirement, it wouldn't be in a downtown Los Angeles hotel with this fairly ugly carpet.
If I was going to give you three hundred dollars, what would you spend it on?
If I was going to the African continent where would be the safest and most sanitary place?
If I was in Yanni's shoes, I would have done the same thing.
If I was left alone on the elevator at four in the morning, I'd shout to attract the neighbors' attention.
If I was left alone on the elevator at four in the morning, I’d shout to attract the neighbors’ attention.
If I was married to her mother, I'd go to a psychiatric hospital.
If I was reincarnated, I'd want to be a cat.
If I was rich I'd buy a house by the sea.
If I was twenty years old I would be able to vote.
If I was you, I wouldn't go in there.
If I was you, I wouldn’t do such a thing.
If I was you, I'd leave it alone.
If I was you, I'd study.
If I was your boyfriend, I never let you go.
If I wasn't a human girl, I think I'd like to be a bee and live among the flowers.
If I wasn't here, this office would be in chaos in three days.
If I wasn't poor, I would buy the car.
If I wasn't so hungry, I wouldn't eat this.
If I wasn’t here, this office would be in chaos in three days.
If I watch a thousand movies in English, will I become fluent in it?
If I wear these clothes, people will think I am you.
If I wear this perfume, I get the feeling that I might become a little more attractive.
If I wear this perfume, maybe the guys will like me more.
If I wear this perfume, maybe the ladies will like me more.
If I wear this perfume, maybe the singles will like me more.
If I went and tried to tell an island full of people I was their ruler, and they told me to fuck off, would I have the right to force my rule on them?
If I were American, I would be proud of it.
If I were American, I'd be proud of it.
If I were God I would damn assholes to hell, not same-sex lovers.
If I were Mary, I wouldn't get myself so involved in people's business.
If I were Tom, I would have punched Mary in the face.
If I were Tom, I would never marry Mary.
If I were Tom, I would've punched Mary in the face.
If I were Tom, I'd refuse to do that.
If I were Tom, I'd sue them.
If I were a bad demolitionist, I wouldn't be sitting here discussing it with you now, would I?
If I were a bird, I could fly away now.
If I were a bird, I could fly to you.
If I were a bird, I could fly, but my worries would not be smaller – just different.
If I were a bird, I would fly over the sea all the time.
If I were a bird, I would fly to you.
If I were a bird, I would have been able to fly to you.
If I were a bird, I would want to fly to your side.
If I were a boy, I could join a baseball team.
If I were a boy, I could join the baseball team.
If I were a boy, I think I could understand.
If I were a brain in a vat, I wouldn't write this.
If I were a brain in a vat, I wouldn’t write this.
If I were a cat I'd spend my 9 lives with you.
If I were a flower, I'd be a rose.
If I were a foreigner, I probably couldn't eat raw fish.
If I were a foreigner, I probably wouldn't be able to eat raw fish.
If I were a giant, I'd live on a big deserted island and eat whales for breakfast.
If I were a girl, I'd be a tomboy.
If I were a man, I think I'd be a priest.
If I were a rich man, I would buy you a diamond ring.
If I were a rich man, I wouldn't have to work hard.
If I were a shareholder, I'd be upset.
If I were a soldier, I would not want to go to war.
If I were a soldier, I wouldn't want to go to war.
If I were a stop light, I'd turn red every time you passed by, so I could look at you a bit longer.
If I were a sultan, I'd have three wives!
If I were abroad and I ran out of money, I would call my parents to ask for more.
If I were again beginning my studies, I would follow Plato's advice and start with mathematics.
If I were an animal, I would be a cat.
If I were an animal, I'd be a dolphin.
If I were an undercover cop, do you think I'd tell you?
If I were asked to choose between execution and life in prison I would, of course, choose the latter. It's better to live somehow than not at all.
If I were caught, do you know what would happen?
If I were eighty and she were still alive, I would be getting the same admonition.
If I were fluent in French, I'd be able to speak French.
If I were free, I could help you.
If I were free, I would accept his invitation.
If I were free, I would accept your invitation.
If I were free, I'd accept your invitation.
If I were going to buy a boat, what kind of boat would you recommend?
If I were going to tell anybody, I'd tell you first.
If I were happy without you, I wouldn't wish to have you back.
If I were happy, I would play much better.
If I were healthy, I could go on a hike.
If I were healthy, I would be happy.
If I were healthy, I'd be happy.
If I were him, I would've noped the fuck outta there real quick.
If I were him, I wouldn't put up with it.
If I were in Tom's shoes, I'd do the same thing.
If I were in Tom's shoes, I'd refuse to do that.
If I were in charge, I wouldn't let the children do that.
If I were in charge, I'd ban all zoos.
If I were in charge, we wouldn't have this problem.
If I were in good health, I could pursue my studies.
If I were in her place, I wouldn't give up yet.
If I were in her place, I wouldn’t give up yet.
If I were in her place, I'd refuse to do that.
If I were in my kitchen now, I could add salt and pepper to the mushrooms.
If I were in that restaurant, I would feel really disgusted.
If I were in your place, I would buy it.
If I were in your place, I would call the doctor.
If I were in your place, I would lend him a hand.
If I were in your place, I would not do so.
If I were in your place, I wouldn't do such a thing.
If I were in your place, I wouldn’t do such a thing.
If I were in your position I wouldn't do that job.
If I were in your position, I probably wouldn't know what to do.
If I were in your position, I wouldn't do that.
If I were in your shoes, I would do it at once.
If I were in your shoes, I would help him.
If I were in your shoes, I wouldn't go at all.
If I were in your situation, I would do the same thing.
If I were in your situation, I'd ask him.
If I were invisible I wouldn't have to dress myself.
If I were invisible I wouldn’t have to dress myself.
If I were invisible, I wouldn't have to wear anything.
If I were more creative, I would try to write music.
If I were more creative, I'd draw "the foreign".
If I were more creative, I'd have finished hours ago.
If I were not ill, I would join you.
If I were not regularly searched at the airport for weapons, I wouldn't have a sex life at all.
If I were not such a blackguard myself, I'd call you one, for your treatment of your wife.
If I were prime minister, I'd give Clinton a good talking to.
If I were prime minister, I’d give Clinton a good talking to.
If I were really rich, I would never work in a place like this.
If I were reborn, I would want to learn the violin.
If I were rich, I could buy that house.
If I were rich, I would buy a fine house.
If I were rich, I would buy it.
If I were rich, I would do so. As it is, I can do nothing.
If I were rich, I would go abroad.
If I were rich, I would go travelling everywhere.
If I were rich, I would help many people.
If I were rich, I would help out many people.
If I were rich, I would help you.
If I were rich, I would study abroad, but as it is I can't do so.
If I were rich, I would study abroad, but as it is I can’t do so.
If I were rich, I would travel a lot.
If I were rich, I would travel.
If I were rich, I wouldn't work.
If I were rich, I'd buy a car.
If I were rich, I'd buy it.
If I were rich, I'd do the same thing as I do now: nothing.
If I were rich, I'd give you money.
If I were rich, I'd go abroad.
If I were rich, I'd help many people.
If I were rich, I'd pass my time in travelling.
If I were rich, I'd travel.
If I were some kind of rocket scientist, then this algebra would be super-duper easy-peasy.
If I were suddenly teleported three hundred years into the future, I don't know whether I'd be terrified or excited.
If I were the boss, I'd fire you.
If I were the head of a new charity to help old people, my main priorities would be providing health care and delivering hot meals.
If I were the restaurant owner, I would tell the staff to serve the customers with a smile.
If I were to ask him, he would tell me the truth.
If I were to be born a second time, I would like to be Canadian.
If I were to be born again, I would be a musician.
If I were to be reborn, I would like to be a bird.
If I were to become a member of the team, wouldn't I only become a burden?
If I were to die, what would my family do?
If I were to give my own child the name "Sakura," I would write it with these Chinese characters.
If I were to give you three hundred dollars, what would you spend it on?
If I were to go abroad, I would go by boat.
If I were to go abroad, I would go to France.
If I were to live abroad, I would live in Britain.
If I were to live again, I would like to be a musician.
If I were to live again, I'd like to be a musician.
If I were to make a potato tortilla, I would buy two dozen eggs.
If I were to pick a bone with him, and this is probably not the task of a foreword, it would be to question his apparent assumptions about the virtues of research.
If I were to run a marathon, I'd drop dead at the finish line.
If I were to see only one good film a month, I'd be happy.
If I were to spend more time strictly studying only for myself whilst minimizing red herrings online, I'd be more of the person I want to be.
If I were to study French, I'd prefer to study with a native French speaker.
If I were to study French, I’d prefer to study with a native French speaker.
If I were to tell him the truth, he would be angry.
If I were to tell you all I know, you would be amazed.
If I were to tell you the truth, you would be surprised.
If I were to tell you the whole truth, you would be amazed.
If I were to throw it away, would you be sad?
If I were to visit Australia, I would like to explore the aboriginal side of it, the aboriginal culture.
If I were twenty, I could vote.
If I were with you, every day would be summer.
If I were with you, it would be summer all year round.
If I were you I would ask her.
If I were you I would schedule a meeting with your language teacher.
If I were you I'd ask him.
If I were you I'd give him a hand.
If I were you I'd help her.
If I were you I'd help him.
If I were you, I should not do such a thing.
If I were you, I think I'd probably hit her.
If I were you, I would accept her offer.
If I were you, I would accept his offer.
If I were you, I would also do the same.
If I were you, I would apologise to Tom.
If I were you, I would apply for the job.
If I were you, I would apply for the scholarship.
If I were you, I would beg for her forgiveness.
If I were you, I would burn them.
If I were you, I would buy it.
If I were you, I would call the doctor.
If I were you, I would change the tires already.
If I were you, I would do exactly the same thing.
If I were you, I would do something else.
If I were you, I would do the same.
If I were you, I would do what I did.
If I were you, I would follow him to the end of the world.
If I were you, I would follow his advice.
If I were you, I would go home and take a good rest.
If I were you, I would go home at once.
If I were you, I would have done the same thing in such a difficult situation.
If I were you, I would help her.
If I were you, I would help him.
If I were you, I would ignore it.
If I were you, I would leave that word out of the sentence as I think it is a little offensive.
If I were you, I would not complain about the details.
If I were you, I would not do it.
If I were you, I would not do that.
If I were you, I would not have asked him about it.
If I were you, I would not have said such nonsense.
If I were you, I would not light a fire in a forest in summer time.
If I were you, I would paint it blue.
If I were you, I would pay more attention to the teacher's advice.
If I were you, I would propose to her.
If I were you, I would quit my job and leave Australia.
If I were you, I would quit my job and leave Boston.
If I were you, I would quit my job and leave London.
If I were you, I would stay away from there.
If I were you, I would stay quiet.
If I were you, I would study hard.
If I were you, I would trust her.
If I were you, I would trust him.
If I were you, I would try to be successful.
If I were you, I would upload that.
If I were you, I would wait and see.
If I were you, I would walk.
If I were you, I wouldn't be greedy.
If I were you, I wouldn't believe him.
If I were you, I wouldn't buy that one.
If I were you, I wouldn't buy that.
If I were you, I wouldn't complain.
If I were you, I wouldn't do a thing like that.
If I were you, I wouldn't do it that way.
If I were you, I wouldn't do it.
If I were you, I wouldn't do so.
If I were you, I wouldn't do something like that.
If I were you, I wouldn't do such a rude thing.
If I were you, I wouldn't do such a thing.
If I were you, I wouldn't do that again.
If I were you, I wouldn't do that anymore.
If I were you, I wouldn't do that kind of thing.
If I were you, I wouldn't do that.
If I were you, I wouldn't do this.
If I were you, I wouldn't drink that.
If I were you, I wouldn't eat any of the mushrooms Tom picked.
If I were you, I wouldn't eat any of the mushrooms that Tom picked.
If I were you, I wouldn't eat that.
If I were you, I wouldn't give Tom the time of day.
If I were you, I wouldn't go at all.
If I were you, I wouldn't go in there.
If I were you, I wouldn't go live with him.
If I were you, I wouldn't go there by myself.
If I were you, I wouldn't go to Australia.
If I were you, I wouldn't go to Boston with Tom.
If I were you, I wouldn't go to Boston.
If I were you, I wouldn't go.
If I were you, I wouldn't have done that.
If I were you, I wouldn't hesitate.
If I were you, I wouldn't live with him.
If I were you, I wouldn't move to Australia.
If I were you, I wouldn't move to Boston.
If I were you, I wouldn't pass up such a good opportunity to make a few extra dollars.
If I were you, I wouldn't pitch my tent there.
If I were you, I wouldn't sell the garden.
If I were you, I wouldn't sell your land.
If I were you, I wouldn't sign that contract.
If I were you, I wouldn't sing that kind of song.
If I were you, I wouldn't sleep.
If I were you, I wouldn't take Tom seriously. He is a big braggart.
If I were you, I wouldn't talk to Tom.
If I were you, I wouldn't talk to him anymore.
If I were you, I wouldn't talk to him.
If I were you, I wouldn't tell Tom about that.
If I were you, I wouldn't think twice — but thrice.
If I were you, I wouldn't think two times, but three times!
If I were you, I wouldn't translate it literally.
If I were you, I wouldn't trust Tom.
If I were you, I wouldn't worry about that.
If I were you, I wouldn't worry.
If I were you, I wouldn’t be able to receive this shock.
If I were you, I wouldn’t do a thing like that.
If I were you, I wouldn’t do it.
If I were you, I wouldn’t do so.
If I were you, I wouldn’t do such a thing.
If I were you, I wouldn’t do that kind of thing.
If I were you, I wouldn’t live with him.
If I were you, I'd accept the offer.
If I were you, I'd accept their offer.
If I were you, I'd apologize.
If I were you, I'd apply for the job.
If I were you, I'd ask Tom for help.
If I were you, I'd ask Tom to do that.
If I were you, I'd ask Tom to help me.
If I were you, I'd ask Tom to help.
If I were you, I'd ask Tom what he thinks.
If I were you, I'd ask Tom.
If I were you, I'd ask for Tom's advice.
If I were you, I'd ask him.
If I were you, I'd ask the boss for a raise.
If I were you, I'd avoid Tom today.
If I were you, I'd avoid him like the plague.
If I were you, I'd avoid that place.
If I were you, I'd be able to succeed.
If I were you, I'd buy a new car.
If I were you, I'd buy it.
If I were you, I'd buy that one.
If I were you, I'd call a doctor.
If I were you, I'd change the tyres.
If I were you, I'd do something else.
If I were you, I'd do that the same way Tom is doing it.
If I were you, I'd do that.
If I were you, I'd do the same thing Tom does.
If I were you, I'd do the same thing Tom is doing.
If I were you, I'd do the same thing.
If I were you, I'd do the same.
If I were you, I'd do what Tom suggested.
If I were you, I'd follow Tom's advice.
If I were you, I'd follow her advice.
If I were you, I'd follow his advice.
If I were you, I'd forget Yuri.
If I were you, I'd get inside fast.
If I were you, I'd get out of the way.
If I were you, I'd give Tom a good talking to.
If I were you, I'd go home and rest.
If I were you, I'd go home and take a good rest.
If I were you, I'd go home and take a nap.
If I were you, I'd go home early.
If I were you, I'd go home right away.
If I were you, I'd go home.
If I were you, I'd go talk to Tom.
If I were you, I'd go this way.
If I were you, I'd go to Algiers.
If I were you, I'd go to Boston.
If I were you, I'd go to bed early tonight.
If I were you, I'd go.
If I were you, I'd help Tom.
If I were you, I'd hit Tom.
If I were you, I'd ignore it.
If I were you, I'd kiss Tom.
If I were you, I'd leave him.
If I were you, I'd leave it alone.
If I were you, I'd leave right away.
If I were you, I'd leave.
If I were you, I'd listen to Tom's advice.
If I were you, I'd listen to Tom.
If I were you, I'd offer to help Tom do that.
If I were you, I'd paint it blue.
If I were you, I'd put the money in a bank.
If I were you, I'd quit.
If I were you, I'd rather be me.
If I were you, I'd re-read the contract.
If I were you, I'd refuse to do that.
If I were you, I'd start immediately.
If I were you, I'd stay away from Tom for a while.
If I were you, I'd stay away from Tom.
If I were you, I'd stay away from that.
If I were you, I'd stay here until the rain stops.
If I were you, I'd stay out of sight for quite a while.
If I were you, I'd stay quiet.
If I were you, I'd study harder.
If I were you, I'd study.
If I were you, I'd take care of your life first.
If I were you, I'd take it easy.
If I were you, I'd talk to Tom.
If I were you, I'd think twice before going down that path.
If I were you, I'd think twice before going on that route.
If I were you, I'd try to get there early.
If I were you, I'd upload that.
If I were you, I'd visit the churches. You have no idea how beautiful they are.
If I were you, I'd wait and see what happens.
If I were you, I'd wait until Tom gets here.
If I were you, I'd wait.
If I were you, I'd want to know what Tom and Mary are doing right now.
If I were you, I'd want to know what Tom is doing right now.
If I were you, I'd watch my back.
If I were you, I'd work harder.
If I were you, I’d be able to succeed.
If I were you, I’d buy that one.
If I were you, I’d follow his advice.
If I were you, I’d put the money in a bank.
If I were you, I’d tell her everything about what happened.
If I were you, Tom, I'd stop moping about the house, go outside in this lovely autumn sunshine, and pick some blackberries before they go bad.
If I were you, the first thing I would say to Tom is thank you.
If I were you.
If I were young, I would go abroad.
If I were young, I'd do that.
If I were young, I'd go abroad.
If I were younger, I would go abroad to study.
If I were younger, I would start to build my own house.
If I were younger, I'd do that.
If I were younger, I'd go hiking with my children.
If I were younger...
If I were your wife, I would put poison in your coffee.
If I weren't bound by a promise, you'd all be in trouble.
If I weren't broke, I'd buy it.
If I weren't full, I would try all of those other pizzas.
If I weren't poor, I'd buy that car.
If I weren't sick, I'd join you.
If I weren't skint, I'd buy it.
If I weren't such a coward, I would have done it.
If I win the lottery, I'll be able to live high on the hog.
If I win the lottery, I'll quit my job.
If I win the lottery, I'll stop working.
If I win the lottery, I'm quitting my job.
If I win the lottery, I’ll be able to live high on the hog.
If I won a million euros, I'd probably move to another country with my mother.
If I won that amount of money, I would just spend it all.
If I won the lottery, I'd buy a new car.
If I won the lottery, I'd buy you a car.
If I won the lottery, I'd buy you a new car.
If I won the lottery, I'd never go to work again.
If I would make a clone army of philosophers, I would use you as my base line D.N.A.
If I wouldn't answer, I wouldn't talk.
If I wouldn’t answer, I wouldn’t talk.
If I write an example sentence, can you correct it for me?
If I'd been a bird, I could have flown to you.
If I'd been a bird, I could've flown to you.
If I'd been able to speak French then, I wouldn't have gotten into trouble.
If I'd been able to speak better French, I might've landed that job.
If I'd been at that meeting, I probably would've fallen asleep, too.
If I'd been at the meeting, I probably would've fallen asleep, too.
If I'd been better at French, I might've got that job.
If I'd been better at French, I might've gotten that job.
If I'd been here, none of this would have happened.
If I'd been here, none of this would've happened.
If I'd been in Tom's shoes, I'd have done that, too.
If I'd been in Tom's shoes, I'd have done the same thing.
If I'd been lucky, that wouldn't have happened.
If I'd been more like Tom, I wouldn't have had so many problems.
If I'd been there yesterday, I would've talked to Tom about that.
If I'd been there, I could've helped Tom.
If I'd been there, I would have suggested doing something else.
If I'd been there, I would've suggested doing something else.
If I'd been there, I wouldn't have allowed Tom to do that.
If I'd been there, I wouldn't have let Tom do that.
If I'd been there, I wouldn't have let you do that.
If I'd been there, I wouldn't have permitted Tom to do that.
If I'd been with you, I could have helped you.
If I'd been with you, I could've helped you.
If I'd bought the more expensive one, maybe it wouldn't have broken so quickly.
If I'd brushed my teeth more often when I was a kid, I'd have better teeth now.
If I'd done my best, I might've succeeded.
If I'd done that the way Tom suggested, it wouldn't have worked.
If I'd driven a little faster, we'd have gotten there on time.
If I'd had a bit more money, I would've bought it.
If I'd had a little more money, I could've bought a better one.
If I'd had a little more money, I could've bought something better.
If I'd had a little more money, I would have bought it.
If I'd had a little more money, I would've bought it.
If I'd had a little more money, I would've bought them.
If I'd had a little more time, I could've finished the report by myself.
If I'd had a map, I probably wouldn't have gotten lost.
If I'd had enough money on me, I would've bought it.
If I'd had enough money, I could have bought it.
If I'd had enough money, I could've bought it.
If I'd had enough money, I would have bought that computer.
If I'd had enough money, I would have bought that painting for you.
If I'd had enough money, I would have bought the book.
If I'd had enough money, I would've been able to pay for everything.
If I'd had enough money, I would've bought that computer.
If I'd had enough money, I would've bought that painting for you.
If I'd had enough money, I would've bought that violin.
If I'd had enough money, I would've bought the book.
If I'd had enough money, I would've gone to Australia with Tom.
If I'd had enough money, I'd have bought that.
If I'd had enough time, I could've seen more of Australia.
If I'd had enough time, I could've seen more of Boston.
If I'd had enough time, I would've been able to finish this yesterday.
If I'd had just a little more money, I could have bought that camera I wanted.
If I'd had just a little more money, I could've bought that camera I wanted.
If I'd had more money, I would have bought a better bicycle.
If I'd had more money, I would've bought a better bicycle.
If I'd had more money, I'd have bought that pen.
If I'd had more time, I would have written to you.
If I'd had more time, I would've written a longer letter.
If I'd had more time, I would've written to you.
If I'd had more time, I'd have written a shorter letter.
If I'd had the choice, I would've been an astronomer.
If I'd had the money, I would've bought that.
If I'd had the time, I would have done that.
If I'd had the time, I would've done that.
If I'd had the time, I would've dropped by your place.
If I'd had the time, I would've helped you.
If I'd had three dollars more, I could've paid the bill.
If I'd had time to do that, I would've.
If I'd had time, I could've helped you.
If I'd had time, I would have visited Tom.
If I'd had time, I would've done that.
If I'd had time, I would've gone with you.
If I'd had time, I would've helped you.
If I'd had time, I would've visited Tom.
If I'd just done what Tom told me to do, there wouldn't have been a problem.
If I'd know you wanted me to kiss you, I would've kissed you.
If I'd known I was going to have my photo taken, I'd have dressed a bit better.
If I'd known Mary was broke, I'd have offered to buy her lunch.
If I'd known Mary was in Boston, I'd have tried to visit her.
If I'd known Tom and Mary were broke, I'd have offered to buy them lunch.
If I'd known Tom and Mary were going to be in Boston, I'd have told you.
If I'd known Tom and Mary were in Boston, I'd have told you.
If I'd known Tom and Mary were in Boston, I'd have tried to visit them.
If I'd known Tom needed help, I could have helped him.
If I'd known Tom needed help, I could've helped him.
If I'd known Tom was broke, I'd have offered to buy him lunch.
If I'd known Tom was going to be here, I wouldn't have come.
If I'd known Tom was going to be in Australia, I'd have told you.
If I'd known Tom was going to be in Boston, I'd have told you.
If I'd known Tom was in Australia, I'd have told you.
If I'd known Tom was in Australia, I'd have tried to visit him.
If I'd known Tom was in Boston, I'd have told you.
If I'd known Tom was in Boston, I'd have tried to visit him.
If I'd known Tom was in the hospital, I'd have visited him.
If I'd known Tom's address, I could have visited him.
If I'd known Tom's address, I could've visited him.
If I'd known Tom's address, I would have visited him.
If I'd known Tom's address, I would have written him a letter.
If I'd known Tom's address, I would have written to him.
If I'd known Tom's address, I would've visited him.
If I'd known Tom's address, I would've written him a letter.
If I'd known Tom's address, I would've written to him.
If I'd known Tom's address, I'd have written him a letter.
If I'd known Tom's phone number, I'd have called him.
If I'd known about his illness, I would have visited him in the hospital.
If I'd known about his illness, I would've visited him in hospital.
If I'd known about his illness, I would've visited him in the hospital.
If I'd known about it, I would have told you.
If I'd known about it, I would've told you.
If I'd known about the meeting, I would have been there.
If I'd known about the meeting, I would've been there.
If I'd known about this earlier, I could've changed my plans.
If I'd known about this earlier, I would've changed my plans.
If I'd known as much about it then as I do now, I wouldn't have agreed to do it in the first place.
If I'd known her address, I would've written her a letter.
If I'd known how hard it was to let go of your hand, I wouldn't have touched it.
If I'd known it was going to make you angry, I wouldn't have done that.
If I'd known it was your birthday, I would've gotten you something.
If I'd known it was your birthday, I'd have baked a cake.
If I'd known it, I would've told you.
If I'd known it, I'd have told you.
If I'd known that Mary didn't know how to do that, I'd have shown her how.
If I'd known that Tom and Mary didn't know how to do that, I'd have shown them how.
If I'd known that Tom needed help, I could have helped him.
If I'd known that Tom needed help, I could've helped him.
If I'd known that Tom was in the hospital, I'd have visited him.
If I'd known that Tom wasn't going to help you, I would've offered my help.
If I'd known that Tom would be there, I wouldn't have gone.
If I'd known that it would come to this, I would have never consented.
If I'd known that the package was from Tom, I wouldn't have opened it.
If I'd known that was going to happen, I would have gone home earlier.
If I'd known that was going to happen, I would've gone home earlier.
If I'd known that you were coming over, I'd have baked a cake.
If I'd known that you were sick, I could have visited you in the hospital.
If I'd known that you were sick, I could've visited you in the hospital.
If I'd known that, I would've told you.
If I'd known that, I wouldn't have come.
If I'd known that, I wouldn't have done that.
If I'd known the package was from Tom, I wouldn't have opened it.
If I'd known the truth, I would've told it to you.
If I'd known the truth, I'd have told you.
If I'd known we were going to take a photo, I'd have dressed better than this.
If I'd known what was about to happen, I would have gotten out of there.
If I'd known what was about to happen, I would've gotten out of there.
If I'd known what was about to happen, I wouldn't have done that.
If I'd known what you were going to do, I'd've tried to stop you.
If I'd known where Tom and Mary were, I'd have told you.
If I'd known where Tom lived, I could've delivered the package myself.
If I'd known where Tom was, I'd have told you.
If I'd known you needed help, I would've helped you.
If I'd known you wanted me to kiss you, I would've.
If I'd known you were coming, I would've tidied the house up a bit.
If I'd known you were here, I'd have brought an extra sandwich.
If I'd known you were ill, I would've visited you in hospital.
If I'd known you were sick, I could've visited you in the hospital.
If I'd known you were sick, I would have visited you at the hospital.
If I'd known you were sick, I would've visited you in the hospital.
If I'd known you were there, I would've come immediately.
If I'd known you were there, I would've come in a heartbeat.
If I'd known you'd be so chuffed with that jumper, I would've knitted it sooner.
If I'd known you'd be so pleased with that pullover, I'd have knitted it sooner.
If I'd known your address, I would've sent you a letter.
If I'd known your number, I would have phoned you.
If I'd known your number, I would've rung you.
If I'd known your telephone number, I would have called you.
If I'd known your telephone number, I would've called you.
If I'd known, I would have told you.
If I'd known, I would've told you.
If I'd known, I wouldn't have come.
If I'd known, I wouldn't have done that.
If I'd left a little earlier, I would have caught the last train.
If I'd left a little earlier, I would've caught the last train.
If I'd left earlier, I wouldn't have missed the train.
If I'd left five minutes earlier, I would've caught the train.
If I'd noticed the problem, I would've told you.
If I'd noticed, I would've told you.
If I'd only known how Tom felt!
If I'd only known how Tom felt, I wouldn't have gone out with Mary.
If I'd only known that there was a possibility that that would happen, I'd have been more careful.
If I'd only known that there was a possibility that would happen, I'd have been more careful.
If I'd only known there was a possibility that that would happen, I'd have been more careful.
If I'd only known there was a possibility that would happen, I'd have been more careful.
If I'd only known.
If I'd only known...
If I'd only listened to my parents!
If I'd only read the contract more carefully!
If I'd only taken the time to read the instruction manual!
If I'd only taken your advice!
If I'd paid attention, I would have known what to do.
If I'd paid attention, I would've known what to do.
If I'd seen Mary yesterday, I would've talked to her.
If I'd seen Tom and Mary yesterday, I would've talked to them.
If I'd stayed any longer, I would have gotten bored.
If I'd stayed any longer, I would've got bored.
If I'd stayed any longer, I would've gotten bored.
If I'd studied French harder when I was at school, I probably wouldn't be so bad at it now.
If I'd studied French harder when I was in school, I'd probably not be so bad at it now.
If I'd studied harder, I'd have passed the exam.
If I'd studied harder, I'd have passed the test.
If I'd taken that plane, I wouldn't be alive now.
If I'd taken time to brush my teeth after breakfast, I would've missed my bus.
If I'd told the doctor the truth, then the diagnosis would've been more accurate.
If I'd wanted to go, I would have said so.
If I'd wanted to go, I would've said so.
If I'd wanted your advice, I would have asked for it.
If I'd wanted your advice, I would've asked for it.
If I'd wanted your help, I would have asked for it.
If I'd wanted your help, I would've asked for it.
If I'd wanted your help, I'd have asked for it.
If I'd wanted your opinion, I would have asked for it.
If I'd wanted your opinion, I would've asked for it.
If I'd wanted your opinion, I'd have asked for it.
If I'd won the lottery, I'd have stopped working already.
If I'd worked hard when I was young, I'd be successful now.
If I'd written it down, I wouldn't have forgotten.
If I'll go or not, I still haven't decided.
If I'll make it, we'll see again in February!
If I'm able to meet you I'll do it.
If I'm already struggling with basic things like this, I can't imagine what it's going to be like later on.
If I'm angry, shouldn't I let everyone know?
If I'm away from home for a period of time, I will stop mail delivery.
If I'm being honest with you, the music those kids were listening to seemed awful to me, but to them it was beautiful.
If I'm being honest, I think the ending of the film is not the best.
If I'm being honest, I was expecting something better.
If I'm elected mayor, I'll make the town great again.
If I'm eligible for anything in a few years it will be a hair transplant.
If I'm feeling better tomorrow, let's do that together.
If I'm feeling better tomorrow, let's sing together.
If I'm feeling frivolous I'll tidy up the house.
If I'm free, I'll be there.
If I'm going to be your boyfriend, you'll have to accept the good and the bad in me.
If I'm going to do that, I've got to do it soon.
If I'm going to have a wedding ceremony, I want it to be the best ever so I have no regrets!
If I'm going to have to do that, I'd rather do it right now.
If I'm here and you're there, who's flying the plane?
If I'm honest, I don't like it one bit.
If I'm honest, old age terrifies me.
If I'm in a hurry, I skip the garnish and serve the meal as-is.
If I'm in a pact, so is he.
If I'm late again, I'm going to be fired.
If I'm late, I'll be scolded.
If I'm late, I'll call.
If I'm late, I'll catch it.
If I'm late, don't wait for me.
If I'm late, leave.
If I'm late, you don't have to wait for me.
If I'm living in Madrid now, there's surely a reason!
If I'm lucky enough for the medicine to work I can get to sleep after 1am but if I don't take it then I can't sleep until about 4am.
If I'm lucky, I will arrive on time.
If I'm lucky, I'll arrive on time.
If I'm lucky, I'll get there on time.
If I'm lucky, I'm going to be your age, too.
If I'm lying, may God strike me down right now.
If I'm mistaken, correct me.
If I'm not back by midnight, give these documents to Tom.
If I'm not given it, I'll earn it.
If I'm not going to the party then I'm not doing anything specific anyway.
If I'm not home when you get there, just wait on the porch.
If I'm not home when you get there, please wait on the porch.
If I'm not home, just let yourself in.
If I'm not home, just let yourselves in.
If I'm not making my brain work, I can't feel right.
If I'm not mistaken, I don't think she's gone yet.
If I'm not mistaken, I haven't seen him before.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I already paid you for it last week.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've met you somewhere before.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen her around here.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen her somewhere.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen him around here.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen him somewhere.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen it here.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen it somewhere.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen them around here.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen them somewhere.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen you around here.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen you before.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen you once.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I've seen you somewhere.
If I'm not mistaken, I think he traveled.
If I'm not mistaken, I think he went through here.
If I'm not mistaken, I think she comes here from time to time.
If I'm not mistaken, I think she didn't go away.
If I'm not mistaken, I think she has gone home.
If I'm not mistaken, I think she is sleeping.
If I'm not mistaken, I think she passed through here.
If I'm not mistaken, I think she's already gone.
If I'm not mistaken, I think they passed this way.
If I'm not mistaken, I think they traveled.
If I'm not mistaken, I think we took a wrong turn back there.
If I'm not mistaken, I've seen that person before.
If I'm not mistaken, that is not possible.
If I'm not mistaken, the problem is we are out of gas.
If I'm not mistaken, we were here an hour ago. I think we're lost and going round in circles.
If I'm not really pregnant, I'm going to be so disappointed.
If I'm not too busy, I'll help you tomorrow.
If I'm not working, I'm slowly dying out inside.
If I'm not working, and if my mind isn't busy working, then my mind slowly tends to be drifting away.
If I'm not working, my mind slowly dies out.
If I'm reincarnated, I want to come back as a cat.
If I'm rich, I'll give you money.
If I'm ruining your fun, maybe I should leave.
If I'm to become a regular, I have to work twice as hard as the rest.
If I'm unemployed, I can't save up any money.
If I'm willing to take the risk, I don't see why you should care whether I do it or not.
If I'm wrong, I'll admit it.
If I'm wrong, let me know.
If I'm your president, we're going to protect Social Security and Medicare. You have my word.
If I've had two girlfriends, I can't be gay.
If I've made a mistake, please let me know.
If I've misjudged you, I'm terribly sorry.
If I've said anything stupid, forgive me.
If I've told you once, I've told you a thousand times.
If I've understood you right, you want to break up with me!
If Internet users are bees, who owns the beehives?
If Islam makes you feel closer to God, then I'm happy for you.
If Israelis have the right to defend themselves, why don't Palestinians?
If Ivanka weren't my daughter, perhaps I'd be dating her.
If I’d had a little more money, I would have bought it.
If I’d had more time, I’d have written a shorter letter.
If I’d known about his illness, I would’ve visited him in the hospital.
If I’d known the truth, I’d have told you.
If I’d taken that plane, I wouldn’t be alive now.
If I’m away from home for a period of time, I will stop mail delivery.
If I’m going to have a wedding ceremony, I want it to be the best ever so I have no regrets!
If I’m late, I’ll call.
If I’m late, I’ll catch it.
If I’m lucky enough for the medicine to work I can get to sleep after 1am but if I don’t take it then I can’t sleep until about 4am.
If I’m lucky, I will arrive on time.
If I’m not going to the party then I’m not doing anything specific anyway.
If I’m not mistaken, I think we took a wrong turn back there.
If I’m selling to you, I speak your language. If I’m buying, then you have to speak German.
If I’m to become a regular, I have to work twice as hard as the rest.
If I’ve told you once, I’ve told you a thousand times.
If James Bond is agent 007, who is 001?
If Jane does not rest more, she may have a nervous breakdown.
If Jane had not come to our home by car, I would have served her amazake.
If Jane's mother were in Japan, I could invite her to the Doll's Festival.
If Jane’s mother were in Japan, I could invite her to the Doll’s Festival.
If Japanese influence interests you, maybe read the article "Wabi-Sabi: A Way for Science (and the World) to Rediscover Itself."
If Jason should call me, tell him I'm not at home.
If Jason should call me, tell him I'm not in.
If Jason should call me, tell him I’m not in.
If Jessica doesn't start eating normally, she will become anorexic.
If Jesus Christ was born in September or October, whose birth are Catholics celebrating at the end of the month of December?
If Jesus Christ was the being which those mythologists tell us he was, and that he came into this world to suffer, which is a word they sometimes use instead of 'to die,' the only real suffering he could have endured would have been 'to live.'
If Jesus is a messiah of any group of people, it can't be the Jews.
If Jesus were among us, modern-day Westerners would certainly get him kicked out of social media.
If Jews had all the power in America, American foreign policy towards Israel would not involve blanket acceptance of every single one of its actions, as Evangelicals insist upon.
If Jews had all the power in America, Yom Kippur would be a national holiday instead of Christmas.
If Jews had all the power in America, fascists wouldn't attack us. They would distract from us using some other group.
If Jews had all the power in America, we'd be able to take off for Shabbat without endangering our jobs.
If Jo doesn't want to tell you, I will not tell you either.
If John and Jessica met, they'd definitely recognize each other.
If John catches Jessica in the room, she will be in huge trouble.
If John had come, I needn't have.
If John had come, I wouldn't have had to come.
If John had come, I wouldn't have had to.
If John had of come, I needn’t have.
If John moves, we won't be able to see each other anymore.
If John phones me, please tell him I'll be back by seven o'clock.
If John should call me, tell him I'll be back at seven.
If John should call me, tell him I’ll be back at seven.
If Katsumi doesn't get his own way, he gets angry right away.
If Katsumi doesn’t get his own way, he gets angry right away.
If Katsumi is not allowed to have his own way, he easily gets angry.
If Kyle Rittenhouse had been a left-winger, he would have been killed by U.S. Marshalls without trial.
If Kyosuke comes to visit, tell him I'm not in. I don't want to see him anymore.
If Kyosuke comes to visit, tell him I’m not in. I don’t want to see him anymore.
If Layla couldn't have her children, nobody could.
If Layla doesn't get an A, she will be mad.
If Layla lost her virtue, she would be shunned and nobody would want to marry her.
If Layla lost her virtue, society would probably find out.
If Layla ran away, where could she go?
If Lena had only sung in German, she would have won.
If Leonid wants to make it to his appointment, he needs to leave right now.
If Linda married Dan, she would have been killed as well.
If Lola doesn't say "yes" clearly, you'd better take it as a "no".
If Maria spoke less hastily, people would be able to understand her better.
If Maria won a lot of money in the lottery, she would probably establish a foundation.
If Marilla had said that Matthew had gone to Bright River to meet a kangaroo from Australia Mrs. Rachel could not have been more astonished.
If Markku had had more time, he would have written Liisa a longer letter.
If Mary asks me to help her, I will.
If Mary asks me to help her, I'll help her.
If Mary ate more vegetables, she'd probably be healthier.
If Mary came to Boston, where would she stay?
If Mary can have a cat, why can't I get a dog?
If Mary can help Tom, why can't she help John, too?
If Mary comes, give her this.
If Mary could lie about that, she is likely to lie about anything.
If Mary could speak French, I'd hire her right away.
If Mary could speak French, I'd hire her.
If Mary could swim she would go to the beach more often.
If Mary could've spoken French, she would've had more fun.
If Mary dances, it's to express her emotions.
If Mary did that yesterday, she probably won't do it again today.
If Mary didn't come here by bus, how did she get here?
If Mary didn't think we needed help, she wouldn't be here.
If Mary didn't want to be here, she wouldn't have come.
If Mary does that, she's sure to regret it.
If Mary does what we asked her to do, there will be no problem.
If Mary doesn't do what she's supposed to do, please let me know.
If Mary doesn't do what she's supposed to do, she'll regret it.
If Mary doesn't do what we've asked her to do, she'll regret it.
If Mary doesn't get an A on the test, her mother will be mad.
If Mary doesn't want to go, she doesn't have to.
If Mary doesn't want to help, she doesn't have to.
If Mary drops by, please give her this document.
If Mary finds out I told you this, she'll be furious.
If Mary finds out I told you this, she'll be very angry.
If Mary finds out what Tom did, she won't be happy.
If Mary finds out, she'll be furious.
If Mary finds out, she'll hit the roof.
If Mary gives you any advice, take it.
If Mary goes, I'll go with her.
If Mary had a lot of money, she'd do that.
If Mary had a lot of money, she'd probably buy herself an expensive car.
If Mary had asked for my advice, I would've advised her not to do that.
If Mary had asked for my advice, I would've advised her to do that.
If Mary had asked me for help, I would've helped her.
If Mary had asked me for some money, I'd have given it to her.
If Mary had been able to speak French better, she would've been able to tell everybody how she really felt.
If Mary had been discernible as a spy, she wouldn't have done her job very well. Even her husband had no idea.
If Mary had been here today, I'd probably have seen her.
If Mary had been here, she'd have helped us.
If Mary had been speaking French, I'd have been able to understand her.
If Mary had had enough money, she'd have gone to Boston with Tom.
If Mary had had something to throw, she'd have thrown it.
If Mary had known Tom's number, she could have called him.
If Mary had known how poor Tom was, she would've never married him.
If Mary had known what a bastard Tom was, she would have never married him.
If Mary had more money, she could do that.
If Mary had more money, she'd do that.
If Mary had more time, she could do that.
If Mary had more time, she'd do that.
If Mary had really wanted to do that, she would've.
If Mary had seen anything, she'd have told us.
If Mary had tried harder, she would've been able to do that.
If Mary had understood French, she would've known what was going on.
If Mary has a problem, you could help her.
If Mary hasn't told you yet, she probably never will.
If Mary is tired, let her go to bed.
If Mary isn't careful, she's going to get herself killed.
If Mary isn't here by 2:30, she probably won't come at all.
If Mary knew Tom's number, she could call him.
If Mary knew how to swim, she would go to the beach more often.
If Mary messes up again, she's going to get fired.
If Mary really had wanted to do that, she would've.
If Mary said she'd help, she will.
If Mary says that she wants to do that, ask her why.
If Mary slapped Tom, I'm sure he deserved it.
If Mary slapped Tom, I’m sure he deserved it.
If Mary spoke a little slower, people would be able to understand her better.
If Mary wants to do that, let her.
If Mary wants to drive, let her.
If Mary wants to leave, she can.
If Mary was angry before, she'll be furious now.
If Mary was planning not to be here, she would've told me.
If Mary were here, she could help you.
If Mary were older, she'd understand.
If Mary were to win a lot of money on the lottery, she'd probably go on a trip round the world.
If Mary would eat less, she'd be healthier.
If Mary would learn to be a little more positive about things, people would probably like her a bit more.
If Mary's boyfriend knew she was here now, he'd be very angry.
If Mary's mother hadn't meddled in their marriage, Tom and Mary might still be together.
If Mary's mother's son is my brother, then Mary is my sister.
If Mary's not careful, she's going to get injured.
If Mennad didn't wear a helmet, he would have had a concussion.
If Mennad doesn't go to the toilet, he's going to shit his pants right this second.
If Mennad knows about this, he would probably kill Baya.
If Mennad wants a war, he will get it.
If Mesoamerica interests you, maybe read the article "Sweet Cacao and Sour Atole: Mixed Drinks on Classic Maya Ceramic Vases."
If Michael had a girlfriend, I'd be the first to know.
If Michael really wanted to, he could easily kick the door down.
If Morocco and its allies expect Algeria to fight a large-scale war with them, they will never get their war.
If Mozart heard modern radio he'd run out into traffic and end it all.
If Nancy Pelosi visits Taiwan, China will make Washington regret that.
If Natsu marries Ando-san, then it will make "Andonatsu", won't it?
If Natsu marries Mr. Ando, then it will make a "red bean paste donut", won't it?
If Netanyahu annexes the West Bank, there will be major unrest in the Middle East.
If Oleg is there, Rima will not come.
If Pa-chieh were wedded to one of the three daughters, the others would feel aggrieved. So the widow proposed to blindfold him with a handkerchief, and marry him to whichever he succeeded in catching.
If Persians seem extraordinarily polite, perhaps it is because politeness is built into their language.
If Pietro does it again, I'll teach him a lesson.
If Prillie would spend less time making eyes at the boys over her slate she might do better.
If Putin is denazifying Ukraine, why did he send a Nazi mercenary group there?
If Raoul had just decided against going, none of this would've happened.
If Republicans hated pedophiles, they would disown Ted Nugent.
If Robert loses, you're the one who'll shave his hair.
If Robert wants to go to the competition, he should spend extra time at the rink.
If Rosetta's small lander successfully touches down this fall, tools aboard the 220-pound landing unit will analyze material below the comet's surface along with its internal temperature fluctuations as it hurtles through space.
If Russia invades, that means tanks or troops crossing the border of Ukraine again, then there will be, there will be no longer a Nord Stream 2. We will bring an end to it.
If Sam had woken up earlier, he wouldn't have missed the bus.
If Sami dares moving in, I'm moving out.
If Sami dares to come near Layla, I'll break him in half.
If Sami dies, where would he go?
If Sami doesn't want to convert to Islam, you can't make him do this.
If Sami is alive, we want to bring him home.
If Sami left you for another woman, how would you feel?
If Sami wants to live here, he'll have to live by my rules.
If Sami wants to survive on the island, he needs to find a source of clean water.
If Sami's affair was exposed, it would have ruined his reputation.
If Sami's affair was revealed, it would have been a huge scandal.
If Sami's affair were exposed, he wouldn't have been able to work as a teacher.
If Sarah Palin is elected president, Canada will be flooded with American immigrants.
If Satan could love, he would stop being evil.
If Scotland eventually recovers its stolen independence after over three centuries, I'll get myself dead drunk.
If Shakespeare were still living, he'd be over 450 years old.
If Smith leaves the school, who will take charge of our class?
If Spenser doesn't keep adding and translating sentences, the other contributors will surely surpass him.
If Spenser doesn’t keep adding and translating sentences, the other contributors will surely surpass him.
If Sue is coming by air, she ought to arrive very soon.
If Tatoeba is addictive, does this mean that Esperanto speakers are more addicted than speakers of other languages, and can this addiction be the basis of a new common culture?
If Ted were here, he could help us clean our room.
If Time is really only a fourth dimension of Space, why is it, and why has it always been, regarded as something different? And why cannot we move in Time as we move about in the other dimensions of Space?
If Tom Jackson is still alive, he'd be very old by now.
If Tom agrees to do that, I will, too.
If Tom agrees, I agree too.
If Tom and I are late, don't wait for us.
If Tom and I aren't home, just let yourself in.
If Tom and I aren't home, just let yourselves in.
If Tom and I don't hurry, we're going to be late again.
If Tom and Mary are going to be there, I won't go.
If Tom and Mary are going to do that, I won't do that.
If Tom and Mary are going to the zoo with you, I'll go, too.
If Tom and Mary are going, I'm going, too.
If Tom and Mary are happy, I am, too.
If Tom and Mary are happy, I'm happy.
If Tom and Mary are happy, so am I.
If Tom and Mary are here, you don't need to worry.
If Tom and Mary are tired, let them go to bed.
If Tom and Mary aren't careful, they're going to get injured.
If Tom and Mary aren't careful, they're going to get themselves killed.
If Tom and Mary aren't going to go, I won't either.
If Tom and Mary aren't here by 2:30, they probably won't come at all.
If Tom and Mary aren't your names, what are they?
If Tom and Mary ask me not to do that, I won't.
If Tom and Mary ask me to do that, I will.
If Tom and Mary ask me to help them, I will.
If Tom and Mary ask me to help them, I'll help them.
If Tom and Mary ask me to stay, I will.
If Tom and Mary ate more vegetables, they'd probably be healthier.
If Tom and Mary both want me to do that, I will.
If Tom and Mary came to Boston, where would they stay?
If Tom and Mary can help John, why can't they help Alice, too?
If Tom and Mary come, give them this.
If Tom and Mary come, please let me know.
If Tom and Mary come, please tell me.
If Tom and Mary come, won't you please let me know?
If Tom and Mary could speak French, I'd hire them right away.
If Tom and Mary could speak French, I'd hire them.
If Tom and Mary could've spoken French, they would've had more fun.
If Tom and Mary did that yesterday, they probably won't do it again today.
If Tom and Mary didn't come here by bus, how did they get here?
If Tom and Mary didn't think we needed help, they wouldn't be here.
If Tom and Mary didn't want to be here, they wouldn't have come.
If Tom and Mary do that, I will too.
If Tom and Mary do that, I will, too.
If Tom and Mary do that, I'll be happy.
If Tom and Mary do that, I'll do that, too.
If Tom and Mary do that, it would surprise me.
If Tom and Mary do that, it'll be a big mistake.
If Tom and Mary do that, let me know.
If Tom and Mary do that, please let me know.
If Tom and Mary do that, so will I.
If Tom and Mary do that, then we won't have a problem.
If Tom and Mary do that, they're sure to regret it.
If Tom and Mary do what we asked them to do, there'll be no problem.
If Tom and Mary don't come what are you going to do?
If Tom and Mary don't do that, I won't do that either.
If Tom and Mary don't do that, I won't either.
If Tom and Mary don't do that, it won't get done.
If Tom and Mary don't do that, it would surprise me.
If Tom and Mary don't do that, neither will I.
If Tom and Mary don't do that, who will?
If Tom and Mary don't do what they're supposed to do, please let me know.
If Tom and Mary don't do what they're supposed to do, they'll regret it.
If Tom and Mary don't do what we've asked them to do, they'll regret it.
If Tom and Mary don't go camping, I won't either.
If Tom and Mary don't go, I won't either.
If Tom and Mary don't go, I won't go either.
If Tom and Mary don't help us, we'll never be able to finish this on time.
If Tom and Mary don't swim, I won't either.
If Tom and Mary don't want me to do that, I won't.
If Tom and Mary don't want to go, they don't have to.
If Tom and Mary don't want to help, they don't have to.
If Tom and Mary drop by, please give them this document.
If Tom and Mary find out I told you this, they'll be very angry.
If Tom and Mary finds out what John did, they won't be happy.
If Tom and Mary give you any trouble, just call me.
If Tom and Mary go swimming, so will I.
If Tom and Mary go to Boston, so will I.
If Tom and Mary go, I will, too.
If Tom and Mary go, I won't go.
If Tom and Mary go, I won't.
If Tom and Mary go, I'll go with them.
If Tom and Mary go, I'll go, too.
If Tom and Mary had a lot of money, they'd do that.
If Tom and Mary had a lot of money, they'd probably buy themselves an expensive car.
If Tom and Mary had asked for my advice, I would've advised them not to do that.
If Tom and Mary had asked for my advice, I would've advised them to do that.
If Tom and Mary had asked me for help, I would've helped them.
If Tom and Mary had asked me for some money, I'd have given it to them.
If Tom and Mary had been able to speak French better, they would've been able to tell everybody how they really felt.
If Tom and Mary had been here today, I'd probably have seen them.
If Tom and Mary had been here, they'd have helped us.
If Tom and Mary had been speaking French, I'd have been able to understand them.
If Tom and Mary had more money, they could do that.
If Tom and Mary had more money, they'd do that.
If Tom and Mary had more time, they could do that.
If Tom and Mary had more time, they'd do that.
If Tom and Mary had really wanted to do that, they would've.
If Tom and Mary had seen anything, they'd have told us.
If Tom and Mary had tried harder, they would've been able to do that.
If Tom and Mary had understood French, they would've known what was going on.
If Tom and Mary have a problem, you could help them.
If Tom and Mary haven't told you yet, they probably never will.
If Tom and Mary join your team, I will, too.
If Tom and Mary mess up again, they're going to get fired.
If Tom and Mary really had wanted to do that, they would've.
If Tom and Mary said they'd help, they will.
If Tom and Mary say that they want to do that, ask them why.
If Tom and Mary spoke a little slower, people would be able to understand them better.
If Tom and Mary start laughing, I probably will, too.
If Tom and Mary swim, I will, too.
If Tom and Mary want me to do that, I will.
If Tom and Mary want to do that, let them.
If Tom and Mary want to go, I have no objections.
If Tom and Mary want to stay, I have no objection.
If Tom and Mary were angry before, they'll be furious now.
If Tom and Mary were here, I wouldn't have to do that.
If Tom and Mary were here, I wouldn't have to feed the dog.
If Tom and Mary were here, I wouldn't have to stay and take care of the children.
If Tom and Mary were here, they could help you.
If Tom and Mary were here, we'd be having more fun.
If Tom and Mary were older, they'd understand.
If Tom and Mary were planning not to be here, they would've told me.
If Tom and Mary win, I'll be happy.
If Tom and Mary work on it together, there shouldn't be any problems.
If Tom and Mary would eat less, they'd be healthier.
If Tom and Mary would learn to be a little more positive about things, people would probably like them a bit more.
If Tom approaches you, go away from him.
If Tom asked you to do that, would you do it?
If Tom asked you to jump off a bridge, would you do it?
If Tom asks about you, what should I say?
If Tom asks how he can help, what should I tell him?
If Tom asks me not to do that, I won't.
If Tom asks me to do that, I will.
If Tom asks me to help him, I will.
If Tom asks me to help him, I'll help him.
If Tom asks me to stay, I will.
If Tom asks you where I am, don't tell him.
If Tom ate more vegetables, he'd probably be healthier.
If Tom attacks you again, report it to me immediately.
If Tom becomes insulting, show him the door.
If Tom borrows something, he usually returns it damaged.
If Tom bothers you again, call the police.
If Tom breaks his promise, he'll regret it.
If Tom breaks up with Mary, he'll regret it.
If Tom calls again, tell him I'm busy.
If Tom calls again, tell him that I'm busy.
If Tom calls you, don't answer it.
If Tom calls, tell him I'll be there by 2:30.
If Tom calls, tell him I'm busy.
If Tom calls, tell him I'm not here.
If Tom calls, tell him I'm taking a nap.
If Tom calls, tell him we're on our way.
If Tom calls, wake me up.
If Tom calls, what should I say?
If Tom came back home, I'd be happy again.
If Tom came there, I would probably have an argument with him.
If Tom came to Boston, where would he stay?
If Tom can afford to buy a sports car, then a fortiori he can afford to pay his back rent to his roommates.
If Tom can do it, I can too.
If Tom can do it, I'm sure I can do it, too.
If Tom can do it, I'm sure I can, too.
If Tom can do it, I'm sure that I can, too.
If Tom can do it, anyone can.
If Tom can do it, let him do it.
If Tom can do it, so can I.
If Tom can do it, so can you.
If Tom can do it, you can do it too.
If Tom can do that, I probably can, too.
If Tom can do that, I'll eat my hat.
If Tom can do that, I'm sure I can do that, too.
If Tom can do that, so can you.
If Tom can help Mary, why can't he help John, too?
If Tom can wait, so can I.
If Tom can't do it, nobody can.
If Tom can't do that, I'll find someone who can.
If Tom can't do that, I'm sure I won't be able to either.
If Tom can't do that, maybe Mary can do it for us.
If Tom can't do that, no one can.
If Tom can't do that, nobody can.
If Tom can't do that, probably no one else can either.
If Tom can't do that, probably nobody else can either.
If Tom can't do that, we'll need to find someone who can.
If Tom can't tell me, then no one can.
If Tom can't tell you what you want to know, maybe Mary can.
If Tom comes by, tell him I'm not here.
If Tom comes here, ask him to wait for me.
If Tom comes to our team, we'll have a tremendous strength.
If Tom comes to see me, tell him I'm not at home.
If Tom comes today, I'll tell him.
If Tom comes, I will leave.
If Tom comes, I'll leave.
If Tom comes, give him this paper.
If Tom comes, give him this.
If Tom comes, give this paper to him.
If Tom comes, let me know.
If Tom comes, please give him this book.
If Tom comes, please let me know.
If Tom comes, please tell me.
If Tom comes, what should I say to him?
If Tom comes, won't you please let me know?
If Tom continues doing that, he'll get in trouble.
If Tom continues like this, he can lose his job.
If Tom could change your life for the better, he would certainly do it.
If Tom could do that, he would've already done it.
If Tom could do that, he would've already done so.
If Tom could have been here, it would've meant a lot to Mary.
If Tom could have spoken French, he'd have had more fun.
If Tom could speak French, I'd hire him right away.
If Tom could speak French, I'd hire him.
If Tom could've been here, it would have meant a lot to Mary.
If Tom could've been here, it would've meant a lot to Mary.
If Tom could've spoken French, he'd have had more fun.
If Tom couldn't do it, probably nobody else will be able to either.
If Tom couldn't do that, no one will be able to.
If Tom couldn't do that, nobody will be able to.
If Tom couldn't do that, probably no one else will be able to either.
If Tom couldn't do that, probably nobody else will be able to either.
If Tom cuts out caffeine he gets withdrawal symptoms.
If Tom did not have this pillow, he would miss it very much.
If Tom did not kill Mary, then who did?
If Tom did not kill him, then who did?
If Tom did that yesterday, he probably won't do it again today.
If Tom did that, it wouldn't surprise me.
If Tom didn't come here by bus, how did he get here?
If Tom didn't do it, then who did?
If Tom didn't do that, then who did?
If Tom didn't have this pillow, he'd miss it very much.
If Tom didn't have to be here, he wouldn't have come.
If Tom didn't kill Mary, then who did?
If Tom didn't kill himself, someone else did.
If Tom didn't know that he could count on you, he would never have asked for your help.
If Tom didn't need to be here, he wouldn't have come.
If Tom didn't think we needed help, he wouldn't be here.
If Tom didn't want to be here, he would not have come.
If Tom didn't want to be here, he wouldn't have come.
If Tom didn't want to do that, he would've told you.
If Tom didn't want to go with us, he should've told us.
If Tom didn't write it, who did?
If Tom didn't write this, then who did?
If Tom didn't write this, then who wrote it?
If Tom dies, what'll we do?
If Tom does that, I will too.
If Tom does that, I will, too.
If Tom does that, I won't have to.
If Tom does that, I'll be happy.
If Tom does that, I'll do it, too.
If Tom does that, I'll do that, too.
If Tom does that, I'll eat my hat.
If Tom does that, I'll hit him.
If Tom does that, I'll punish him.
If Tom does that, Mary will be angry.
If Tom does that, Mary will be happy.
If Tom does that, he'll be fired.
If Tom does that, he's sure to regret it.
If Tom does that, he’s sure to regret it.
If Tom does that, it would surprise me.
If Tom does that, it'll be a big mistake.
If Tom does that, let me know.
If Tom does that, please let me know.
If Tom does that, so will I.
If Tom does that, then we won't have a problem.
If Tom does that, will you do that, too?
If Tom does what we asked him to do, there'll be no problem.
If Tom doesn't come what are you going to do?
If Tom doesn't come, what are we going to do?
If Tom doesn't come, what will you do then?
If Tom doesn't do it tomorrow, he will do it the day after tomorrow.
If Tom doesn't do it, who will?
If Tom doesn't do that, I won't do that either.
If Tom doesn't do that, I won't either.
If Tom doesn't do that, I wonder who will.
If Tom doesn't do that, I'll be disappointed.
If Tom doesn't do that, it won't get done.
If Tom doesn't do that, it would surprise me.
If Tom doesn't do that, neither will I.
If Tom doesn't do that, who will?
If Tom doesn't do what I asked him to do, I'll fire him.
If Tom doesn't do what I ordered him to do, I will fire him.
If Tom doesn't do what he's supposed to do, he'll regret it.
If Tom doesn't do what he's supposed to do, please let me know.
If Tom doesn't do what he's told to do, he'll be punished.
If Tom doesn't do what we've asked him to do, he'll regret it.
If Tom doesn't do what we've told him to do, we'll fire him.
If Tom doesn't eat this, please give it to Mary.
If Tom doesn't get an A on the test, his mother will be mad.
If Tom doesn't get here soon, I'm leaving.
If Tom doesn't get here soon, let's leave without him.
If Tom doesn't get the job, I'll tell you.
If Tom doesn't get treatment soon, he'll die.
If Tom doesn't get what he wants, he'll sulk and pout.
If Tom doesn't go camping, I won't either.
If Tom doesn't go, I won't either.
If Tom doesn't go, I won't go either.
If Tom doesn't go, I won't go.
If Tom doesn't help us, we'll never be able to finish this on time.
If Tom doesn't help you, I will help you.
If Tom doesn't help you, I will.
If Tom doesn't help you, I'll help you.
If Tom doesn't help, I will.
If Tom doesn't hurry, he'll miss his train.
If Tom doesn't hurry, he'll miss the train.
If Tom doesn't know what to do, ask Mary.
If Tom doesn't mind, I'd like to join him for lunch.
If Tom doesn't receive treatment soon, he'll die.
If Tom doesn't study harder, he's not likely to pass the final exam.
If Tom doesn't surrender, shoot him.
If Tom doesn't swim, I won't either.
If Tom doesn't take the prescribed medicine, his state of health might deteriorate.
If Tom doesn't tell Mary, I will.
If Tom doesn't want me to do that, I won't.
If Tom doesn't want to do his homework now, he doesn't have to.
If Tom doesn't want to do that, he'll tell you.
If Tom doesn't want to do that, maybe Mary will do it for us.
If Tom doesn't want to go, he doesn't have to.
If Tom doesn't want to help, he doesn't have to.
If Tom doesn't work, he won't get anything to eat.
If Tom drops by, please give him this document.
If Tom drops by, please give this document to him.
If Tom escapes, it'll be your fault.
If Tom ever does that, I'll hit him.
If Tom ever does that, I'll slap him.
If Tom expects Mary to help him, he's going to be disappointed.
If Tom fails the test, he will have to find another job.
If Tom finds out I told you this, he'll be very angry.
If Tom finds out I told you this, he'll kill me.
If Tom finds out I've been talking to you, he's going to be upset.
If Tom finds out about this, he'll be upset.
If Tom finds out about this, we'll all be in trouble.
If Tom finds out that I told you this, he'll be very angry.
If Tom finds out what Mary did, he won't be happy.
If Tom finds out what we've done, we're totally toast.
If Tom finds out what you did, he'll kill you.
If Tom finds out, he'll be furious.
If Tom gets proper treatment, he can still be cured.
If Tom gives you any lip, let me know.
If Tom gives you any trouble, just call me.
If Tom gives you any trouble, just tell me.
If Tom goes swimming, I'll go swimming, too.
If Tom goes swimming, so will I.
If Tom goes to Australia, so will I.
If Tom goes to Boston, I will, too.
If Tom goes to Boston, so will I.
If Tom goes to the zoo with you, I'll go, too.
If Tom goes, I will, too.
If Tom goes, I won't go.
If Tom goes, I won't.
If Tom goes, I'll go too.
If Tom goes, I'll go with him.
If Tom goes, I'll go, too.
If Tom goes, I'll miss him.
If Tom goes, Mary will probably go, too.
If Tom goes, so will I.
If Tom had a lot of money, he wouldn't have to worry about this.
If Tom had a lot of money, he'd buy that for you.
If Tom had a lot of money, he'd do that.
If Tom had a lot of money, he'd probably buy himself an expensive car.
If Tom had asked Mary for advice first, he wouldn't have had this problem.
If Tom had asked Mary to stay, she would've.
If Tom had asked for my advice, I would have advised him not to do that.
If Tom had asked for my advice, I would have advised him to do that.
If Tom had asked for my advice, I would've advised him not to do that.
If Tom had asked for my advice, I would've advised him to do that.
If Tom had asked me for help, I would have helped him.
If Tom had asked me for help, I would've helped him.
If Tom had asked me for it, I would have given it to him.
If Tom had asked me for it, I would've given it to him.
If Tom had asked me for some money, I'd have given it to him.
If Tom had been a friend of mine, I would have advised him not to do that.
If Tom had been a friend of mine, I would have advised him to do that.
If Tom had been a friend of mine, I would've advised him not to do that.
If Tom had been a friend of mine, I would've advised him to do that.
If Tom had been a little more careful, he would have been able to do that.
If Tom had been a little more careful, he would have succeeded.
If Tom had been a little more careful, he would've been able to do that.
If Tom had been a little more careful, he would've succeeded.
If Tom had been a little more careful, he wouldn't have been injured.
If Tom had been a little more patient, he would have been able to do that.
If Tom had been a little more patient, he would've been able to do that.
If Tom had been able to speak French better, he would have been able to tell everybody how he really felt.
If Tom had been able to speak French better, he would've been able to tell everybody how he really felt.
If Tom had been brought to the hospital earlier, he wouldn't have died.
If Tom had been brought to the hospital sooner, he wouldn't have died.
If Tom had been careful, he wouldn't have gotten killed.
If Tom had been careful, this accident wouldn't have happened.
If Tom had been driving, we would've gotten here sooner.
If Tom had been here today, I would probably have seen him.
If Tom had been here, he'd have helped us.
If Tom had been here, it definitely would have made a difference.
If Tom had been here, it definitely would've made a difference.
If Tom had been speaking French, I would have been able to understand him.
If Tom had been speaking French, I would've been able to understand him.
If Tom had been there, I would have had an argument with him.
If Tom had been there, Mary would've been happy.
If Tom had been there, Mary wouldn't have done that.
If Tom had been there, he probably would've been killed.
If Tom had been there, he would've helped you.
If Tom had been there, he would've joined the fight.
If Tom had been there, it would have been different.
If Tom had been there, it would've been different.
If Tom had been there, it wouldn't have happened.
If Tom had been wearing a bullet-proof vest like the other police officers, he probably wouldn't have been killed.
If Tom had been wearing a bullet-proof vest like the other police officers, he probably wouldn't have died.
If Tom had been wearing a helmet, he wouldn't have been injured so badly.
If Tom had been wearing a helmet, he wouldn't have been so badly injured.
If Tom had been wearing a helmet, he'd have survived the accident.
If Tom had been wearing his seat belt, he wouldn't have been injured so badly.
If Tom had come there, I would have probably had an argument with him.
If Tom had done that to me, I'd be furious.
If Tom had followed my advice, he'd have made a lot of money.
If Tom had gone there, I wouldn't have had to.
If Tom had gotten Mary's advice, he would've succeeded.
If Tom had had enough money, he would have gone to Australia with Mary.
If Tom had had enough money, he would have gone to Boston with Mary.
If Tom had had enough money, he would've gone to Australia with Mary.
If Tom had had enough money, he would've gone to Boston with Mary.
If Tom had had more time, he might've done a better job.
If Tom had had more time, he would have visited us.
If Tom had had something to throw, he'd have thrown it.
If Tom had had time to do that, I'm sure he would've.
If Tom had had time to help us, I'm sure he would've.
If Tom had had time, I'm sure he would have helped Mary.
If Tom had had time, I'm sure he would have visited Mary.
If Tom had had time, I'm sure he would've helped Mary.
If Tom had had time, I'm sure he would've visited Mary.
If Tom had had time, he would have visited us.
If Tom had had time, he would've visited us.
If Tom had helped Mary, she could've done it more quickly.
If Tom had invited me to his party, I would've gone.
If Tom had known about the party, he would have come.
If Tom had known about the party, he would've come.
If Tom had known how crazy Mary was, he would've never asked her out.
If Tom had known we needed his help, he might've come earlier.
If Tom had known, I'm sure he would've told us.
If Tom had known, he would've told us.
If Tom had left at 2:30, he would have gotten here by now.
If Tom had left at 2:30, he would've gotten here by now.
If Tom had listened to me, he'd still be alive.
If Tom had made that investment, he'd be a billionaire today.
If Tom had money problems, I think he'd let us know.
If Tom had money, I'm sure he'd lend me some.
If Tom had money, he wouldn't be here.
If Tom had more money, he could do that.
If Tom had more money, he wouldn't work.
If Tom had more money, he'd do that.
If Tom had more time, he could do that.
If Tom had more time, he'd do that.
If Tom had not called me then, I might have killed myself.
If Tom had paid more attention in class, he probably would've passed the course.
If Tom had really wanted to do that, he would have.
If Tom had really wanted to do that, he would've.
If Tom had refused to do it, somebody else would've had to do it.
If Tom had refused to do it, someone else would have had to do it.
If Tom had refused to do it, someone else would've had to do it.
If Tom had said that to me, I'd have slapped him.
If Tom had seen anything, he would have told us.
If Tom had seen anything, he would've told us.
If Tom had seen what happened, he probably would've been shocked.
If Tom had spent a little more money, he could've bought a good pair of boots.
If Tom had started earlier, he'd be done doing that by now.
If Tom had stayed in his hometown, he never would have met Mary.
If Tom had stayed in his hometown, he never would've met Mary.
If Tom had stayed in his hometown, he would never have met Mary.
If Tom had studied harder, he probably would've passed the exam.
If Tom had studied harder, he probably would've passed the test.
If Tom had studied harder, he would have passed the exam.
If Tom had studied harder, he would have passed the test.
If Tom had studied harder, he would've passed the exam.
If Tom had studied harder, he would've passed the test.
If Tom had taught Mary how to do that we wouldn't be in a lurch now he's galavanting around Miami.
If Tom had time to do that, I'm sure he would.
If Tom had told me the truth, I would have forgiven him.
If Tom had told me the truth, I would've forgiven him.
If Tom had told us the truth, this wouldn't have happened.
If Tom had tried harder, he would have been able to do it.
If Tom had tried harder, he would have been able to do that.
If Tom had tried harder, he would've been able to do it.
If Tom had tried harder, he would've been able to do that.
If Tom had understood French, he would have known what was going on.
If Tom had understood French, he would've known what was going on.
If Tom had wanted more money, he should've asked for more.
If Tom had wanted our help, he should've asked for it.
If Tom had wanted us to help, he should've asked.
If Tom hadn't already been married, he might've been more interested in meeting Mary.
If Tom hadn't asked Mary to stay, she wouldn't have.
If Tom hadn't been busy, I would've talked to him longer.
If Tom hadn't been here, you wouldn't be alive now.
If Tom hadn't been injured, he might've won.
If Tom hadn't been sick, I'm sure he'd have gone with you.
If Tom hadn't been so insecure, he could probably have accepted Mary's love.
If Tom hadn't been there, Mary would've drowned.
If Tom hadn't been working last weekend, he would have gone fishing.
If Tom hadn't been working last weekend, he would've gone fishing.
If Tom hadn't called me then, I might've killed myself.
If Tom hadn't done it, somebody else would have.
If Tom hadn't done it, somebody else would've done it.
If Tom hadn't done it, somebody else would've.
If Tom hadn't done it, someone else would've done it.
If Tom hadn't done it, someone else would've.
If Tom hadn't done that, I would have.
If Tom hadn't done that, I would've.
If Tom hadn't done that, I'm sure Mary would've.
If Tom hadn't done that, Mary would have.
If Tom hadn't done that, Mary would've.
If Tom hadn't done that, somebody else would have.
If Tom hadn't done that, somebody else would've.
If Tom hadn't done that, someone else would have.
If Tom hadn't done that, someone else would've.
If Tom hadn't eaten the mushrooms he found in the woods, he'd be alive now.
If Tom hadn't gotten sick, he'd be here with us now.
If Tom hadn't helped Mary, she wouldn't have been able to do that.
If Tom hadn't helped Mary, she wouldn't have stood a chance of surviving.
If Tom hadn't helped Mary, she wouldn't have survived.
If Tom hadn't helped Mary, she'd never have been able to do that.
If Tom hadn't invited me, I wouldn't have come.
If Tom hadn't lied to us, this wouldn't have happened.
If Tom hadn't rescued Mary, she would have drowned.
If Tom hadn't rescued Mary, she would've drowned.
If Tom hadn't stopped Mary, she would've hit John.
If Tom hadn't tried to cheat - and had this attempt not backfired - he most probably would've won.
If Tom hadn't tried to kiss Mary, she wouldn't have slapped him.
If Tom hadn’t been so insecure, he could probably have accepted Mary’s love.
If Tom hadn’t helped Mary, she wouldn’t have stood a chance of surviving.
If Tom has a problem with me, he should tell me.
If Tom has a problem, you could help him.
If Tom has any problems, he should tell us.
If Tom has betrayed you before, he'll probably betray you again.
If Tom hasn't told you yet, he probably never will.
If Tom heard you talk that way, he'd be disappointed.
If Tom heard, he didn't let on.
If Tom helps us, we will help him.
If Tom helps us, we'll help him.
If Tom invited me to his party, I'd go.
If Tom invites me to his party, I'll go.
If Tom is anything like his brother, I won't like him.
If Tom is anything like his brother, he won't do that.
If Tom is conning us, we need to know.
If Tom is convicted, he faces life in prison.
If Tom is convicted, he'll likely spend the rest of his life in prison.
If Tom is going to be there, I won't go.
If Tom is going to do that, I will, too.
If Tom is going to do that, I won't do that.
If Tom is going to do that, I won't.
If Tom is going to the zoo with you, I'll go, too.
If Tom is going to walk there, I will, too.
If Tom is going, I'm going, too.
If Tom is happy, I'm happy.
If Tom is healthy, there's no problem.
If Tom is helping you, he could also help us.
If Tom is here, we have a problem.
If Tom is here, you don't need to worry.
If Tom is looking for someone to blame, it'll be Mary.
If Tom is really alive, where is he?
If Tom is right, Mary is in Australia now.
If Tom is right, Mary is in Boston now.
If Tom is right, then I'm wrong.
If Tom is rude to you again, I will punish him.
If Tom is still inside the house, then he's probably safe.
If Tom is the problem, maybe you should get rid of him.
If Tom is tired, he should go to bed.
If Tom is tired, let him go to bed.
If Tom is too busy I'll drive you to the airport.
If Tom isn't careful, he'll hurt himself.
If Tom isn't careful, he's going to break that.
If Tom isn't careful, he's going to get himself killed.
If Tom isn't careful, he's going to run out of money.
If Tom isn't going there, I'm not going either.
If Tom isn't going to go, I won't either.
If Tom isn't happy, I'm not happy.
If Tom isn't here by 2:30, he probably won't come at all.
If Tom isn't here by Monday, I'll go without him.
If Tom isn't here by Monday, we'll go without him.
If Tom isn't here by noon, we'll leave without him.
If Tom isn't ready by Monday, we'll continue without him.
If Tom isn't your name, what is it?
If Tom joins your team, I will, too.
If Tom jumped off a bridge, would you do it, too?
If Tom keeps acting like this, nothing good will happen to him.
If Tom knew how to swim, he'd probably want to go to the beach with us.
If Tom knows he's not actually real, what does that say about the fictional universe he lives in?
If Tom knows what's good for him, he won't ever show his face around here again.
If Tom leaves, I'll leave, too.
If Tom leaves, I'll stay.
If Tom likes it too, it isn't relevant at all.
If Tom loves Mary and Mary loves John, does Tom love John?
If Tom loves Mary, and Mary loves John, then Tom loves John?
If Tom makes one more mistake like that, he'll be fired.
If Tom makes one more mistake, he'll be fired.
If Tom messes up again, he's going to get fired.
If Tom needs help, we can give it to him.
If Tom phones, what should I say?
If Tom prepared the meal, I won't eat it.
If Tom promised he'll do that, he will.
If Tom promised that he'll do that, he will.
If Tom quits, I will quit too.
If Tom quits, I'll quit, too.
If Tom ran away, where could he go?
If Tom ran for president, I'd vote for him.
If Tom really had wanted to do that, he would have.
If Tom really had wanted to do that, he would've.
If Tom really liked me, he would have called me last night.
If Tom really liked me, he would've called me last night.
If Tom really liked me, he wouldn't have done that.
If Tom really liked me, he'd call me more often.
If Tom really loved me, he'd do that.
If Tom really tried to do that, he'd be able to.
If Tom refused to do it, someone else would have to do it.
If Tom refuses to do it, someone else will have to do it.
If Tom refuses, he will bear the consequences.
If Tom repeats it, I will intervene.
If Tom rings, what shall I say?
If Tom runs faster, he can win.
If Tom said he'd help, he will.
If Tom said it, it's probably true.
If Tom said that to Mary, she'd get angry.
If Tom said that, he was lying.
If Tom said three hundred dollars, he meant three hundred dollars.
If Tom saw you doing that, he'd cry.
If Tom says he doesn't want to do that, then stop trying to force him to.
If Tom says he doesn't want to, then stop trying to force him to.
If Tom says he wants to be a tiger, let him be a tiger.
If Tom says it's true, I guess it's true.
If Tom says that he wants to do that, ask him why.
If Tom sees that, he'll be furious.
If Tom sees that, he'll get very angry.
If Tom sees you there, you will get scolded.
If Tom senses even the slightest lack of obsequious deference, he explodes into a hail of random and spontaneous insults.
If Tom should happen to come, tell him that I'm not at home.
If Tom shows up, it's going to ruin Mary's day.
If Tom spoke a little slower, people would be able to understand him better.
If Tom starts laughing, I probably will, too.
If Tom swims, I will, too.
If Tom told me to buy a certain stock, I'd buy it.
If Tom told you he liked you, what would you do?
If Tom told you that he could do it, he lied to you. He doesn't have what it takes.
If Tom told you that, he was lying.
If Tom tried to do that, he could do it.
If Tom valued his health, he would stop smoking.
If Tom valued his health, he'd stop smoking.
If Tom wanted to kill me, I'd already be dead.
If Tom wants do it, let him do it.
If Tom wants me to do that, I will.
If Tom wants me to, I'll do that.
If Tom wants our help, he should call.
If Tom wants to apologize to Mary, he's going to have to go to her house.
If Tom wants to do something, let him do it.
If Tom wants to do that, I'll do that with him.
If Tom wants to do that, he can.
If Tom wants to do that, let him.
If Tom wants to drive, let him.
If Tom wants to go, I can't stop him.
If Tom wants to go, I have no objections.
If Tom wants to go, he can.
If Tom wants to go, let him go.
If Tom wants to go, let him.
If Tom wants to leave, he can.
If Tom wants to live here, he'll have to live by my rules.
If Tom wants to stay, I have no objection.
If Tom wants to, he may do that.
If Tom wants war, let him have it.
If Tom was angry before, he'll be furious now.
If Tom was hurt, I'd know it.
If Tom was planning not to be here, he would have told me.
If Tom was planning not to be here, he would've told me.
If Tom was planning to get married, he would have told me.
If Tom was planning to get married, he would've told me.
If Tom wasn't so stupid, he would've understood quicker.
If Tom went there yesterday, he probably won't go again today.
If Tom were here now, he'd show us how to do this.
If Tom were here with us, everything would be much easier.
If Tom were here, I wouldn't have to do that.
If Tom were here, I wouldn't have to feed the dog.
If Tom were here, I wouldn't have to stay and take care of the children.
If Tom were here, I'm sure he'd help us.
If Tom were here, he could help you.
If Tom were here, he'd help.
If Tom were here, he'd know what to do.
If Tom were here, we could ask him what we should do.
If Tom were here, we wouldn't have a problem.
If Tom were here, we'd be having more fun.
If Tom were here, what would you say to him?
If Tom were in trouble, Mary would know.
If Tom were older, he'd understand.
If Tom were polite, he would have thanked us for that.
If Tom were taller, he could open the door.
If Tom were to be my boss, I would quit.
If Tom were to tell Mary that, she'd get angry.
If Tom were wiser, he would have never started such a risky business.
If Tom weren't here, I'd be scared.
If Tom weren't so mean, he would have split with you.
If Tom weren't so selfish, more people would like him.
If Tom weren't so stupid, he would've understood quicker.
If Tom weren't such an idiot, he could have never done anything like that.
If Tom wins, I'll be happy.
If Tom wins, I'll eat my hat.
If Tom won't go, I won't either.
If Tom would eat less, he'd be healthier.
If Tom would learn to be a little more positive about things, people would probably like him a bit more.
If Tom would only rest, he'd get better faster.
If Tom would smile more often, he'd probably have more friends.
If Tom would've identified himself, the guard wouldn't have shot him.
If Tom wouldn't eat so much, he wouldn't be so fat.
If Tom's already betrayed you, he will probably do it again.
If Tom's girlfriend knew Tom had kissed Alice, she'd be very angry.
If Tom's girlfriend knew he was here now, she'd be very angry.
If Tom's good at French, I'll hire him.
If Tom's not careful, he's going to get injured.
If Tom's not happy, I'm not happy.
If Tom's parents knew Tom was here now, they'd be very angry.
If Tom's wife knew Tom was here now, she'd be very angry.
If Tom’s girlfriend knew he was here now, she’d be very angry.
If Trump were found to have stolen and sold nuclear secrets, it would be antisemitic not to give him the same fate as the Rosenbergs.
If Turkey and Russia join the EU, the EU would be a gigantic supernation.
If Turkey does anything that I, in my great and unmatched wisdom, consider to be off limits, I will totally destroy and obliterate the economy of Turkey.
If Turkey was able to change its name in English, then why the fuck we Hungarians never tried to change our country name to something similar to the word "magyar". We, after all, are Magyars and not Huns or something like that.
If Twitter joined the Fediverse, it would almost instantly be blocked by most of the rest of the Fediverse on account of its tolerance for bigotry and Nazism.
If UFOs were to attack the earth, what would become of us?
If Ukraine wants peace, why not surrender?
If United States takes over both Greenland and the Gaza Strip, they can ship the Palestinians to Greenland.
If Washington stage false flag operations to justify its military interventions, why shouldn't Moscow do the same?
If White has a pawn at e5 and Black plays his pawn from d7 to d6, the white pawn can take the black pawn, removing it from the board and occupying d6.
If White has a pawn on e5 and Black plays his pawn from d7 to d5, the white pawn can take the black pawn, removing it from the board and occupying d6, as if the black pawn were there. This is called taking "en passant".
If William doesn't agree, his nude photos will be exposed online.
If William doesn't quit smoking, he will get lung cancer.
If William really does so, he will be dealt with quickly.
If William sees Sandra, he won't leave her alone.
If World War III is fought with nuclear weapons, World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
If X means Y, what does Z mean?
If Yanni calls, tell him I'm having a nap.
If Yanni can't speak the truth, maybe he could write it.
If Yanni could see, this wouldn't have happened to him.
If Yanni dies before getting baptized, he will automatically go to hell.
If Yanni doesn't kill Skura, she will kill him first.
If Yanni finds Rima, it won't change anything.
If Yanni finds that ring, I'll give him four thousand dinars.
If Yanni gets sleepy, take him to bed.
If Yanni goes outside, he's never coming back.
If Yanni goes to Algeria, Skura would never see him again.
If Yanni got rid of the gun, he would have gotten away with the murder.
If Yanni knows that Skura is dating, he'll probably fly off the handle.
If Yanni lands in jail, Skura will be there to bail him out.
If Yanni looks for it, he'll find it.
If Yanni sets foot on Skura's property again, he will be arrested.
If Yanni wins, I'd eat my hat.
If Yanni's mom finds out, she will kill him.
If Yanni's mom knows this, she's gonna kill him.
If Ziri abandons Rima, she's gonna be OK.
If Ziri can't see that, that's his problem.
If Ziri did this, he would be making the biggest mistake of his life.
If Ziri didn't leave immediately, he probably would have been dead now.
If Ziri dies, all blame will fall upon Rima.
If Ziri doesn't bring back the money tomorrow, Rima is calling the police.
If Ziri doesn't come, there will be serious consequences.
If Ziri doesn't get his grades up, he will be expelled.
If Ziri doesn't take his medication, he will become delusional.
If Ziri eats these medlars, he will regret it.
If Ziri finds Rima in his office, she will be dead meat.
If Ziri goes there, he will be gobbled up by giant monsters.
If Ziri goes to jail, Walid is going to turn him into his girlfriend.
If Ziri isn't going in, neither am I.
If Ziri keeps walking forward, he will eventually come across a road.
If Ziri knows that Rima is a therapist, he will shut down.
If Ziri leaves, everything will come crashing down.
If Ziri sees Rima with that boy, he's going to destroy her.
If Ziri speaks Berber to Rima, she's gonna laugh at him.
If Ziri tells his co-workers about that, they would laugh at him.
If Ziri wants to be a gardener, he shouldn't be afraid of insects, spiders, and snakes.
If a = b and b = c, then a = c.
If a CD is cracked or damaged, let me know right away.
If a Japanese person continues to live day by day without rice, there is a 70% chance their face will look like a corpse's.
If a Palestinian can be shot for crossing the border, why not an Israeli?
If a Peruvian or Brazilian can prove having Japanese blood with documentation, he or she can become an immigrant in Japan. There is an annual Samba Festival now in Tokyo from the influence of Brazilian-Japanese.
If a Roman slave killed their master, all of that master's slaves were crucified.
If a Saturnian moon interests you, maybe read the document "Methane storms as a driver of Titan’s dune orientation."
If a Tatar succeeds in becoming an official, he will hang his bast shoes in the front corner of the house.
If a basement is damp, mosquitoes infest it.
If a bird is too early, there won't be any worms to get.
If a black stone occupies the last freedom of a white stone, the latter is captured and removed from the board. That capture will be a point to be deducted from White's final count.
If a blind man leads a blind man, both will fall into a pit.
If a book has the power to touch even one person, it already justifies itself.
If a brain can do it, a computer can do it.
If a burglar came into my room, I would throw something at him.
If a citizen tries to help someone in an emergency, any mistakes they make in providing aid cannot legally be deemed negligent per the Good Samaritan law.
If a coach is on a couch that's on a coach and the latter has a driver, then all is fine. If a coach is on a couch that's on a coach, but the driver drives the former, then the couch is crushed and the coach is dead.
If a coach is on a couch that’s on a coach and the latter has a driver, then all is fine. If a coach is on a couch that’s on a coach, but the driver drives the former, then the couch is crushed and the coach is dead.
If a conversation is not going all that well, try another approach.
If a conversation is not going too well, try changing tack.
If a country attacks Algeria, it will have to fight a powerful army.
If a cow runs away, you bring it back.
If a cripple's soul hurts, he begins to limp even more.
If a cube is green, the fact that I can't show you how it isn't green doesn't make it any less green.
If a curvilinear triangle has for its sides arcs of circles which if produced would cut orthogonally the fundamental plane, the sum of the angles of this curvilinear triangle will be less than two right angles.
If a cut is bleeding, put pressure on it.
If a cute animal has a big body, then they move slowly.
If a dictionary needed an example for the word "bore", you would fit perfectly.
If a disease is called a pandemic, it can't be controlled, but that doesn't necessarily mean that a lot of people are dying.
If a doctor isn't sure about something, I'd rather they look it up than try to wing it.
If a doctor told you you only had six months left to live, what would you try to do in that time?
If a dog bites you, wash the wound with soap and water.
If a door doesn't fit the casing, we must plane it carefully until it does.
If a door doesn’t fit the casing, we must plane it carefully until it does.
If a door opens neither towards you, nor away from you, then it's locked.
If a dream is a wish and a wish does come true, I might dream of Disneyland tonight.
If a female can't get another female pregnant, no doctor on earth can help her.
If a fight is inevitable, you have to strike first.
If a figure has three sides, it is a triangle.
If a figure has three sides, it's a triangle.
If a fire breaking out light upon thorns, and catch stacks of corn, or corn standing in the fields, he that kindled the fire shall make good the loss.
If a fire should break out in your neighborhood, what would you do?
If a fire should break out, I would make off with my flute.
If a for-profit company doesn't charge you for its product, you are the product that is being sold.
If a free press is a foundational part of democracy, then facts and fact-based reporting are the foundation of a free press.
If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich.
If a friend abandons you in an emergency, that person isn't truly your friend.
If a giraffe feels threatened, it wouldn't hesitate to kick.
If a glacier that is on land melts, when the water runs down to the ocean it will make the water level rise.
If a government is not good at keeping its people under control, there will be a lot of uprisings.
If a government is to be prudent its taxes must produce ample revenues without discouraging enterprise.
If a group of stones cannot make more than one eye, then it is vulnerable to capture as it cannot defend itself.
If a group of stones, even though it is completely surrounded by opposing stones, has two separate spaces inside, or two eyes, where the opponent cannot play, it will not be captured – it is considered a live group.
If a guy buys you a drink in a bar you can be sure he's looking to get laid.
If a guy has got a bunch of flowers in his hand, it means that he is going to practise not botany, but anatomy.
If a guy likes you goes to jail, he'll become a Victoria Secret model in the eyes of the other inmates.
If a guy's in love with you, he'll think about you all the time.
If a hen has ten chicks, how many hens does a chick have?
If a high hill stood between A and B, it was important to decide whether the line should climb over it, pierce it with a tunnel, or make a detour to avoid it.
If a hotelier touts an unproven or dangerous medicine, or if a film actor sells polished stones or scented candles with purported health benefits, these are examples of a kind of informal fallacy called an "appeal to authority".
If a job is worth doing, it is worth doing well.
If a job is worth doing, it's worth doing well.
If a job's worth doing, it's worth doing well.
If a lady says "no", it means maybe. If she says "maybe", it means yes. And if she says "yes", she's no lady.
If a landlord cancels a tenancy agreement without notice because of rent arrears, the tenant has a two-month grace period in which to pay the outstanding debt and thereby render the notice to quit null and void.
If a landslide happens, it will cause many deaths.
If a language dies, doesn't that make communication easier?
If a language dies, doesn't that mean it is easier for people to communicate?
If a leech becomes attached to part of your body, do not pull on it.
If a link in a chain breaks, it's no longer a chain.
If a lobster is bearing eggs, for example, the lobsterman must notch a "V" mark on its second flipper with a knife, and throw the creature back.
If a major earthquake occurs, a siren will sound.
If a man can bridge the gap between life and death, if he can live on after he's dead, then maybe he was a great man.
If a man can't get pregnant, no doctor on earth can help him.
If a man could pass through Paradise in a dream, and have a flower presented to him as a pledge that his soul had really been there, and if he found that flower in his hand when he awoke — Ay! and what then?
If a man deliver money, or any vessel unto his friend to keep, and they be stolen away from him that received them: if the thief be found, he shall restore double.
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away.
If a man does something totally stupid, he always does it with the most noble intentions.
If a man had 11 sheep and all but 9 died, how many sheep would he have left?
If a man has nothing to eat, fasting is the most intelligent thing he can do.
If a man is called to be a street sweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven played music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the hosts of heaven and earth will pause to say, "here lived a great street sweeper who did his job well."
If a man is kind to me, I instantly fall in love with him.
If a man is nice to me I end up falling for him right away.
If a man is promoted before a woman, it's called favoritism. If she gets promoted before a man, it's called equality.
If a man kill his neighbour on set purpose, and by lying in wait for him: thou shalt take him away from my altar that he may die.
If a man kills a tiger, they say it's sport. If a tiger kills a man, they say it's brutality.
If a man knows more than others, he becomes lonely.
If a man open a pit, and dig one, and cover it not, and an ox or an ass fall into it, the owner of the pit shall pay the price of the beasts: and that which is dead shall be his own.
If a man says he is not afraid of dying, he is either lying or is a Gurkha.
If a man wants to learn to sound like a native speaker of Japanese, he shouldn't only learn Japanese from women. The reverse is true for a woman.
If a man wants to learn to sound like a native speaker of Japanese, he shouldn’t only learn Japanese from women. The reverse is true for a woman.
If a man will begin with certainties, he shall end in doubts; but if he will be content to begin with doubts he shall end in certainties.
If a meteoroid falls into the Earth's atmosphere, it will begin to heat up and start to glow. This is called a meteor.
If a misogynist commands, a house knows no order.
If a mouse only has one hole, it will soon perish.
If a nation expects to be ignorant and free, it expects what never was and never will be.
If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom; and the irony of it is that if it is comfort or money that it values more, it will lose that too.
If a natural language can be compared to a tree, which has developed during the course of time, Esperanto can be compared to a plastic tree, which was created artificially.
If a neck-muffler is worn, it should be of cashmere, not of silk.
If a noise was unidentified, Tom's dog inevitably barked at it.
If a nuclear war breaks out, mankind will perish.
If a nuclear war were to break out, mankind would perish.
If a pawn is captured, it leaves the game board.
If a person causes a lot of pain, it doesn't entirely matter anymore how much joy they've caused.
If a person does x good things and y bad ones, what conditions are sufficient to guarantee that this person's net effect on society is positive?
If a person doesn't have a strong will, he will be unable to embrace profound wisdom.
If a person gives art to a reptile keeper, then the reptile keeper cannot bring the art to a destructive end.
If a person has not had a chance to acquire his target language by the time he's an adult, he's unlikely to be able to reach native speaker level in that language.
If a person is dishonest, he is dishonest to the end.
If a person is dishonest, she is dishonest to the end.
If a person is to get the meaning of life he must learn to like the facts about himself - ugly as they may seem to his sentimental vanity - before he can learn the truth behind the facts. And the truth is never ugly.
If a person says a word, the person can’t finish that the word doesn’t exist.
If a philosopher doesn't have a long, white beard, I don't trust him.
If a philosopher doesn’t have a long, white beard, I don’t trust him.
If a piece of knotted string can unleash the wind, and if a drowned man can awaken, then I believe a broken man can heal.
If a pilot forgets how to fly, he has the rest of his life to remember.
If a player hit the tree with the ball, it meant that the crops would grow successfully.
If a police officer accused you of a crime you didn't commit, what would you say?
If a political candidate avoids going into detail about her political views, you might say her platform is sketchy.
If a politician accepting money from a corporation isn't corruption, what is it?
If a politician isn't corrupt, then he isn't a real politician.
If a porter carries your luggage, don't forget to tip him.
If a priest were to confess politicians, he'd need twenty lives.
If a reality show is made about a madhouse, then it is called Parliament.
If a relationship has to be a secret, you shouldn't be in it.
If a relationship is good, marriage is redundant, but if it isn't, marriage becomes a liability.
If a restaurant has valet parking it's probably pretty expensive.
If a restaurant has valet parking it’s probably pretty expensive.
If a seaplane could splash down there, we could evacuate the few residents in two hours.
If a sentence doesn't sound natural, simply erase it from the list.
If a sentence doesn't yet have audio, it's because nobody has recorded one for us.
If a sentence doesn’t sound natural, simply erase it from the list.
If a sentence is likely to upset people, perhaps you shouldn't translate it.
If a sentence may mean anything you want it to mean, it is meaningless.
If a sick person folds one thousand paper cranes, her wish will come true.
If a slot machine hasn't hit a jackpot in a long time, then it's due to hit.
If a smartphone breaks, it cannot be repaired.
If a soccer score of 3 to 0 isn't a victory, what else is it?
If a spider's fangs are strong enough to break your skin, its bite would be painful.
If a stranger on the street slapped me in the face, I'd hit him back hard.
If a stranger on the street slapped me in the face, I'd kill him without warning.
If a stranger on the street slapped me in the face, I’d hit him back hard.
If a stranger on the street slapped me in the face, I’d kill him without warning.
If a student and his or her professor bore each other, then both are wasting their time.
If a teacher did that in Canada, he would probably spend a year or two in jail.
If a thermonuclear bomb hit that base, we'd be vaporized instantaneously.
If a thief be found breaking open a house or undermining it, and be wounded so as to die: he that slew him shall not be guilty of blood.
If a thing is worth doing it is worth doing badly.
If a thing is worth doing, it is worth doing badly.
If a thing is worth doing, it's worth doing well.
If a tiger should come out of the cage, what would you do?
If a tiger suddenly appeared in front of me, I'd be scared to death.
If a towel is damaged or torn, let me know so we can replace it.
If a transnational corporation had invented Esperanto, it would be English.
If a tree dies, plant another in its place.
If a tree falls in a forest and nobody hears it, did it happen? If a man speaks his mind in a forest, and no woman hears him, is he still wrong?
If a tree falls in the forest and no one is there to hear it, does it make a sound?
If a tree falls in the forest, and there's nobody around to hear, does it make a sound?
If a triangle has two right angles, it's a square missing one side.
If a triangle has two right angles, it’s a square missing one side.
If a tribble and a Klingon fought to the death, who would win?
If a user has not responded within this period of time, you are free to change or delete his or her sentence yourself.
If a vaccine only works for six months, it might not be a good use of resources to keep vaccinating a population; another solution will have to be found.
If a very large amount of memory is installed, an 'insufficient memory' error message is displayed.
If a very large amount of memory is installed, an ’insufficient memory’ error message is displayed.
If a wife commands, a house knows no order.
If a wolf consumes a plant-eating rodent, the wolf is classed as a secondary consumer.
If a woman has the choice between love and wealth, she always tries to choose both.
If a woman knows, the whole world knows.
If a woman masturbates, she will secrete female hormones and become more feminine.
If a women walks on a public street exposing her lower body, it's public indecency. If she walks while exposing her upper body, then it's a violation of article 20(1) of the minor offenses act.
If a women walks on a public street exposing her lower body, it’s public indecency. If she walks while exposing her upper body, then it’s a violation of article 20(1) of the minor offenses act.
If a word in itself is "international", then according to rule 15 of our grammar we are entitled to use this word, even though it is not in the "Universala Vortaro".
If a word in the dictionary is misspelled, how would we know?
If a young man wants to marry a young woman, he may want to first get her family’s blessing.
If actions are stronger than words, why is the pen mightier than the sword?
If actions mean more than words, why is the pen mightier than the sword?
If adequate and well-controlled studies in pregnant women have failed to demonstrate a risk to the fetus in the first trimester of pregnancy (and there is no evidence of a risk in later trimesters), the labeling shall state: "Studies in pregnant women have not shown that (name of drug) increases the risk of fetal abnormalities if administered during the first (second, third, or all) trimester(s) of pregnancy."
If after 1. e4 from White, Black plays 1. ... c5, the opening is called Sicilian Defense, which is one of the favorites among many famous chess players.
If alcohol hinders you from working, stop working.
If aliens were to visit Earth and see the state we're in, they'd fly away pretty sharpish. They wouldn't want to have anything to do with us.
If all are guilty, then none are guilty.
If all else fails, put the kettle on.
If all else fails, read the instructions.
If all else fails, reboot the system.
If all else fails, you can always come and live with me.
If all goes according to plan, I should be back home again tomorrow night.
If all goes according to plan, it just might work.
If all goes as planned, the probe will smash into the comet early Monday. The mothership will record images of the resulting crater and spray of debris, and beam the pictures back to mission scientists.
If all goes smoothly, I can make two or three pieces a day.
If all goes to plan, I should be back home again tomorrow night.
If all goes well for him, he'll finish school in 2001.
If all goes well, I can make 2-3 pieces per day.
If all goes well, I'll come and see you.
If all goes well, I'll visit you.
If all goes well, he'll finish his studies in 2001.
If all goes well, the new sanctuary in Tsavo East will serve as breeding ground for the black rhino species.
If all goes well, we will meet again.
If all goes well, we’ll have completed the project by the end of the month.
If all professors bore all of their students, then all professors are wasting their time.
If all the bees died, mankind would only live for four more years.
If all the conditions are right, fossils are formed as the layers of sediment turn into rock.
If all the insects were to disappear from the Earth, within fifty years all life on Earth would end. If all human beings disappeared from the Earth, within fifty years all forms of life would flourish.
If all the medicine in the world were thrown into the sea, it would be bad for the fish and good for humanity.
If all the planks that make up the ship of Theseus were replaced, would it still be the same ship?
If all the surface ice on earth fully melted, the sea level would rise about 70 m.
If all the year were a holiday, having fun would be as tedious as working.
If all the year were playing holidays, to sport would be as tedious as to work.
If all went according to her plan, she would be in great demand.
If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
If all your friends jumped off a bridge, would you do it?
If all your friends were going to jump off a bridge, would you jump, too?
If alternative medicine worked, it would just be called medicine.
If alternative medicine worked, it wouldn't be alternative.
If an English speaker says someone is jolly, that means they are cheerful or friendly. But in French, jolie means someone is good-looking or pleasant to look at. In any case, both are nice things to say to someone.
If an Icelandic sentence has a translation in English, and the English sentence has a translation in Swahili, then indirectly, this will provide a Swahili translation for the Icelandic sentence.
If an aircraft carrier is directly hit by a tactical nuclear weapon, it would be pulverized.
If an aircraft is used to transport passengers for compensation, it must undergo a 100-hour inspection.
If an apolitical language is theoretically possible, it has never existed.
If an email starts out, "Hi, I'm Sunshine," just delete the message without reading further.
If an idea doesn't sound absurd from the start, then there is no hope for it.
If an oversight is the reason why you have not paid, please send us the amount due, and let us solve the problem immediately.
If an ox gore a man or a woman, and they die, he shall be stoned: and his flesh shall not be eaten, but the owner of the ox shall be quit.
If and only if the ice-cream is vanilla flavour will Xiao Wang eat it.
If and when he arrives I’ll pay.
If and when he arrives, I'll pay.
If animals could speak, the dog would be a blundering outspoken fellow; but the cat would have the rare grace of never saying a word too much.
If animals didn't want to be eaten, then why are they made out of food?
If another star came too close to us, its gravity would pull on everything in the solar system like a spoiled toddler.
If antisemitism is because of Israel, why was there antisemitism before Israel?
If any blame or fault attaches to the attempt, it is mine alone.
If any guest came in, they were given a place according to their worth.
If any harm comes to her, I will hold you personally responsible.
If any man come to me, and hate not his father, and mother, and wife, and children, and brethren, and sisters, yea, and his own life also, he cannot be my disciple.
If any man destroys the temple of God, God will destroy him.
If any man have an ear, let him hear.
If any man hurt a field or a vineyard, and put in his beast to feed upon that which is other men's: he shall restore the best of whatsoever he hath in his own field, or in his vineyard, according to the estimation of the damage.
If any man seeks for greatness, let him forget greatness and ask for truth, and he will find both.
If any man sell his daughter to be a servant, she shall not go out as bondwomen are wont to go out.
If any man steal an ox or a sheep, and kill or sell it: he shall restore five oxen for one ox, and four sheep for one sheep.
If any man strike the eye of his manservant or maidservant, and leave them but one eye, he shall let them go free for the eye which he put out.
If any music is heard in heaven, it was certainly Bach who composed it.
If any of these were good enough, I would have told you by now.
If any of this information gets out to the public, we're toast.
If any one were to take away from the books of Chrysippus all the passages which he quotes from other authors, his paper would be left empty.
If any thing is sacred, the human body is sacred.
If any trouble can occur, it will.
If anybody calls, get his number.
If anybody calls, tell them I'll be back at 2:30.
If anybody can beat Tom, it's you.
If anybody can do it, Tom can.
If anybody can do it, it's you.
If anybody can do that, it's you.
If anybody can do that, you can.
If anybody can fix it, it's Tom.
If anybody can help us, it's Tom.
If anybody comes, tell him that I am out.
If anybody could convince Tom, it would be Mary.
If anybody could do that, it would be Tom.
If anybody did that to me, I'd call the police.
If anybody had asked me if I were married, I'd have said I was.
If anybody had asked me if I were married, I'd have said yes.
If anybody has any questions, I'll be glad to answer them.
If anybody has to apologize, that's you.
If anybody is still absent, please send their names to me.
If anybody needs help, I can give them a hand.
If anybody tries to make a run for it, shoot them.
If anybody was ever wise, Cato was.
If anyone asks about me, say I'm not home.
If anyone asks about me, you haven't seen me today.
If anyone asks for me, please tell them I'll be back at five.
If anyone asks for me, please tell them that I'll be back at five.
If anyone asks for me, say I'm not at home.
If anyone asks for me, say I'm not in.
If anyone asks for me, tell them I'm not at home.
If anyone asks for me, tell them I'm not in.
If anyone asks, I wasn't here.
If anyone asks, you don't know me.
If anyone bothers you again, let me know.
If anyone calls for me, tell them I'm not here.
If anyone calls me up while I'm away, tell them I'll be back by five.
If anyone calls me up while I’m away, tell them I’ll be back by five.
If anyone calls me, tell them I am out.
If anyone calls while I’m out, tell them I’ll be back soon.
If anyone calls, I'm not here.
If anyone calls, tell them I'll be back at 2:30.
If anyone calls, tell them I'm not here.
If anyone can convince Tom that he's wrong, it's Mary.
If anyone can convince Tom to do that, it's Mary.
If anyone can convince Tom to join our team, it's Mary.
If anyone can convince Tom, it's Mary.
If anyone can do it Bill can.
If anyone can do it, Bill can.
If anyone can do it, I can.
If anyone can do it, Tom can.
If anyone can do it, he can.
If anyone can do it, it'll be Tom.
If anyone can do it, it's Tom.
If anyone can do it, it's her.
If anyone can do it, it's him.
If anyone can do it, it's you.
If anyone can do it, it’s you.
If anyone can do it, she can.
If anyone can do it, they can.
If anyone can do it, you can.
If anyone can do that, Tom can.
If anyone can do that, it would be Tom.
If anyone can do that, it'll be Tom.
If anyone can do that, it's Tom.
If anyone can do that, it's you.
If anyone can do that, you can.
If anyone can fix this, it's Tom.
If anyone can help you with that, it's Tom.
If anyone can post the answer to this anagram in the next few minutes we'll release the clue.
If anyone comes in my absence, tell him that I won't come back till evening.
If anyone comes in my absence, tell him that I won’t come back till evening.
If anyone comes to see me, say that I went out.
If anyone comes to see me, tell him that I am out.
If anyone comes to see me, tell him that I went out.
If anyone comes, hide!
If anyone comes, hide.
If anyone could do that, it would be Tom.
If anyone could get us what we need, it would be Tom.
If anyone else did these things, their political career would be finished.
If anyone ever tells you you're worthless, just ignore them.
If anyone finds out about this, we're in big trouble.
If anyone finds out what I did, I'll be the laughingstock of the school.
If anyone finds out, you'll have me to deal with!
If anyone harbored any doubts about Sami's affair with Layla, they certainly didn't have those doubts after he was seen kissing her in the company's parking lot.
If anyone has a better idea, I'd like to hear it.
If anyone has a better idea, let me know.
If anyone has a better suggestion, let's hear it.
If anyone has a problem, tell them to call me.
If anyone has an ear, let him hear.
If anyone has an idea, I'd love to hear it.
If anyone has any problems, tell them to call me.
If anyone has any questions, I'll be glad to answer them.
If anyone here can help us, we'd appreciate it.
If anyone is at fault, it's you only.
If anyone is capable of doing it, Bill can.
If anyone is going to die in vain, it should be my father because he is old.
If anyone is interested in learning the Quran, call this number.
If anyone is interested in learning the Quran, come to the mosque at four o'clock.
If anyone is not willing to work, then he is not to eat, either.
If anyone is to blame, it's only you.
If anyone is to blame, it's you.
If anyone knows anything, please let me know.
If anyone knows that, you'll have me to deal with.
If anyone knows that, you're going to deal with me.
If anyone knows, please give me a tip.
If anyone missed our November news, here's your chance to catch up.
If anyone needs me, I'll be outside.
If anyone of his ancestors was a king, I would have thought that this man wanted to take back his ancestral kingdom.
If anyone phones, I'm not here.
If anyone rings, I'm not here.
If anyone saw anything, I want to know.
If anyone should phone, say I will be back at one o'clock.
If anyone should phone, say I will be back at one o’clock.
If anyone should phone, say I'll be back at one o'clock.
If anyone should phone, say I’ll be back at one o’clock.
If anyone thinks differently, they surely do have a problem.
If anyone tries climbing over the fence, shoot them.
If anyone tries coming in here, don't let them in.
If anyone wants to buy a house, please let me know.
If anyone wants to go on this trip, they should let me know as soon as possible.
If anyone wants to play hide-and-seek, they should grab my finger.
If anyone wants to surrender, now's the time.
If anyone was to ask what the point of the story is, I really don't know.
If anyone was to ask what the point of the story is, I really don’t know.
If anyone were to talk to me like that, I would call a police.
If anyone were to talk to me like that, I would call the police.
If anyone's to blame, it's you.
If anything bad had happened, I would have been told.
If anything bad had happened, I would've been told.
If anything bad should come about, let me know.
If anything can be done in America, it can be done in New York.
If anything can go wrong it will go wrong.
If anything can go wrong, it will.
If anything can't go wrong on its own, someone will make it go wrong.
If anything comes up that you don't understand, come to me.
If anything comes up that you don’t understand, come to me.
If anything comes up, I'll let you know.
If anything goes wrong, I'll answer for the consequences.
If anything goes wrong, I'll give you a call.
If anything goes wrong, I’ll answer for the consequences.
If anything goes wrong, give me a call.
If anything goes wrong, just reboot it.
If anything happened to Tom, I wouldn't forgive myself.
If anything happens here, can I depend on you?
If anything happens then you can talk to me about it. I'll help as much as I can.
If anything happens to Tom, I'll come looking for you.
If anything happens to Tom, I'll hold you responsible.
If anything happens to him, let me know.
If anything happens to me, give this to Tom.
If anything happens to me, tell Tom I love him.
If anything happens to me, you'll suffer the consequences.
If anything happens you must inform me.
If anything happens, I'll give you a call.
If anything happens, I'm accountable.
If anything happens, Paul will send an update.
If anything happens, call me right away.
If anything happens, call me.
If anything happens, let me know.
If anything happens, phone me immediately.
If anything happens, please call us immediately.
If anything happens, please let me know.
If anything happens, ring me immediately.
If anything happens, ring me straight away.
If anything happens, we'll be in in three seconds.
If anything happens, you'll be the first to know. I promise.
If anything is sacred the human body is sacred.
If anything is to be called sacred, it's the human body.
If anything should be wrong with my car, I would go by bus.
If anything should be wrong with my car, I would go to by bus.
If anything should change, I'll let you know.
If anything should ever happen to me, you can look here.
If anything should happen to Tom, I wouldn't forgive myself.
If anything should happen, please let me know.
If anything simply cannot go wrong, it will anyway.
If anything's going to happen, it should happen soon.
If anything, I would argue, Mr. Speaker, that at times you have gone too far in urging a member to retract a statement. You have also gone too far in trying to give somebody an opening to distance themselves from having broken the rules.
If anything, Matthew would eventually call us and ask us to open him the door.
If anything, my father seems happier than before.
If anything, my grandfather seems happier than before.
If anything, my new job is harder than my old one.
If anything, she isn't any better today.
If anything, she isn’t any better today.
If anything, the economy in our country is going up.
If anything, this is shameful.
If anything, we need more of these.
If ashes were flour and peat was bacon, we'd eat bacon pancakes every day.
If ashes were flour and peat was bacon, we’d eat bacon pancakes every day.
If aspirin will ease my headache, I will take a couple tonight instead of this horrible medicine.
If at all possible, you should go and look into the matter yourself.
If at any time he said: The speckled shall be thy wages, all the sheep brought forth speckled; but when he said on the contrary: Thou shalt take all the white one for thy wages, all the flocks brought forth white ones.
If at first you don't succeed, give up.
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving definitely isn't for you.
If at first you don't succeed, try again.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again!
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try, try again.
If at first you don’t succeed, try, try, try again.
If at least two people are great, then no one is the only great person.
If bears are dangerous, why are they friend-shaped?
If being a "tradwife" was so fulfilling and appealing, more freedom wouldn't lead to fewer women doing it.
If being trans is a form of gay conversion therapy, why are there more out gays and lesbians than ever?
If being trans is a form of gay conversion therapy, why do most trans women date each other?
If blaming me makes you feel better, go right ahead.
If both Tom and Mary go to prison, who'll take care of their children?
If both Tom and Mary want me to do that, I will.
If both you and your spouse are coming, please let me know.
If bread in French is "pain", then I own a bakery.
If by a "Liberal" they mean someone who looks ahead and not behind, someone who welcomes new ideas without rigid reactions, someone who cares about the welfare of the people-their health, their housing, their schools, their jobs, their civil rights and their civil liberties-someone who believes we can break through the stalemate and suspicions that grip us in our policies abroad, if that is what they mean by a "Liberal", then I'm proud to say I'm a "Liberal".
If by any chance I'm late, please don't wait for me.
If by any chance Tom comes here, I'll let you know at once.
If by any chance Tom comes, I'd like you to give him this paper.
If by any chance Tom comes, give him this paper.
If by any chance Tom needs help, please help him.
If by any chance he comes here, I'll let you know at once.
If by any chance he comes here, I’ll let you know at once.
If by any chance he comes, I'd like you to give him this paper.
If by any chance he comes, give him this paper.
If by any chance he should come, I want you to give him this document.
If by any chance he's busy, help him.
If by any chance it rains tomorrow, they will not go.
If by any chance it should rain, he won't come.
If by any chance you run into Celia, give her my regards.
If by some chance I failed, I'd try again.
If by some chance Jason calls me, tell him I'm not here.
If by some chance it rains, the garden party won't take place.
If by some chance it were to rain, he wouldn't go.
If by some chance the weather is good, I'll go.
If cabin pressure should change, panels above your seat will open revealing oxygen masks.
If camping doesn't float your boat, then you probably don't want to spend the weekend with us.
If camping doesn’t float your boat, then you probably don’t want to spend the weekend with us.
If cancer is an enemy of humanity, a cancer is a friend of lobsters.
If cancer is an enemy of humanity, a crab is a friend of lobsters.
If canned food has gone bad, don't consume it.
If capitalism works, why is there a need for all these corporate subsidies?
If carbs are so bad, then why are the Japanese thin even though they eat lots of rice?
If cars drove themselves, we wouldn't have to deal with stupid drivers anymore.
If cats aren't meant to be kissed on the head, what's that little space between their ears for?
If cats could talk, what would they say?
If caught in a rip current, don't fight it! Swim parallel to the shore and swim back to land at an angle.
If cheese is good, but the cake is a lie, what is a cheesecake? A good lie.
If chickens had teeth, pigs would fly.
If children ask you questions you don't know the answer to, it's OK to say so.
If circumstances were different, he might have asked her out on a date.
If cis was a slur, you'd be allowed to say it on Elon Musk's Twitter.
If civilization is to survive, it must choose the rule of law.
If clouds did not exist, then we would have no enjoyment of the sun.
If compared to Sirius, the Sun is merely a small star.
If completed.
If confidence, determination and courage are together in one place, there is nothing that cannot be done.
If conversion therapy worked, I would go for it.
If convicted, Tom faces a life sentence.
If countries were named after the words you first hear when you go there, England would have to be called Damn It.
If creoles interest you, maybe read the article "Zamboangueño Creole Spanish."
If current trends continue, by the year 2050 the Americas will have 15 percent fewer plants and animals than now. That means there will be 40 percent fewer plants and animals in the Americas than in the early 1700s.
If current trends continue, the language will likely die in the near future.
If death is inconceivable neither before, during, nor after itself, then when can we conceive it?
If death occurs at home, whoever discovers the body should contact the family doctor.
If decaying vegetation accumulates quickly on the bottom or temperatures change in unfavorable ways, water can quickly become depleted in oxygen. This forces prey to the surface to breathe, giving shoebills an opportunity to strike.
If defective in structure, they are perfect in function.
If delay had not been made, we had been here again the second time.
If democracy is bad for us, why isn't it bad for everyone else?
If dinner isn't ready by seven, I'm going to a restaurant.
If dogs could talk, what do you think they'd tell us?
If dogs could talk, what would they say?
If doing that had been important to me, I would have done it.
If doing that had been important to me, I would've done it.
If drinking is costing you more than money, you should give it up.
If each generation die and leave ghosts the world at last will get overcrowded with them.
If each would sweep before the door, we should have a clean city.
If economic globalization is inevitable, it should primarily serve humanity rather than the interests of trans-national corporations.
If eggs were bad for you, lizards would not exist.
If either of you tries to make any moves, I'll kill you.
If elected president, my pledge is to forge a grand bargain to stop gender-based violence.
If elected, Kamala Harris would be the first female president of the United States.
If even I can't do this, then what makes you think that you can?
If even I don't know this, how would you know?
If even just one team member goes off half-cocked, the project is doomed.
If even she can't get a perfect score on the exam, then how will you be able to?
If ever there was a cause, if ever there can be a cause, worthy to be upheld by all of toil or sacrifice that the human heart can endure, it is the cause of Education.
If every single village in Kabylie has a mosque, this makes it pretty obvious that the dominant religion of Kabyles is Islam.
If every user added twenty a day to Tatoeba, it might be possible to reach one million sentences by Christmas.
If every user adds twenty sentences per day on Tatoeba, maybe it would be possible to reach one million sentences by Christmas.
If everybody just added perfect sentences, this project would never be very interactive and interesting.
If everybody thought the way I did, the world would be a much better place.
If everybody wants me to leave, I will.
If everybody were me, the world would be a much better place.
If everyone I've ever known is named Tom, Mary, John, or Alice, then why is my name Bob?
If everyone acted in their own selfish interests, there would be no social workers or teachers.
If everyone agreed, there would be no doubts left.
If everyone agrees to it, I won't vote against it.
If everyone chips in, we'll be able to finish painting the living room by noon.
If everyone could pay close attention, please. I will now auscultate the patient. Make sure to note the proper procedure because you all will be practicing this tomorrow.
If everyone exercised, doctors would be out of business in weeks.
If everyone extended a helping hand to their neighbor, the weight of poverty would be easier to bear.
If everyone got rich under capitalism, the system would cease to function.
If everyone had understood the problem, they wouldn't have stuck to it!
If everyone in every country spoke the same language, communication would be easier.
If everyone in the world behaved and acted the same as me, the world would be such a boring place and such a cold-hearted place.
If everyone in the world was the same as me, the world would be such a terrible and such a inhuman place to live in.
If everyone knows I'm a spy, can I really be considered a spy?
If everyone learned Esperanto and began to speak it, the notion of "an Esperantist" would lose its meaning. I think many Esperantists do not understand this.
If everyone likes you, no one takes you seriously.
If everyone likes you, you're doing it wrong.
If everyone likes you, you're fake.
If everyone pitches in, I'm sure we can do that.
If everyone pitches in, we can do it.
If everyone placed the same importance on fidelity, promises wouldn’t lose their meaning.
If everyone respected justice, would the world truly be a place without conflicts?
If everyone shouts at once, we won't be able to hear what the Prime Minister has to say.
If everyone spoke French, there would be no practical reason to learn any other language.
If everyone spoke one language, we would have no wars.
If everyone thought like me, the world would be a better place.
If everyone tries anyway to be different and something special, it becomes something special being normal.
If everyone was satisfied with himself, there would be no heroes.
If everyone watched at least one cat video a day, the world would be a better place.
If everyone were like me, the world would be a better place.
If everyone were the same life would be boring.
If everyone were to sweep before his front door, how clean the town would be.
If everyone's got a mobile phone, important people need at least two.
If everything goes according to plan, I should be back home again tomorrow night.
If everything goes well, I can make two to three pieces per day.
If everything happens for a reason, does that reason have a reason to be?
If everything private is searched through by secret services, is that democracy?
If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something.
If everything turns out alright for Ziri and Rima, they'll get married in April.
If everything works out well, I'll be kidnapped by a cult.
If everything's fine, then why are you crying?
If extraterrestrials were sufficiently advanced—say, possessing technology or abilities far beyond human comprehension—some might perceive them as gods. This idea echoes Arthur C. Clarke’s famous third law: "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic." Historically, humans have sometimes deified beings or phenomena they couldn’t explain, like natural forces or powerful rulers (e.g., pharaohs or emperors). An extraterrestrial species with mastery over space-time, biology, or consciousness could inspire awe and worship, especially if they intervened in human affairs.
If f is not an epimorphism, then it factors through g.
If farmers don't make a decent living growing peanuts, they will try growing other crops.
If fears are learned, they can be unlearned.
If feeling sick of the world could by itself grant saintliness, I don't see how I could avoid canonization.
If feeling sick of the world could by itself grant saintliness, I don’t see how I could avoid canonization.
If felt like someone was following me when I was walking here.
If fired upon, you're permitted to return fire.
If flies are flying after flies, then flies are flying after flies.
If flies fly behind flies, then flies fly behind flies.
If food is so scarce, then why hasn't Gandhi died yet?
If for no other reason, I like Islam because it gave Christians a taste of their own medicine.
If for some reason I don't make it, go alone.
If for some reason I failed, I'd try again.
If for some reason I'm late, please don't wait for me.
If for some reason a man stopped thinking, that man would no longer be a man.
If for some reason she came to Japan, Jane would be very happy.
If for some reason that happened, what would you do?
If for some reason that should happen, what would you do?
If for some reason they come early, please tell them to wait.
If forests cover 9.4% of the earth's surface, and if forests cover 31% of the earth's land surface, what percent of the earth's surface is not land?
If found guilty, Tom faces a life sentence.
If four space-points, which do not lie in one plane, are conceived to be at the same time t₀, then it is no longer permissible to make a change of the time parameter by a Lorentz-transformation, without at the same time destroying the character of the simultaneity of these four space points.
If from a transparent prism of tourmaline two thin plates are cut, parallel to its axis, they will transmit light when they are placed above each other with the chief axis of each in the same direction.
If gangrene appears, it will be necessary to amputate.
If gangrene appears, it will have to be amputated.
If geometry is the science of space, what is the science of time?
If get a chance, I'd like to try it again.
If ghosts aren't real, then why am I looking at one right now?
If given the opportunity, I'd do that.
If given the opportunity, I'd jump at it.
If given the opportunity, I'd love to do that.
If gold and jade fill your rooms, you won't be able to protect them.
If good people don't do anything, evil rules on Earth.
If governments impose green tax hikes and the costly measures on transportation, home heating, power generation and lifestyles that scientists say are needed to lower emissions and to shift economies away from dependency on fossil fuels, they risk prompting a backlash, largely from middle-class and lower-income workers, as well as pensioners who can ill afford to bear the expense.
If grammar describes the structure of a language, it goes without saying that no such description can be offered without constant reference to word material illustrative of various structural features.
If half the information in a newspaper is correct, it's a very good newspaper.
If hard work were such a wonderful thing, surely the rich would have kept it all to themselves.
If he asked you to jump off a bridge, would you do it?
If he asks for money, don't give it to him!
If he asks me that question, I won't answer.
If he asks us for help, we'll help him.
If he asks you where I am, tell him I'm not here. I don't want to talk to him if I can help it.
If he asks, I will give it; if not, not.
If he assault a bondman or bondwoman, he shall give thirty sicles of silver to their master, and the ox shall be stoned.
If he ate your apple, would you be angry?
If he attacks you again, don't hesitate to call the police.
If he authorized you to enter, then get ready!
If he authorized you to get in, get ready!
If he calls, tell him I am busy.
If he calls, tell him I will get in touch with him later.
If he came here, I would receive him with open arms.
If he came tomorrow, I would have more time to talk.
If he can do it well, so much more can we.
If he can do it, so can I.
If he can do that, I will eat my hat.
If he can walk, he can work.
If he cannot come, you will have to replace him.
If he carries on drinking like that, he's going to have a problem.
If he carries on drinking like that, he’s going to have a problem.
If he carries on like this, he's going to wind up in prison.
If he carries on like this, he’s going to wind up in prison.
If he catches us, we're done.
If he comes at all, it will be surprising.
If he comes, I'll ask him the question.
If he comes, I'll go too.
If he comes, I’ll go too.
If he comes, bring him to my room.
If he comes, give him my regards.
If he comes, give him this paper.
If he comes, let me know.
If he comes, show him into my room.
If he comes, so much the better.
If he comes, tell him to wait for me.
If he comes, what should I say to him?
If he comes, what should I tell him?
If he commits a crime, he must be punished.
If he continues drinking too much, he will fall ill sooner or later.
If he continues to study with conviction, he will definitely pass the exam.
If he could buy those bags in bulk, he could save a lot.
If he could do it, why can't I?
If he could go to the concert, he would be glad.
If he could hear of your marriage, he will be very surprised.
If he could just get the door open, he could escape.
If he could lie about that, he is likely to lie about anything.
If he could not answer the riddle, he would be eaten.
If he could pass for eighteen years old, he'd join the army.
If he could pass for eighteen years old, he’d join the army.
If he could speak English, I would employ him right away.
If he could visit any North American city, it'd be San Francisco, California.
If he did not watch so much television, he would have more time for study.
If he didn't drink soon he might have died from alcoholic withdrawal.
If he didn't order this investigation, she could have flown under the radar for years.
If he dies now, the situation will become serious.
If he dies, he'll take you down with him.
If he dies, we will face serious difficulties.
If he dies, we will not escape punishment.
If he dislikes the main course, he orders meat with rice and salad.
If he do not these three things, she shall go out free without money.
If he does it, I can do it, too!
If he does that again, let the punishment be harsher, and in addition, let penance be imposed on him, but if he does that thrice, let him be executed.
If he doesn't accept the job, some other person will.
If he doesn't accept the job, somebody else will.
If he doesn't accept the job, someone else will.
If he doesn't accept the position, someone else will.
If he doesn't agree, he can just say so.
If he doesn't ask me out, I'll ask him out!
If he doesn't come, we won't go.
If he doesn't come, what will you do then?
If he doesn't come, what'll you do?
If he doesn't confess, Tom faces life imprisonment.
If he doesn't drink, he will die.
If he doesn't eat, he will cry.
If he doesn't get a letter from me once a month, he will reveal the Pope's secret to the world.
If he doesn't get here soon, I'm leaving.
If he doesn't go to school, I will not talk to him anymore.
If he doesn't know about it, then it doesn't matter.
If he doesn't play, he can't win.
If he doesn't shave for a few days, he gets that unsightly stubble on his chin.
If he doesn't speak Berber, he can't master it.
If he doesn't take the job, someone else will.
If he doesn't want to learn, we can't make him.
If he doesn't want to marry you, why did he get engaged to you?
If he doesn't work hard, he'll be lit on fire.
If he doesn't write, I will not write him anymore.
If he doesn't write, I won't write to him any more.
If he doesn’t accept the job, some other person will.
If he doesn’t come, we won’t go.
If he doesn’t come, what will you do then?
If he doesn’t come, what’ll you do?
If he doesn’t get a letter from me once a month, he will reveal the Pope’s secret to the world.
If he doesn’t want to learn, we can’t make him.
If he donates a kidney, he can survive with the other one.
If he drinks seawater, he would die.
If he eats a big lunch, he usually gets sleepy mid-afternoon.
If he eats that, he'll die.
If he failed his exam, it would be a big failure for him.
If he fails the Berber test, he won't get his diploma.
If he fails, so what?
If he finds out, certainly he will be very angry.
If he forks, he will soon catch you unawares.
If he gets caught, he could go to jail.
If he gets rich, he will buy it.
If he gives us this coin, we'll have completed our collection.
If he goes on like that, he will never amount to much.
If he got a 10 out of 10 on the test it's because he cheated.
If he had a chance, he would leave Algeria.
If he had any friends or any credit, we undertook that he should lose them.
If he had asked me to marry him, I think that I would have.
If he had attended the party, they would have been encouraged.
If he had been a bird, he could have flown to you.
If he had been a little more careful, he would have succeeded.
If he had been a little more careful, the accident would have been avoided.
If he had been a real friend, he wouldn't have betrayed you, now would he?
If he had been a real friend, he wouldn’t have betrayed you, now would he?
If he had been careful at the time, the horrific accident would not have happened.
If he had been careful back then, the horrific accident would not have happened.
If he had been careful then, the terrible accident would not have happened.
If he had been free, he would have gone fishing.
If he had been honest, I would have employed him.
If he had been honest, they would have employed him.
If he had been there, I could have given him your message.
If he had been there, would you have wanted to come?
If he had been with me then, I would not have done such a thing.
If he had called me last night, I would have told him the truth.
If he had carried the map with him, he wouldn't have got lost.
If he had carried the map with him, he wouldn’t have got lost.
If he had come five minutes later, he would have missed the train.
If he had drunk only a little alcohol, he wouldn't have been drunk.
If he had enough time, he might have done good work.
If he had failed the exam, what would he have done?
If he had given up smoking then, he might not be suffering from such a disease.
If he had gotten her advice, he would have succeeded.
If he had had time, he would have gone.
If he had had time, he would have visited us.
If he had heard her advice, he would have succeeded.
If he had insulted me, I would have given him a shove.
If he had intended to do it, he would have done it a long time ago.
If he had known about it, he would have come.
If he had known her phone number, he could have called her up.
If he had known, he might have come earlier.
If he had left at ten, he would have arrived here by now.
If he had listened, none of this would have happened.
If he had made a bit more of an effort, he'd have been successful.
If he had not died so young, he would have become a great scientist.
If he had not fallen in the war, he would now be more than sixty years old.
If he had not met with that accident, he would be alive now.
If he had not picked me up, I would not be here now.
If he had not worked hard, he would have failed the examination.
If he had received her advice, he would have succeeded.
If he had said that, he should have been punished.
If he had seen you, he would've been surprised.
If he had shared his provisions, he would have been able to appease the distress of that hungry family.
If he had something to say, the words were left unspoken.
If he had started walking early, he would have arrived by now.
If he had stayed at home that day, he would not have met with disaster.
If he had studied harder, he would have passed the exam.
If he had taken his doctor's advice, he might still be alive.
If he had taken his doctor’s advice, he might still be alive.
If he had taken my advice then, he would be a rich man now.
If he had taken my advice, he would now be rich.
If he had told me I could have protected him.
If he had told me the truth, I would have forgiven him.
If he had told me the truth, I wouldn't have forgiven him.
If he had told me, I wouldn't have done it.
If he had trained himself harder at that time, he would be healthier now.
If he had worked hard at that time, he would have succeeded.
If he had worked harder, he could have succeeded.
If he had worked harder, he might be a rich man now.
If he hadn't been eating while driving, he wouldn't have had an accident.
If he hadn't been injured, he might have won.
If he hadn't been lazy, he could've been rich.
If he hadn't been tired, he would have gone.
If he hadn't been tired, he would've gone.
If he hadn't taken that flight then, he would be alive now.
If he hadn't wasted time, he'd be finished by now.
If he hadn’t been tired, he would’ve gone.
If he hadn’t taken that flight then, he would be alive now.
If he hadn’t wasted time, he’d be finished by now.
If he has a cavity in his tooth, I want to know about it.
If he has come yesterday, why did he not call me then?
If he has time, he will come.
If he hasn't figured out what you're worth, he's a jerk.
If he have gored a son, or a daughter, he shall fall under the like sentence.
If he infiltrates our organization, we are finished.
If he invited you in, then get ready!
If he invites me, I'll go to the party.
If he is absent, we will not have an English test.
If he is born today we'll name him Alvaro, otherwise we'll name him Pablo.
If he is corrected too much, he will stop talking.
If he is in middle circumstances his clothes will be chosen chiefly for comfort.
If he is innocent, it follows that his wife is guilty.
If he is innocent, then his wife is guilty.
If he is not ill, he will come.
If he is not rich, he is at any rate happy.
If he is proficient in English, I'll employ him.
If he is proficient in English, I’ll employ him.
If he is tired, let him go to sleep.
If he is tired, let him sleep.
If he is tired, then we shall go.
If he isn't ill, I think he will come.
If he isn't sick, I think he will come.
If he isn’t ill, I think he will come.
If he isn’t sick, I think he will come.
If he keeps drifting aimlessly, his late father will turn over in his grave.
If he keeps drinking like that, he'll have to take a taxi home.
If he keeps drinking like that, he’ll have to take a taxi home.
If he keeps threatening you, then file a complaint.
If he keeps threatening you, then you should go to the police.
If he knew her phone number, he could call her.
If he knew his phone number, he could call him.
If he knew it, he would have said so.
If he knew that he had won the lottery, he would've called me straight away.
If he knew the truth he would tell it to us.
If he knew the truth, he would tell us.
If he knew the truth, then he should have already told me.
If he knew, he would tell us.
If he knew, he wouldn't have gone.
If he knows that we're here he'll kill us.
If he knows the truth, he will tell us.
If he makes one more mistake, he'll be fired.
If he makes that face it's because he's nervous.
If he marries her, he will be the luckiest man alive.
If he moves, shoot him!
If he points that gun at you, just keep on walking. Don't freeze. It's not a real gun.
If he proposes to me, I'll accept.
If he really doesn't want to do that, he shouldn't have to.
If he really doesn't want to go, he shouldn't have to.
If he really liked me, he would call me more often.
If he really liked me, he would have called me last night.
If he saw you, he'd be surprised.
If he saw you, he’d be surprised.
If he says "I love you" all the time he doesn't mean it.
If he says "I love you" all the time he doesn’t mean it.
If he says it is Monday, it is Monday.
If he sees that you saw him, he'll leave.
If he sends me any letters, I just tear them up and throw them away.
If he should arrive late, you may start the conference without him.
If he should arrive later, you may start the conference without him.
If he should be busy, help him.
If he should call me, please tell him I'll be back in an hour.
If he should call me, please tell him I’ll be back in an hour.
If he should call, tell him I am busy.
If he should come here, I will let you know at once.
If he should come in my absence, please ask him to wait until I come back.
If he should die tomorrow, what in the world would you do?
If he should hear the news, he would be shocked.
If he should one day return home, he'd be certain to visit the place where his grandfather grew up.
If he studied hard, he could pass the exam.
If he studied hard, he could pass the test.
If he studied hard, he would pass the test.
If he succeeds, Americans will lose credibility.
If he take him another wife; her food, her raiment, and her duty of marriage, shall he not diminish.
If he tells you to wash, you should get dirty instead.
If he tells you to wash, you should instead get dirty.
If he thinks he's the smartest, then there are people much smarter than him.
If he told me the truth, I would forgive him.
If he told me the truth, I would have forgiven him.
If he told the truth, he drowned Ramses in despair.
If he tried hard, he would succeed.
If he tries hard, he will succeed.
If he tries hard, he'll succeed.
If he turns right, he'll come to the museum.
If he walks in, I'm running away.
If he walks, I walk.
If he wanted it that way, then get ready!
If he wanted to get to London today, he should leave now.
If he wanted to marry you so badly, why did he never show up?
If he wants money, he'd take it from me.
If he wants to be king, let him go and fight.
If he wants to come, let him come. What is preventing him?
If he wants to come, let him do so. What is preventing him?
If he wants to grow, he has to take responsibility.
If he wants to succeed at all, he must work harder.
If he was a dictator, you'd be sucking up to him.
If he was able to do it, why can't I?
If he was still alive, he would have made the house prosper.
If he was to go back home one day, he'd certainly visit the place where his grandfather grew up.
If he was to return at seven o'clock, why didn't he?
If he was to return at seven o’clock, why didn’t he?
If he was vulnerable he was mortal, and if we could wound him we could kill him.
If he was worth it, he wouldn't have done what he did.
If he wasn't lazy, he might be rich by now.
If he went near the farmyard belonging to the count, he was pushed and knocked about, for the men and the maids said he was so horrible ugly; but he was used to all this, for nobody loved him.
If he were a bachelor, I would marry him.
If he were a good pitcher, we would win this game.
If he were a little younger, he would be eligible for the post.
If he were a wise man, he would not have his son idle.
If he were alive, he'd be very proud of the person you've become.
If he were as intelligent as he thinks he is, he wouldn't say such absurd things.
If he were given another chance, he'd do his best.
If he were happy, he would play much better.
If he were here, he would know what to do.
If he were here, he would visit us.
If he were here, what would he say?
If he were in your shoes, he would leave the office at 3pm.
If he were proficient in English, I would hire him.
If he were still of this world, his offspring would be prosperous.
If he were there he would know what to do.
If he were to go back home one day, he'd certainly visit the place where his grandfather grew up.
If he were to seek another woman to satiate his carnality, I wouldn't want to know.
If he were you, he would leave the office at 3pm.
If he were your friend, he wouldn't have done it.
If he weren't a Kennedy, Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. would be even more of a joke than he is now.
If he who hardly climbed a tree already thinks that he's a bird, then he's mistaken.
If he will come, I will wait for him till he comes.
If he will not work hard, he will be fired.
If he wins he will gain self-confidence.
If he wins the lottery he will be set for life.
If he would help you, he might come to you at once.
If he'd been alone at that time, he'd have died.
If he'd been there, he'd have told you to mind your manners.
If he'd had time, he would have visited us.
If he'd known the truth, he'd have told me.
If he'd known, he would've told us.
If he'd listened to me, he'd still be alive.
If he'd taken his doctor's advice, he might not have died.
If he'd told me the truth, I wouldn't be angry now.
If he'll find you here, he'll kill you.
If he's a journalist, I'm a star.
If he's busy, help him.
If he's committed a crime, he should be punished.
If he's convicted he'll have to pay a fine.
If he's doing it, I can do it, too!
If he's fluent in English, I'll hire him.
If he's full, he's happy.
If he's going to come, I'll let you know in advance.
If he's going, I'm going too.
If he's going, I'm not going.
If he's in town, why can't the police find him?
If he's late, it's OK to start the meeting without him.
If he's not there, yell back for him.
If he's not your boyfriend, then why are you sleeping with him?
If he's proficient in English, I'll hire him.
If he's still alive, he'd be very old by now.
If he's such a happy person, why are his novels so dark?
If he's tired, he should sleep.
If he's truly a friend, he'll forgive you.
If health departments amalgamate their data, we can better understand the picture for the whole country.
If her baby doesn't nap, he would get overtired.
If her condition worsens, send for a doctor immediately.
If her name hadn't been mentioned, I would have thought that she perished in the fire.
If her nose were a little shorter, she would be quite pretty.
If her temperature goes up, send for the doctor.
If he’d known the truth, he’d have told me.
If he’s fluent in English, I’ll hire him.
If his condition worsens, send for a doctor immediately.
If his father wasn't there, he'd be poor right now.
If his father wasn’t there, he’d be poor right now.
If his mother were to find out that he had been here, it would not please her, not even a little bit.
If his word were a bridge, I wouldn't cross it.
If his words were equivocal, his manner left their meaning unmistakable.
If history and science have taught us anything, it is that passion and desire are not the same as truth.
If history could teach us anything, it would be that private property is inextricably linked with civilization.
If homophobes and transphobes were right, they wouldn't need to lie constantly.
If human cloning would be a perfected procedure, would it become an alternative method of reproduction?
If human life is convex, we can optimize it.
If human nature is evolving, it's not much faster than the geological profile of the Earth.
If humanity's material life becomes richer year by year, cakes become more and more elaborate, technology becomes more and more convenient, and at the same time, without earlier generations planting trees, later generations would not be able to enjoy their shade, then I am sure that the "rich" life must've been brought about by our industrious forefathers, those who were unafraid to taste the bitterness of hardship.
If humans eventually populate outer space, and it is very iffy, what kind of society will they want?
If humans had eyes all around their head, "in front" and "behind" would not exist for them.
If humans sang a little more, this world would be less crazy.
If humans were meant to fly, they would have wings.
If humans were meant to write, they would have pencils for hands.
If i pass the exam i would be very happy
If ideas could be isolated in the brain, would they look the same from one brain to another?
If ifs and buts were candy and nuts, we'd all have a merry Christmas.
If ifs and buts were candy and nuts, we’d all have a merry Christmas.
If ignorance is bliss, there should be more happy people.
If in Tatoeba all the languages are equal, why are there more sentences in favor of Esperanto than in favor of the rest of the languages?
If in doubt, ask Tom.
If in doubt, better not translate.
If in doubt, kick it out.
If in six months I still can't find a job, I will go abroad.
If in the first act you have hung a pistol on the wall, then in the following one it should be fired. Otherwise don't put it there.
If in this self-portrait I seem to be staring at you, I'm not.
If in this self-portrait I seem to be staring at you, I’m not.
If indifference is the kiss of death for a relationship, then complacency is the kiss of death for a business.
If inspiration is not captured immediately, it can quickly disappear.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it.
If it annoys you so much, file a complaint.
If it be I whom you kiss, Chloe, you will kiss my lips, but if it be he, you will kiss those bristles which are sprouting about his mouth.
If it be bad to idolise you, I am the worst of men; if it be good, I am the best. My love for you is above all other love, and my truth to you is above all other truth.
If it becomes stubborn indeed it stands alone.
If it bleeds, it leads.
If it bothers you, I can stop doing this.
If it bothers you, we can stop doing this.
If it breaks, it's no big deal.
If it breaks, that's alright.
If it can be reused, we'll try to reuse it.
If it comes back from commercial, pause it.
If it comes to that, I'll commit suicide.
If it comes to that, I'll kill myself.
If it continues progressing well, it will be up and running in under a month.
If it continues to be stimulated the skin's protective function causes thickening and it becomes stiff and hard with pores that stand out.
If it continues to be stimulated the skin’s protective function causes thickening and it becomes stiff and hard with pores that stand out.
If it didn't need to be done, nobody would do this kind of thing.
If it didn't work why would you keep doing it?
If it does not rain.
If it doesn't challenge you and doesn't test your resilience and your ability to fight back against the odds, then you won't grow any wiser from it.
If it doesn't exist, create it.
If it doesn't feel weird at first, you're not learning something new.
If it doesn't get better after two weeks, you definitely must get a medical exam.
If it doesn't gross you out, you can use my spoon.
If it doesn't happen, don't blame me.
If it doesn't heal after a week, a doctor's diagnosis is necessary.
If it doesn't heal after a week, have a doctor examine it.
If it doesn't involve the physical near-extermination of a people carried out in a small number of years, it's not really comparable to the Holocaust.
If it doesn't make any sense, don't translate it.
If it doesn't rain now, there'll be a drought.
If it doesn't rain soon, our crops will die.
If it doesn't rain soon, our garden is going to dry up.
If it doesn't rain soon, there will be a drought.
If it doesn't rain tomorrow, Tom plans to go on a picnic with Mary.
If it doesn't rain tomorrow, let's go out.
If it doesn't rain tomorrow, we'll go hiking.
If it doesn't rain, I'll do that.
If it doesn't rain, let's go out.
If it doesn't rain, we'll do that.
If it doesn't rain, you can ride your bicycle.
If it doesn't seem to match the English sentence, how about I unlink it?
If it doesn't sound English, it's not English.
If it doesn't stop raining in the next half hour, we'll stay home.
If it doesn't stop raining, I won't go.
If it doesn't work, let me know.
If it doesn't work, maybe Tom can fix it.
If it doesn't work, throw it away.
If it doesn’t get better after two weeks, you definitely must get a medical exam.
If it doesn’t rain, let’s go out.
If it exists, a crossover with it will eventually happen.
If it exists, there is porn of it. No exceptions.
If it fails this time, we can try again.
If it falls tomorrow, it will have been going down for a week.
If it feels like you're faking it, chances are you're not.
If it gets a little warmer, we could go swimming.
If it gets boring, I will go home.
If it gets boring, I'll go home.
If it gets dangerous, give me a call.
If it gets that bad, replace the supervisor.
If it gets too hot, just open the window.
If it gets too intense, just let us know and we'll stop the experiment.
If it gets too loud, you're too old.
If it gives milk, then it's your mother.
If it goes well, I'll put you forward for a drama serial.
If it goes well, I’ll put you forward for a drama serial.
If it goes well, then it belongs to everyone. If it goes badly, then it belongs to one person.
If it had been fine yesterday, I'd have done that.
If it had been fine yesterday, I'd have gone.
If it had been important, I would have done it.
If it had been important, I would've done it.
If it had been light, I'd have read it.
If it had been two women, you surely would have applauded.
If it had not been for Miss Harrison here and for the doctor's care I should not be speaking to you now. She has nursed me by day and a hired nurse has looked after me by night, for in my mad fits I was capable of anything.
If it had not been for antibiotics, medicine would not have made such remarkable progress.
If it had not been for civil war, they would be wealthy now.
If it had not been for her advice, he would have failed.
If it had not been for her help, you would never have done it.
If it had not been for his advice, I might have failed.
If it had not been for his advice, she would not have flown to London.
If it had not been for his error, we would have won.
If it had not been for his father's help, he would have failed in business.
If it had not been for his father’s help, he would have failed in business.
If it had not been for his help, I would have failed.
If it had not been for his help, we would have failed in business.
If it had not been for his help, we would have failed in our enterprise.
If it had not been for his timely hit, our team would have lost the game.
If it had not been for his wife, he would not have changed his job.
If it had not been for the accident, we would have been in time.
If it had not been for the map, I would have lost my way.
If it had not been for the storm, I would have arrived earlier.
If it had not been for the storm, we would have been in time for the meeting.
If it had not been for your advice, I could not have succeeded.
If it had not been for your advice, I would have failed in my business.
If it had not been for your advice, I would have failed.
If it had not been for your aid, I would not have succeeded in my business.
If it had not been for your foolishness, we would never have been in that trouble.
If it had not been for your help, I couldn't have completed the work.
If it had not been for your help, I couldn’t have completed the work.
If it had not been for your help, I might have failed.
If it had not been for your help, I should have drowned.
If it had not been for your help, I would certainly have failed.
If it had not been for your help, I would have failed.
If it had not been for your help, I would have lost the game.
If it had not been for your help, he would have been ruined.
If it had not been for your help, my father would have failed.
If it had not been for your help, we might have failed.
If it had not been for your raincoat, I would have been drenched to the skin.
If it had not been for your support, he would have failed in business.
If it had not rained, we could have done sport.
If it had not rained, we would be doing sport right now.
If it had rained yesterday, I wouldn't have done that.
If it had rained yesterday, I wouldn't have gone.
If it had rained yesterday, Tom wouldn't have done that.
If it had rained yesterday, Tom wouldn't have gone.
If it had rained, I probably wouldn't have done that.
If it hadn't been for Lindbergh's luck and his knowledge of flying, he could never have succeeded in crossing the Atlantic.
If it hadn't been for Tom's advice, we might've failed.
If it hadn't been for Tom's help, I'd have failed.
If it hadn't been for Tom, I would've never been able to learn French.
If it hadn't been for her advice, he wouldn't have known what to do yesterday.
If it hadn't been for her help, I would never have passed the exam.
If it hadn't been for his advice, I couldn't have succeeded.
If it hadn't been for his help, I'd have failed.
If it hadn't been for his help, she might have drowned.
If it hadn't been for that accident, we would've arrived in time.
If it hadn't been for that accident, we would've arrived on time.
If it hadn't been for that anonymous tip, we would never have solved the case.
If it hadn't been for the map, we wouldn't have found the way.
If it hadn't been for the seatbelt, I wouldn't be alive today.
If it hadn't been for the storm, I would have arrived sooner.
If it hadn't been for the storm, I would've arrived sooner.
If it hadn't been for the storm, we would have arrived on time to the meeting.
If it hadn't been for the storm, we would have been in time.
If it hadn't been for the storm, we would've arrived sooner.
If it hadn't been for you, he would still be alive.
If it hadn't been for your advice, I couldn't have succeeded.
If it hadn't been for your advice, he would have been ruined.
If it hadn't been for your help, I would've failed.
If it hadn't been for your help, I wouldn't have been able to do that.
If it hadn't been for your help, I'd never have been able to do that.
If it hadn't been for your help, it would've failed.
If it hadn't been for your mackintosh, I would've been soaked to my skin.
If it hadn't been for your raincoat, I would've been soaked to the bone.
If it hadn't been for your raincoat, I would've been soaked to the skin.
If it hadn't been raining yesterday, I'd have done that.
If it hadn't been raining yesterday, I'd have gone.
If it hadn't been raining, we'd have had more fun.
If it hadn't rained so hard, the game wouldn't have been canceled.
If it hadn't rained, we would've had a better time.
If it hadn’t been for Lindbergh’s luck and his knowledge of flying, he could never have succeeded in crossing the Atlantic.
If it hadn’t been for his advice, I couldn’t have succeeded.
If it hadn’t been for his help, she might have drowned.
If it hadn’t been for the seatbelt, I wouldn’t be alive today.
If it hadn’t been for the storm, we would have been in time.
If it hadn’t been for you, he would still be alive.
If it happened to Tom, it could happen to me.
If it happened to Tom, it could happen to you.
If it happens again, please let me know right away.
If it happens again, we want to be ready.
If it happens to rain tomorrow I'll stay at home.
If it happens to rain tomorrow I’ll stay at home.
If it happens to rain, the garden party won't be held.
If it happens, it happens.
If it has something to do with Tom, I'm interested.
If it helps, I'll write it down.
If it hurt that much, he wouldn't be playing outside.
If it hurts, raise your hand.
If it hurts, squeeze my hand.
If it improves, it gets spoiled.
If it infiltrates our organization, we are finished.
If it is Tom's wish, you should definitely do that.
If it is a request from you, it is very likely that I will not be able to refuse.
If it is acceptable, I would appreciate if you are able to wait a little longer.
If it is acceptable, I would appreciate you waiting a little longer.
If it is allowed, I would like to go away.
If it is always so hot, I will move somewhere to the north.
If it is anything in the nature of a problem which you desire to see solved, I should strongly recommend you to come to my friend, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, before you go to the official police.
If it is dangerous to tell the truth, but it is shameful to lie, then you have to joke!
If it is even possible, translating jokes is quite hard.
If it is fine tomorrow, I will go sailing with my friends.
If it is fine tomorrow, we will play baseball.
If it is fine tomorrow, we'll go on a picnic.
If it is fine tomorrow, we'll go to the forest.
If it is fine tomorrow, we’ll go on a picnic.
If it is free, please send me a copy.
If it is hard for you, I would like to help you.
If it is in the afternoon, the first thing you will say is good afternoon.
If it is in the morning, the first thing you will say is good morning.
If it is interesting, any book will do.
If it is nice tomorrow, I will be working in the garden.
If it is nice weather tomorrow, let's go on a hike.
If it is nice weather tomorrow, let’s go on a hike.
If it is not absolutely necessary to enact a law, it is absolutely necessary to not adopt a law.
If it is not sick, an apple does not fall from a tree until it is ripe.
If it is not true it is very well invented.
If it is ok, can you be my friend?
If it is raining tomorrow, we stay at home.
If it is raining, I won't go out tonight.
If it is raining, I won’t go out tonight.
If it is rainy tomorrow, the game will be put off.
If it is seen from a spaceship, the earth looks blue.
If it is sunny tomorrow, we will go on a picnic.
If it is true that the Greeks forbade misogynists to go to the play, they acted in a right way; for they would at any rate be able to hear something.
If it is true that the Greeks forbade women to go to the play, they acted in a right way; for they would at any rate be able to hear something.
If it is true that those who take the sword will die by the sword, as is written, then those who massacre Ukrainians, for example, or other innocent people, will perish the same way, whether they're the planners or instigators of the massacres or they delay helping the innocent to gain more and more money.
If it is true, it follows that Nakagawa is guilty.
If it is used properly, this tool will be a great help.
If it is useful for improving your life, it cannot be done too soon.
If it is worth doing at all, it is worth doing well.
If it is worth doing, do it well.
If it is wrongly used, the medicine will be a poison.
If it is, we will send you back a list of sentences to record.
If it isn't a bad, dirty, or wrong thing, then it's alright.
If it isn't broken, don't fix it.
If it isn't expensive, I'll buy it.
If it isn't for money, then what's the point?
If it isn't her, it's him who wakes you up!
If it isn't on Tatoeba, it isn't a sentence.
If it isn't one thing, it's another.
If it isn't out of your way, please take this letter to the post office.
If it isn’t broken, don’t fix it.
If it isn’t on Tatoeba, it isn’t a sentence.
If it isn’t out of your way, please take this letter to the post office.
If it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck, then it's probably not a squirrel.
If it looks like a duck, swims like a duck, and quacks like a duck, then it probably is a duck.
If it looks like a duck, swims like a duck, and quacks like a duck, then it's probably a duck.
If it looks like a war, if it sounds like a war and if it kills like a war, then it actually is a war.
If it looks like an apple and it tastes like an apple, it's probably an apple.
If it looks like an apple and it tastes like an apple, it’s probably an apple.
If it looks like war, sounds like war and kills like war, then it is war.
If it makes you feel any better, you'll die in two hours.
If it makes you feel bad, why do you smoke?
If it means that much to you, I'll get rid of Tom.
If it means what I think it means, we're in trouble.
If it moves and it shouldn't, use duct tape. If it doesn't move and it should, use WD-40.
If it must be that way, so be it.
If it never happened to you, you're a virgin.
If it rained a bit harder, it might cause floods.
If it rained, we would not go and do sport.
If it rains a lot, I want to take a walk in the park.
If it rains on that day, the game will be postponed until the next fine day.
If it rains the day after tomorrow I'll be inside.
If it rains the day after tomorrow I’ll be inside.
If it rains the day after tomorrow, I will stay at home.
If it rains the day after tomorrow, I'll stay at home.
If it rains the day after tomorrow, I’ll stay at home.
If it rains this afternoon, I won't go out.
If it rains this evening, I'm not going out.
If it rains today, we will not go to the sea.
If it rains tomorrow, I will not be going.
If it rains tomorrow, I will stay at home all day.
If it rains tomorrow, I will stay at home.
If it rains tomorrow, I won't come.
If it rains tomorrow, I won't do that.
If it rains tomorrow, I won't go on a picnic.
If it rains tomorrow, I won't go to the picnic.
If it rains tomorrow, I won't go.
If it rains tomorrow, I won’t go on a picnic.
If it rains tomorrow, I won’t go to the picnic.
If it rains tomorrow, I won’t go.
If it rains tomorrow, I'll just stay at home.
If it rains tomorrow, I'll stay at home all day.
If it rains tomorrow, I'll stay at home.
If it rains tomorrow, I'll stay home.
If it rains tomorrow, I'll watch TV.
If it rains tomorrow, I'm not going to the meeting.
If it rains tomorrow, I'm not going.
If it rains tomorrow, I’ll just stay at home.
If it rains tomorrow, I’ll stay at home.
If it rains tomorrow, I’m not going to the meeting.
If it rains tomorrow, Tom and I aren't going.
If it rains tomorrow, Tom won't come.
If it rains tomorrow, let's stay home.
If it rains tomorrow, let’s stay home.
If it rains tomorrow, she will not come here.
If it rains tomorrow, the baseball game will be put off.
If it rains tomorrow, the excursion will be canceled.
If it rains tomorrow, the game will be called off.
If it rains tomorrow, the game will be canceled.
If it rains tomorrow, the game will be cancelled.
If it rains tomorrow, the picnic will be canceled.
If it rains tomorrow, the picnic will be next week.
If it rains tomorrow, the tour will be canceled.
If it rains tomorrow, the tour will be cancelled.
If it rains tomorrow, the trip will be cancelled.
If it rains tomorrow, there will be no excursion.
If it rains tomorrow, they will not go.
If it rains tomorrow, we should stay home.
If it rains tomorrow, we will go there by car.
If it rains tomorrow, we won't go hiking.
If it rains tomorrow, we won't go on a picnic.
If it rains tomorrow, we won't go there.
If it rains tomorrow, we won't go to the beach.
If it rains tomorrow, we won't go to the picnic.
If it rains tomorrow, we won't go.
If it rains tomorrow, we'll get a ride.
If it rains tomorrow, we'll go by bus.
If it rains tomorrow, we'll go by car.
If it rains tomorrow, we'll go there by car.
If it rains tomorrow, we'll not go there.
If it rains tomorrow, we'll stay at home.
If it rains tomorrow, we’ll not go there.
If it rains tomorrow, we’ll stay at home.
If it rains tomorrow, will you stay at home?
If it rains tonight, I am not going to go out.
If it rains tonight, I won't be going out.
If it rains tonight, I won't go out of my house.
If it rains tonight, I'm not going to go out.
If it rains, I don't care.
If it rains, I have an umbrella.
If it rains, I won't do that.
If it rains, I won't go.
If it rains, I'll do that.
If it rains, I'll stay at home.
If it rains, I’ll stay at home.
If it rains, Tom probably won't do that.
If it rains, Tom won't do that.
If it rains, bring the washing in.
If it rains, call me.
If it rains, he won't come.
If it rains, make sure you have an umbrella on hand.
If it rains, please call me.
If it rains, take the washing in.
If it rains, the event will be canceled.
If it rains, the excursion will be called off.
If it rains, the game will be called off.
If it rains, the game will be canceled.
If it rains, the game will be put off.
If it rains, the picnic will be canceled.
If it rains, we can eat inside.
If it rains, we will go to the art museum.
If it rains, we will put off our practice match.
If it rains, we will stay at home.
If it rains, we won't go there.
If it rains, we won't go.
If it rains, we won't have a picnic.
If it rains, we'll cancel the trip.
If it rains, we'll go to the cinema.
If it rains, we'll just do something else.
If it rains, we'll stay at home.
If it rains, we're going to stay home.
If it rains, we're not going.
If it rains, we’ll stay indoors.
If it really winds you up this much, maybe it's about time you log off.
If it says here allegro, you have to play allegro.
If it should rain tomorrow afternoon, we will meet in the gym.
If it should rain tomorrow, I will put off my departure till the first fine day.
If it should rain tomorrow, I won't play golf.
If it should rain tomorrow, I won’t play golf.
If it should rain tomorrow, I would stay home.
If it should rain tomorrow, the excursion will be canceled.
If it should rain tomorrow, the game would be called off.
If it should rain tomorrow, they will not go.
If it should rain tomorrow, we would go by bus.
If it should rain, he will not come.
If it should rain, the game will be called off.
If it should rain, the garden party would be in a mess.
If it should rain, we'll simply do something else.
If it smells funny, don't eat it.
If it snowed in May, they would be surprised.
If it snows a lot tomorrow, let's make a snowman.
If it snows much tomorrow, let's make a snowman.
If it snows much tomorrow, let’s make a snowman.
If it snows on the mountain, it is cold in the valley.
If it snows on the mountain, it's cold in the valley.
If it snows tomorrow, I will build a snowman.
If it snows tomorrow, I'll build a snowman.
If it snows tomorrow, I’ll build a snowman.
If it snows tonight, I'll likely stay home tomorrow.
If it snows, I don't go out.
If it snows, I will not go outside.
If it snows, I won't do that.
If it snows, I won't go out.
If it snows, I won't go outside.
If it snows, I won't go with you.
If it snows, I won't leave my house.
If it snows, I'll stay home.
If it snows, I'll stay inside.
If it snows, airplanes won't be able to take off.
If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is.
If it sounds too good to be true, it probably isn't.
If it sounds too good to be true, it's probably not true.
If it starts raining we'll have to give up on our bike ride.
If it starts raining, the field party won't happen.
If it starts to rain, we can go inside.
If it stays outside the freezer, the juice is going to get warm.
If it stops raining, I may go out.
If it stops raining, I'll do that.
If it takes a bloodbath, let's get it over with.
If it tastes bad, spit it out.
If it turns out that I can't come, I'll ring you beforehand.
If it walks like a duck, swims like a duck, and quacks like a duck, it's probably a duck.
If it was a joke, I'm not laughing.
If it was about Zionism and not about Jews, non-Zionist Jews wouldn't have been ethnically cleansed from most countries in Southwest Asia and North Africa.
If it was easy, anybody could do it.
If it was easy, it wouldn't be a challenge.
If it was going to be a long conversation, going inside would certainly be more comfortable than staying out.
If it was her, what would she do?
If it was hurting that much, he wouldn't be playing outside.
If it was just a book the Space Police wouldn't be sticking their noses in. The problem is that it's a bundle of super technology.
If it was just a book the Space Police wouldn’t be sticking their noses in. The problem is that it’s a bundle of super technology.
If it was light I’d have read it.
If it was mine to say, I wouldn't speak.
If it was them, I wonder what would they do?
If it wasn't a mouse, what was it?
If it wasn't for Daniel's choices, Amanda wouldn't live in this fancy house.
If it wasn't for Robert, something bad could have happened.
If it wasn't for Tom, you'd probably be dead now.
If it wasn't for Ziri, Rima wouldn't have found out.
If it wasn't for alcohol, none of us would exist.
If it wasn't for modern medicine, I'd be dead right now.
If it wasn't for music, the world would be a dull place.
If it wasn't for the doctor's treatment, that patient would be dead.
If it wasn't for you, I don't know what I'd do.
If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't be here now.
If it wasn't for your help, I would've failed.
If it wasn't for your help, it would've failed.
If it wasn't serious, I wouldn't have picked up the phone to worry you.
If it wasn’t for the doctor’s treatment, that patient would be dead.
If it were OK for me to only work on weekends, would I do it? Of course, I would.
If it were Sunday today, we would go fishing.
If it were Sunday today, we'd go fishing.
If it were a colder summer, I wouldn't mind it at all.
If it were absolutely necessary to choose, I would rather be guilty of an immoral act than of a cruel one.
If it were as easy as you say it is, I would've already done it.
If it were done when 'tis done, then 'twere well / It were done quickly: if the assassination / Could trammel up the consequence, and catch / With his surcease success; that but this blow / Might be the be-all and the end-all here, / But here, upon this bank and shoal of time, / We'd jump the life to come.
If it were easy, anybody could do it.
If it were me, I think I'd try going to a different hospital.
If it were me, I wouldn't do that.
If it were me, I wouldn't have been so polite.
If it were me, I wouldn't move to Australia.
If it were me, I'd buy the bigger one.
If it were me, I'd buy the cheaper one.
If it were me, I'd buy the one with a larger screen.
If it were me, I'd never do that again.
If it were me, I'd say, "OK."
If it were me, I'd stop doing that.
If it were me, I'd wait.
If it were my story, I'd cut the first paragraph.
If it were not for air and water, nothing alive would exist.
If it were not for air and water, nothing could live.
If it were not for air and water, we could not live.
If it were not for air, we could not live on the earth.
If it were not for air, we could not live.
If it were not for books, each generation would have to rediscover for itself the truths of the past.
If it were not for books, life would be boring.
If it were not for electricity, our civilized life would be impossible.
If it were not for examinations, how happy our school life would be!
If it were not for examinations, our school life would be happier.
If it were not for exams, we would be happy.
If it were not for great books, our lives would be much the poorer.
If it were not for her help, I would not succeed.
If it were not for his assistance, we could not carry out the project.
If it were not for his help, I might fail.
If it were not for his idleness, he would be a nice fellow.
If it were not for my family, I would give up this job.
If it were not for plants, we wouldn't be able to live.
If it were not for plants, we wouldn’t be able to live.
If it were not for sports, how dull school life would be!
If it were not for television, the world would feel even larger.
If it were not for the air, planes could not fly.
If it were not for the computer, how inconvenient our lives would be!
If it were not for the snow, we could climb the mountain.
If it were not for the sun, every living thing would die.
If it were not for the sun, no living creatures could exist on the earth.
If it were not for the sun, nothing could live.
If it were not for the sun, there would be no life on the earth.
If it were not for the sun, we could not live at all.
If it were not for the sun, we could not live.
If it were not for the sun, we would all die.
If it were not for this book, I couldn't study.
If it were not for this book, I couldn’t study.
If it were not for this defect, I should hire him at once.
If it were not for water and salt, we could not live.
If it were not for water, human life would be impossible.
If it were not for water, humans could not survive.
If it were not for water, no creature could live.
If it were not for water, no living things could live.
If it were not for water, no one could live on earth.
If it were not for water, nothing could live.
If it were not for water, there would be no life on the earth.
If it were not for water, we could not live.
If it were not for water, we couldn't live.
If it were not for water, we couldn’t live.
If it were not for women being admitted into our order, my teachings would have lasted 1000 years, now they will not last 500.
If it were not for your advice I would fail.
If it were not for your advice, I would be at a loss.
If it were not for your help, I could not have succeeded.
If it were not for your help, I could not run this store.
If it were not for your help, I could not succeed.
If it were not for your help, I might have failed.
If it were not raining, I would go fishing.
If it were only me, I'd stay and help.
If it were possible, I'd like to have the youth and energy that you all have.
If it were possible, someone would have done it by now.
If it were possible, someone would've done it by now.
If it were raining, we would not go and do sport.
If it were so easy to take a house with you, I would at least have brought one with a kitchen and a bathroom.
If it were to rain a bit harder, it might cause floods.
If it were to rain tomorrow, the match would be postponed.
If it were to rain, he would not go.
If it were true, what would you do?
If it were up to Tom, you wouldn't work here anymore.
If it were up to him, he'd just watch television.
If it were up to me I would never leave.
If it were up to me, I would pull out of the deal.
If it were up to me, I'd have you all exiled.
If it were up to me, I'd let you do that.
If it were up to me, I'd say yes.
If it were up to me, I'd take you out right now.
If it were up to me, we could still take care of this tomorrow.
If it were up to me, you would all be exiled.
If it were up to me, you'd be on that pitch right now.
If it were up to me, you'd be on that stage right now.
If it were up to us, we'd say no.
If it were you, what would you do?
If it were you, where would you have hidden the stone?
If it were you, you would do exactly the same thing.
If it weren't for Tom's presence of mind, Mary would be dead now.
If it weren't for her annuity, she'd never be able to pay the bills.
If it weren't for her help, I would never have passed the exam.
If it weren't for her help, I would not be alive now.
If it weren't for his help, your success would've been impossible.
If it weren't for his negligence, it would have never happened.
If it weren't for me, you would probably be rotting at the bottom of a ditch by now.
If it weren't for me, you wouldn't even have a roof over your head.
If it weren't for modern medicine, I'd be dead right now.
If it weren't for music, the world would be a boring place.
If it weren't for music, the world would be a dull place.
If it weren't for my advice, you would have failed.
If it weren't for my dog Cookie, I never would've met Tom.
If it weren't for my illnesses and injuries, I'd probably be a better runner.
If it weren't for our friendship I would be miserable.
If it weren't for the climate, I'd like it here very much.
If it weren't for the iPhone, I wouldn't be able to learn Japanese.
If it weren't for the iPhone, i wouldn't have been able to learn Japanese.
If it weren't for the quick thinking of the store's manager, the whole building might have erupted in flames.
If it weren't for the rain, we would have had a pleasant journey.
If it weren't for the snow, we could climb the mountain.
If it weren't for the sun, every living thing would die.
If it weren't for the sun, life would be impossible.
If it weren't for the sun, we'd all die.
If it weren't for water, humans wouldn't survive.
If it weren't for water, there'd be no life on Earth.
If it weren't for you guys, I would have died.
If it weren't for you, God knows when we'd find out about their mistake.
If it weren't for you, I don't know what I'd do.
If it weren't for you, I would have died.
If it weren't for you, I wouldn't be where I am today.
If it weren't for your courage, we'd now be dead.
If it weren't for your help, I would've failed.
If it weren't for your help, I wouldn't have been able to do that.
If it weren't for your help, he wouldn't have succeeded.
If it weren't for your invaluable help, everything would be ruined.
If it weren't raining, I'd be able to do that today.
If it weren’t for her help, I would not be alive now.
If it weren’t for him, I’d be lost.
If it weren’t for our friendship I would be miserable.
If it weren’t for the climate, I’d like it here very much.
If it weren’t for the problem with the sewers, we would already have built the house.
If it weren’t for the rain, we would have had a pleasant journey.
If it weren’t for your invaluable help, everything would be ruined.
If it works, that's good; otherwise, we will have tried.
If it works, we can celebrate.
If it works, we’ll be ahead of schedule.
If it works, we’ll move forward.
If it would help, I can show you how to do that.
If it would please your lordship, I have brought with me some of the loveliest treasures from around the world.
If it'll help, I'll go talk to Tom.
If it's OK for Tom to buy a knife, then why can't I?
If it's OK for Tom to buy a knife, then why on earth can't I?
If it's OK for Tom to do that, then why can't I?
If it's OK for her to buy a knife, then why on earth can't I?
If it's OK with you, I'd like to do that now.
If it's OK with you, I'd like to leave early.
If it's OK with you, Tom, how would you like dinner with me?
If it's OK, I would be happy to do it.
If it's OK, I'd like to do that now.
If it's OK, I'd like to sleep for a few hours.
If it's OK, let's swim to the other bank!
If it's OK, let's swim to the other shore!
If it's Tom we're talking of, he swam every morning.
If it's Tom we're talking of, he went swimming every morning.
If it's Tom, he swam every morning.
If it's Tom, he went swimming every morning.
If it's Tom, we've got problems.
If it's a biological reality, why does it need a police state to enforce it?
If it's a boy, I want to name the baby Tom.
If it's a chemistry, leave it to me!
If it's a girl, we'll call her Tatoeba.
If it's a god that you can understand, than it is no god at all.
If it's a good day tomorrow, let's go to the river to swim.
If it's a nice day tomorrow, we'll go on a picnic.
If it's a nice story, that would be good.
If it's a request from you, I'm hardly likely to be able to turn you down flat.
If it's a rose, it'll bloom.
If it's a simple piece of music, I can sight-sing it.
If it's a simple tune, I can sight-sing it.
If it's a thing related to chemistry, leave it to me!
If it's afternoon, the first thing you have to say is good afternoon.
If it's all right with you, I'd appreciate your not bringing up the subject. We don't want to hear about it.
If it's all right with you, I'd like to stay for a while longer.
If it's all right with you, I'll leave when Tom does.
If it's all the same to you, I think I'll give it a miss.
If it's all too much for you, just say so.
If it's allowed.
If it's alright with you, I think I'll go to sleep.
If it's an aggressive strange salesman, then call me right away. I'll chase him off.
If it's an infection, you might need antibiotics.
If it's at all possible, I'd like you to take part in the next meeting.
If it's badly insulated, it won't warm up regardless of how much heating you use.
If it's cheap, I buy it.
If it's cheap, I'll buy it.
If it's close by, walk.
If it's close, let's walk.
If it's close, walk.
If it's convenient come here tonight.
If it's convenient, I'd appreciate it if you waited a little longer.
If it's convenient, please come here tonight.
If it's cute, it's hiding hatred.
If it's easy for you to get up, take care of yourself.
If it's fine tomorrow, I'll go sailing with my friends.
If it's fine tomorrow, we'll go on a picnic.
If it's fine tomorrow, we'll play baseball.
If it's for the night, the first thing you should say is good night.
If it's free, get as much as you can.
If it's free, people will come.
If it's free, then yes.
If it's fun, I will stay.
If it's fun, I'll stay.
If it's going to be like that, nevermind.
If it's going to rain tomorrow, I won't be going to the picnic.
If it's going to require a total restructuring, I'm sure they will be satisfied with the old system.
If it's going to take four hours from the foot of the mountain to the top, let's forget it.
If it's hot outside, I'd rather stay inside.
If it's like that, it's easy.
If it's like that, then there's no problem, right?
If it's me you're talking to, it would be better if you changed the subject.
If it's morning, the first thing you have to say is good morning.
If it's my family that's the problem, I'll cut them off, I swear.
If it's near, let's walk.
If it's necessary to do so, I'll pay back my loan now.
If it's night, the first thing you have to say is good night.
If it's not broken, don't fix it.
If it's not enough, we'll add more.
If it's not for sale, don't advertise.
If it's not from Scotland and it hasn't been aged at least twelve years, then it isn't whisky.
If it's not good enough for you, do it yourself.
If it's not one thing, it's another.
If it's not possible, we have to make it possible.
If it's not raining tomorrow, I might work in the garden.
If it's not raining tomorrow, let's go hiking.
If it's not raining tomorrow, let's go to the beach.
If it's not raining, Tom usually walks to school.
If it's not the one, it's the other.
If it's not to your liking, tell me.
If it's not too expensive, I'll do that.
If it's not too much to ask, perhaps you could do that for us.
If it's not too much trouble, I would like some help.
If it's not too much trouble, could you come over here and help me?
If it's okay for her to buy a knife, then why on earth can't I?
If it's okay for him to buy a knife, then why on earth can't I?
If it's okay with you, I'd like to take it slow. I really don't want to rush into things.
If it's okay, might I inquire how old you are?
If it's okay.
If it's origami, you can leave it to me! I can't do anything other than that, though...
If it's possible for you not to write, you shouldn't write.
If it's possible, I want to go home now.
If it's possible, I'd like to exchange this for a larger size.
If it's possible, why not?
If it's raining tomorrow, I won't do that.
If it's raining tomorrow, I won't go to the beach.
If it's raining tomorrow, I'll probably stay inside and read a book.
If it's raining tomorrow, I'll stay home.
If it's raining tomorrow, let's go by car.
If it's raining tomorrow, let's go there by car.
If it's raining tomorrow, the picnic will be canceled.
If it's raining tomorrow, then we'll go there in the car.
If it's raining tomorrow, we'll go by car.
If it's raining tomorrow, we'll go there by car.
If it's raining, I won't go out tonight.
If it's raining, I won't go.
If it's raining, we don't plan to go hiking.
If it's rainy the mountain climbing will be called off.
If it's related to chemistry, leave it to me!
If it's rocking don't bother knocking.
If it's sold out, just forget about it.
If it's something that you can do, do it.
If it's something you can do, do it.
If it's sunny tomorrow, we'll go on a picnic.
If it's sunny, let's go to the club.
If it's that bad, you should go to the hospital.
If it's that bad, you should hire a lawyer.
If it's that bad, you should see a doctor.
If it's that bad, you should see a therapist.
If it's that bad, you should see someone about it.
If it's that hot, how about you take off all your clothes?
If it's there, I'll find it.
If it's too challenging for even our teacher, what hope is there for us?
If it's too complicated, I'll simplify it.
If it's too good to be true, it probably is.
If it's too good to be true, it's probably not true.
If it's too hard for you to do that, I'll ask Tom.
If it's too hard for you, I'll ask Tom to do it.
If it's too heavy, add lightness.
If it's too much for you to handle, then you don't have to do it.
If it's too much trouble for you to do that, then don't bother to do it.
If it's too much trouble for you to do that, then don't worry about it.
If it's unfair for trans women to compete in women's sports, how come coaches aren't trying to recruit trans women to get an edge?
If it's unfair for trans women to compete in women's sports, how come trans women aren't dominating in any sport?
If it's urgent I can page her ...?
If it's working for you, keep doing it.
If it's written in a book, it must be true.
If it's all right with you, I'll go home early today.
If its rhythm is fine, the sentence is all right.
If it’s a nice day tomorrow, we’ll go on a picnic.
If it’s a request from you, I’m hardly likely to be able to turn you down flat.
If it’s an aggressive strange salesman, then call me right away. I’ll chase him off.
If it’s at all possible, I’d like you to take part in the next meeting.
If it’s badly insulated, it won’t warm up regardless of how much heating you use.
If it’s convenient come here tonight.
If it’s convenient, please come here tonight.
If it’s free, get as much as you can.
If it’s going to require a total restructuring, I’m sure they will be satisfied with the old system.
If it’s going to take four hours from the foot of the mountain to the top, let’s forget it.
If it’s necessary to do so, I’ll pay back my loan now.
If it’s not from Scotland and it hasn’t been aged at least twelve years, then it isn’t whisky.
If it’s not one thing, it’s another.
If it’s not too much trouble, I would like some help.
If it’s okay for her to buy a knife, then why on earth can’t I?
If it’s okay for him to buy a knife, then why on earth can’t I?
If it’s possible, I’d like to exchange this for a larger size.
If it’s raining, we don’t plan to go hiking.
If it’s rainy the mountain climbing will be called off.
If it’s sold out, then just forget it.
If it’s too late, let me know.
If it’s urgent I can page her ...?
If ivy doesn't have anything to climb up, it will spread.
If jumps too high the rat - it's captured by the cat.
If jumps too high the rat - it’s captured by the cat.
If kept in a cool dry place, it may be preserved for a long time; but if it be badly corked, and kept in a damp place, it will soon spoil.
If kids are old enough to learn about the Catholic Church, they're certainly old enough to know LGBTQ people exist.
If knowledge is power, ignorance is powerlessness.
If labor pains hurt as much as people say, everyone would only have one child!
If left to his own devices, he would never go to school.
If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.
If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they don't want to hear.
If life deals you lemons, make lemonade.
If life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
If life is a dream, what happens if I wake up?
If life is only a passage, on this passage at least let us sow flowers.
If life is ridiculous and absurd, be glad that it is not tedious.
If life puts us on our knees, let's dance the limbo!
If life turns its back on you...
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor.
If living a long life is your goal, please think about stopping smoking.
If long-term beds are reduced, then it won't be possible to do that and normal sickbeds will also be adversely affected.
If long-term beds are reduced, then it won’t be possible to do that and normal sickbeds will also be adversely affected.
If looks could kill, I'd be dead by now.
If looks could kill, I’d be dead by now.
If looks could kill, bolts of lightning would be coming from her eyes.
If looks could kill, there would be lightning bolts coming from her eyes.
If lorries are overtaking you, then you're driving too slowly!
If machines are to be used to record and count votes, these must use open-source programming code and produce a hard-copy printout which each voter can verify as accurate when casting a ballot, and which will be used in the event of a later manual recount.
If man does not put an end to war, war will put an end to mankind.
If man had wings, he would fly as a bird.
If managed poorly, Algeria's population growth could cause poverty.
If mankind does not put an end to war, war will put an end to mankind.
If mankind doesn't take care of the environment, the environment may eliminate mankind.
If mankind doesn’t take care of the environment, the environment may eliminate mankind.
If martians exist, they would probably be microorganisms.
If mass curves space, then very large masses moving quickly through space would create ripples in space. These are called gravitational waves.
If masturbation were a crime, all of humanity would be on death row.
If memory serves me right, this is where we first met each other.
If memory serves, I was given this amplifier as a present for my sixteenth birthday.
If men are from Mars, and women from Venus, then they are respectively Martians and Venusians.
If men are wolves then women are devils.
If men knew all that women thought, they'd be a thousand times more daring.
If men quarrel, and one strike a woman with child and she miscarry indeed, but live herself: he shall be answerable for so much damage as the woman's husband shall require, and as arbiters shall award.
If men quarrel, and the one strike his neighbour with a stone, or with his fist, and he die not, but keepeth his bed: If he rise again and walk abroad upon his staff, he that struck him shall be quit, yet so that he make restitution for his work, and for his expenses upon the physicians.
If men travelled at light speed, they would probably be transformed into pure energy.
If men were angels, no government would be necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary. In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men, the great difficulty lies in this: you must first enable the government to control the governed; and in the next place oblige it to control itself.
If metempsychosis be a true doctrine, her spirit must have once animated a steel-clad knight.
If mice flew, they would look like birds.
If mind is clean, fate is good.
If money is being made off a sporting event, the athletes should be paid.
If money tasted as good as it is to have, I would eat it all the time.
If money was a reward for hard work, there would be no billionaires.
If money was no object, what would you do all day?
If money wasn't an issue, what would you like to work as?
If monkeys could talk, what would they say?
If monogamy is your thing, great. It's not for everyone, though.
If more people gave blood, the world would be a happier place.
If more people had voted, we would have won the election.
If more than one Esperanto speaker finds the phrase illogical, I will change it.
If most X are Y, it does not follow that most Y are X.
If most of us remain ignorant of ourselves, it is because self-knowledge is painful and we prefer the pleasure of illusion.
If music be the food of love, play on.
If music is the universal language how do you say, "A large coffee, double cream, no sugar"?
If my adversary takes advantage of my weakness, it will be impossible for me to win.
If my aunt had balls, she'd be my uncle.
If my aunt had testicles, she'd be my uncle.
If my baby sees a cat, he will toddle over to it as fast as he can.
If my boy had not been killed in the traffic accident, he would be a college student now.
If my brother hadn't helped me, I would have drowned.
If my brother hadn't helped me, I would've drowned.
If my brother hadn't saved me, I would have drowned.
If my brother hadn't saved me, I would've drowned.
If my brother were here, he would know what to do.
If my brother would have been there, he would have known what to do.
If my car breaks down, I'll have to call my insurance company.
If my cat bothers you, don't have any qualms about telling me.
If my country was fine, we would go back to live with our parents.
If my father had not been killed in the war, he would be over sixty years old now.
If my father had not fallen in the war, he would now be more than sixty years old.
If my father hadn't been, and whatever kind of person he was, I wouldn't be either.
If my films don't show a profit, I know I'm doing something right.
If my goals are low enough, then there’s no way I can fail.
If my grandma had wheels, she'd be a bike.
If my help is no longer needed, I'll be going.
If my house were a mansion, I would invite everyone I know to my birthday party.
If my husband finds tickets for the concert, he will also buy two for you.
If my kids were younger, I'd buy one for them.
If my kids were younger, I'd buy them one.
If my memory isn't playing tricks on me, he has 5 brothers and sisters.
If my memory serves me right, Tom and Mary got married in October of 2003.
If my memory serves me well, I was given this amplifier for my sixteenth birthday.
If my mistakes were always corrected, I would learn faster.
If my mortal sight is closed to objects present with me, it may be so that I can look with more steadiness into future events.
If my mother finds out, she'll kill me!
If my mother had still been alive, she would have helped me at that time.
If my mother hadn't intervened, we would have come to blows.
If my mother were still alive, she would have helped me.
If my mother were still alive, she would've helped me.
If my pain could be weighed right now, it'd weigh more than all the sand in the sea.
If my parents discover that you came over, they are capable of doing something crazy.
If my parents discover that you came over, they might do something crazy.
If my parents find out you came over, they could do something crazy.
If my parents hadn't sold their apartment in Malaga, I'd be a resident of Malaga today.
If my parents learn about this, I've had it.
If my parents punished me for something I didn't do, I would tell them the truth and try to convince them of my innocence.
If my parents punished me for something I didn’t do, I would tell them the truth and try to convince them of my innocence.
If my plane doesn't crash, and if I do not get kidnapped by organ thieves, I will drop you a line at the beginning of the week.
If my plane doesn’t crash, and if I do not get kidnapped by organ thieves, I will drop you a line at the beginning of the week.
If my pupils won't do as I tell them I shall punish them.
If my robot goes on a rant, can that also be called a "roborant"?
If my schedule changes, I'll let you know.
If my sentences are long enough, the probability that they already exist becomes very low.
If my uncle had a fanny, he'd be my aunt.
If my vision gets any worse, I might need glasses!
If my wife calls, just tell her I'm in an important meeting and can't be disturbed.
If my wife calls, just tell her I'm in an important meeting and cannot be disturbed.
If my wife calls, just tell her I’m in an important meeting and cannot be disturbed.
If my wife sits next to me, I drive more slowly.
If native speakers can't understand your Berber, this means that something is wrong with your pronunciation.
If native speakers of Turkish contribute new, natural-sounding sentences in their own language or translate into Turkish the non-Turkish sentences which they can fully understand, then Tatoeba will become an even better resource for everyone, for example, who is learning English via Turkish or learning Turkish via English.
If nature were a bank they would have saved it already.
If necessary, I have no objection to paying a special fee.
If necessary, I will come soon.
If necessary, I'll come at nine tomorrow.
If necessary, I'll come soon.
If necessary, I'll investigate it.
If necessary, I'll visit him.
If necessary, I’ll come at nine tomorrow.
If necessary, the government will force estate agents to reduce land prices.
If necessary, we'll consider it.
If necessary, you can take the assistance of Bangladesh Bank.
If need be, I will come early tomorrow morning.
If need be, I'll come early tomorrow morning.
If need be, I'll go with you.
If needed goods are not supplied to the cities, population and markets decline.
If needed, I'll be with you in no time.
If neither Tom, Mary, John, nor Alice ever did it, it never happened.
If no goals are set, it's impossible to fail to achieve them.
If no one else will say it, then I'll say it as many times as you need to hear it. Thank you for living.
If no one ever took any risks, we'd never learn anything.
If no one has a better proposal, let's get to work.
If no one has told you they love you today, I love you.
If no one says anything it means everything is fine.
If nobody gives us a ride, we'll have to hoof it.
If nobody knows what's coming next, nobody will be disappointed.
If nobody knows what’s coming next, nobody will be disappointed.
If nobody spoke unless he had something to say, the human race would very soon lose the use of speech.
If nobody taught you how you should teach to teenagers, it's because no university program can do that.
If nobody's here, just leave a message.
If not a lie, close to a boast.
If not confidently, at least hopefully.
If not for "if" and "however", I would say amen to everything.
If not for all its open rigging of elections, the U.S. Republican Party would have far less power than it does now.
If not for carbon offsetting, we'd be in danger of runaway emissions.
If not for me, do it for Tom.
If not for me, do it for her.
If not for me, do it for him.
If not for me, do it for them.
If not for music, the world would be a dull place.
If not for my advice, you would have failed.
If not for the Russian intervention, the Crimean crisis would have ended long ago.
If not for the ozone layer, we would be in imminent danger.
If not for the storm, I would have arrived earlier.
If not for yourself, then do it for me.
If not me, then who?
If not now, then when?
If not now, when do you plan to start the project?
If not now, when?
If not you, then who?
If not, he may cause you trouble.
If not, how do you explain the acceleration?
If not, you might end up in trouble.
If nothing else, we can get something else.
If nothing saves us from death, may love at least save us from life.
If nuclear war broke out, mankind would perish.
If number of speakers wasn't an issue, would you prefer Esperanto or Ido as an international language?
If old age could, if youth knew.
If olive trees knew the hands that planted them, their oil would become tears.
If on that forbidding moor a difficult and dangerous quest should lie before us, this was at least a comrade for whom one might venture to take a risk with the certainty that he would bravely share it.
If one can say that a tiger is a big cat, one can also say that a cat is a small tiger.
If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all.
If one chooses to masticate with one's mouth open at this restaurant, please be aware that this is a serious offense which may result in the revocation of one's premium members' card, requests to leave the premises, and/or feelings of disgust from patrons and staff.
If one considers that he has being learning the language for only two years, his English is not that bad.
If one could only teach the English how to talk, and the Irish how to listen, society here would be quite civilized.
If one day I find myself discouraged, and the world around me feels cold and sad, I will be radiant when I think of you, just as I see you now.
If one day you leave, I will be very sad.
If one day you realised that you are good for nothing, what will you do?
If one does not have a hobby, his life may be desolate.
If one doesn’t want to see, one sees nothing, even if one has eyes.
If one dream dies, dream another dream. If you get knocked down, get back up and go again.
If one hand washes the other, they both become clean.
If one has forgiven an injustice, one must delete it from the memory.
If one has money, everything is for sale.
If one has the right to live, then one should also have the right to die. If not, then living is not a right, but an obligation.
If one in one hundred rounds does not hit the target, it's not first-class shooting.
If one in one hundred rounds does not hit the target, it’s not first-class shooting.
If one indeed has courage, one could flourish like a lotus bloom, even from a sewer.
If one is suffering from sleep deprivation, one's attention can slip.
If one is to save up the chicken feed every day, it will amount to a very substantial sum in a year.
If one is true, then the other must be false.
If one man's ox gore another man's ox, and he die: they shall sell the live ox, and shall divide the price, and the carcass of that which died they shall part between them.
If one occasionally does not forget about work that is not desirable.
If one occasionally does not forget about work that is undesirable.
If one of the First Men could enter the world of the Last Men, he would find many things familiar and much that would seem strangely distorted and perverse. But nearly everything that is most distinctive of the last human species would escape him. Unless he were to be told that behind all the obvious and imposing features of civilization, behind all the social organization and personal intercourse of a great community, lay a whole other world of spiritual culture, round about him, yet beyond his ken, he would no more suspect its existence than a cat in London suspects the existence of finance or literature.
If one of the turbines is broken, there's a backup one.
If one of us does that, then we'll all have to do it.
If one of your party members dies, cast a spell of resurrection on them.
If one of your party members has low HP, don't heal them. Instead, let them die and then resurrect them.
If one of your party members has low health, don't heal them. Instead, let them die and then resurrect them.
If one parasite defeats another parasite, none is better than the other. Both are disgusting in the eyes of the great Goddess.
If one pays attention to one mistake, one most often overlooks the others.
If one person gets infected on the cruise ship, it's curtains.
If one person's qualities are really good, say this means they have one hundred points, but of those hundred they only give you thirty or forty, or even ten or twenty. Inversely, another person maybe only has seventy or eighty points, but they treat you with their heart and soul, then which person should you choose?
If one person’s qualities are really good, and they have one hundred points, but of those hundred they only give you thirty or forty, or even ten or twenty and then inversely, another person maybe only has seventy or eighty points but they treat you with their heart and soul, then which person should you choose?
If one plants an oak, it is futile to hope to soon be able to take cover under its leaves.
If one plays good music, people don't listen and if one plays bad music people don't talk.
If one sheep has jumped the fence, another will follow.
If one should propose to all men a choice, bidding them select the best customs from all the customs that there are, each race of men, after examining them all, would select those of his own people; thus all think that their own customs are by far the best.
If one side of a conflict is terrorizing children's hospitals, that's the bad side.
If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do all the rest have to drown too?
If one wants to grow, one must not avoid hardships.
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is nature's way.
If one were to gaze deeply into Tom's eyes, one could see inside his pupils a tiny reflection of a stoat.
If one were to use the pronoun "one" it would go a long way towards relieving the inconvenience of not having a gender-neutral pronoun in English.
If only English were as regular as Esperanto.
If only God would give me some clear sign, such as making a generous deposit in my name at a Swiss bank.
If only I already spoke German fluently!
If only I brought something to eat along the way.
If only I can go to the concert!
If only I could already speak German fluently!
If only I could be like her.
If only I could be like him.
If only I could be there with Tom.
If only I could be through with my homework today!
If only I could buy a motorcycle!
If only I could call her right now to tell her how much I love her.
If only I could do more.
If only I could drive a car.
If only I could fix it.
If only I could fly!
If only I could go skiing.
If only I could help you.
If only I could sing well.
If only I could skate as well as you do.
If only I could speak English as fluently as she does!
If only I could speak English as fluently as you!
If only I could speak English as fluently as you.
If only I could speak English!
If only I could speak French.
If only I could speak German as well as you speak Spanish!
If only I could!
If only I get a chance to see him.
If only I had a good reason not to go.
If only I had a map, I could show you the way.
If only I had a million dollars I'd be the happiest person in the world!
If only I had a pretty dress like that!
If only I had an "anywhere door" ...Doraemoooon!
If only I had asked for your advice.
If only I had been with you.
If only I had followed the doctor's advice!
If only I had gone!
If only I had gotten here sooner, I could have helped Tom.
If only I had gotten here sooner, I could've helped Tom.
If only I had just a little more money, I'd have bought it.
If only I had just put in a little more effort.
If only I had known it!
If only I had known that, I wouldn't have come.
If only I had known the answer yesterday!
If only I had known this before taking this test!
If only I had known this earlier.
If only I had known!
If only I had known.
If only I had left home five minutes earlier.
If only I had listened to my parents!
If only I had listened to your advice.
If only I had married another man.
If only I had met more people in the past, today I'd be a different person. But, due to my introverted nature, I can now rely on very few friends.
If only I had more money.
If only I had more time.
If only I had not left.
If only I had picked up the phone.
If only I had stayed at home.
If only I had studied harder for the exam.
If only I had taken your advice.
If only I had wings!
If only I had your problems!
If only I hadn't been in such a hurry!
If only I hadn't made such a fool of myself.
If only I knew his address.
If only I knew how to do that!
If only I knew how to do that.
If only I knew the answer now!
If only I knew what those things are all about.
If only I knew where the bathroom was...
If only I knew where to go, I'd go.
If only I knew!
If only I knew, I would tell you all that I knew.
If only I left home 5 minutes earlier...
If only I read the user manual properly.
If only I remembered where I had left it.
If only I was able to speak English too.
If only I was past this already.
If only I was younger.
If only I were a doctor.
If only I were able to sing well!
If only I were as handsome as he is.
If only I were fluent in all languages.
If only I were rich!
If only I were rich, I would buy a villa on the seashore.
If only I were such a beautiful and talented person.
If only I were younger.
If only I weren't so tired all the time!
If only I weren't so tired all the time.
If only I'd been a couple of years older, they would have let me into the bar.
If only I'd been a couple of years older, they would've let me into the bar.
If only I'd been a little more careful!
If only I'd been a little taller!
If only I'd been with you.
If only I'd done my homework!
If only I'd gone shopping yesterday. It'll be bedlam in the shops today because of the long weekend coming up.
If only I'd hadn't stayed so long!
If only I'd known that, I wouldn't have come.
If only I'd known then what I know now.
If only I'd known this before!
If only I'd known.
If only I'd left home five minutes earlier, I would've gotten to the train station in time.
If only I'd left home five minutes earlier.
If only I'd listened to what Tom said, I wouldn't be in this kind of trouble.
If only I'd married her.
If only I'd noticed that earlier!
If only I'd noticed that earlier.
If only I'd read the small print.
If only I'd sold that property before the economic bubble burst I wouldn't have lost all that money.
If only I'd sold that property during the economic bubble, I wouldn't have suffered such a big loss.
If only I'd stayed at home!
If only I'd stayed at home.
If only I'd written it down, I wouldn't have forgotten it.
If only I’d listened to what Tom said, I wouldn’t be in this kind of trouble.
If only I’d sold that property before the economic bubble burst I wouldn’t have lost all that money.
If only I’d sold that property during the economic bubble, I wouldn’t have suffered such a big loss.
If only Tom could see you now.
If only Tom stayed where he is now.
If only Tom would come, we could talk it over.
If only Tom would keep his big mouth shut!
If only Ziri could be talked out of it.
If only a lot of rain would fall, and you wouldn't go to the store, and would stay with me longer.
If only deleting people were as easy as deleting a sentence.
If only eggs had a lower cholesterol content, I'd eat them every day!
If only everyone were the way I should be.
If only for awhile...
If only half of it were true.
If only he arrives in time!
If only he comes early, we will go out with him.
If only he could see himself as everyone else sees him.
If only he could see you now.
If only he had attended the lecture.
If only he had been there.
If only he had come.
If only he had gone with you.
If only he had known!
If only he had some water with which to slake his thirst!
If only he had stayed a little longer.
If only he was more practical. He always has his head in the clouds.
If only he were here to help us.
If only he would marry me!
If only he would marry me.
If only he'd knock at my door!
If only her husband helped her, most of her problems at home would disappear.
If only her husband would help her, most of her problems would disappear.
If only if I had thought of that!
If only it could be summer soon.
If only it could rain gold!
If only it had worked, we’d be done.
If only it was that simple.
If only it were really like that!
If only it were really so!
If only it were that easy.
If only it were that one!
If only it were that simple.
If only it were true.
If only it would stop raining!
If only my mother were still alive.
If only my thoughts were set into type and would come out of my mouth like a receipt.
If only my thoughts were to come out of my mouth like a receipt being printed.
If only my uncles were millionaires!
If only people could see how he truly perceives what he sings about!
If only people stopped hating each other.
If only people understood his true vision of what he sings about!
If only raccoons could build and operate their own crossbows, movie scripts would have a whole new angle.
If only she could see you now.
If only she had been home when I called yesterday!
If only she had been home when I called yesterday.
If only she had known I was in Tokyo, she would have come to visit me.
If only she had known!
If only she were here, she would tell me what to do.
If only she were to help, the job would be finished sooner.
If only she were younger.
If only she would marry me.
If only she'd wear summer clothes.
If only she’d wear summer clothes.
If only that lamp weren't shining in my eye.
If only that were true!
If only that were true.
If only the audience knew how he really views what he sings!
If only the blind could see.
If only the doctor had come a little sooner.
If only the physician wouldn’t eat his food in one gulp like that.
If only the rain would stop!
If only the rain would stop.
If only the term "if only" didn't exist.
If only the two of us would meet!
If only there was more time.
If only there was something that would give me a hint.
If only there were evil people somewhere insidiously committing evil deeds, and it were necessary only to separate them from the rest of us and destroy them. But the line dividing good and evil cuts through the heart of every human being. And who is willing to destroy a piece of his own heart?
If only there were more than 24 hours in a day!
If only there were no tests.
If only there were no wars in the world.
If only there weren't men in this world.
If only they could talk to one another.
If only they had listened earlier.
If only they had listened.
If only they had understood.
If only they hadn't done that, I might have been able to get somewhere.
If only they hadn’t done that, I might have been able to get somewhere.
If only they sent another courtier.
If only things had been different.
If only this were true.
If only time could pass a little faster.
If only we could find a company to sponsor our race.
If only we could go back and start over.
If only we didn't have to take a test in English.
If only we didn’t have to take a test in English.
If only we had a child!
If only we had a daughter!
If only we had a garden!
If only we had a son!
If only we had had some way of knowing what this would be like before we chose to do it.
If only we had listened to Tom.
If only we had money, we could do that.
If only we'd stop trying to be happy we could have a pretty good time.
If only we’d stop trying to be happy we could have a pretty good time.
If only you could be a bit quieter!
If only you could have stayed a little bit longer.
If only you could see me now.
If only you could understand me.
If only you could've stayed a little bit longer.
If only you had helped me yesterday, the problem would have been avoided.
If only you had helped me yesterday, the problem would've been avoided.
If only you had known him! Then things would have turned out differently, and it would be better for him now.
If only you had stayed with us, you wouldn't have gotten into trouble.
If only you had told me the whole story at that time!
If only you had warned me, I would have interrupted my work.
If only you knew how close I am to despair.
If only you knew how much I do to keep this roof over our heads.
If only you knew how much I want you to make love to me, Cyril.
If only you knew that.
If only you were a dog!
If only you were here, I could consult you about it.
If only you were here.
If only you work sincerely, you will be trusted.
If only you would be straightforward.
If only you'd be a bit quieter.
If only you'd be straightforward.
If only you'd been a bit quieter, you wouldn't have woken the baby up.
If only you'd kept your gob shut, Tom!
If only you'd kept your mouth shut, Tom!
If only you'd kept your mouth shut, Tom.
If only you'd listened to me!
If only you'd phoned me!
If only you'd rung me!
If only you'd said that earlier!
If only you'd said that earlier.
If only you'd thought of that before shooting your big mouth off.
If only you'd told me that yesterday!
If only your admirers knew what you're like in reality!
If only your admirers knew what you're really like!
If only!
If only.
If only I'd known sooner, I could've done something about that.
If opportunity comes at an inopportune time, is it still opportunity?
If order is the pleasure of reason, disorder is the delight of imagination.
If other conditions are equal, the temperature must be the most influential element in this experiment.
If our Moon broke apart, the pieces would form a ring around our planet.
If our advice had been acted upon, you would not have got into trouble.
If our contemporary culture were a continuation of Ancient Egyptian culture, there would be penile emojis in Unicode. This world as it is is influenced by Abrahamic culture.
If our democracy is to work in this increasingly diverse nation, then each one of us need to try to heed the advice of a great character in American fiction — Atticus Finch — who said: "You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view…until you climb into his skin and walk around in it."
If our eyes were sensitive to magnetospheric emissions, Jupiter would look more than twice the diameter of the full moon in the sky.
If our generation happens to be too weak to establish Socialism over the earth, we will hand the spotless banner down to our children. The struggle which is in the offing transcends by far the importance of individuals, factions and parties. It is the struggle for the future of all mankind.
If our grandfather saw this, he'd be rolling in his grave.
If our hearts stopped working, we would die.
If our hominin ancestors could have written their stories down, history would be much longer than it is.
If our integrity is threatened, we are even prepared to engage in biological warfare.
If our last batter had not finally hit a home run, our team would have lost the game.
If our last batter had not hit a home run, team would have lost the game.
If our last batter had not hit a home run, team would've lost the game.
If our lives of faults were free, think how dull they all would be.
If our neighbors around the world are in need, let's lend a helping hand.
If our neighbors around the world are in need, let’s lend a helping hand.
If our prices are too high, people will spend their money elsewhere.
If our quote is inconvenient for you, please let us know.
If our school had a swim team, I'd join it.
If our sun is a dwarf star, imagine how big the others must be.
If parents are fools, children will become thieves.
If passed, the reform treaty would offer a number of changes in the way the European Union functions. That includes lengthening the term of the president of the European Council, representing member governments, from six months to two years.
If peace cannot be maintained with honor, it is no longer peace.
If penguins ever learn to fly, we'll be in serious trouble.
If people are sick, they will feel scared and anxious. They feel that they can see the ghost.
If people could choose their language, everyone would have their own.
If people do not get to keep the wealth they produce, it must be redistributed to them.
If people get scared enough, anything could happen.
If people had known ten years ago what your real plan was, things wouldn't have gotten to this point.
If people have friendly relationships, I hope the world will be a better place.
If people hear Ziri speak Berber, they would laugh at him.
If people never fell in love or got their hearts broken when love fails, what would lyricists write their songs about?
If people really landed on the moon half a century ago, why haven't they done it again?
If people really landed on the moon half a century ago, why haven’t they done it again?
If people want to do it on their own, that's fine.
If people want to use German, they'll need to learn the language.
If people weren't such jerks, maybe we'd all be better off.
If people who smoke are deprived of their cigarettes, they get nervous and irritable.
If pessimists did not exist, optimists would also not exist.
If planes are dangerous, cars are much more so.
If planes are dangerous, then cars are even more so.
If plants and stones are in the water then this will happen: the plants float and the rocks sink.
If plants don’t get enough water, they can overheat.
If pleasure is fleeting, so is the effort.
If ploughing were a matter of gazing, anyone could thresh wheat.
If plowing could be done with nothing but a look, anyone would do it.
If poets are immortal, how come they're all dead?
If police ask you for your papers, and you're not insured, you'll be fined.
If politicians had already solved the problems on Earth they generated, we wouldn't need them anymore. That's why the problems will never be solved.
If possible, I would like an explanation.
If possible, I would like to go home now.
If possible, I'd like to do this tomorrow instead of today.
If possible, I'd like to go by plane.
If possible, I'd like to go home now.
If possible, I'd like to know the name of the author.
If possible, I'd like to meet you tonight.
If possible, I'd like to read more about the issue.
If possible, I'd like to read more about this subject.
If possible, I'd like to receive an answer.
If possible, I'd like to receive new information about the case.
If possible, I'd like to receive new information about this case.
If possible, I'd like to see Tom.
If possible, I'd like to see him.
If possible, I'd like to travel around the world.
If possible, I'd like you to come tomorrow instead of today.
If possible, I'll come tomorrow.
If possible, I’d like to go home now.
If possible, I’d like to travel around the world.
If possible, one should live twice.
If possible, this weekend.
If possible, we travel by train.
If pro is the opposite of con is the opposite of progress Congress?
If problems come up, call me.
If procrastination didn't exist, it would have to be invented.
If public money goes into something, the rewards shouldn't solely be reaped by the private entities involved.
If purchase does not confer ownership, then piracy isn't theft.
If push comes to shove, I can move in with my parents.
If quantum mechanics hasn't profoundly shocked you, you haven't understood it yet.
If questions bother you, don't become a teacher.
If rabbits can't lay eggs, why are they the symbol for Easter?
If rain fails there will be neither charity nor penance.
If rain fails, farmers will stop ploughing.
If rain fails, neither yearly festivals nor daily worship will be offered in this world to the celestials.
If rain was enough to get phone-lines crossed then Japan would be in a right mess, wouldn't it?
If rain was enough to get phone-lines crossed then Japan would be in a right mess, wouldn’t it?
If red peppers are not available, use cherry tomatoes for color.
If regret killed, I would be dead.
If reincarnation exists I want to come back with Tina Turner's legs and Nina Simone's voice.
If reincarnation exists I want to come back with Tina Turner’s legs and Nina Simone’s voice.
If rejected a second time, the voice clip is moved to the Clip Graveyard.
If religion were synonymous with morality, Brazil would be the most uncorrupted country in the world.
If religion were the key to morality, then mega-churches, mega-mosques and mega-temples would look more like charities and less like million dollar businesses.
If robots do everything, what then will humans do?
If scarcity were overcome, most of the crimes and even the prisons of today's society would no longer be necessary.
If school wasn't obligatory, I would stop going there.
If school wasn’t obligatory, I would stop going there.
If science makes progress, we'll be able to solve such problems.
If science makes progress, we’ll be able to solve such problems.
If scientists can find a way to spread these bacteria in the wild, they could help end malaria’s deadly reign in the tropics.
If sending someone threatening messages isn't terrorism then I don't know what terrorism would be.
If sentences on Tatoeba are to suit their purpose, they should be correct.
If sex was private and nobody cared about it, no one would care when two people who had gay sex wanted to adopt a child.
If sex were a martial art, I would have a black belt.
If shady merchants, professional soldiers, gendarmes, judges and executioners learn and use Esperanto, that doesn't mean our ideal will soon be realized.
If she annoys you, I'm going to ask her to leave.
If she asked you to jump off a bridge, would you do it?
If she asks for money, don't give it to her!
If she cares about social justice, why does she consort with the alt-right?
If she comes, I'll go too.
If she comes, I’ll go too.
If she continues to live with a man she doesn't love for his money, the day will come when she will be utterly frustrated and between the devil and the deep blue sea.
If she continues to live with a man she doesn't love for his money, the day will come when she will despair and be in dire straits.
If she continues to live with a man she doesn’t love for his money, the day will come when she will be utterly frustrated and between the devil and the deep blue sea.
If she could she would but we won't let her.
If she cries, she'll smear her eyeliner.
If she did not kill him, then who did?
If she didn't act like that, we could have done a better job.
If she didn't see you then there’s nothing to worry about.
If she displease the eyes of her master to whom she was delivered, he shall let her go: but he shall have no power to sell her to a foreign nation, if he despise her.
If she doesn't come, we won't go.
If she doesn't like something, she doesn't mince her words.
If she doesn't love you, what's the problem? You can love yourself.
If she doesn't mind, I can pick up her daughter from school today.
If she doesn't share that device with her brother, I'll hide it from her and she won't see it again for three months.
If she doesn't want to listen to that, that's up to her.
If she eats that, she'll die.
If she eats too much fat in one sitting, she can experience diarrhea.
If she expects them to give her five days off work with pay, she's going to be disappointed.
If she expects them to give her five days off work with pay, she’s going to be disappointed.
If she finds out that that uniform was one I bought to get my former girlfriend to be a pretend 'high school girl' ...
If she finds out that that uniform was one I bought to get my former girlfriend to be a pretend ’high school girl’ ...
If she finds out, I'm screwed!
If she found out about us, she would be destroyed by it.
If she gets some antibiotics and sleeps, she'll get better.
If she gets some antibiotics and sleeps, she’ll get better.
If she goes to the theater, I'll stay at home.
If she had been a little more patient, she could have succeeded.
If she had enough money, she would not be in trouble.
If she had enough money, she would not have any problems.
If she had enough money, she wouldn't be in trouble.
If she had enough money, she wouldn't have any problems.
If she had had any inhibitions, they were gone by the third shot of ouzo.
If she had listened to her heart instead of reason, she might have lived a freer, if not happier life.
If she had married you, she would be happy now.
If she had married you, she'd be happy right now.
If she had not advised her son, he would not have succeeded.
If she had not studied English here, she could not have passed the examination.
If she had spoken that day, their story might have taken another turn.
If she had told me the truth, I wouldn't be angry.
If she had told me the truth, I wouldn’t be angry.
If she had trusted you, she wouldn't have done so.
If she had trusted you, she wouldn’t have done so.
If she hadn't liked him, she already would've told you.
If she hadn't made waves about it, she never would have got her money back.
If she hadn't screamed, Tom wouldn't have seen the truck.
If she hadn’t been guided by that deep desire, she would never have dared to cross the barriers imposed by fear.
If she hadn’t made waves about it, she never would have got her money back.
If she has time, she will come.
If she hasn't missed the train!
If she hasn’t missed the train!
If she heard this story, she will get angry.
If she invited you in, then get ready!
If she invites me, I'll go to the party.
If she is tired, let her go to sleep.
If she is tired, she should go to bed.
If she knew I were here, she would come running.
If she knew her phone number, she could call her.
If she knew her telephone number, she could phone her.
If she knew her telephone number, she could ring her.
If she knew his phone number, she could call him.
If she knew his telephone number, she could phone him.
If she knew his telephone number, she could ring him.
If she knew his telephone number, she would be able to phone him.
If she knew his telephone number, she'd be able to ring him.
If she knew that I was here, she would come right away.
If she knew your address, she would write to you.
If she knew, she wouldn't have gone.
If she knows I'm here, she'll come quickly.
If she knows it's me who sent her the present, she's not going to accept it.
If she only knew how beautiful the Kabyle language is!
If she should come late, give her this message.
If she should come to Japan, Jane would be very happy.
If she stays too long in one place she begins to get itchy feet.
If she studied a bit harder, she would get better grades.
If she studied hard, she could pass the exam.
If she studied hard, she could pass the test.
If she trusted you, she wouldn't have done this.
If she turns right, she'll come to the museum.
If she visits France again, she will have been there three times.
If she walks in, I'm booking it.
If she wanted it that way, then get ready!
If she wants a war, she's got a war.
If she was displeased, she never showed it.
If she was flustered, it did not show in her voice.
If she was here, I could feel better.
If she was still alive, she would be able to help me.
If she wasn't at the office yesterday, she was probably at home.
If she were happy, she would play much better.
If she were here now, I could tell her the truth.
If she were here now, I would tell her the truth.
If she were still alive, Billie Holiday would be 100 today.
If she'd just come!
If she'd known that her mother would shunt her off to one babysitter after another, maybe she would have insisted on staying with her Nana.
If she'd known the results, she'd have been shocked.
If she'd only have told the truth about it I wouldn't mind so much.
If she'd set off now, she would make it on time.
If she'd taken her doctor's advice, she might not have died.
If she's going to the theatre, I'll stay at home.
If she's not careful she'll tear a ligament doing that.
If she's serious, why does she consort with fascists?
If she’d set off now, she would make it on time.
If she’s not careful she’ll tear a ligament doing that.
If sins made us suffer when we sinned, we'd all be saints.
If sitcoms float your boat, then you should watch this one.
If six saws saw six cypresses, six hundred and six saws will saw six hundred and six cypresses.
If six saws saw six cypresses, six hundred saws will saw six hundred cypresses.
If slapped on one cheek, turn the other cheek.
If small mistakes are not corrected at once, they may lead to serious problems.
If so believed, it is God; if not, it is a stone.
If so then I want you to do something for me. That will make us even.
If so, blame yourself.
If so, blame yourselves.
If so, it shouldn't be any problem at all, should it?
If so, it shouldn’t be any problem at all, should it?
If so, then there's no problem at all, is there?
If so, then there’s no problem at all, is there?
If so, then what do we do?
If so, what can we do about it? Do you want to make a proposal?
If so, what did they read?
If so, what should we do?
If so, where is Fadil now?
If so, you would be off the hook.
If social media is any indication, we, like Narcissus of ancient myth, are surely self-obsessed creatures.
If solar storms and strandings were indeed connected, the scientists thought they might detect patterns in Earth’s geomagnetic activity in the time surrounding a stranding event.
If somebody describes "postmodernism" as an ideology, they should never be taken seriously about anything.
If somebody dies, they need to be buried.
If somebody had broken in, the alarm should've gone off.
If somebody had broken in, the alarm would've gone off.
If somebody isn't trustworthy, nobody will offer them an employment contract.
If somebody rebukes him for anything, he easily takes offence.
If somebody victimizes LGBT people, their own LGBT status does not justify their actions.
If somebody wants to bad-mouth you, you should just let them say whatever they want. It's a waste of time to get bothered by it.
If someone can't remember his past, he's doomed to experience it anew.
If someone can't understand your Berber, something is wrong with your pronunciation.
If someone comes looking for me, would you please tell them that I'm not in?
If someone comes looking for me, would you please tell them that I’m not in?
If someone comes, hide!
If someone comes, hide.
If someone could tell me why this happened, I'd appreciate it.
If someone could translate this sentence, that would be great.
If someone could whisk me to another century in time, I'd leap at the chance.
If someone criticize you, it's because you have something that he will never have.
If someone criticize you, it’s because you have something that he will never have.
If someone criticizes you, it's because you have something which he will never have.
If someone describes "postmodernism" as an ideology, they should never be taken seriously about anything.
If someone did something kind to you, the way I did for you, you have to be kind back. But not only that, you have to do something kind, in the same way, to someone else. That would be enough for me to be fulfilled.
If someone dies, they should be buried.
If someone doesn't hijack something, it's not a good movie.
If someone doesn't pass these exams, they drop to the level immediately below.
If someone doesn't trust you enough to tell you everything, they're not your friend.
If someone else could do it, so will I, and if no one else could, then I'll be the first to do it.
If someone gave you a sword, what would you do with it?
If someone gave you enough money to live in luxury for the rest of your life, would you still work?
If someone gave you ten million dollars, what would you do with it?
If someone gets slapped with a dictionary, is it physical or verbal assault?
If someone gets your goat, they make you angry.
If someone had broken in, the alarm should've gone off.
If someone had broken in, the alarm would've gone off.
If someone has said empathy is a weakness, what does that tell you they're doing when they try to make you feel sorry for them?
If someone has sharpened blades in their hand, no matter the length, or their training, they always are a threat.
If someone hears something a lot, they will know it.
If someone in the class has a birthday, the teacher always draws a flag on the blackboard.
If someone invited you to a white tie event, would you know what to wear?
If someone irritates you, it is best not to react immediately.
If someone is already good in and of themselves, however, and treats you sincerely and from the heart, and truly loves you, then you really can entrust your life to them.
If someone is being pushy, call for help!
If someone is called a furry when their persona is an animal, and a scalie when it's a dragon, what are they called when it's an alien?
If someone is gossiping about someone with you, they'll gossip about you with another person.
If someone is indispensable to a company, then that company is not well-organized.
If someone is not envied, they don't have enviable qualities.
If someone is sulking, does it mean he's angry?
If someone is thick-skinned they are not easily hurt emotionally. You can criticize them or be unkind to them and it simply rolls off their back.
If someone knocks on the door in the next half hour, can you take care of it?
If someone knows, please gimme a tip.
If someone needs more information, I'll be happy to answer.
If someone paid you to kill Tom, would you?
If someone says "Get lost!" to you, what will you do?
If someone says they've bought a house as an investment then as a rule, they paid too much for it.
If someone talks about the "glitz and glamour" of a party, the guests clothes were probably pretty flashy.
If someone tells the truth, give him a horse. He will need it to escape.
If someone tells the truth, give him a horse. He'll need it to escape.
If someone told Bismarck early on that he's a great public speaker, he would be very angry. That's so plain, he would say he is not a good public speaker, I talk with a stammer. I'm a politician, not a good public speaker.
If someone treats you poorly, consider that there's something wrong with them, not with you. Normal people don't go around destroying other people.
If someone tries to talk to you, walk away and find an adult.
If someone unfamiliar approaches you, don't respond to them.
If someone victimizes LGBT people, their own LGBT status does not justify their actions.
If someone wants the ceremony to be held in accordance with Japanese Shinto ritual, then that is possible at this church.
If someone wants to sell you their ticket, do not buy it.
If someone was looking for a good tool for learning a foreign language, I would recommend Tatoeba to them.
If someone were to ask, what is the point of this story, I really wouldn't know it.
If someone were to tell him something about those things, he would not believe it.
If someone who doesn't know your background says that you sound like a native speaker, it means they probably noticed something about your speaking that made them realize you weren't a native speaker. In other words, you don't really sound like a native speaker.
If someone who doesn’t know your background says that you sound like a native speaker, it means they probably noticed something about your speaking that made them realize you weren’t a native speaker. In other words, you don’t really sound like a native speaker.
If someone you don't know approaches you, don't talk to them.
If someone you don't know tries to talk to you, ignore them.
If someone's in trouble, you should help them.
If someone, because of his love of a forest, walks there half of every day, he is in danger of being regarded as a loafer; but if he spends his whole day as a speculator, chopping down that forest and making the earth bald before its time, he is esteemed an industrious and enterprising citizen.
If something bad happened, I didn't see it.
If something can be broken it will be broken.
If something can go wrong it will go wrong.
If something changes, let me know.
If something could change, what would you want it to be?
If something did happen to Tom, I don't know what I'd do.
If something does happen, I'll just play it by ear.
If something does happen, I’ll just play it by ear.
If something doesn't make sense, it probably isn't logical.
If something doesn't seem right, run away!
If something doesn’t make sense, it probably isn’t logical.
If something goes wrong, I will take responsibility for the consequences.
If something goes wrong, call Tom.
If something goes wrong, call me.
If something goes wrong, just blame it on the translator.
If something goes wrong, tell me.
If something goes wrong, turn it off and on again.
If something goes wrong, you should attend to it at once.
If something goes wrong, you should take care of it at once.
If something goes wrong, you'll be held responsible.
If something good happens, take a trip to celebrate. If something bad happens, take a trip to forget. If nothing happens, take a trip to make something happen.
If something had happened last night, I think I would have heard it.
If something had happened last night, I think I would've heard it.
If something happened to Tom, I'd like to know.
If something happened to you, I don't know what I'd do.
If something happens to you, call me immediately.
If something happens, I'll call you.
If something happens, call me right away.
If something happens, call me.
If something happens, don't say I didn't warn you.
If something happens, feel free to call me.
If something happens, it's Tom's fault, not mine.
If something is an apple, then it's either red or green, or possibly both.
If something is an apple, then it’s either red or green, or possibly both.
If something is fashionable, everyone wants to imitate it.
If something is fun, I like to do it, of course.
If something is given to you then take it. If you are beaten, then run away.
If something is good, then more of it must be better.
If something is morally good, it stays that way even if it is not successful.
If something is not forbidden, then is it allowed?
If something is wrong, tell me.
If something isn't done, this species will soon go extinct.
If something like that happened, Tom would surely intervene.
If something looks too good to be true, it probably is.
If something ridiculous occurs, then press down on the red button.
If something seems too good to be true, it probably is.
If something seems too good to be true, you need to be skeptical.
If something should happen to Tom, I'll hold you responsible.
If something smells fishy, make a break for it!
If something sounds too good to be true, it probably is.
If something sounds too good to be true, then it probably is.
If something spills in the oven, clean it up while it's still warm.
If something spills, clean it up right away to prevent staining.
If something sticky spills, make sure to clean it thoroughly.
If something strange happens, press the red starter-button.
If something turns up about the missing child, the police will certainly let us know.
If something was compressed, then something else expanded.
If something were wrong with my car, I'd go by bus.
If something's an android, it's also a robot.
If something's happened to Tom, I'd like to know.
If something's happened to him, I'd like to know.
If something's wrong, tell me.
If something’s an android, it’s also a robot.
If speakers regularly mean something other than what they say, how is it that people manage to understand one another?
If spring cleaning takes you the whole spring and part of the summer to complete, you've done something wrong the rest of the year.
If straight people can kiss in public, of course gay people can.
If straight people can tell kids they're married to someone of the opposite sex, of course gay people can tell kids they're married to someone of the same sex.
If students don't come, the lesson doesn't start.
If students don't know any Latin letters, they can get acquainted with these in the first lesson.
If students don't want to participate, we should provide some extrinsic motivation, like extra credit.
If students have a question about their homework they can e-mail the teacher at anytime.
If students today had more free time, they might show more interest in politics.
If such a bad weather remains, you have to wear a thick jacket.
If such a thing as meritocracy existed, it would be gone within a generation.
If supporting Palestine with Jerusalem as its capital is a crime, then I'm a criminal.
If symptoms persist, consult a doctor.
If symptoms persist, consult your doctor.
If symptoms persist, see a doctor.
If talking about copyright, I guess we need Tom!
If talking is good, kissing is great.
If tar comes before honey to the mouth, the honey serves no purpose.
If tar reaches the mouth first, honey will have no effect.
If ten lions each eat three gazelles, how many gazelles did the lions eat?
If that accident had happened in a city, it would have caused a disaster.
If that accident had happened in the city, it would've caused a disaster.
If that book were more interesting, I'd finish reading it.
If that book were more interesting, I'd read it to the end.
If that boy had not been killed in the traffic accident, he would be a college student now.
If that car wasn't black then what colour was it?
If that city were a color, it would be a color with a quiet sort of dignity ... wine red, say.
If that doesn't work either, we'll be skint.
If that doesn't work, call me.
If that doesn't work, try something else.
If that doesn't work, what should we try?
If that doesn’t work out, we can always just talk again. Until then!
If that ever happens, I'll eat my hat.
If that guitar hadn't been so expensive, I would've bought it.
If that guitar were not so expensive, I could buy it.
If that guitar weren't so expensive, I could buy it.
If that happened, Tom would cry.
If that happened, it would start a civil war.
If that happened, it wouldn't surprise me.
If that happened, it wouldn't surprise you, would it?
If that happened, what would you do?
If that happens again, I'll call you.
If that happens again, I'll leave.
If that happens again, call me.
If that happens again, let us know.
If that happens again, please let me know.
If that happens, I will rip up and burn everything I have written.
If that happens, I will tear up and burn everything I have written.
If that happens, I'll be very glad.
If that happens, I'll do it.
If that happens, I'll resign.
If that happens, call me.
If that happens, give me a call.
If that happens, give us a call.
If that happens, let me know.
If that happens, phone me.
If that happens, ring me.
If that happens, you'll be the first to be notified.
If that is not true, she is a liar.
If that is possible, I would like to see it.
If that is so, we have to try to comprehend what it is.
If that is the real aim, naturally I would not know about that.
If that is true, then he is not responsible for the accident.
If that law is passed, it'll set back women's rights thirty years.
If that law is passed, it'll set women's rights back thirty years.
If that man makes one more mistake, I'll fire him.
If that man makes one more mistake, I’ll fire him.
If that old curmudgeon had had any children, he might not have become such a curmudgeon in the first place.
If that school evaluated their teachers, they wouldn't have any left.
If that situation changes, let me know.
If that story gets leaked, I'll be in trouble.
If that suits you, that's fine, otherwise it's all there is.
If that unstoppable feeling you have for her isn't love, what else is it?
If that was really a lie, then she's a liar.
If that washing machine goes wrong again, I shall complain to the manufacturer.
If that wasn't Tom, who was it?
If that were really true, we'd all be rich.
If that were to happen, it woild be catastrophic for all of us.
If that were to happen, no one would accept to meet him.
If that were true, it would change everything.
If that were true, what would you do?
If that which he stole be found with him, alive, either ox, or ass, or sheep: he shall restore double.
If that woman is here, there's something she wants.
If that woman will love me for who I am for a lifetime, I would marry her.
If that works, I'll eat my hat.
If that's OK with you.
If that's a joke, it's not fucking funny at all.
If that's a joke, it's not funny.
If that's false, she's a liar.
If that's genocide, there needs to be a new word to describe the thing that used to be called genocide.
If that's how it is, then there's no problem, right?
If that's how matters stand, the next parliament will be uncontrollable.
If that's how you feel, I'll stay.
If that's not true about you, it's not true about me.
If that's so, all the better.
If that's the case that's absolutely fine.
If that's the case, why didn't you tell me these things?
If that's the time, we'd better go.
If that's true about me, it's true about you.
If that's true, I'm going crazy.
If that's true, it's good!
If that's true, then Tom and Mary are innocent.
If that's true, then Tom is better than me.
If that's true, then Tom is innocent.
If that's true, then she's better than me.
If that's true, why didn't you tell me sooner?
If that's what Mary said, then she was lying.
If that's what Tom and Mary said, then they were lying.
If that's what Tom said, then he was lying.
If that's what it takes, so be it.
If that's what she said, then she was lying.
If that's what we need to do, then we'll do it.
If that's what will make you happy, then I don't want to hold you back.
If that's what you really want to do, then do it.
If that's what you really want to do, then go ahead and do it.
If that's what you want to do, I'll help you do it.
If that's what you want to do, I'll help you do that.
If that's what you want to do, do it.
If that's what you want to do, then do it.
If that's what you want to know, I can explain it to you.
If that's your last word, see you in court!
If that’s false, she’s a liar.
If the 16th-century chess genius was the Spaniard Ruy López, and the main character of 17th-century chess was played by the Italian Greco, the undisputed 18th-century star in Caissa's domain was the Frenchman Philidor.
If the 5 trillion spiders in the Netherlands took to eating humans rather than insects, they’d consume all Dutch people in just three days.
If the Algerian army is so competent, why shouldn't it confront the Israeli army to liberate Palestine?
If the Algerian authorities catch them, they'll send them to their homeland.
If the Algerians succeed in overthrowing the politico-military mafia, it's to install another opportunist politico-religious mafia. Just more of the same!
If the Americans had had less influence on affairs, war might well have been avoided.
If the Americans hire you to kill children in Iraq, that would obviously make you happy, right?
If the Americans win this contest and Honduras scores a home win or draw against Panama, the United States will clinch a 2014 World Cup berth.
If the Arab world hated Israel because it was Zionist and not because it was Jewish, there would still be a large number of Jews in the Arab world. Their behavior towards even non-Zionist Jews in their countries contradicts the claim that Jews and Arabs would live in peace and harmony if not for Zionism.
If the Bacterium coli normal to the intestine escapes into the peritoneal cavity, or passes into the bladder, a severe peritonitis or cystitis, respectively, is apt to result.
If the CD player isn't working properly, let me know right away.
If the COVID-19 epidemic persists for any length of time, UNCTAD says it is likely to result in a significant downturn in the global economy.
If the COVID-19 vaccine was available, would you like to receive it?
If the Chinese ate the same way Americans do, the Earth would have been starving for a long time already.
If the Chinese can do it, Algerians can do it, too.
If the Chinese can do it, Algerians can do it.
If the Earth was any closer to the Sun, it would be too hot to support life. If the Earth was any farther away from the Sun, it would be too cold to support life.
If the Earth was flat, cats would've knocked everything off by now.
If the Earth went into an Ice Age next month, how would you prepare?
If the Earth were flat, cats would have knocked everything off it by now.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
If the Hamas is so popular, why not hold elections? Why not prove their popularity then?
If the House approves the impeachment resolution, the matter moves to the Senate for a trial where conviction is far from certain.
If the Icelandic language was a colour, I think it would be white.
If the January 6, 2020 riot at the U.S. Capitol had been a left-wing protest, everyone near the building complex who didn't work there would have been arrested that day.
If the Japanese were white people with blond hair and blue eyes, many US Senators, in a manner reminiscent of Britain's Boris Johnson's views about who should be deserving of Western empathy, would have strongly argued and campaigned against nuking them.
If the Ottoman Empire had committed genocide against the Armenians, they would not have a country now called Armenia.
If the Pygmies of Central Africa don’t survive the assortment of threats currently assailing them, says a leading anthropologist, the continent will lose an important part of its “genetic and cultural history.”
If the Qur'an is true, it confirms many things found in the Talmud. Otherwise, it was inspired by it.
If the Sun didn't exist, life on Earth wouldn't be possible.
If the Sun is a dwarf star, imagine how big the others must be!
If the Sun was to die suddenly, a further eight minutes would pass before we knew about it. Only then would Earth be thrown into darkness.
If the Sun were all of a sudden extinguished, it would be another eight minutes before we knew about it. Only then would darkness descend on Earth.
If the U.S. is a democracy, when did it become one?
If the US tries to defend Taiwan, their forces would become targets to the Chinese army.
If the United States had enough weapons and soldiers, it would exterminate all of humanity. What keeps them from doing this now, is the fact that Nuclear weapons risk making the whole planet uninhabitable for many centuries.
If the West uses lies to justify its military actions, why shouldn't Moscow use that, too?
If the accident happens, report to me.
If the address changes, please contact us.
If the agreement is formalized in writing, the tenants have even more rights.
If the agreement were enforced, it would create a situation verging on the grotesque.
If the alarm rings, walk, don't run.
If the animal studies are replicated in human tests, it may affect how and when people get vaccinations.
If the answer is correct, he may throw the dice again.
If the answer is yes, can anything be done about it?
If the apple never falls far from the tree, explain dogs and wolves.
If the applesauce is too chunky, your baby will have a hard time swallowing it.
If the army in white uniform cannot imprison the king in black uniform, nor the army in black uniform can imprison the king in white uniform, the game ends without a winner. It's a tie.
If the army in white uniform imprisons the king in black uniform, that army wins the game.
If the art of the detective began and ended in reasoning from an arm-chair, my brother would be the greatest criminal agent that ever lived.
If the baby hadn't started crying, the soldiers wouldn't have noticed us.
If the ball hits the head pin too head on you'll end up with a split.
If the ball hits you somewhere else than on the head or hands, you're out.
If the ball hits you somewhere else than on the head or hands, you’re out.
If the ball hits you, you're out.
If the bees do not work, the flowers will not bear fruit.
If the bill advances to the House, it would mark the second time a bipartisan group of senators tried to secure money for the semiconductor industry.
If the birds of prey want someone's blood, if they want to go on draining the Brazilian people, I offer my life as a holocaust.
If the biscuits hadn't been so burnt, a few people might have eaten them.
If the body is a temple, then my body is a broken hut made of cardboard, branches and empty bottles.
If the book had been more interesting, I'd have read it to the end.
If the book was more interesting, I'd read it to the end.
If the book were more interesting, I would read it to the end.
If the boss finds this out, I'm done for.
If the boss says you've got to work overtime, then there's no choice but to do so.
If the boss says you’ve got to work overtime, then there’s no choice but to do so.
If the box has holes in it, try to mend it with tape or something.
If the box remains open, the food will perish.
If the boy gets sleepy, don't leave him in front of the television. Take him to bed early and read him a story.
If the boy gets sleepy, don’t leave him in front of the television. Take him to bed early and read him a story.
If the brain is dead, we should let the patient die.
If the budget gets exceeded then we will need to kick in a couple of dollars.
If the bullet had been a millimeter to the left, he would have died.
If the burrito arrives before you do I can pop it in the oven to keep it warm.
If the bus driver had had a gun, things might've turned out differently.
If the bus is on time, we're going to miss it.
If the cab doesn't come within the hour, we're calling another one.
If the camel once gets his nose in the tent, his body will soon follow.
If the campfire dies, we're done.
If the cap fits, wear it.
If the car breaks down, I’ll have to go by shank’s mare.
If the car breaks down, we'll walk.
If the car breaks down, we’ll walk.
If the car is gone, he can't be at the office.
If the car is gone, he can’t be at the office.
If the cards turned against her, she'd lose everything.
If the cat eats her own offspring, why would she let a rat get away?
If the cat is outside, the mice dance on the table.
If the cat seems unwell, let me know immediately.
If the cedars have caught fire, what will the hyssops that grow out of the wall say?
If the ceiling fell, he would be crushed.
If the chessboard is in the right position, the square h1 to the right of White is a white square. Consequently, the square a8 to the right of Black is also a white square.
If the chieftain says we can't let you in, then we can't let you in.
If the child needs to eat, cook something healthy for him.
If the circumstances were better, I'd have a good job by now.
If the climate is harsh and severe, the people are also harsh and severe.
If the coffee is too strong, add some more water.
If the colonel finds out, he'll kill me.
If the comet nucleus is pulled into an orbit which carries it close to the Sun, the solar heat will cause the outer layers of the icy nucleus to evaporate.
If the concrete is not reinforced with high-quality steel, it will be worthless.
If the consequence is a fine, then the law is for the poor.
If the cookies weren't quite so burnt, maybe some people would have eaten them.
If the cookies weren’t quite so burnt, maybe some people would have eaten them.
If the cops' bodycams weren't on, they're lying about what happened.
If the counter is made of granite or stone, use a suitable cleaner to maintain its shine.
If the country’s first interplanetary foray is successful, India will become the first Asian country and the fourth worldwide to conduct a mission to the Red Planet.
If the court had ordered the boundaries to be redrawn, it was expected to be one of the most competitive congressional races in the nation.
If the cup fills too much, the wine overflows.
If the current trend continues, the language will probably die out in the near future.
If the cutting board is excessively scratched or damaged, it may need replacement.
If the danger is unavoidable, let it be faced.
If the day after tomorrow is Thursday, yesterday was Monday.
If the day before yesterday was Sunday, after tomorrow it will be Thursday.
If the day before yesterday was Sunday, today is Tuesday.
If the day before yesterday was Tuesday, tomorrow will be Friday.
If the day before yesterday was Wednesday, after tomorrow it will be Sunday.
If the delay is simply an oversight, will you please take care of it at once?
If the demise of the combustion engine is near, Algeria shouldn't become a dump for European used cars.
If the demolition of buildings gets out of control, the city is faced with the risk of turning into a pile of concrete.
If the demolition of buildings is uncontrolled, a fine city is in danger of becoming nothing more than a concrete jungle.
If the depth of the tyre tread is too shallow, the probability of aquaplaning increases.
If the device is not connected to the internet, the date and time settings will have to be manually input.
If the devil exists, you have to interview him.
If the devil is powerless, he sends his wife.
If the difference between order and chaos or preservation and ruin were the same as that between high mountains and deep valleys, or between white clay and black lacquer, then wisdom would have had no place: stupidity would also have been alright.
If the distance you move the pen is too small, the speed too slow, it can't recognize the gestures well and you can't operate it in the way you thought.
If the distance you move the pen is too small, the speed too slow, it can’t recognize the gestures well and you can’t operate it in the way you thought.
If the doctor had come in time, he could have saved Tom's life.
If the doctor had gotten here a little sooner, he might've been able to save Tom's life.
If the dog bit him, it's because he messed with it.
If the dogs identify someone as carrying the coronavirus odor, that person is then directed to a rapid COVID test.
If the door doesn't fit, you might have to shave off a bit of the wood until it closes properly.
If the door doesn’t fit, you might have to shave off a bit of the wood until it closes properly.
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite.
If the drain clogs up, use this.
If the drought continues, cereals will cost three times as much.
If the drought continues, the price of grain will treble.
If the dull substance of my flesh were thought injurious distance should not stop my way, for then despite of space I would be brought, from limits far remote, where thou dost stay.
If the eagle is a little rough, this doesn't mean it wants to hurt you.
If the economy is doing well and the people aren't, the economy is irrelevant.
If the elephant is gone, who sulks for the tail?
If the elevator is broken, you must go upstairs on foot.
If the entire history of planet Earth were condensed into a year, human beings wouldn't appear until 8.30 p.m. on 31st December. For Gaia – the Earth – we are just three-and-a-half hours old.
If the euro collapses, this could have huge diplomatic consequences.
If the experience and judiciousness of people over fifty were eliminated from the world, there would be little left to ensure its further existence.
If the film is on at your place, do go and see it.
If the film isn't available in any other languages, I'll just watch in Czech.
If the fire isn't doused properly with water, it will continue to smoulder all night.
If the first chapter is any indication, this book has the makings of a best seller.
If the food isn't good, I am very sorry.
If the food's cold, put it in the microwave.
If the fossil is determined to be a mosasaur egg, the new finding would be significant, as scientists previously did not believe the ancient creatures laid eggs.
If the fourth dimension is time, does that mean that pushing a spoiled apple in a certain direction in the fourth dimension will turn it into a fresh apple?
If the fruit is fermented, you shouldn't eat it.
If the gas runs out, at least I have lumber.
If the government doesn't subsidise the car industry, it will struggle badly and may even cease to exist.
If the government is not amenable to negotiation and national dialogue, chances are this could lead to a revolution.
If the government is serious about making inroads into the backlog of asylum applications, they should allocate additional funding.
If the government wants to write news, it is not news.
If the governments devalue the currency in order to betray all creditors, you politely call this procedure "inflation".
If the grain is bad, spice won't help.
If the guests don't mind, they are welcome to sleep in the basement.
If the guilty man hadn’t left any proof, he could have escaped justice.
If the hamster bites you, don't get angry, they might be scared.
If the harvest gets any worse, there could be a famine.
If the hay caught fire, it would be a real disaster.
If the head hurts, all the limbs become weak.
If the heart doesn't hurt, the eye won't get wet.
If the heartburn continues, take an antacid.
If the hem of your shirt falls below the fly of your trousers, it is too long, according to many fashion experts.
If the horrors of the abattoir so traumatize the workers, I can't begin to imagine what it's like for the animals.
If the hotel has got a spare room, then book it.
If the human chin is a spandrel, how will we play the violin?
If the hunted should perish, the hunter would, too.
If the iPhone weren't a thing, I wouldn't be able to learn Japanese.
If the idea catches on, it could put an end to traffic jams.
If the idea of needles freaks you out, you probably shouldn't be here.
If the idea of needles freaks you out, you probably shouldn’t be here.
If the idiots would compete, you would be second because you are too idiot to be the first.
If the issue persists, contact the site administrator.
If the job's so simple, let the major do it himself.
If the lady desires, 20% discount is possible.
If the lamp is hot, in order to avoid getting burned, wait around 45 minutes for it to cool down.
If the large maroon turtleneck is too big, do you have it in medium?
If the laundry is dry, bring it in.
If the law is not repealed, in toto, what recourse do citizens have?
If the life and death of Socrates are those of a wise man, the life and death of Jesus are those of a God.
If the life and death of Socrates was the life and death of a wise man, then the life and death of Jesus is the life and death of a God.
If the lights go out, light a candle.
If the lion is the king of beasts, the eagle is the king of birds.
If the list of books is too long, please leave out all foreign books.
If the loser smiled the winner will lose the thrill of victory.
If the loser smiles, the winner loses the thrill of victory.
If the machine is damaged, you are responsible.
If the majority of people all over the world act and think positively, our world will change for better.
If the man doesn't believe as we do, we say he is a crank, and that settles it. I mean, it does nowadays, because now we can't burn him.
If the man doesn’t believe as we do, we say he is a crank, and that settles it. I mean, it does nowadays, because now we can’t burn him.
If the master is not present, the slave does not work.
If the material of the following grammar appears to be organized in a somewhat unorthodox way, the reason is simply that certain chapters ordinarily represented in conventional grammars could be omitted in the present instance because their subject matter is completely covered by the Dictionary.
If the medicine is abused, people can ruin their health.
If the medicine isn't working, maybe we should up the dosage.
If the medicine isn’t working, maybe we should up the dosage.
If the metal plate terminal of the game cassette is dirty it may be difficult for the game to start when the cassette is inserted into the game console.
If the meter is a unit of measurement, is the word a unit of speech?
If the mission succeeds, China will join the U.S. and the former Soviet Union as the only countries to have collected lunar samples.
If the mission works as expected, the Solar Orbiter will be able to take the first images of the Sun's poles as well as investigate the heliosphere and solar wind.
If the moon landing was real, they ask, why didn't the lander scatter dust when it touched down? In reality, the lander was traveling horizontally much of the time and the thrusters that controlled its landing were not pointed down. Radiation from the sun also made the dust highly charged and it clung to the moon’s surface.
If the moon rises behind the green forest, it looks more like a silver sun that silvers solitude.
If the more advanced want to improve English ability (especially reading comprehension) increasing vocabulary is the way to go.
If the mountain won't come to Mohammed, then Mohammed must go to the mountain.
If the mountain won't come to Muhammad, Muhammad must go to the mountain.
If the mushroom is red he doesn’t eat it.
If the music be the food of love, play on!
If the napkin is dirty or soiled, please don't reuse it.
If the nation has respect for its origin, then its language is rich.
If the nationality ends in "an" or "i", it can be used as a noun.
If the necessary materials can't be procured, production of the goods will be delayed further.
If the necessary materials cannot be procured, production of the goods will be delayed further.
If the need arises, customised solutions can be included in the product.
If the new manager can't get a tune out of the players, the club will soon fall into the relegation zone.
If the news has leaked out to ordinary people, even just a bit, then hiding it will no longer be possible.
If the next bus is crowded, let's walk.
If the next power in charge of commanding the world is going to be China, we're screwed.
If the ninth of Av falls on the first of the month, do you fast or not?
If the noise bothers you that much, buy some earplugs.
If the number of cars increases, so will the traffic.
If the ocean gets too warm, then the plants and animals that live in it must adapt—or die.
If the only thing that mattered was winning, then we'd be depressed.
If the only thing that mattered was winning, then we’d be depressed.
If the opportunity arises, you should do that.
If the opposition were to win, it would not entail a radical departure from current policies.
If the opposition wins the election, a new government will have to be formed.
If the other doesn't react to me, i am indeed unimportant to him.
If the other party does not offer personal information, however, it is better to leave it alone.
If the other person does mention his family, then it is perfectly OK to ask about the ages of the children, and if you have children, to compare educational and cultural differences in raising children.
If the owner sees Mark's dog, he would be livid.
If the pain continues you have to go to the doctor.
If the parents of the fifteen-year-old are not at home, he can do what he likes, and so he parties with friends.
If the parents were to change their own behaviour, then their child's would surely change as well.
If the parrot seems sick or unwell, let me know immediately.
If the passenger's journey involves an ultimate destination or stop in a country other than the country of departure, the Warsaw convention and the Montreal convention may be applicable, and these conventions govern, and, in most cases, limit the liability of carriers for death or personal injury and with respect to loss of or damage to baggage.
If the patient discovers he has any of the above-mentioned side effects, or any other unwanted effects, he must consult with his attending physician.
If the patient is unconscious, the family can decide.
If the patient is unconscious, the family can make the decision.
If the people cannot use elections to drag a dictator down from power, they'll have no choice but to obey him.
If the people decide to do something else, that's OK, too.
If the people don't like it, they won't buy it.
If the people having sex at Beetlejuice: The Musical had been gay, the right would have called them pedophiles and groomers.
If the people knew by what small men they are ruled, they would soon rebel.
If the people prosper, how can the king not prosper with them? And if the people do not prosper, how may the king prosper without them?
If the person is only passing through, one or two exchanges are sufficient, and then he will say "I am going now," to which the other person is responds, "Ok." If the person wished to be evasive, he may respond with "I'm going over there," and he is not usually questioned further.
If the person isn't taken, there's a reason.
If the phone is still serviceable, I suggest you go get it serviced.
If the phone rings again, I plan to ignore it.
If the phone rings again, I will ignore it.
If the phone rings again, my intention is to ignore it.
If the phone rings, don't answer.
If the plant is completed next year, a new production manager will have to be hired.
If the player deliberately touches any of his pieces, he must move it, provided he can make a valid move with it. If he deliberately touches an opponent's piece, it must be captured, if capture is legally possible. This rule applies to all formal chess competitions. Players who intend to fail to observe this rule, in friendly matches, must agree on this in advance.
If the player has more than one possibility of capturing, he must execute the move that captures the greatest number of pieces.
If the player whose turn it is to play touches a piece, he must move it, unless no valid movement of that piece is possible.
If the plug becomes dirty, wipe it off with a dry cloth before connecting.
If the plug gets dirty, wipe it off with a dry cloth before insertion.
If the poet has employed a life in battling with pernicious prejudices, in setting aside narrow views, in enlightening the minds, purifying the tastes, ennobling the feelings and thoughts of his countrymen, what better could he have done?
If the police had arrived five minutes earlier, all the outlaws would have been caught red-handed.
If the police hadn't intervened, they would probably have killed Tom.
If the police stop you, and you don't pay attention to them, you'll get a big fine.
If the police stop you, and you ignore them, you'll get a hefty fine.
If the poor don't have their bread, the rich won't have their peace.
If the post of the President of Bangladesh becomes vacant, who performs the duties of the President?
If the potatoes are sliced like that, it will be twice as long before they're ready.
If the powerful can convince people they're victims of "cancel culture," they can distract people from what they're doing with their power.
If the press catches wind of this, it’ll be a disaster.
If the price is reasonable, I want to buy the car.
If the price is right, I'll buy it.
If the price were right, I'd buy it.
If the price were right, I'd buy three of these.
If the problem lies within you, then no one else can help.
If the provided plug does not fit into your outlet, consult an electrician for replacement of the obsolete outlet.
If the quality of your product meets with our customer's approval, we will place regular orders.
If the quality of your product meets with our customer’s approval, we will place regular orders.
If the questions are in Berber, answer in Berber.
If the rabbit escapes, let us know right away so we can find them.
If the rabbit seems unwell, let us know immediately.
If the rain fails, even the grass will fail to raise its head.
If the rain stops, I may go out.
If the raven could be fed in silence, it would have more food and much fewer quarrels and envy.
If the real purpose of all the uproar about sweatshop labor in the Third World is to allow college students and professors to feel morally one-up on businesses that are providing much-needed jobs in poor countries, then it accomplishes that purpose.
If the reason to buy is its cheapness, I won't buy it.
If the rental period is extended beyond the agreed period, a prorated rent shall be calculated.
If the rest of us can survive, I'm sure that you can, too.
If the rest of us can survive, so can you.
If the rest of us can survive, you can, too.
If the results are correct, the universe should need ten billion years to form planets. The Earth is 4½ billion years old now, and the universe is 15 billion. Thus, we should belong to the first generation of planets, and above all, the first intelligent life!
If the rice is not fully cooked, you can cover the pot and let it simmer on low heat for a few more minutes until it's done.
If the right moment comes, then act swiftly and boldly!
If the road is muddy or slippery, wait for the proper conditions.
If the ruling class could profit from people who are okay with themselves, they would have a lot more money.
If the saddle is too heavy, the mule won't move.
If the sale of organs is legalised, potential health problems may arise.
If the sale price is good, Tom said he might buy two pairs of shoes.
If the screen is too big, it is tiring to look at.
If the screw is oily or greasy, it will work loose.
If the sentence has a good rhythm, it's alright.
If the sentence is in the database, we'll obtain at once the translated version.
If the sentence is in the database, we’ll obtain at once the translated version.
If the shepherd hadn’t been there, the flock would have gotten lost in the misty valleys.
If the shoe fits, it's ugly.
If the shoe fits, wear it.
If the shoe fits...
If the shoe fits....
If the shoes don't fit you, you can always return them.
If the shop is closed today, I'll try again tomorrow.
If the shop is closed today, I’ll try again tomorrow.
If the signal isn't strong, the image will not be clear.
If the situation doesn't improve, I'll be obliged to take measures.
If the sky falls we shall catch larks.
If the sky fell to the earth, bird catching would be easy.
If the sky fell, many larks would be caught.
If the sky were to fall to the earth, birdcatching would be a simple task.
If the smaller groups in the interstitial territory would unite their efforts, with the proper strategy and some punctual hits they were able to undermine the advancement of the more centralized sovereign powers.
If the smell persists, consult a healthcare professional.
If the smoke is bothering you, move to the other side of the fire.
If the snow doesn't let up, we will never make it home in time to see the game on TV.
If the soup can sit for a while, it'll taste better.
If the source is not specified, a quote is not a quote but plagiarism.
If the spaghetti sticks when you throw it against the wall, it's done.
If the spectators made fun of the other team, then it would weaken their morale.
If the sprinkles on your child's cupcake are attracted to magnets, they are iron filings and should not be consumed.
If the sprinkles on your child’s cupcake are attracted to magnets, they are iron filings and should not be consumed.
If the statement is incontrovertible, why are we arguing about it?
If the statement is true, then we will have to accept the conclusion.
If the statistics are less fuzzy than the fuzzy data they summarize, they are not fuzz-free.
If the strawberry harvest is good this year, I'll make a few jars of jam and send them to you.
If the streets in my town on Lulu Island were lined with colourful totem poles, it would be a more spiritual place.
If the student had known his lesson better, the teacher would not have punished him.
If the student has already learned the Esperanto alphabet, they won't have any problems with writing or pronunciation.
If the students are bored, they will find ways to entertain themselves.
If the study of foreign languages is pursued in depth, so as to improve the mind, then it requires an immense amount of time. If it is superficial, it adds nothing to intellectual development.
If the sun be risen upon him, there shall be blood shed for him; for he should make full restitution; if he have nothing, then he shall be sold for his theft.
If the sun went out, all life would die.
If the sun were as big as a soccer ball, the Earth would correspond to the head of a pin, and Jupiter would be as big as a marble.
If the sun were to go out, all living things would die.
If the sun were to rise in the west, I would never agree to your plan.
If the sun were to rise in the west, I would never give up the plan.
If the sun were to rise in the west, I would not break my word.
If the sun were to rise in the west, I wouldn't change my mind.
If the sun were to rise in the west, I wouldn’t change my mind.
If the sun were to stop shining, all living things would die.
If the symptoms get worse, you'll have to consult a medical professional.
If the tail were smarter, it would wag the dog.
If the talent is there, one can become a musician.
If the teacher finds out, I'll be in so much trouble.
If the teacher hates you, he will make your life really miserable.
If the teacher is to plan out a vacation or something similar requiring one to compare prices and figure out what it would cost, it is the pupils' skills he would exploit. Sometimes, the wife may be wishing for a new fruit bowl, or perhaps the husband is looking for a new letter opener. Many have sons that require a short bedside story or daughters with dolls that must be clad in clothing of utmost fashionability; all this, the teacher makes the pupils make for him.
If the telephone rings, can you answer it?
If the text doesn't make sense, it isn't coherent.
If the thief be not known, the master of the house shall be brought to the gods, and shall swear that he did not lay his hand upon his neighbour's goods.
If the throat is very inflamed, an antiseptic gargle should be used.
If the thunder isn't roaring, the peasant won't cross himself.
If the times go against you, then go with the times.
If the tip was a dime in one glass, the waitress, in her haste to get the table ready for the next customer, would pick up the glass, the water would spill out, and that would be the end of it.
If the torque is too high, the shaft might break. That's why we are using a shear splint as a torque limiter.
If the tradesmen hadn't done such a shoddy job, there wouldn't have been any water damage.
If the tradesmen's workmanship hadn't been so shoddy, there wouldn't have been any water damage.
If the traffic light is red, you should stop.
If the train that comes in is overcrowded, I wait for the next one, unless I'm late.
If the translation is correct, then I am Pippi Longstocking!
If the trash bag is leaking or torn, replace it to avoid a mess.
If the tree is bad, the fruits are bad.
If the trees on that hill are cut down, you'll see erosion pretty quickly.
If the trials prove the vaccine is safe and effective, it could be ready for broad distribution by year’s end.
If the truck hits a bump, you'd fall off.
If the truth is bitter, people do not want to hear it.
If the truth is horrible, the lie is murderous.
If the truth shall kill them, let them die.
If the universe is a computer simulation, where are the unicorns?
If the universe is a cosmic egg, then who laid it?
If the universe is a cosmic egg, who laid it?
If the universe is an answer, what is the question?
If the universe is expanding, what is it expanding into?
If the universe is full of stars, why doesn't the light from all of them add up to make the whole sky bright all the time?
If the universe is full of stars, why doesn't their light continually light up the entire sky?
If the university doesn't have enough students, the administration will cancel the class.
If the university doesn’t have enough students, the administration will cancel the class.
If the van is rocking, it needs new shocks.
If the variable size was previously defined and the previous definition was the correct size, there is no need, nor if the correct length can be judged by the register name.
If the vase is not found, John may be accused of stealing it.
If the virus continues to circulate in bats, that makes eliminating the disease "very challenging, if not impossible." Andrus said.
If the virus does slow down for the summer, it may come back in the fall.
If the water stops flowing, it's most likely from a kink in the hose.
If the weather clears up, we'll go for a walk in the forest.
If the weather clears up, we’ll go for a walk in the forest.
If the weather cooperates, we will go to the beach Sunday.
If the weather had been nice yesterday, we would have gone to the zoo.
If the weather had been nice yesterday, we would've gone to the zoo.
If the weather hadn't been bad, I would have started my journey.
If the weather hadn’t been bad, I would have started my journey.
If the weather holds, we should be able to get this done by the end of the day.
If the weather is bad, we won't go out for a walk.
If the weather is beautiful, if it is ugly, it is my habit to go at 5 in the evening to walk at Palais-Royal.
If the weather is fine today, I would like to go for a walk with my children.
If the weather is fine tomorrow, we'll go out to the forest.
If the weather is fine, I'll go swimming in the river.
If the weather is fine, I’ll go swimming in the river.
If the weather is fine, we will go for a trip to the countryside tomorrow.
If the weather is good on Thursday, we will go to the park.
If the weather is good tomorrow, let's go on a hike.
If the weather is good tomorrow, let's have a picnic.
If the weather is good tomorrow, let's have picnic.
If the weather is good tomorrow, let’s go on a hike.
If the weather is good tomorrow, we will go on a trip.
If the weather is good, I'll go out tomorrow.
If the weather is good, I'll go to the park.
If the weather is good, I'll go.
If the weather is good, I'll leave tomorrow.
If the weather is good, I’ll go out tomorrow.
If the weather is good, I’ll go to the park.
If the weather is good, let's do that.
If the weather is good, let's walk to school tomorrow.
If the weather is good, we'll get there tomorrow.
If the weather is good, why don't we go hiking?
If the weather is nice tomorrow, we will have a picnic.
If the weather is nice tomorrow, we'll go for a picnic.
If the weather is nice tomorrow, we'll have a picnic.
If the weather is nice, I'll go out tomorrow.
If the weather is nice, I'll go swimming.
If the weather is nice, we’ll take a walk in the park.
If the weather is not to your liking, wait for quarter of an hour.
If the weather is sunny, cycling sounds like a fun idea—even if we end up going shopping.
If the weather permits, they will go and pick mushrooms in the woods.
If the weather should be wet, the garden party will not be held.
If the weather's bad, please don't do that.
If the weather's bad, we stay inside.
If the weather's fine, let's do that.
If the weather's good tomorrow, I'll go for a walk.
If the weather's good tomorrow, let's go to the river to swim.
If the weather's good tomorrow, let's have a picnic.
If the weather's good, I'll go.
If the weather's good, let's go canoeing.
If the weather's good, we'll go for a walk in the park.
If the weather's good, we'll go hiking tomorrow.
If the weather's nice tomorrow, let's go to the beach.
If the weather's nice tomorrow, we'll go to the beach.
If the weather's nice, I'll go to the seaside tomorrow.
If the weather's nice, let's have a picnic.
If the whisky's too strong, mix it with water.
If the whole world was the same as me, the world would look so sad and depressing.
If the wind dies down, we'll go.
If the wind happened to catch her long silvery veil and any one saw it, they only thought it was a swan flapping its wings.
If the wolf came, it would eat us.
If the wolf came, it'd eat us.
If the wolf had made the girl quake with terror, it seemed like a lamb beside this dreadful lion.
If the word "when" didn't exist, my dad would be a millionaire.
If the word is not dead when it reaches the hearer, he murders it at once by a contradiction, a stipulation, a condition, a digression, an interruption, and all the thousand tricks of conversation.
If the work is to be completed before June, more people will have to make more effort.
If the world finds out about Ziri, Rima would go to prison.
If the world is saved, it will only be on account of children.
If the world was going to end tomorrow, what would you do?
If the world were perfect, it wouldn't be.
If the world weren't in the shape it is now, I could trust anyone.
If the world weren’t in the shape it is now, I could trust anyone.
If the young does not learn it, the old does not know it.
If there are 1000 steps between us, you only need to take one step, and I will take the other 999 to you.
If there are a lot of possessive pronouns in the Russian text, you can be almost sure that it's a bad translation from the English.
If there are any cancellations, just call.
If there are any changes, we'll announce them immediately.
If there are any doctors here who can help us, please let Tom know.
If there are any new developments, let me know.
If there are any problems, please let me know.
If there are difficulties give me a call!
If there are fish on Neptune, they are certainly gaseous.
If there are genuine differences between these two cultures, I think that the largest are certainly in what you think about foreigners studying your native language.
If there are going to be states, they should serve all their citizens, not primarily members of a single ethnic group.
If there are houses nearby, a volcano can create a disaster.
If there are mistakes, correct them.
If there are no dogs in heaven, then when I die I want to go where they went.
If there are no milkshakes involved, I’m not interested.
If there are no standards, our civilization will collapse.
If there are no taxis, we'll have to walk.
If there are no taxis, we’ll have to walk.
If there are no ticket buying facilities at your station, please find a staff member as soon as possible to buy a ticket, or to seek advice on the nearest opportunity to purchase one.
If there are no tissues, use the inside of your elbow.
If there are no trees in a garden, is it still a garden?
If there are only two people in a locker room, they will have adjacent lockers.
If there are past exam questions then I think it would be best to give them a quick look over.
If there are people who like baseball, then there are people who like soccer, as well.
If there are problems, call me.
If there are spills near appliances, unplug them before cleaning.
If there are the smallest signs of life on Mars, it could prove the theory of Panspermia.
If there are too many irons in the fire in too short a time, good strategy cannot result.
If there are two in a room and three go out, one must go in, so that none is in the room.
If there are visitors here from Boston, would you please stand up and tell us your name?
If there aren't many signs, drivers get confused.
If there be fear, it would cause failure.
If there be fifty just men in the city, shall they perish withal? and wilt thou not spare that place for the sake of the fifty just, if they be therein?
If there be nothing, but that which is has been before, how are our brains beguiled, which, laboring for invention, bear amiss the second burden of a former child!
If there even are people more beautiful than you, there won't be many of them.
If there even are people more beautiful than you, there won’t be many of them.
If there existed a market for sentences, our grammatical speculations would suddenly make sense.
If there had been a problem, Tom would have called.
If there had been a problem, Tom would have said something.
If there had been a problem, Tom would've called.
If there had been a problem, Tom would've said something.
If there had been a problem, we'd have heard about it.
If there hadn't been a split in the party just before elections, we'd have won.
If there is a God, I would really and truly know who He is.
If there is a big earthquake, the alarm will sound.
If there is a fire, don't use the elevator.
If there is a god, that god created gay and straight people, both of whom reflect that god's image in different ways.
If there is a hell, Rome must be built on it.
If there is a lot of traffic in the streets, we say in English that the traffic is heavy.
If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong.
If there is a problem then what is it?
If there is a problem, please let me know.
If there is a right to life then there must be a right to death as well, otherwise the right to life wouldn't be a right but a duty.
If there is a shoal or a stone under water again, it should indicate them on the map.
If there is a suitable occasion, I'll introduce you to Tom.
If there is a suitable occasion, I'll introduce you to him.
If there is a suitable occasion, I’ll introduce you to him.
If there is a way to treat my sensitivity to cold, then please tell me.
If there is already an account, there is a system by which you are able to send and receive email.
If there is an earthquake, stand on the threshold of your room.
If there is an infinite amount of prime numbers, then all fractions can be shown as a repeating decimal.
If there is any change in the timetable, please let me know.
If there is any left, give me some.
If there is any one secret of success, it lies in the ability to get the other person’s point of view and see things from that person’s angle as well as from your own.
If there is anyone here who disagrees with me, speak up now.
If there is anyone out there who still doubts that America is a place where all things are possible, who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time, who still questions the power of our democracy, tonight is your answer. It's the answer told by lines that stretched around schools and churches in numbers this nation has never seen, by people who waited three hours and four hours, many for the first time in their lives, because they believed that this time must be different, that their voices could be that difference. It's the answer spoken by young and old, rich and poor, Democrat and Republican, black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, disabled and not disabled. Americans who sent a message to the world that we have never been just a collection of individuals or a collection of red states and blue states. We are, and always will be, the United States of America.
If there is anyone out there who still doubts that America is a place where all things are possible; who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time; who still questions the power of our democracy, tonight is your answer.
If there is anyone out there who still doubts that the United States is a place where all things are possible; who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time; who still questions the power of our democracy, tonight is your answer.
If there is anything I can do to help your area, please tell me.
If there is anything else then please let me know.
If there is anything you don't understand, please ask. I'll try to answer using the best of my knowledge.
If there is anything you want, don't hesitate to ask me.
If there is anything you want, don’t hesitate to ask me.
If there is ever another war, we will all die.
If there is intelligent life outside the Earth, they certainly play Go.
If there is life beyond Earth, it is probably totally unlike us.
If there is light, there is hope.
If there is no God, everything is permitted.
If there is no color in your own world, you should explore other worlds.
If there is no justice in Palestine, there won't be peace.
If there is no milk I will bring.
If there is no objection, we will close the meeting now.
If there is no other issue, everything is going very well.
If there is no porn of it, porn will be made of it.
If there is no rain, there is no water. This may make a civilized society into an uncivilized one.
If there is no sun, the moon will suffice.
If there is no water, there is no ravine.
If there is no water, there won't be life.
If there is nothing near them that needs doing, they are sure to go and find something.
If there is one thing history has taught us, it's that we often incorrectly predict the future.
If there is somebody to back me up, the business will be successful.
If there is someone here guarding their secret, then that's you.
If there is someone near Maria who supports and encourages her, she can accomplish a lot, but if there is no one, she never reaches her goals.
If there is something I can't stand on this world, it's a lie.
If there is something you don't understand, then ask.
If there is such a thing as an unforgivable act, it is the act of not forgiving.
If there is time, should we go to my room for a bit?
If there isn't, then there isn't.
If there seems to be more to something than meets the eye, there probably is.
If there was a computer that didn't tire out my eyes, I'd definitely want to buy it.
If there was a god who wanted to damn same-sex lovers to hell, I wouldn't worship it.
If there was a list of the seven wonders of nature, would flowers make it?
If there was a paradise on Earth, it would be Kabylie.
If there was a problem, Tom would have said something.
If there was a problem, Tom would've said something.
If there was a verb called "to nache", "Nache!" would be the imperative form.
If there was height-altering surgery, I'd have signed up for it a long time ago.
If there was just 1,000 yen more, he would have taken 10,000 yen in total.
If there was less sympathy in the world, there would be less trouble in the world.
If there was no air, man could not live for even ten minutes.
If there was no air, people could not live for even ten minutes.
If there was no death, no-one would value life. We might not even have a name for it.
If there was no sun, all the animals would be dead.
If there was no sun, we would not be able to live.
If there was no understanding, what's friendship for?
If there was nothing wrong in the world there wouldn't be anything for us to do.
If there were a problem, Tom would say something.
If there were an accident, we would have to report it.
If there were beings on other planets, what would they look like?
If there were copies of mini-me everywhere, the world would be such a cold-blooded place.
If there were fruit juices, iced mineral water and hot teas to choose from, I would be even happier.
If there were no Covid, I would travel around the world!
If there were no air, man could not live even ten minutes.
If there were no air, people could not live for even ten minutes.
If there were no books, life would be boring.
If there were no books, life would no doubt be very dull.
If there were no clouds, we could not enjoy the sun.
If there were no pessimists, neither would there be any optimists.
If there were no such thing as display in the world, my private opinion is, and I hope you agree with me, that we might get on a great deal better than we do, and might be infinitely more agreeable company than we are.
If there were no sun, we wouldn't be able to live.
If there were no telephones, it would be inconvenient.
If there were no water, humans couldn't live.
If there weren't so many taxis, there would be fewer traffic accidents.
If there weren’t so many taxis, there would be fewer traffic accidents.
If there would be World War III, would there be much troop deployment as in World War II? Or, would it be very quick, like a thundering rain of ballistic missiles crossing over the oceans? Are there secret weapons that would kill millions instantly?
If there's a God, why is there so much evil in the world?
If there's a List 907, are there 906 other lists?
If there's a better solution, then I'll notify you about it as soon as possible.
If there's a big earthquake, the house could really collapse!
If there's a cabal orchestrating everything in this world, it's no wonder they're embarrassed to own up to it.
If there's a cheap kanji dictionary in Japan, I will buy it.
If there's a deficit, we'll make it up.
If there's a dowry, even a goat will serve as a bride.
If there's a fire, don't use the elevator.
If there's a good way to sound out whether a woman has a boyfriend or not please tell me.
If there's a large gathering, provide a designated bin for used napkins.
If there's a place you gotta be right now, it is certainly here!
If there's a problem, please let me know.
If there's a shortage, we'll supplement it.
If there's a silver lining to this pandemic, it's that I was finally able to take some post-graduate courses since they're remote classes.
If there's a surplus, we'll give it to those in need.
If there's a typhoon tomorrow, does that mean I don't have to go to work?
If there's a typhoon tomorrow, does that mean I don't need to go to work?
If there's a way out of here, we'll find it.
If there's a way to do that, we'll figure it out.
If there's a way to tell whether or not a girl has a boyfriend, please tell me.
If there's a world-wide all-out nuclear war it's said that there will be a "nuclear winter" all over the planet for several months.
If there's an earthquake, the stores will be looted.
If there's an emergency, call me.
If there's an emergency, you must run out of the house through this exit.
If there's another war, we'll all die.
If there's any problem, you can reach me on my cellphone.
If there's any trouble, I'll kick you out!
If there's any way I can help, just let me know.
If there's any way I can help, let me know.
If there's anybody here who disagrees with me, speak up now.
If there's anyone here who disagrees with me, speak up now.
If there's anyone who understands me, it's you.
If there's anything America doesn't have enough of, it's guns.
If there's anything I can do for you, don't hesitate to let me know.
If there's anything I can do for you, let me know.
If there's anything I can do for you, please let me know.
If there's anything I can do for you, tell me.
If there's anything I can do to help, just let me know.
If there's anything I can do to help, let me know.
If there's anything I can do to help, please just ask.
If there's anything I can do to help, please let me know.
If there's anything I can do, just let me know.
If there's anything I can do, let me know.
If there's anything I need, I'll ask.
If there's anything at all I can do for you, just let me know.
If there's anything at all that you don't understand, you can ask me anytime.
If there's anything else I can assist you with, please don't hesitate to let me know.
If there's anything else you need, just let me know.
If there's anything else you need, just text me.
If there's anything else you need, let me know.
If there's anything else, we'll call you.
If there's anything special you want to do while you're here, let me know.
If there's anything specific you need, please don't hesitate to ask.
If there's anything that I've learned over the years, it's that I am nobody's savior.
If there's anything urgent, you can get in touch with me.
If there's anything we Algerians abhor, it's double standards.
If there's anything we Algerians hate, it's cowardice.
If there's anything we Algerians really hate, it's hypocrisy.
If there's anything we can do to help, please don't hesitate to let us know.
If there's anything we can do, just call.
If there's anything you don't understand, then go ask about it.
If there's anything you need, just ask.
If there's anything you need, just let me know.
If there's anything you need, let me know.
If there's anything you want to do, you should do it if it makes you happy.
If there's anything you want to do, you should do it if you can.
If there's anything you want to do, you should do it.
If there's anything you want, let me know.
If there's ever anything I can do for you, just let me know.
If there's ever anything you don't understand, please don't hesitate to ask me.
If there's excess, we'll give it as charity.
If there's just one random fact that I'm personally deeply convinced of, it's that we as Capricorns we are simply the greatest of all time.
If there's more to this than meets the eye, I hope you'll tell me.
If there's news, I'll call you.
If there's no God, explain this.
If there's no agreement on principles, it's senseless to forge plans together.
If there's no bread for the poor, there'll be no peace for the rich.
If there's no bread, just eat the cake.
If there's no enemies, there's no incentives, and the neocons needed enemies to do what they did.
If there's no life after death, then you'd better make this life count.
If there's no lightning, there'll be no thunder either.
If there's no love, I don't want to stay.
If there's no rain now, a drought will start.
If there's no reason for me to know this, why am I being taught it?
If there's no reward, what's the impetus to return their dog?
If there's no solution, it's because there's no problem.
If there's no solution, then there's no problem.
If there's no water, there's no whisky.
If there's no wind, the sails cannot fill.
If there's not enough light, the panel doesn't work.
If there's not some kind of miracle, it'll just continue like this.
If there's nothing else for me to do, I'm going home.
If there's one Jedi left, it's not you.
If there's one language I have confidence in, it's not French.
If there's one language I'm confident in, it's not French.
If there's one message to cut through to everyone in this country, it's this: The vaccines are safe.
If there's only one lie at the funeral, you know they were a great person.
If there's some way to enjoy studying, could you teach me how?
If there's something I can do to help, just let me know.
If there's something I can do, I want to help.
If there's something I ought to know, I'd like to hear it.
If there's something bothering you, we can talk about it.
If there's something bothering you, you need to tell me.
If there's something else you want to say, just say it.
If there's something in a comment I've written that's hard to understand or that you'd like to ask about, feel free to contact me.
If there's something more terrifying in the world than eternity, then it's probably the current progress of my diploma thesis.
If there's something that you don't understand, just ask.
If there's something that you don't understand, please don't hesitate to contact us at any time.
If there's something that you don't understand, please don't hesitate to contact us.
If there's something that you don't understand, please feel free to contact us at any time.
If there's something that you don't understand, please feel free to contact us.
If there's something you don't like about another person, it's very likely you have it too.
If there's something you don't understand, ask.
If there's something you don't understand, let me know.
If there's time this week, shall we try once?
If there's time, I intend to do that.
If there's too much, we'll donate it.
If therefore thou wilt send him with us, we will set out together, and will buy necessaries for thee. But if thou wilt not, we will not go: for the man, as we have often said, declared unto us, saying: You shall not see my face without your youngest brother.
If therefore you will hear my voice, and keep my covenant, you shall be my peculiar possession above all people: for all the earth is mine.
If there’s a big earthquake, the house could really collapse!
If there’s a good way to sound out whether a woman has a boyfriend or not please tell me.
If there’s a world-wide all-out nuclear war it’s said that there will be a "nuclear winter" all over the planet for several months.
If there’s another time, don’t use your hands on me.
If there’s anything I can do for you, don’t hesitate to let me know.
If there’s anything I can do for you, please let me know.
If there’s anything else you need, just let me know.
If there’s anything urgent, you can get in touch with me.
If there’s anything we can do to help, please don’t hesitate to let us know.
If there’s no life after death, then you’d better make this life count.
If there’s no solution, it’s because there’s no problem.
If there’s no solution, then there’s no problem.
If there’s no water, there’s no whisky.
If these books were stolen, then don't give them to me.
If these days are not convenient for you, please let us know.
If these drugs are stopped abruptly, then some withdrawal symptoms may occur.
If these muscles are weak, they cannot hold the kneecap in the correct position.
If these officials are already familiar with our disaster relief efforts, it will be easier for us to get their approval to enter the disaster area when a disaster occurs.
If these problems are not solved, they could lead to a serious political crisis.
If these scandalmongers only knew that she loved me and that I reciprocated her affection, they surely would not seek to propagate this shameful report concerning us.
If these tendencies continue, those aged 65 or more will account for a quarter of the population within 30 years.
If they admit me to the university, I think I will major in economics.
If they are allergic to nuts, then a fortiori they are allergic to almonds.
If they are as enthusiastic as shy, I don't find it difficult to believe that they are the most enthusiastic people in the world.
If they are as enthusiastic as shy, I don’t find it difficult to believe that they are the most enthusiastic people in the world.
If they are not free, please let me know how much the catalogue and the postage to Japan are.
If they ask for our help, we will help them.
If they ask me to do that, I'll refuse.
If they ask, don't answer.
If they asked, we could help.
If they can get both a forged card and its PIN then all the cash in the bank account will be withdrawn.
If they care so much about their workers' mental health, why are they being laid off left and right in a time like this?
If they catch you alive, they'll torture you to death.
If they choose to leave, you may leave.
If they close down this clinic, we will all lose our jobs.
If they come much closer, they'll be within spitting distance.
If they could eat every night in a restaurant, they would. They hate cooking.
If they could eat in a restaurant every night, they would. They hate cooking.
If they did that, they'd create a lot of jobs.
If they discover our secret, it will be the whole shooting match.
If they do not agree they will without scruple act contrary to that decision.
If they do not wish to step out of their comfort zone, we should not force them to.
If they do that, they'll be sued so fast it'll make their head spin.
If they do what I say, I will be very generous. If not... Well, let's just say I deal harshly with insubordination.
If they don't deliver the car to me in ten days, they'll give me double the amount of the deposit I left.
If they don't give me a raise, I will stop working.
If they don't have a car, they'll come by taxi.
If they don't have bread, let them eat cake.
If they don't kill you, they will exile you.
If they don't launch a search party right now, Fadil may not be found alive.
If they don't like it, let them leave.
If they don't mind, they are welcome to eat the leftovers in the fridge.
If they don't pay more, I'm leaving.
If they don't understand it the easy way, they'll understand it the hard way.
If they don't want this, then what do they want?
If they don't win this next match, they're out of the playoffs.
If they don't work, they don't get paid.
If they don’t have a car, they’ll come by taxi.
If they don’t have bread, let them eat cake.
If they drive God from the earth, we shall shelter Him underground.
If they eat that, they'll die.
If they find me, they'll hurt me.
If they find me, they'll kill me.
If they find out that I'm Muslim, nobody would talk to me.
If they find out where Ziri is, they'll imprison him again.
If they find us here, we're dead.
If they find us, we're dead.
If they give her three or four months to find a job and get back on her feet, maybe they won’t have to foreclose on her house.
If they go, I will, too.
If they go, I'll go, too.
If they got caught, they'd have to do five years.
If they had a conscience, they wouldn't behave like this.
If they had driven a bit slower, nothing would've happened.
If they had more books, I'd have bought them.
If they had never invented the time machine, we wouldn't be stuck in a loop of paradoxes now.
If they had offered you the job, would you have accepted it?
If they hadn't found the vase, John would have been accused of stealing it.
If they hadn't noticed, there wouldn't have been any problems.
If they hadn’t found the vase, John would have been accused of stealing it.
If they have it, you will have it too.
If they hope to make us yield by hitting us, they're wrong. Shame on the timid who are afraid! But more shame on the cowards who profit from our misery.
If they knew astronomy, they would know that this world is a mere speck of sand on a vast beach. Not everything is important!
If they lied about that, we've got a much bigger problem.
If they make a deal, we're saved.
If they make it back into the intestines, the female worms can lay up to 200,000 eggs a day which are deposited back into the soil after defecation — starting the cycle anew.
If they need me, I'll be here.
If they oppose to it, you too shall oppose.
If they really cared about the peace, they would negotiate.
If they really were my friends, they wouldn't have said that.
If they received any kind of remuneration, they could no longer call themselves volunteers.
If they refuse our offer, we'll have to play hardball.
If they return to the intestines, the female worms can produce up to 200,000 eggs a day. The eggs are deposited into the soil when a person defecates. This restarts the cycle of infection.
If they saw me there with Tom, I would have a serious problem.
If they see us talking to each other, we could get in a lot of trouble.
If they started at two, they should arrive at six.
If they want to participate they should tell him, not me.
If they want, you shall want too.
If they were Canadians, this problem wouldn't exist.
If they will not believe thee, saith he, nor hear the voice of the former sign, they will believe the word of the latter sign.
If they wish to destroy their lungs...
If they won't listen to reason, we'll have to resort to force.
If they won't listen to you, make them listen, because you're worth it.
If they'd known what was about to happen, they would have changed their plans.
If they'd known what was about to happen, they would've changed their plans.
If they'd left a little earlier, they would have avoided the traffic jam.
If they'd left a little earlier, they would've avoided the traffic jam.
If they'd taken their doctors' advice, they might not have died.
If they'd told us there's water, we wouldn't have believed it.
If they're going to be fried, those mushrooms should be cut into small pieces.
If they're looking for us, I'm sure they'll find us.
If they're really your friends, they'll help you.
If they're roses, they'll bloom.
If they're there, you'll be there too.
If they're too many for you, sleep on it!
If they're too much for you, let them go!
If they're wrong, they'll soon find out.
If things continue like this, our culture will disappear.
If things get out of hand, you should call me at the number I gave you yesterday.
If things get worse, call me.
If things had been different, I might've married Tom.
If things turned out the way they did between us, Simon, it was just meant to turn out that way.
If things were bad at the beginning, it got even worse.
If this affair is discovered, Sami is going to have a tremendous problem.
If this airplane were to be hijacked, what in the world would you do?
If this be treason, make the most of it.
If this bed could talk, what would it say?
If this city collapses, the current humanitarian crisis can turn into a complete catastrophe.
If this damn parrot doesn't stop screaming now I'll break its neck.
If this describes you at middle age, Willcox says you have an 80-percent chance of living to age 80, and a good chance of doing so healthfully.
If this didn't need to be done, we wouldn't be doing it.
If this does not obtain, we cannot say that the function is monotone increasing.
If this doesn't work, we can try something else.
If this dude isn't found guilty, all my hope for humanity is gone.
If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures.
If this ever happens again, I'll probably get fired.
If this exam goes wrong for me, I don't know what to do.
If this fever doesn't go away, the best we can do is call a doctor.
If this goes on, Ziri will soon ask Rima out on a date.
If this goes on, the bleeding will increase.
If this guy says the f-word every other word, don't watch his video.
If this happens again, call me.
If this happens again, let me know.
If this happens again, you will be expelled.
If this happens, I'd die of sadness.
If this ideology is racist, colonialist, and unjust, then I think that's what it must be called. You have to call a spade a spade.
If this is a dream, I will kill the man who wakes me up.
If this is a dream, please don't pinch me because this is a good one.
If this is a dream, then I don't want to wake up.
If this is a fight, I'm losing.
If this is a test, I don't think I'm going to pass.
If this is all over the place, or a little off, I've apparently been like that lately and I'm now back on the antipsychotics.
If this is coffee, bring me tea; but if this is tea, bring me coffee.
If this is coffee, please bring me some tea; but if this is tea, please bring me some coffee.
If this is madness, there is method in it.
If this is not a sentence, it should be deleted.
If this is not satisfied, we cannot say that the function is monotone increasing.
If this is not selfishness, I don't know what it is.
If this is not the article you are looking for, go to the Agadir page so that you see all the articles that have a similar name.
If this is the best of all possible worlds, what are the others like?
If this is the case, its victims are usually young calves, or injured or sick animals.
If this is the information age, what are we so well-informed about?
If this is the way you were told, it is probably correct.
If this is what they're telling us, it must be so much worse.
If this is your best, I'd hate to see your worst.
If this is your knife, then I have lost mine.
If this is your knife, then I've lost mine.
If this isn't rape, I don't know what is.
If this keeps up we'll end up last.
If this keeps up, we'll all die.
If this kind of music floats your boat, let me recommend a few other musicians you may want to listen to.
If this meat isn't halal, I can't eat it.
If this organization is left as it is, it will soon go bankrupt; its recovery is as difficult as swapping horses while crossing a stream.
If this painting was worth half as much as he says, we should have sold it ages ago.
If this painting were worth half as much as he says, we should have sold it long ago.
If this part is affirmative, why is this other part a question?
If this person were your friend, he wouldn't do this.
If this plan doesn't work, we'll have to try something else.
If this post gets a hundred likes, then I'll shave my head.
If this problem weren't serious, Tom wouldn't be here.
If this proposal is put into practice, the business world will be affected to a significant degree.
If this rain changes to snow, maybe we can go skiing tomorrow.
If this sentence has a figurative meaning, I would not be aware of it.
If this sentence is true, then Germany borders China.
If this shirt fits me, it should fit you, too.
If this story doesn't interest you, go on to Chapter 2.
If this team continues to play this badly, it will be demoted again.
If this text had been in Latin, it is probable that they would have already translated it.
If this train is delayed, we shall miss our connection at Kobe.
If this train is late, I won't make the transfer in Kobe.
If this train is late, I won’t make the transfer in Kobe.
If this was really our language, we would have used "v".
If this were done, it would create many jobs.
If this were played upon a stage now, I could condemn it as an improbable fiction.
If this youth from Albion does not appear soon, I shall set sail without him, prince though he be, and leave him to try his hand at swimming to the Cassiterides.
If those biscuits are going begging, I'll have them.
If those biscuits are going begging, I’ll have them.
If those books are stolen, don't give me them!
If those little brats of sisters are good enough I'll make a gift of them to you!
If those little brats of sisters are good enough I’ll make a gift of them to you!
If those meddlesome kids hadn't turned me in, I'd have gotten away with my nefarious scheme.
If those men knew who I was, they'd stop laughing.
If those people don't accept you as you are, they aren't worth the trouble.
If those people don't accept you as you are, they're not worth the trouble.
If thou afflict my daughters, and if thou bring in other wives over them: none is witness of our speech but God, who is present and beholdeth.
If thou beest Stephano, speak to me.
If thou buy a Hebrew servant, six years shall he serve thee; in the seventh he shall go out free for nothing.
If thou do well, shalt thou not receive? but if ill, shall not sin forthwith be present at the door? but the lust thereof shall be under thee, and thou shalt have dominion over it.
If thou doest well, shall it not be lifted up? and if thou doest not well, sin coucheth at the door; and unto thee is its desire, but thou mayest rule over it.
If thou dost this, thou shalt fulfil the commandment of God, and shalt be able to bear his precepts: and all this people shall return to their places with peace.
If three workers dig two channels in four days, in how many days will six workers dig four channels?
If three workers dig two ditches in four days, how many days will it take six workers to dig four ditches?
If throughout your life you abstain from murder, theft, fornication, perjury, blasphemy, and disrespect toward your parents, your church, and your king, you are conventionally held to deserve moral admiration even if you have never done a single kind or generous or useful action.
If time is money, then an ATM is a time machine.
If time is not real, then the dividing line between this world and eternity, between suffering and bliss, between good and evil, is also an illusion.
If time is the most precious of all things, then wasting time is the most extravagant waste of all.
If time permits, I'll come.
If time permits, I'll visit the museum.
If time permits, I’ll visit the museum.
If time truly is cyclical, then you have read this sentence an infinite number of times already.
If time were reversed, raindrops would collect themselves from the ground and fly up to the clouds.
If today is Tuesday, then tomorrow is Wednesday.
If today was Sunday, I would go fishing.
If today was Sunday, I'd go fishing.
If today was your last day on Earth, what would you like to eat?
If today was your last day on this earth, what would you want to eat?
If tomorrow is Monday, then today is Sunday.
If tomorrow were Monday, today would be Sunday.
If trees could talk, what would they tell us?
If trends continue, the language is likely to become extinct in the near future.
If triangles had a god, he would have three sides.
If triangles made a god, they would give him three sides.
If truth be told, I was glad she was coming.
If truth be told, I was glad.
If truth be told, I wasn’t ready.
If truth be told, I'm so terribly sick of getting up early in the morning, that hereon after, I will not be buying new batteries for the alarm clock.
If two even numbers are added together, or subtracted from each other, their sum or difference will be an even number.
If two men always have the same opinion, one of them is unnecessary.
If two past lovers can remain friends, it's either because they are still in love, or they never were.
If two past lovers can remain friends, it’s either because they are still in love, or they never were.
If two people are in agreement, one of them is unnecessary.
If two people have the same opinion, one of them is redundant.
If vermouth is not available, substitute with rum.
If voting changed anything, they'd abolish it.
If voting changed anything, they'd make it illegal.
If walls could talk, what stories would they tell us?
If war is an industry, how is peace possible in a capitalist world?
If we abandon the November 1 Declaration, we will get chaos.
If we accept the definition that a word is a string of letters surrounded by a gap, then 'xnopyt' is a valid word despite being meaningless.
If we all pull together we should be able to get the country out of the mess it's in.
If we all pull together we should be able to get the country out of the mess it’s in.
If we allow Mary to wear spaghetti straps to the dance, it will set a precedent for the rest of her teenage years.
If we allow them to censor our freedom of expression, we deserve what happens to us.
If we alter the construction of such sentences, the missing antecedent is often restored.
If we always get to the bottom of things, at one point we stay there.
If we are not tired?
If we are talking about tennis you can leave that to me!
If we are to be there at six, we will have to start now.
If we are to judge the future of ocean study by its past, we can surely look forward to many exciting discoveries.
If we are to live on this planet in ways that sustain our needs, we must better understand the world's ocean, and accord it the protection it deserves.
If we are told not to come, we want to go all the more.
If we aren't careful, someone will get hurt.
If we aren't careful, someone's going to get hurt.
If we aren't given mittens, we won't work!
If we assume the viewpoint claimed as his own by Lenin and we fear the influence of intellectuals in the proletarian movement, we can conceive of no greater danger to the Russian party than Lenin's plan of organization.
If we ban Chinese students from thinking, what exactly do we expect from them?
If we begin early, then we can be done with lunch.
If we begin early, we can finish by lunch.
If we both hadn't broken our legs at the same time, we wouldn't have gotten to spend this time together.
If we built the house of happiness, the largest room would be the waiting room.
If we burn fuels such as coal, oil and gas, they give off various gases.
If we buy this, we won't have any money left.
If we can contain the opponent's best player, we have a shot at winning.
If we can determine what conditions promote strandings and develop an alert system that recognizes when those factors are coming together, then stranding networks in different areas can prepare for the event and get rescue efforts on the ground sooner.
If we can do that, you can, too.
If we can help, we'll help any way we can.
If we can just make it through one more month, we'll be sitting pretty.
If we can just make it through one more month, we’ll be sitting pretty.
If we can speak about the reality and about Tom's underpants, why wouldn't we speak about Tom's underpants?
If we can't come up with a lofty-enough title for you, we make you a "coordinator" of this or that so it looks spiffy on a business card.
If we can't find a solution, we have a problem.
If we can't get fresh fruit, we'll have to do without.
If we can't get the money in any other way, we can, as a last resort, sell the car.
If we can't offer any help, a kind and gentle word is enough.
If we can't stop them, then what should we do?
If we can't trust NASA, does that mean that we didn't really go to the moon?
If we can't trust Tom, who can we trust?
If we can't trust each other, who can we trust?
If we can’t get the money in any other way, we can, as a last resort, sell the car.
If we care for our teeth we won't have cavities.
If we care for our teeth we won’t have cavities.
If we carry on like this, we'll never get married.
If we combine our efforts, we'll achieve our goal.
If we consider the nature of our condition here, we must see there is no occasion for such a thing as revealed religion.
If we continue in this way, we will collide with the wall.
If we continue like this, it's as clear as day that the Japan of five years on will be in decline.
If we continue like this, it’s as clear as day that the Japan of five years on will be in decline.
If we continue like this, the words "man" and "woman" will be totally outlawed.
If we continue like this, we won't get anywhere.
If we could do that, Tom would be jealous.
If we could have predicted these floods, we would have sent your order by train.
If we could just have another hour, we could finish this for you.
If we could turn the clock back 20 years earlier to 1934, we would find an 11-year-old by the name of Ralph Gardner confronting the renowned physicist across a chess board.
If we currently have perception of everything for which the sense is touch it is also necessary that, lacking some sense, we will also lack some sense organ.
If we cut across the field, it'll save time.
If we cut down these three trees, we could probably see the lake from our porch.
If we decide to hire you, you will hear from us.
If we decline, what are the alternatives?
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.
If we didn't have any flaws, we wouldn't take such a great pleasure in noticing them in others.
If we didn't satisfy your expectations, that's your problem.
If we die, we'll take them with us.
If we do nothing, we cannot be criticized for having done anything.
If we do our best, things can go in the right direction again.
If we do that now, we won't have to do it tomorrow.
If we do that, everything's going to be all right.
If we do this, it'll set a precedent.
If we don't act quickly, this project will go nowhere.
If we don't catch the train we shall be in a hole.
If we don't change our ways, we won't last long.
If we don't create an environment that enables instant Internet access, our company will also fall behind.
If we don't create opportunity for all people, the disaffection and division that has stalled our progress will only sharpen in years to come.
If we don't do it, it won't get done.
If we don't do it, who will?
If we don't do it, who will? If not now, when?
If we don't do something, Tom and Mary are going to die.
If we don't do something, Tom is going to die.
If we don't do something, Tom will die.
If we don't do that soon, we won't be able to do it.
If we don't do that, it won't get done.
If we don't do that, no one will.
If we don't do that, who will?
If we don't do this, no one will.
If we don't end war, war will end us.
If we don't fight for our nation and our family, no one will.
If we don't find water that we can drink, we won't survive much longer.
If we don't find water we can drink, we won't survive much longer.
If we don't find water we can drink, we won't survive on his island.
If we don't finish this job, we'll lose the next contract.
If we don't get home now, your dad will thrash you!
If we don't get something to eat soon, we'll all starve to death.
If we don't go soon, we'll be late.
If we don't have a solution, the least we can do is acknowledge that there's a problem.
If we don't hit the road soon, we'll get caught in the morning rush hour traffic.
If we don't hurry up, we'll miss the train.
If we don't hurry, we'll be late.
If we don't hurry, we'll miss our train.
If we don't hurry, we're going to miss the bus.
If we don't keep walking, we'll be late.
If we don't know, it is fitting that we ask people who know.
If we don't leave soon, we won't get there in time.
If we don't leave soon, we won't get there while it's still light.
If we don't leave soon, we'll be late.
If we don't make a last ditch stand at winning that contract, we may very well go under.
If we don't make it we need to prolong the period of time.
If we don't make the utmost effort to protect the rainforests, many of the rare species in them will become extinct.
If we don't obtain an adequate knowledge of their culture, a lot of problems could easily arise.
If we don't raise our employees' salaries, we'll have a strike on our hands.
If we don't receive Tom's reply within the next three days, I think we should write him again.
If we don't restructure our business, we're going to go under.
If we don't sell it to them, they'll buy it from someone else.
If we don't somehow find an opening and escape, it will be bad.
If we don't stand up for Tom, no one will.
If we don't stand up for Tom, nobody will.
If we don't take care of the environment, it'll take vengeance against us.
If we don't take risks we'll never get anything done.
If we don't take the threat of meteor strikes seriously, we will all die.
If we don't take the threat of meteor strikes seriously, we'll all die.
If we don't thoroughly examine the cause of bullying, bullying will probably never go away.
If we don't travel to other planets, a single meteor strike could kill us all.
If we don't trust each other, we won't be able to live together.
If we don't work together, we won't be able to get this done by Monday.
If we don’t finish this job, we’ll lose the next contract.
If we don’t get something to eat soon, we’ll all starve to death.
If we don’t hit the road soon, we’ll get caught in the morning rush hour traffic.
If we don’t make a last ditch stand at winning that contract, we may very well go under.
If we don’t make it, we shall need to prolong the time frame.
If we don’t make it, we'll need to prolong the time frame.
If we don’t make the utmost effort to protect the rainforests, many of the rare species in them will become extinct.
If we don’t obtain an adequate knowledge of their culture, a lot of problems could easily arise.
If we don’t receive Tom’s reply within the next three days, I think we should write him again.
If we eat all the cookies, Tom will get angry.
If we eat garlic with caution, we will gain benefits.
If we ever came in contact with an alien race, how would we communicate with it?
If we find life elsewhere in the solar system, we'll know it must be very common outside of it.
If we finish this today, we can take tomorrow off.
If we gave priority to the veal and take very little colostrum, it passes. The man forgets himself, alas!
If we gave you a video game, would you be happy?
If we get caught together, there will be big trouble.
If we get into a car accident, I sure hope the car crashes on your side.
If we get organized, we can get something done.
If we get out of here alive, I'll buy you anything you want.
If we get some rain soon, we'll be fine.
If we go slowly, we miss the train.
If we go this way, we'll catch up with them.
If we go with Kamala, you won't have any cows anymore.
If we had been in Venice a month prior, we could have taken part in the carnival.
If we had children, we would have bought a bigger house.
If we had children, we would've bought a bigger house.
If we had done that, it would have been fun.
If we had done that, it would have been more fun.
If we had done that, it would've been fun.
If we had done that, it would've been more fun.
If we had done that, we would have had fun.
If we had done that, we would've had fun.
If we had enough money, we could do that.
If we had kids, we'd buy a bigger house.
If we had known that, we would've come sooner.
If we had known, we would've avoided it.
If we had lives we'd spend less time on Tatoeba.
If we had more money, we could do that.
If we had more money, we'd be able to do that.
If we had more money, we'd do that.
If we had more space, we could get a grand piano.
If we had more time, we could do that.
If we had more time, we would read more.
If we had more time, we'd do that.
If we had more time, we'd read more.
If we had obeyed Tom, we would probably be dead now.
If we had to choose just one language to speak, we would choose French.
If we had wings, could we fly to the moon?
If we had wings, there would be no more planes.
If we hadn't brought her back from Brazil, she would've got very depressed.
If we hadn't done that, it would have been more fun.
If we hadn't done that, it would've been more fun.
If we hadn't done that, somebody else would've.
If we hadn't done that, someone else would've.
If we hadn't had the map that you'd given us, we'd have gotten lost.
If we hadn't lost our way, we would have been here sooner.
If we hadn't lost our way, we would've been here sooner.
If we hadn’t lost our way, we would have been here sooner.
If we hang around here any longer, there could be reinforcements coming from the second gate to take us in a pincer movement!
If we hang tight, I'm sure we can make it through these bad times.
If we hang tight, I’m sure we can make it through these bad times.
If we have a pizza party, where should we have it?
If we have a problem we can take it outside.
If we have an extra ticket, you'd get it.
If we have money problems we can always dip into our savings.
If we have no choice, we'll do it that way.
If we have no more clean, drinkable water, we are doomed.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
If we have not covered all the questions you asked, please inform us.
If we have not peace within ourselves, it is in vain to seek it from outward sources.
If we have the chance, let's get together on another occasion.
If we have the chance, let’s get together on another occasion.
If we have to be honest we didn't understand her.
If we have to be honest we didn't understand it.
If we have to do it, then we'd better do it thoroughly.
If we heal you, we'll help you now, and if we teach you, we'll help you forever.
If we help each other, we can do anything.
If we hide a part of the body, it's to better draw attention towards it.
If we hide a part of the body, it’s to better draw attention towards it.
If we humans want to survive for hundreds of thousands of millions of years, we must ultimately populate other planets.
If we hurry, we can still make it.
If we hurry, we can still make the train.
If we hurry, we might make it to the midnight showing.
If we hurry, we might still catch the 7 o'clock train.
If we hurry, we might still catch the seven o'clock train.
If we hurry, we might still get the 7 o'clock train.
If we hurry, we should be on time.
If we hurry, we'll be on time.
If we hurry, we'll make it.
If we hurry, we'll probably get there on time.
If we hurry, we’ll make it.
If we improve it little by little, it will become a great weapon.
If we incarcerate these old men, we can take control.
If we invite Anton, we have to invite Anna.
If we join together, no one can stop us.
If we join together, nobody can stop us.
If we just do a braindump, we'll get some momentum on the project.
If we just stand about, the shopkeeper might call the police.
If we keep going this way, we'll hit the wall.
If we keep spending money at this rate, we soon won't have any.
If we keep this up, we have a shot at the championship.
If we knew anything, we'd tell you.
If we knew what we were doing, it wouldn't be called research, would it?
If we knew what we were doing, it wouldn’t be called research, would it?
If we knew, we wouldn't have gone.
If we know his face, we owe it to him, since he left us his self-portrait.
If we launch the rocket toward the east, it will get a big boost from Earth's rotational motion.
If we leave earlier, we'll avoid rush hour.
If we leave early, we can avoid the rush hour traffic.
If we leave early, we'll beat the traffic.
If we leave him, he'll bleed to death.
If we leave now, we could be back in Boston by 2:30.
If we leave now, we could be back in Tucson before nightfall.
If we leave now, we should be able to catch the bus.
If we leave now, we should make it.
If we leave now, we'll catch the bus.
If we leave soon, we'll make it in time.
If we left early, we could stop for something to eat on the way.
If we let our reasoning power be overshadowed by our emotions, we would be barking up the wrong tree all the time.
If we let that happen, Tom would get angry.
If we let that happen, Tom wouldn't like it.
If we let the disease run its course, it will disfigure Tom beyond recognition.
If we let those bastards get dug in now, we'll have to level the building.
If we let you do that, would you?
If we lived in a monolingual world, it would be a nightmare.
If we lived in a perfect world, we could have a free health care system, but it's impossible. Japan has more debt than any other country in the world and if it adopted a free health care system, it would go bankrupt.
If we look at a galaxy that is far away, perhaps 12 billion light years away, we are looking back in time. So, we are looking at the light from that galaxy that was emitted when it was only a few billion years after the beginning of our universe.
If we love society, will it also go away someday?
If we love society, will it also leave us someday?
If we love to do good, we do what we love.
If we make this more complex and add in a few more atoms, we get a banana.
If we make too much noise, the baby will wake up.
If we miss the train, we'll go by bus.
If we need any help, I'll let you know.
If we need bread and eggs, I'll buy them on my way home.
If we need to do that, we'll do that.
If we need your help, we'll call you.
If we notice, he only uses French when he speaks.
If we only knew how to escape from this misery.
If we only knew what we wanted.
If we only wanted to be happy, it would be easy; but we want to be happier than other people, and that is almost always difficult, since we think them happier than they are.
If we pay attention, he only speaks in French.
If we pay the rent to the landlady, we won't have any money for food; we are between the devil and the deep blue sea.
If we pay the rent to the landlady, we won’t have any money for food; we are between the devil and the deep blue sea.
If we place an order for more than 20 units, would you reduce the price?
If we pool our resources, it'll be that much easier to solve the problem.
If we pool our resources, it’ll be that much easier to solve the problem.
If we prevaricate and postpone this issue, the committee can continue to hide behind its inaction.
If we push together, I'm sure that old rickety door will break.
If we put your brain inside of a cat, it would bark.
If we read this book we are able to comprehend more about the country.
If we read this book we will be able to understand this country better.
If we really knew that our "reality" were really a complex "illusion," would we value our existence less? Buddhists believe that all that we sense is "Māyā," a profound illusion that hides "reality." In the movie The Matrix, people live in a computer simulation unbeknownst to them, but a group of renegades find out. In physics, it is known that all the matter that we see is mostly empty space at closer view.
If we really knew the time of our death, what would we do first?
If we really really want it, we'll succeed in the end.
If we receive comments, we will help.
If we repeat a lie again and again, it will not become true, but more and more people will believe it.
If we run right now, we'll make it.
If we see a hedgehog staring in the camera, we would know there’s current and certainly ancient life on Mars, but based on our past experiences, such an event is extremely unlikely.
If we see any utility in a plant, we help it to grow.
If we see that Germany is winning the war we ought to help Russia, and if Russia is winning we ought to help Germany, and that way let them kill as many as possible, although I don't want to see Hitler victorious under any circumstances.
If we sell our cars, we should be able to keep our house.
If we share the car and its cost we can both benefit.
If we share this cake we shall neither of us have enough.
If we should miss the express, we'll take the next train.
If we should miss the express, we’ll take the next train.
If we should miss the train, we'll go by bus.
If we should miss the train, we’ll go by bus.
If we start the story in French, who knows where it will take us?
If we stay here, someone will see us.
If we stay here, we might be safe.
If we stay here, we'll be seen.
If we stay here, we'll be sitting ducks.
If we stay here, we'll likely die.
If we stay here, we'll likely get killed.
If we stay here, we'll probably die.
If we stay here, we're as good as dead.
If we stay here, we're likely to die.
If we stay here, we’ll be sitting ducks.
If we stick together, we can survive.
If we stick together, we can win.
If we stick together, we'll be able to survive.
If we stop here, we'll be right back where we started!
If we stop here, we’ll be right back where we started!
If we suspect others, others will suspect us just as much.
If we take all the precautions, we can see each other, from time to time.
If we take this additional evidence into consideration, the second law must be modified.
If we think about it that way, we are all naked under our robes.
If we think for a moment of other possible means by which Christ could have come into the world, none of them would be so clearly linked to humanity and divinity in one person.
If we think it's going to rain, then obviously we're in the right place. But it's just that nobody else has it on their radar, which is a bit of a surprise.
If we thought we could prove Tom did that, we'd arrest him.
If we thought we could prove that Tom did that, we'd arrest him.
If we took a rest, our moods would certainly feel refreshed.
If we treat people as they are, we make them worse. If we treat people as they ought to be, we help them become what they are capable of becoming.
If we unite our efforts, we will be able to finish this.
If we unite our efforts, we'll be able to finish this.
If we value our own species, then we should really think about having people on other moons, planets, and space stations, as we do not want to have "all the eggs in one basket." A meteor striking the Earth like a big bomb supposedly ended the age of dinosaurs. God did not spare humanity from the coronavirus pandemic. So, we should not have false security about Earth being our only "safe" home.
If we wait for thirty minutes before leaving, we can avoid the rush hour traffic.
If we wait, Tom might change his mind.
If we wait, it might be too late.
If we walk, we'll be very late.
If we want a peaceful life, we cannot help objecting to war.
If we want to achieve something, we have to take risks.
If we want to be finished today we have to get a move on!
If we want to get earlier at the attraction park, then I think that taking the subway is the best course of action in this case.
If we want to know a country, it's necessary to learn its history.
If we want to save the company, we don't have a choice.
If we want to talk about age in English, we should use the verb "to be".
If we want we can, if won't we'll disappear.
If we wanted to do that, we could.
If we were asked right now, "Do we live now in an enlightened age?" then the response would be, "No, but we probably do live in an age of enlightenment."
If we were copies of our parents, like the Romanian says "copii", we would be in great danger, because our whole species could be wiped out by a single virus or bacterium.
If we were supposed to talk more than listen, we would have been given two mouths and one ear.
If we were to all do this, we would be better people.
If we were to buy a boat, which one do you think would be best?
If we were to go to Boston, how would we get there?
If we were to live on the moon, how large would the earth look?
If we were to put a grain of wheat on the first box of a chessboard, two grains on the second one, four on the third one and so on, until the last one, there would be 18,446,744,073,709,551,615 grains, enough to make a mountain 100 times taller than the Himalayas.
If we were to rest a little, we would feel surely feel much more refreshed.
If we were together I would bring you flowers every day.
If we win this lawsuit, it will become precedent.
If we win this lottery, we'll be set for life.
If we win, it'd be great.
If we wish our trains of ideation and volition to be copious and varied and effective, we must form the habit of freeing them from the inhibitive influence of reflection upon them, of egoistic pre-occupation about their results.
If we work as a team, we can achieve anything.
If we work together, we can accomplish anything.
If we work together, we can get this done.
If we work together, we should be able to accomplish all kinds of things.
If we work together, we should be able to accomplish all sorts of things.
If we work together, we should be able to finish this much more quickly.
If we would rest a little we would feel surely very much refreshed.
If we'd arrived a few minutes earlier, we could have found somewhere to sit.
If we'd arrived a few minutes earlier, we could've found somewhere to sit.
If we'd arrived ten minutes earlier, we would've made it onto the plane.
If we'd been on that plane, we'd be dead now.
If we'd done what Tom asked us to do, we'd probably be dead now.
If we'd done what Tom suggested, we'd probably be dead now.
If we'd followed Tom's advice, we wouldn't be having this problem now.
If we'd got to know each other better, I can't help but feel we'd have been friends.
If we'd gotten here sooner, we might've been able to save Tom.
If we'd known earlier that you needed help, we would've come earlier.
If we'd left by 2:30, we could have arrived on time.
If we'd left by 2:30, we could've arrived on time.
If we'd taken that plane, we'd be dead now.
If we'd waited, we could've sold that at a higher price.
If we'd worked harder, we would've succeeded.
If we're able to do that, I'm sure you'll be able to do it, too.
If we're all made in God's image, we must all have emanations, right?
If we're being honest with ourselves, no one likes every single part of their own personality.
If we're both going to go, why not just go together?
If we're done for, at least we should go out in style.
If we're going to do that, let's ask Tom to help us.
If we're going to do this, let's do it right.
If we're going to finish this by Monday, we'd better not waste time.
If we're going to leave, we should leave now.
If we're going to play, make your mind up about the rules!
If we're lucky we'll catch Tom in the office.
If we're lucky, it won't rain tomorrow.
If we're lucky, it'll be sunny tomorrow.
If we're lucky, we'll catch Tom in his office.
If we're lucky, we'll double our money.
If we're lucky, we'll have good weather tomorrow.
If we're made in God's image, does that mean God's butt smells, too?
If we're not careful, one of us is going to get hurt.
If we're not careful, the same thing will happen to us.
If we're not careful, the tiger will soon go the way of the dodo.
If we're not careful, we'll run out of money.
If we're not here by nightfall, come back the next day.
If we're so adaptable, why are so many people still panicking?
If we're talking about copyright, I suppose we need Tom!
If we've got to do it, then we'd better do it properly.
If wealth was better distributed, there would be less poverty.
If wealth was more evenly distributed, there would be less poverty.
If wearing a mask to fight disease is socialist, I think that says something really bad about capitalism.
If were to achieve our target, we'll need to kick into high gear.
If we’d been on that plane, we’d be dead now.
If we’d taken that plane, we’d be dead now.
If we’re going to be paid the same, I won’t work for ten months while you work only for two.
If we’re going to play, make your mind up about the rules!
If we’re not careful, the tiger will soon go the way of the dodo.
If we’re truly a nation of family values, we wouldn’t put up with the fact that many women can’t even get a paid day off to give birth.
If what Tom told me is true, then we have nothing to worry about.
If what he did wasn't a foul, what else was it?
If what is going on in the West Bank does not scream ethnic cleansing, I don't know what does.
If what you say is true, it follows that he has an alibi.
If what you write is illegible, I won't correct it.
If what you write is illegible, I won't mark it.
If what you write is illegible, I won't proofread it.
If what you're going to say is not more beautiful than silence: don't say it.
If what you're saying is true, then we shouldn't believe Tom.
If winter comes, can spring be far behind?
If wisely used, money can do much.
If wishes were horses, beggars might ride.
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
If women didn’t exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.
If women knew how much we miss them, they would leave sooner.
If work permits, I would like to go see you guys in April.
If worldwide trends continue, the projections are discouraging, especially for China, India and the U.S. According to the CDC, one out of every three people in the world could have diabetes by the year 2050.
If would be good for Tom to do that.
If would be good for Tom to swim more often.
If would have been good to do that, so why didn't you?
If would've been good to do that, so why didn't you?
If wrestling wasn't scripted, it would be boring as all hell.
If yes yes, If not no.
If yesterday was Monday, then today is Tuesday.
If you "didn't have neurodiversity before the internet" then explain why Grandpa had a meltdown if the cutlery wasn't sorted by length?
If you abuse your computer, it won't work well.
If you abuse your computer, it won’t work well.
If you accept gay marriage ten years after it became the law of the land, you are not avant garde, you are a laggard.
If you accept my condition, that's fine; otherwise, it's over.
If you accept the wizard's offer, turn to page 30.
If you accept, click on the OK button.
If you accidentally break something, let me know so we can clean it up safely.
If you accidentally leave utensils outside, check for any signs of rust or damage.
If you accidentally soil your apron, address the stains promptly.
If you accidentally step on a dirty pitchfork, make sure you have your tetanus shot.
If you account for ecocide, 99% of humanity is retarded.
If you act in such a childish way, then you will be treated as child.
If you act like a child, you will be treated as such.
If you act like a child, you'll be treated like a child.
If you act like a fool, you must be treated as such.
If you act like that, Tom will think that you hate him.
If you act like that, Tom will think you hate him.
If you act like that, he'll think you hate him.
If you act normally, then people accept you.
If you add 3 to 3, you get 6.
If you add a lot of sugar, it will be the only thing you taste.
If you add lemon, it will become sour.
If you add one hundred to one thousand, you get eleven hundred.
If you add one thousand to ten thousand, you get eleven thousand.
If you add sauce to curry rice, the taste will be more intense.
If you add sevenths to the chords in this piece, it suddenly sounds very jazzy.
If you add sevenths to these chords, the piece suddenly sounds very jazzy.
If you add sugar in water, it will become sweet.
If you add three and four, you get seven.
If you add three to four, you get seven.
If you add vinegar to the salad, the leaves will wilt.
If you adopt a religion other than Islam in North Africa, you can go to jail if you are not killed.
If you advise me to change the sentence, I'll do it.
If you agree to become an organ donor, you may help save someone's life.
If you agree to binding arbitration, you may forfeit some of your rights.
If you agree to buy 3,000 of them, we'll give you a 3 percent discount.
If you agree to buy 3,000 of them, we’ll give you a 3 percent discount.
If you agree to buy 3000 of them, we'll give you a 3 percent discount.
If you agree to buy 3000 of them, we’ll give you a 3 percent discount.
If you agree to my terms, perfect; if not, it's done.
If you agree, please raise your hand.
If you agree, say yes.
If you agree, sign here.
If you aim for longevity, think about giving up smoking.
If you allow me to speak, I'll be able to explain everything.
If you allow your dog to go free in the park, you will receive a fine.
If you already know, why are you still asking?
If you alter the plan, you must inform the team members of the changes.
If you always do what Tom wants, you will have peace here.
If you always do what you always did, you always get what you always got.
If you always do what you've always done, you'll always get what you've always got.
If you always eat that much, you'll gain weight.
If you always ignore people's goodwill, someday you're going to end up in a difficult situation.
If you always think negatively, you can jinx yourself.
If you always travel by subway, you seldom surface other than at your stop.
If you and I could join forces, we'd really get things done.
If you and Marco are well, Paulo and I are well.
If you and Tom don't hurry, you're going to be late again.
If you and your sister are well, then I am well.
If you anger the cat, it will certainly scratch you.
If you anneal the glass it will be stronger and easier to work with.
If you annoy the cat, it will certainly scratch you.
If you answer this final question correctly, you will walk off with the grand prize!
If you apply my theory, it all makes sense.
If you apply online, it might be faster.
If you apply yourself, you can succeed at anything you decide to do.
If you are 16 or older, you need to buy an adult ticket.
If you are American, you have a citizen duty for your country.
If you are God's Son, order this stone to turn into bread.
If you are a China fan, maybe read the article "Origins of Tones in Old Chinese."
If you are a China fan, maybe read the article "Secular Examination of Spirituality-Prosociality Association: Survey Research in Nonreligious-Based Populations in China."
If you are a First Nations fan, maybe read the article "Bella Coola and North Wakashan: Convergence and diversity in the Northwest Coast Sprachbund."
If you are a beginner, I recommend playing as the Knight class.
If you are a furry then at least once you must have imagined a world you can leave into where every resident is wearing a fur suit.
If you are a good boy, I will give you this watch.
If you are a good boy, you shall have a nice cake.
If you are a good girl, you shall have candy.
If you are a man, behave as such.
If you are a member of a primitive community and wish to produce food, for example, there are two things you must do.
If you are a member of a primitive community and you wish to produce, say, food, there are two things that you must do.
If you are a minority candidate, how do you feel your background uniquely prepares you to be, and will influence your role as, a physician?
If you are a parent, don't allow yourself to set your heart on any particular line of work for your children.
If you are a parent, don’t allow yourself to set your heart on any particular line of work for your children.
If you are a potential employee then you should be aware of what the company stands for and how it treats its employees before attending an interview.
If you are a regular, please sign up for our newsletter.
If you are a student, behave as such.
If you are a welder, we have just the job for you.
If you are a woman, how has your gender impacted your decision to pursue a medical career?
If you are able to wait a little longer, I would appreciate it.
If you are afraid to die, you have already died.
If you are allowed to use a calculator on the exam, make sure you have one that is approved. Go to the official testing website and double check. One student I tutored brought a sophisticated graphing calculator to the test, only to be told that he couldn’t use it. Don’t let this happen to you.
If you are an ethnic writer, you have a burden of representation.
If you are an older patient and if you don’t have the liver and kidney function you had when you were younger you may not metabolize drugs the same way.
If you are anthropocentric, you might prefer God to have human shape.
If you are at ease, you are feeling confident and comfortable.
If you are being criticized you must be doing something right. You're only attacked if you have the ball.
If you are busy, I will help you.
If you are by my side, I don't need anything else.
If you are by my side, I don’t need anything else.
If you are capable of doing good for someone then do not hold back.
If you are carrying more than ten thousand euros, you will have to fill out a customs declaration.
If you are caught cheating, you'll be expelled from school.
If you are caught cheating, you’ll be expelled from school.
If you are clear about your objectives and tolerance for error, the team will know the difference between when they are being detail-oriented versus nitpicking.
If you are clever enough to bring destruction upon me, rest assured that I shall do as much to you.
If you are coughing and sneezing, cover your mouth with the front part of an elbow or with a handkerchief.
If you are crossing, please follow the instructions on the floor.
If you are doing well at school, you can visit Tom in the summer.
If you are done with that book, I'd like to have it.
If you are done with that book, I’d like to have it.
If you are done with the salt, please pass it to me.
If you are driving a car at high speed and feel that you are about to sneeze, I recommend that you slow down and, if necessary, even stop the car, because it is not possible to sneeze with your eyes open.
If you are driving a car, you have to observe the traffic rules.
If you are economically disadvantaged or have limited financial means, how has this adversity shaped you?
If you are encountering a large group of enemies, use an area-of-effect spell like Fireball.
If you are ever depressed, seek help.
If you are ever in Japan, come and see me.
If you are feeling like a prisoner within surgery, it is your surgery.
If you are fighting fire elementals, use water-based attacks. They're more effective.
If you are found out, you'll catch it.
If you are found out, you’ll catch it.
If you are free tomorrow, I can show you around Kyoto.
If you are free, come around to see me.
If you are free, give me a hand.
If you are going abroad, it's necessary to have a passport.
If you are going abroad, it’s necessary to have a passport.
If you are going to America, brush up your English.
If you are going to a convenience store, it's better to bring a discount coupon along with you, I think.
If you are going to build something in the air it is always better to build castles than houses of cards.
If you are going to go to America, you should brush up your Portuguese.
If you are going to go to America, you should brush up your Spanish.
If you are going to have a party, please count me in.
If you are going to smoke, please go outside.
If you are going to the library this afternoon, would you please return two books for me whilst you are there?
If you are going to the library this afternoon, would you please return two books for me?
If you are going to the safari park, take the No.5 bus.
If you are going to try and fool me at least do it well.
If you are granted permission to work or undergo an apprenticeship, you should find out as much as you can about your rights as a worker or apprentice.
If you are happy, I am happy.
If you are having issues connecting to the meeting, contact your teacher as soon as possible.
If you are having lutefisk for dinner, you must have boiled eggs and mustard with it.
If you are having problems, I will help you study English.
If you are having temporary financial problems and it is the cause of your outstanding account, let us know about it.
If you are here, it means you care.
If you are honest, I will hire you.
If you are hoping in what may happen without committed action, then stop. You're just dwelling in wishful thinking.
If you are hot, take off clothes.
If you are hungry, you can eat the bread.
If you are idle, be not solitary, if you are solitary, be not idle.
If you are idle, you will have a hard time.
If you are in Paris, contact me by telephone!
If you are in Paris, you can visit the Louvre.
If you are in Rio and wish to go to São Paulo, you can take a bus. Even so, the trip will take six and a half hours.
If you are in a major media outlet, simple logic says you are not being silenced.
If you are in danger, shout "HELP!".
If you are interested in studying English with a native speaker, please contact me.
If you are interested in the theory about tachyons, maybe read the document "Possibility of Faster-Than-Light Particles" by G. Feinberg.
If you are interested, let us meet again tomorrow.
If you are late in the morning, you will be late the whole day.
If you are learning English, you have to learn each word twice.
If you are like a futurologist, maybe read the document "The Ghost of Transhumanism and the Sentience of Existence."
If you are listing more than 3 items, use an expression like "A, B, C, and D", it doesn't matter if you exclude the comma before "and".
If you are looking for easy cooking, leave it to me!
If you are looking for simple cooking, leave it to me!
If you are lucky enough to look under 25, please don't be offended if we ask you for ID.
If you are making any grammar mistake, please download Grammarly.
If you are me, how can you do it?
If you are my friends, come with me.
If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor.
If you are new to the Tatoeba Project, I'd suggest looking at the Quick Start Guide first.
If you are not able to hold your attention on one thing for some time, how can you accomplish anything?
If you are not busy, why don't you come fishing with me this weekend?
If you are not careful, you will incur prohibitive expenses.
If you are not enjoying writing, why write at all?
If you are not firm with the children, they will get out of hand.
If you are not going forward, you're going backward.
If you are not going to tell it, I am going.
If you are not going to the concert, then neither am I.
If you are not in a hurry, please stay a little longer.
If you are not in the process of becoming the person you want to be, you are automatically engaged in becoming the person you don't want to be.
If you are not outraged, you are not paying attention.
If you are not paying for it, you are the product.
If you are not prepared to use force to defend civilization, then be prepared to accept barbarism.
If you are not satisfied with your share, I'll make it a bit more attractive.
If you are not satisfied with your share, I’ll make it a bit more attractive.
If you are not sure about the meaning of the word, look it up in your dictionary.
If you are not sure, or the status is uncertain, mark neutral.
If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life.
If you are not willing to learn, no one can help you. If you are determined to learn, no one can stop you.
If you are not willing to speak, then you do not have to answer.
If you are old enough to remember the 1960 U.S. presidential election, it was believed John F. Kennedy’s youthful appearance and vigor swept him into office over Richard Nixon, who appeared sallow and pale in a television debate.
If you are one of those who love to translate, Tatoeba is the right place for you.
If you are only this late, I can put up with it.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow.
If you are reading this letter, it means that I am no longer living.
If you are reading this letter, it means that I have died.
If you are really 16, think hard about it!
If you are really lucky you may encounter a cluster of living sand dollars, half buried in the sand.
If you are religious and wonder about other countries, maybe read the article "Religion in the Peoples' Republic of China: An Overview."
If you are religious, maybe read the research paper "Communicating the Gospel to the Inuit of Nunavut, Canada."
If you are saying she invited you, then get ready!
If you are saying that he has authorized you, then get ready!
If you are saying that he invited you to the wedding, then get ready!
If you are searching for work, call me!
If you are serious, this place will serve as well as another.
If you are silent in a conversation or social situation for a long time, Americans will try to get you to talk.
If you are someone whose father has made his way up in the business world.
If you are strong, I am strong.
If you are stupid enough to do that, I can't guarantee your safety.
If you are surprised by how much time I have on my hands, I can assure you that this is not the case.
If you are taking your shoes off, please put them in their place.
If you are the Lord's son, can you turn these rocks into food?
If you are thirsty, I can make some orange juice out of all of the oranges grandad has brought back.
If you are tied up now, I'll call you back later on.
If you are tied up now, I’ll call you back later on.
If you are tired go to sleep.
If you are tired just let me know.
If you are tired, go to bed.
If you are tired, got to bed!
If you are tired, lie down.
If you are tired, you should go to bed.
If you are to arrive there before noon, you must start early in the morning.
If you are to be a good world citizen, you should try to be free of any prejudices.
If you are to be successful, you are to do your best.
If you are to do it, you must make a good start.
If you are to do well in school, you must study hard.
If you are to finish the work before June, you will have to work much better.
If you are to get ahead in life, you must work harder.
If you are to go to America, you had better learn English conversation.
If you are to improve your English, you had better go to countries where it is spoken.
If you are to know a nation, you must learn its history.
If you are to make a success of writing, you have to work hard.
If you are to realize your dream, you must work harder.
If you are to succeed in life, work harder.
If you are to succeed in the exam, you must study hard.
If you are to succeed, you must make a good start.
If you are to succeed, you must start studying now.
If you are to succeed, you must try harder.
If you are to succeed, you must work hard.
If you are to succeed, you must work harder.
If you are to succeed, you should make efforts.
If you are to win, you should do your best.
If you are too shy to ask, you will lose your way.
If you are up for it, let's go!
If you are willing to suffer all this I am ready to help you!
If you are wise, you will be richer than Cresus.
If you are wrong, I am wrong too.
If you are wrong, then so am I.
If you aren't a morning person, study in the afternoon.
If you aren't better tomorrow, you should stay home from school.
If you aren't busy, perhaps you could help me do that tomorrow.
If you aren't busy, perhaps you could help me.
If you aren't careful about what you eat, you'll put back on all the weight that you spent so much time losing.
If you aren't careful, someone may take credit for your work.
If you aren't careful, the cops are going to catch you.
If you aren't careful, the police are going to catch you.
If you aren't careful, you may drop something.
If you aren't careful, you might get hurt.
If you aren't careful, you might hurt yourself.
If you aren't careful, you might hurt yourselves.
If you aren't careful, you'll end up in jail.
If you aren't careful, you'll fail again.
If you aren't careful, you're going to be suspended.
If you aren't careful, you're going to catch a cold.
If you aren't feeling well, maybe you should rest in bed a little longer.
If you aren't feeling well, you should rest.
If you aren't firm with the children, they'll get out of hand.
If you aren't going to drink this, I won't either.
If you aren't going to drink this, I'm not either.
If you aren't going to the concert, then neither am I.
If you aren't going, I won't either.
If you aren't going, I'm not either.
If you aren't going, I'm not going either.
If you aren't here by 2:30, I'll leave without you.
If you aren't here by 2:30, we'll leave without you.
If you aren't interested, you don't have to read it.
If you aren't quiet, the baby will wake up.
If you aren't quiet, you'll wake Tom up.
If you aren't quiet, you'll wake the baby up.
If you aren't quiet, you'll wake up the baby.
If you aren't ready yet, we can wait.
If you aren't there by 10:00, we'll leave without you.
If you aren't there by 2:30, we'll leave without you.
If you aren't there, we'll have our picture taken without you.
If you aren't willing to do what we tell you to do, then leave.
If you aren’t careful about what you eat, you’ll put back on all the weight that you spent so much time losing.
If you arrive home before me, please feel free to have a few drinks and relax.
If you arrive late at the airport, you will miss your plane.
If you ask Mary to lend you some money, she probably will.
If you ask Mary, she'll help.
If you ask Tom and Mary to lend you some money, they probably will.
If you ask Tom and Mary, they'll help.
If you ask Tom to lend you some money, he probably will.
If you ask Tom, I'm sure he'll help you.
If you ask Tom, he'll help.
If you ask a large number of trans people when they first noticed they weren't the right gender, the vast majority will tell you it was in childhood.
If you ask a mathematician if he is an adult or a minor, don't be surprised if he answers "yes".
If you ask a mathematician if he is an adult or a minor, don’t be surprised if he answers "yes".
If you ask a stupid question, you'll get a stupid answer.
If you ask for a raise, you'll likely get one.
If you ask her too directly whether she has a friend, she will become suspicious and answer: "Why did you ask me that?"
If you ask her too directly whether she has a friend, she will become suspicious and answer: "Why did you ask me that?".
If you ask her, she'll help you.
If you ask him again, he may change his mind.
If you ask him, he will help you.
If you ask me anything I don't know, I'm not going to answer.
If you ask me to come back, I will.
If you ask me to do that, I will.
If you ask me to stay, I will.
If you ask me to stay, I'll stay.
If you ask me, I don't agree with that.
If you ask me, Tom and Mary are the ones with the problem.
If you ask me, Tom and Mary are the problem.
If you ask me, Tom is the one with the problem.
If you ask me, Tom is the problem.
If you ask me, a t-shirt is very masculine.
If you ask me, it was just a waste of time.
If you ask me, it's completely overblown.
If you ask me, it’s quite simple.
If you ask me, reading comics is a complete waste of time.
If you ask me, she's a little unusual.
If you ask me, she’s a little unusual.
If you ask me, talking to Tom will be a waste of time.
If you ask me, that feels like a lot like such a thing a Capricorn would do.
If you ask me, that's clearly the middle of the night!
If you ask me, that's something only a Capricorn would do.
If you ask me, that's very Capricorn-like.
If you ask me, this is a complete waste of time.
If you ask me, we should go now.
If you ask someone, "Is the room cold?" then the person might be unable to answer "yes" or "no", since the room may be tepid, or chilly; this is why a binary system of truth fails to capture many nuances.
If you ask too many people for their opinions, you'll end up not knowing what to do.
If you assume that chickens are female if they lay eggs, why don't you assume that a human who gives birth is a woman?
If you ate fewer burgers, you'd probably be healthier.
If you ate fewer burgers, you’d probably be healthier.
If you attempt eugenics with for-profit prisons, you will be castrated and your entire family imprisoned for life.
If you attempt to use expletives in a language you do not know well, you are likely to sound ridiculous.
If you back out, the deal won't go through.
If you bake it for more than what's asked, it will be a disaster!
If you became a designer, you could make better use of your talents.
If you became blind suddenly, what would you do?
If you become any more famous, we'll have to roll out the red carpet for you.
If you begin by sacrificing yourself to those you love, you will end by hating those to whom you have sacrificed yourself.
If you begin something, you should finish it.
If you begin to look at it more closely, actually, it is not.
If you behave at the doctor's I'll take you swimming afterwards.
If you behave like a flunkey, you're treated like a flunkey.
If you behave like a flunkey, you’re treated like a flunkey.
If you behave like a flunky, you'll be treated like a flunky.
If you behave like a flunky, you’ll be treated like a flunky.
If you behave like a lackey, you'll be treated like a lackey.
If you behave like a lackey, you're treated like a lackey.
If you behave like a lackey, you’ll be treated like a lackey.
If you behave like a lackey, you’re treated like a lackey.
If you behave like a servant, you'll be treated like a servant.
If you behave like a servant, you’ll be treated like a servant.
If you behave like this, you won't earn your friends' trust.
If you behave to me like this, you will make me hate you.
If you behave well, I'll buy you a video game next week.
If you behave well, I'll give you candy.
If you behave well, we'll go to the zoo tomorrow.
If you behave yourself, I'll give you some candy.
If you behave yourselves today, I'll buy you ice cream.
If you believe Palestine can't cede any land to its invaders, why would you believe Ukraine can and must?
If you believe Tom, I guess I should, too.
If you believe in God, Earth is the closest thing to hell you will ever experience. If you don't, Earth is the closest thing to heaven you will be able to experience.
If you believe in God, he will do half of your work. The second half.
If you believe in God, you have to pay for it.
If you believe in Islam, then you should practice it.
If you believe it will work out, you'll see opportunities. If you believe it won't, you will see obstacles.
If you believe it, you'll achieve it.
If you believe society hasn't made anything worthwhile, then you might believe also in mass destruction.
If you believe that Islam is the right way, then you should become a Muslim yourself.
If you believe that insulting you would solve the problem of the fishermen, well, let me say, you deceive yourself.
If you believe that, you'll believe anything.
If you believe what politicians say, it's really your own fault.
If you believe what politicians say, it’s really your own fault.
If you believe you're happy, then you are.
If you believe, you can achieve it.
If you belittle him, the crowd will judge you.
If you berate me like that again, I will quit.
If you bet your horses on Trump, you'll lose.
If you betray us, we'll kill you.
If you bite at it, you're a fool.
If you bite at it, you’re a fool.
If you bite me, I'll bite back.
If you bite me, I'll bite you back.
If you bite me, I’ll bite back.
If you bite me, then I'll bite you, too.
If you bite me, then I’ll bite you, too.
If you bite your fingernails, sooner or later you will make your fingers bleed.
If you borrow something from a sibling, return it when you're done.
If you borrow utensils from others, be sure to wash and return them.
If you break Skura's heart again, I'm gonna kill you.
If you break it again, I'm not fixing it.
If you break it again, I'm not going to fix it.
If you break the clock again, you'll catch it from Mommy.
If you break the clock again, you’ll catch it from Mommy.
If you break up with me, I'll ask Dad to take back all the money we give you.
If you break your promise we’re through, right?
If you break your promise, we're through, you hear?
If you bring me the ladder, I'd be able to change the light bulb.
If you bring me the ladder, I'll be able to change the light bulb.
If you bring us some books, the time will seem shorter to us.
If you brought back what you took yesterday, you would find what you could take today.
If you buddy up to everybody and anybody, pretty soon people will think you're just a people-pleaser.
If you buddy up to everybody and anybody, pretty soon people will think you’re just a people-pleaser.
If you build it right, it won't fall down.
If you burn all your bridges, you'll snuff out any possibility of working in this industry in the future.
If you burn your house down, you have to sleep outside.
If you burn yourself, quickly cool the burn with water.
If you butter him up just like so, he'll give you everything and more than you could ever ask for.
If you button the first button of your shirt wrong, all the others will be buttoned wrong. That's also the case with many other things in life.
If you buy 10 lessons, you will earn an extra $30 for future lessons.
If you buy a new car, what will you do with the old one?
If you buy a pound of tea, the merchant will give you a pound of sugar for free.
If you buy a ticket swiftly, you might still catch the train.
If you buy everything you want, you won't have enough money to buy what you really need.
If you buy five kilos, I'll give you a good discount.
If you buy in bulk, it's 20% cheaper.
If you buy in bulk, it’s 20% cheaper.
If you buy in bulk, you can get a discount.
If you buy in bulk, you can save a lot of money.
If you buy me an ice cream, I'll give you a kiss.
If you buy me an ice cream, I'll kiss you.
If you buy that now, you won't have to buy it tomorrow.
If you buy this, I will give you a fifteen percent discount.
If you buy this, I'll give you a fifteen per cent discount.
If you buy those XXL shorts, you'll look like a bozo.
If you buy tickets in advance, they're cheaper.
If you buy two sandwiches, I'll give you another one for free.
If you calculate the electric field using this equation, the result comes out like the following.
If you call him a clever man, he may be happy.
If you call me ahead of time, I'll be ready.
If you call now and order immediately, you'll get double our shoddy rubbish for the same price!
If you call somebody "poor" but you don't know his idea of "wealth," then you're the one who's an "Epsilon-Minus Semi-Moron."
If you calmly look at the reply you sent to an email, you'll find that it'll have "you" all over it. While you may use the pretext that you're just working with whatever information the addressee gave you, in the end it's just all about yourself. This is wrong. Let's be a little more careful, shall we?
If you came here with a desire to learn English, you're in the right place and it's where it's at.
If you came, that would be great.
If you can already solve all the problems in this book, you are free to skip it.
If you can be arrested under suspicion of having a gun, you don't have the right to bear arms.
If you can buy a ticket in less than no time, you might still catch the train.
If you can come tomorrow, please do.
If you can come, I will be very happy.
If you can come, just come.
If you can come, please talk to me a lot.
If you can convince the lowest white man he's better than the best colored man, he won't notice you're picking his pocket. Hell, give him somebody to look down on, and he'll empty his pockets for you.
If you can digest them, raw vegetables are good for your health.
If you can do it on your own, do it without reserve.
If you can do that by yourself, then you don't need us.
If you can do that, Tom can, too.
If you can do this better than me, just go ahead and do it on your own.
If you can dream about something, you can also make it come true.
If you can dream it, you can also make it come true.
If you can get through Wednesday, you can make it through Thursday. Then you only have Friday left, and then it's the weekend.
If you can give me a couple of those bills, maybe we could have a deal.
If you can handle spice, try Sichuanese food!
If you can hear me, please put it in the chat.
If you can hear me, squeeze my hand.
If you can hear me... if you're still in there... stop this, now! We need you.
If you can help Tom, why can't you help Mary, too?
If you can kill anyone with a criminal record who is acting erratically, that bodes poorly for Michael Flynn.
If you can kill your enemy, do it, if not, make him your friend.
If you can lend me some money, I would be very grateful.
If you can lend some money it will be much appreciated.
If you can look into the seeds of time, and say which grain will grow and which will not, then speak to me.
If you can make him become a member of the library, I'll give you a valuable prize.
If you can move mountains, you can move molehills.
If you can no longer stand it there, just leave.
If you can only do one thing, go for it.
If you can physically distance yourself from a smoker, then do it.
If you can play the trumpet, you can likely very easily learn to play the valve trombone.
If you can put up with us, put us up.
If you can read and write, you've got four eyes.
If you can read rapidly and with good understanding, you will probably find it easy to remember a good deal of what you do read.
If you can read the following, we can communicate in Japanese, too.
If you can read this sentence, it's because you know how to read.
If you can read this sentence, then you're able to read.
If you can read this sentence, then you’re able to read.
If you can read this, go home!
If you can read this, it means that you can speak one language!
If you can read this, it means that you speak at least one language, so you're more than welcome on Tatoeba!
If you can read this, you're too close.
If you can read, you're wasting your time by not reading stories you haven't read yet. If you can't read, then come up with another way to find new stories.
If you can see your breath when you exhale, you know it's cold.
If you can see your breath when you exhale, you know it’s cold.
If you can seriously eat all those waffles, I will personally drive you to the store to buy some more.
If you can silence the king, you are the king.
If you can sing, that is great.
If you can sing, that's good enough.
If you can smell your own perfume, you're wearing too much.
If you can speak Kadazan, my grandpa will be very happy.
If you can survive in Algeria, you can survive everywhere.
If you can survive this, then you can survive anything.
If you can talk to Tom, you can talk to anyone.
If you can translate the subject and object then after that it isn't so difficult.
If you can translate the subject and object then after that it isn’t so difficult.
If you can understand this sentence then you need to have sex with someone.
If you can use gravity to your advantage, do so.
If you can use this typewriter perfectly in a month, you may keep it.
If you can't afford a lawyer, one will be appointed to you.
If you can't afford a lawyer, one will be provided for you.
If you can't afford an attorney, one will be appointed for you before any questioning if you wish.
If you can't afford an attorney, one will be provided for you.
If you can't afford children, don't have them.
If you can't afford to give your delivery driver a good tip, get your own food.
If you can't afford travel insurance, then you can't afford to travel.
If you can't agree to us being the best, then your opinion is clearly all wrong.
If you can't be a star in the sky, be a light in the house.
If you can't be a star in the sky, be an angel at home.
If you can't be cheerful, be as cheerful as you can.
If you can't be good, be careful.
If you can't be with the one you love, love the one you're with.
If you can't beat 'em, join 'em.
If you can't beat them, burn everything down.
If you can't beat them, burn them.
If you can't beat them, join them.
If you can't beat them, then join them.
If you can't change the world, change your world.
If you can't come before lunch, how about 4 o'clock in the afternoon?
If you can't come on the day of your appointment, be sure to let us know by the previous day.
If you can't come, I'll eat alone.
If you can't come, please let me know ahead of time.
If you can't come, send someone in your stead.
If you can't come, we'll understand.
If you can't come, you should let me know ahead of time.
If you can't convince them, confuse them.
If you can't discipline him, I'll be forced to take him to court.
If you can't do good, at least pay what you owe.
If you can't do it by yourself, get some help.
If you can't do it confidently, at least do it hopefully.
If you can't do it, I'll find somebody who can.
If you can't do it, I'll find someone else who can.
If you can't do it, I'll find someone who can.
If you can't do it, get some help.
If you can't do it, we'll find someone who can.
If you can't do that by yourself, I'll help you.
If you can't do that, I guess I'll have to.
If you can't do that, I'll ask Tom to do it.
If you can't do that, I'll ask Tom.
If you can't do that, I'll find someone who can.
If you can't do that, I'll get somebody else to do it.
If you can't do that, I'll get someone else to do it.
If you can't do that, don't promise it.
If you can't do that, we'll have to find somebody who can.
If you can't do that, we'll have to find someone who can.
If you can't do that, we'll need to find somebody who can.
If you can't do that, we'll need to find someone who can.
If you can't do the time, don't do the crime.
If you can't do this, don't promise it.
If you can't do what you want, do what you can.
If you can't do your job as required, be so good as to work on the weekend.
If you can't eat properly, leave the table.
If you can't exchange this, I'd like a refund.
If you can't explain it easily, you don't yet understand it.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.
If you can't explain something simply, you don't understand it well enough.
If you can't explain something simply, you don't understand it well.
If you can't find it on Tatoeba, it's not a sentence.
If you can't find what you're looking for in the toolshed, look in the garage.
If you can't fix the pipe, we'll have to call a plumber.
If you can't fly, then run. If you can't run, then walk. If you can't walk, then crawl, but whatever you do, you have to keep moving forward.
If you can't get a lawyer who knows the law, get one who knows the judge.
If you can't get a taxi, I'll take you to the airport.
If you can't get rid of the skeleton in the closet, you better teach it to dance.
If you can't go to an English-speaking country to study, perhaps you can find an English native speaker living nearby that can help you learn English.
If you can't go to an English-speaking country to study, perhaps you can find an English native speaker living nearby who can help you learn English.
If you can't handle the pool maintenance, maybe we shouldn't have one at all.
If you can't have a midnight snack why do we have a light in the fridge?
If you can't have children, you could always adopt.
If you can't help Tom, maybe I can.
If you can't help me, at least let me work.
If you can't impress them with skill, impress them with idiocy.
If you can't keep your promise, what excuse will you make?
If you can't lick 'em, join 'em.
If you can't lift your backpack, then you can't carry it!
If you can't love yourself, no one else will.
If you can't make bail, you'll have to stay in jail.
If you can't make it in time, let me know.
If you can't make it tomorrow, give me a call early in the morning to let me know.
If you can't make it, call us as soon as possible.
If you can't make peace with yourself, how are you going to make peace with anyone else?
If you can't pay, you can't eat.
If you can't read, it's not my fault.
If you can't return those pants, don't roll up the bottoms; just let me hem them.
If you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all.
If you can't say anything nice, don't say anything.
If you can't say something nice then keep your mouth shut.
If you can't say something nice, don't say anything at all.
If you can't say something nice, don't say anything.
If you can't say something nice, keep your mouth shut.
If you can't see me, I can't see you.
If you can't sing, I could always put James on.
If you can't sleep, try counting sheep.
If you can't socially distance, you have to wear a mask.
If you can't solve this problem, ask your professor.
If you can't solve this problem, ask your teacher.
If you can't speak well of the dead, say nothing.
If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen.
If you can't take it, give up and do what I, your older sister, asked of you.
If you can't take the heat, get out of the kitchen.
If you can't talk to your wife, talk to your minister.
If you can't understand it, it is intuitively obvious.
If you can't understand this, you must be a bit dim.
If you can't visit a country where they speak the language you are learning, find a local bar where native speakers of that language hang out and start hanging out there.
If you can't wake up in the morning, you should go to bed earlier.
If you can, I would like to meet with you next week if it is convenient.
If you can, come with us.
If you can, don't get on buses; go on foot.
If you can, find out what Tom needs.
If you can, get a sketchbook and a 4B pencil. You don't need such expensive art materials yet.
If you can, get a sketchbook and a 4B pencil. You don’t need such expensive art materials yet.
If you can, open that window.
If you can, remember to be good even to strangers; it is more useful than a kingdom to obtain friends well-earned.
If you can, wake him up.
If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be provided for you.
If you cannot catch a bird of paradise, better take a wet hen.
If you cannot come you should let me know beforehand.
If you cannot come, I'll eat alone.
If you cannot enjoy solitude, you cannot enjoy the company of others.
If you cannot find the truth right where you are, where else do you expect to find it?
If you cannot help us, don't at least hinder us.
If you cannot join us, please reply.
If you cannot make full remittance, please get in touch with me by October 28, 1998.
If you cannot say something nice, don’t say anything at all.
If you cannot understand good advise, you cannot obey it.
If you cannot work out the problem, you had better try a different method.
If you can’t beat them, join them.
If you can’t come on the day of your appointment, be sure to let us know by the previous day.
If you can’t come, send someone in your stead.
If you can’t find it on Tatoeba, it’s not a sentence.
If you can’t go to an English-speaking country to study, perhaps you can find an English native speaker living nearby that can help you learn English.
If you can’t have children, you could always adopt.
If you can’t keep your promise, what excuse will you make?
If you can’t lick ’em, join ’em.
If you can’t lift your backpack, then you can’t carry it!
If you can’t make it because you are too busy or whatever, let me know. It’d be great if you could come, that's all.
If you can’t make it, call us as soon as possible.
If you can’t solve this problem, ask your teacher.
If you can’t stand the heat, get out of the kitchen.
If you can’t stop thinking about it, don’t stop working for it.
If you can’t take it, give up and do what I, your older sister, asked of you.
If you can’t visit a country where they speak the language you are learning, find a local bar where native speakers of that language hang out and start hanging out there.
If you capture a fox and try to befriend it, be careful.
If you care about people and not about countries or political alliances, the Ukraine situation becomes much clearer, with a clear aggressor.
If you care about someone, you'll become friends! If you care about each other, you'll become many times stronger! And your bravery will be unlimited! In this world are many unpleasant things, many sad things, and many that, which you can't handle by yourself. But while you have people you care about, you just can't fall! You just cannot surrender! While you have those people, about which you care, you will stand up again and again! That's why Hero is absolutely undefeatable!
If you care to come, you will be welcome.
If you care to smoke a cigar in our rooms, Colonel, I shall be happy to give you any other details which might interest you.
If you care to, come with us.
If you care to, you may come with us.
If you cared about freedom, you would leave trans people and our doctors alone.
If you cared about me, you would have waited until I was ready for a relationship again.
If you carelessly ask, "Got a boyfriend?" she'll be put on her guard and say, "Why do you ask?"
If you carelessly ask, "got a boyfriend?" she’ll be put on her guard and say, "why do you ask?"
If you carry on like this, they'll send you to the loony bin.
If you catch a cold, I'm going to get an earful.
If you catch a cold, you can't easily get rid of it.
If you catch a cold, you cannot easily get rid of it.
If you catch anything against me, I call the police.
If you catch the virus, you might not be at risk of dying from it, but you can certainly spread it to others who are.
If you catch the virus, you might not be at risk of dying from it, but you can certainly spread it to others.
If you celebrate Christmas, you are at least culturally Christian, or adopting aspects of cultural Christianity.
If you chain-smoke, you are much more likely to have severe lung problems later in life.
If you change a sentence that already has some translations, please warn the authors of the translations about it.
If you change anything, let me know.
If you change queues or traffic lanes, the one you were in will always move faster than the one you are in now. This also works in supermarkets and shops.
If you change your address, please let me know.
If you change your hairstyle, you could look ten years younger.
If you change your mind, let me know.
If you change your mind, let us know.
If you change your mind, please let me know.
If you change your mind, you'll know where to find me.
If you change your sentence, leave a comment for the ones who translated your sentence so they can change theirs, too.
If you changed your hair, you could look 10 years younger.
If you changed your hairstyle, you would look at least 10 years younger.
If you chase two rabbits, you get neither.
If you chat a lot, then you don't think a lot.
If you cheat me, I'll kill you.
If you cheat on me again, I definitely won't forgive you.
If you cheat on me again, I definitely won’t forgive you.
If you cheat, you run the chance of getting arrested.
If you check you will probably figure it out, but first you should try to answer using your intuition.
If you choose a livelihood because it's an easy means of getting somewhere you want to go, but it's not something you're passionate about or would want to do for the rest of your life, it's probably not going to work out.
If you choose to make capital out of this accident, I am naturally helpless. No gentleman but wishes to avoid a scene. Name your figure.
If you churn goat milk, you'll get sour milk and butter.
If you cleaned your glasses, you could probably see better.
If you click here, you can access the files you want to read.
If you click on that little house there, you'll come to the homepage.
If you climb up that hill, you can see the ocean.
If you climb up this mountain, you'll reach the lab.
If you climb up this mountain, you’ll reach the lab.
If you climb up to Tom's ego and jump to his IQ level you will reach terminal velocity.
If you close your eyes when you see a ghost, it will be gone when you open them.
If you closed the windows, we wouldn't get so many mosquitoes in the house.
If you collect seven four-leaf clovers, your wish will come true.
If you combine them in this way, you get a 14 port USB hub.
If you come across a word you don't know while reading, look up its definition in the dictionary.
If you come across a word you don't know while reading, look up its meaning in the dictionary.
If you come across an unfamiliar word, look it up in your dictionary.
If you come across any dried-on food, soak the dish for a few minutes.
If you come across my book, will you send it to me?
If you come any closer, I will jump off!
If you come back by five, you may go.
If you come back here, I'll kill you.
If you come back soon, you may go.
If you come back this afternoon, I'll have a couple of experts here for you.
If you come back this afternoon, I’ll have a couple of experts here for you.
If you come early, you'll stand a better chance.
If you come first, you'll be presented with a gold medal.
If you come home with me, all will be well. If you force your way into that cottage, all is over between us.
If you come in second, you'll get a silver medal.
If you come my way, drop in on me.
If you come this way by any chance, drop in to see me.
If you come to Boston, I'll show you around.
If you come to Brazil, be sure to try the pizza.
If you come to Brazil, don't forget to try out the pizza.
If you come to Japan and you don't follow the rules, you are stupid.
If you come to Rio, I could be your guide.
If you come to Rio, don't forget to call me to be your guide!
If you come to my house, I will tell you the story in detail.
If you come upon a new word in a sentence, what will you do with it?
If you come with me, I'm sure that you'll have a good time.
If you come with me, I'm sure you'll have a good time.
If you come with your friends, I'll be happier.
If you come, I'll also go!
If you come, I'll bake a cake.
If you come, he will come too.
If you come, he'll come too.
If you come, that's enough.
If you come, they'll come, too.
If you come, we will come as well.
If you comment on a sentence and you speak the language the sentence is in, you should comment in that language.
If you commit a crime, don't post about it online.
If you commit a crime, you must be punished.
If you commit an act of war against a sovereign state, it is to be expected that that state defends itself.
If you commit ecocide, you have a negative IQ.
If you commit suicide, I'll kill you.
If you commute to work with a car, you risk getting too little exercise.
If you compare him with his older brother, you'll see the difference.
If you compare him with his older brother, you’ll see the difference.
If you compare our product with others, you'll see ours is far better in quality.
If you compare our product with others, you’ll see ours is far better in quality.
If you compare this to that, which is better?
If you compare yourself with others, you may become vain or bitter; for always there will be greater and lesser persons than yourself.
If you complain further, I'm going to get really angry.
If you complain further, I’m going to get really angry.
If you complete this course successfully, you will be able to use the Python programming language effectively.
If you concentrate all your energies on the study of English, you will master the language.
If you concentrate, you'll be able to finish within a shorter time interval.
If you connect your phone to your PC via USB, you can even transfer files and photos.
If you conquer others, you're forceful. If you conquer yourself, you're strong.
If you consent to my proposal, great; if not, that's it.
If you consider his age, then you can't blame him for his actions.
If you consider his age, then you can’t blame him for his actions.
If you consider the objective of hibernation, I think it's the response of animals trying to somehow survive the winter season with its lack of food.
If you consider the objective of hibernation, I think it’s the response of animals trying to somehow survive the winter season with its lack of food.
If you consider yourself an Ossetian, you must learn your mother language.
If you continue doing that that way, you'll likely get killed.
If you continue doing that that way, you'll probably get injured.
If you continue doing that, you'll get in trouble.
If you continue doing that, you'll probably get injured.
If you continue like this, you'll always stay at the same point.
If you continue screaming at me, then we won't talk.
If you continue seeing that Layla, I swear I will kill you.
If you continue staying here illegally, the police will catch you.
If you continue to misbehave, it will go on your permanent record.
If you continue to remain silent, I'll lose my temper.
If you continue to remain silent, I’ll lose my temper.
If you continue to set the aircon power to max, you will quickly run out of gas.
If you continue to take this herbal medicine, it will do you good.
If you continue with it, don't you think you'll end up regretting it later on?
If you continue with the pointless arguments here...it'll end up as a repeat of yesterday.
If you continue with the pointless arguments here...it’ll end up as a repeat of yesterday.
If you control a nation's children, you control that nation's future.
If you control the food, you control the people.
If you convert 48 hours into minutes, how many minutes does that make?
If you convey to a woman that something ought to be done, there is always a dreadful danger that she will suddenly do it.
If you cook, I'll do the washing-up.
If you cook, I'll wash the dishes.
If you copy my sentences, then I'll copy yours!
If you cough or sneeze, use the inside of your elbow to cover your mouth and nose.
If you could afford to buy any car, which one would you buy?
If you could assist me, it would be a great help.
If you could be a bit more careful, that would be even better.
If you could be a colour, what would you be?
If you could be a ghost for a day, where would you go and what would you observe?
If you could be an animal, what animal would you be and why?
If you could be any animal as a pet, what would you be?
If you could be anything, what would you be?
If you could be reborn in any country, which one would it be?
If you could call me when you're free, that would be great!
If you could change anything in your past, what would that be?
If you could change one law, what would it be?
If you could change one thing about the world, what would it be?
If you could change one thing about this school, what would you change?
If you could change one thing about you, what would it be?
If you could change one thing about your job, what would it be?
If you could change one thing about your school, what would it be?
If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?
If you could change something in the world, what would you change?
If you could change something, what would you change?
If you could change your name to any name, what would it be?
If you could change your name, what would you want it to be?
If you could check my grammar, I'd really appreciate that.
If you could choose a different name for yourself, what would it be?
If you could choose any place in the world to retire, where would you choose?
If you could choose one famous person you'd like to spend time with, who would it be?
If you could choose the genes for your children, would you?
If you could choose to do anything for a day, what would it be?
If you could choose your child's genes, would you?
If you could click on the link, you would see it.
If you could click on the link, you'd see it.
If you could click the link, you would see it.
If you could click the link, you'd see it.
If you could come tomorrow, that'd be great.
If you could come, I'd be really happy.
If you could create a new product, what would it be?
If you could cut your hair soon!
If you could do anything tomorrow, what would you do?
If you could do it at all, I'd like you to do it.
If you could do it at all, I’d like you to do it.
If you could do it, would you do it?
If you could do it, would you?
If you could do that for me, I'd appreciate it.
If you could do that for me, I'd really appreciate it.
If you could do that, would you?
If you could drive a while, I could take a nap.
If you could easily read anything in English, what would you like to read?
If you could eliminate one thing from the world, what would it be?
If you could get rid of any US state, which would you choose and why?
If you could give a 10-minute presentation on any subject, what would it be?
If you could give advice to your younger self, what would it be?
If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go?
If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you like to go?
If you could go anywhere, where would you go?
If you could go back and start your life again, from what age would you like to start?
If you could go back in time to change one thing, what would it be?
If you could go back in time, what would you change?
If you could go back in time, what year would you travel to?
If you could go back to any age, what age would you choose?
If you could go home now, would you?
If you could go home, would you?
If you could have a superpower, which one would you pick?
If you could have any animal as a pet, what would it be?
If you could have any famous person as a mentor, who would it be?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?
If you could have anything in the world, what would it be?
If you could have dinner with anybody in the world from across history, who would it be and why?
If you could have one wish granted, what would it be?
If you could have three wishes, what would they be?
If you could have three wishes, what would you wish for?
If you could help me, I'd appreciate it.
If you could hire someone to help you, would it be with cleaning, cooking, or yard work?
If you could invent something to make life easier, what would it be?
If you could invent something to make life easier, what would you invent?
If you could join any past or current music group which would you want to join?
If you could keep from making snide remarks all the time, people might like you more.
If you could learn any language fluently, which one would you learn?
If you could lend me some money, I'd be very grateful.
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be, and why?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would want to live?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you live?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you want to live?
If you could live anywhere, where would it be?
If you could live forever, would you?
If you could live in a star, which one would you pick?
If you could live in a star, which one would you pick? I'd like that lovely clear big one away over there above that dark hill.
If you could loan me some money, I'd be grateful.
If you could loan me some money, I'd really appreciate it.
If you could make one wish for the future, what would it be?
If you could manage to go camping with us, we'd be delighted.
If you could meet your favorite author, what would you ask him or her?
If you could only choose one of them, which one would it be?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
If you could only eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you could only eat one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you could only see the twisted fantasies that wander about in my head...
If you could only speak English, you would be perfect.
If you could only use one word to describe yourself, what would it be?
If you could see, you would have something to laugh about!
If you could see, you would understand.
If you could share a meal with any 4 individuals, living or dead, who would they be?
If you could share a meal with any three people, living or dead, who would they be?
If you could spend a day with any famous person, who would it be?
If you could start over and live anywhere, where would you go?
If you could start your own business, what would it be?
If you could take a month-long vacation anywhere, where would you go?
If you could teach me to do that, I'd be grateful.
If you could teleport anywhere right now, where would you go?
If you could tell me when Mary will arrive, I'll go to the station and pick her up.
If you could tell me when Tom and Mary will arrive, I'll go to the station and pick them up.
If you could tell me when Tom will arrive, I'll go to the station and pick him up.
If you could think positively every day, it would help you to live a lot better.
If you could time travel, would you go to the past or to the future?
If you could tone down the tone of your voice towards me, that would be great.
If you could travel anywhere in the world right now, where would you go?
If you could travel anywhere in the world, where would you go?
If you could travel back in time, to what period would you go?
If you could travel back in time, what year would you choose?
If you could travel to any country in the world, where would you go?
If you could travel to any moment in time, to what period would you go?
If you could use a more respectful voice tone towards me, that would be great.
If you could visit any place in the world, where would you go?
If you could wait a little longer, I would appreciate it.
If you could wait until tomorrow, I could go with you.
If you count the baby, then there are four of us.
If you crave video games excessively, you might have a problem.
If you create a popular app, you could become a millionaire overnight.
If you create sentences in Turkish and Estonian on Tatoeba, there's a large chance that you're boracasli.
If you create sentences in Turkish and Estonian on Tatoeba, there’s a large chance that you’re boracasli.
If you criticise, you make yourself unpopular.
If you criticize Islam you will be beheaded or punished at the best!
If you criticize me, you will be executed.
If you criticize me, you will be imprisoned.
If you criticize me, you will be killed.
If you criticize me, you will be punished.
If you criticize me, you will die.
If you croon like this, she will stop crying.
If you cross paths with a bear, play dead.
If you cross the street, pay attention to the cars.
If you cross with a red light, it's against the law.
If you cry because you miss the sun when it goes away, then you will also miss the stars.
If you cut all the care labels off of your clothes, how do you keep track of which temperature settings you need to use on the washer and dryer?
If you cut all the care tags off of your clothes, how do you keep track of which temperature settings you need to use on the washer and dryer?
If you cut class or something...it wouldn't surprise you if it showed up on your report card, would it?
If you cut class or something...it wouldn’t surprise you if it showed up on your report card, would it?
If you cut me in for 20 percent, I will keep your secret safe.
If you cut off one of its heads, two more will grow back in its place.
If you cut the tail off of a lizard, it will grow back.
If you dampen two pieces of plywood and bend then, you can glue the two layers together, clamp them in place still bent, and make a permanent bent double layer.
If you dangle a shoelace in front of my cat, she'll play with it.
If you dare to get one more step closer to me, I'll have you gone from the face of the Earth.
If you dare to get one step closer to me, I'll wipe you out from the surface of the Earth.
If you dare to threaten my family once again, expect big trouble from me.
If you dare!
If you decide to answer questions now without a lawyer present, you have the right to stop answering at any time.
If you decide to come to America, please let me know as soon as possible.
If you decide to work for us, we will pay you twice as much.
If you decided to work for us we would pay you twice as much.
If you declutter your linen closet, you get rid of lots of things that you don’t need.
If you deconstruct my salad, I will deconstruct you.
If you demand people of a certain race live a certain place, and that none of them live where you live, you're an authoritarian.
If you deny me I cannot return alone; you shall triumph in the death of us both.
If you deposit your letter at the front post after 7 PM, it'll be delivered the following day.
If you despise him, people will condemn you.
If you develop lesions in the area, I think you should see a doctor.
If you did it, own up to it.
If you did not make this request, please disregard this email.
If you did not make this request, please ignore this email.
If you did not want to do this, then why did you do it? Did someone force you to do this?
If you did that for me, it would help a lot.
If you did that yesterday, you don't need to do it today.
If you did that, I'd never forgive you.
If you did that, Tom would be impressed.
If you did that, Tom would be surprised.
If you did that, it would ruin our friendship.
If you did that, they'd kick you out of the bar.
If you didn't care about our sex lives, we wouldn't need to talk about them.
If you didn't care when Gazans were being shot while trying to cross the border, why do you care that Israeli settlers are shot for being in the West Bank?
If you didn't complain so much, people would probably like you more.
If you didn't do that, then who did?
If you didn't do that, who did?
If you didn't document it, you didn't do it.
If you didn't eat the cake I made, then your sister did.
If you didn't eat the cake I made, your sister must have.
If you didn't exist, then I would invent you.
If you didn't exist, you would have to be invented.
If you didn't get enough sleep last night, you should take a nap.
If you didn't have a beard, you'd look younger.
If you didn't have any barriers, what would you do?
If you didn't have him to exchange letters with, you would be lonely.
If you didn't have to work for the next three weeks, what would you do?
If you didn't have your head in the clouds, you could succeed.
If you didn't hear it with your own ears or see it with your own eyes, don't invent it with your small mind and share it with your big mouth.
If you didn't know me that way then you simply didn't know me.
If you didn't know, now you know.
If you didn't learn it when you were a kid, you will never learn it.
If you didn't put this here, then who did?
If you didn't put this here, who did?
If you didn't show her the Kabyle dress, what did you show her?
If you didn't take it, who did?
If you didn't understand, you only had to say so.
If you didn't want Jews praying in al-Aqsa Plaza, you shouldn't have built it on the Temple Mount.
If you didn't want Jews praying near to the Al-Aqsa Mosque, you shouldn't have built it on the Temple Mount.
If you didn't want a negative response, then don't ask for my opinion!
If you didn't want me to hold your hand, then why did you ask me to?
If you didn't want people stealing from the self-checkout, you shouldn't have laid off all those workers.
If you didn't want to come, you should have said something.
If you didn't want to come, you should've said something.
If you didn't want to go, you should have said something.
If you didn't want to go, you should have told me.
If you didn't want to go, you should've said something.
If you didn't want to go, you should've told me.
If you didn’t eat the cake I made, then your sister did.
If you didn’t have him to exchange letters with, you would be lonely.
If you didn’t have your head in the clouds, you could succeed.
If you didn’t know me that way then you simply didn’t know me.
If you die without having made any enemies that means that you have not done anything.
If you die, I'll kill you!
If you die, I'll probably die, too.
If you die, everyone dies.
If you die, we all die.
If you die, you will be resurrected at the last checkpoint you passed.
If you dig this tunnel below the building it will collapse, so I urge you to not do it.
If you dip this meatball in the ketchup, will the taste clash?
If you disagree with him, don't be afraid to say so.
If you disagree with him, he is liable to get angry.
If you disagree, please say so.
If you discover any problems on Tatoeba, you should go ahead and blame Sysko.
If you discovered a new planet, what would you name it?
If you disdain him, the public will blame you.
If you disguise yourself, they won't be able to tell.
If you disguise yourself, they won’t be able to tell.
If you dislike doing that, then don't do it.
If you dislike my way of doing things that much, why don't you just do it yourself instead.
If you dislike my way of doing things that much, why don’t you just do it yourself instead.
If you disobey me, I'll punish you.
If you disturb Tom, he will be very angry.
If you divide any number by zero, the result is undefined.
If you divide the number of Greeks by the number of Greek islands, how many do you get per island?
If you do a job perfectly then you shouldnt do it for free.
If you do anything against her, I'll arrest you.
If you do anything against her, you'll have to deal with me!
If you do anything against him, I will arrest you.
If you do anything against me, I'll call the police.
If you do anything against my brother, you'll have me to deal with!
If you do anything against my dad, you will have to deal with me!
If you do anything against my family, you will have me to deal with!
If you do anything against my family, you'll have me to deal with!
If you do anything against my father, you will have me to deal with!
If you do anything against my mother, you'll have me to deal with!
If you do anything against my sister, you will have me to deal with!
If you do anything at all, do it well.
If you do anything at all, you must do your best.
If you do anything to me, I'll have you arrested.
If you do as I want now, you shall have our true friendship in return.
If you do come up with something, let me know.
If you do do it, use your heart and head when you do it.
If you do everything wisely, there will be no problems.
If you do everything you can, God may just decide to screw with you anyway, as he did with Job.
If you do everything you can, God may just make a bet with Satan to fuck up your life and test your faith.
If you do everything you can, God will help you with the rest.
If you do get new flowers, you may be in for a surprise. Some growers inject color chemicals into the orchid. This makes them bloom bright blue, yellow, orange, or green. Those colored orchids rebloom white.
If you do have this powerful document, can you search for fish?
If you do it a bit slower, it goes quicker.
If you do it again, I'll make you see stars.
If you do it at all, do it well.
If you do it at all, try to do it well.
If you do it once more, you will be sacked immediately.
If you do it that way you won't be mistaken.
If you do it that way you won’t be mistaken.
If you do it that way, I will too.
If you do it that way, you won't even be ready tomorrow, either.
If you do it this way, you can save several hours.
If you do it, I might be able to help you.
If you do it, I shall be deeply grateful; if you do not do it, I shall pardon you.
If you do it, I will do it too.
If you do it, I'll do it too.
If you do it, I'll do it, too.
If you do it, do it right.
If you do it, they'll do it, too.
If you do it, we'll do it, too.
If you do not bring it down, no one will bring it down.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
If you do not conform to society's arbitrary rules, you will be shunned.
If you do not depart without uttering another syllable, I will batoon you to death!
If you do not go fishing tomorrow, I will not either.
If you do not have a book, put your hand up.
If you do not have this book, you can buy it.
If you do not have this program, you can download it now.
If you do not have your ticket, I cannot let you in.
If you do not know his language, you will never understand a foreigner's silence.
If you do not leave this area, we are authorized to remove you by force.
If you do not like going to school, why don't you at least learn a trade, so that you can earn an honest living?
If you do not move immediately, you will be arrested.
If you do not obey the club rules, you will be expelled.
If you do not observe these regulations, you will be penalized by me.
If you do not observe these regulations, you will be penalized.
If you do not one, but many things, you can find what you want to do in the future.
If you do not pass the N1, you cannot take the entrance test to Sakura Inc.
If you do not smoke, you can extend your life.
If you do not surrender, you will die!
If you do not think about the future, you cannot have one.
If you do not think about your future, you cannot have one.
If you do not understand, ask.
If you do only bad things, you will get slapped on the wrist.
If you do only bad things, you will get slapped.
If you do only bad things, you will get your wrist slapped.
If you do silly things, you must accept the consequences without complaining.
If you do something against him, you'll have me to deal with!
If you do something that crazy, you'll be laughed at.
If you do something that stupid, you'll be laughed at.
If you do something wrong in North Korea, it's not only you who's going to get arrested but all your family members. This is what they call "guilt by association."
If you do something, then do it well.
If you do such a foolish thing, people will laugh at you.
If you do such a prank again, you will hear from the owner.
If you do that I will not be able to guarantee your security.
If you do that again, I'll come and cut your throat when you're asleep.
If you do that again, I'll sock you.
If you do that again, I'll spank you.
If you do that again, Tom will be very angry.
If you do that again, you'll be out on your ear.
If you do that again, you'll get thrown out.
If you do that every day, you'll get good at doing it.
If you do that every day, you'll get sick.
If you do that for me, I'd appreciate it.
If you do that for me, I'll be in your debt.
If you do that for us, then we'll pay you three hundred dollars.
If you do that for us, we'll pay you three hundred dollars.
If you do that kind of thing, it's not fair to her.
If you do that kind of thing, it’s not fair to her.
If you do that the again I'll beat the pants off you.
If you do that the again I’ll beat the pants off you.
If you do that this way, it'll be easier.
If you do that this way, you'll be able to save some time.
If you do that to Mary, she'll get mad.
If you do that to Tom, he'll get mad.
If you do that to him, he will cut your throat.
If you do that to me, I will cut your throat.
If you do that tomorrow, I will, too.
If you do that tomorrow, so will I.
If you do that, I will, too.
If you do that, I'll call the police.
If you do that, I'll charge you with breach of contract.
If you do that, I'll do it, too.
If you do that, I'll do that, too.
If you do that, I'll give you $300.
If you do that, I'll have to do it, too.
If you do that, I'll sue you for breach of contract!
If you do that, Tom will be happy.
If you do that, Tom will be pleased.
If you do that, Tom will do that too.
If you do that, Tom will get angry.
If you do that, Tom will, too.
If you do that, don't blame me for what happens.
If you do that, everybody will probably leave.
If you do that, everyone's going to hate you.
If you do that, it will help you.
If you do that, it will only bring about a contrary effect.
If you do that, it will only have the opposite effect.
If you do that, it'll cause me problems.
If you do that, it'll cause problems.
If you do that, it'll hurt your reputation.
If you do that, it'll probably stop working.
If you do that, our friendship will be over.
If you do that, people will laugh at you.
If you do that, so will I.
If you do that, then everybody will probably leave.
If you do that, we will, too.
If you do that, we'll be disappointed.
If you do that, we'll kill you.
If you do that, we'll no longer be friends.
If you do that, you are going to look ridiculous.
If you do that, you can kiss any dream of a life together goodbye.
If you do that, you can kiss your soccer career goodbye.
If you do that, you might end up in jail.
If you do that, you will be cheating.
If you do that, you will betray the trust of your friends.
If you do that, you will need to face the consequences.
If you do that, you will risk severe criticism.
If you do that, you'll be cheating.
If you do that, you'll be laughed at.
If you do that, you'll be making a fool of yourself.
If you do that, you'll be sorry.
If you do that, you'll be sued so fast it'll make your head spin.
If you do that, you'll leave yourself wide open.
If you do that, you'll ruin everything.
If you do that, you're doing exactly what they want you to do.
If you do that, you're going to look pretty stupid.
If you do that, you're going to look ridiculous.
If you do that, you're going to subject yourself to ridicule.
If you do that, you’re going to subject yourself to ridicule.
If you do the wrong thing, you make a mistake.
If you do this for me, I'll never ask you to do anything else.
If you do this, God will forgive you.
If you do this, we're through.
If you do this, you will regret it for the rest of your life.
If you do this, you'll go to paradise.
If you do this, you'll regret it for the rest of your life.
If you do this, you're mistaken.
If you do what I say, we could leave this place alive.
If you do what I want you to do, I'll be very happy.
If you do what I want you to do, I'll give this to you.
If you do what I want you to, I'll give you this.
If you do what Tom wants, you will get generously rewarded.
If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten.
If you do wrong to people and if you take other people for fools, karma will kick you twice as bad and twice as hard as if you don't do anything wrong to people.
If you do your best, I'm sure you'll pass the exam.
If you do your best, no one will blame you.
If you do your best, you will succeed.
If you do your best, you're likely to succeed.
If you do your study at all, do your best.
If you don't act like a good boy, you won't get a birthday present.
If you don't act like a good girl, you won't get a birthday present.
If you don't agree, just let us know.
If you don't agree, you can just say so.
If you don't answer any of the questions, you'll fail the exam.
If you don't ask for a raise, you're very unlikely to get one.
If you don't ask for anything, you don't get anything.
If you don't ask for something, you'll never get it.
If you don't ask her out, I will.
If you don't ask me the question in proper Berber, I won't answer.
If you don't ask questions, you'll never learn anything.
If you don't ask the right question, you won't get the right answer.
If you don't ask, you don't get.
If you don't ask, you won't receive.
If you don't ask, you'll never know.
If you don't behave the bogeyman will come!
If you don't behave yourself, you won't get any dessert.
If you don't behave yourself, your father's going to punish you.
If you don't behave, Santa won't come.
If you don't believe in copyright, it can't hurt you.
If you don't believe me, I'll prove it to you.
If you don't believe me, ask Tom.
If you don't believe me, give me a lie-detector test.
If you don't believe me, go and see for yourself.
If you don't believe me, go and see it for yourself.
If you don't believe me, go see for yourself.
If you don't believe me, go see him with your own eyes!
If you don't believe me, have a look yourself!
If you don't believe me, who will?
If you don't believe me, you can ask him.
If you don't believe me, you'll believe your own eyes.
If you don't believe us, go and ask the stationmaster.
If you don't blow your own horn, someone else will use it as a spittoon.
If you don't bother the bees, they're unlikely to sting you.
If you don't bother them, they won't bother you.
If you don't bring a gift, you'll make a bad impression.
If you don't buy it, it costs 0 yen.
If you don't buy it, it costs nothing.
If you don't buy junk food, you're less likely to eat junk food.
If you don't care for Tom, don't toy with his affections.
If you don't care for contemporary music, this concert won't do anything for you.
If you don't clean this office, you're fired.
If you don't clean your room, you won't even have a place to stand, don't you think?
If you don't come back, I'll come looking for you.
If you don't come down, I'll be the one going up.
If you don't come over at the correct time, you'll have to eat the scraps.
If you don't come to me, I'll come to you.
If you don't come tomorrow, notify me by phone.
If you don't count Japan, Spain is the world's largest consumer of fish.
If you don't cut it out, I'm going to get angry for real.
If you don't destroy the devil in time, it will be strong.
If you don't do anything about it, the party will be a flop.
If you don't do it, I won't do it either.
If you don't do it, it doesn't matter.
If you don't do it, someone else will.
If you don't do that soon, you may not be able to.
If you don't do that, I won't do that either.
If you don't do that, I won't either.
If you don't do that, I'll give you $300.
If you don't do that, Tom will be upset.
If you don't do that, Tom will get angry.
If you don't do that, it won't get done.
If you don't do that, it'll cause me problems.
If you don't do that, neither will I.
If you don't do that, somebody else will.
If you don't do that, someone else will.
If you don't do that, then someone else will.
If you don't do that, we'll be disappointed.
If you don't do that, we'll kill you.
If you don't do that, who will?
If you don't do that, you will be a dead man.
If you don't do that, you'll have me to deal with.
If you don't do that, you're fired.
If you don't do this now, you'll regret it for the rest of your life.
If you don't do this, it's going to cost you big time.
If you don't do this, we'll kill you.
If you don't do this, you'll regret it for the rest of your life.
If you don't do what I say, I'll tell everyone your secret.
If you don't do what I tell you to do, I can't be responsible for the consequences.
If you don't do what Mary says, she'll get angry.
If you don't do what Tom and Mary say, they'll get angry.
If you don't do what Tom says, he'll get angry.
If you don't do what he says, he'll kill you.
If you don't do what she says, she'll kill you.
If you don't do what the boss says, he'll fire you.
If you don't do what the boss told you to do, you're likely to get fired.
If you don't do what they say, they'll kill you.
If you don't do what we say, we'll kill you.
If you don't do your duty, people will look down on you.
If you don't do your homework, there will be no TV tonight.
If you don't dress warmly in winter, it could result in you catching a bad cold.
If you don't drink anything, you'll surely die.
If you don't drink, you'll still feel thirsty.
If you don't eat anything, you will surely die.
If you don't eat anything, you won't have any energy.
If you don't eat breakfast, you'll probably be hungry during the morning and won't be as efficient at work as you could be.
If you don't eat fast, you will be late for school.
If you don't eat fast, you'll be late for school.
If you don't eat your veggies, you won't get any dessert.
If you don't eat, you die.
If you don't eat, you'll die.
If you don't eat, you'll get sick.
If you don't enjoy it, why are you doing it?
If you don't fancy it, you can go home.
If you don't feel Algerian, just get the hell out of this country.
If you don't feel like doing it, don't do it.
If you don't feel like doing this, you can go home.
If you don't feel like it, go home! Otherwise you're just standing in the way.
If you don't feel like it, you can go home.
If you don't feel well, go to bed.
If you don't find a word in this dictionary, tell me and I will add it.
If you don't find an attorney we will order a public defender for you.
If you don't find me attractive enough, then just say so.
If you don't find me attractive, then just say so.
If you don't find the antidote, your brother is going to die!
If you don't finish the job, you won't be paid.
If you don't finish your plate in three minutes, you won't get dessert.
If you don't finish your soup, there will be no TV tonight.
If you don't fold your clothes or hang them, they will be wrinkled.
If you don't follow safety procedures, you may get injured.
If you don't follow the club rules, you'll be expelled.
If you don't follow the club rules, you'll be thrown out.
If you don't follow the rules, you'll be punished.
If you don't get a job soon, we're breaking up.
If you don't get a move on, you'll end up missing your flight.
If you don't get closer to her, you won't know her true colors.
If you don't get home soon I'm going to commit suicide.
If you don't get in the car with me, we're done.
If you don't get more exercise, you'll get fat.
If you don't get off here, you'll have to get on the turnpike.
If you don't get out now, things are just going to keep on getting worse.
If you don't get out of my store, I'm going to have to call the cops.
If you don't get out of the way, you'll get beaten up too.
If you don't get the punch line, I'm sorry.
If you don't get this, you're not so smart!
If you don't get your act together you won't graduate from high school.
If you don't give anything to a dog, it will bark at everyone.
If you don't give anything, you won't have anything.
If you don't give in now, you will regret it later.
If you don't give it back to him, he'll be angry!
If you don't give up, you'll die!
If you don't give up, your dreams will come true.
If you don't give us our money back, we'll kill you.
If you don't give us what we want, we'll kill one of the hostages.
If you don't give, you don't get. That's the way it is in Egypt.
If you don't go skiing, I won't, either.
If you don't go to bed soon, it'll be morning.
If you don't go to school, then you won't learn anything.
If you don't go to the cinema, what will you do instead?
If you don't go, I will not go either.
If you don't go, I won't either.
If you don't go, I won't go either.
If you don't go, I won't, either.
If you don't go, I'll go.
If you don't go, you'll have to apologize.
If you don't grab the opportunity, you'll lose it.
If you don't have a Euro account, you can make your payment in dollars by money transfer.
If you don't have a billion dollars, you aren't capable of being that evil.
If you don't have a book, put your hand up.
If you don't have a book, raise your hand.
If you don't have a disability today doesn't mean that you're not going to have a disability tomorrow.
If you don't have a flashlight, I could lend you mine.
If you don't have a flashlight, I could lend you one of mine.
If you don't have a pen, it's OK to use a pencil.
If you don't have a pen, use a pencil.
If you don't have a safety pin, a straight pin will have to do.
If you don't have air, you're definitely going to die.
If you don't have an accident on the snowy roads I think you should be able to get back safely.
If you don't have any device with you, you can access your account using backup tokens.
If you don't have any goal in life, you're just waiting to die.
If you don't have any ideas of your own then you just have to steal some.
If you don't have any money, I'll lend you some.
If you don't have any teeth, your palate will suffer.
If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all.
If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything.
If you don't have anything nice to say, keep your mouth shut.
If you don't have anything positive to say, don't say anything.
If you don't have anything pressing to do, why don't you come with us?
If you don't have anything to do, look at the ceiling of your room.
If you don't have anything to do, you can contribute to Tatoeba.
If you don't have anything to say, don't say anything.
If you don't have anything to say, say nothing.
If you don't have anything valuable more to add to the conversation, then there's no point in speaking up.
If you don't have enemies, you don't have character.
If you don't have enough evidence to convince the other person you're right, make stuff up.
If you don't have enough money to buy that, I'll lend you some.
If you don't have enough money, I'll lend you some.
If you don't have friends, you have nothing.
If you don't have good ingredients, you can't make good food.
If you don't have hair, you don't need a comb.
If you don't have money with you today, you can pay me tomorrow.
If you don't have money, I will lend some to you.
If you don't have money, I'll send you some.
If you don't have money, you have to do without.
If you don't have one, I'll give you one.
If you don't have other ideas, then accept this idea.
If you don't have other plans, let's go out for dinner together.
If you don't have other plans, let's go out for dinner.
If you don't have the money, don't try to bargain with me.
If you don't have the vocabulary, grammar isn't going to help.
If you don't have this key, you won't be able to get in.
If you don't have this software, you can download it now.
If you don't have what you like, you like what you have.
If you don't help Tom, I will.
If you don't help Tom, he won't be able to do it.
If you don't help Tom, he'll die.
If you don't help Tom, he'll have trouble doing it.
If you don't help Tom, who will?
If you don't help him, he won't make it.
If you don't help me, I won't be able to do it.
If you don't help me, I won't be able to do that.
If you don't help me, it won't get finished on time.
If you don't help me, who will?
If you don't hurry up, you'll never get to the village.
If you don't hurry, he'll catch up with us.
If you don't hurry, we won't get there on time.
If you don't hurry, we'll be late.
If you don't hurry, we'll miss the bus.
If you don't hurry, we're going to be late again.
If you don't hurry, we're going to be late.
If you don't hurry, you won't get there before dark.
If you don't hurry, you'll be late for school.
If you don't hurry, you'll be late for your appointment.
If you don't hurry, you'll be late.
If you don't hurry, you'll miss the last train.
If you don't hurry, you'll miss the train.
If you don't hurry, you'll miss your bus.
If you don't hurry, you'll miss your flight.
If you don't hurry, you'll miss your plane.
If you don't hurry, you'll miss your train.
If you don't hurry, you're going to be late again.
If you don't jump, you'll be stuck there.
If you don't keep quiet I'll punch you in the nose.
If you don't keep the silverware polished, it'll lose its luster.
If you don't keep your cool, you're more liable to fuck up.
If you don't keep your guard up in life, one day you'll regret it.
If you don't keep your promises, people won't take you seriously.
If you don't kill them, they'll kill you.
If you don't kill this mini-boss now, she will return in a different boss fight later in the game.
If you don't know a word, look it up in a dictionary.
If you don't know any German, then how are you going to work in Austria?
If you don't know anything about computers, you're really behind the times.
If you don't know anything about the matter, it's better that you keep quiet.
If you don't know how to ski, I'll teach you.
If you don't know how to swim, you should learn.
If you don't know it, ask me.
If you don't know ladders, don't play Go.
If you don't know something, don't pretend you know.
If you don't know that about me, then you don't know me completely.
If you don't know that mushroom, don't pick it.
If you don't know that you're looking at something in a biased way, then anything you do that tries to be "neutral" will end up biased.
If you don't know the answer, have a guess.
If you don't know the answer, try to guess.
If you don't know the answers, guess.
If you don't know the meaning of a word, look it up in a dictionary.
If you don't know the meaning of the word, you have to look it up in the dictionary.
If you don't know the way, ask a policeman.
If you don't know what a word means, look it up in a dictionary.
If you don't know what a word means, you should look it up in a dictionary.
If you don't know what it means, look it up in the dictionary.
If you don't know what kind of mushroom it is, better not take it.
If you don't know what kind of mushroom it is, it's better not to take it.
If you don't know what kind of mushrooms they are, it's better to not pick them.
If you don't know what the word means, look it up in the dictionary.
If you don't know what to say, just don't say anything.
If you don't know what to say, just say "my condolences."
If you don't know what to say, say nothing.
If you don't know what you have, it's like you don't have it.
If you don't know what you're doing, leave it alone.
If you don't know what your goal is, you'll never be able to achieve it.
If you don't know where you are going, look where you come from.
If you don't know where you are going, never forget where you come from.
If you don't know where you're going, you might not get there.
If you don't know where you're going, you'll certainly get there.
If you don't know which port you want to reach, no wind will take you there.
If you don't know your past, you can't shape your future.
If you don't know, ask me.
If you don't know, ask the teacher.
If you don't know, ask.
If you don't know, don't speak.
If you don't know, find out.
If you don't know, maybe Tom and Mary do.
If you don't know, maybe Tom does.
If you don't know, then don't argue.
If you don't know, who does?
If you don't know, you had better ask around.
If you don't learn to laugh at trouble, you won't have anything to laugh at when you're old.
If you don't leave Ziri alone, he'll go to the police.
If you don't leave immediately, I'll have to call security.
If you don't leave now, they'll kill you.
If you don't leave now, you'll be late.
If you don't leave now, you'll die.
If you don't leave now, you'll miss the train.
If you don't leave now, you'll miss your train.
If you don't leave right now, I'll call security.
If you don't leave that girl alone, I'm gonna call the cops.
If you don't leave that girl alone, I'm gonna kick your ass.
If you don't leave us alone, I'm calling the police.
If you don't leave voluntarily, we'll have to throw you out.
If you don't leave, I'll sic my dogs on you.
If you don't leave, I'm calling the cops.
If you don't leave, I'm going to call the cops.
If you don't leave, I'm going to call the police.
If you don't let me go, I'll still go.
If you don't lie to me, I'll be happy.
If you don't lie you don't sell.
If you don't like Kabylie, leave!
If you don't like Tom Jackson, I can suggest another lawyer.
If you don't like Tom, just try to avoid him.
If you don't like apricots, buy something else.
If you don't like being poor, you should have picked a different family to be born into.
If you don't like doing that, it's OK to stop doing it.
If you don't like doing that, let Tom know.
If you don't like doing that, then don't do it.
If you don't like doing this, then don't do it.
If you don't like each other, why do you always hang out together?
If you don't like him, why were you talking to him?
If you don't like it here, leave.
If you don't like it here, then leave.
If you don't like it here, then you can leave.
If you don't like it here, we can leave.
If you don't like it here, you can leave.
If you don't like it here, you don't need to stay.
If you don't like it here, you may leave.
If you don't like it then you can leave.
If you don't like it there, why do you keep going back?
If you don't like it, don't buy it.
If you don't like it, don't do it.
If you don't like it, don't eat it.
If you don't like it, it is alright for you to leave.
If you don't like it, just say so.
If you don't like it, tell me.
If you don't like it, then don't buy it.
If you don't like it, then don't eat it.
If you don't like it, then you can quit.
If you don't like it, you can leave.
If you don't like it, you can return it.
If you don't like it, you can stop using it.
If you don't like it, you can take a hike.
If you don't like it, you don't have to eat it.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
If you don't like something, say so.
If you don't like that, I'll stop.
If you don't like that, you don't have to drink it.
If you don't like that, you don't have to eat it.
If you don't like the food that I made, why don't you cook for yourself tomorrow?
If you don't like the service, don't leave a tip.
If you don't like the situation the way it is, do something about it.
If you don't like the way I cook, why don't you do the cooking starting tomorrow?
If you don't like the way I do it, then do it yourself.
If you don't like the way I drive, you can get out and walk the rest of the way.
If you don't like the way I season the food, then, starting tomorrow, you can cook!
If you don't like the weather, wait for quarter of an hour.
If you don't like this carpet, then give it away to him.
If you don't like this house, sell it.
If you don't like this song, why do you keep listening to it?
If you don't like this, I'll get you something else.
If you don't like this, you don't have to eat it.
If you don't like what I've done, you can do it yourself!
If you don't like what we're doing, then leave.
If you don't like wine, then you must've not had good wine before.
If you don't like working with Tom, I'll find you someone else to work with.
If you don't like your job, quit.
If you don't listen to us, we will have to resort to coercion.
If you don't listen, I'm disinheriting you!
If you don't listen, you'll have to feel.
If you don't look out, you will get into trouble.
If you don't love me anymore, why do you still want to be with me?
If you don't love me, I can accept that.
If you don't love yourself, no one else will.
If you don't make it back in time for the meeting, I'll kill you.
If you don't make the promise, then I'll just stand by and watch.
If you don't me to do that again, I won't.
If you don't mind a ghost in the house, it is all right. Only you must remember I warned you.
If you don't mind it being me, I'll listen to however much you have to say.
If you don't mind me asking, could I have your contact information?
If you don't mind my asking, who did this?
If you don't mind my asking, why did you go out yesterday?
If you don't mind telling me, how do you do that?
If you don't mind telling me, how does Tom do that?
If you don't mind telling me, what was your problem?
If you don't mind, I think I'll leave now.
If you don't mind, I think I'll stay a little longer.
If you don't mind, I'd like to be alone for a while.
If you don't mind, I'd like to come with you.
If you don't mind, I'd like to go with you.
If you don't mind, I'd like to leave now.
If you don't mind, I'd like to rest here for a while.
If you don't mind, I'd like to say a few words.
If you don't mind, I'd like to stay.
If you don't mind, I'd like to talk to Tom alone.
If you don't mind, I'd rather not do that.
If you don't mind, I'd rather not go.
If you don't mind, I'd rather speak in French.
If you don't mind, I'd rather stay here by myself.
If you don't mind, I'd rather wait outside.
If you don't mind, I'll eat one of these donuts.
If you don't mind, I'll go with Tom.
If you don't mind, I'll leave now.
If you don't mind, I'll sit here.
If you don't mind, I'll wait for Tom here.
If you don't mind, let's wait for our friend.
If you don't mind, may we inspect your suitcase?
If you don't mind, stay at home till we come back.
If you don't mind, then get ready!
If you don't mind, will you please meet with me?
If you don't mind.
If you don't miss the train, you'll get there in time.
If you don't miss the train, you'll get there on time.
If you don't mix the flour and water properly, it'll all go lumpy.
If you don't move your car, it's going to get towed.
If you don't need it, don't buy it.
If you don't need me, I have work to do.
If you don't need this, then give it to someone else.
If you don't obey, the bogeyman will come and get you.
If you don't obey, the boogyman will come and get you.
If you don't occasionally walk even when it is hot outside, you will soon notice mysterious fat appearing on your belly which you cannot get rid of.
If you don't pay for protection, you never know what might happen.
If you don't pay me I'll hang you by the balls.
If you don't pay me back, I'll come find you.
If you don't pay me my money, I can't protect you from what might happen.
If you don't pay me, I'll post your photos on the Internet.
If you don't pay rent, the landlord will evict you.
If you don't pay the rent in five days, you'll be evicted.
If you don't pay up, you'll never see your brother again.
If you don't phone her now, you'll get a proper telling-off when you get home.
If you don't plan to be there, let us know.
If you don't plan to help, then stay home.
If you don't plant the seeds, they won't grow.
If you don't play honestly, I will stop playing with you.
If you don't practice Berber, you're not going to succeed at learning it.
If you don't practice a word at least once, you can't learn it.
If you don't practise at least a bit every day, you won't succeed.
If you don't pull up your pants, something will be showing that you don't want seen.
If you don't punctuate your chat messages, George will straight-up block you.
If you don't push a little bit harder through success, it won't come for you, you will end up being unsuccessful.
If you don't put on hand cream, your hands will get dry.
If you don't put some effort in, your successes won't happen overnight.
If you don't read the news, you're not informed. If you read the news, you're misinformed.
If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you're mis-informed.
If you don't receive a smile you were expecting, try giving a smile instead. That's because someone who forgot to give you a smile doesn't expect to get one from you instead.
If you don't redeem your gift card, the company won't necessarily get the full revenue from that gift card.
If you don't reduce consumer taxes, we've got no deal.
If you don't remind me, I'll forget.
If you don't remind me, I'll probably forget.
If you don't resolve to become a good man, then you just won't get a good woman.
If you don't respect your money, at least respect our poverty.
If you don't rest once in a while, you'll get sick.
If you don't ring her now, you'll get a right rollocking when you get home.
If you don't run, you'll be late.
If you don't say anything, you won't be called on to repeat it.
If you don't show fealty to the crown then your lands will be pillaged.
If you don't sleep soon, it'll be morning before you know it.
If you don't sleep, you'll die.
If you don't smoke a lot, good. If you don't smoke at all, even better.
If you don't smoke much, it will be better. If you don't smoke, it will be much better.
If you don't speak French, they won't understand you.
If you don't speak louder, they won't hear you.
If you don't speak up, he's not gonna hear you.
If you don't spread out your studying over the term, you'll have to cram in the final days before the test.
If you don't start a conflict, there won't be a conflict.
If you don't start at once, you will be late.
If you don't start behaving I'll have to ground you.
If you don't start treating people with a little more respect, people may start avoiding you like the plague.
If you don't stir the rice, it will burn.
If you don't stop crying, you'll have me crying, too.
If you don't stop harassing us, I'll have to call the police.
If you don't stop lying, you'll never become a journalist.
If you don't stop right now, I'm going to make you apologize to everyone in this restaurant!
If you don't stop shouting, I'll call security.
If you don't stop smiling, you'll get a kiss from me.
If you don't stop taking the drugs, you will die soon.
If you don't stop your addiction on playing, our water bill will increase.
If you don't stop, I swear I'm going to kick your ass.
If you don't stop, I'll tell Dad!
If you don't stop, I'll tell Mom!
If you don't stop, I'll tell Mom.
If you don't stop, I'll tell mom.
If you don't stop, I'll tell my Mom.
If you don't stop, I'll tell your mother.
If you don't study every day your Japanese won't improve.
If you don't study hard, you'll continue to get poor scores.
If you don't study harder, you'll definitely fail.
If you don't study harder, you'll fail for sure.
If you don't study you won't write or read.
If you don't study, you will fail the exam.
If you don't study, you won't get a good grade.
If you don't study, you won't learn.
If you don't study, you won't pass the exam.
If you don't study, you'll fail the exam.
If you don't take a break once in a while, you'll get sick.
If you don't take a vacation, you'll collapse.
If you don't take back what you said immediately, you will have to accept the consequences.
If you don't take care of me, I cannot take care of you.
If you don't take the kids, I won't be able to work.
If you don't talk louder, he won't be able to hear you.
If you don't talk to your cat about catnip, who will?
If you don't tell Tom what happened, I will.
If you don't tell Tom, I will.
If you don't tell Tom, then I will.
If you don't tell Tom, who will?
If you don't tell her, I will.
If you don't tell him, I will.
If you don't tell me what you've done, Tom will.
If you don't tell me what's going on right now, I think I'm going call the police.
If you don't tell me what's going on right now, I think I'm going to call the cops.
If you don't tell me what's going on right now, I think I'm gonna call the cops.
If you don't tell me what's going on right now, I think I'm gonna call the police.
If you don't tell me where you've been you never leave the house again.
If you don't tell me, I'll kill you.
If you don't tell them, I will.
If you don't tell us, we'll kill you.
If you don't think I'm hot, then why is your cock hard?
If you don't think of an excuse quickly, things will become awkward.
If you don't think that the party is going to be any fun, then I don't want to go.
If you don't think that the party is going to be any fun, why are you planning to go to it?
If you don't think the party is going to be any fun, then I don't want to go.
If you don't think the party is going to be any fun, why are you planning to go to it?
If you don't trust them, they won't trust you.
If you don't try, the doubt will stay with you forever.
If you don't try, you won't know whether you can do it or not.
If you don't turn off that alarm, I'm going to damage you.
If you don't understand a particular word in a sentence, ignore it. The translation will make perfect sense without it.
If you don't understand a question, just say so.
If you don't understand something, it's because you aren't aware of its context.
If you don't understand something, let me know.
If you don't understand something, you can always ask me.
If you don't understand something, you have to say so.
If you don't understand something, you need to ask.
If you don't understand the meaning of a word, look it up in the dictionary.
If you don't understand the meaning of the word, look it up in a dictionary.
If you don't understand what's going on, just say so.
If you don't understand, ask a question.
If you don't understand, ask.
If you don't understand, please raise your hand.
If you don't understand, you need to say so.
If you don't use a condom during sex, you can catch a disease.
If you don't use it, you lose it.
If you don't use this key, the door won't open.
If you don't walk faster, you'll be late for school.
If you don't walk quicker, you'll be late for school.
If you don't want Jews to live anywhere, you're just an antisemite.
If you don't want Mary here, ask her to leave.
If you don't want Muslims attacking random Jews in Russia, join in the condemnation of people who say "yel3an el yahood."
If you don't want Tom and Mary here, ask them to leave.
If you don't want Tom here, ask him to leave.
If you don't want any trouble, don't get involved with me.
If you don't want everybody else to know, don't tell Tom.
If you don't want everyone else to know, don't tell Tom.
If you don't want it, I'll eat it.
If you don't want it, don't eat it.
If you don't want it, give it to someone else.
If you don't want me here, just tell me.
If you don't want me to do this, I'll stop.
If you don't want me to go, I won't.
If you don't want me to stay here, I'll leave.
If you don't want people of a certain race, gender or sexuality to exist, you're inherently an authoritarian.
If you don't want people stealing from the self-checkout, you should hire workers.
If you don't want people to think you're stupid, you should stop saying stupid things.
If you don't want that book anymore, could I have it?
If you don't want them here, ask them to leave.
If you don't want this, I'll give it to someone else.
If you don't want to alienate people, you must be kind.
If you don't want to answer, you don't have to.
If you don't want to attend Tom's birthday party, you don't have to.
If you don't want to attend classes in the seminar on the topic "Fighting Corruption Inside the Enterprise", you can just pay 200 hryven' and receive the certificate.
If you don't want to attend the meeting, you don't have to.
If you don't want to be alone, I can keep you company.
If you don't want to be here, then leave.
If you don't want to be here, you can leave.
If you don't want to be here, you don't have to stay.
If you don't want to be late to school again, don't stay up so late.
If you don't want to be treated poorly, don't treat others poorly.
If you don't want to become a doctor, how about a medic?
If you don't want to become the scum of the earth, get angry!
If you don't want to bring that matter up, I'll try to understand you.
If you don't want to buy some unnecessary thing, don't go to the fair.
If you don't want to buy something you don't need, don't go to the fair.
If you don't want to change anything, you're going to lose what you'd like to keep, too.
If you don't want to come back, I'll understand.
If you don't want to come, you don't have to.
If you don't want to do it for Tom, do it at least for me.
If you don't want to do it for Tom, then do it for me.
If you don't want to do it yourself, you can ask Tom to do it.
If you don't want to do it, don't do it.
If you don't want to do it, don't!
If you don't want to do it, don't.
If you don't want to do it, it's OK.
If you don't want to do it, it's not a problem.
If you don't want to do it, that's OK.
If you don't want to do it, that's fine.
If you don't want to do it, then I will.
If you don't want to do it, then you don't have to do it.
If you don't want to do it, then you don't need to do it.
If you don't want to do it, why do it?
If you don't want to do it, you don't have to.
If you don't want to do it, you don't need to.
If you don't want to do something, don't do it.
If you don't want to do that for Tom, then do it for me.
If you don't want to do that, I'll ask Tom.
If you don't want to do that, I'll do it for you.
If you don't want to do that, don't.
If you don't want to do that, it's OK.
If you don't want to do that, that's OK.
If you don't want to do that, you don't have to, you know.
If you don't want to do that, you don't have to.
If you don't want to do that, you don't need to.
If you don't want to do this, just say so.
If you don't want to do this, you don't have to.
If you don't want to drive, I will.
If you don't want to eat potatoes, then sit hungry.
If you don't want to eat this, you don't have to.
If you don't want to fall off the cliff, don't stay near it.
If you don't want to follow the law, you'll have to get out of wherever the law applies.
If you don't want to follow the lessons from the study session on countering corruption in the enterprise, you can also pay 200 hryvnia and get the evidence just like that.
If you don't want to get hurt, then love and romance are not for you.
If you don't want to get into a mess, don't say anything bad about Tom and Mary.
If you don't want to get married, it would be better if you didn't get married.
If you don't want to get married, you don't have to.
If you don't want to get married, you shouldn't get married.
If you don't want to get sick, you should put on your sweater.
If you don't want to give a speech, you don't have to.
If you don't want to go there, then we won't go there.
If you don't want to go to Tom's birthday party, you don't have to.
If you don't want to go to that party, you don't have to.
If you don't want to go to the playoffs, neither do I.
If you don't want to go to the supermarket, I'll ask Tom.
If you don't want to go, fine.
If you don't want to go, just say so.
If you don't want to go, just tell Tom that you're not interested.
If you don't want to go, stay here.
If you don't want to go, then you don't have to.
If you don't want to go, you don't have to.
If you don't want to go, you don't need to.
If you don't want to have any more contact with Tom, that's fine with me.
If you don't want to have your own brain exploded and to find yourself with a half-empty brain, I'd advise you to take a step back.
If you don't want to help Tom, I will.
If you don't want to help me, it's OK.
If you don't want to help me, that's fine.
If you don't want to help me, you don't have to.
If you don't want to help, just say so.
If you don't want to hurt her feelings, you're going to have to bend the truth a little.
If you don't want to kiss your grandmother, you don't have to.
If you don't want to know, don't ask.
If you don't want to listen, cover your ears.
If you don't want to miss the train, you'd better hurry.
If you don't want to play along, so be it, I'll find someone else to convince.
If you don't want to put on sunscreen, that's your problem. Just don't come complaining to me when you get a sunburn.
If you don't want to read, don't.
If you don't want to read, then don't read.
If you don't want to read, then don't.
If you don't want to reply, you don't have to.
If you don't want to say anything, you don't have to.
If you don't want to sell this, we can sell something else.
If you don't want to sing, you don't have to.
If you don't want to speak, you don't have to answer.
If you don't want to stay alone, I can keep you company.
If you don't want to stay, then leave.
If you don't want to stay, then you may leave.
If you don't want to stay, you don't have to.
If you don't want to suffer, don't wear your heart on your sleeve.
If you don't want to support slavery, buy fair trade products.
If you don't want to talk about it now, we can talk about it later.
If you don't want to talk about it, no one's forcing you, of course.
If you don't want to talk about it, that's OK.
If you don't want to talk about it, that's fine.
If you don't want to talk about it, that's okay.
If you don't want to talk about it, then of course, no one's forcing you.
If you don't want to talk about it, you don't have to.
If you don't want to talk to me, that's OK.
If you don't want to talk to me, that's fine.
If you don't want to talk to me, you don't have to.
If you don't want to talk, you don't have to.
If you don't want to tell me about it, it's OK.
If you don't want to tell me about it, you don't have to.
If you don't want to tell me, it's not a problem.
If you don't want to tell me, that's OK.
If you don't want to tell me, that's fine.
If you don't want to understand this, you're very narrow-minded.
If you don't want to, we will find someone else.
If you don't want trouble, avoid dangerous situations.
If you don't want us to get in Tom's way, we won't.
If you don't want your baby to be born with any lung problems, stop smoking. Take my advice.
If you don't want your kid to talk about you beating them, don't beat them.
If you don't want your old bicycle, you can always give it away.
If you don't want your sentences being commented on, just don't write them !
If you don't want your sentences being commented on, just don't write them!
If you don't warm up, you might get hurt.
If you don't wash away the acid quickly, it will etch its way into the metal.
If you don't wash your hand before working, you'll contaminate the samples.
If you don't watch out, you'll soon fall in the water.
If you don't water the plants, they will wither.
If you don't wear clothes, you'll catch a cold, you know?
If you don't wear protective clothing, the sharp leaves will lacerate your skin.
If you don't wear warm clothes in winter, it wouldn't be surprising if you caught a bad cold.
If you don't work hard, you won't succeed in life. That's just how it goes.
If you don't work, you can't eat.
If you don't work, you don't eat.
If you don't work, you shouldn't eat.
If you don't write me back, I'll start thinking you don't want to know me.
If you don't yet know any songs in French, you should learn a few.
If you don't yet know how to swim, you should learn.
If you don't, we'll have to do it ourselves.
If you donate an organ, you could save a life.
If you donate an organ, you'll be able to save a life.
If you donate money to a charity or volunteer to help people in need, you can call your good deeds philanthropy.
If you donate money, I will, too.
If you don’t believe me, go and see for yourself.
If you don’t believe me, go and see it for yourself.
If you don’t clean your room, you won’t even have a place to stand, don’t you think?
If you don’t do more exercise, you’ll be unhealthy.
If you don’t do your duty, people will look down on you.
If you don’t eat, you die.
If you don’t eat, you’ll die.
If you don’t finish your plate in three minutes, you won’t get dessert.
If you don’t get more exercise, you’ll get fat.
If you don’t get the punch line, I’m sorry.
If you don’t get your act together you won’t graduate from high school.
If you don’t go skiing, I won’t, either.
If you don’t go, I will not go either.
If you don’t go, I won’t, either.
If you don’t have a pen, use a pencil.
If you don’t have an accident on the snowy roads I think you should be able to get back safely.
If you don’t have anything nice to say, don’t say anything at all.
If you don’t have anything to do, look at the ceiling of your room.
If you don’t have anything to say, don’t say anything.
If you don’t have anything to say, say nothing.
If you don’t have money, you have to do without.
If you don’t hurry, you’ll miss the train.
If you don’t keep the silverware polished, it’ll lose its luster.
If you don’t keep your promises, people won’t take you seriously.
If you don’t know anything about computers, you’re really behind the times.
If you don’t know the answers, guess.
If you don’t know the meaning of a word, look it up in a dictionary.
If you don’t know the meaning of the word, you have to look it up in the dictionary.
If you don’t know the way, ask a policeman.
If you don’t know what the word means, look it up in the dictionary.
If you don’t know what your goal is, you’ll never be able to achieve it.
If you don’t know, you had better ask around.
If you don’t like it then you can leave.
If you don’t like it then you can quit.
If you don’t like the service, don’t leave a tip.
If you don’t listen to us, we will have to resort to coercion.
If you don’t look out, you will get into trouble.
If you don’t love me like you used to, why are you still here?
If you don’t make it back in time for the meeting, I’ll kill you.
If you don’t make the promise, then I’ll just stand by and watch.
If you don’t mind my asking, why did you go out yesterday?
If you don’t mind, may we inspect your suitcase?
If you don’t read the newspaper, you’re uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you’re mis-informed.
If you don’t receive an email, please make sure you’ve entered the address you registered with, and check your spam folder.
If you don’t resolve to become a good man, then you just won’t get a good woman.
If you don’t start at once, you will be late.
If you don’t start behaving I’ll have to ground you.
If you don’t start treating people with a little more respect, people may start avoiding you like the plague.
If you don’t study hard, you’ll continue to get poor scores.
If you don’t study harder, you’ll definitely fail.
If you don’t study harder, you’ll fail for sure.
If you don’t study, you will fail the exam.
If you don’t take a vacation, you’ll collapse.
If you don’t understand something, it’s because you aren’t aware of its context.
If you don’t understand, ask a question.
If you don’t understand, ask.
If you don’t want to attend classes in the seminar on the topic "Fighting Corruption Inside the Enterprise", you can just pay 200 hryven’ and receive the certificate.
If you don’t want to go to that party, you don’t have to.
If you don’t want to go, you don’t need to.
If you don’t want to hurt her feelings you’re going to have to bend the truth a little.
If you don’t want to put on sunscreen, that’s your problem. Just don’t come complaining to me when you get a sunburn.
If you don’t want to stay alone, I can keep you company.
If you don’t want to, I can find someone else.
If you don’t watch out, you’ll soon fall in the water.
If you don’t water the plants, they will wither.
If you don’t wear warm clothes in winter, it wouldn’t be surprising if you caught a bad cold.
If you doubt what you see, how can you say what you say?
If you draw a line directly, Tom's house within 100 meters just across the river. But when you actually try and go, it's about a 1 kilometre distance to the bridge, so it takes 20 minutes by foot to get there.
If you dream of eating carrots, does your eyesight improve?
If you dream of starting your own business, but sit, enjoy yourself and don't do anything in that direction, you will not achieve anything.
If you dress like that at your age, you'll make a fool of yourself.
If you dress like that at your age, you’ll make a fool of yourself.
If you drink and drive, you can wind up in jail.
If you drink and drive, you're a bloody idiot.
If you drink hot milk before you go to bed, it will help you fall asleep.
If you drink instant coffee you do not need a coffee pot.
If you drink it, you could get sick.
If you drink like a fish, you may get alcohol poisoning.
If you drink on an empty stomach, you'll get drunk faster.
If you drink some tea, you won't be thirsty.
If you drink that, you might get sick.
If you drink the water, follow the custom.
If you drink this, you'll feel better.
If you drink too many cold beverages you'll get an upset stomach.
If you drink warm milk before you go to bed, it'll help you fall asleep.
If you drink, do so responsibly.
If you drink, don't drive.
If you drink, don't drive. If you drive, don't drink.
If you drive a car like that, you'll end up in the hospital.
If you drive a car like that, you’ll end up in the hospital.
If you drive at night, you should watch out for drunk drivers.
If you drive carefully you'll avoid accidents.
If you drive carelessly, you will miss your turn.
If you drive while tired, you run the risk of falling asleep at the wheel and causing an accident.
If you drive with anything less than extreme caution, you're risking your life.
If you drive with anything less than extreme caution, you’re risking your life.
If you drive your car like that, you'll end up in hospital.
If you drive your car like that, you’ll end up in hospital.
If you drive, don't drink.
If you drive, don’t drink.
If you drop it, I'll take it out of your wage.
If you drop that vase, I'll take it out of your wage.
If you eat a light lunch, you're likely to avoid a mid-afternoon energy slump.
If you eat a lot, you will get fat.
If you eat a lot, you'll eventually get fat.
If you eat a lot, you're going to get pains in your stomach.
If you eat a spoonful of sugar or a small piece of whole wheat bread, it seems that the bread would be less detrimental.
If you eat all of that dessert, you'll be like a nuclear plant at night in bed.
If you eat any cake, I'll whip you.
If you eat any cake, I’ll whip you.
If you eat any more dried mango, you will certainly have a stomach ache later.
If you eat at this time of day, you'll get fat.
If you eat at this time of night, you'll get fat.
If you eat from a smaller plate, it'll look like you're eating more food than you really are.
If you eat it every day like this, then you become tired even of sashimi.
If you eat my lunch, you will suffer an unexpected fatal accident tomorrow.
If you eat nothing but ice cream, you'll get a stomachache.
If you eat one of those, I will, too.
If you eat only Big Macs for one year, will it be no problem?
If you eat pork, it should run down your chin.
If you eat shaved ice very fast you will get brain freeze.
If you eat so hurriedly your throat will get blocked.
If you eat so much, you'll get sick.
If you eat so much, you’ll get sick.
If you eat something and nobody sees you eat it, it has no calories.
If you eat stuff like potato chips in the middle of the night, you'll get fat.
If you eat that much, you'll get a stomachache.
If you eat that much, you'll get fat.
If you eat that much, you'll get sick.
If you eat that much, you'll have a stomachache.
If you eat that you will die.
If you eat that, Tom will be angry.
If you eat that, you'll die.
If you eat the brains of an animal, you will dream you are an animal of that type.
If you eat the fruit, you'll become immortal.
If you eat this you'll fart a lot.
If you eat this, I'll eat it, too.
If you eat this, then I'll eat it, too.
If you eat three meals a day, your body will find the energy it needs.
If you eat three square meals a day, your body will have the energy it needs.
If you eat too many pears and persimmons you can become sick, so be cautious to not eat too much.
If you eat too much of this food, you may get a sore throat.
If you eat too much, you will get fat.
If you eat too much, you'll become fat.
If you eat too much, you'll get fat.
If you eat too much, you'll get sick.
If you eat too much, you’ll become fat.
If you eat unripe fruit, I'll tell you ten to one that you'll get sick.
If you eat well, exercise and drink lots of water daily, you'll still die someday.
If you eat well, you're likely to live longer.
If you eat with someone you like, everything is delicious, if you eat with someone you don't like, everything is nasty. If you eat alone, you can't taste anything at all.
If you eat your vegetables, you can have ice cream for dessert.
If you enable Berserk mode, your character cannot be knocked down or killed.
If you enable debug mode in the game, you can even use cheat codes in it.
If you encounter an internet troll don’t attack them, defend the victim of the attack.
If you encounter that man, please inform me immediately.
If you endeavour, fate will favour you.
If you engage in espionage for a foreign power, you are selling your country down the river.
If you enjoy it you win.
If you enjoy the work you do, you have something worth more than money.
If you enjoy your weekend, you can work harder.
If you enjoyed studying Russian, you will certainly enjoy Polish too.
If you enjoyed this video, be sure to like and subscribe.
If you enjoyed this video, make sure you hit the like button.
If you enjoyed this, please give a click on the vote link!
If you enter an incorrect password three times, you'll be locked out.
If you enter the wrong password three times, you'll be blocked.
If you equip an item marked 'Cursed', you will gain the 'cursed' status effect.
If you even dream of beating me, you'd better wake up and apologize.
If you ever come back to me, I'll never treat you badly again.
If you ever come back to me, I’ll never treat you badly again.
If you ever come here again, I'll call the police.
If you ever come to Australia, you're welcome to stay with us.
If you ever come to Boston, you're welcome to stay with us.
If you ever come to town, come see me.
If you ever come to town, come to see me.
If you ever dare cross me again, you'll regret it!
If you ever decide to sell your old record collection, I want first dibs!
If you ever do anything to hurt Tom, I'll kill you.
If you ever do anything to hurt Tom, I’ll kill you.
If you ever do come to Boston, definitely give me a call.
If you ever do that again, I'll kill you.
If you ever do that again, Tom will be very angry.
If you ever do that again, be careful!
If you ever feel like doing that, go ahead and do it.
If you ever feel like doing that, just go ahead and do it.
If you ever find out what happened here, let me know.
If you ever find out what happened to Tom, let me know.
If you ever find out what happened, let me know.
If you ever find out, let me know.
If you ever get in trouble, I will help you.
If you ever get into a jam, let me know. I'll do whatever I can for you.
If you ever get the chance to do that, do it.
If you ever get the chance to do that, try doing it.
If you ever go to Japan, please visit my hometown.
If you ever go to Taiwan, you need to try the stinky tofu.
If you ever have any problem with Tom, I'll help you out.
If you ever hurt Tom, I'm going to hurt you.
If you ever need a helping hand, just call.
If you ever need a job, come see me.
If you ever need a job, go see Tom.
If you ever need anyone to talk to, feel free to call me.
If you ever need anything, just call.
If you ever need help, let me know.
If you ever need me, all you have to do is ask.
If you ever need my help, just let me know.
If you ever need someone to talk to or a shoulder to lean on, I'm here.
If you ever need someone to talk to, I'm a message away!
If you ever need someone to talk to, I'm here.
If you ever need us, we'll be there.
If you ever plan on doing that again, let me know.
If you ever plan to do that again, let me know.
If you ever saw the slums in the poor countries, you would feel that you're really not so poor. Those slum dwellers are human, too.
If you ever touch her again, I'll kill you.
If you ever touch me again, I'll kill you.
If you ever touch on her again, I'll rip your junk off and make you eat it.
If you ever want to catch a garter snake as a pet, bring it to the vet.
If you ever want to get better, you have to take this medicine.
If you ever wanted to write, this is your opportunity.
If you exercise during the height of summer, you'll be dripping sweat like a waterfall.
If you exercise for an hour every day, you will lose weight.
If you exist, please give me a sign.
If you expect disappointment, then you can never really be disappointed.
If you expect to be thanked, go to the king!
If you experience any of the following symptoms while playing a video game - dizziness, altered vision, eye or muscle twitches, loss of awareness, disorientation, any involuntary movement, or convulsions - immediately discontinue use and consult your physician before resuming play.
If you explain everything in medical jargon, it's impossible that everyone understands immediately.
If you explain it, Tom ought to understand it.
If you exploit workers, you will be castrated.
If you face north, the east is on your right.
If you fail this class, you won't be able to graduate.
If you fail this class, you'll have to take it again next year.
If you fail to plan, you plan to fail.
If you fail, don't get discouraged.
If you fail, try again!
If you fail, you can always ask for his help.
If you fail, you can still claim you tried.
If you fail, you will forget everything and return to the start once again!
If you fall from the staircase, you'll quickly end up on the floor.
If you fall into a well, what is speed worth?
If you fall into the water, you should strip off all wet clothes.
If you fall off that bridge, it'll be almost impossible to rescue you.
If you fall there, your bottom will be flattened.
If you feed stray cats, they'll keep coming back.
If you feed the wildlife, it could lose its fear of humans, which would endanger it.
If you feed those cats, they'll keep coming back.
If you feed your dog properly, you can increase his lifespan.
If you feel a tremor near the coast, evacuate immediately to high ground or another safe location.
If you feel any pain, stop the activity.
If you feel demotivated, I know a book that could help you.
If you feel dizzy or sick, let me know immediately.
If you feel hungry, eat.
If you feel it isn't serving you anymore, just change it. It's no good to be stuck in the same mindset for too long.
If you feel like crying, you should cry to your heart's content.
If you feel like doing it, do it!
If you feel like doing it, do it.
If you feel like it, read "Ningen Shikkaku".
If you feel like leaving, then leave.
If you feel lonely, you are lonely.
If you feel sick, you have to vomit?
If you feel sleepy, take a nap.
If you feel that someone doesn't want to get interested in what you have to say, just let it slide and don't force them into listening you.
If you feel there are several possible translations, note that for the same sentence, you can add several translations in the same language.
If you feel there are several possible translations, you can add several translations in the same language.
If you feel threatened, don't hesitate to come to my house.
If you feel tired or cold, let me know immediately.
If you feel tired or out of breath, take a break from swimming.
If you feel uncomfortable, come back home right away.
If you feel unsafe in your car while people are hitting the windshield with hammers you can drive through the crowd.
If you figure it out, let me know.
If you finally calm down, I could comb your hair.
If you find 30 euros in the drawer, it's because I had too many bills and left them with you.
If you find Tom there, let us know.
If you find Tom, please let me know.
If you find a bad wife and get married to her, then it will certainly be difficult to be happy later.
If you find a job you really love, you'll never work again.
If you find a mistake, but it's "owned" by another user, then leave a comment telling the "owner" how it can be corrected.
If you find a mistake, please leave a comment.
If you find a mistake, please let me know right away.
If you find an interesting book, please buy it for me.
If you find any mistakes, correct them.
If you find any mistakes, please leave a comment.
If you find any puppies, bring them to me.
If you find haters annoying, imagine how annoying they find you.
If you find it hard to memorize advanced guitar chords, you can use a capo and play the common chords in other keys.
If you find it hard to wake up in the morning, then set your ringtone as your alarm. Then it will seem to you that you are being called.
If you find money on the street, you should take it to your local police department.
If you find my wallet, please call me.
If you find one, let me know.
If you find out anything, call me.
If you find the man, please let me know at once.
If you find them boring, you don't have to do it.
If you find them overwhelming, set them aside!
If you find things that are absolute nonsense or are not sentences, you can leave a comment alerting moderators that perhaps the item should be deleted.
If you find you still remember.
If you find yourself craving junk food, then pick a healthy alternative.
If you find yourself in a hole, stop digging.
If you find yourself in near my house, drop by for a visit.
If you find yourself in quicksand you'll sink more slowly if you don't move.
If you find yourself in quicksand you’ll sink more slowly if you don’t move.
If you find yourself trapped by a bear in the forest, your best bet is to drop to the ground and play dead.
If you finish Mary's companion quest, you will be rewarded with a sex scene.
If you finish your homework, you can watch TV.
If you fire Tom, I will quit here.
If you flatter him, he'll do anything.
If you flatter him, he’ll do anything.
If you flee this battle, you will lose some gold.
If you float a one yen coin on water and move a magnet slowly towards it then the coin will approach the magnet.
If you flunk this exam, you'll have to repeat the course.
If you flunk this exam, you’ll have to repeat the course.
If you fly Air France, you will eat well.
If you focus on the lyrics of the song, you realize that they barely make sense, right?
If you focus on the smoke, heavy fire damage is likely.
If you follow Tom's instructions, nothing can happen to you.
If you follow me, I'll shoot.
If you follow me, I'll show you the way to the hospital.
If you follow me, I’ll show you the way to the hospital.
If you follow my advice, I promise you that you will become fluent in Berber.
If you follow my advice, you will have no trouble.
If you follow this street, you will get to the station.
If you follow this street, you'll come to the station.
If you follow this weight loss plan, it's guaranteed to work.
If you forget I will remind you.
If you forget to take your pills for one day, take two pills the following day.
If you forgive those who sin against you, your heavenly Father will forgive you. But if you refuse to forgive others, your Father will not forgive your sins.
If you found a mistake please leave a comment.
If you found it, it is yours. Finders keepers.
If you found some money, what would you do?
If you found this video helpful, please give it a like.
If you frequently spit-up blood you should call an ambulance or have a nearby physician make a house call.
If you fuck with me again, you'll be arrested.
If you fuck with me, you'll find out what happens.
If you fuck with us, you'll find out what happens.
If you gamble on the stock market, you are an investor... If you gamble on the derivatives market, you are a trader... If you gamble at the casino, you are a loser... Morality?
If you gave any questions regarding our activity, or if you want to receive comments from a professional, ask your questions by filling out the form below.
If you gave him another chance, he'd do his best.
If you gave me a ride, it would save me a walk.
If you get a California king bed, duvet covers become more expensive.
If you get a chance to work with Tom, you should.
If you get a good idea, you should implement it quickly.
If you get a smartphone, you should download Skype. Telephone bills are such a waste of money.
If you get an A on tomorrow's French test, I'll bake you a cake.
If you get another speeding ticket within one year, your license will be suspended.
If you get bit by a rabid dog, you'll need a tetanus shot.
If you get bit by a rabid dog, you’ll need a tetanus shot.
If you get bored, open a book!
If you get bored, read one of the books Tom gave you.
If you get caught here, you'll get three days in nick, no ifs or buts.
If you get enough rest every night, you'll feel much better.
If you get enough rest every night, you’ll feel much better.
If you get good grades at school, I'll let you go to Boston next summer.
If you get hungry, have something to eat.
If you get hungry, there's food in the fridge.
If you get into any form of public transport and there are men around, they feel free to grope you, rub against you.
If you get into difficulties, don't hesitate to ask for advice.
If you get into difficulties, don’t hesitate to ask for advice.
If you get into the habit of braking slowly, your brakes will last longer.
If you get invited to your first orgy, don't just show up naked.
If you get invited to your first orgy, don’t just show up naked.
If you get involved for me today, it will be my turn tomorrow.
If you get late, you'll lose 3 points.
If you get lost in a crowd, I'll search for you.
If you get lost in the street, ask a policeman.
If you get married, you'll likely have less free time.
If you get nearer, you're dead!
If you get one step closer to me, i'll get you gone from the face of the Earth.
If you get paid, it isn't charity; you're just doing your job.
If you get scared during the night, just turn on your light.
