No one knows the inside story.
No one knows the real reason why we love dogs.
No one knows the real reason.
No one knows the reason for that.
No one knows the reason.
No one knows the tactics they'll employ.
No one knows their name.
No one knows their own native language deeply.
No one knows them, since they’re all anonymous.
No one knows this better than Tom.
No one knows this yet.
No one knows we're cousins.
No one knows we're here.
No one knows what Tom looks like.
No one knows what Tom said to Mary.
No one knows what awaits Boldi in the future.
No one knows what became of Ziri and his wife.
No one knows what caused that to happen.
No one knows what causes some children to develop superpowers.
No one knows what happened at that time.
No one knows what happened except me.
No one knows what happened that day.
No one knows what happened then.
No one knows what happened to Tom.
No one knows what happened.
No one knows what has become of her.
No one knows what has happened to him.
No one knows what is written in their destiny.
No one knows what it is.
No one knows what really happens.
No one knows what she was thinking when she walked away.
No one knows what tactics he will employ.
No one knows what tactics she'll employ.
No one knows what tactics they'll employ.
No one knows what that is.
No one knows what the future has in store for us.
No one knows what the future holds.
No one knows what the future holds. That's why the possibilities are endless.
No one knows what the future will bring.
No one knows what the outcome will be.
No one knows what they're doing.
No one knows what this cost me.
No one knows what to do.
No one knows what to say.
No one knows what tomorrow has in store.
No one knows what tomorrow holds.
No one knows what tomorrow will bring.
No one knows what will come of it.
No one knows what will happen in the 1990's.
No one knows what will happen in the 1990’s.
No one knows what will happen in the future.
No one knows what will happen next.
No one knows what will happen tomorrow.
No one knows what will strike one tomorrow.
No one knows what'll happen in the future.
No one knows what'll happen next.
No one knows what'll happen tomorrow.
No one knows what'll happen.
No one knows what's become of Tom.
No one knows what's going on.
No one knows what's going to happen.
No one knows what's happened to Tom.
No one knows what's really going on.
No one knows what's right.
No one knows when Tom will be here.
No one knows when a severe earthquake will strike Tokyo.
No one knows when such a custom came into existence.
No one knows when such a custom first came into existence.
No one knows when that's going to happen.
No one knows when the Earth came into being.
No one knows when this custom came into existence.
No one knows when this will stop.
No one knows where Tom and Mary are.
No one knows where Tom and Mary have gone.
No one knows where Tom has gone.
No one knows where Tom is.
No one knows where Tom lives now.
No one knows where Tom's gone.
No one knows where Vanuatu is, that's why I want to be there, to be calm.
No one knows where Yanni is.
No one knows where he is.
No one knows where he lives.
No one knows where he'll be tomorrow, not even he himself.
No one knows where it is.
No one knows where she gets the means for a comfortable existence.
No one knows where she is.
No one knows where that dog came from.
No one knows where to go.
No one knows where we are.
No one knows whether Mothman is real, but his legend certainly is.
No one knows whether Mothman is real.
No one knows whether he loves her or not.
No one knows whether his love for his sister was sexual or brotherly.
No one knows whether there will be a war in the Middle East.
No one knows who Matthew's father is.
No one knows who Tom Jackson was or why he came to Boston that night.
No one knows who designed the first “official” American flag. Some historians believe it was New Jersey Congressman Francis Hopkinson.
No one knows who did it.
No one knows who did that.
No one knows who fired the first shot.
No one knows who he really is.
No one knows who invented the toaster oven.
No one knows who killed Tom.
No one knows who that man is.
No one knows who threw the first punch.
No one knows who wrote this.
No one knows who'll win the next race.
No one knows who's in charge here.
No one knows who's in charge.
No one knows who's responsible.
No one knows whose corpse that was nor where it came from.
No one knows why Tom agreed to do that.
No one knows why Tom and Mary are scared.
No one knows why Tom and Mary haven't done that.
No one knows why Tom did it.
No one knows why Tom did that.
No one knows why Tom did this.
No one knows why Tom didn't do that.
No one knows why Tom didn't want to do that.
No one knows why Tom hasn't done that.
No one knows why Tom is scared.
No one knows why Tom left the city.
No one knows why Tom wanted to do that.
No one knows why he escaped.
No one knows why that happened.
No one knows why the windshield cracked.
No one knows why this happens.
No one knows why this is happening.
No one knows why this particular room exists.
No one knows why we were left waiting.
No one knows why we were there.
No one knows why.
No one knows yet.
No one knows you're here, so don't worry.
No one knows you're here.
No one knows you're in Australia.
No one knows you're my cousin.
No one knows your secret.
No one knows your secrets.
No one knows, and no one cares.
No one knows.
No one laughed at Tom's joke.
No one laughed at Tom's jokes.
No one laughed at Tom’s jokes.
No one laughed at any of Tom's jokes.
No one laughed at my little accident and everyone seemed a little sad.
No one laughed.
No one laughs at Tom's jokes.
No one left at home.
No one left.
No one lets a robber in their house.
No one lets a thief in their own home.
No one lets me have fun anymore.
No one lies on the Internet. Trust me; I'm a professional lie detector.
No one liked President Buchanan's message to Congress.
No one liked President Buchanan’s message to Congress.
No one liked Tom and me.
No one liked Tom, except Mary.
No one likes Tom and me.
No one likes Tom because he's a liar.
No one likes Tom very much.
No one likes Tom.
No one likes Ziri.
No one likes a braggart.
No one likes a clever clogs.
No one likes a know-all.
No one likes a know-it-all.
No one likes being called an idiot.
No one likes being called stupid.
No one likes being lied to.
No one likes being punished.
No one likes being thought a fool.
No one likes being yelled at.
No one likes cleaning poop.
No one likes doing laundry.
No one likes doing that.
No one likes doing the washing.
No one likes hearing these words.
No one likes her.
No one likes him because he is a liar.
No one likes him on account of his arrogance.
No one likes him.
No one likes it.
No one likes looking at poop.
No one likes losing their hair.
No one likes losing.
No one likes me in the company; I know that well.
No one likes me.
No one likes seeing poop on the sidewalk.
No one likes seeing poop on the street.
No one likes smelling poop.
No one likes stepping on poop.
No one likes that.
No one likes the loser.
No one likes them.
No one likes this idea.
No one likes this.
No one likes to be called an idiot.
No one likes to be called stupid.
No one likes to be defeated.
No one likes to be kept waiting.
No one likes to be lied to.
No one likes to be poor, not only Tom.
No one likes to be talked about behind their back.
No one likes to do that.
No one likes to eat a burnt barbecue!
No one likes to feel used or taken advantage of.
No one likes to hear his or her own work criticized.
No one likes to hear their work criticised.
No one likes to lose.
No one likes to make mistakes.
No one likes to reprimand students for poor behavior, but it comes with the territory when you're a teacher.
No one likes touching poop.
No one likes us.
No one likes war.
No one likes you!
No one likes you.
No one listened to Tom.
No one listened to him.
No one listened to me.
No one listened to the speech.
No one listened to them.
No one listened to us.
No one listened to you.
No one listened.
No one listens anymore.
No one listens to Tom.
No one listens to anyone.
No one listens to me when I talk.
No one listens to me.
No one listens to you.
No one lived on the island at that time.
No one lives forever.
No one lives here any more.
No one lives here anymore.
No one lives here.
No one lives in that building anymore.
No one lives in that building.
No one lives in that house anymore.
No one lives in that house now.
No one lives in that house.
No one lives in that house; the giant skeletons guard it year-round.
No one lives in the apartment next door.
No one lives in the neighbouring house.
No one lives in this building.
No one lives in this house anymore.
No one lives in this house.
No one lives in this house. Everyone is dead.
No one lives there.
No one lives to be two hundred years old.
No one lives to the age of two hundred.
No one locks their doors around here.
No one looked at it.
No one looks busy.
No one looks happy.
No one lost anything.
No one lost.
No one loves Trump.
No one loves her.
No one loves him.
No one loves me.
No one loves them.
No one loves us.
No one loves war.
No one loves you as much as I do.
No one loves you like I do.
No one loves you, Mary.
No one loves you, Tom.
No one loves you.
No one made a sound.
No one made it across the river.
No one made it today.
No one made you do anything.
No one makes chicken soup like my mother.
No one makes me feel like you do.
No one makes me feel the way you do.
No one makes these any more.
No one makes these anymore.
No one man can answer what's the meaning of life; this question stands before all mankind.
No one man could do it.
No one man could do that.
No one managed to cross the river.
No one managed to get across the river.
No one managed to keep from laughing.
No one managed to kill Hitler.
No one matures without growing pains.
No one may be compelled to belong to an association.
No one may be questioned about his opinions, and the same for religious opinions, provided that their manifestation does not trouble the public order established by the law.
No one may enter the building; it could collapse at any moment.
No one may ever know the answer.
No one met me.
No one met us.
No one minds being interrupted by applause.
No one missed the meeting.
No one misses you.
No one moved.
No one named Michael worked on that ship.
No one named Tom Jackson has been reported missing.
No one nation, no matter how large or powerful, can defeat such challenges alone.
No one needs a horse here.
No one needs me.
No one needs this sentence.
No one needs this war.
No one needs to go through this.
No one needs to trust in the Divine Being, who made the world, created us and does everything. It is more than certain: everything is in God's hands.
No one needs you.
No one noticed Adriano.
No one noticed Robert.
No one noticed Tom's absence.
No one noticed Tom.
No one noticed Ziri's absence.
No one noticed Ziri's weird speaking.
No one noticed her absence until the end of the meeting.
No one noticed her absence until the meeting ended.
No one noticed her.
No one noticed him.
No one noticed it, not even her mother.
No one noticed it, not even his mother.
No one noticed me.
No one noticed my new haircut.
No one noticed that Tom and Mary weren't at the party.
No one noticed that Tom and Mary weren't there.
No one noticed that Tom and Mary weren't wearing shoes.
No one noticed that Tom wasn't at the party.
No one noticed that Tom wasn't there.
No one noticed that Tom wasn't wearing shoes.
No one noticed that the picture was hung upside down.
No one noticed that you weren't there.
No one noticed that.
No one noticed the bear's appearance.
No one noticed the bear’s appearance.
No one noticed the picture was hung upside down.
No one noticed them.
No one noticed this.
No one noticed till it was too late.
No one noticed us.
No one noticed what was going on.
No one noticed what was happening.
No one noticed you.
No one noticed your absence.
No one noticed, not even her mother.
No one noticed, not even his mother.
No one noticed.
No one objected.
No one of the Greeks was better in battles than Achilles.
No one of us can cut himself off from the body of the community to which he belongs.
No one of us is immortal.
No one offered Ziri even a tiny role.
No one offered to help me.
No one on Earth is qualified to be a parent.
No one on board the sinking ship could swim.
No one on either side was killed.
No one on the bus that was involved in the accident was hurt.
No one on the roster speaks French.
No one opened an eye.
No one opposed the choice.
No one orders me around.
No one other than Tom can do that.
No one other than Tom was hurt.
No one other than you and me know about this place.
No one other than you knows how to make such a tasty salad.
No one over the age of thirty doesn't have a broken heart, and everyone has a sob story.
No one owes anybody anything.
No one owes me anything.
No one owes you anything.
No one paid any attention to Tom.
No one paid any attention to Ziri and his gang.
No one panicked.
No one passed by the road.
No one passed me.
No one pays any attention to me.
No one pays attention in class.
No one pays attention to Tom.
No one pays attention to anything Tom says anymore.
No one pays attention to her.
No one pays attention to him.
No one pays attention to me.
No one pays attention to the dress code.
No one pays attention to them.
No one pays attention to us.
No one person should have all the answers.
No one phoned Rosie.
No one phoned her.
No one phoned him.
No one phoned them.
No one phoned.
No one plans to build a wall.
No one predicted the swift collapse of the regime.
No one pronounces the word that way.
No one provokes me unpunished.
No one punished the US for destroying Afghanistan, Iraq, and Libya to the ground.
No one questioned anything.
No one raised their hand.
No one ran ahead of him.
No one ran into him all week.
No one ran.
No one rang Rosie.
No one rang her.
No one rang him.
No one rang them.
No one rang.
No one reads in the library.
No one reads long texts.
No one reads my blog.
No one reads or comments on Maya's Arabic posts.
No one reads the texts anyway.
No one reads the texts.
No one reads those texts anyway.
No one reads those texts.
No one realized Tom and Mary were in pain.
No one realized Tom was in danger.
No one realized Tom was in pain.
No one realized that Tom and Mary were in pain.
No one realized that Tom was in danger.
No one realized that Tom was in pain.
No one really cares what Tom does.
No one really cares what Tom thinks.
No one really cares what we do.
No one really cares what you do.
No one really cares what you have to say.
No one really cares what you look like when you dance.
No one really cares what you think.
No one really cares.
No one really knows if that was the reason.
No one really knows what a UFO is like.
No one really knows what a UFO looks like.
No one really knows what happened that winter night.
No one really knows what happened.
No one really knows what happens when we sleep.
No one really knows what's going on.
No one really knows what's up with ear hair.
No one really knows where Tom Jackson was born.
No one really knows.
No one really seemed to know who lived there.
No one really understands the grief or joy of another.
No one really understood what Tom meant.
No one really wanted to believe Michael's story.
No one really wanted to talk to Ziri.
No one received enough votes to win the nomination.
No one recognized Tom's genius while he was alive.
No one recognized Tom.
No one recognized me.
No one recognized you.
No one remembered Tom.
No one remembered my birthday.
No one remembered that today was my birthday.
No one remembered today was my birthday.
No one remembered what Tom had done.
No one remembered where Tom lived.
No one remembered where we'd parked our car.
No one remembers Bill's Hungarian name.
No one remembers how it all began.
No one remembers how it all started.
No one remembers what has happened in the past, and no one in days to come will remember what happens between now and then.
No one remembers when it began.
No one remembers when it started.
No one replied to the question.
No one replied.
No one respected men like him.
No one respectfully bowed towards him.
No one respects Tom more than I do.
No one respects anyone who respects everyone but him or herself.
No one respects me.
No one respects men like Tom.
No one respects you.
No one responded.
No one robs them of it.
No one robs you of it.
No one said a thing.
No one said a word.
No one said anything about politics.
No one said anything about that.
No one said anything like that.
No one said anything to me about that.
No one said anything to me.
No one said anything to us.
No one said anything.
No one said doing that would be easy.
No one said it was a diamond.
No one said it would be easy to do that.
No one said it would be easy.
No one said life was fair.
No one said self-control was easy.
No one said self-discipline was easy.
No one said that life was fair.
No one said that self-control was easy.
No one said that self-discipline was easy.
No one said that.
No one said this would work.
No one sat at the back.
No one sat in the back.
No one sat next to me.
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
No one saw Tom and Mary do that.
No one saw Tom and me.
No one saw Tom come in.
No one saw Tom do it.
No one saw Tom do that.
No one saw Tom do this.
No one saw Tom enter or leave.
No one saw Tom fall.
No one saw Tom laugh.
No one saw Tom leave the building.
No one saw Tom leave the place.
No one saw Tom leave.
No one saw Tom leaving.
No one saw Tom smile.
No one saw Tom stealing the book.
No one saw Tom take it.
No one saw Tom.
No one saw a thing.
No one saw anything wrong with this.
No one saw anything.
No one saw her leave.
No one saw her take it.
No one saw her when she left.
No one saw him take it.
No one saw him when he left.
No one saw him.
No one saw it coming.
No one saw me take it.
No one saw me.
No one saw or heard anything.
No one saw that.
No one saw them take it.
No one saw this coming.
No one saw us take it.
No one saw us, I hope.
No one saw us.
No one saw you do it.
No one saw you leave the room.
No one saw you take it.
No one saw you, I hope.
No one says "I am plowed", but in the third person it is "the land is plowed"; bibo "I drink", bibitur uinum "the wine is drunk"; manduco "I eat", manducatur panis "the bread is eaten"; laboro "I work", laboratur uestis "the clothing is worn out", et cetera.
No one says "cyberspace" anymore.
No one says it like that.
No one says it that way in real life.
No one says that any more.
No one says that anymore either. There are so few words that are still said.
No one says that anymore.
No one says that here.
No one says that kind of thing any more.
No one says that kind of thing anymore.
No one says that these days.
No one says that.
No one scares him in the village.
No one seemed afraid.
No one seemed interested in doing that.
No one seemed particularly optimistic.
No one seemed to be afraid but me.
No one seemed to be afraid but you.
No one seemed to be willing to do that.
No one seemed to be willing to go to sleep.
No one seemed to have seen Tom.
No one seemed to have seen her.
No one seemed to have seen him.
No one seemed to hear.
No one seemed to know what to do.
No one seemed to notice.
No one seemed to recognize Tom.
No one seemed to want to do that.
No one seems afraid.
No one seems interested in Tom's paintings anymore.
No one seems to be afraid but me.
No one seems to be afraid but you.
No one seems to be afraid of me.
No one seems to be afraid.
No one seems to be at home.
No one seems to be here.
No one seems to be inside.
No one seems to be paying any attention to Tom.
No one seems to be telling the truth.
No one seems to be there.
No one seems to be very afraid.
No one seems to be very busy today.
No one seems to care about my problems.
No one seems to care.
No one seems to have a logical explanation for this.
No one seems to have a logical explanation for why this happens.
No one seems to have an answer.
No one seems to have any idea where John is.
No one seems to have any idea where Tom and Mary are.
No one seems to have any idea where Tom is.
No one seems to have the energy to do that again.
No one seems to have the guts to do that anymore.
No one seems to know Tom.
No one seems to know for certain.
No one seems to know her.
No one seems to know him.
No one seems to know the answer.
No one seems to know them.
No one seems to know what happened to Tom.
No one seems to know what happened to him.
No one seems to know what this is used for.
No one seems to know where Tom and Mary are.
No one seems to know where Tom is.
No one seems to know where Tom went.
No one seems to know who's in charge.
No one seems to know why Tom and Mary aren't here.
No one seems to know why Tom didn't do that.
No one seems to know why Tom didn't win.
No one seems to know why Tom isn't here.
No one seems to know why Tom wasn't at Mary's party.
No one seems to know you.
No one seems to know.
No one seems to like Tom.
No one seems to listen to Tom.
No one seems to listen to us anymore.
No one seems to question why the consumption of the toxic byproducts of grass species are killing every human on earth.
No one seems to smile any more.
No one seems to smile anymore.
No one seems to take notice of Mary.
No one seems very afraid.
No one sees a peep of Yanni during the week.
No one sees a problem with this.
No one sees anyone.
No one sees my tears.
No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his nationality nor denied the right to change his nationality.
No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his property.
No one shall be held guilty of any penal offence on account of any act or omission which did not constitute a penal offence, under national or international law, at the time when it was committed. Nor shall a heavier penalty be imposed than the one that was applicable at the time the penal offence was committed.
No one shall be held in slavery or servitude; slavery and the slave trade shall be prohibited in all their forms.
No one shall be held in slavery.
No one shall be subjected to arbitrary arrest, detention or exile.
No one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his privacy, family, home or correspondence, nor to attacks upon his honour and reputation. Everyone has the right to the protection of the law against such interference or attacks.
No one shall be subjected to torture or to cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment.
No one shall dictate to me.
No one shall ever say.
No one should be a judge in his own cause.
No one should be able to trace the events there back to us.
No one should be above the law.
No one should be above the rule of law.
No one should be allowed to enter without passing through the security checks first.
No one should be alone on Christmas.
No one should be discouraged who can make constant progress, even though it be slow.
No one should be immune to justice in Algeria.
No one should be left behind in Algeria's structural change.
No one should be left behind.
No one should be subjected to such a punishment.
No one should be subjected to such humiliation.
No one should be surprised.
No one should corner Russia.
No one should desert his friends.
No one should drink and drive - period.
No one should drink and drive.
No one should drink it?
No one should eat like a wolf, even if they are very hungry.
No one should ever have to do that.
No one should feel bad for Tom.
No one should find out that I'm pregnant, especially Sami.
No one should force his views on others.
No one should forget that the village of Maraghna, nestled in the high mountains of Kabylie, gave the best of its sons and daughters for the independence of Algeria.
No one should forget that the village of Meraghna, located in the very heart of Kabylie, gave the best of its sons and daughters for the independence of Algeria.
No one should have access to a weapon of mass destruction.
No one should have been surprised.
No one should have to do that.
No one should have to experience that.
No one should have to put up with this.
No one should have to suffer like that.
No one should know your feelings about that.
No one should stand here when the valve is opened.
No one should tell you who to love.
No one should think it's not good to be envied.
No one should've been surprised.
No one shouted at you.
No one shouted.
No one showed up at Tom's party.
No one showed up.
No one sings louder than Tom.
No one sits in the front.
No one slept that night.
No one smiled.
No one sought medical treatment.
No one speaks Arabic here.
No one speaks Berber here.
No one speaks French here.
No one speaks even their own native language by birth.
No one speaks her language.
No one speaks his language.
No one speaks his true mind.
No one speaks that language anymore.
No one speaks the official language as their native tongue.
No one speaks this language anymore.
No one speaks well of him.
No one speaks with me.
No one spoke to me all weekend.
No one spoke up in his defense.
No one spoke.
No one stayed to help clean up.
No one stayed.
No one stays in the world.
No one stepped out of the truck.
No one stirred.
No one stole from us.
No one stopped to ask if they could have it – they just took it.
No one stopped to see if Tom was OK.
No one stops to listen to him.
No one stuck up for me.
No one succeeded in crossing the river.
No one succeeded to survive.
No one succeeds in the world without effort.
No one succeeds without luck.
No one succeeds without working hard.
No one supported his motion.
No one supported me.
No one surpasses him.
No one survived the accident.
No one survived the crash.
No one survived the crisis.
No one survived the plane crash.
No one survived.
No one suspected Tom.
No one suspected a thing.
No one suspected anything like this.
No one suspected anything.
No one suspected her.
No one suspected him.
No one suspected it.
No one suspected me.
No one suspected that Mary was not human, but rather a highly sophisticated android. Indeed, she didn't know it herself, programmed as she was to think that she was human. This is the central theme of Tom's latest novel.
No one suspected that the victor in every tournament, clad in the armour of the mysterious black knight, was in fact a woman.
No one suspected them.
No one suspected us.
No one suspected you.
No one suspected.
No one sympathized with Boldi.
No one takes Tom seriously.
No one takes her seriously.
No one takes him seriously.
No one takes into friendship the friend of their enemy.
No one takes me seriously.
No one takes the ban seriously anymore.
No one takes them seriously.
No one takes us seriously.
No one takes you seriously.
No one talked about Yanni's son, Ziri.
No one talked to anyone.
No one talks about that.
No one talks about us anymore.
No one talks at dinner.
No one talks like that in real life.
No one talks like that.
No one talks that way in real life.
No one talks to anyone.
No one talks to us anymore.
No one taught them that.
No one tells me anything here.
No one tells me anything.
No one tells me what to do.
No one tells you what to do, do they?
No one tests the depth of a river with both feet.
No one that I know has been to Australia.
No one that I know trusts Tom.
No one that I know went to Australia.
No one that fluently speaks Esperanto would say such a thing.
No one there had a torch.
No one there spoke English, so Tom had to rely on his knowledge of Latin and Ancient Greek.
No one there was hurt.
No one thinks Mary is worthy of praise.
No one thinks Tom is worthy of praise.
No one thinks Tom will win the race.
No one thinks like that any more.
No one thinks so.
No one thinks that way any more.
No one thinks that way anymore.
No one thinks that you're a coward.
No one thinks that you're stupid.
No one thinks that'll happen.
No one thinks that.
No one thinks we'll win.
No one thinks you're a coward.
No one thinks you're the one who did that.
No one thinks, but everyone has their opinions.
No one thought Mary was worthy of praise.
No one thought Mary worthy of praise.
No one thought Tom would survive.
No one thought about it.
No one thought he would get it.
No one thought of that.
No one thought she would get it.
No one thought that Tom would die before Mary.
No one thought the joke Tom told was funny.
No one threatened Tom.
No one threatened her.
No one threatened him.
No one threatened me.
No one threatened them.
No one threatened us.
No one to blame but yourself.
No one today remembered why the war had come about or who, if anyone, had won. The dust which had contaminated most of the planet’s surface had originated in no country, and no one, even the wartime enemy, had planned on it.
No one told Tom about the rebellion.
No one told Tom and Mary what they should do.
No one told Tom what he should do.
No one told Tom what needed to be done.
No one told Tom what to do.
No one told Tom.
No one told me I wasn't supposed to park there.
No one told me about that.
No one told me about this.
No one told me anything.
No one told me it would be this way.
No one told me that he had failed.
No one told me that it was a costume party.
No one told me that she had failed.
No one told me that you were waiting for me.
No one told me this could happen.
No one told me this might happen.
No one told me this was going to happen.
No one told me what I should be doing.
No one told me what I should do.
No one told me what I was supposed to do.
No one told me what they wrote in this letter.
No one told me what we wrote in this letter.
No one told me what you wrote in this letter.
No one told me you were waiting for me.
No one told me.
No one told us anything.
No one told us either.
No one told us this might happen.
No one told us we weren't allowed to do this.
No one told us.
No one told you about the meeting, did they?
No one told you it was going to get this cold, did they?
No one told you it would be this way, did they?
No one told you that it was going to cost this much, did they?
No one told you this was going to happen, did they?
No one told you where the meeting was going to be, did they?
No one took it into account.
No one took notice of him.
No one took pity on us when we were covered with dust.
No one took the news harder than Tom.
No one touched it.
No one translates my phrases.
No one translates my sentences.
No one tried doing that.
No one tried hugging Tom.
No one tried to do that.
No one tried to intervene.
No one tried to silence the United States when it defended its war crimes against innocent Afghans and Iraqis.
No one tried to stop me.
No one truly knows a nation until one has been inside its jails. A nation should not be judged by how it treats its highest citizens but its lowest ones.
No one trusts Tom any more.
No one trusts Tom anymore.
No one trusts Tom.
No one trusts anyone anymore.
No one trusts her.
No one trusts him any more.
No one trusts him anymore.
No one trusts him more.
No one trusts him.
No one trusts me.
No one trusts them.
No one trusts us.
No one trusts you.
No one turns into Sherlock Holmes when they are sick. Why?
No one turns their devices off anymore.
No one twisted your arm.
No one under thirty has any idea what that is.
No one under thirty knows what that is.
No one understands Tom's sense of humor.
No one understands Tom.
No one understands her.
No one understands how I feel.
No one understands how giraffes communicate with each other.
No one understands how giraffes talk to one another.
No one understands it yet.
No one understands me either.
No one understands me like you do.
No one understands me.
No one understands that.
No one understands them.
No one understands what's going on.
No one understands what's going through her head.
No one understands why she's so aggressive.
No one understands why this is happening.
No one understands you like I do.
No one understands you.
No one understands.
No one understood a thing.
No one understood anything.
No one understood him.
No one understood that math problem.
No one understood what Tom said.
No one understood what Tom wanted.
No one understood why.
No one understood you.
No one understood.
No one used Truth Social or Parler, so Elon Musk had to buy Twitter to turn it into the unmoderated hellhole he wanted it to be, leading to a mass exodus from the site.
No one uses phone books anymore.
No one uses roof racks on cars anymore.
No one uses that kind of weapon anymore.
No one uses that word any more.
No one uses that word anymore.
No one visited me today.
No one visited me.
No one visited them since they lived here.
No one volunteered to do that.
No one voted against it.
No one voted for Tom.
No one voted for her.
No one voted for him.
No one voted for you.
No one walks in L.A.
No one wanted anything to do with Tom.
No one wanted it.
No one wanted to acknowledge the mistake.
No one wanted to admit they'd made a mistake.
No one wanted to babysit Tom.
No one wanted to be friends with Daniel.
No one wanted to be seen with Tom.
No one wanted to be seen with her.
No one wanted to be seen with him.
No one wanted to be seen with me.
No one wanted to be seen with them.
No one wanted to dance with Tom.
No one wanted to do anything with Tom.
No one wanted to do that with me.
No one wanted to eat with us.
No one wanted to eat.
No one wanted to go fishing with me.
No one wanted to go hiking with me.
No one wanted to go ice skating with me.
No one wanted to help us.
No one wanted to insult these men.
No one wanted to leave.
No one wanted to listen to me.
No one wanted to play with Tango except the little boy because Tango stinks.
No one wanted to play with Tango except the little boy.
No one wanted to sit next to me.
No one wanted to sleep that night.
No one wanted to speak Berber to me.
No one wanted to take that job until Ziri volunteered.
No one wanted to talk about Tom.
No one wanted to talk about it.
No one wanted to talk about those things.
No one wanted to talk about what happened to Tom.
No one wanted to talk about what happened.
No one wanted to talk to Yanni.
No one wanted to talk to Ziri.
No one wanted to talk.
No one wanted to volunteer.
No one wants Tom here.
No one wants any.
No one wants anything else from Tom.
No one wants ethnic separatism in Algeria.
No one wants nuclear war.
No one wants political unrest in Algeria.
No one wants radical Islamists in power in Algeria.
No one wants radical Islamists to take power in Algeria.
No one wants that to happen.
No one wants that.
No one wants this more than I do.
No one wants to admit it.
No one wants to answer that question.
No one wants to be a sucker.
No one wants to be around Tom.
No one wants to be around you.
No one wants to be forgotten.
No one wants to be friends with Tom.
No one wants to be on Tom's team.
No one wants to be poor.
No one wants to be the last, but everyone wants to be the first.
No one wants to buy a house now.
No one wants to buy these anymore.
No one wants to buy this stuff.
No one wants to catch Coronavirus or to be accused of spreading it — inadvertently or otherwise.
No one wants to change.
No one wants to create a border.
No one wants to dance with me.
No one wants to die alone.
No one wants to do that, but one of us has to.
No one wants to do that, you know.
No one wants to do that.
No one wants to do this.
No one wants to eat.
No one wants to fail in front of others.
No one wants to fail. Everyone wants to succeed.
No one wants to feel different or left out.
No one wants to feel left out.
No one wants to feel pain.
No one wants to feel stupid.
No one wants to fight.
No one wants to go there.
No one wants to go through the trials of adolescence, but somehow we all manage to get through them.
No one wants to go to Australia with me.
No one wants to go to Australia with us.
No one wants to go to Australia with you.
No one wants to go to Boston with you, do they?
No one wants to go to Boston with you.
No one wants to go to war.
No one wants to have an accident. The trouble is that people do not want hard enough to not have an accident.
No one wants to hear you sing.
No one wants to hear your poem.
No one wants to hear your song.
No one wants to help you.
No one wants to hug Tom.
No one wants to hurt Tom.
No one wants to hurt you.
No one wants to invest in Algeria.
No one wants to join Tom's team.
No one wants to kiss a pessimist.
No one wants to leave the table.
No one wants to leave their house.
No one wants to listen to my opinions.
No one wants to live near a garbage dump.
No one wants to live near the garbage dump.
No one wants to look foolish.
No one wants to look like a fool.
No one wants to move to the other building.
No one wants to play chess with me.
No one wants to play in Tom's team.
No one wants to play on Tom's team.
No one wants to put his hand in his pocket.
No one wants to read my post.
No one wants to see that happen.
No one wants to speak.
No one wants to stay there.
No one wants to take responsibility.
No one wants to talk about Tom.
No one wants to talk about books anymore.
No one wants to talk about it.
No one wants to talk about this stuff.
No one wants to talk about what happened to Tom.
No one wants to talk about what happened.
No one wants to talk to Tom anymore.
No one wants to talk to us anymore.
No one wants to talk to you any more.
No one wants to talk to you anymore, do they?
No one wants to talk to you anymore.
No one wants to talk to you.
No one wants to volunteer.
No one wants to work on Sundays.
No one wants to work outdoors on a cold day.
No one wants to work with a complainer.
No one wants to work with someone who always complains.
No one wants to work.
No one wants to.
No one wants you here.
No one warned me.
No one warned us.
No one was able to answer Tom's question.
No one was able to cross the river.
No one was able to escape.
No one was able to find the answer.
No one was able to give a satisfactory answer.
No one was able to help Tom.
No one was able to help her.
No one was able to help him.
No one was able to help me.
No one was able to help them.
No one was able to help us.
No one was able to replicate the results of that study.
No one was able to solve the problem.
No one was able to stop Tom.
No one was above suspicion.
No one was absent except her.
No one was affected.
No one was after James.
No one was alive.
No one was allowed on board.
No one was allowed to leave the room.
No one was allowed to talk to Tom.
No one was angry except you.
No one was around to see Gunter.
No one was arrested last night.
No one was arrested.
No one was as disappointed as me.
No one was asleep.
No one was at home waiting for me.
No one was at home.
No one was awake yet.
No one was awake.
No one was awakened by Ziri's screaming.
No one was aware of her literary talent.
No one was badly injured.
No one was behind Leonid.
No one was convinced by his explanation.
No one was cooperating.
No one was crying.
No one was curious?
No one was detained.
No one was eating.
No one was ever able to solve the riddle.
No one was excluded.
No one was fired.
No one was forcing me to do it.
No one was game to say anything after the boss's tirade at the staff meeting.
No one was happy.
No one was having any fun.
No one was having fun.
No one was helping us.
No one was helping.
No one was here at 2:30.
No one was here.
No one was hit.
No one was hungry except you.
No one was hurt in the attacks.
No one was hurt in the crash.
No one was hurt in the fire.
No one was hurt in the robbery.
No one was hurt or killed.
No one was hurt seriously.
No one was hurt.
No one was in a hurry to leave the party.
No one was in danger.
No one was in that room.
No one was in the building.
No one was in the car with Tom.
No one was in the car.
No one was in the halls.
No one was in the library.
No one was in the lobby.
No one was in the park.
No one was in the room except Tom.
No one was in the room.
No one was in the swimming pool.
No one was in.
No one was injured by the bomb.
No one was injured by the explosion.
No one was injured in the accident.
No one was injured in the crash.
No one was injured, thankfully.
No one was injured.
No one was inside the office even though the lights were on.
No one was inside.
No one was interested in anything I had to say.
No one was interested in what I had to say.
No one was interested in what Tom was trying to sell.
No one was killed in the eruptions.
No one was killed in the fire.
No one was killed or injured in the attack.
No one was killed.
No one was late.
No one was left to tell the story.
No one was left unsatisfied.
No one was liked by everyone yet.
No one was listening to Tom.
No one was listening to her.
No one was listening to him.
No one was listening to me.
No one was listening to the speech.
No one was listening to them.
No one was listening to us.
No one was listening to what he was saying.
No one was listening to you.
No one was listening.
No one was living in that house.
No one was more frustrated than Tom himself.
No one was more surprised than Tom.
No one was more surprised than me.
No one was near Kalman.
No one was on board at the time.
No one was on board the ship.
No one was on the bus.
No one was permitted to leave.
No one was prepared for what happened next.
No one was present at the meeting.
No one was present.
No one was punished for the fiasco.
No one was quite sure.
No one was really surprised.
No one was responsible for the great Wall Street crash. No one engineered the speculation that preceded it. Both were the product of free choice and decision of hundreds of thousands of individuals.
No one was safe from Fadil's paranoia.
No one was satisfied.
No one was seen.
No one was seriously hurt, thankfully.
No one was seriously hurt.
No one was seriously injured.
No one was sitting at the back.
No one was sitting in that room.
No one was staying in that house.
No one was stopped.
No one was stung.
No one was supposed to be here.
No one was supposed to be in the hall besides Lorenzo.
No one was supposed to be there.
No one was supposed to know about that.
No one was surprised when Tom dumped Mary.
No one was surprised.
No one was suspicious of Tom.
No one was there apart from us.
No one was there but Tom.
No one was there except for Peter.
No one was there except for Tom.
No one was there.
No one was to be seen in the street.
No one was to be seen on the street.
No one was too late.
No one was up there.
No one was waiting for me at home.
No one was waiting for me when I arrived.
No one was waiting for that.
No one was watching us.
No one was watching.
No one was wearing a seatbelt.
No one was willing to put their name on such an obviously politically-motivated report.
No one was willing to put their name on the report.
No one was with me.
No one was wounded in the attack.
No one watching was disappointed.
No one welcomed the proposal.
No one welcomes war.
No one went near him.
No one went out on that balcony.
No one went there.
No one went to Tom's party.
No one went to the station to see Tom off when he left town.
No one went to the station to see him off when he left for Tokyo.
No one who describes "postmodernism" as an ideology should ever be taken seriously about anything.
No one who is a decent human being could possibly support this idea.
No one who is a decent human being could possibly support this project.
No one who is a decent human being could possibly support this.
No one who owns a pet is allowed to live in this apartment building.
No one who works forty hours a week should live in poverty.
No one who's got an ounce of common sense would think of doing something so daft.
No one will attend to you there.
No one will be able to meet your standards.
No one will be able to stop us.
No one will be allowed to do that.
No one will be at home.
No one will be caught by his flattery.
No one will be disappointed.
No one will be fired.
No one will be home this evening.
No one will be hurt.
No one will be losing their job over this.
No one will be released.
No one will be sacked.
No one will be there.
No one will believe Tom.
No one will believe her.
No one will believe him.
No one will believe his story.
No one will believe in you until you believe in yourself.
No one will believe me.
No one will believe that.
No one will believe them.
No one will believe us.
No one will believe what he says.
No one will believe you anyway.
No one will believe you.
No one will benefit.
No one will blame you.
No one will bother to do such a thing.
No one will bother you here.
No one will bother you.
No one will buy it.
No one will buy that house because there was a murder there.
No one will buy this stuff.
No one will care.
No one will certainly come looking for you here.
No one will change anything.
No one will come back.
No one will come.
No one will dance with me.
No one will deny the fact that the world is round.
No one will deny your right to fight honestly and energetically for a good and just cause.
No one will die.
No one will dissuade me from buying a new car.
No one will do anything like that.
No one will do anything.
No one will do that.
No one will do this.
No one will escape my wrath!
No one will ever be friends with a bad person.
No one will ever divide Algerians.
No one will ever figure this out.
No one will ever find out.
No one will ever find you.
No one will ever forget Tom.
No one will ever forget her.
No one will ever forget him.
No one will ever forget them.
No one will ever forget this.
No one will ever forget you.
No one will ever know it was us.
No one will ever know.
No one will find out.
No one will find us here.
No one will fool me.
No one will forbid you to speak Berber.
No one will forget the historic events that transpired on that day.
No one will get hurt if you do as I say.
No one will get hurt.
No one will give me any money.
No one will give us any money.
No one will give you any money.
No one will go in there.
No one will go through this door as long as I live.
No one will harm you.
No one will harm your sister while we're around.
No one will have the heart to say it.
No one will hear her.
No one will hear him.
No one will hear it.
No one will hear you.
No one will help him.
No one will help us.
No one will help you.
No one will hire Tom.
No one will hire her.
No one will hire him.
No one will hire me.
No one will hire them.
No one will hire us.
No one will hire you.
No one will hold us back.
No one will hurt you.
No one will interfere.
No one will know I'm here.
No one will know my name.
No one will know that I'm here.
No one will know this song!
No one will know where we've gone.
No one will know.
No one will lay a finger on you as long as I live.
No one will leave.
No one will likely even notice that you aren't there.
No one will likely even notice.
No one will likely notice.
No one will listen to me.
No one will listen to you.
No one will miss Tom.
No one will miss me.
No one will miss you.
No one will notice the difference.
No one will notice the substitution.
No one will notice, I swear.
No one will obey you now.
No one will obey you.
No one will probably even notice that you're not there.
No one will probably ever notice.
No one will probably notice that you're not there.
No one will recognize her in this mask.
No one will remember your own memories.
No one will see us.
No one will speak for you.
No one will speak with me.
No one will stop me.
No one will stop us.
No one will stop you.
No one will suffer.
No one will survive.
No one will talk.
No one will tell you anything.
No one will tell you.
No one will trust her story.
No one will trust his story.
No one will try to stop you.
No one will understand the point of such a production.
No one will vote for the budget.
No one wished it so, but we are the first species to become a geophysical force, altering Earth's climate, a role previously reserved for tectonics, sun flares, and glacial cycles.
No one wishes to eat.
No one with a happy heart is ever corrupted.
No one with a shred of common sense would think of doing something so senseless.
No one with an ounce of common sense would think of doing something so daft.
No one with an ounce of common sense would think of doing something so stupid.
No one witnessed the scene.
No one won the game. It was a draw.
No one works less than you.
No one works on Sundays.
No one works there any more.
No one works there anymore.
No one would actually say it that way.
No one would blame you for that.
No one would blame you if you didn't do that.
No one would blame you if you left right now.
No one would dance with Tom.
No one would dare do such a thing.
No one would deny murder is natural, but few people would say that justifies it.
No one would deny that.
No one would do something like this in Kabylie.
No one would ever do that.
No one would ever say that.
No one would ever see Jonas leave his house.
No one would express themselves like that.
No one would express themselves that way.
No one would have cared.
No one would have done that if you hadn't been here.
No one would have guessed it!
No one would have imagined something like this.
No one would have listened.
No one would have remembered Tom if he hadn't painted his name on the ceiling of the classroom.
No one would have suspected it!
No one would help me, not even Tom.
No one would help me.
No one would help us do that.
No one would help you do that.
No one would hurt Tom.
No one would hurt her.
No one would hurt him.
No one would hurt me.
No one would hurt them.
No one would hurt us.
No one would hurt you.
No one would listen.
No one would loan me money.
No one would marry Fadil.
No one would marry Sami.
No one would marry Tom.
No one would meet with Tom.
No one would notice that.
No one would notice the difference.
No one would notice this.
No one would notice.
No one would offer him a job.
No one would remember him.
No one would say it that way.
No one would say it.
No one would say something like this in Kabylie.
No one would say that.
No one would say this.
No one would sit next to me.
No one would spend that much money on a bunch of roses.
No one would survive that amount of blood loss.
No one would talk about it.
No one would tell Tom what he was supposed to do.
No one would want that to happen.
No one would want to do that.
No one would want to drink that.
No one would want to hurt Tom.
No one would want to hurt her.
No one would want to hurt him.
No one would want to hurt me.
No one would want to hurt them.
No one would want to hurt us.
No one would want to hurt you.
No one would want to see that.
No one would've cared.
No one would've done that if you hadn't been here.
No one would've gotten hurt if we'd been more careful.
No one would've listened.
No one would've remembered Tom if he hadn't painted his name on the ceiling of the classroom.
No one writes letters by hand anymore.
No one wrote with a ballpoint pen before László József Bíró.
No one yet has learned to drive a locomotive sitting in his study.
No one's actually like that.
No one's allowed back there.
No one's allowed in here.
No one's allowed in.
No one's allowed to do that.
No one's answering the phone.
No one's arguing with you.
No one's around to help.
No one's around.
No one's asking for your opinion.
No one's asking you to lie.
No one's at home.
No one's been able to find the answer.
No one's been here in a while.
No one's been here.
No one's been hurt.
No one's blaming you.
No one's body is perfect.
No one's buying anyone a drink.
No one's buying it.
No one's called you today.
No one's certain.
No one's chasing you away.
No one's coming to our party tonight.
No one's coming.
No one's confused.
No one's convinced.
No one's denying that.
No one's died so far.
No one's died yet.
No one's died.
No one's doing anything.
No one's doing that.
No one's done it yet.
No one's ever asked me that before.
No one's ever asked me that question before.
No one's ever asked you that question before, have they?
No one's ever been there and lived to tell the tale.
No one's ever been there.
No one's ever come back from there.
No one's ever given me money before.
No one's ever given us money before.
No one's ever given you money before, have they?
No one's ever questioned my authority before.
No one's ever questioned my decisions before.
No one's ever questioned my judgment before.
No one's ever questioned my loyalty before.
No one's ever questioned my methods before.
No one's ever said anything like that to you before, have they?
No one's ever seen such a thing.
No one's ever told me that before.
No one's ever told you that before, have they?
No one's forcing people to testify.
No one's forcing you to do anything.
No one's forcing you to do it.
No one's forcing you to do this.
No one's forcing you to leave.
No one's forcing you to watch this.
No one's frightened of playing it.
No one's gambling.
No one's getting left behind.
No one's getting past that dragon.
No one's getting past us.
No one's going anywhere.
No one's going to ask you any questions.
No one's going to be hurt.
No one's going to be sacked.
No one's going to believe it.
No one's going to buy your story.
No one's going to do that.
No one's going to find Tom and Mary.
No one's going to find Tom.
No one's going to find her.
No one's going to find him.
No one's going to find me.
No one's going to find them.
No one's going to find us.
No one's going to find you.
No one's going to harm you on my watch.
No one's going to harm you.
No one's going to help you.
No one's going to hit me.
No one's going to hit you.
No one's going to hurt you.
No one's going to judge you.
No one's going to kiss you.
No one's going to make us leave.
No one's going to rush me into anything.
No one's going to save you now.
No one's going to see me.
No one's going to see us.
No one's going to sing here tonight.
No one's going to stop me.
No one's going to tell Tom and Mary anything.
No one's going to tell Tom anything.
No one's going to want to have anything to do with a junkie like you, including me.
No one's gotten it yet.
No one's here but us. So, what is it that you want to say?
No one's here yet.
No one's here.
No one's home at my place today, so do you want to come over?
No one's home.
No one's hungry.
No one's in charge.
No one's in sight.
No one's in the bath.
No one's in there.
No one's in.
No one's injured.
No one's interested.
No one's judging you here.
No one's judging you.
No one's listening any more.
No one's listening anymore.
No one's listening anyway.
No one's listening.
No one's living in the house next door.
No one's looking at you.
No one's looking for us.
No one's looking.
No one's making a sound.
No one's making you eat it.
No one's obliged to do more than they can.
No one's obliged to do more than they're able.
No one's obliged to do more than they're capable of.
No one's perfect at it.
No one's perfect, except me.
No one's perfect.
No one's permitted to do that.
No one's phoned.
No one's picking up.
No one's prepared.
No one's quite sure what this is.
No one's quite sure what's going to happen.
No one's really sure.
No one's rung.
No one's safe here.
No one's saying that the disasters that recently happened in Siberia, Australia, northwestern North America, Central Europe, China, etc., are directly caused by climate change, but rather that it aggravates them and considerably increases the probability of them happening.
No one's seen Tom and Mary for a while.
No one's seen Tom and Mary in a while.
No one's seen Tom and Mary.
No one's seen Tom for a while.
No one's seen Tom in a while.
No one's seen Tom since yesterday morning.
No one's seen Tom.
No one's seen her for a while.
No one's seen her in a while.
No one's seen her.
No one's seen him for a while.
No one's seen him in a while.
No one's seen him.
No one's seen or heard from Tom and Mary.
No one's seen or heard from Tom.
No one's seen them for a while.
No one's seen them in a while.
No one's seen them.
No one's seen you in a while.
No one's shooting at us now.
No one's smiling.
No one's standing in front of the entrance.
No one's stopping you.
No one's suggesting that you should resign.
No one's supposed to go in there.
No one's supposed to know about it.
No one's talking.
No one's that desperate.
No one's to blame.
No one's told me anything.
No one's upset.
No one's waiting for me.
No one's watching me.
No one's watching us.
No one's watching you.
No one's watching.
No one's working.
No one, even Boldi himself, could answer that question.
No one, except Tom, return the report.
No ones goes into that room until the authorities arrive.
No one other than Tom could've done that.
No one’s frightened of playing it.
No orthography has been developed for the written form of the language.
No orthography has been devised for the written form of the language.
No other English dramatist rivals Shakespeare.
No other arrests are expected.
No other book is read as widely as the Bible.
No other boy in his class is as bright as he.
No other boy in his class is so tall as he.
No other boy in our class is more studious than Jack.
No other boy in the class is taller.
No other casualties have been reported.
No other casualties were reported.
No other charges have been filed against Tom.
No other city in Japan is as big as Tokyo.
No other city in Japan is as large as Tokyo.
No other contestant has obtained such a remarkable achievement.
No other creatures can fly as far as fast or as long as birds.
No other details were given.
No other dog is bigger than this.
No other dogs are as fat as this one.
No other girl in my class is prettier than Linda.
No other holiday has so rich an heritage of old customs and observances as Christmas.
No other hotel can beat this one for service.
No other injures have been reported.
No other lake in Japan is as large as Lake Biwa.
No other language is as beautiful as French.
No other language is as beautiful as Japanese.
No other language is as beautiful as Portuguese.
No other man could do my work.
No other mountain in Japan is as high as Mt. Fuji.
No other mountain in Japan is higher than Mt. Fuji.
No other mountain in the world is as tall as Mt. Everest.
No other mountain in the world is so high as Mt. Everest.
No other person will come, right?
No other river in Japan is as long as the Shinano.
No other river in Japan is longer than the Shinano.
No other river is longer than the Shinano.
No other singer in Japan is as popular as she.
No other sport in Brazil is as popular as football.
No other sport in Brazil is so popular as football.
No other sport in Brazil is so popular as soccer.
No other student in the class is as brilliant as he is.
No other student in the class is so brilliant as he is.
No other way.
No other woman in our company is so proud as she.
No other zodiac sign is as classy as Capricorn.
No other zodiac sign is as mentally tough as Capricorns.
No outside employment was allowed.
No outsiders are allowed to enter.
No overseas adoptions yet? What kind of celebrity are you, anyway? Go sit at the kid's table with Kathy Griffin and Gary Busey!
No overseas adoptions yet? What kind of celebrity are you, anyway? Go sit at the kid’s table with Kathy Griffin and Gary Busey!
No oyster sauce, please.
No pain is permanent.
No pain no gain.
No pain will last forever.
No pain, all gain.
No pain, no gain!
No pain, no gain.
No pain, no gains.
No pains, no gains.
No parent should have to worry about going broke because their child is sick.
No parking is allowed here.
No parking is permitted here.
No parking!
No parking.
No part of the pig is wasted.
No passage this way.
No passenger service is available.
No passengers are allowed on the bridge.
No passengers were hurt in the wreck.
No passengers were hurt.
No passengers were injured.
No passengers were killed in the accident.
No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear.
No peeking!
No peeking, please.
No peeling or coring is required.
No penalty was assessed.
No people on earth can be held, as a people, to be an enemy, for all humanity shares the common hunger for peace and fellowship and justice.
No peril daunts her, no prospect of fatigue or discomfort disheartens or repels her.
No permit is required.
No permits are required.
No person achieves success or happiness when compelled to do what he naturally dislikes to do.
No person by that name is listed in the register of the school.
No person can decide when someone should die.
No person can take your place.
No person has ever become wise by accident.
No person in their right mind could do this thing.
No person is superior to the law.
No person with that name exists.
No person's gain in wisdom is diminished by anyone else's gain.
No personal checks will be accepted.
No pets allowed.
No pets are allowed in that apartment house.
No physically handicapped person ought ever be ignored.
No physics on Saturday?
No picture can do justice to the scene.
No pictures or video, please.
No pictures.
No pineapple on the pizza, please.
No place in the world is as beautiful as the Swiss Alps.
No place is like home.
No place is perfect.
No place is really home for the Palestinians.
No place is safe.
No place like home.
No place on the planet is hotter than the Sahara.
No planes have taken off for an hour.
No plans have been made.
No plant can grow in this climate.
No plays delight me except those of Plautus.
No pleasure is greater than that of reading.
No poets allowed.
No point in threatening me. I'll still tell you nothing.
No point in threatening me. I’ll still tell you nothing.
No police officers were injured.
No police officers were wounded.
No politician can defeat a potato.
No post came today.
No postage is necessary.
No poverty can catch up with industry.
No power in Amish country.
No practical joker should be without a whoopee cushion.
No pressure.
No previous experience is required.
No prior experience is necessary.
No prior experience is needed.
No prior experience is required.
No prisoners were taken.
No pro golfer in Japan is as popular as Jumbo Ozaki.
No prob.
No problem at all!
No problem demands more urgency than the human conditions of life.
No problem is insurmountable.
No problem!
No problem! I can help you.
No problem, I can wait.
No problem, I understand.
No problem, I'll wait.
No problem, of course, if you're going.
No problem, we can help you.
No problem.
No problem. Come again soon.
No problem. I can sleep on the couch.
No problem. If X happens, we have Y as a backup.
No problem. You can just do your job.
No problems to report.
No product is being exported from Bangladesh.
No profit grows when is no pleasure taken.
No progress has been made.
No progress was made.
No project for peace can be viable unless it emphasizes ethnic, cultural, religious, and linguistic tolerance, as well as diversity in general.
No proof was ever found.
No public education existed in India before the British colonization.
No publication date was announced.
No pun intended.
No pupils were absent.
No purchase is required.
No pushing a fellow in and locking the door and squirting water at him through the window.
No qualified candidate should have to turn down the opportunity to intern on Capitol Hill in order to make ends meet.
No quarter !
No question Tom has done a great job.
No question can ever be foolish.
No question could ever be foolish.
No question is ever a foolish one.
No question there were a lot of domestic pressures.
No question!
No questions are off limits.
No questions asked, no one learns anything.
No questions asked, nothing is learned.
No questions asked...
No questions were asked.
No questions will be asked.
No questions! Just listen to me, OK?
No questions.
No questions. Just run.
No questions?
No rage.
No rain is expected this weekend.
No rain is expected.
No rational person, of whatever political persuasion, could possibly object to the program.
No really, I am fine.
No reason could convince him.
No reason to laugh!
No reason to stay is a good reason to leave.
No reason was given.
No reason, no reason.
No reasonable person could possibly believe this.
No reasonable person would believe that.
No reasonable person would do that.
No reasonable person would have believed that.
No reasons for Tom's arrest were given.
No reasons were given.
No reception.
No reform.
No refuge could save the hireling and slave from the terror of flight, or the gloom of the grave: and the Star - Spangled Banner in triumph doth wave o’er the land of the free and the home of the brave!
No refunds will be given.
No refunds.
No regime is eternal.
No registration is required.
No regrets.
No religion can nor has the right to pretend to be the only true religion.
No religion can or has the right to claim to be the only true religion.
No religion is a monolith.
No religious figure rules Algeria.
No remedy chases away the sad laws of death.
No replacement was named.
No reports of human casualties have been listed.
No rest for the wicked.
No results were found.
No rich people live here.
No rights reserved.
No risk, no reward.
No river in Japan is as long as the Shinano.
No river in the world is longer than the Nile.
No road in life is smooth; challenges shape who we are.
No road is long with good company.
No room is currently available.
No roses without thorns.
No running around the pool.
No running around.
No rush, but let's take the next bus.
No rush.
No sail appeared on the sea.
No sail, but wandering on the shore he sees / three stags, and, grazing up the vale at ease, / the whole herd troops behind them in a row.
No sailboat is faster than this one.
No salesman will call.
No salesmen will call.
No salt is better than too much.
No salutations without miracles, and no ballads without valour.
No salvation outside the Church.
No sane parent would do that.
No sane person would do that.
No scam is too outrageous.
No schools for the deaf existed in that era.
No scruple held him back from making this attempt.
No secret stays buried for ever.
No secret stays buried forever.
No security system is foolproof.
No self-respecting pirate would wear that.
No selfies will be allowed in front of Leonardo da Vinci's masterpiece.
No selfies will be allowed in front of the Mona Lisa.
No sensible person can deny the verifiable mutual intelligibility of Northern Berber dialects?
No sentence can ever have too many translations.
No sentence on Tatoeba contains the word "anathema".
No sentences added yet.
No serious North African linguist considers Kabyle as a language on its own. In fact, all serious linguists consider Kabyle as a Berber dialect.
No serious damage has been reported.
No serious injuries have been reported.
No serious news, I hope?
No servant can serve two masters.
No service is planned.
No sex please, we're British!
No sex was involved.
No shenanigans while I am at the grocery store, you two!
No ship could arrive in Cuba.
No ship is unsinkable.
No shirt, no shoes, no service.
No shit, Sherlock!
No shit, Sherlock.
No shit.
No shoes in the house!
No shoes, no service.
No shots were fired, and nobody got hurt.
No shouting!
No side has a monopoly on good ideas.
No sign of Yanni anywhere.
No sign of Ziri has ever been found.
No sign of the enemy in our surroundings.
No signal.
No significant differences were found.
No significant differences were observed.
No silence was ever written down.
No sin is too great for God to forgive.
No single company should have over 10 billion dollars in assets. Now is the time to require the break-up of excessively large companies, in the same way as and for the same reason that Theodore Roosevelt broke up the trusts and monopolies.
No single speech can eradicate years of mistrust, nor can I answer in the time that I have all the complex questions that brought us to this point.
No single truth can be claimed.
No singles were released from the album.
No sinner is ever saved after the first twenty minutes of a sermon.
No skateboarding in the house!
No slurping!
No smoke without fire.
No smoking during the performance.
No smoking in the restaurant.
No smoking in the theater.
No smoking indoors.
No smoking is allowed at this train station.
No smoking is allowed in this building.
No smoking is allowed in this train station.
No smoking is company policy.
No smoking on the job.
No smoking!
No smoking.
No snacking before dinner! Give me that chocolate!
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
No society can surely be flourishing and happy, of which the greater part of the members are poor and miserable. It is but equity, besides, that they who feed, cloath and lodge the whole body of the people, should have such a share of the produce of their own labour as to be themselves tolerably well fed, cloathed and lodged.
No soldier from the war is known to still be alive but their voices were present through high school students reading their letters written at the front on this day a century ago.
No soliciting!
No solution is perfect.
No son of mine is going to marry a human!
No song, no supper.
No sooner did I see my son than I broke out crying.
No sooner do ducklings hatch, than they are already in the water.
No sooner had Helen come home than she fell sick.
No sooner had I come into contact with him than I determined to get to know him well.
No sooner had I done so than it began to rain.
No sooner had I entered the hall than the ceremony began.
No sooner had I entered the room than I noticed the smell not only of tobacco but of gas.
No sooner had I gone out than it began to rain.
No sooner had I got there than they started.
No sooner had I hung up than the phone started ringing again.
No sooner had I hung up the phone than there came another call.
No sooner had I left the house than it started to rain.
No sooner had I opened the box than a frog jumped out.
No sooner had I put the mole on the ground than it started to dig.
No sooner had I sat down and relaxed than the phone rang.
No sooner had I turned away than he disappeared.
No sooner had Mary broken up with Tom than John asked her out.
No sooner had Mary broken up with Tom than John was at her front door with a bunch of roses.
No sooner had Tom sat than he slumped over unconscious, sliding to the floor.
No sooner had Tom turned on the TV than the fuse blew.
No sooner had Ziri healed from an illness, he came down with something else.
No sooner had he arrived than he fell sick.
No sooner had he arrived than the bus departed.
No sooner had he come home than he proudly made an earth-shattering announcement.
No sooner had he done it than he began reading.
No sooner had he finished breakfast than the telephone rang.
No sooner had he gone out then the storm blew.
No sooner had he met his family than he burst into tears.
No sooner had he risen from poverty than he became posh and arrogant.
No sooner had he said it than he regretted it.
No sooner had he said it than he was sorry.
No sooner had he seen it than he turned pale.
No sooner had he seen me than he began to run away.
No sooner had he seen me than he ran away.
No sooner had he struck the match than the bomb exploded.
No sooner had he turned on the TV than the fuse blew.
No sooner had it stopped raining than a beautiful rainbow appeared.
No sooner had it stopped raining than the ground froze.
No sooner had she caught sight of me than she started running in my direction.
No sooner had she entered her room than she began to cry.
No sooner had she found him than she burst into tears.
No sooner had she gone there than she was taken ill.
No sooner had she opened her eyes in the morning than she put her dream down on paper.
No sooner had she opened the door than a cat ran out.
No sooner had she risen than I rose too.
No sooner had she said this than the hide of the Beast split in two and out came the most handsome young prince who told her that he had been enchanted by a magician and that he could not recover his natural form unless a maiden should, of her own accord, declare that she loved him.
No sooner had she spoken than it began.
No sooner had the bell rung than the teacher came into the classroom.
No sooner had the child seen his mother than he burst into tears.
No sooner had the dog seen me than it ran up to me.
No sooner had the girl caught sight of the monster than she ran away.
No sooner had the idea occurred to her than she put it into action.
No sooner had the meeting begun than it ended.
No sooner had the monkey caught sight of him than it jumped up to his shoulders.
No sooner had the news arrived than they acted.
No sooner had the rain started than they arrived.
No sooner had the spy returned home than he was told to go to another country.
No sooner had the younger brother gone into the forest than he found the river, swam across it, and there on the other side was the she-bear, fast asleep.
No sooner had they arrived than it all began.
No sooner had they arrived than it ended.
No sooner had they arrived than it started.
No sooner had they begun than the storm hit.
No sooner had they begun than they saw the truth.
No sooner had they begun than they stopped.
No sooner had they left than it began.
No sooner had they left than it rained.
No sooner had they left than the storm began.
No sooner had they left than trouble arrived.
No sooner had they started than it ended.
No sooner had we entered the hall than the ceremony began.
No sooner had we finished working on one tough problem than the president sent us yet another straight from the top.
No sooner had we left than the storm began.
No sooner had we reached the station than it began to rain.
No sooner had we sat down than she brought us coffee.
No sooner had we sat down than we found it was time to go.
No sooner has one typhoon passed than the next one approaches.
No sooner is one lie out of your mouth than you're telling yet another.
No sooner is one lie out of your mouth than you’re telling yet another.
No sooner said than done.
No sooner was breakfast over, than the whole party, well muffled in furs and woollens, floundered forth into the midst of the snow.
No sooner were the professors of Christianity sufficiently powerful to employ the sword than they did so.
No sound was heard from the room until eleven-twenty, the hour of the return of Lady Maynooth and her daughter.
No sound was to be heard.
No sound, no sign, just a sudden disappearance that defied all logic and explanation.
No sounds came from the woods.
No special celebration is planned.
No special equipment is needed to do this job.
No special training is needed to operate this machine.
No speculation has taken place concerning the motives.
No spoilers!
No spoilers, please!
No sport is as popular as football in America.
No spray is coming out because the nozzle is clogged.
No staffers inside the building were injured.
No star was seen that night.
No stars are to be seen in the daytime.
No stars could be seen in the sky.
No stars could be seen that night.
No state has a right to exist.
No state has the right to exist.
No state insurance fund covers it yet.
No statue hewn of marble in monumental effigy was ever half so fair; and within that surpassing form dwelt a soul true, tender, self-devoted, and affectionate as ever warmed a human breast.
No steam breaks bones.
No stepping on the grass.
No stitches were needed.
No stone should be left unturned.
No stone was left unturned to try to find the real culprit but the affair is unfortunately still on hold.
No strand goes with the other.
No student has ever complained of pains in the front lobe of the left side of the brain.
No student in our class is as smart as Kate.
No student in our class is smarter than Kate.
No student is allowed to enter the room.
No student of mine would do such a thing.
No student should be burdened with student debt. Find the bankers. They are traitors. This was planned to stop students from protesting unjust wars.
No student was able to answer the question.
No student went to the party.
No students arrived on time.
No students could answer the question.
No students went there yesterday.
No students were absent.
No submissions will be accepted after the June 1st cutoff.
No such person exists.
No sugar for you?
No suicide note was found.
No suitable comment offered itself to Tom.
No supply is unlimited.
No survivors were found.
No suspects have been arrested.
No suspicion may be attached to the accountant.
No sweet without some sweat.
No sweet without sweat.
No swimming allowed here!
No swimming in this area.
No swimming unless a lifeguard is present!
No swimming.
No system can ever reach total consistency. In theory and on paper, things work. But in practice, they're messy. There's no way of getting around the butterfly effect.
No system is perfect.
No system of cohesion by loyal obedience that plans own enlargement by manipulation also by effortfully staging confrontations aiming at pretending and distracting from communication shall decrease communication of education.
No systematical study in economics assumes solidarity.
No taboo is known to be universal.
No taking photos.
No talking during the test, people.
No talking while eating.
No taxi stopped.
No teacher should do that.
No teachers were there.
No thank you, I don't need a plastic bag.
No thank you, I'm full.
No thank you, I'm pregnant.
No thank you, I’m pregnant.
No thanks, I don't drink.
No thanks, I don't need a bag.
No thanks, I'm fine.
No thanks, I'm pregnant.
No thanks, that's not my thing.
No thanks, we won't have dessert.
No thanks. I'm just having a look round.
No thanks. I'm just looking round.
No thanks. I'm just looking.
No thing great is created suddenly, any more than a bunch of grapes or a fig. If you tell me that you desire a fig, I answer you that there must be time. Let it first blossom, then bear fruit, then ripen.
No thing is impossible for one who has no need to do it himself.
No things here.
No thoroughfare to the beach.
No tickets are needed.
No time left to waste.
No time to dwell on this, let's get to the next sentence.
No time!
No time-wasters.
No tip?
No title is engraved on the statue.
No to censorship!
No to war!
No to war.
No tomfoolery while I'm gone.
No tongue can tell of the wonders I saw.
No tools are necessary.
No touching!
No trace of Miroslav could be found.
No trace of Napoleon's waltz across Europe appears in the pastoral novels of Jane Austen.
No trace whatever of horse or rider could be discerned.
No train would wait for passengers.
No trans woman has ever been the top athlete at any women's sport.
No trans woman has won the gold medal in any Olympic sport, despite being allowed to compete since 2003.
No translation is impossible.
No trees exist that are taller than the Eiffel Tower.
No trespassing!
No trial date has been set yet.
No trial date has been set.
No tsunami is heading towards Algiers.
No turbaned Turk, no hired Venetian or Malay, could have smote him with more seeming malice.
No twins exist in my family.
No two are alike.
No two countries that both have a McDonald's have ever fought a war against each other.
No two days are alike.
No two days are the same.
No two giraffes have the same coat pattern.
No two human beings are the same.
No two lighthouses are the same.
No two men are of a mind.
No two people do that the same way.
No two people look exactly alike.
No two people react the same.
No two rivers in the world are completely the same.
No two snowflakes are exactly alike.
No two snowflakes are identical, or at least no one has found them yet.
No two words are identical in meaning.
No two words have the same meaning.
No u-turn!
No unauthorised personnel.
No unauthorised persons will be permitted inside the perimeter.
No use explaining it to her.
No use explaining it to him.
No use explaining it to me.
No use explaining it to them.
No use explaining to her.
No use explaining to him.
No use explaining to me.
No verb in this sentence.
No vessel is unsinkable.
No video games for a month.
No viruses were detected on your computer.
No visitor can remain in the hospital after 9 p.m.
No visitors are permitted here.
No vital organs were damaged.
No vote can take place unless the full board is present at the meeting.
No walking on the grass.
No walking on the pitch!
No war crime committed by Israel has aroused any feelings in Israel.
No water balloons here, please.
No water is available.
No water, no life.
No way I will fall asleep with this noise!
No way in hell!
No way out.
No way to know for sure.
No way to leave.
No way would I buy a scratched-up CD like that.
No way ！
No way!
No way! She can't have missed the flight.
No way! That's definitely a lie!
No way, is this really a debt collection call?
No way, you shouldn't shower in this heat.
No way.
No weapon was found in Tom's garage.
No weapon was found near Tom's body.
No weapon was found.
No weapons were discovered.
No weapons were found during the search.
No weapons were found in Tom's garage.
No weapons were found.
No weather was severe enough to keep him indoors.
No wedding date has been set.
No wedding would be complete without a fight.
No wild tigers are to be found in Africa.
No wildebeest can cross this river, but a giraffe can.
No wine for me. I'm Muslim and I don't drink.
No wine today, please.
No winter lasts forever.
No wise man ever wishes to be younger.
No woman can keep that up for ever.
No woman can live with Sami.
No woman can resist this.
No woman could measure up to his standard.
No woman dares to refuse love without a motive, for nothing is more natural than to yield to love.
No woman had ever done this before.
No woman has ever done this before.
No woman is as arrogant as she is.
No woman is born a prostitute.
No woman is indifferent to her clothing.
No woman is perfect.
No woman wants to hear that.
No woman would refuse a child.
No women are allowed in here.
No women are allowed to join.
No women like to wear a dress that another discarded. With men, they're not so choosy.
No women or children were hurt.
No women would buy that.
No wonder I can’t win an argument against you.
No wonder I'm sleepy.
No wonder I’m sleepy.
No wonder Sami never got married.
No wonder Tom and Mary hate us.
No wonder Tom failed.
No wonder Tom felt below par.
No wonder Tom got so angry.
No wonder Tom got the part.
No wonder Tom has no money.
No wonder Tom hates us.
No wonder Tom never got married.
No wonder Tom was confused.
No wonder Tom wasn't taken seriously.
No wonder he didn't feel like studying.
No wonder he didn’t feel like studying.
No wonder he died young.
No wonder he failed the exam, after wasting so much time like that.
No wonder he is a henpecked husband.
No wonder he is so angry.
No wonder he refused your offer.
No wonder he was arrested.
No wonder he was locked up.
No wonder it took you so long.
No wonder no one likes you.
No wonder nobody could find Tom.
No wonder nobody likes you.
No wonder people drink.
No wonder she didn't show up to see him off. They broke up.
No wonder she didn’t show up to see him off. They broke up.
No wonder she doesn't want to see him again. Because they broke up.
No wonder she's so selfish — it's because you spoil her like that.
No wonder that even he feared this word himself.
No wonder that he has failed in the enterprise.
No wonder that he's being called a charlatan after telling so many lies.
No wonder that the presenter sounded weird, she was sick.
No wonder that you're tired!
No wonder the printer hasn't been working. Somebody unplugged it.
No wonder the remote isn't working. It doesn't have a battery!
No wonder the retirement years are often referred to as the golden years.
No wonder they have elected him chairman.
No wonder they told me that you're crazy, look how you act.
No wonder they turned down her offer.
No wonder they want to fire you.
No wonder we associate bats with dark places.
No wonder we could not speak.
No wonder why John doesn't have a girlfriend.
No wonder you are so happy.
No wonder you could not open the door.
No wonder you didn't find these words.
No wonder you were confused.
No wonder you're frantic.
No wonder you're so angry.
No wonder you're so happy.
No wonder you're so indecisive.
No wonder you're so mad.
No wonder you're so upset.
No wonder you're worried.
No wonder you've got a headache, the amount you drank last night.
No wonder your husband left.
No wonder you’ve got a headache; the amount you drank last night.
No wonder!
No wonder Tom was mad.
No words are necessary.
No words availed to persuade him.
No words can express her deep sorrow.
No words can express how amazing you are.
No words can lessen your deep sadness.
No words can relieve her deep sorrow.
No words were able to admonish him.
No work can be done with ease.
No work is as hard as the one you don't like to do.
No work is as hard as the one you don’t like to do.
No work is possible without an order.
No work is simple.
No workers can be dismissed without previous notice.
No worries if you decide to say no.
No worries!
No worries! This is good enough!
No worries, I will send you to the elevator.
No worries, I'm sure it will be a perfect fit for you!
No worries, I’m sure it will be a perfect fit for you!
No worries, happens all the time.
No worries, you aren't ready to talk about the company, which is useful.
No worries.
No wounds they take, no weapon wins it way. / Swiftly they soar, all leaving, ere they go, / their filthy traces on the half-gorged prey.
No written records of the Hunnic language exist.
No young person thinks that one day they will die.
No!
No! Absolutely not!
No! After you do your homework, you can watch television.
No! Anything but that!
No! Did he really say that? You can't be serious!
No! Did he really say that? You can’t be serious!
No! Don't kill my friend, please!
No! Don't tell me that!
No! I am not Prince Hamlet, nor was meant to be; am an attendant lord, one that will do to swell a progress, start a scene or two, advise the prince; no doubt, an easy tool, deferential, glad to be of use, politic, cautious, and meticulous; full of high sentence, but a bit obtuse; at times, indeed, almost ridiculous— almost, at times, the Fool.
No! I don't want to go.
No! I feel good!
No! I hate broccoli!
No! I'm begging you! Don't be like this!
No! It can't be!
No! It's not true.
No! No! A thousand times, no!
No! No! This isn’t good.
No! Not necessarily.
No! That's not the case.
No! That's not true.
No! You'll be blown to smithereens!
No! You’ll be blown to smithereens!
No! he must not die; so she swam toward him all among the drifting beams and planks, quite forgetting that they might crush her.
No, Adolf; I don't know any Jew by that name.
No, Charlie is in Spain. Daniel and his mother are in England.
No, Chinese dishes are the best.
No, Dad!
No, Diana, I am not killed, but I think I am rendered unconscious.
No, I absolutely don't agree, as a matter of fact.
No, I agree.
No, I am English.
No, I am Fang Ning.
No, I am always using it.
No, I am an Englishman.
No, I am not Arab.
No, I am not an escort.
No, I am not from the United States.
No, I am not married.
No, I am not.
No, I am waiting for my wife.
No, I am your father.
No, I can no longer allow you to upstage me!
No, I can't believe what you're telling me.
No, I can't clean your house. It's too big!
No, I can't do that.
No, I can't eat wheat, peanuts, or shellfish.
No, I can't speak English.
No, I can't understand the fashion because I don't watch TV.
No, I can't.
No, I can't. I have to watch a baseball game on TV.
No, I can't. I'm busy all weekend.
No, I can't. It's too big!
No, I cannot afford it.
No, I cannot believe what you say.
No, I cannot let you in, there's one person too many.
No, I cannot let you in, there’s one person too many.
No, I can’t speak English.
No, I can’t. I have to watch a baseball game on TV.
No, I changed it.
No, I definitely don't like it.
No, I did it on my own account.
No, I did not sleep with him.
No, I did not vote.
No, I did not write this.
No, I didn't blink at you. There was something in my eye.
No, I didn't do it.
No, I didn't do that.
No, I didn't forget.
No, I didn't go out.
No, I didn't go to Torino.
No, I didn't go.
No, I didn't help.
No, I didn't know anything about it. They left me completely in the dark.
No, I didn't really mean that.
No, I didn't say anything!
No, I didn't see anyone.
No, I didn't see it. Do you think I have eyes in the back of my head?
No, I didn't sleep with him.
No, I didn't write it.
No, I didn’t go out.
No, I didn’t go.
No, I didn’t help.
No, I didn’t write it.
No, I do not know your brother.
No, I do not see anyone.
No, I do not watch CNN.
No, I don't agree.
No, I don't blame you.
No, I don't do that.
No, I don't fancy like it.
No, I don't feel comfortable with it.
No, I don't feel like it.
No, I don't get it.
No, I don't have a boyfriend, and I don't have a girlfriend either.
No, I don't have a drinking problem except when I can't get a drink.
No, I don't have a girlfriend.
No, I don't have a headache; I just don't want to sleep with you.
No, I don't have any newspapers.
No, I don't have it right now.
No, I don't have it with me.
No, I don't have it.
No, I don't have time for chitchat.
No, I don't have time to chat.
No, I don't know an exact number.
No, I don't know anything about that.
No, I don't know her.
No, I don't know him.
No, I don't know him. Of course, I know who he is, but I'm not personally acquainted with him.
No, I don't know them.
No, I don't know you.
No, I don't know.
No, I don't like cats.
No, I don't like lobster.
No, I don't need a cigarette. I've become a non-smoker in the meantime.
No, I don't need anything.
No, I don't regret anything.
No, I don't remember. I wasn't born yet.
No, I don't see anyone.
No, I don't see anything.
No, I don't sing.
No, I don't speak English.
No, I don't speak French.
No, I don't teach anymore. I have been retired for three years.
No, I don't think Hamlet was actually mad. Whenever he is alone with Horatio, he's sane enough.
No, I don't think I will.
No, I don't think it will clear up.
No, I don't think so.
No, I don't think that I am to blame.
No, I don't think the weather will clear up.
No, I don't think we have too many cats.
No, I don't understand Mrs. Kunze.
No, I don't understand Ms. Kunze.
No, I don't understand it.
No, I don't understand you.
No, I don't understand.
No, I don't want a tuxedo; I asked for a suit!
No, I don't want any of your frickin' breakfast steaks.
No, I don't want to because I'm sleepy.
No, I don't want to go.
No, I don't want to see your handgun.
No, I don't want to tell you my name.
No, I don't want to.
No, I don't watch CNN.
No, I don't work at the weekend.
No, I don't! I don't know what you're talking about!
No, I don't. I want a room for tonight.
No, I don't. I want to learn sometime.
No, I don't. What's he like?
No, I don't. You had better look it up in a telephone directory.
No, I don’t have it with me.
No, I don’t have it.
No, I don’t know.
No, I don’t think it will clear up.
No, I don’t think so.
No, I don’t think that I am to blame.
No, I don’t understand Mrs. Kunze.
No, I don’t understand Ms. Kunze.
No, I don’t understand you.
No, I don’t. But I have a slight cold.
No, I don’t. I want a room for tonight.
No, I don’t. I want to learn sometime.
No, I don’t. What’s he like?
No, I don’t. You had better look it up in a telephone directory.
No, I feel like he's not "pure", but rather "dull".
No, I forgot it at home.
No, I guess not.
No, I have a better idea.
No, I have better things to listen to right now.
No, I have never been there.
No, I haven't got any newspapers.
No, I haven't purchased this guitar yet. I have it on trial from a music store.
No, I haven't seen her for three weeks.
No, I haven't spoken to him yet.
No, I haven't tried it on yet.
No, I haven't written it yet.
No, I haven’t written it yet.
No, I insist.
No, I just can't remember. The answer completely eludes me.
No, I just thought that since you can use an abacus, you might be good at doing calculations in your head.
No, I know that's my seat because I always chose an aisle seat.
No, I like that one, there.
No, I like that one.
No, I never drink coffee with milk.
No, I never said that.
No, I really don't like it that much.
No, I really don’t like it that much.
No, I refuse to believe so.
No, I saw it. It's true!
No, I still don't know.
No, I still prefer eating vegetables.
No, I suppose not.
No, I think he just does those things because he wants to please his wife.
No, I think it's pretty stupid.
No, I think you misunderstand.
No, I want to pay in cash.
No, I was at home!
No, I wasn't expecting that at all; it was a total blindside.
No, I wasn't talking to you.
No, I went out.
No, I will go by bus.
No, I will not comment on this topic.
No, I will not go.
No, I won't be there.
No, I won't cook for you.
No, I won't do that.
No, I won't give it to you.
No, I won't give you it.
No, I won't go.
No, I won't say anything.
No, I would never mention that.
No, I would not like anything to drink.
No, I wouldn't say that.
No, I'd never mention that.
No, I'll never lie to her.
No, I'll never lie to him.
No, I'll pay for it.
No, I'll pay.
No, I'm Canadian.
No, I'm English.
No, I'm a doctor.
No, I'm afraid not.
No, I'm fine. Something must've just gone down the wrong pipe.
No, I'm going nowhere tonight.
No, I'm going to meet Vera Velikonskaja here!
No, I'm just looking.
No, I'm just wondering why you asked that.
No, I'm messing around!
No, I'm not Brazilian, I'm Portuguese.
No, I'm not Byron, I’m different.
No, I'm not German, I'm Turkish.
No, I'm not Mary. My name is Theresa.
No, I'm not a German, I'm a Turk.
No, I'm not a fox. Why do you ask?
No, I'm not a teacher. I'm just a student.
No, I'm not a teacher. I'm only a student.
No, I'm not afraid of ghosts.
No, I'm not angry with you.
No, I'm not cold.
No, I'm not coming.
No, I'm not complaining.
No, I'm not concerned at all. No, we've done a great job with it.
No, I'm not crazy.
No, I'm not frightened of ghosts.
No, I'm not from the United States.
No, I'm not from the city.
No, I'm not giving you fifty euros! Do I look like I'm rich to you?
No, I'm not going anywhere tonight.
No, I'm not going out tonight.
No, I'm not going to smell your armpit.
No, I'm not going to take it back.
No, I'm not going.
No, I'm not hungry.
No, I'm not in love.
No, I'm not in the mood for it.
No, I'm not mad at you, I'm just disappointed.
No, I'm not mad.
No, I'm not okay.
No, I'm not singing.
No, I'm not sleepy.
No, I'm not snoring. I'm just dreaming about having a bike.
No, I'm not stupid.
No, I'm not suffering from asthma. I'm moaning in lust!
No, I'm not thirsty.
No, I'm not waiting for you, but know that I've loved for the last time.
No, I'm not well.
No, I'm not working tomorrow.
No, I'm not.
No, I'm single.
No, I'm sorry, but I really can't do that.
No, I'm sorry, but I swear I can't do it.
No, I'm still a bachelor.
No, I'm taking you seriously.
No, I'm tired.
No, I'm waiting for a taxi.
No, I'm waiting for my boyfriend.
No, I'm waiting for my wife.
No, I've been engaged to Mary for two years.
No, I've never been there.
No, Israel is not worse than the Nazis; at the current rate, it would take 13,000 years for six million Palestinians to be killed by Israel.
No, I’m afraid not.
No, I’m not Byron, I’m different.
No, I’m not afraid of ghosts.
No, I’m not from the United States.
No, I’m not mad at you, I’m just disappointed.
No, I’m not singing.
No, I’m not sleepy.
No, I’m not suffering from asthma. I’m moaning in lust!
No, I’m tired.
No, I’ve never been there.
No, Laurie isn't fat.
No, Linda will take the bus.
No, Lojban doesn't sound like a rabid dog.
No, Mary isn't my stepsister, she's my half sister.
No, Mary isn't pretty.
No, Mother Goose, it is not a fall this time, but something worse, for I haven't a penny in the world, nor likely to have, and to-morrow is the Fourth of July, when all the boys and girls will have pistols, gunpowder, and fire-works, while I shall not even be able to get one fire-cracker.
No, Mr Miller isn't here. He's having lunch, and won't be back before 1 o'clock.
No, Mr Miller isn't here. He's having lunch, and won't be back before 1 p.m.
No, Mr Miller's not here. He's having lunch, and won't be back before 1 o'clock.
No, Mr Miller's not here. He's having lunch, and won't be back before 1 p.m.
No, Nan, Mickey hasn't been here today. It was Tania who brought the paper.
No, Private Jackson, in this army we don't allow unlisted serial numbers.
No, Sir, I am German.
No, Tom didn't tell me.
No, Tom doesn't have thalassophobia. He just pretends to.
No, Tom has been this whiny ever since he was a kid.
No, Tom, I will not marry you!
No, Tom, don't do that.
No, Tom, that's too dangerous!
No, Tom, you can't touch the paintings!
No, Tom, you kind of gave me your word.
No, Tom.
No, Tom. I'm not letting you cook in my kitchen after what happened last time.
No, Yumi put it in a thermos flask and brought it into the club room.
No, a Rolls Royce isn’t cheaper than a Ford; it’s more expensive than a Ford.
No, a carrot is not important enough to need an exclamation mark after it.
No, a dango is not a mochi.
No, all of us here are under stress.
No, and it is also not under the chair.
No, and it's not under the chair either.
No, but I like going to baseball.
No, but I like going to watch baseball.
No, but I play tennis.
No, but I'll look it up in the dictionary.
No, but I'm a bit chilly.
No, but I'm thirsty.
No, but I’ll look it up in the dictionary.
No, but thank you for the invitation.
No, but thanks for asking.
No, but they might have them at our other store.
No, carrots are not so important as to require exclamation points.
No, dad.
No, daddy.
No, don't add another lamp. This room is already well lit; there's no need to gild the lily.
No, don't do that.
No, don't go yet.
No, don't go.
No, don't say anything!
No, don't say anything! I don't want Tom to know.
No, don't say anything! It could go back to Tom.
No, don't worry about it.
No, don’t go yet.
No, don’t go.
No, don’t worry about it.
No, everything isn't all right.
No, everything's fine, there’s no problem.
No, faith, not a jot; but to follow him thither with modesty / enough, and likelihood to lead it; as thus: Alexander died, / Alexander was buried, Alexander returneth into dust; the dust is / earth; of earth we make loam; and why of that loam (whereto he / was converted) might they not stop a beer barrel? / Imperious Caesar, dead and turn'd to clay, / Might stop a hole to keep the wind away. / O, that that earth which kept the world in awe / Should patch a wall t' expel the winter's flaw!
No, for me, lukewarm milk.
No, he can't.
No, he didn't harass me.
No, he didn't.
No, he didn’t.
No, he doesn't have a motive.
No, he has gone out for lunch already.
No, he hasn't said anything about it.
No, he is my friend, Doctor Watson.
No, he is not.
No, he isn't.
No, he wasn't hurt.
No, he will not.
No, he won't be able to.
No, he's not here.
No, he's not my new boyfriend.
No, he's not there.
No, he's not wearing your clothes.
No, he's our business manager.
No, he’s not my new boyfriend.
No, if you do not start practising from now onwards, it would be too late.
No, in this language indefinite articles don't exist.
No, infertility isn't hereditary.
No, it can't be!
No, it can't be! He can't be dead!
No, it can't be! She can't be dead!
No, it cannot be true.
No, it doesn't have to be.
No, it doesn't hurt.
No, it gains ten minutes a day.
No, it hasn't got to be.
No, it is done.
No, it is enough. I am full.
No, it is not a cat.
No, it is not delicious.
No, it is not me! It is you!
No, it is not.
No, it isn't easy.
No, it isn't possible.
No, it isn't.
No, it needn't be.
No, it only has one meaning.
No, it wasn't her.
No, it wasn't him.
No, it wasn't quite like that.
No, it wasn't you I was talking to.
No, it's a national treasure, you see. This is the first time we've seen it as well.
No, it's been delayed 45 minutes.
No, it's black.
No, it's broken.
No, it's false!
No, it's not a big hedgehog, it's a porcupine.
No, it's not a given.
No, it's not easy.
No, it's not hot.
No, it's not like that.
No, it's not like this.
No, it's not me. It's you!
No, it's not necessary.
No, it's not normal.
No, it's not possible.
No, it's not right.
No, it's not spicy.
No, it's not that.
No, it's not.
No, it's second hand.
No, it's second-hand.
No, it's the least I can do.
No, it's the only way.
No, it's the tomatoes.
No, it’s a national treasure, you see. This is the first time we’ve seen it as well.
No, it’s been delayed 45 minutes.
No, it’s not me. It’s you!
No, it’s not.
No, it’s second hand.
No, it’s the least I can do.
No, just one.
No, just stay and keep company, and it's over!
No, just the one.
No, let's not get pizza.
No, listen, catboy body pillows for middle-aged women are an untapped market.
No, my boy, they don't call us gentlemen, and I never professed to be one; but a man may be a gentleman at heart whatever his business, and that's better than being a gentleman in name.
No, my dear fellow, I don’t think you can help me.
No, my dear, you had better go on horseback.
No, my friend, one must never count on divine justice.
No, my handkerchief isn’t more expensive than my shoes; it’s cheaper than my shoes.
No, my love.
No, my name is not Maria. My name is Teresa.
No, my name is not Maria. My name is Theresa.
No, my name isn't Tom.
No, my name isn't Tom. My name is Mary.
No, my name's not Tom.
No, my parents are actually residing in Minas and Sao Paulo.
No, no! I am going back to town.
No, no! That's not right.
No, no! That’s not right.
No, no, and furthermore, no!
No, no, bring me my silk stockings.
No, no, it's my fault.
No, no, it's on me.
No, no, it’s on me.
No, no, my dear.
No, no, no!
No, no, no, and again, no!
No, no, no, not my Father!
No, no, that's okay.
No, no, that’s okay.
No, no, they can't take that away from me.
No, no. I mean to say that it has originality.
No, nobody wants to hear you sing.
No, not a bit.
No, not at all.
No, not even a little.
No, not how many toys, how many keys?
No, not loathe, I abhor it.
No, not me, but you!
No, not me, you!
No, not me. It's my younger brother.
No, not me. It’s my younger brother.
No, not particularly.
No, not really.
No, not right now.
No, not that one yonder!
No, not that one!
No, not this one!
No, not too much.
No, not yet.
No, of course not.
No, please dial nine first.
No, please don't concern yourself. I have learnt to do as the Romans when in Rome.
No, please don’t concern yourself. I have learnt to do as the Romans when in Rome.
No, please go, both of you. Don't let me be the third wheel.
No, really. What's the deal with Tom?
No, really? When did he leave?
No, really? When did she leave?
No, she can't.
No, she didn't do this.
No, she didn't want to meet up with him.
No, she didn't.
No, she didn’t.
No, she doesn't need that.
No, she has never fallen in love.
No, she is my cousin.
No, she isn’t ten years old.
No, she's American.
No, she's a teacher.
No, she's not here at the moment.
No, she's not in at the moment.
No, she's out.
No, sir, I do not bite my thumb at you, sir, but I bite my thumb, sir.
No, sir, I'm Spanish.
No, sir, I'm not flicking you off, sir, I'm just raising my finger, sir.
No, sir, he's still sleeping.
No, sir, it's free.
No, sit down.
No, sorry, I'm not selling them.
No, sorry, it's not acceptable.
No, sorry, it's not good.
No, sorry.
No, take me back.
No, take your time.
No, thank you very much.
No, thank you, I am pregnant!
No, thank you, I had some supper at Waterloo, but I'll smoke a pipe with you with pleasure.
No, thank you.
No, thank you. I already ate.
No, thank you. I am just looking.
No, thank you. I don't drink coffee.
No, thank you. I don't want any more cake.
No, thank you. I'm full.
No, thank you. I'm just looking around.
No, thank you. I'm just looking.
No, thank you. I'm so full.
No, thank you. I've already eaten.
No, thank you. I've had enough.
No, thank you. I’m full.
No, thank you. I’m just looking around.
No, thank you. I’m just looking.
No, thank you. I’m so full.
No, thank you. I’ve had enough.
No, thanks, old man.
No, thanks.
No, thanks. I am tired.
No, thanks. I don't drink beer.
No, thanks. I'm fine.
No, thanks. I'm just browsing.
No, thanks. I've already eaten.
No, thanks. I’m just browsing.
No, that can't be it.
No, that can't be true.
No, that cannot be true.
No, that does not sound right.
No, that is definitely not normal.
No, that is not me in the picture but my grandfather in his youth.
No, that is not normal.
No, that still doesn't satisfy me.
No, that's all, thank you.
No, that's all.
No, that's impossible.
No, that's not her.
No, that's not him.
No, that's not it.
No, that's not my daughter!
No, that's not my house.
No, that's not my new boyfriend.
No, that's not my new friend.
No, that's not normal.
No, that's not porn; it's an art book!
No, that's not right. You have to set α equal to β.
No, that's not the case at all.
No, that's not the right way. You have to turn it the other way round.
No, that's not the station.
No, that's not true!
No, that's not true.
No, that's not true. Tom didn't change his name. It's just a rumour.
No, that's not what I mean.
No, that's not what I meant!
No, that's not what I meant.
No, that's not what I said.
No, that's not what I wanted!
No, that's not what I was thinking.
No, that's not why.
No, that's too far away for me.
No, that's wrong.
No, that’s all.
No, that’s not my house.
No, that’s not right. You have to set Î± equal to Î².
No, that’s not the right way. You have to turn it the other way round.
No, that’s not the station.
No, the Chinese kitchen is the best.
No, the building is not high, it is low.
No, the building is not tall, it's short.
No, the cat is not small.
No, the cat isn't small.
No, the chairs are next to the table.
No, the flowers are not green, but red, white, yellow or blue.
No, the houses in my village aren't tall, but the gardens are big.
No, the life that a man and a woman build together is rarely happy, don't you think?
No, the police aren't looking for a man with a dog. They're looking for a man with a hat.
No, the police aren't using a dog to look for a man. They're looking for a man who has a dog.
No, the seats weren't leather.
No, the sky won't fall on our heads.
No, the traffic wasn't too bad.
No, the traffic wasn’t too bad.
No, the vaccine doesn't rewrite your DNA.
No, there are no idioms in my language about one-legged dancers.
No, there are no rooms available at the hotel.
No, there is no devil!
No, there is no room in the hotel.
No, there is no such a thing.
No, there's no room at the hotel.
No, there's nobody.
No, these notebooks are not mine.
No, they are not breathing.
No, they will find him here.
No, they will find it here.
No, they'll find him here.
No, they'll find it here.
No, they'll find it there.
No, they're not fascists.
No, they're out.
No, they're staying with me.
No, this is mere superstition.
No, this is my second time.
No, this is my son's DVD.
No, this is my son’s DVD.
No, this is not Rio de Janeiro.
No, this is not a referral. I found your name on my own.
No, this is not my car.
No, this is not possible. I dream.
No, this is perfect.
No, this isn't a chat.
No, this isn't my car.
No, this isn't your bag.
No, this paper isn't white.
No, today I'm not going to school.
No, unfortunately; on the contrary.
No, until now she has never fallen in love.
No, usually I watch them at home on TV.
No, vegetarians don't eat chicken or fish.
No, we are the same age.
No, we aren't twins, not even sister and brother.
No, we can't remain here forever.
No, we can't.
No, we didn't bring anything.
No, we don't have a map.
No, we don't live on Albert street anymore.
No, we have to go now.
No, we will pay for that.
No, we'll be in fighting shape in just a month or two.
No, we'll never become humans!
No, we're not together. Just friends.
No, we've never eaten shark soup.
No, we’ll be in fighting shape in just a month or two.
No, why?
No, you are absolutely wrong. Tom is not radical but conservative. He just hates liberalism.
No, you are not crazy.
No, you are not.
No, you aren't in love, for what you call love is just a psychosocial construct to make people ignore their animalic heritance.
No, you aren't.
No, you can turn it off.
No, you can't do that.
No, you can't drink a cockatiel.
No, you can't use my car!
No, you can't.
No, you cannot use my car!
No, you don't have my approval.
No, you don't have to worry about that.
No, you don't have to.
No, you don't know Java. You know JavaSCRIPT.
No, you don't need to do that.
No, you don't need to send firefighters anymore.
No, you don't stand a chance.
No, you don't stink.
No, you don't understand.
No, you don't.
No, you don’t have to.
No, you don’t know Java. You know JavaSCRIPT.
No, you don’t.
No, you have to make a connecting flight in Chicago.
No, you have to turn around and go back.
No, you heard right.
No, you may not put the colander on your head; you can be an astronaut after I drain the pasta.
No, you may not see that.
No, you may not.
No, you misunderstood.
No, you mustn't because I am not on good terms with her now.
No, you mustn’t because I am not on good terms with her now.
No, you need not go right now.
No, you need not.
No, you needn't do that.
No, you needn't go right now.
No, you pay for it.
No, you say.
No, you won't have your way with me.
No, you won't.
No, you won’t.
No, you're not a cat.
No, you're not born crazy, you become crazy!
No, you're not excused!
No, you're not obliged.
No, you're on time.
No, you're wrong.
No-frills airlines have a bad reputation.
No-one doubts his suitability for this position.
No-one else has seen that woman.
No-one has a dog truer than mine.
No-one invited her.
No-one is more capable of translating your sentences than yourself, surely.
No-one is stopping me.
No-one knows everything.
No-one lays a course of bricks truer than mine.
No-one swims away with their luggage.
No-one's memory is less reliable than mine.
No.
No. 6 is a Japanese anime series about an ultramodern city-state in the post-apocalyptic era.
No. He doesn't like water!
No. He doesn’t like water!
No. I apologise, but I need to leave a bit early.
No. I don't find that very funny.
No. I don't know. It's a lot of things.
No. I don't like to drink after lunch.
No. I don’t know. It’s a lot of things.
No. I have been looking for them for more than one hour.
No. I have not had fun before going to this.
No. I looked for them for more than an hour.
No. I want to pay in cash.
No. I went to Guam once on my honeymoon.
No. I'll never write such words!
No. I'm sorry, I've got to go back early.
No. It is not a matter of partisanship, it is a matter of America.
No. I’m sorry, I’ve got to go back early.
No. Not that I know of.
No. That is the sun.
No. That's the abbreviation for "number."
No. They are too small.
No. You have to buy it at the ticket office.
No. You won't take my baby away from me.
No... I mean, yes.
No... you're just a simple marionette.
No; I haven't touched that stuff in seven years.
No?
No? You don't know it?
Noah fed the hungry ducks.
Noah flipped pancakes skillfully.
Noah goes on a journey.
Noah played fetch with his dog.
Noah preached repentance and those who obeyed were saved.
Noah sailed a boat.
Noah was a just and perfect man in his generation; he walked with God.
Noam Chomsky is a Jewish intellectual of international renown.
Noam Chomsky summed up brainwashing in ten points.
Nobelium is an actinide with element symbol No and atomic number 102.
Nobility has little role in the United States.
Nobility is a scam.
Nobility is no guarantee of wisdom.
Nobility lies not in one's blood, but in one's character.
Nobita is someone who can bestow happiness upon others and shoulder their misfortunes. That is, for a human, an extremely valuable trait. He'll probably make you happy, too.
Noble apes, I call on you not to buy cheese puffs!
Noble be man, helpful and good.
Noble is as noble does.
Nobles are born, not made.
Nobles do not exist merely because there is a peerage system. Even if there were no peerage system, there will be people who are naturally dominant and who will quickly rise to nobility. So much for our nobility then. Why, we are mere peasants.
Noboby seems to care about my problem.
Nobody I know can do that.
Nobody I know does that.
Nobody I know enjoys doing that.
Nobody I know ever paid sticker price for a car.
Nobody I know goes there anymore because it's too crowded.
Nobody I know got killed in South Central L.A.
Nobody I know had to do that.
Nobody I know has been to Australia.
Nobody I know has done that.
Nobody I know has to do that.
Nobody I know is able to do that.
Nobody I know knows how to do that.
Nobody I know likes Tom.
Nobody I know likes doing that.
Nobody I know likes to do that.
Nobody I know misses Tom.
Nobody I know needed to do that.
Nobody I know needs to do that.
Nobody I know really enjoys doing that.
Nobody I know really wants to do that.
Nobody I know studies French.
Nobody I know teaches French.
Nobody I know trusts Tom.
Nobody I know wanted to do that.
Nobody I know wants to do that.
Nobody I know went to Australia.
Nobody I know would say something like that.
Nobody acted off.
Nobody acted surprised.
Nobody acts like that.
Nobody admitted to the crime.
Nobody agreed with you, did they?
Nobody answered Tom.
Nobody answered her.
Nobody answered him.
Nobody answered me.
Nobody answered my question.
Nobody answered my questions.
Nobody answered the door.
Nobody answered the phone yesterday.
Nobody answered the phone.
Nobody answered the telephone.
Nobody answered them.
Nobody answered us.
Nobody answered.
Nobody anticipated such a sharp decline in interest rates.
Nobody appreciated his sacrifice.
Nobody appreciates me.
Nobody argued against choosing him as chairman.
Nobody around here does anything.
Nobody arrived late.
Nobody asked Mary.
Nobody asked Tom if he liked it or not.
Nobody asked Tom to do it for us.
Nobody asked Tom.
Nobody asked Ziri that.
Nobody asked about Tom's opinion.
Nobody asked about your opinion.
Nobody asked any questions.
Nobody asked for my advice.
Nobody asked for my opinion.
Nobody asked for their money back.
Nobody asked for your help.
Nobody asked for your opinion.
Nobody asked her.
Nobody asked him.
Nobody asked me any questions.
Nobody asked me anything.
Nobody asked me for a solution.
Nobody asked me for anything.
Nobody asked me if I liked it or not.
Nobody asked me if I wanted it.
Nobody asked me to dance.
Nobody asked me to stay.
Nobody asked me whether I liked it.
Nobody asked me.
Nobody asked questions about my country.
Nobody asked them.
Nobody asked us anything.
Nobody asked us.
Nobody asked what I thought about it.
Nobody asked what Tom's opinion was.
Nobody asked you to come here.
Nobody asked you to do that.
Nobody asked you.
Nobody asked your opinion!
Nobody asked.
Nobody asks me for anything.
Nobody asks me questions about my country.
Nobody at home?
Nobody at the airport would tell us anything about the crash.
Nobody at the company escaped from Tom's anger. Each worker got scolded.
Nobody at the party knew Tom had just gotten out of prison.
Nobody at the party knew that Tom had just gotten out of prison.
Nobody attacked us.
Nobody backed up what I said.
Nobody beats Tom.
Nobody beats Yanni.
Nobody beats him!
Nobody becomes a dictator because they want to sacrifice.
Nobody behaves like that.
Nobody believed Kevin because all he ever told were tall stories.
Nobody believed Kevin because he always makes up stories.
Nobody believed Tom at first.
Nobody believed Tom would actually do that.
Nobody believed Tom's story.
Nobody believed Tom.
Nobody believed he stood a chance of winning the match.
Nobody believed her.
Nobody believed him.
Nobody believed in my country.
Nobody believed me.
Nobody believed that Tom would actually do that.
Nobody believed that he went to Switzerland.
Nobody believed them.
Nobody believed us.
Nobody believed what I said.
Nobody believed you at first.
Nobody believed you, did they?
Nobody believed you.
Nobody believes Tom is innocent.
Nobody believes Tom.
Nobody believes him.
Nobody believes in him.
Nobody believes in my country.
Nobody believes me.
Nobody believes that anymore.
Nobody believes that you're guilty.
Nobody believes what I say.
Nobody believes what Tom says.
Nobody believes you're guilty.
Nobody believes you.
Nobody belongs to anybody.
Nobody belongs to anyone else.
Nobody better get in our way.
Nobody better try to stop me.
Nobody blamed Tom for that.
Nobody blames you for that.
Nobody bore me out.
Nobody bothered me.
Nobody bought anything Tom was trying to sell.
Nobody bought it.
Nobody bowed to him.
Nobody brought eating utensils to the party.
Nobody brought you happiness.
Nobody but John has heard of it.
Nobody but Russia is to blame for the war in Ukraine.
Nobody but Tom agreed with me.
Nobody but Tom agrees with you.
Nobody but Tom and Mary do that.
Nobody but Tom and Mary were ready.
Nobody but Tom could do that.
Nobody but Tom did that.
Nobody but Tom does it.
Nobody but Tom does that.
Nobody but Tom is capable of doing that.
Nobody but Tom is capable of that.
Nobody but Tom knows what to do.
Nobody but Tom left early.
Nobody but Tom left.
Nobody but Tom was ready.
Nobody but a fool would believe it.
Nobody but you can make me happy.
Nobody but you could have done it this well.
Nobody but you could've done it this well.
Nobody buys these anymore.
Nobody by that name is to be found around here.
Nobody called Mary.
Nobody called Tom.
Nobody called her.
Nobody called him.
Nobody called me.
Nobody called the cops.
Nobody called the police.
Nobody called them.
Nobody called us.
Nobody called while I was out, did they?
Nobody called you.
Nobody called.
Nobody calls Jackson by his first name.
Nobody calls me Tom anymore.
Nobody calls me a thief and gets away with it.
Nobody calls me that.
Nobody came back.
Nobody came for Gustavo’s rescue.
Nobody came here.
Nobody came in time.
Nobody came into the store all weekend.
Nobody came out of the truck.
Nobody came to Tom's funeral.
Nobody came to Tom's party.
Nobody came to apologise to Tom.
Nobody came to apologize to Tom.
Nobody came to help him.
Nobody came to help me.
Nobody came to help us.
Nobody came to my country.
Nobody came to my rescue.
Nobody came to rescue me.
Nobody came to see Tom off.
Nobody came to see me.
Nobody came to the party.
Nobody came to visit.
Nobody came to work this morning.
Nobody came to work today.
Nobody came while you were away.
Nobody came with me.
Nobody came.
Nobody can answer that question.
Nobody can answer this question.
Nobody can avoid death.
Nobody can avoid justice.
Nobody can be a head coach of a soccer team without being a soccer player.
Nobody can be everywhere.
Nobody can be one hundred percent objective.
Nobody can be perfect.
Nobody can be that lucky.
Nobody can beat Tom except Mary.
Nobody can beat Tom.
Nobody can beat Yanni.
Nobody can beat me.
Nobody can beat you.
Nobody can believe in you more than yourself.
Nobody can blame Tom for this.
Nobody can blame Tom.
Nobody can blame you for falling in love with Tom.
Nobody can blame you for that.
Nobody can break his record.
Nobody can bring back a time gone by.
Nobody can bring you peace but yourself.
Nobody can cancel our agreement.
Nobody can change history, although many have tried.
Nobody can change that.
Nobody can clearly see the situation.
Nobody can come in here without our permission.
Nobody can compete with that.
Nobody can conceive or imagine all the wonders there are unseen and unseeable in the world.
Nobody can control us.
Nobody can convince me otherwise.
Nobody can deceive me.
Nobody can defeat us!
Nobody can deny that the prisoner is guilty.
Nobody can deny that.
Nobody can deny the fact that Leanne is my girlfriend.
Nobody can deny the fact that the world economy is centered around the economy of the United States.
Nobody can deny the fact the world economy revolves around the American economy.
Nobody can deny this fact.
Nobody can deny those facts.
Nobody can destroy a true friendship.
Nobody can dispense with somebody's service.
Nobody can dispense with somebody’s service.
Nobody can disrupt true friendship.
Nobody can disrupt true friendships.
Nobody can disturb a true friendship.
Nobody can do anything about it.
Nobody can do better than us.
Nobody can do it as well as Tom can.
Nobody can do it like he can.
Nobody can do it.
Nobody can do that as well as I can, not even Tom.
Nobody can do that as well as Tom can.
Nobody can do that as well as me, not even Tom.
Nobody can do that better than Tom.
Nobody can do that but you.
Nobody can do that.
Nobody can do the job better than Tom.
Nobody can do this better than Tom.
Nobody can do two things at once.
Nobody can ensure that.
Nobody can enter without our permission.
Nobody can equal him in English.
Nobody can escape death.
Nobody can ever change that.
Nobody can ever help me.
Nobody can exist without food.
Nobody can explain Tom's sudden disappearance.
Nobody can explain how it happened.
Nobody can explain this.
Nobody can figure it out.
Nobody can find us here.
Nobody can fix this.
Nobody can force you to do business with those people.
Nobody can foresee what'll happen.
Nobody can foresee what’ll happen.
Nobody can foresee when the war will end.
Nobody can get along with him.
Nobody can get along with such a person.
Nobody can get in there.
Nobody can give you a ride.
Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you're a man, you take it.
Nobody can go back.
Nobody can go there without our permission.
Nobody can guess her age.
Nobody can hear me.
Nobody can hear us.
Nobody can hear you there.
Nobody can hear you.
Nobody can help Tom.
Nobody can help her.
Nobody can help him now.
Nobody can help him.
Nobody can help laughing at his eccentric behavior.
Nobody can help me in any way.
Nobody can help me.
Nobody can help them.
Nobody can help us.
Nobody can help you now.
Nobody can help you.
Nobody can hold you back from your potential.
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.
Nobody can ignore these problems.
Nobody can keep us apart now.
Nobody can know everything.
Nobody can know it.
Nobody can know that.
Nobody can know this very well.
Nobody can lighten my burden.
Nobody can lighten our burden.
Nobody can lighten their burden.
Nobody can lighten your burden.
Nobody can live by himself.
Nobody can live for two hundred years.
Nobody can live in the past. Life is now.
Nobody can live to be two hundred years old.
Nobody can love him.
Nobody can make an omelette without breaking eggs.
Nobody can make pizza as well as Tom can.
Nobody can make us do that.
Nobody can measure up to Ziri.
Nobody can move this heavy stone.
Nobody can open the door.
Nobody can outdo my generosity, but I am only a little boastful.
Nobody can pay that.
Nobody can pay this.
Nobody can predict the future.
Nobody can prevent this plan from being carried out.
Nobody can prove that.
Nobody can put anything over on the bureau chief.
Nobody can really understand the difficulties you're facing.
Nobody can refute that fact.
Nobody can replace Tom.
Nobody can replace me.
Nobody can replace you.
Nobody can resist Tom's charm.
Nobody can roof a house with a single tile.
Nobody can run as fast as Tom can.
Nobody can run as fast as Tom.
Nobody can run faster than Tom.
Nobody can save me.
Nobody can save you.
Nobody can say no to Tom.
Nobody can say what will happen in the future.
Nobody can see Tom.
Nobody can see her.
Nobody can see him.
Nobody can see it.
Nobody can see this movie without being moved.
Nobody can see us.
Nobody can see you.
Nobody can serve two masters.
Nobody can solve the issues facing the middle class and working class of this country unless we put together a strong politically active grassroots movement.
Nobody can solve this problem.
Nobody can stand Tom.
Nobody can stand you.
Nobody can stop Tom.
Nobody can stop her.
Nobody can stop him.
Nobody can stop it.
Nobody can stop me from doing this.
Nobody can stop me from leaving.
Nobody can stop me from talking to Marika.
Nobody can stop me from talking to Tom.
Nobody can stop me from winning.
Nobody can stop me!
Nobody can stop me.
Nobody can stop them.
Nobody can stop time.
Nobody can stop us from doing that.
Nobody can stop us from doing what we want to do.
Nobody can stop us now.
Nobody can stop us.
Nobody can stop what is happening now.
Nobody can stop what's happening now.
Nobody can stop you from doing that.
Nobody can stop you now.
Nobody can stop you.
Nobody can surpass Tom.
Nobody can surpass him.
Nobody can take you guys.
Nobody can take you.
Nobody can talk to animals.
Nobody can tell you who your father is.
Nobody can translate his sentences because they are quite difficult.
Nobody can trust Tom.
Nobody can understand Tom better than me.
Nobody can understand him.
Nobody can understand it.
Nobody can understand me.
Nobody can understand the struggles you're going through.
Nobody can understand what you're going through.
Nobody cared about Tom's opinion.
Nobody cared what Tom needed.
Nobody cares about Mennad.
Nobody cares about Tom anymore.
Nobody cares about Tom's opinion here.
Nobody cares about me.
Nobody cares about my problems.
Nobody cares about my situation.
Nobody cares about our problems.
Nobody cares about that, Tom.
Nobody cares about that.
Nobody cares about these questions.
Nobody cares about this except you.
Nobody cares about this.
Nobody cares about what you said.
Nobody cares about you unless you're beautiful, rich, or dead.
Nobody cares about you, Tom.
Nobody cares about you.
Nobody cares about your conscience.
Nobody cares about your life.
Nobody cares for me.
Nobody cares how much the dinner is going to cost.
Nobody cares if I die or not.
Nobody cares that much.
Nobody cares what I think.
Nobody cares what Tom thinks.
Nobody cares what happens to Tom.
Nobody cares what you are doing.
Nobody cares what you do.
Nobody cares what you think.
Nobody cares what you're bad at, and neither should you. Amplify your strengths. Nobody will see the rest.
Nobody cares what you're doing.
Nobody cares when Tom says he's leaving.
Nobody cares when Tom says he’s leaving.
Nobody cares whether I die or not.
Nobody cares who Tom hired for the job.
Nobody cares who you are.
Nobody cares why Tom and Mary are vegetarians.
Nobody cares why Tom is a vegetarian.
Nobody cares.
Nobody challenged us.
Nobody checked it.
Nobody chose their parents nor where they were born.
Nobody circles the wagons like the Buffalo Bills.
Nobody claimed responsibility.
Nobody claimed that baby.
Nobody collect the lost things.
Nobody comes here anymore.
Nobody comes here.
Nobody comes to my country.
Nobody comes to visit us anymore.
Nobody comforted us when we were mourning.
Nobody compares with her in French.
Nobody complained about that.
Nobody complained.
Nobody comprehended him.
Nobody confirmed what I said.
Nobody considered it.
Nobody considers Tom a cheapskate.
Nobody consoled you when you were sad.
Nobody contacted me.
Nobody contradicted Tom.
Nobody contributed to the understanding of dreams as much as Freud.
Nobody could answer Tom's question.
Nobody could answer my questions.
Nobody could answer that question.
Nobody could be even more stupid than me.
Nobody could believe it.
Nobody could believe that happened to Yanni.
Nobody could believe what he saw.
Nobody could catch those last few hens.
Nobody could decide as to what to do.
Nobody could do it better than Tom.
Nobody could do that job.
Nobody could do that.
Nobody could explain how the thing was made.
Nobody could explain why that happened.
Nobody could figure out why that happened.
Nobody could find Layla.
Nobody could find Tom.
Nobody could get any sleep.
Nobody could get in the building.
Nobody could get in.
Nobody could get out.
Nobody could give the correct answer.
Nobody could have expected this.
Nobody could have guessed it.
Nobody could have guessed, in those days, the place in history that Martin Luther King, Jr. was to have.
Nobody could have known that this was going to happen.
Nobody could have planned this.
Nobody could hear what Tom was saying.
Nobody could help me but Tom.
Nobody could make that work.
Nobody could refuse their invitation.
Nobody could remember the sequence of events.
Nobody could say no to Tom.
Nobody could see Tom.
Nobody could see an alternative for Algeria.
Nobody could slow Gabor down.
Nobody could solve the problem.
Nobody could stay awake that night.
Nobody could stop me.
Nobody could survive a fall like that.
Nobody could tear apart the bond that Tom and Mary have together.
Nobody could tell Tom anything.
Nobody could tell her anything.
Nobody could tell him anything.
Nobody could tell me anything.
Nobody could tell me what it was.
Nobody could tell me where Tom and Mary were.
Nobody could tell me where Tom was.
Nobody could tell me why that happened.
Nobody could tell them anything.
Nobody could tell us anything.
Nobody could tell what he meant by that.
Nobody could trust anybody.
Nobody could've expected this.
Nobody could've guessed it.
Nobody could've helped Tom.
Nobody could've helped.
Nobody could've known that this was going to happen.
Nobody could've planned this.
Nobody counted on Tom coming.
Nobody counted on Tom to come.
Nobody cried.
Nobody criticized my country.
Nobody criticizes my country.
Nobody crosses me and gets away with it.
Nobody dared interrupt Tom.
Nobody dared say a thing.
Nobody dared to enter the cave except for Tom.
Nobody dared to help Gunter except for Rima.
Nobody dared to interrupt Tom.
Nobody dared to speak about Ivan.
Nobody dared to touch a maggot wound, a serious wound for a donkey.
Nobody dared whisper a word.
Nobody defended my country.
Nobody defends my country.
Nobody delved into the meaning of what was said.
Nobody deserves betrayal.
Nobody deserves his misfortunes.
Nobody deserves that.
Nobody deserves to die like that.
Nobody deserves to die.
Nobody did anything about it.
Nobody did anything about that.
Nobody did anything after that.
Nobody did anything or said anything.
Nobody did anything worthy this year.
Nobody did anything.
Nobody did that except Tom.
Nobody did that with me.
Nobody did that.
Nobody did what they were supposed to do.
Nobody died today.
Nobody died.
Nobody dies without heirs.
Nobody dies.
Nobody disliked Tom.
Nobody does anything for free.
Nobody does anything for nothing.
Nobody does anything without a reason.
Nobody does it better than Tom.
Nobody does it better.
Nobody does that alone.
Nobody does that anymore.
Nobody does that better than Tom does.
Nobody does that better than Tom.
Nobody does that here.
Nobody does that other than you.
Nobody does that.
Nobody does this kind of thing alone.
Nobody does this like Ziri does it.
Nobody doubted that.
Nobody doubts Tom will come soon.
Nobody doubts Tom will do that tomorrow.
Nobody doubts Tom will enjoy doing that.
Nobody doubts his fitness for the position.
Nobody doubts that Mary is telling the truth, but her way of speaking makes people uncomfortable.
Nobody doubts that Tom will come soon.
Nobody doubts that Tom will do that tomorrow.
Nobody doubts that Tom will enjoy doing that.
Nobody doubts that you'll be able to pass the examination.
Nobody doubts you'll be able to pass the examination.
Nobody else at the party spoke French.
Nobody else believed me.
Nobody else believes Tom and Mary are still alive.
Nobody else believes Tom is still alive.
Nobody else bothered us.
Nobody else can enter the building, as it could collapse at any moment.
Nobody else can know.
Nobody else can.
Nobody else could find Tom, but I knew exactly where he was.
Nobody else could've done that.
Nobody else got hurt.
Nobody else has a chance.
Nobody else has a key.
Nobody else has complained.
Nobody else has one of these.
Nobody else has one of those.
Nobody else has to know.
Nobody else here speaks French.
Nobody else is doing this.
Nobody else is going to want it.
Nobody else is here.
Nobody else is in the mosque.
Nobody else knew Tom and Mary were going to be here.
Nobody else knew Tom was going to be here.
Nobody else knew about it.
Nobody else knows how to do that.
Nobody else knows the code I use for the bank.
Nobody else mattered anymore.
Nobody else offered to help.
Nobody else seemed to be amused.
Nobody else seemed to mind.
Nobody else showed up.
Nobody else wanted it, so I offered it to Tom.
Nobody else was ever there.
Nobody else was in the car.
Nobody else was in the park.
Nobody else was in the room.
Nobody else was in the yard.
Nobody else was involved in the murder.
Nobody else was there that night except Yanni.
Nobody else was there.
Nobody else was up there.
Nobody else will do this.
Nobody else will make you a better offer.
Nobody else would ever tell you that again.
Nobody else would help Tom.
Nobody else would help her.
Nobody else would help him.
Nobody else would help them.
Nobody else would help us.
Nobody encouraged Tom to study.
Nobody encouraged Tom to work any harder.
Nobody encouraged Tom to work.
Nobody encouraged Tom.
Nobody encouraged her.
Nobody encouraged him.
Nobody enjoys a clammy handshake.
Nobody enlightened Tom.
Nobody envied the old man, who was a millionaire.
Nobody equals him in strength.
Nobody escapes their destiny.
Nobody even listens to me.
Nobody even noticed.
Nobody even plays jump-rope these days, anyway.
Nobody even stopped Leon when he took Rima’s purse.
Nobody ever asked how I was doing.
Nobody ever asked me anything.
Nobody ever asked.
Nobody ever asks me anything.
Nobody ever believed you.
Nobody ever believes Tom.
Nobody ever believes me.
Nobody ever calls me anymore.
Nobody ever calls me.
Nobody ever came to see me in the hospital.
Nobody ever caught Tom stealing.
Nobody ever changes around here.
Nobody ever comes here in the morning.
Nobody ever comes here, unless they have good cause.
Nobody ever comes here.
Nobody ever comes to see me in hospital.
Nobody ever comes to see us in this out-of-the-way village.
Nobody ever comes to visit me.
Nobody ever comes to visit us.
Nobody ever does anything.
Nobody ever does that anymore.
Nobody ever found gold there.
Nobody ever found her cat.
Nobody ever gives me anything.
Nobody ever goes there anymore.
Nobody ever goes there.
Nobody ever got rich by saving on drinks.
Nobody ever has loved me since I can remember.
Nobody ever has the perfect words.
Nobody ever helped me.
Nobody ever helped us.
Nobody ever helps me.
Nobody ever knows anyone.
Nobody ever laughs at my jokes.
Nobody ever leaves that castle.
Nobody ever leaves this place alive.
Nobody ever listens.
Nobody ever loved me before.
Nobody ever loved me.
Nobody ever notices me.
Nobody ever praises him.
Nobody ever really knows anyone.
Nobody ever really leaves you.
Nobody ever saw Ziri again.
Nobody ever saw a dog make a fair and deliberate exchange of one bone for another with another dog.
Nobody ever saw hide or hair of him.
Nobody ever says no to me.
Nobody ever sits there.
Nobody ever spoke of it again.
Nobody ever suspected Tom.
Nobody ever talked about that.
Nobody ever talks about it.
Nobody ever talks to me.
Nobody ever tells me anything.
Nobody ever tells me the truth.
Nobody ever tells us anything.
Nobody ever thanked me.
Nobody ever told me anything about it.
Nobody ever told me that before.
Nobody ever visits us.
Nobody ever wants to be without money.
Nobody ever wins a lawsuit but the lawyers.
Nobody except Tom agreed to do that.
Nobody except Tom could do that.
Nobody except Tom did that.
Nobody except the king admires the king.
Nobody exists in the front of the bus.
Nobody expected Tom to react that way.
Nobody expected Tom to win.
Nobody expected anything from me.
Nobody expected anything from you.
Nobody expected something like that to happen.
Nobody expected that his condition would take a sudden turn.
Nobody expected the outcome.
Nobody expected this from Tom.
Nobody expects the Portuguese Inquisition.
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition!
Nobody explained anything to Tom.
Nobody explained anything to us.
Nobody explained how it happened.
Nobody explained it.
Nobody failed in the tactics.
Nobody feels good.
Nobody feels optimistic today.
Nobody fell behind in the marathon race.
Nobody felt like leaving.
Nobody followed you.
Nobody forced Tom to agree to do that.
Nobody forced Tom to do that.
Nobody forced him to convert to Islam.
Nobody forced me to become a Muslim.
Nobody forced me to do it.
Nobody forced me to do that.
Nobody forced me to do this.
Nobody forced me to say that.
Nobody forced you to come here.
Nobody forced you to do that.
Nobody forced you to help me.
Nobody forced you to say that.
Nobody forces you to eat it.
Nobody forces you to go there.
Nobody forces you to translate that.
Nobody forgets my country.
Nobody forgot my country.
Nobody from Tom's family attended the wedding.
Nobody gained weight.
Nobody gave Tom a chance.
Nobody gave Tom anything.
Nobody gave it to him.
Nobody gave it to me.
Nobody gave me any food.
Nobody gave me any money.
Nobody gave me that.
Nobody gave us a chance.
Nobody gave us anything.
Nobody gets any work done when Tom is here.
Nobody gets left behind.
Nobody gets used to that.
Nobody gets you.
Nobody gives a crap about us.
Nobody gives a damn.
Nobody gives a fuck.
Nobody gives me any respect.
Nobody go in there.
Nobody goes in there.
Nobody goes outside in this kind of weather.
Nobody goes there anymore.
Nobody goes there anymore. It’s too crowded.
Nobody goes to Australia anymore.
Nobody goes to Boston anymore.
Nobody goes to my country.
Nobody goes to the library anymore.
Nobody got arrested last night.
Nobody got hurt.
Nobody got injured.
Nobody got killed.
Nobody got on the plane.
Nobody got paid.
Nobody got shot.
Nobody got up.
Nobody got zero in that test.
Nobody had Internet in my country.
Nobody had a problem with that except for Tom.
Nobody had a weapon.
Nobody had an answer.
Nobody had an idea that Tom was going to commit suicide.
Nobody had any idea that Tom was in Boston.
Nobody had any idea what I wanted.
Nobody had any idea what was going to happen.
Nobody had any money.
Nobody had anything better to do.
Nobody had anything else to say.
Nobody had anything more to say.
Nobody had come.
Nobody had done that before.
Nobody had even the faintest idea what might've happened.
Nobody had ever asked Mary out before.
Nobody had ever asked Tom that before.
Nobody had ever asked Tom that question before.
Nobody had ever done anything like that before.
Nobody had ever done anything like this before.
Nobody had ever done this before.
Nobody had ever done this for me.
Nobody had ever heard of it.
Nobody had ever kissed me before.
Nobody had ever seen such a thing.
Nobody had faith in Tom.
Nobody had faith in Ziri.
Nobody had fun.
Nobody had gone in or out during the previous hour, she informed me.
Nobody had seen such a beautiful painting.
Nobody had the courage to say it to Tom.
Nobody had the courage to say it to him.
Nobody had to tell Tom. He already knew.
Nobody had to tell me. I already knew.
Nobody had to wait.
Nobody handed Tom anything.
Nobody has Internet in my country.
Nobody has a landline these days.
Nobody has a monopoly on truth.
Nobody has a perfect life, my dear.
Nobody has a right to speak like that.
Nobody has a soul.
Nobody has an ideal life, that's not something that even exist.
Nobody has anything better to do.
Nobody has asked them to speak on our name.
Nobody has asked you to agree, but can't you at least accept that there are people who hold different views from you?
Nobody has been able to scientifically explain the phenomenon.
Nobody has been able to solve this problem.
Nobody has been arrested for that crime.
Nobody has been arrested yet.
Nobody has been charged.
Nobody has been fired yet.
Nobody has been forgotten and nothing has been forgotten.
Nobody has been formally charged.
Nobody has been here for years.
Nobody has been hired yet.
Nobody has been hurt.
Nobody has been injured yet.
Nobody has been killed yet.
Nobody has been punished yet.
Nobody has broken in.
Nobody has come in time.
Nobody has come to see me in the hospital.
Nobody has come today.
Nobody has come up yet.
Nobody has complained about that yet.
Nobody has deleted this sentence.
Nobody has died yet from overwork. But why take the risk?
Nobody has died.
Nobody has done anything quite like this before.
Nobody has done anything.
Nobody has done it yet.
Nobody has done this before.
Nobody has enough knowledge to adjust this equipment like John did.
Nobody has ever acknowledged Alice's existence.
Nobody has ever asked me that before.
Nobody has ever asked such a question before.
Nobody has ever attempted to do that.
Nobody has ever been able to do that.
Nobody has ever changed their mind after reading a comment section flamewar.
Nobody has ever climbed that mountain.
Nobody has ever come back from the afterlife.
Nobody has ever complained about that.
Nobody has ever crossed over and come back.
Nobody has ever done anything like this before.
Nobody has ever done anything like this for me before.
Nobody has ever done that.
Nobody has ever done this before.
Nobody has ever held my hand.
Nobody has ever kissed Tom.
Nobody has ever kissed me.
Nobody has ever loved him.
Nobody has ever made it back from the other side.
Nobody has ever passed over and returned.
Nobody has ever resurrected from the dead.
Nobody has ever returned from the other side.
Nobody has ever seen Tom eat anything.
Nobody has ever spoken French to me.
Nobody has ever told you that before, have they?
Nobody has ever written a letter to him.
Nobody has explained anything to me.
Nobody has found anything yet.
Nobody has found anything.
Nobody has gotten it yet.
Nobody has heard about you.
Nobody has heard anything from Tom since he went to Boston.
Nobody has heard of it but me.
Nobody has informed Tom about it.
Nobody has innate knowledge.
Nobody has listened to me so far.
Nobody has lived in that house for five years.
Nobody has lived in this house for years.
Nobody has lived there for five years.
Nobody has made a decision yet.
Nobody has managed to please everyone.
Nobody has managed to survive.
Nobody has more respect for women than I do.
Nobody has objected to my doing that.
Nobody has replied yet.
Nobody has seen God.
Nobody has seen Tom for a while.
Nobody has seen Tom for years.
Nobody has seen Tom recently.
Nobody has seen Tom since morning.
Nobody has seen Tom since then.
Nobody has seen Tom since this morning.
Nobody has seen Tom since yesterday morning.
Nobody has seen Tom since.
Nobody has seen Tom today.
Nobody has seen anything.
Nobody has seen him ever since.
Nobody has seen the bird fly.
Nobody has seen them.
Nobody has solved the problem.
Nobody has succeeded.
Nobody has the answer.
Nobody has the intention of building a wall.
Nobody has the right to control us.
Nobody has the right to do that.
Nobody has the right to judge you.
Nobody has the right to take another's life.
Nobody has the right to take the life of another being.
Nobody has time for that sort of thing.
Nobody has to know about what you just did.
Nobody has to know.
Nobody has told Mary what she needs to do.
Nobody has told Tom and Mary what they need to do.
Nobody has told Tom what he needs to do.
Nobody has told me which desk is mine.
Nobody has told us anything.
Nobody has understood it yet.
Nobody has volunteered to help us yet.
Nobody hated my country.
Nobody hates my country.
Nobody hates you.
Nobody have it easy in life.
Nobody having any more to say, the meeting was closed.
Nobody having any question, he ended the lecture.
Nobody having anything more to say, the meeting was closed.
Nobody heard Tom enter the room.
Nobody heard Tom scream.
Nobody heard Tom's screams.
Nobody heard a thing.
Nobody heard about my country.
Nobody heard anything about my country.
Nobody heard anything.
Nobody heard him.
Nobody heard it.
Nobody heard me.
Nobody heard or saw anything.
Nobody heard the bell ring.
Nobody heard the blast.
Nobody heard the shot.
Nobody heard them.
Nobody heard us.
Nobody heard you.
Nobody hears about my country.
Nobody helped Tom do that.
Nobody helped Tom.
Nobody helped anyone out.
Nobody helped her.
Nobody helped him.
Nobody helped me do this.
Nobody helped me.
Nobody helped us, not even Tom.
Nobody helped us.
Nobody helps Tom, but he never complains.
Nobody helps anybody here.
Nobody helps us.
Nobody here believes Tom anymore.
Nobody here can guarantee safety for Tom.
Nobody here can help me.
Nobody here dances as well as you do.
Nobody here dances as well as you.
Nobody here denies that.
Nobody here does that anymore.
Nobody here does that except for me, apparently.
Nobody here does that.
Nobody here eats meat.
Nobody here even tried to do that.
Nobody here is as rich as I am.
Nobody here is as rich as me.
Nobody here is curious about Tom.
Nobody here is denying that.
Nobody here knows Tom.
Nobody here knows me.
Nobody here knows my name.
Nobody here knows my real name.
Nobody here knows we're cousins.
Nobody here knows what Tom and Mary look like.
Nobody here knows what Tom looks like.
Nobody here likes Tom much.
Nobody here lives an atheistic life. During disasters and during fortunes everyone relies on God.
Nobody here ordered a pizza.
Nobody here really knows.
Nobody here recalls Tom.
Nobody here remembers Tom.
Nobody here seems to believe me.
Nobody here seems to know where Tom and Mary are.
Nobody here seems to know where Tom is.
Nobody here smokes.
Nobody here speaks French.
Nobody here takes Tom seriously.
Nobody here tried to do that.
Nobody here wants that.
Nobody here wants to fail.
Nobody here wants to hurt Tom.
Nobody here wants to talk about Tom.
Nobody here wrote anything else.
Nobody hid anything there.
Nobody holds you responsible.
Nobody home?
Nobody hugged Tom.
Nobody hugs Tom anymore.
Nobody hurt me.
Nobody hurt us.
Nobody hurts like I do.
Nobody in Avonlea had ever kept a parrot before.
Nobody in Tom's family seems to enjoy swimming.
Nobody in Washington really cares about Algeria.
Nobody in my family can do that.
Nobody in my family can play a musical instrument.
Nobody in my family is a musician.
Nobody in my family sings very well.
Nobody in my family smokes.
Nobody in the company can stand Tom.
Nobody in the office can stand working with Tom.
Nobody in the room could speak French.
Nobody in the village was called that.
Nobody in the world wants war.
Nobody in their right mind would do something like that.
Nobody in their right mind would do that.
Nobody in their right mind would live in a place like this.
Nobody in this world has ever solved life's biggest mystery of how life in the universe all came about, it's a mystery that has lelt humanity as a whole puzzled since day one.
Nobody insulted my country.
Nobody insults my country.
Nobody intends to erect a wall.
Nobody interfered.
Nobody invested in my country.
Nobody invests in my country.
Nobody invited Tom and yet, he came.
Nobody invited Tom to the party.
Nobody invited Tom, but he came anyway.
Nobody invited Tom.
Nobody invited me to the party.
Nobody invited you here.
Nobody invited you to the party.
Nobody is able to read his writing.
Nobody is able to run away from his heart. It is the reason why, it is better to listen to it.
Nobody is able to succeed without endurance.
Nobody is above suspicion.
Nobody is against prostitution in itself but not a single soul likes prostitutes. They do nothing but blackmail and manipulate you. They care less about your well-being, all they care for is their money.
Nobody is allowed in this room.
Nobody is allowed to do that.
Nobody is allowed to go there without my permission.
Nobody is allowed to hurt Tom.
Nobody is allowed to leave the classroom until the bell rings.
Nobody is allowed to see Tom now.
Nobody is allowed to see Tom until Monday.
Nobody is allowed to see Tom.
Nobody is an island.
Nobody is as unhappy as I am.
Nobody is as unhappy as me.
Nobody is asking Ziri to leave.
Nobody is at home.
Nobody is attracted by my country.
Nobody is authorized to check what is going on at Guantanamo.
Nobody is being hurt.
Nobody is being refused service.
Nobody is better at this than Tom.
Nobody is better at this than me.
Nobody is better at this than we are.
Nobody is better at this than you.
Nobody is better than him.
Nobody is born good, they have to learn how to be virtuous.
Nobody is born knowing.
Nobody is born knowledgeable.
Nobody is born learned.
Nobody is born under an unlucky star, there are only people who cannot read the sky.
Nobody is bothering us tonight.
Nobody is cleverer than he.
Nobody is comfortable with that.
Nobody is complaining. We don't need to worry.
Nobody is concealing anything except the fact that he does not understand anything anymore and wishes he could go home.
Nobody is cooperating.
Nobody is doing anything.
Nobody is equal to this young woman in the field of music.
Nobody is evil.
Nobody is expected to do the impossible.
Nobody is ferpect.
Nobody is forcing you to do this.
Nobody is forcing you to eat it.
Nobody is free from care.
Nobody is going anywhere.
Nobody is going to believe me.
Nobody is going to force you to do something that you don't want to do.
Nobody is going to hurt you.
Nobody is going to know where you purchased your clothes.
Nobody is going to notice, I suppose.
Nobody is going to pour truth into your brain. It's something you have to find out for yourself.
Nobody is going to recognize you.
Nobody is going to replace you.
Nobody is going to show up.
Nobody is going to silence me.
Nobody is going to stop me.
Nobody is going to stop us.
Nobody is going to stop you.
Nobody is going to tear down this house.
Nobody is going to tell Tom and Mary that they can't do that.
Nobody is going to think that.
Nobody is happy about his situation.
Nobody is here to bother you.
Nobody is here yet.
Nobody is here.
Nobody is his own enemy.
Nobody is hungry.
Nobody is important.
Nobody is in the classroom now.
Nobody is in the living room, but the TV is on.
Nobody is in the lobby.
Nobody is indispensable.
Nobody is insulting you.
Nobody is interested in doing that.
Nobody is interested in knowing what are your favorite sexual positions.
Nobody is interested in my country.
Nobody is interested in that, Tom.
Nobody is interested in that.
Nobody is interested.
Nobody is irreplaceable.
Nobody is laughing now.
Nobody is listening anymore.
Nobody is listening to Tom.
Nobody is looking at me.
Nobody is making money right now.
Nobody is more competitive than Tom.
Nobody is out of the woods yet.
Nobody is paying attention to Tom.
Nobody is perfect at it.
Nobody is perfect.
Nobody is permitted to do that.
Nobody is really sure.
Nobody is rich in my country.
Nobody is saying anything?
Nobody is scared of Tom.
Nobody is so busy that they cannot find time to read.
Nobody is so learned that he is able to know all things.
Nobody is so old as not to think he can live a year.
Nobody is speaking.
Nobody is stopping you.
Nobody is supposed to know about that yet.
Nobody is sure exactly why that happened.
Nobody is swimming in the pool.
Nobody is taking us seriously.
Nobody is talking about Ziri.
Nobody is their own enemy.
Nobody is there right now.
Nobody is thought to be ignorant of the law.
Nobody is to blame for the accident.
Nobody is too old to learn new things.
Nobody is too old to learn.
Nobody is truly free, because there are people who are slaves of their independence.
Nobody is trying to eradicate Islam in China.
Nobody is waiting for me anywhere.
Nobody is watching us.
Nobody is welcome.
Nobody is what they seem online.
Nobody is willing to testify.
Nobody is without faults.
Nobody jumped off the cliff.
Nobody kissed Tom.
Nobody kisses Tom anymore.
Nobody knew I was there.
Nobody knew Tom and Mary were coming.
Nobody knew Tom and Mary were here.
Nobody knew Tom could speak French so well.
Nobody knew Tom couldn't speak French.
Nobody knew Tom had a dark side.
Nobody knew Tom had killed the dog.
Nobody knew Tom was a Canadian.
Nobody knew Tom was an ex-con.
Nobody knew Tom was coming.
Nobody knew Tom was going to do that.
Nobody knew Tom was here.
Nobody knew Tom was in Boston.
Nobody knew Tom was the person who contributed most of the money.
Nobody knew Tom wasn't a Canadian.
Nobody knew Tom wasn't going to be here.
Nobody knew Tom wasn't happy here.
Nobody knew Tom's French was so good.
Nobody knew about his illness.
Nobody knew about his literary talent.
Nobody knew about it.
Nobody knew about that beach.
Nobody knew anything about it.
Nobody knew anything.
Nobody knew health care could be so complicated.
Nobody knew his name.
Nobody knew how dangerous Tom and Mary were.
Nobody knew how dangerous Tom was.
Nobody knew how to solve the problem.
Nobody knew if the findings could be generalized to the wider population due to the study's small sample size.
Nobody knew it was Tom who did that.
Nobody knew it was Tom who donated three million dollars to the orphanage.
Nobody knew it was there.
Nobody knew it was you that did that.
Nobody knew my name.
Nobody knew my real name when I was in college.
Nobody knew she could speak French this well.
Nobody knew that Fadil had converted to Islam.
Nobody knew that Layla was a transgender person.
Nobody knew that Tom and Mary were the people who contributed most of the money.
Nobody knew that Tom and Mary weren't going to be here.
Nobody knew that Tom could speak French so well.
Nobody knew that Tom couldn't speak French.
Nobody knew that Tom had a dark side.
Nobody knew that Tom was a Canadian.
Nobody knew that Tom was a dangerous child molester.
Nobody knew that Tom was an ex-con.
Nobody knew that Tom was going to be here.
Nobody knew that Tom was going to do that.
Nobody knew that Tom was in Boston.
Nobody knew that Tom was the person who contributed most of the money.
Nobody knew that Tom wasn't a Canadian.
Nobody knew that Tom wasn't going to be here.
Nobody knew that Tom wasn't happy here.
Nobody knew that but Tom.
Nobody knew that except Tom.
Nobody knew that it was Tom who donated three million dollars to the orphanage.
Nobody knew that it was Tom who'd killed the dog.
Nobody knew that you were in Australia.
Nobody knew that you were in Boston.
Nobody knew that you were in Germany.
Nobody knew that.
Nobody knew what Tom and Mary were planning to do.
Nobody knew what Tom was planning to do.
Nobody knew what a computer was back then.
Nobody knew what awaited us.
Nobody knew what had happened.
Nobody knew what happened.
Nobody knew what the machine was like.
Nobody knew what to do.
Nobody knew what to say.
Nobody knew what was coming down the pike.
Nobody knew what was going on in my country.
Nobody knew what we were doing.
Nobody knew where I was.
Nobody knew where Lorenzo was.
Nobody knew where Tom and Mary were.
Nobody knew where Tom lived.
Nobody knew where Tom was.
Nobody knew where Tom went.
Nobody knew where he went.
Nobody knew where she was.
Nobody knew where those kids came from, but nobody wanted to receive them for fear of their disease.
Nobody knew which way was the way to safety.
Nobody knew who I was.
Nobody knew why Tom started laughing.
Nobody knew why that had happened.
Nobody knew why this happened.
Nobody knew you were in Australia.
Nobody knew you were in Boston.
Nobody knew.
Nobody knocks on my door.
Nobody knows I like you.
Nobody knows I'm a furry.
Nobody knows I'm gay.
Nobody knows I'm polyamorous.
Nobody knows Tom as well as I do.
Nobody knows Tom as well as I know him.
Nobody knows Tom hasn't done that.
Nobody knows Tom like I know Tom.
Nobody knows Tom.
Nobody knows Ziri.
Nobody knows about it besides us.
Nobody knows about it.
Nobody knows about the plan.
Nobody knows about this.
Nobody knows about this?
Nobody knows anything about Tom.
Nobody knows anything about him.
Nobody knows anything about it.
Nobody knows anything about them.
Nobody knows anything.
Nobody knows as many bedtime stories as the god of the dream.
Nobody knows as many stories as the god of sleep.
Nobody knows everything.
Nobody knows exactly how many races make up the population of the United States.
Nobody knows exactly where Tom wants to go.
Nobody knows exactly where Tom will go.
Nobody knows except Tom and me.
Nobody knows for certain.
Nobody knows for sure how much it's going to cost.
Nobody knows for sure where Tom went.
Nobody knows her name.
Nobody knows her.
Nobody knows him as well as I do.
Nobody knows him in Algeria.
Nobody knows him.
Nobody knows his name.
Nobody knows how Adolf Hitler died.
Nobody knows how I feel.
Nobody knows how Tom will react to this.
Nobody knows how far we'll be able to go.
Nobody knows how it ends.
Nobody knows how it will end.
Nobody knows how it'll end.
Nobody knows how long Tom was there.
Nobody knows how long the pandemic will last.
Nobody knows how long the sick man can hold on.
Nobody knows how long they'll live.
Nobody knows how long this will last.
Nobody knows how or why, but aliens abduct hundreds of people every year.
Nobody knows how the accident occurred.
Nobody knows how the fire started.
Nobody knows how the natives got them.
Nobody knows how they found out about it.
Nobody knows how they got aware of it.
Nobody knows how this is going to end.
Nobody knows how to do that anymore.
Nobody knows how to do that except Tom.
Nobody knows how to do that.
Nobody knows how to set the clock in a set-top box.
Nobody knows it but me.
Nobody knows it yet.
Nobody knows it's my birthday today.
Nobody knows it.
Nobody knows just how many people died in the accident.
Nobody knows just how many people died in the avalanche.
Nobody knows me as well as Tom does.
Nobody knows me here.
Nobody knows me in Australia.
Nobody knows me in Boston.
Nobody knows my country.
Nobody knows my real name at college.
Nobody knows my real name.
Nobody knows that I have bought a new car.
Nobody knows that I like you.
Nobody knows that Tom hasn't done that.
Nobody knows that Tom is back.
Nobody knows that better than I do.
Nobody knows that better than her.
Nobody knows that better than she does.
Nobody knows that better than you.
Nobody knows that except me and God Almighty.
Nobody knows that it belonged to Yamada.
Nobody knows that we're cousins.
Nobody knows that we're here.
Nobody knows that you are here, so it's fine.
Nobody knows that you're here, so don't worry.
Nobody knows that you're my cousin.
Nobody knows that.
Nobody knows the answer.
Nobody knows the exact number of those who died yet.
Nobody knows the future.
Nobody knows the original language of their holy writings.
Nobody knows the reason for that.
Nobody knows the shortlist of nominees for Japanese ambassador to Colombia yet.
Nobody knows the truth.
Nobody knows this yet.
Nobody knows this.
Nobody knows we're cousins.
Nobody knows we're here.
Nobody knows what I'm about to say.
Nobody knows what Tom said to Mary.
Nobody knows what became of him.
Nobody knows what goes on behind those doors.
Nobody knows what happened but me.
Nobody knows what happened that day.
Nobody knows what happened that time.
Nobody knows what happened to Tom.
Nobody knows what happened to all that money.
Nobody knows what happened to her.
Nobody knows what happened to him.
Nobody knows what happened to the jet.
Nobody knows what happened.
Nobody knows what has become of Yamada.
Nobody knows what has become of her.
Nobody knows what has become of him.
Nobody knows what his destiny has in store for him.
Nobody knows what it is that has been bothering him so much.
Nobody knows what it means.
Nobody knows what really happened except for Tom.
Nobody knows what that means.
Nobody knows what the future holds.
Nobody knows what the future will bring.
Nobody knows what this cost me.
Nobody knows what to do.
Nobody knows what to say.
Nobody knows what we do.
Nobody knows what will come.
Nobody knows what will happen in the future.
Nobody knows what will happen next.
Nobody knows what will happen.
Nobody knows what you're going through.
Nobody knows what'll happen in the future.
Nobody knows what'll happen next.
Nobody knows what'll happen tomorrow.
Nobody knows what'll happen.
Nobody knows what's become of Tom.
Nobody knows what's going on in my country.
Nobody knows what's going to happen.
Nobody knows what's happened to Tom.
Nobody knows what's inside the box.
Nobody knows what's really going on there.
Nobody knows when Tom's birthday is.
Nobody knows when exactly death will come for her.
Nobody knows when the earthquake will occur.
Nobody knows where Bill has gone.
Nobody knows where Bill went.
Nobody knows where Tom and Mary are.
Nobody knows where Tom and Mary have gone.
Nobody knows where Tom came from.
Nobody knows where Tom has been hiding.
Nobody knows where Tom has gone.
Nobody knows where Tom hid the money.
Nobody knows where Tom is buried.
Nobody knows where Tom is.
Nobody knows where Tom lives now.
Nobody knows where Tom ran off to.
Nobody knows where Tom went.
Nobody knows where he has escaped to.
Nobody knows where he has gone.
Nobody knows where he is.
Nobody knows where he lives.
Nobody knows where it is.
Nobody knows where she is.
Nobody knows where they are.
Nobody knows where to go.
Nobody knows where we are right now.
Nobody knows who I am.
Nobody knows who Tom's wife is.
Nobody knows who did it.
Nobody knows who did that.
Nobody knows who fired the first shot.
Nobody knows who he is.
Nobody knows who killed Tom.
Nobody knows who that woman is.
Nobody knows who you are.
Nobody knows who'll win the next race.
Nobody knows who's in charge.
Nobody knows who's responsible.
Nobody knows why Tom agreed to do that.
Nobody knows why Tom did it.
Nobody knows why Tom did that.
Nobody knows why Tom did this.
Nobody knows why Tom didn't do that.
Nobody knows why Tom didn't want to do that.
Nobody knows why Tom hasn't done that.
Nobody knows why Tom left the city.
Nobody knows why Tom wanted to do that.
Nobody knows why he left the town.
Nobody knows why he left.
Nobody knows why he turns down my help.
Nobody knows why she doesn't like me.
Nobody knows why that happened.
Nobody knows why the windshield cracked.
Nobody knows why this happens.
Nobody knows why this is happening.
Nobody knows why this kind of thing happens.
Nobody knows why.
Nobody knows you're here.
Nobody knows you're my cousin.
Nobody knows your address but her.
Nobody knows your secret.
Nobody knows.
Nobody laughed at Tom's joke.
Nobody laughed at any of Tom's jokes.
Nobody laughed.
Nobody laughs at Tom's jokes.
Nobody laughs at his jokes.
Nobody laughs at my jokes.
Nobody leaves empty handed.
Nobody left at home.
Nobody left me instructions.
Nobody let the twenty-below weather scare them.
Nobody lets me talk.
Nobody lied.
Nobody liked Google+.
Nobody liked Tom and me.
Nobody liked Tom.
Nobody liked my country.
Nobody liked the soup.
Nobody likes Tom and me.
Nobody likes Tom and nobody ever will. He's just too hard to get along with.
Nobody likes Tom.
Nobody likes Ziri.
Nobody likes a bully.
Nobody likes a crybaby.
Nobody likes a delay.
Nobody likes a know-it-all.
Nobody likes a quitter.
Nobody likes a sore loser.
Nobody likes a tattle-tale.
Nobody likes a wise guy.
Nobody likes attention whores.
Nobody likes bad news.
Nobody likes being alone with their pain.
Nobody likes being laughed at.
Nobody likes being looked down on.
Nobody likes being mistreated.
Nobody likes being punished.
Nobody likes being scolded.
Nobody likes being spoken ill of behind his back.
Nobody likes being spoken ill of behind their back.
Nobody likes being yelled at.
Nobody likes boring people.
Nobody likes crybabies.
Nobody likes doing that.
Nobody likes her.
Nobody likes him, because he is always blowing his own horn.
Nobody likes him.
Nobody likes impolite salesmen.
Nobody likes it.
Nobody likes losing.
Nobody likes me anymore.
Nobody likes me.
Nobody likes me. I have never been liked by anybody, because I am not beautiful.
Nobody likes me; everybody hates me; I guess I'll go eat worms.
Nobody likes my country.
Nobody likes rats.
Nobody likes that guy.
Nobody likes that.
Nobody likes them.
Nobody likes this idea.
Nobody likes this.
Nobody likes to be defeated.
Nobody likes to be found fault with.
Nobody likes to be kept waiting.
Nobody likes to be made fun of in public.
Nobody likes to do laundry.
Nobody likes to have his true motive doubted.
Nobody likes to lose money.
Nobody likes to lose.
Nobody likes to pay taxes.
Nobody likes to work with Tom.
Nobody likes unsolicited advice.
Nobody likes us.
Nobody likes war.
Nobody likes you.
Nobody listened to Tom.
Nobody listened to me.
Nobody listens to Tom anymore.
Nobody listens to anything I say.
Nobody listens to me.
Nobody listens to that stuff.
Nobody listens to this music except nuts.
Nobody listens to us.
Nobody listens until you say something wrong.
Nobody listens.
Nobody lives forever.
Nobody lives here.
Nobody lives in that house anymore.
Nobody lives in the building.
Nobody lives in this building.
Nobody lives in this house anymore.
Nobody lives in this house.
Nobody lives there yet.
Nobody lives there.
Nobody lives with me.
Nobody looks like you.
Nobody looks very convinced.
Nobody lost anything.
Nobody loves Tom.
Nobody loves her.
Nobody loves him.
Nobody loves his country because it is great, but because it is his.
Nobody loves me here other than you.
Nobody loves me in this house.
Nobody loves me like you do.
Nobody loves me like you three.
Nobody loves me like you.
Nobody loves me.
Nobody loves them.
Nobody loves us.
Nobody loves war.
Nobody loves you like I do.
Nobody loves you, Tom.
Nobody loves you.
Nobody made a sound.
Nobody managed to survive.
Nobody mentioned a storm.
Nobody mentioned my country.
Nobody mentioned you!
Nobody mentions my country.
Nobody messes with Tom.
Nobody messes with him.
Nobody messes with my family.
Nobody met me.
Nobody met us.
Nobody missed Tom.
Nobody move!
Nobody moved.
Nobody moves!
Nobody must know.
Nobody named Tom lives here.
Nobody needs it.
Nobody needs me.
Nobody needs to get hurt.
Nobody needs to know these details.
Nobody needs to lose their job over this.
Nobody needs to say anything.
Nobody needs to talk.
Nobody noticed Tom leave the room.
Nobody noticed Tom wink at Mary.
Nobody noticed Tom's absence.
Nobody noticed Tom.
Nobody noticed Ziri's absence.
Nobody noticed except you.
Nobody noticed her absence.
Nobody noticed me.
Nobody noticed my absence?
Nobody noticed my new haircut.
Nobody noticed that Tom wasn't there.
Nobody noticed that she was absent until the end of the meeting.
Nobody noticed that she was absent until the meeting ended.
Nobody noticed that the picture had been hung upside down.
Nobody noticed that the picture was hung upside down.
Nobody noticed that you weren't there.
Nobody noticed the mistake.
Nobody noticed the picture was hung upside down.
Nobody noticed until it was too late.
Nobody noticed us.
Nobody noticed what was going on.
Nobody noticed what was happening.
Nobody noticed you.
Nobody noticed your absence.
Nobody objected.
Nobody offered Tom a seat.
Nobody offered me help.
Nobody offered to help me.
Nobody opened an eye.
Nobody opened the door.
Nobody ordered pork chops.
Nobody other than Tom can do that.
Nobody ought to be alone on Christmas.
Nobody outside of the USA uses "Latinx."
Nobody owes you anything.
Nobody owns the moon.
Nobody paid any attention.
Nobody paid me anything.
Nobody pays attention to Tom.
Nobody pays much attention to Tom.
Nobody perceived me entering the room.
Nobody picked on me.
Nobody picked up the phone.
Nobody praised my country.
Nobody praises my country.
Nobody predicted this would happen.
Nobody prepared Tom for that.
Nobody put a knife to his throat and asked him to become a Muslim.
Nobody put as much time and energy into the project as she did.
Nobody puts Baby in a corner.
Nobody questioned Tom's decision.
Nobody ran.
Nobody read about my country.
Nobody reads about my country.
Nobody reads long messages.
Nobody realised that Tom was in danger.
Nobody realized Tom and Mary were in pain.
Nobody realized Tom was in danger.
Nobody realized Tom was in pain.
Nobody realized that Tom and Mary were in pain.
Nobody realized that Tom was in danger.
Nobody realized that Tom was in pain.
Nobody really believed it.
Nobody really believed what Tom said.
Nobody really cared that Tom didn't help.
Nobody really cared that Tom didn’t help.
Nobody really cares what Tom does.
Nobody really cares what we do.
Nobody really cares what you do.
Nobody really cares what you have to say.
Nobody really cares what you think.
Nobody really cares.
Nobody really curtsies anymore.
Nobody really knows all the details.
Nobody really knows how it started.
Nobody really knows what happened.
Nobody really knows what the truth is.
Nobody really knows where it comes from.
Nobody really knows.
Nobody really understood what Tom meant.
Nobody really wants to do that again.
Nobody really wants to do that anymore.
Nobody really wants to do that.
Nobody really wants to do this.
Nobody really wants to talk about it.
Nobody really wants us here.
Nobody really wants us.
Nobody received Tom.
Nobody recognised Tom in the dark.
Nobody recognized Tom in the dark.
Nobody recognized Tom.
Nobody recognized me.
Nobody recognized you.
Nobody recognizes me.
Nobody regrets that more than I do.
Nobody regrets that more than me.
Nobody remembered Tom.
Nobody remembered my birthday.
Nobody remembered my country.
Nobody remembered that today was my birthday.
Nobody remembered today was my birthday.
Nobody remembered what Tom had done.
Nobody remembered where Tom lived.
Nobody remembered where we'd parked our car.
Nobody remembers Leonid.
Nobody remembers how it all began.
Nobody remembers how it all started.
Nobody remembers my country.
Nobody remembers seeing Tom there that night.
Nobody remembers seeing him.
Nobody remembers.
Nobody replied.
Nobody respected my country.
Nobody respects my country.
Nobody rocks like Boston!
Nobody said I wasn't supposed to do this.
Nobody said a thing.
Nobody said a word.
Nobody said anything for a long time.
Nobody said anything to me about that.
Nobody said anything to us.
Nobody said anything.
Nobody said doing that would be easy.
Nobody said if Tom would attend the meeting.
Nobody said it would be easy to do that.
Nobody said it would be easy.
Nobody said life was fair.
Nobody said that it would be easy.
Nobody said that life was fair.
Nobody said that.
Nobody said this was easy.
Nobody said this was going to be easy.
Nobody said this would be easy.
Nobody said you couldn't go fishing.
Nobody said you didn't try your best.
Nobody sane can cooperate with Tom.
Nobody sane will follow that.
Nobody sang with me.
Nobody sat down next to me.
Nobody sat in the back.
Nobody sat next to me.
Nobody saw Tom and Mary do that.
Nobody saw Tom and me.
Nobody saw Tom arrive.
Nobody saw Tom come in.
Nobody saw Tom do it.
Nobody saw Tom do that.
Nobody saw Tom do this.
Nobody saw Tom fall.
Nobody saw Tom laugh.
Nobody saw Tom leave the room.
Nobody saw Tom leave.
Nobody saw Tom leaving.
Nobody saw Tom smile.
Nobody saw Tom steal the book.
Nobody saw Tom stealing the book.
Nobody saw Tom.
Nobody saw a thing.
Nobody saw anything suspicious.
Nobody saw anything.
Nobody saw her do it.
Nobody saw her leave the room.
Nobody saw her steal the book.
Nobody saw him do it.
Nobody saw him leave the room.
Nobody saw him steal the book.
Nobody saw him.
Nobody saw it coming.
Nobody saw me do it.
Nobody saw me leave the room.
Nobody saw me steal the book.
Nobody saw me.
Nobody saw or heard anything.
Nobody saw the bird fly.
Nobody saw them do it.
Nobody saw them leave the room.
Nobody saw them steal the book.
Nobody saw them.
Nobody saw this coming.
Nobody saw us do it.
Nobody saw us leave the room.
Nobody saw us, I hope.
Nobody saw us.
Nobody saw what happened.
Nobody saw who brought it.
Nobody saw you do it.
Nobody saw you leave the room.
Nobody saw you?
Nobody says anything.
Nobody says it's easy.
Nobody says no!
Nobody says no.
Nobody says you can't go fishing.
Nobody screamed.
Nobody seemed afraid.
Nobody seemed interested in doing that.
Nobody seemed surprised.
Nobody seemed to be afraid but me.
Nobody seemed to be afraid but you.
Nobody seemed to be paying any attention to Tom.
Nobody seemed to be there.
Nobody seemed to have a motive for the murder.
Nobody seemed to know where Lukas was.
Nobody seemed to notice me.
Nobody seemed to notice that Tom was missing.
Nobody seemed to notice that.
Nobody seemed to notice.
Nobody seemed to recognize Tom.
Nobody seemed to want to do that.
Nobody seems afraid.
Nobody seems in control.
Nobody seems interested in dancing with me.
Nobody seems to be afraid but me.
Nobody seems to be afraid but you.
Nobody seems to be afraid of me.
Nobody seems to be afraid.
Nobody seems to be at home.
Nobody seems to be in charge.
Nobody seems to be in control.
Nobody seems to be paying any attention to Mary.
Nobody seems to be very afraid.
Nobody seems to care about my problems.
Nobody seems to care.
Nobody seems to have a logical explanation for this.
Nobody seems to have a logical explanation for why this happens.
Nobody seems to have noticed anything.
Nobody seems to have paid attention to what he said.
Nobody seems to have the energy to do that again.
Nobody seems to have the guts to do that anymore.
Nobody seems to know Tom.
Nobody seems to know for certain.
Nobody seems to know how to do this.
Nobody seems to know where Jean is.
Nobody seems to know where Tom and Mary are.
Nobody seems to know where Tom has gone.
Nobody seems to know where Tom is.
Nobody seems to know where Tom lives.
Nobody seems to know where Tom was born.
Nobody seems to know who did that.
Nobody seems to know who's in charge.
Nobody seems to know why Tom did that.
Nobody seems to know why Tom didn't do that.
Nobody seems to know why Tom didn't win.
Nobody seems to know why Tom isn't here today.
Nobody seems to know why Tom isn't here.
Nobody seems to know why Tom wasn't at Mary's party.
Nobody seems to like Tom.
Nobody seems to listen to Tom.
Nobody seems to notice you.
Nobody seems to respect deadlines anymore.
Nobody seems to understand me.
Nobody seems to want to go home.
Nobody seems very afraid.
Nobody sees him.
Nobody sees it.
Nobody sent me a letter.
Nobody shed a tear.
Nobody should be here.
Nobody should be subjected to pain or torture.
Nobody should be worried.
Nobody should drink and drive - period.
Nobody should drink and drive.
Nobody should have died.
Nobody should have the right to do that.
Nobody should have to experience that.
Nobody should settle for less when they deserve more.
Nobody should support this.
Nobody should watch TV.
Nobody should've been there that night.
Nobody should've died.
Nobody shoulders a rifle in defense of a boarding house.
Nobody showed me around.
Nobody showed up today.
Nobody showed up.
Nobody sings as beautifully in the shower as Anna!
Nobody sings better in the shower than Anna!
Nobody sits in the front.
Nobody slays it as best as Capricorn does.
Nobody slept downstairs.
Nobody slept.
Nobody smiled.
Nobody speaks French here.
Nobody speaks like this in Germany.
Nobody speaks to me.
Nobody speaks to us.
Nobody speaks well of that politician.
Nobody spoke about you.
Nobody spoke to me all day.
Nobody spoke with me.
Nobody spoke.
Nobody stayed in my country.
Nobody stayed to help clean up.
Nobody stayed.
Nobody stays in my country.
Nobody stole your Kabyle dress.
Nobody stood up for Tom.
Nobody stood up for me.
Nobody stood up.
Nobody stopped Tom.
Nobody stopped the genocide.
Nobody stopped to see if Tom was OK.
Nobody stopped to see if Tom was alright.
Nobody studied in my country.
Nobody studied my country.
Nobody studies in my country.
Nobody studies my country.
Nobody supported Tom.
Nobody supported her.
Nobody supported my country.
Nobody supports her.
Nobody supports him.
Nobody supports my country.
Nobody survived the accident.
Nobody survived.
Nobody suspected Tom.
Nobody suspected a thing.
Nobody suspected anything like this.
Nobody suspected anything.
Nobody suspected it!
Nobody suspected me.
Nobody suspected you.
Nobody suspected.
Nobody suspects you of anything.
Nobody swims in the lagoon because it's filthy.
Nobody swims in this pool after 8:00 p.m.
Nobody takes care of me.
Nobody takes it from them.
Nobody takes it from you.
Nobody takes me anywhere.
Nobody takes the ban seriously anymore.
Nobody talked about my country.
Nobody talked about the movie.
Nobody talks about Tom anymore.
Nobody talks about Tom.
Nobody talks about her.
Nobody talks about him.
Nobody talks about it.
Nobody talks about me.
Nobody talks about my country.
Nobody talks about that.
Nobody talks about them.
Nobody talks about us anymore.
Nobody talks about us.
Nobody talks about you.
Nobody talks like that in real life.
Nobody talks like that.
Nobody talks that way in real life.
Nobody talks to Tom anymore.
Nobody talks to Tom except you and me.
Nobody talks to me anymore.
Nobody talks to me at work. I feel alone.
Nobody talks to us anymore.
Nobody talks with Mary anymore.
Nobody talks with him.
Nobody taught it to her.
Nobody taught me.
Nobody tells me anything around this place.
Nobody tells me anything.
Nobody tells me what to do.
Nobody tells the truth anymore.
Nobody tells the truth.
Nobody tells the truth. Vote for Nobody.
Nobody tells you what to do, do they?
Nobody that I know has been to Australia.
Nobody that I know trusts Tom.
Nobody that I know went to Australia.
Nobody that has any common sense would think of doing such nonsense.
Nobody there could help me.
Nobody there knew him well.
Nobody there knew that Tom was Mary's brother.
Nobody there liked me much.
Nobody thinks Tom will win the race.
Nobody thinks about it.
Nobody thinks about my country.
Nobody thinks anything like that.
Nobody thinks of us.
Nobody thinks that you're a coward.
Nobody thinks that.
Nobody thinks this is a joke.
Nobody thinks you're a coward.
Nobody thinks you're the one who did it.
Nobody thinks you're the one who did that.
Nobody thought Tom would be able to do that.
Nobody thought Tom would survive.
Nobody thought about my country.
Nobody thought about that.
Nobody thought this would be possible.
Nobody threatened Tom.
Nobody threatened me.
Nobody told Mary what she should do.
Nobody told Mennad.
Nobody told Tom and Mary what they should do.
Nobody told Tom not to do that.
Nobody told Tom not to sing.
Nobody told Tom what he should do.
Nobody told Tom what needed to be done.
Nobody told Tom.
Nobody told me I wasn't supposed to park there.
Nobody told me Tom would be here.
Nobody told me about that.
Nobody told me about the meeting.
Nobody told me about this.
Nobody told me about you waiting for me.
Nobody told me it was going to get this cold.
Nobody told me that Tom had died.
Nobody told me that it was going to cost this much.
Nobody told me that you were waiting for me.
Nobody told me the business was going to be shut down.
Nobody told me the journey was as important as the destination.
Nobody told me what I was supposed to do.
Nobody told me what exactly I was supposed to do.
Nobody told me what he wrote in that letter.
Nobody told me what time I should come.
Nobody told me where the meeting was going to be.
Nobody told me you were here.
Nobody told me you were waiting for me.
Nobody told me.
Nobody told us Tom and Mary were planning to get married.
Nobody told us Tom was planning to get married.
Nobody told us anything.
Nobody told us either.
Nobody told us that Tom would come.
Nobody told us that we needed visas.
Nobody told us this might happen.
Nobody told us what to do.
Nobody told us.
Nobody told you about the meeting, did they?
Nobody told you it was going to get this cold, did they?
Nobody told you it would be this way, did they?
Nobody told you that it was going to cost this much, did they?
Nobody told you this was going to happen, did they?
Nobody told you to leave.
Nobody told you to talk.
Nobody told you where the meeting was going to be, did they?
Nobody took me seriously.
Nobody took the news harder than Tom.
Nobody took the path.
Nobody touched me.
Nobody touches Ziri's computer.
Nobody tried doing that.
Nobody tried hugging Tom.
Nobody tried to convert Yanni to Islam.
Nobody tried to do that.
Nobody tried to help Tom.
Nobody tried to help her.
Nobody tried to help him.
Nobody tried to help me.
Nobody tried to help them.
Nobody tried to help us.
Nobody tried to intervene.
Nobody tried to stop me.
Nobody trusted my country.
Nobody trusts Tom anymore.
Nobody trusts Tom.
Nobody trusts him.
Nobody trusts me anymore.
Nobody trusts me.
Nobody trusts my country.
Nobody turns their devices off anymore.
Nobody twisted Yanni's arm to become a Muslim.
Nobody twisted your arm.
Nobody understands Tom as I do.
Nobody understands Tom the way I do.
Nobody understands Tom.
Nobody understands her.
Nobody understands him.
Nobody understands how he does it, but he does it.
Nobody understands it yet.
Nobody understands it.
Nobody understands me because I don't speak French well.
Nobody understands me.
Nobody understands them.
Nobody understands us.
Nobody understands what's going on in the head of President Erdogan.
Nobody understands what's going on.
Nobody understands why I'm so scared.
Nobody understands you like I do.
Nobody understands you.
Nobody understands.
Nobody understood Tom's irrational behavior.
Nobody understood me.
Nobody understood what Rima said.
Nobody understood what Tom said.
Nobody understood what Tom wanted.
Nobody understood why the elephant suddenly turned on its owner.
Nobody understood why.
Nobody understood you.
Nobody visited me today.
Nobody visited my country.
Nobody visited you.
Nobody visits Tom.
Nobody visits her.
Nobody visits him.
Nobody visits me.
Nobody visits my country.
Nobody visits them.
Nobody visits us.
Nobody volunteered.
Nobody volunteers.
Nobody voted against it.
Nobody voted for Tom.
Nobody waited for Tom.
Nobody waits for me.
Nobody walks in LA.
Nobody wanted Tom to be there.
Nobody wanted Tom.
Nobody wanted Ziri.
Nobody wanted me to punish Tom.
Nobody wanted to adopt Tom.
Nobody wanted to be poor in my country.
Nobody wanted to believe Tom.
Nobody wanted to buy a house in my country.
Nobody wanted to buy land in my country.
Nobody wanted to come to my country.
Nobody wanted to come.
Nobody wanted to criticize my country.
Nobody wanted to dance with Tom.
Nobody wanted to do it in place of Tom.
Nobody wanted to do it instead of Tom.
Nobody wanted to do it on Tom's behalf.
Nobody wanted to do that for Tom.
Nobody wanted to do that with me.
Nobody wanted to do what Tom suggested.
Nobody wanted to eat with us.
Nobody wanted to forget my country.
Nobody wanted to get up from the table.
Nobody wanted to go camping with me.
Nobody wanted to go skiing with me.
Nobody wanted to go swimming with me.
Nobody wanted to go to my country.
Nobody wanted to go with Tom.
Nobody wanted to hate my country.
Nobody wanted to help Tom.
Nobody wanted to help us.
Nobody wanted to insult my country.
Nobody wanted to invest in my country.
Nobody wanted to know my country.
Nobody wanted to leave the party early.
Nobody wanted to leave.
Nobody wanted to live here back then.
Nobody wanted to live in my country.
Nobody wanted to mention my country.
Nobody wanted to pair with Ziri.
Nobody wanted to praise my country.
Nobody wanted to remember my country.
Nobody wanted to say anything about my country.
Nobody wanted to see Tom.
Nobody wanted to see it.
Nobody wanted to sit next to Tom.
Nobody wanted to support my country.
Nobody wanted to take care of Tom.
Nobody wanted to talk about Tom.
Nobody wanted to talk about it.
Nobody wanted to talk about my country.
Nobody wanted to talk about the incident.
Nobody wanted to talk about what happened to Tom.
Nobody wanted to talk about what happened.
Nobody wanted to trust my country.
Nobody wanted to visit my country.
Nobody wanted to watch it.
Nobody wanted to wear it.
Nobody wanted to work in my country.
Nobody wants Tom here.
Nobody wants Tom to suffer.
Nobody wants Tom.
Nobody wants a war.
Nobody wants an old fart commie running the country.
Nobody wants another ISIS to emerge again.
Nobody wants anything else from Tom.
Nobody wants change.
Nobody wants him to come.
Nobody wants his sense of worth to be damaged.
Nobody wants it.
Nobody wants others to think they're stupid.
Nobody wants that bicycle.
Nobody wants that job.
Nobody wants that to happen.
Nobody wants that.
Nobody wants to admit it.
Nobody wants to be a sucker.
Nobody wants to be alone.
Nobody wants to be around Tom.
Nobody wants to be around her.
Nobody wants to be around him.
Nobody wants to be around me.
Nobody wants to be around them.
Nobody wants to be around us.
Nobody wants to be around you.
Nobody wants to be friends with Tom.
Nobody wants to be friends with me.
Nobody wants to be hated.
Nobody wants to be in pain.
Nobody wants to be last.
Nobody wants to be my friend anymore.
Nobody wants to be on Tom's team.
Nobody wants to be poor in my country.
Nobody wants to be poor.
Nobody wants to be the first one to jump into the pool.
Nobody wants to be the last one.
Nobody wants to be thought of as stupid.
Nobody wants to be without money.
Nobody wants to buy a house in my country.
Nobody wants to buy these anymore.
Nobody wants to buy this stuff.
Nobody wants to come to my country.
Nobody wants to come to your party.
Nobody wants to come.
Nobody wants to criticize my country.
Nobody wants to dance with me.
Nobody wants to die alone.
Nobody wants to die.
Nobody wants to do it, but one of us has to.
Nobody wants to do it?
Nobody wants to do that, but one of us has to.
Nobody wants to do that, you know.
Nobody wants to do that.
Nobody wants to eat the last piece of cake.
Nobody wants to eat.
Nobody wants to face his true karma, but karma hits Capricorns twice as hard as any other zodiac sign.
Nobody wants to forget my country.
Nobody wants to get in trouble.
Nobody wants to go there with Tom.
Nobody wants to go to Australia with me.
Nobody wants to go to Australia with us.
Nobody wants to go to Australia with you.
Nobody wants to go to Boston with me.
Nobody wants to go to Boston with us.
Nobody wants to go to Boston with you, do they?
Nobody wants to go to Boston with you.
Nobody wants to go to jail.
Nobody wants to go to my country.
Nobody wants to go to war.
Nobody wants to hate my country.
Nobody wants to hear about Tom anymore.
Nobody wants to hear it.
Nobody wants to hear you sing.
Nobody wants to help Tom.
Nobody wants to help her.
Nobody wants to help him.
Nobody wants to help me.
Nobody wants to help them.
Nobody wants to help us.
Nobody wants to help you.
Nobody wants to hug Tom.
Nobody wants to hurt Tom.
Nobody wants to insult my country.
Nobody wants to invest in my country.
Nobody wants to join Tom's team.
Nobody wants to know my country.
Nobody wants to live in my country.
Nobody wants to look foolish.
Nobody wants to look for my car.
Nobody wants to look like a fool.
Nobody wants to look stupid.
Nobody wants to lose.
Nobody wants to mention my country.
Nobody wants to play chess with me.
Nobody wants to play with Mary.
Nobody wants to play with Tom.
Nobody wants to play with her.
Nobody wants to play with him.
Nobody wants to play with me.
Nobody wants to praise my country.
Nobody wants to remember my country.
Nobody wants to rush you.
Nobody wants to say something about my country.
Nobody wants to see my evil side comes out again.
Nobody wants to see that happen again.
Nobody wants to see that happen.
Nobody wants to see this happen again.
Nobody wants to sing with Tom.
Nobody wants to stay here.
Nobody wants to support my country.
Nobody wants to take responsibility.
Nobody wants to talk about Tom.
Nobody wants to talk about a truce.
Nobody wants to talk about my country.
Nobody wants to talk about that.
Nobody wants to talk about what happened to Tom.
Nobody wants to talk about what happened.
Nobody wants to talk to me anymore.
Nobody wants to talk to me.
Nobody wants to talk to us anymore.
Nobody wants to talk to you anymore, do they?
Nobody wants to talk to you anymore.
Nobody wants to touch this.
Nobody wants to translate his sentences because they are stupid.
Nobody wants to trust my country.
Nobody wants to visit my country.
Nobody wants to wear clothes like those.
Nobody wants to work in my country.
Nobody wants to work outdoors on a cold day.
Nobody wants to work with Tom.
Nobody wants to work with you.
Nobody wants to work.
Nobody wants to write sentences about armpits.
Nobody wants to, but one of us has to do it.
Nobody wants you here.
Nobody wants you to be happy.
Nobody wants you to do that.
Nobody wants you to do this.
Nobody wants your book.
Nobody wants your books!
Nobody warned me that dreams come with sacrifices.
Nobody warned me.
Nobody warned us.
Nobody was able to answer Tom's question.
Nobody was able to get across the river.
Nobody was able to help Tom.
Nobody was able to help me but Tom.
Nobody was able to solve the problem.
Nobody was able to suggest a solution.
Nobody was actually hurt.
Nobody was affected.
Nobody was allowed to go out of the room.
Nobody was allowed to leave the room.
Nobody was allowed to talk about Tom.
Nobody was angry except you.
Nobody was around but Tom.
Nobody was around.
Nobody was arrested last night.
Nobody was attracted by my country.
Nobody was behind the counter.
Nobody was busy except me.
Nobody was chasing Lorenzo.
Nobody was conscious of my presence there.
Nobody was crying.
Nobody was doing it.
Nobody was even supposed to be here.
Nobody was expecting that.
Nobody was found inside the apartment.
Nobody was good enough for Mary.
Nobody was happy about this.
Nobody was having any fun.
Nobody was having fun.
Nobody was helping us.
Nobody was here at 2:30.
Nobody was home.
Nobody was hungry except me.
Nobody was hungry except you.
Nobody was hurt in the accident, but the car was a total write-off.
Nobody was hurt.
Nobody was in the apartment.
Nobody was in the back anymore.
Nobody was in the backyard.
Nobody was in the car with Tom.
Nobody was in the car.
Nobody was in the laundry room.
Nobody was in the library.
Nobody was in the lobby.
Nobody was in the mosque.
Nobody was in the park.
Nobody was in the room except Tom.
Nobody was in the room.
Nobody was in the truck.
Nobody was injured by the explosion.
Nobody was injured.
Nobody was inside the car.
Nobody was inside the truck.
Nobody was interested in Tom's services.
Nobody was interested in hearing about Tom's invention.
Nobody was interested in it, so I offered it to Tom.
Nobody was interested in me.
Nobody was interested in my country then.
Nobody was interested in what Tom was saying.
Nobody was interested.
Nobody was killed or injured in the attack.
Nobody was killed.
Nobody was late.
Nobody was left standing.
Nobody was left to tell the story.
Nobody was left to tell this story.
Nobody was listening to Tom.
Nobody was listening to the speech.
Nobody was listening to us.
Nobody was listening to what Tom and Mary were saying.
Nobody was listening to what Tom was saying.
Nobody was listening.
Nobody was looking at Mennad.
Nobody was more frustrated than Tom himself.
Nobody was on the bus.
Nobody was paying any attention to Tom.
Nobody was paying any attention to her.
Nobody was paying any attention to him.
Nobody was paying attention to her.
Nobody was paying attention.
Nobody was permitted to leave.
Nobody was prepared for what Tom had demonstrated.
Nobody was ready for what happened.
Nobody was rich in my country.
Nobody was satisfied.
Nobody was smiling.
Nobody was snoring.
Nobody was supposed to be here.
Nobody was supposed to be living in that house.
Nobody was supposed to get hurt.
Nobody was there but Tom.
Nobody was there except for Tom.
Nobody was there.
Nobody was to be seen on the main street.
Nobody was to blame for the accident.
Nobody was tortured.
Nobody was watching us.
Nobody was watching.
Nobody was wounded in the attack.
Nobody watches her.
Nobody welcomed Tom.
Nobody went anywhere.
Nobody went home.
Nobody went there.
Nobody went to class.
Nobody went to my country.
Nobody went with me.
Nobody who works forty hours a week should be living in poverty.
Nobody will back down.
Nobody will be able to hear us.
Nobody will be able to prove that.
Nobody will be able to stop Dan from adding sentences.
Nobody will be able to stop Tom from doing that.
Nobody will be able to stop me.
Nobody will be allowed to do that.
Nobody will be allowed to hurt Tom.
Nobody will be in the house.
Nobody will be there.
Nobody will beat him.
Nobody will believe her.
Nobody will believe his assertion that he is innocent.
Nobody will believe how sorry I was for what I'd done.
Nobody will believe how sorry I was for what I’d done.
Nobody will believe me.
Nobody will believe that rumor.
Nobody will believe that.
Nobody will believe you.
Nobody will betray you here.
Nobody will blame you.
Nobody will bother us tonight.
Nobody will buy it.
Nobody will buy such a hovel.
Nobody will buy this stuff.
Nobody will care.
Nobody will come.
Nobody will convince me otherwise.
Nobody will cry for him.
Nobody will dance with me.
Nobody will do anything.
Nobody will do it on your behalf.
Nobody will do that.
Nobody will ever find you.
Nobody will ever hurt you again.
Nobody will ever replace you.
Nobody will ever suspect us.
Nobody will explain to you the elementary truths.
Nobody will find that treasure.
Nobody will find us here.
Nobody will force you to do that.
Nobody will give you any money.
Nobody will hear her.
Nobody will hear him.
Nobody will hear it.
Nobody will help you.
Nobody will hire Tom.
Nobody will hire a felon.
Nobody will hire you.
Nobody will hurt you.
Nobody will interfere.
Nobody will know I'm here.
Nobody will know my name.
Nobody will know that I'm here.
Nobody will know.
Nobody will likely even notice.
Nobody will listen to me.
Nobody will listen to you.
Nobody will miss you.
Nobody will need an explanation.
Nobody will notice.
Nobody will pay that much for something like that.
Nobody will recognize me.
Nobody will recognize us.
Nobody will recognize you.
Nobody will regard us as office workers.
Nobody will release your from that jail.
Nobody will say it so bluntly, but that is the gist of it.
Nobody will see us.
Nobody will sleep tonight.
Nobody will stop us.
Nobody will tell me what I should or shouldn't do.
Nobody will tell you anything.
Nobody will understand you if you speak Spanish.
Nobody will vote for you again.
Nobody will want to talk to me.
Nobody will watch it.
Nobody wished Tom a happy birthday.
Nobody with a rational mind would attempt such a thing.
Nobody with half a brain would do that.
Nobody woke up.
Nobody worked in my country.
Nobody works in my country.
Nobody would be surprised.
Nobody would believe it.
Nobody would believe me.
Nobody would believe what Lorenzo says.
Nobody would dance with Tom.
Nobody would ever do that.
Nobody would ever know the truth.
Nobody would ever say that.
Nobody would guess that it was a fake.
Nobody would have done that if you hadn't been here.
Nobody would have gotten hurt if we'd been more careful.
Nobody would help me do that.
Nobody would help me, not even Tom.
Nobody would help me.
Nobody would help us do that.
Nobody would help us.
Nobody would hurt Tom.
Nobody would let me in.
Nobody would listen to me.
Nobody would loan me money.
Nobody would notice.
Nobody would probably say it like this.
Nobody would say it that way.
Nobody would say it.
Nobody would say that.
Nobody would see us.
Nobody would sign my petition.
Nobody would sit next to Tom.
Nobody would sit next to me.
Nobody would take it on.
Nobody would talk to me.
Nobody would tell Tom what he was supposed to do.
Nobody would visit me on my birthday.
Nobody would want to drink that.
Nobody would want to hurt Tom.
Nobody would've done that if you hadn't been here.
Nobody would've gotten hurt if we'd been more careful.
Nobody writes in Russian more than you do.
Nobody writes to me.
Nobody writes to the colonel.
Nobody'll ever find us here.
Nobody'll ever know.
Nobody'll know.
Nobody's English is all there is.
Nobody's accusing you of a crime.
Nobody's allowed in there.
Nobody's allowed to do that.
Nobody's around.
Nobody's as fast as you.
Nobody's asking you for money.
Nobody's at fault for this.
Nobody's been able to find the answer.
Nobody's been hurt.
Nobody's been inside.
Nobody's blaming you.
Nobody's busy.
Nobody's coming.
Nobody's complained yet.
Nobody's complained.
Nobody's died so far.
Nobody's died yet.
Nobody's died.
Nobody's doing anything.
Nobody's doing that.
Nobody's done it yet.
Nobody's dying.
Nobody's ever asked me that before.
Nobody's ever asked me that question before.
Nobody's ever asked you that question before, have they?
Nobody's ever been as nice to me as you have.
Nobody's ever been there.
Nobody's ever come back from there.
Nobody's ever died from working too much, but why risk it?
Nobody's ever done anything like this before.
Nobody's ever given us money before.
Nobody's ever given you money before, have they?
Nobody's ever heard of him.
Nobody's ever said anything like that to me before.
Nobody's ever said anything like that to you before, have they?
Nobody's ever told you that before, have they?
Nobody's expecting us to win.
Nobody's ferpect.
Nobody's forcing you into this.
Nobody's forcing you to do anything.
Nobody's forcing you to do that.
Nobody's forcing you to stay here.
Nobody's forcing you to stay.
Nobody's forcing you to.
Nobody's forcing you.
Nobody's found a solution yet, have they?
Nobody's getting out of here alive.
Nobody's going anywhere.
Nobody's going to ask you any questions.
Nobody's going to believe it.
Nobody's going to believe that.
Nobody's going to believe this.
Nobody's going to blame you.
Nobody's going to die.
Nobody's going to do anything to you, Tom.
Nobody's going to do it for you.
Nobody's going to hire you.
Nobody's going to hit me.
Nobody's going to hit you.
Nobody's going to hurt us.
Nobody's going to hurt you.
Nobody's going to jail.
Nobody's going to judge you.
Nobody's going to kiss you.
Nobody's going to rescue you.
Nobody's going to rush me into anything.
Nobody's going to see you.
Nobody's going to shed any tears if that old building gets torn down.
Nobody's going to stop me.
Nobody's going to stop us now.
Nobody's going to try anything.
Nobody's gonna be able to point a finger at you.
Nobody's gotten it yet.
Nobody's happy.
Nobody's here yet.
Nobody's here.
Nobody's home.
Nobody's hungry.
Nobody's in favor of torture.
Nobody's in the classroom now.
Nobody's indispensable.
Nobody's infallible.
Nobody's interested.
Nobody's killed me yet.
Nobody's laughing now.
Nobody's laughing.
Nobody's life was in danger.
Nobody's listening anymore.
Nobody's living in the flat.
Nobody's looking for us.
Nobody's making you leave.
Nobody's moving.
Nobody's perfect and that's okay.
Nobody's perfect at it.
Nobody's perfect, and I'm a perfect example.
Nobody's perfect, and I'm a shining example for that.
Nobody's perfect, except me.
Nobody's perfect.
Nobody's perfect. Everyone's butt has a crack in it.
Nobody's perfect. We're people, not angels.
Nobody's permitted to do that.
Nobody's read the book.
Nobody's really sure what we should be doing.
Nobody's right all the time.
Nobody's right.
Nobody's satisfied.
Nobody's seen Tom and Mary in a month.
Nobody's seen Tom and Mary.
Nobody's seen Tom in a month.
Nobody's seen Tom since yesterday morning.
Nobody's seen Tom.
Nobody's seen her in a month.
Nobody's seen her.
Nobody's seen him in a month.
Nobody's seen him.
Nobody's seen me.
Nobody's seen them.
Nobody's seen us.
Nobody's seen you in a month.
Nobody's singing.
Nobody's sitting here.
Nobody's smiling.
Nobody's standing in front of the entrance.
Nobody's suggesting you do that.
Nobody's taking a bath right now.
Nobody's that good.
Nobody's that stupid.
Nobody's there right now.
Nobody's there.
Nobody's told me anything.
Nobody's told me what happened.
Nobody's trying to make you do anything.
Nobody's trying to tell you anything.
Nobody's volunteered.
Nobody's volunteering.
Nobody's watching us.
Nobody's working; they're all watching the World Cup.
Nobody’s working; they’re all watching the World Cup.
Nobuhiko Takada lost to Hikson Grasy.
Nocturnal dung beetles use stars to navigate their environment.
Nod if you agree.
Nod if you can hear me.
Nod if you understand me.
Nod your head if you agree.
Nod your head if you understand.
Nodding is easier with an empty head.
Noddy drives a yellow car.
Noddy is a cab driver.
Noddy wears a blue hat and red shoes.
Noel celebrates Christmas.
Noel knows absolutely nothing about it.
Noh is a traditional Japanese art.
Noise abatement procedures are published for some airports to reduce aircraft noise around residential areas.
Noise is a big cause of stress.
Noise is a great cause of stress.
Noise is bad for your health.
Noise is no problem here.
Noise is not a problem here.
Noise is produced by the sudden flow of current into a solenoid.
Noise is the most serious problem for those who live around the airports.
Noise isn't an issue here.
Noise pollution could be avoided if only people were more sensitive to the environment.
Noise-canceling headphones are designed to suppress background sounds.
Noises interfered with my studying.
Nollywood films have attracted a growing audience.
Nomadic peoples follow the water and grazing land.
Nomadism is part of Mongolian culture.
Nominal GDP, measured in current prices, grew 5.6% in 2015 and 6.8% in 2016.
Nominate now the champion of gender-balanced business.
Nominations are now being accepted.
Nomophobia is the irrational fear of being without one's phone.
Non sequitur is the last resort of the inane.
Non-English names are underrepresented on Tatoeba.
Non-Jews are allowed to vary greatly in opinion; for Jews, our diversity of opinions and politics is used against us and assigned nefarious intentions.
Non-Muslims are not able to serve as judges, army officers, or in any elected office in Iran, apart from having six seats reserved for them in Parliament.
Non-Smoking Station
Non-alcoholic beer won't get you drunk.
Non-avian dinosaurs are all dinosaurs other than birds.
Non-commissioned officers wore a variety of uniforms, or even regular clothing.
Non-intellectuals are always poor.
Non-members pay 50 dollars more.
Non-members pay an additional 50 dollars.
Non-native animals like the Burmese python and some South American toads are key threats because they have few, if any, natural predators in the area.
Non-native speakers are often better language teachers than native speakers.
Non-native speakers are speakers, too.
Non-native speakers developed a fear of making mistakes or speaking up in the classroom as a result of the English teacher's passive-aggressive behavior.
Non-native speakers don't always necessarily make incorrect sentences all the time.
Non-native speakers of a language are often better at teaching it than native speakers.
Non-native speakers often dread attending the English teacher's classes due to the constant passive-aggressive behavior they endure.
Non-native speakers often feel belittled by the English teacher's passive-aggressive behavior, leading to decreased confidence and motivation.
Non-pharmaceutical interventions are the key to stemming the tide of coronavirus infections until a vaccine can be developed.
Non-resident Bangladeshi students can also participate in this competition.
Non-science has corrupted her brain.
Non-smokers are rallying behind the new anti-smoking law.
Non-verbal communication is just as important as what is actually said.
Non-violence is a supreme virtue.
Non-violence is the first article of my faith.
Non-violence, which is the quality of the heart, cannot come by an appeal to the brain.
Non-white people were barred from immigrating to Australia.
Non-white women are often accused by white people of being secretly trans.
Nonbinary Israelis often switch genders when speaking Hebrew, even in the middle of a sentence.
Nonbinary people are real.
Nondisclosure should never be based on an effort to protect the personal interests of Government officials at the expense of those they are supposed to serve.
None are missing.
None but Tom knew the truth.
None but little children would believe it.
None but the brave deserve our respect.
None but the brave deserve the fair.
None but those who have experienced it can form an idea of the delicious throng of sensations which rush into an American's bosom, when he first comes in sight of Europe.
None can do it as good as Tom can.
None can exempt himself from loving; for none can live without a heart, nor the heart without love.
None can get away from death.
None can remove a weight from my heart.
None can remove a weight from our hearts.
None can remove a weight from their hearts.
None can remove a weight from your hearts.
None can undo our commitment.
None have finished the work.
None of Felix's neighbors were home.
None of Felix's other friends has a boat.
None of Igor's friends was available to drop him off.
None of Mary's classmates liked her.
None of Mary's classmates offered to help her.
None of Mary's friends knew where she lived.
None of Sami's numbers works.
None of Tom's advice was very useful.
None of Tom's children can speak French.
None of Tom's classmates knew his last name.
None of Tom's classmates knew who his father was.
None of Tom's classmates like him very much.
None of Tom's classmates like him.
None of Tom's classmates liked him.
None of Tom's classmates offered to help him.
None of Tom's classmates waited for him.
None of Tom's clothes fit me.
None of Tom's colleagues came to visit him while he was in the hospital.
None of Tom's family survived.
None of Tom's friends are Canadians.
None of Tom's friends can do that.
None of Tom's friends can speak French.
None of Tom's friends could speak French.
None of Tom's friends knew Tom was in the hospital.
None of Tom's friends knew he was a CIA agent.
None of Tom's friends knew that Tom was in the hospital.
None of Tom's friends knew that he was a CIA agent.
None of Tom's friends knew where he lived.
None of Tom's friends offered to help him.
None of Tom's friends understand French.
None of Tom's friends want to do that with him.
None of Tom's friends will be there.
None of Tom's friends would help him.
None of Tom's relatives came to his funeral.
None of Tom's teammates seem to like him very much.
None of Tom's teammates seemed to like him very much.
None of Yanni's family ever returned to Algeria.
None of Yanni's friends is coming over.
None of her friends were really big on social media.
None of her pupils passed the exam.
None of her students passed the exam.
None of his advice was very useful.
None of his friends came to visit him there, for there were too many stairs to climb.
None of his predictions came true.
None of his predictions were right.
None of his pupils passed the exam.
None of his sons inherited the family business.
None of his students could solve the problem.
None of it is true.
None of it matters.
None of it was real.
None of my children are able to communicate in French.
None of my children are in Australia.
None of my children are in Boston.
None of my children can play chess.
None of my children can speak French.
None of my children go to school in Boston.
None of my children have been to Australia.
None of my children have been to Boston.
None of my children like Australia.
None of my children like Boston.
None of my children want to go to Australia with me.
None of my children want to go to Australia.
None of my children want to go to Boston with me.
None of my children want to go to Boston.
None of my children were born in Australia.
None of my children were born in Boston.
None of my classes are in French.
None of my classmates live near here.
None of my classmates lives near here.
None of my clothes fit any more.
None of my clothes fit anymore.
None of my clothes fit.
None of my colleagues like Tom.
None of my friends are here.
None of my friends are online.
None of my friends can do that.
None of my friends can speak French.
None of my friends can speak Latin.
None of my friends drink coffee.
None of my friends have ever been to Australia.
None of my friends have ever been to Boston.
None of my friends knew what to do.
None of my friends know.
None of my friends play golf.
None of my friends speak French.
None of my friends speak Latin.
None of my grandkids have started school yet.
None of my grandparents are still living.
None of my pupils failed.
None of my schoolmates lives near here.
None of my students failed.
None of my students would do something like that.
None of my students would do such a thing.
None of my students would do that.
None of our other problems are going to matter if the world becomes uninhabitable.
None of that actually happened.
None of that is necessary.
None of that is true.
None of that makes any sense whatsoever.
None of that makes any sense!
None of that makes any sense.
None of that matters now.
None of that matters today.
None of that matters.
None of that means anything to me.
None of that should matter.
None of that was true.
None of that's of any use to me.
None of the Germanic tribes, who, dividing among themselves the provinces of the Caesarian empire, had tried to dress their barbaric nakedness in the torn but splendid garments of Roman civilization, had known like the Goths how to gather these fragments of purple and gold, to compose themselves in the example of civilized people.
None of the balls are yellow.
None of the batteries work.
None of the books are instructive.
None of the books in my library are in French.
None of the boys had a guitar.
None of the boys had ever dived before.
None of the boys paid any attention to Mary.
None of the boys were wearing short pants.
None of the candidates achieved the required majority at the first ballot.
None of the candidates got a majority of the votes.
None of the candidates have won.
None of the candidates passed the exam.
None of the candidates were successful in the exam.
None of the cars are mine.
None of the cars is mine.
None of the children are sitting.
None of the children wanted to see Tom. They were obviously afraid of him.
None of the children were injured.
None of the clerks at the cheese counter in the Parisian gourmet grocery could speak English.
None of the computers can continue to run with a burnt card.
None of the customers gave Santiago a single tip.
None of the dogs were barking.
None of the elevators are working.
None of the family had been inoculated against diphtheria.
None of the flowers are made of plastic.
None of the flowers are plastic.
None of the food was left.
None of the former heads of state improved the standard of living of the French.
None of the four boys had an alibi.
None of the games were exciting.
None of the gifts was from Yanni.
None of the girls are students.
None of the girls in my class are prettier than Linda.
None of the girls is a student.
None of the items are for sale.
None of the kids followed us in.
None of the kids followed us into the woods.
None of the meat was fit to eat.
None of the medlars bletted.
None of the money is mine.
None of the money is yours.
None of the money was left in the money box.
None of the old teachers are here now. They've all retired.
None of the old trees survived the fire.
None of the other kids want to play with Tom.
None of the other pupils liked Tom because he always grassed everyone up to the teacher.
None of the other pupils liked Tom because he always grassed on everyone to the teacher.
None of the other pupils liked Tom because he was always telling on everyone to the teacher.
None of the other students laughed.
None of the other students spoke to me.
None of the passengers escaped injury.
None of the passengers said anything.
None of the passengers spoke.
None of the passengers were wearing seat belts.
None of the people interviewed knew Tom personally.
None of the people knew where Tom went.
None of the people named Yeshu in the Talmud clearly match up to Jesus, and many are described as living in completely different time periods.
None of the people that I approached have answered me.
None of the people trying to ban gender-affirming care for teens are interested in also banning breast implants for teenage cis girls.
None of the people who were involved in Pierrette's death have any regrets.
None of the pets Vladimir kept reached its first birthday.
None of the phone numbers worked.
None of the pieces fit together.
None of the population was living below the poverty line.
None of the programs look interesting to me.
None of the programs seems interesting to me.
None of the protesters were arrested.
None of the pumpkins would ever measure up to Ziri's giant.
None of the pupils could answer the question.
None of the pupils were able to answer the question.
None of the pupils were absent.
None of the questions in the FAQ match my situation.
None of the rooms is ready.
None of the rumors were true.
None of the rumours are true.
None of the shops I went to had the book I wanted.
None of the students arrived on time.
None of the students could solve any of the problems.
None of the students could solve the problem.
None of the students finished their homework.
None of the students found the correct answer.
None of the students got to school on time today.
None of the students have arrived on time.
None of the students like tests at school.
None of the students passed the exam.
None of the students were able to answer the question.
None of the students were late for school.
None of the students were listening to the teacher.
None of the teachers could solve the problem.
None of the telephones are working.
None of the theories Ziri came up with seemed plausible.
None of the toilets had toilet seats.
None of the trees in that park were paved.
None of the victims' names have been released.
None of the windows are open.
None of the windows were open.
None of the women knew what to do.
None of their promises have been kept.
None of them accepted Islam.
None of them admits defeat.
None of them are Canadians.
None of them are alive anymore.
None of them are busy.
None of them are drivers.
None of them are happy.
None of them are mine.
None of them are perfect.
None of them are present.
None of them belong to me.
None of them can hold a candle to Maria.
None of them converted to Islam.
None of them could answer my question.
None of them could answer my questions.
None of them could understand what she was implying.
None of them could understand.
None of them had any formal science training.
None of them have a job.
None of them have wives.
None of them is a card-carrying member of the fascist movement.
None of them is a driver.
None of them is alive.
None of them is mine.
None of them knew any Tamazight.
None of them know French.
None of them know what's going on with you.
None of them knows French.
None of them look surprised.
None of them looked surprised.
None of them looks surprised.
None of them noticed anything.
None of them said anything.
None of them saw anything.
None of them speak French.
None of them speaks French.
None of them spoke.
None of them survived.
None of them took part in the meeting.
None of them trusts him.
None of them want to go to the cinema tonight.
None of them wanted to meet Tom.
None of them wanted to talk.
None of them wants to go to the cinema tonight.
None of them was so full of longings as the youngest, the very one who had the longest time to wait, and who was so quiet and dreamy.
None of them was there.
None of them were present at the meeting.
None of them were right.
None of them will do that.
None of them woke up.
None of them would admit their guilt.
None of them would admit to being the culprit.
None of these T-shirts are mine.
None of these apples are ripe yet.
None of these are Tom's.
None of these are good enough.
None of these are mine.
None of these books are Tom's.
None of these books are in French.
None of these books are mine.
None of these books are useful.
None of these books were very interesting.
None of these buses go to Boston.
None of these buses go to Shinjuku.
None of these cars are mine.
None of these considerations are decisive.
None of these eggs are fresh.
None of these games are interesting.
None of these guitars are mine.
None of these offices have air-conditioning.
None of these options look very attractive.
None of these pairs of shoes fits me.
None of these pens work any more.
None of these pens work anymore.
None of these pens write any more.
None of these plans ever come anywhere near realization.
None of these suitcases are mine.
None of these things are mine.
None of these things look tempting.
None of these things surprise me.
None of these words is written correctly.
None of this affects us.
None of this had yet been convincingly proven.
None of this happened.
None of this is Tom's fault.
None of this is canon.
None of this is for money.
None of this is good.
None of this is important now.
None of this is mine.
None of this is my fault.
None of this is new.
None of this is personal.
None of this is rational.
None of this is real.
None of this is really happening.
None of this is true.
None of this is very seductive.
None of this is your fault.
None of this is your money.
None of this is yours.
None of this makes any sense to me.
None of this makes any sense.
None of this makes sense.
None of this matters.
None of this medicine tastes very good.
None of this money is mine.
None of this portends a pleasant future.
None of this seemed to surprise Tom.
None of this should matter.
None of this stuff is mine.
None of this was a surprise.
None of this was meant to happen.
None of this was my fault.
None of this was planned.
None of this was your fault.
None of this will hold up in court.
None of this would have been necessary if we had followed Tom's advice.
None of this would have been necessary if we'd followed Tom's advice.
None of this would have happened if we'd been more careful.
None of this would have happened if you'd paid attention to what you were doing.
None of this would've been necessary if we'd followed Tom's advice.
None of this would've happened if we'd been more careful.
None of this would've happened if you'd paid attention to what you were doing.
None of those areas is a Berber-speaking area.
None of those books are interesting.
None of those books are useful.
None of those books is interesting.
None of those boys can speak French.
None of those involved had any visible injury.
None of those things happened.
None of those things have happened.
None of those thoughts are cohesive nor do they make sense independently.
None of those three will line up against the Spanish national team.
None of those words inspired promise.
None of us actually saw it happen.
None of us are Canadians.
None of us are against her idea.
None of us are against his idea.
None of us are busy right now.
None of us are cowards.
None of us are doing anything right now.
None of us are giving up on you.
None of us are happy.
None of us are hungry right now.
None of us are immortal.
None of us are immune to propaganda.
None of us are indispensable.
None of us are locals.
None of us are opposed to her ideas.
None of us are opposed to his ideas.
None of us are perfect.
None of us are planning to go.
None of us are related to the problem.
None of us believe Tom is innocent.
None of us believe that Tom is innocent.
None of us called you.
None of us can afford to stop learning or to check our curiosity about new things, or to lose our humility in the face of new situations.
None of us can be as great as God, but any of us can be as good.
None of us can do that.
None of us can explain Tom's sudden disappearance.
None of us can help the things life has done to us. They're done before you realize it, and once they're done they make you do other things until at last everything comes between you and what you'd like to be, and you've lost your true self forever.
None of us can see them.
None of us can speak French.
None of us can swim.
None of us could arrive at the harbor on time.
None of us could convince Tom to do that.
None of us could do what Tom asked.
None of us could fall asleep.
None of us could see it.
None of us dare take the lift to the top floor.
None of us dared take the lift to the top floor.
None of us dared to speak.
None of us dared to take the lift to the top floor.
None of us did well on the test.
None of us did what Tom wanted us to do.
None of us got much sleep.
None of us had an easy time.
None of us had any idea what was going to happen.
None of us had social media.
None of us has all the relevant information, therefore as our knowledge grows some ideas will be proved right and some wrong.
None of us has been to Boston.
None of us has brothers.
None of us have been there before.
None of us have been to Boston.
None of us have been to Hawaii.
None of us have brothers.
None of us have eaten yet.
None of us have met Tom.
None of us have met her.
None of us have met him.
None of us have met them.
None of us have succeeded.
None of us is perfect.
None of us is so foolish as to believe that he was telling the truth.
None of us knew his decision to win the long-distance race.
None of us knew how long they would be staying on the island.
None of us knew the answer.
None of us knew what Tom was doing.
None of us knew what to do.
None of us knew why the top scorer had been left out of the team.
None of us know.
None of us knows how to drive.
None of us knows what is in store for us.
None of us laughed.
None of us like Tom.
None of us liked Tom's idea.
None of us liked the plan Tom suggested.
None of us liked the plan that Tom suggested.
None of us moved.
None of us plan on being there.
None of us plan on doing that.
None of us plan on staying here much longer.
None of us plan to do that.
None of us plan to go swimming today.
None of us plan to stay here much longer.
None of us quite knew what to do.
None of us returned home.
None of us saw Tom and Mary do that.
None of us saw Tom do that.
None of us saw it.
None of us saw that woman.
None of us saw the old man fall.
None of us speak French.
None of us speaks French.
None of us think Tom will help us.
None of us think like that.
None of us thought he was to blame for the accident.
None of us trust Tom.
None of us want that to happen.
None of us want that.
None of us want to be here.
None of us want to do that.
None of us want to get married.
None of us want to go to Boston.
None of us want to go, but either you or your wife has to go.
None of us wanted Tom to leave.
None of us wanted to do that.
None of us wanted to lose.
None of us wants an endless war.
None of us wants to be on strike.
None of us was able to answer the question.
None of us was actually tall.
None of us were allowed to leave the room.
None of us were daft enough to believe him.
None of us were satisfied with the system.
None of us were so stupid as to believe him.
None of us were stupid enough to believe him.
None of us were stupid enough to believe what Tom said.
None of us will be at your party tonight.
None of us will collaborate in such nonsense.
None of us will do anything to help you.
None of us will do that.
None of us will go to Australia with Tom.
None of us will go to Boston with Tom.
None of us will help you.
None of us would attack Tom for no reason.
None of us yawned.
None of what Tom said was true.
None of what Yanni told us adds up.
None of what he said is true.
None of what he's saying deserves attention.
None of what she's saying deserves attention.
None of what the preacher said at the funeral was true.
None of what you're saying deserves attention.
None of what's happening today has anything to do with me.
None of you are allowed in my room.
None of you are eligible for the prize.
None of you are getting out of here alive.
None of you are going to be fired.
None of you are intolerable.
None of you are invited to my party.
None of you deserve to live.
None of you have any clue what Tom's going through.
None of you have any idea what I've been through.
None of you have any idea what I've gone through.
None of you inherit anything.
None of you is right.
None of you really believe me, do you?
None of you should leave this room.
None of you will have faith till he wishes for his brother what he likes for himself.
None of your business!
None of your business.
None of your sass, Jasper, or I'll keelhaul you!
None of your tricks.
None shall survive.
None understands her.
None understands them.
None understands you.
None were listening to the speaker.
None were satisfied.
None were wearing seat belts.
None, they are all outside.
Nonetheless, Beijing moved quickly to ban Clubhouse after workarounds made the app available on February 8, fearing it would undermine their control of public discourse.
Nonetheless, I think I've been successful in finding the golden mean.
Nonetheless, it's true.
Nonetheless, she loved the children and was content with the work.
Nonfiction is fiction that tries to be true.
Nonnative species have invaded Australia and threaten to overrun indigenous plants and animals.
Nonon likes science fiction.
Nonor is a friend of mine from Friha.
Nonsense is so good only because common sense is so limited.
Nonsense!
Nonsense.
Nonsense. I never said that.
Nonstandard isn't wrong.
Nonstop flights are almost always more expensive.
Nonviolence only works when there are violent activists there to make the nonviolent ones seem like a reasonable compromise.
Noodles are usually made from wheat flour.
Noodles are usually made from wheat.
Noon in Boston is late night in Japan.
Noontime in Boston is late night in Japan.
Nooo! Tom! Noo!
Nooo, Tom! Not you, too!
Nope!
Nope! You'll have to guess it yourself!
Nope, I'm not buying it.
Nope, not at all.
Nope.
Nor am I ashamed to confess my ignorance.
Nor am I.
Nor are there any woods on the moon.
Nor can I believe that the hen's egg (or the egg's hen?) arose by mere accident and evolved by slow, gradual, and undirected natural selection.
Nor can I.
Nor does that sentence sound bad.
Nor hath vengeance found / none save the Trojans; there the victors groan, / and valour fires the vanquished. All around / wailings, and wild affright and shapes of death abound.
Nor have seen her since that day, / nor sought, nor missed her, till in Ceres' fane / we met at length, and mustered our array. / There she alone was wanting of our train, / and husband, son and friends all looked for her in vain!
Nor is there any weapon of thought wherewith to defend.
Nor lacks my sire his presents; for the rest / steeds, guides and arms he finds, and oarsmen of the best.
Nor less Andromache, sore grieved to part, / rich raiment fetches, wrought with golden thread, / and Phrygian scarf, and still with bounteous heart / loads him with broideries. "Take these", she said, / "sole image of Astyanax now dead. / Thy kin's last gifts, my handiwork, to show / how Hector's widow loved the son she bred. / Such eyes had he, such very looks as thou, / such hands, and oh! like thine his age were ripening now!"
Nor less kind welcome doth the rest await. / The monarch, mindful of his sire of old, / receives the Teucrians in his courts of state. / They in the hall, the viands piled on gold, / pledging the God of wine, their brimming cups uphold.
Nor shed his blood: but cast him into this pit, that is in the wilderness, and keep your hands harmless: now he said this, being desirous to deliver him out of their hands and to restore him to his father.
Nor stays his conquering raid / till seven huge bodies on the ground lie slain, / the number of his vessels; then again / he seeks the crews, and gives a deer to each.
Nor was he ever known to curse unless against the government.
Nor yet had Night climbed heaven, when up from sleep / starts Palinurus, and with listening ear / catches the breeze. He marks the stars, that keep / their courses, gliding through the silent sphere, / Arcturus, rainy Hyads and each Bear, / and, girt with gold, Orion.
Nor, having only length, breadth, and thickness, can a cube have a real existence.
Nora danced in the rain.
Nora looks up to her mother.
Norbert laughs at fat and poor people.
Nordic Combined is held as a combination of two events, ski-jump and cross-country ski.
Nordic combined is one of the winter sport events, a competition where you compete on the combination of two Nordic style ski events - cross country skiing and ski jumping.
Noriko is like her mother.
Noriko really is a nice person, isn't she?
Noriko really is a nice person, isn’t she?
Norilsk is one of the most depressing cities in Russia.
Normal activities are lacking thrill.
Normal life can feel uninspiring.
Normal life in the United States came to a halt with mandated closures of businesses beginning in many states.
Normal life in the West Bank is unbearable by all accounts.
Normal people don't act that way.
Normal people don't behave that way.
Normal screws when turned clockwise will tighten and when turned anti-clockwise will loosen.
Normal sleep is made up of two phases.
Normalcy doesn't exist.
Normalcy is boring.
Normality is an illusion. What is normal for a spider is chaos for a fly.
Normality is boring.
Normalize eating all the crust before the rest of the sandwich.
Normalizing hate speech corrodes the moral fabric of society.
Normally I don't make overly large purchases.
Normally I eat popcorn and drink Coke when I watch a movie, but this time I'll eat candy.
Normally I get up at six, but yesterday I didn't get up until eight.
Normally I might study Chinese characters for an hour a day.
Normally I take the bus to school.
Normally I wake up around seven o'clock.
Normally I wake up at six o'clock, but yesterday I woke up at eight o'clock.
Normally I'm punctual.
Normally Masako walks to school.
Normally Tom is very shy, but today he seems very outgoing.
Normally Tom would be working, but not today.
Normally made up of four pollen sacs, the anther produces and releases pollen.
Normally on March 17, about 2 million spectators dressed in green line a 35-block route along Fifth Avenue to view the dozens of marching bands, bagpipers, police, firemen, politicians and personalities along the route.
Normally speaking, Chinese people consider rice to be an important food; the majority of Westerners consider fast food to be an important food.
Normally there are few people there.
Normally this would be funny.
Normally this wouldn't worry the pilot, but recently this kind of thing has been happening more and more often.
Normally we have to wait for only three or four minutes.
Normally we sleep in this room.
Normally you'd call 250 yards a great distance for an amateur.
Normally you’d call 250 yards a great distance for an amateur.
Normally, I don't take unnecessary risks.
Normally, I don't wake up before three in the afternoon.
Normally, I just ignore things like this.
Normally, I sleep late.
Normally, I sleep on my back.
Normally, I stay at home on Sundays.
Normally, I wouldn't have been so busy.
Normally, I'm a very peaceful man. But if my family is threatened, there's no telling what I'll do.
Normally, I'm not afraid of planes.
Normally, Japanese people are shy.
Normally, Tom eats lunch with Mary.
Normally, Tom is a shy and indecisive guy, but when he puts on his fursuit, he comes out of his shell and becomes this outgoing, energetic, fascinating character.
Normally, Tom takes a nap right after lunch.
Normally, Tom will eat lunch at the school cafeteria.
Normally, a guy who reads light novels despite not being a kid anymore is a retard, don't you think?
Normally, a guy who reads light novels despite not being a kid anymore is a retard, don’t you think?
Normally, all the kids in the neighborhood went to school by bus.
Normally, an organization would choose its own auditor — certainly someone with accounting experience.
Normally, it takes years.
Normally, lions don't attack giraffes.
Normally, people ask more questions.
Normally, somebody else does this for us.
Normally, someone else does this for us.
Normally, that should work.
Normally, the doctor doesn't do this.
Normally, this door is locked.
Normally, this figure is below one.
Normally, we do this alone.
Normally, we don't do that here.
Normally, we don't do that in Spain.
Normally, we eat three times a day.
Normally, which discussion forums do French people use to talk about politics and similar things?
Normally, wolves would never invade human territory.
Norman Baade of St. Joseph, Missouri says he has been to Africa several times and was impressed by a photo of two young cheetahs chasing a springbok fawn.
Norman Edelman is a pulmonologist and a senior medical consultant to the American Lung Association.
Norman Finkelstein's parents were survivors of the Holocaust.
Norman Scribner, director of the Choral Arts Society, one of America’s foremost choral-symphonic groups, says he was interested in highlighting Russian music to coincide with the celebration of St. Petersburg’s three-hundredth birthday.
Norman broke down crying after we had sex, leaving me so confused.
Normies have it easy.
North Africa became dominated by Islam.
North Africa encompasses Morocco, Algeria, Mauritania, Tunisia, Libya, and Egypt.
North Africa has always been home to Berbers.
North Africa is overwhelmingly Berber.
North Africa received Islam in the 7th century AD.
North Africa was conquered by Vandals.
North Africa was never completely conquered by the Vandals.
North Africa was occupied by the Romans.
North Africa was pillaged and ravaged by countless invaders.
North Africa was ravaged by the Vandals in the fifth century A.D.
North Africa was the bread basket of the Roman Empire.
North Africa welcomed thousands of Jews who fled persecution in Spain and Portugal.
North Africa's Jewish communities predate Islam.
North African Arabs are genetically indistinguishable from Berbers.
North African Berbers speak the Berber language.
North African Muslims incorporated non-Islamic elements in their religion.
North African nations have a shared cultural heritage.
North African olive oil was exported throughout the Roman Empire.
North Africans are more or less like Italians. We're all people who live around the Mediterranean Sea and we share many cultural traits.
North Africans are proud and brave people.
North Africans are the Italians of the southern coast of the Mediterranean.
North Africans do not speak Berber language, but a set of languages derived from Berber.
North Africans don't tolerate injustice and oppression.
North America consists of 23 sovereign states, Oceania has 14, and South America 12.
North America has more than 200 native stink bug species, but farmers don't worry about most of them. They are focused on the more voracious variety that comes from East Asia.
North America is colder on average than South America.
North Americans are more conservative in terms of sexual morality than Europeans.
North Americans are tall.
North China is cold in spring, so flowers don't bloom outdoors.
North China is cold in spring, so flowers don’t bloom outdoors.
North Kivu province Military Governor Constant Ndima Kongba announced the mandatory evacuation of 10 neighborhoods in the city after seismic and ground deformation data indicated the presence of magma under Goma, extending under adjacent Lake Kivu.
North Korea and South Korea are neighbors.
North Korea can't shut itself off from outside influences.
North Korea continuously expanded its export of resources such as anthracite and iron ore to China.
North Korea could reach US soil with nuclear intercontinental missiles.
North Korea decided the time was right to invade.
North Korea fired a ballistic missile over Japan.
North Korea has always struggled to feed its people.
North Korea has been treated as a pariah state for most of its existence.
North Korea has missile technology that can reach the United States.
North Korea has rejected accusations that it has been involved in hacking.
North Korea has weapons that date back to the disco era but they still are capable of killing thousands of South Korean and American troops.
North Korea is a feudal state.
North Korea is a largely mountainous country.
North Korea is a mountainous country.
North Korea is a reclusive country.
North Korea is a very secretive nation.
North Korea is an isolated country.
North Korea is called "Chosŏn" in Korean.
North Korea is completely cut off from the rest of the world.
North Korea is completely hidden from public view.
North Korea is criticized and ridiculed.
North Korea is cut off from foreign aid.
North Korea is cut off from the outside world.
North Korea is firing missiles over Japan while the US and South Korea are firing their missiles towards the sea.
North Korea is not really a democratic republic, or even traditionally communist, just because their official name is Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
North Korea is one of the most secretive countries in the world.
North Korea is uniquely terrible.
North Korea is weird.
North Korea isolated itself from the world.
North Korea performed another nuclear test.
North Korea still needs its nuclear weapons to maintain its strength.
North Korea tried to use its nuclear capabilities to leverage and get the US to lift its sanctions, but it never worked out.
North Korea will have more powerful weapons.
North Korea won't back down from its aggressive policies.
North Korea's regime is completely closed to the world.
North Korean hackers have been blamed for a number of cyberattacks in the past, including a computer virus known as WannaCry.
North Korean hackers have taken millions of dollars in virtual currencies like bitcoin in recent attacks over the internet.
North Korean missiles flew over Japan's airspace.
North Korean nuclear missiles could reach Guam and Alaska.
North Koreans are really good at drawing lines because they have a Supreme Ruler.
North Koreans are secretly hoping to be liberated of Kim Jung-un's rule.
North Koreans ate roots to survive.
North Koreans could even defend themselves with bows and arrows in case of a foreign invasion.
North Koreans could even kill South Korean and American troops with bows and arrows if necessary.
North Koreans live in North Korea.
North Korea​ is located near Japan.
North Korea’s reclusive leader visits Russia for talks on energy.
North Yemen became independent from the Ottoman Empire in 1918.
North is the opposite direction from south.
North of this place there is a road.
North-east is my favourite compass direction.
Northeastern Chinese dishes are tasteless.
Northern Algeria has a Mediterranean climate.
Northern Algeria has a mild and pleasant climate.
Northern Algeria has a significantly milder climate than the rest of Algeria.
Northern Algeria has ideal weather conditions.
Northern Algeria is a densely populated area.
Northern Algeria is a relatively overcrowded area.
Northern Algeria is an agricultural and industrial region.
Northern Algeria is as beautiful as Italy.
Northern Algeria is at risk of becoming a complete desert.
Northern Algeria is at risk of becoming a desert.
Northern Algeria is covered in mountains.
Northern Algeria is far from the equator.
Northern Algeria is filled with rugged mountains.
Northern Algeria is green.
Northern Algeria is highly urbanized.
Northern Algeria is known for its harsh terrain.
Northern Algeria is mountainous.
Northern Algeria is protected from sub-Saharan terrorists by the vast Sahara Desert.
Northern Algeria is susceptible to earthquakes.
Northern Algeria is the agricultural center of the country.
Northern Algeria is the country's most populated area.
Northern Algeria is the crowded portion of the country.
Northern Algeria is the densely populated portion of the country.
Northern Algeria is the inhabitable portion of the country.
Northern Algeria is very similar to southern Italy.
Northern Algeria is where most of the population lives.
Northern Algeria was recently ravaged by a ridiculous number of wildfires.
Northern Algerians are generally fair-skinned.
Northern Berber comprises at least six mutually intelligible dialects: Kabyle, Riffian, Shawi, Shenwa, Mozabite, and the dialect of Nafusa Mountains in Libya.
Northern Berber dialects are mostly mutually intelligible.
Northern Berber dialects are mutually intelligible but regionally different varieties of the same language.
Northern Berber dialects are mutually intelligible with each other and any claim to the contrary is either unverified or an intentional lie.
Northern Berber dialects have a similar vowel system.
Northern Berber dialects such as Kabyle, Riffian, Shawi, and Shenwa are all mutually intelligible.
Northern Berber is a collection of mutually intelligible but regionally different varieties of the same language.
Northern Berber is a continuum of dialects spoken in the northern part of North Africa.
Northern Berber is a dialect continuum composed of several mutually intelligible dialects including Kabyle, Riffian, Shenwa, and Shawi.
Northern Berbers have facial features that resemble Europeans.
Northern Italy is rich and industrialized.
Northern Mali is a conflict zone.
Northern Sky is the penultimate song on the second and penultimate album by Nick Drake released during his lifetime, Bryter Layter.
Northern elephant seals are large and imposing, with significant differences in size and shape between sexes (sexual dimorphism).
Northern elephant seals are uniformly grey, tan, or brown but color generally begins to fade after the annual molt.
Northern elephant seals dive almost continuously during the 6 to 8 months they spend at sea. They dive to depths of 300-800 meters and dives can last up to 2 hours.
Northern flying squirrels nest inside trees.
Northern flying squirrels often share nests during the winter.
Northern lights appear all year round in Greenland.
Northerners had expected to win the Battle of Bull Run.
Northumbria University, in northeast England, said on Friday that at least 770 students had tested positive for the virus.
Norway has a total area of 385,252 square kilometres and a population of about 5 million.
Norway has a very low population density.
Norway has many old empty cattle sheds.
Norway has surprised me.
Norway is a Nordic country.
Norway is a Scandinavian country that Muslims migrated to more than fifty years ago.
Norway is a leading producer and the world's second-largest exporter of seafood, after China.
Norway is a very beautiful country. I'd like to visit it.
Norway is called "Noreg" in Norwegian.
Norway is called "Norge" in Norwegian.
Norway is leading the Sochi Olympics medal count.
Norway is my new homeland.
Norway is not a member of the European Union.
Norway is not ready for another terror attack.
Norway is the land of fjords.
Norway is the richest country in the world.
Norway is the world's happiest country.
Norway opted out of the EU during a referendum in November 1994.
Norway racked up sixteen gold medals in the 2022 Winter Olympics.
Norway surprised me.
Norway's Marit Bjørgen won the 15km women's skiathlon.
Norway's coast has been inhabited ever since the ice retreated after the last ice age and created living circumstances for people along the bare and weather-beaten coast, with its countless fjords and islands.
Norway's domestic electricity production relies almost entirely on hydropower.
Norway's population is about 5 million.
Norway's sovereign wealth fund is so large, that every Norwegian is a millionaire on paper.
Norway, located in Northern Europe, is a highly developed country.
Norway’s Olympic committee requested that Tokyo 2020 Olympics be postponed until the coronavirus spread is contained.
Norwegian Air said it was suspending service between Oslo and Milan.
Norwegian Cruise Line decided to voluntarily suspend cruise voyages.
Norwegian exceptionalism — this sense that there is somehow something better, nobler, wiser about Norwegians than people from any other part of the world, and that only those with protestant roots can understand this — is the very worst of what Norway has to offer.
Norwegian is similar to Swedish and Danish.
Norwegian is the official language of Norway.
Norwegian prisons are the most luxurious in the world.
Norwegian prisons are the most luxurious prisons in the world.
Norwegian reggae is very cool. Simply excellent.
Norwegian, Swedish and Danish are mutually intelligible to a high degree.
Norwegians have a nice time at their cabins.
Norwegians travel like never before.
Norwich City FC, nicknamed The Canaries, play in a yellow and green kit, while Ipswich Town FC, their East Anglian rivals, play in blue.
Norwich City FC, nicknamed The Canaries, play in a yellow and green kit; Ipswich Town FC, their East Anglian rivals, play in blue.
Nose surgery is very expensive.
Nose-picking is not a good habit, my dear.
Nostalgia ain't what it used to be.
Nostalgia often tugs at our hearts.
Nostalgia often turns into uncomfortable memories.
Nostalgia treacherously assailed me.
Nostrils and blowholes are homologous.
Nosy tabloids drove a washed-up star to the brink of suicide.
Not "he is my son" but " I am his father".
Not I but my brother lives in Sendai.
Not Your Keys, Not Your Coins.
Not a bad picture!
Not a candle to God, nor a poker to the Devil.
Not a chance!
Not a cloud in sight today.
Not a cloud was to be seen.
Not a day goes by that I don't think about you.
Not a day goes by that I don't think of him.
Not a day goes by that I don't think of my dog that has died.
Not a day goes by that I don't think of you.
Not a day goes by when I don't think about you.
Not a day goes by when I don't think of you.
Not a day goes by when someone doesn't write or tell me their life story.
Not a day goes by where I don't think about you.
Not a day goes by without our hearing of an environmental problem.
Not a day goes by without them being insulted.
Not a day passed but I practiced playing the piano.
Not a day passed by but he regretted what he had done.
Not a day passes in which we don't use electricity in our daily lives.
Not a day passes in which we don’t use electricity in our daily lives.
Not a day passes without having an argument with him.
Not a day passes without traffic accidents.
Not a day seems to pass without newspapers reporting the war.
Not a day went by when he didn't regret what he'd done.
Not a drop left in the bed of ancient lake or river, not a crystal thread trickling down the rock channelled by ancient cascades, and nevertheless abundance of greenery and luxuriant foliage everywhere!
Not a drop more or a drop less of His blood was for a white man or black man, a male or female, old or young, retarded, crippled, blind, deaf, dumb or precious baby in the womb.
Not a drop of rain fell for a month, so they had to dig a well.
Not a few foreigners like Japanese food.
Not a few houses were destroyed by the typhoon.
Not a few houses were destroyed in the typhoon.
Not a few monkeys were found in the mountain.
Not a few people had that thought.
Not a few people have two cars.
Not a few people live to be over eighty.
Not a few people think that all foreign-made articles are superior to ones made in this country.
Not a few pupils could solve the problem.
Not a few students came to the concert last Saturday.
Not a few students made the same mistake.
Not a great deal of energy is required for keeping a free moving pendulum in a state of oscillation.
Not a letter did I receive from her.
Not a little money was lost.
Not a lot is going on here.
Not a lot of people know anything about COBAL.
Not a lot of people seem to like Tom.
Not a man among them could lift the weight.
Not a moment could be lost.
Not a moment too soon, they arrived.
Not a moment too soon.
Not a moment was to be lost.
Not a penny was in his pocket.
Not a ray of light could reach the closet.
Not a seed at home, but call me Bajirao nonetheless.
Not a sheet of toilet paper left.
Not a shot was fired.
Not a single bullet hit the target.
Not a single cloud could be seen in the sky.
Not a single cookie was left.
Not a single cow was missing.
Not a single creature on earth has more or less right to be here.
Not a single day passes without some tragic events.
Not a single detail was overlooked.
Not a single dish was missed.
Not a single doubt remained.
Not a single doubt remains.
Not a single drop of rain fell today.
Not a single light was on in the house.
Not a single mistake escaped his watchful gaze.
Not a single moment was wasted.
Not a single nail is used to build a dhow boat.
Not a single neuron appeared to be firing.
Not a single one of the windows would open.
Not a single person arrived late.
Not a single person came to my performances.
Not a single person had arrived late.
Not a single person hasn't looked for you.
Not a single person was in the street.
Not a single person was on the street.
Not a single person was outside in any direction.
Not a single person we haven't questioned.
Not a single person will appear.
Not a single scene of that film was filmed in Algiers.
Not a single sentence has been translated in all the languages of the world.
Not a single snowflake has fallen.
Not a single soul knew the truth.
Not a single soul knows about it.
Not a single sparrow chirped.
Not a single sparrow was to be heard.
Not a single star could be seen in the sky.
Not a single star is to be seen tonight.
Not a single student was late.
Not a single tear was shed.
Not a single thing went as planned.
Not a single time did we go there this year.
Not a single whale shark appeared in the area.
Not a single women's sport is dominated by trans women.
Not a single word Yanni said in Berber made any sense.
Not a single word did he say.
Not a single word escaped her lips.
Not a single word was spoken.
Not a soul grasped his meaning.
Not a soul had noticed.
Not a soul is here.
Not a soul paid attention to him.
Not a soul paid attention to them.
Not a soul paid attention to us.
Not a soul paid attention to you.
Not a soul was to be seen because of a dense fog.
Not a soul was to be seen in the parking lot.
Not a soul was to be seen in the street.
Not a soul was to be seen in the town.
Not a soul was to be seen in the village.
Not a soul was to be seen on the street.
Not a soul was to be seen.
Not a soul was visible on the hedgeless highway, or on either side of it, and the white road seemed to ascend and diminish till it joined the sky.
Not a sound was heard in the room.
Not a sound was heard.
Not a sound was to be heard in the concert hall.
Not a star was to be seen in the sky.
Not a star was to be seen that night.
Not a star was to be seen.
Not a stray stick nor stone was to be seen, for Mrs. Rachel would have seen it if there had been.
Not a whit, we defy augury.
Not a word about this to Jamal, OK?
Not a word about this to anyone!
Not a word did he speak.
Not a word did she say to me.
Not a word he said was true.
Not a word he says is worthy to be heard.
Not a word more shall be said.
Not a word of business was discussed.
Not a word of his is worth listening to.
Not a word of this shall be spoken again.
Not a word of this to anyone. Got it?
Not a word of what Tom said was true.
Not a word to Tom! If he hears that guests are coming, he'll drop some threadbare excuse and sneak away.
Not a word to anyone, please.
Not a word was said after that.
Not a word was said.
Not a word was spoken.
Not a word.
Not again!
Not again! Look at those two kissing. They've really got the hots for each other. I can't watch this any more.
Not again! Look at those two kissing. They’ve really got the hots for each other. I can’t watch this any more.
Not again.
Not all Algerians are like this.
Not all Americans shared Wilson's opinion.
Not all Americans shared Wilson’s opinion.
Not all Americans speak English as their mother tongue.
Not all Americans supported the war.
Not all Australians are the same.
Not all Brazilians enjoy Carnival.
Not all Canadians are tall.
Not all Catholics celebrate Christmas on December 25th, and not all those who celebrate Christmas on December 25th are Catholic.
Not all East Indians like English.
Not all English people like fish and chips.
Not all French people live in France.
Not all Germans like to drink beer.
Not all Hispanics are Roman Catholics. Some Hispanics are Jews.
Not all Israelis hate Arabs.
Not all Japanese cars have steering wheels on the right side.
Not all Jews are Zionists and not all Zionists are Jews.
Not all Jews are religious.
Not all Jews are with Zionism.
Not all Jews follow Judaism.
Not all Jews speak Hebrew.
Not all Kabyles are Muslims.
Not all Muslim men are good Muslims.
Not all Muslim women wear the hijab.
Not all Muslims are Arabs.
Not all Muslims are terrorists.
Not all Muslims observe Ramadan.
Not all Muslims practice Islam.
Not all Muslims practice their religion.
Not all Palestinians hate Jews but there needs to be a just solution to the Palestinian problems, not the hypocrisy and utopia of the two-state solution that would ignore the right of return of the Palestinian refugees to their homeland.
Not all Russians are Russian citizens and not all citizens of Russia are Russians.
Not all Russians are necessarily alcohol lovers, either.
Not all TV series are the same.
Not all adults drink.
Not all aliens are bad.
Not all animals are scared of fire.
Not all animals are wild.
Not all animals eat hay.
Not all answers have questions.
Not all apples are red.
Not all are called to be artists in the specific sense of the term. Yet, as Genesis has it, all men and women are entrusted with the task of crafting their own life: in a certain sense, they are to make of it a work of art, a masterpiece.
Not all are sons of bitches.
Not all atrocities are punished.
Not all atrocities were punished.
Not all baby animals are cute.
Not all bees are eusocial.
Not all bees sting.
Not all big men are strong.
Not all birds build nests.
Not all birds can fly.
Not all birds can sing.
Not all birds eat berries or seeds.
Not all birds fly.
Not all blondes are dumb.
Not all blondes are stupid.
Not all books are good books.
Not all books are good.
Not all books are worth reading.
Not all brothers speak the same language.
Not all browsers are secure.
Not all calories are the same.
Not all cats are black.
Not all change is bad.
Not all children are interested in sci-fi.
Not all children have free access to education.
Not all children like apples.
Not all clinical studies are hypothesis-driven.
Not all clouds bring rain.
Not all clowns are funny.
Not all coastal regions have mild climates.
Not all compliments are the same.
Not all cops are crooked.
Not all corn is yellow.
Not all criminals need to be incarcerated.
Not all criminals should go to jail.
Not all criticism is constructive.
Not all doctors make a lot of money.
Not all dogs are intelligent.
Not all dreams last long.
Not all eccentricity is mental illness.
Not all elves are mean.
Not all esters smell good.
Not all expectations were met.
Not all experts agree.
Not all families are the same.
Not all fat is bad. A new study has found that fat cells that lie beneath the skin’s surface may protect against bacterial infections.
Not all fields are fertile.
Not all fish are cold-blooded.
Not all fjords have mountains around them.
Not all flowers bloom in the spring.
Not all furries yiff.
Not all geniuses are engineers, but all engineers are geniuses. The set of all engineers is thus an, unfortunately proper, subset of all geniuses.
Not all girls are like that.
Not all girls hate men.
Not all good men will prosper.
Not all heathens are Nazis.
Not all heroes wear a cape.
Not all heroes wear capes.
Not all horses were born equal. A few were born to win.
Not all infectious diseases are contagious.
Not all internet browsers are safe.
Not all jinns are evil.
Not all jokes are funny.
Not all languages are supported yet.
Not all laws are just.
Not all lawyers are attorneys, but every attorney is first and foremost a lawyer.
Not all men are created equal.
Not all men are like that.
Not all men are wise.
Not all men like short women.
Not all mistakes are the same.
Not all mushrooms are poisonous.
Not all music is like that.
Not all my classmate like the food in the cafeteria.
Not all native speakers are at a C2 level.
Not all of Africa's borders are completely fixed.
Not all of Tom's jokes are funny.
Not all of my cats are gray.
Not all of my friends are married.
Not all of my friends like singing.
Not all of my friends like swimming.
Not all of my friends like to swim.
Not all of my ideas are good ones.
Not all of our buses are equipped to handle wheelchairs.
Not all of the books are instructive.
Not all of the boys laughed at Tom.
Not all of the boys laughed at him.
Not all of the changes that Tom made were bad.
Not all of the documents were in French.
Not all of the jazz band kids could afford Harmon mutes.
Not all of the jokes Tom told us were funny.
Not all of the jokes that Tom told use were funny.
Not all of the museum's items are on display.
Not all of the passengers escaped injury.
Not all of the passengers were wearing seat belts.
Not all of the products have price tags.
Not all of the staff was present.
Not all of the students have gone home.
Not all of the students were present.
Not all of them are Canadians.
Not all of them are asleep.
Not all of them are busy.
Not all of them are gaijin hunters.
Not all of them are happy.
Not all of them are like that.
Not all of them are poor.
Not all of them are present at the meeting today.
Not all of them are present.
Not all of them will go.
Not all of them will help us.
Not all of these books are in French, but most of them are.
Not all of these decisions are welcome by all.
Not all of these eggs are fresh.
Not all of those books are useful.
Not all of those men are doctors.
Not all of us agree.
Not all of us agreed with Tom.
Not all of us are able to recognise our limits.
Not all of us are against her idea.
Not all of us are against his idea.
Not all of us are born with musical talent.
Not all of us are from Boston.
Not all of us are surfers.
Not all of us can be geniuses.
Not all of us can speak English.
Not all of us can speak French.
Not all of us can swim.
Not all of us can understand French.
Not all of us catch colds.
Not all of us had flashlights.
Not all of us have eaten yet.
Not all of us quit.
Not all of us went to the Sapporo Snow Festival.
Not all of us were able to fit into the van.
Not all of us were able to get into the van.
Not all of us were deceived.
Not all of us were fortunate enough to win the inheritance lottery when we were born.
Not all of us were satisfied with the system.
Not all of us who have dyslexia mixed up "d" and "b" when we were little.
Not all of you. I just need one of you.
Not all parents are good parents.
Not all people are equal. That's, on one hand, good news because it means that not all people are bad.
Not all people are evil bastards.
Not all people are evil devils.
Not all people are the same.
Not all people from England like fish and chips.
Not all people in Algeria speak Arabic.
Not all people like dogs.
Not all people understood Yuri's peculiarity.
Not all philosophers consider the endlessness of the Universe to be true.
Not all police are brave.
Not all police investigations necessarily lead to the arrest of a culprit.
Not all police investigations necessarily lead to the arrest of a suspect.
Not all policemen are brave.
Not all politicians are liars.
Not all pretty things are useful.
Not all prisons paid for executions.
Not all problems are straightforward.
Not all questions have answers.
Not all rabbits have long ears.
Not all real things are logical.
Not all red apples taste the same.
Not all relationships can be fixed.
Not all religions are theistic.
Not all roads lead to Rome.
Not all roses are red.
Not all schoolchildren like sport.
Not all schoolkids like sport.
Not all scientific studies are equal.
Not all sentences in Tatoeba's corpus are true.
Not all shiny metals are gold.
Not all snakes are poisonous.
Not all species of spiders are poisonous.
Not all spiders are dangerous to humans.
Not all spiders are poisonous.
Not all stars age at the same speed.
Not all stones are worthless.
Not all string instruments have frets.
Not all students have a Sunday notebook.
Not all students like sports.
Not all swallows are migratory.
Not all swans are white.
Not all teachers behave like that.
Not all texts deserve to be published.
Not all that Tom did in his life was right.
Not all that glitters, is gold.
Not all the animals are strong.
Not all the apples are red.
Not all the books are worth reading.
Not all the candidates can pass the examination.
Not all the children like apples.
Not all the houses around here were burned down in the fire.
Not all the infectious diseases are contagious.
Not all the laws of nature are correct.
Not all the members were at the convention yesterday.
Not all the members were at the meeting yesterday.
Not all the pupils at this school go on to university.
Not all the pupils at this school will go on to university.
Not all the pupils were present.
Not all the reviews have been positive.
Not all the staff were present.
Not all the students are against the plan.
Not all the students attended the meeting.
Not all the students of this school go on to university.
Not all the students went there.
Not all the students were present at the class.
Not all the students were present in class.
Not all the students were present.
Not all the students were there.
Not all the things that we wish for may be good for us.
Not all these eggs are fresh.
Not all things that happen happen on this world.
Not all those books are worth reading.
Not all those students are present.
Not all those who wander are lost.
Not all trains stop here.
Not all truths should be spoken.
Not all verbs require an object.
Not all views need to match.
Not all violence is equally reprehensible; not all wars are equally unjust.
Not all waves are fun.
Not all web browsers are safe.
Not all were satisfied.
Not all women are alike.
Not all women want to become mothers.
Not all zoos offer good habitats for their animals.
Not always does a literal translation capture the real meaning of a phrase or expression.
Not always, but more and more frequently.
Not always, but more and more often.
Not an anna in hand, but call me administrator nonetheless.
Not another goalless draw!
Not another outburst!
Not another word!
Not another word.
Not anybody likes this book.
Not as easy as I thought.
Not as long as you live under my roof!
Not as many people came as yesterday.
Not as many people will be here tomorrow.
Not at all!
Not at all! I have never said such a thing.
Not at all, nobody is.
Not at all, that's perfectly fine. Calling each other by one's given name is a good thing; it produces a feeling of fellowship.
Not at all, that’s perfectly fine. Calling each other by one’s given name is a good thing; it produces a feeling of fellowship.
Not at all.
Not bad at all!
Not bad at all.
Not bad for a beginner.
Not bad for a number two driver, eh?
Not bad for a start.
Not bad!
Not bad, but I'm a bit tired.
Not bad, but I’m a bit tired.
Not bad, eh?
Not bad, not bad at all!
Not bad, that one, is it?
Not bad, that one, is she?
Not bad.
Not bad. But I'm a little tired.
Not bad. But I’m a little tired.
Not bad. I can earn a good enough living.
Not badâ€”not bad at all. This is quite a gathering of talent to have under one roof.
Not bad—not bad at all. This is quite a gathering of talent to have under one roof.
Not before tomorrow afternoon.
Not being able to afford bail, Tom has been in jail since his arrest.
Not being able to carry out payments on time can cause very large losses for the consumer.
Not being able to decide what the priority should be is the biggest problem.
Not being able to eat sweets is an extremely painful thing.
Not being able to investigate every point of systematical and physiological botany thoroughly himself, he, with amiable deference, often trusted to those who had more particularly studied certain subjects.
Not being careful of his health, he fell ill.
Not being heard is no reason for silence.
Not being inclusive in world affairs, Obama said, could alienate citizens throughout the world, causing conflict, mass immigration, and the creation of safe havens for terrorism.
Not being tall is not a serious disadvantage in life.
Not being tall isn't a disadvantage.
Not being tall isn’t a disadvantage.
Not being useful to anyone is simply being worthless.
Not being watchful, the driver failed to stop in time.
Not being well, she stayed home.
Not believe in Santa Claus! You might as well not believe in fairies!
Not by birth does one become an outcast, not by birth does one become a Brahman; by deeds one becomes an outcast, by deeds one becomes a Brahman.
Not by your counsel was I sent hither, but by the will of God: who hath made me as it were a father to Pharaoh, and lord of his whole house, and governor in all the land of Egypt.
Not carrying enough water when crossing a desert could be a fatal mistake.
Not choosing is choosing already.
Not coming on time is very bad.
Not complying with the naming conventions will result in parse errors.
Not cool, man.
Not counting Portuguese, I only know Esperanto.
Not doing anything bad doesn't make you good.
Not doing it today is OK.
Not doing one's work properly may be worse than not doing it at all.
Not doing one’s work properly may be worse than not doing it at all.
Not dressing warmly in winter can result in catching a bad cold.
Not driving himself, he isn't familiar with cars.
Not driving himself, he isn’t familiar with cars.
Not easy sharing your opinion in a world where journalists are shot dead for sharing their opinions.
Not eating or drinking anything for a couple of days may result in death.
Not enough light comes in through this window.
Not enough salt is better than too much salt.
Not enough salt.
Not enough sentences involve Sherlock Holmes, a public domain character.
Not enough time to catch the last bus.
Not even Ariel Sharon denied the existence of the Palestinians. Yet we have people who are far less barbaric than Sharon, claiming that there is no such thing as the Palestinian people.
Not even CPR could save Robert.
Not even Google Translate would come up with something like this.
Not even Heracles is a match for two.
Not even I know what I want.
Not even Mary could've done this by herself.
Not even Rome was built in one day.
Not even Sami can deny this.
Not even Tom and Mary could've done this by themselves.
Not even Tom can do that.
Not even Tom could have done this by himself.
Not even Tom could tell the difference.
Not even Tom could've done this by himself.
Not even Tom did that.
Not even Tom is willing to do that.
Not even Tom knew when Mary was going to arrive.
Not even Tom knows the truth.
Not even Tom would be able to help me.
Not even Tom would do that.
Not even a day can we live without water.
Not even a detective could have done it better.
Not even a god can love and be wise at the same time.
Not even a hundred people went to the concert. That is astonishingly few.
Not even a moment after leaving, those lot had already scoffed down all the meat I'd bought.
Not even a single person survived.
Not even a state can obligate you to take others' lives.
Not even at gunpoint will Imogen of the Internet admit she only learned CSS to spruce up her Myspace profile in the 2000s.
Not even beasts are treated this way!
Not even death can save you from me.
Not even going to work, do you want to keep living like this?
Not even he knew the truth.
Not even her husband knows the reason for her death.
Not even his father was spared from his wordplay.
Not even judges respect the Spanish Constitution.
Not even me!
Not even my friends know my real name.
Not even my wife is allowed to touch it.
Not even one taxi stopped.
Not even our fingers look alike.
Not even plastic surgery will make you less ugly.
Not even playgrounds are safe? What kind of world is this?
Not even rustles are heard in the garden. Everything here froze until morning.
Not even the fourth wall will save you from Tom's true power.
Not even the teacher talked about that topic.
Not even we understand how we ended up here.
Not even you can dampen my spirits right now!
Not even you know what you want.
Not even!
Not every addict is traumatized, but there would be a lot fewer addicts if a lot fewer people were traumatized.
Not every bird can sing.
Not every book deserves to be read.
Not every book is worth reading.
Not every book on the desk belongs to me.
Not every boy here has a girlfriend.
Not every character has their own name.
Not every child is fortunate enough to have caring parents.
Not every child likes apples.
Not every citizen of Russia is Russian.
Not every citizen of Russia is ethnically Russian.
Not every college student has broadband at home.
Not every community was affected.
Not every company can afford to underwrite such an expensive event.
Not every country belongs to the U.N.
Not every day is Sunday.
Not every day is a day of celebration!
Not every error is to be called folly.
Not every family has a garden.
Not every fat guy is a bear.
Not every grandchild is an angel; sometimes grandchildren are enemies.
Not every horse can run fast.
Not every idea techbros have is a good one. They're incredibly out of touch with the vast majority of people.
Not every lamp is magic.
Not every language uses the same punctuation mark to mean the same thing.
Not every man can be happy.
Not every mistake should be called stupidity.
Not every new religious movement is a cult.
Not every nice-looking thing is useful.
Not every old synagogue gets restored.
Not every problem has an immediate solution.
Not every problem is a social one.
Not every question deserves an answer.
Not every racist country has the same racial classification system.
Not every sect is a cult.
Not every sentence can be written in verse.
Not every sentence in Tatoeba's corpus is true.
Not every sentence referring to Tom is actually canon to his universe.
Not every skinny guy is a twink.
Not every story has a Hollywood ending.
Not every student has a dictionary.
Not every student studying law can be a lawyer.
Not every student went there yesterday.
Not every subject will find us in agreement.
Not every text deserves to be published.
Not every trip needs souvenirs.
Not every truth can be told all the time.
Not every truth is fit to be told.
Not every untrue statement is a lie.
Not every woman in this world wishes to be a mom.
Not every woman who starts a fire will cook.
Not every word in this dictionary is important.
Not everybody agrees that globalization is progress.
Not everybody can be a poet.
Not everybody can be an artist.
Not everybody can do that.
Not everybody can go to the beach.
Not everybody did that.
Not everybody does that.
Not everybody enjoys this kind of thing.
Not everybody got here on time.
Not everybody graduates.
Not everybody here can speak French.
Not everybody here has everything they need.
Not everybody here is from Boston.
Not everybody here works in Boston.
Not everybody hugged Tom.
Not everybody is a racist.
Not everybody is poor.
Not everybody is ready.
Not everybody is the same.
Not everybody kissed Tom goodbye.
Not everybody knows French.
Not everybody knows about my plan.
Not everybody knows about the plan.
Not everybody knows what burrs are.
Not everybody knows what it means.
Not everybody knows what to do.
Not everybody knows who Tom is.
Not everybody likes doing this.
Not everybody likes snow.
Not everybody loved Tom.
Not everybody loves doing this.
Not everybody smiled.
Not everybody succeeds in life.
Not everybody wants to be an artist.
Not everybody wants to do that.
Not everybody wants to learn English.
Not everybody was as lucky as we were.
Not everybody was dancing.
Not everybody who drinks becomes an alcoholic.
Not everybody will be able to understand this.
Not everybody wins!
Not everyday is a funfair.
Not everyone agreed with us.
Not everyone agreed.
Not everyone agrees with Tom.
Not everyone agrees with that.
Not everyone agrees with you.
Not everyone agrees.
Not everyone believed this plan was a good one.
Not everyone believes in the same reality.
Not everyone believes that.
Not everyone belongs there.
Not everyone benefits from pursuing a degree.
Not everyone bounces back from trauma immediately.
Not everyone can afford a car.
Not everyone can afford it.
Not everyone can afford such a luxury.
Not everyone can afford to buy a house.
Not everyone can be a KRS-ONE.
Not everyone can be a poet.
Not everyone can be a teacher.
Not everyone can buy a house.
Not everyone can do it.
Not everyone can do that.
Not everyone can do this.
Not everyone can drink tap water.
Not everyone can go to college. There are kids that can't go even if they wanted to.
Not everyone can have blue blood.
Not everyone can have noble blood.
Not everyone can hear you.
Not everyone can make a good cup of coffee.
Not everyone can realize the dreams of his youth.
Not everyone can run as fast as you, Tom.
Not everyone celebrates Christmas.
Not everyone could afford to pay their taxes.
Not everyone could hear what Tom said.
Not everyone deserves good things, but you've never done anything bad enough not to deserve them.
Not everyone did that.
Not everyone dismisses these acts of vandalism as a trifle — a harmless prank.
Not everyone does that.
Not everyone drives a hundred kilometres a day.
Not everyone enjoyed it.
Not everyone enjoys this kind of thing.
Not everyone faces the same difficulties.
Not everyone from Southwest Asia is Arab.
Not everyone from the Midwest talks like that.
Not everyone got along.
Not everyone got here on time.
Not everyone had time to do what they needed to do.
Not everyone has a bank account in Algeria.
Not everyone has a signed contract.
Not everyone has access to the Internet.
Not everyone has as much money as you do.
Not everyone has as much money as you.
Not everyone has good intentions.
Not everyone has had a friend.
Not everyone has many alternatives in life.
Not everyone has problems with Tom.
Not everyone has the natural desire to help others.
Not everyone has this ability.
Not everyone hates Tom.
Not everyone here can speak French.
Not everyone here can understand French.
Not everyone here wants to be here.
Not everyone hugged Tom.
Not everyone in Boston likes me.
Not everyone in Boston likes them.
Not everyone in Boston likes us.
Not everyone in town likes Tom.
Not everyone in town likes her.
Not everyone in town likes him.
Not everyone in town likes me.
Not everyone in town likes them.
Not everyone in town likes us.
Not everyone in town likes you.
Not everyone is Catholic.
Not everyone is a motherfucker.
Not everyone is afraid of Tom, but many people are.
Not everyone is agreed on that.
Not everyone is as busy as you are.
Not everyone is as busy as you.
Not everyone is as considerate as you are.
Not everyone is as considerate as you.
Not everyone is as educated as we are.
Not everyone is as nice as you.
Not everyone is as understanding as you.
Not everyone is born with the desire to help others.
Not everyone is dishonest.
Not everyone is evil.
Not everyone is friendly.
Not everyone is going to understand.
Not everyone is good at heart.
Not everyone is happy about this.
Not everyone is happy.
Not everyone is honest.
Not everyone is like Tom.
Not everyone is like you.
Not everyone is lucky enough to be born in developed countries where they can learn to read.
Not everyone is lucky enough to spend their vacation in Africa, among lions, rhinos and zebras.
Not everyone is lucky.
Not everyone is meant to be happy.
Not everyone is motivated by greed.
Not everyone is motivated by money.
Not everyone is properly rewarded for his efforts.
Not everyone is ready to die.
Not everyone is ready to handle the truth about who they really are inside themselves.
Not everyone is ready to take responsibility and expose himself to the risk of making mistakes.
Not everyone is ready.
Not everyone is smiling.
Not everyone is so confident.
Not everyone is thrilled.
Not everyone is worried.
Not everyone jumped on the bandwagon.
Not everyone kissed Tom goodbye.
Not everyone knows English.
Not everyone knows French.
Not everyone knows that.
Not everyone knows this.
Not everyone knows what to do.
Not everyone knows who Tom is.
Not everyone like the pathos of Bollywood films, but I do.
Not everyone liked him.
Not everyone likes Boston.
Not everyone likes Tom.
Not everyone likes beer.
Not everyone likes doing this.
Not everyone likes her jokes.
Not everyone likes his jokes.
Not everyone likes olive oil.
Not everyone likes picnics.
Not everyone likes singing.
Not everyone likes snow.
Not everyone likes swimming.
Not everyone likes that book.
Not everyone likes the colour dark blue.
Not everyone likes this.
Not everyone likes to drink tea. Take me, for example. I like coffee.
Not everyone likes your jokes.
Not everyone loves Algerians.
Not everyone needs a college degree.
Not everyone needs a degree.
Not everyone needs a fortune to make a woman happy.
Not everyone needs friends.
Not everyone noticed.
Not everyone seems to agree with Tom.
Not everyone shares that point of view.
Not everyone shares your opinion.
Not everyone smiled.
Not everyone speaks English, and they certainly shouldn't have to.
Not everyone succeeds in life.
Not everyone succeeds.
Not everyone thought she was a great actress.
Not everyone understood.
Not everyone wanted to help.
Not everyone wants to be here.
Not everyone wants to hurt you.
Not everyone was asleep.
Not everyone was celebrating.
Not everyone was convinced.
Not everyone was dumb, though.
Not everyone was happy about this.
Not everyone was happy with the decision.
Not everyone was happy.
Not everyone was impressed.
Not everyone was pleased.
Not everyone was satisfied.
Not everyone was so impressed.
Not everyone was that impressed.
Not everyone who criticizes the British government is considered an "Anglophobe" for this.
Not everyone who drinks becomes an alcoholic.
Not everyone who goes fishing catches fish.
Not everyone who has a paintbrush in their hand is a painter.
Not everyone who is nice to you is your friend.
Not everyone who lives here is rich.
Not everyone who opposes Trump is a good person, but everyone who supports Trump is a bad person.
Not everyone who shines in the morning shines in the afternoon.
Not everyone who traditionally speaks Arabic identifies as Arab.
Not everyone who wants to may be a gourmand.
Not everyone will agree with Tom.
Not everyone will love you.
Not everyone will understand.
Not everyone with the virus is symptomatic.
Not everyone works.
Not everyone you meet will be nice.
Not everyone's like you.
Not everyone's the same.
Not everything Tom said about Mary was true.
Not everything Tom said was true.
Not everything Tom told me about Mary was true.
Not everything Tom told you is true.
Not everything bad is genocide.
Not everything bad is literally the Holocaust.
Not everything can be bought with money.
Not everything can be done from home.
Not everything can be explained.
Not everything can be the way we want, Teresa.
Not everything can be thoroughly explained in life.
Not everything contained in the Talmud is accepted as Jewish law, owing to the nature of the work as recording the divergent opinions of many scholars.
Not everything doable is worth doing.
Not everything edible is worth eating.
Not everything filthy is crap.
Not everything gets a chance to exist.
Not everything goes as planned.
Not everything happens only on this world.
Not everything has a clear meaning.
Not everything has to be rigorously examined.
Not everything has to be understood.
Not everything has to do with you.
Not everything has to make sense.
Not everything immoral is of low quality.
Not everything important can be counted and not everything that can be counted is important.
Not everything in Morocco is fine and dandy.
Not everything in this room is for sale.
Not everything in this world is measured in money.
Not everything is a matter of opinion.
Not everything is about money.
Not everything is about you.
Not everything is as it looks.
Not everything is black and white.
Not everything is good.
Not everything is lost.
Not everything is measured in money.
Not everything is more expensive.
Not everything is pleasant in life.
Not everything is politics, but politics is interested in everything.
Not everything is possible.
Not everything is rosy for the color-blind.
Not everything is so great in Algeria.
Not everything is so simple in Algeria.
Not everything is stated explicitly in this story.
Not everything is the fault of capitalism.
Not everything on the web can be found through Google.
Not everything should be based on money.
Not everything that Tom told me about Mary was true.
Not everything that can be done is worth the pain of doing it.
Not everything that you read on the Internet is true.
Not everything that you say in Lojban should be rational.
Not everything was fine.
Not everything with two cheeks is a face.
Not everything you lose is a loss.
Not everything you try works.
Not everything's about money.
Not exactly.
Not far away, screened by the forest, crouched Shiegra, the lioness, intent upon devouring the infant for her evening meal.
Not far from the house was a military hospital.
Not far from the road stood a weather-beaten old barn of reddish-grey brick and tile.
Not far from the village, a shell exploded.
Not far from there is a small spring.
Not far from us is a newly opened school.
Not far off a Jewish boy, a mere child, of one of the northern tribes, as shown by his fair hair and blue eyes, sang plaintively a song of the singing of birds and the humming of bees, of the flowers of the North, of rippling streams, of the miraged desert, of the waving of the tamarisk and the scent of roses.
Not far, with tears, the snowy tents he knew / of Rhesus, where Tydides, bathed in blood, / broke in at midnight with his murderous crew, / and drove the hot steeds campward, ere the food / of Trojan plains they browsed, or drank the Xanthian flood.
Not feelin' too great.
Not feeling well after a long drive, I slept for a while.
Not feeling well, I stayed home all day.
Not feeling well, I stayed home on that day.
Not finding words, we sat a long time in silence.
Not five minutes after he started running, he tripped on a rock.
Not for all the tea in China!
Not for drinking.
Not for eating do we live, but for living, we eat.
Not for life, but for school do we learn.
Not for me.
Not for nothing do they say "You can't teach an old dog new tricks."
Not for school, but for life do we learn.
Not for the faint-hearted!
Not freaking possible.
Not from the stars do I my judgement pluck.
Not from the stars do I my judgment pluck.
Not getting enough sleep can increase the risk of developing mental disorders.
Not getting vaccinated doesn't only affect you.
Not giving any answer is better than giving a bad answer.
Not going to do that at this point.
Not good enough.
Not half bad!
Not hardly. He eats like a goat.
Not having a telephone is an inconvenience.
Not having been to Tokyo for a long time, I often got lost.
Not having dealt with such a problem, they don't know what to do.
Not having dealt with such a problem, they don’t know what to do.
Not having eaten breakfast, I'm very hungry now.
Not having finished his work, the clerk couldn't go to the party.
Not having finished his work, the clerk couldn’t go to the party.
Not having got a reply, May wrote to Bill again.
Not having heard from him, I wrote to him again.
Not having passion for your work leads you to not putting in all your effort.
Not having received a reply, he wrote to her again.
Not having seen her before, I did not know her.
Not having seen him before, I'll not be able to recognize him.
Not having seen him before, I’ll not be able to recognize him.
Not having what one likes, one likes what one has.
Not here!
Not here.
Not him, someone else.
Not if I have anything to say about it.
Not in a million years!
Not in a million years.
Not in a thousand years!
Not in my back yard.
Not in my backyard.
Not in my garden.
Not in my office.
Not in my opinion.
Not in there.
Not infrequently, more happens in a day than in a year.
Not inspired.
Not inspired?
Not interested!
Not interested?
Not it's full.
Not just 'child's independence'. Parents must also become independent of their children.
Not just adults, but even children can buy cigarettes from vending machines.
Not just anybody can do that.
Not just anyone can do that.
Not just anyone would be willing to do something like that.
Not just anyone would be willing to work here.
Not just for the sake of the ecology, a natural living environment is necessary.
Not just me, but he also likes Esperanto.
Not just ’child’s independence’. Parents must also become independent of their children.
Not knowing anything is not your problem.
Not knowing her telephone number, I couldn't call her.
Not knowing her telephone number, I couldn’t call her.
Not knowing him, I asked my sister about his job.
Not knowing his address, she didn't write to him.
Not knowing his address, she didn’t write to him.
Not knowing how to answer, I kept silent.
Not knowing how to do it, I asked Tom for help.
Not knowing how to do it, Tom asked for some advice.
Not knowing that Nancy had left him, I put my foot in my mouth by asking Paul how she was.
Not knowing that Nancy had left him, I put my foot in my mouth when I asked Paul how she was.
Not knowing what answer to make, I kept silent.
Not knowing what to answer, I kept silent.
Not knowing what to do is the biggest problem.
Not knowing what to do, I asked Tom.
Not knowing what to do, I asked for help.
Not knowing what to do, I asked for her advice.
Not knowing what to do, I asked for his advice.
Not knowing what to do, I asked her for advice.
Not knowing what to do, I asked her for help.
Not knowing what to do, I asked him for advice.
Not knowing what to do, I asked him for help.
Not knowing what to do, I asked the teacher for advice.
Not knowing what to do, I called her.
Not knowing what to do, I called my mother for advice.
Not knowing what to do, I did nothing.
Not knowing what to do, I stood there silently.
Not knowing what to do, I telephoned the police.
Not knowing what to do, I was at a loss.
Not knowing what to do, Tom left the workplace.
Not knowing what to do, Tom left.
Not knowing what to do, he asked me for help.
Not knowing what to do, she remained silent.
Not knowing what to do, we telephoned the police.
Not knowing what to expect, Tom was caught off guard.
Not knowing what to say, I didn't say a word.
Not knowing what to say, I didn't say anything.
Not knowing what to say, I kept silent.
Not knowing what to say, I remained silent.
Not knowing what to say, Tom didn't say anything.
Not knowing what to say, Tom remained silent.
Not knowing what to say, he remained silent.
Not knowing what to say, she just smiled.
Not knowing what to say, she remained silent.
Not knowing what to see, I asked him for advice.
Not knowing when it will be your turn to die pushes you to hold on even more dearly to life.
Not knowing when your turn for death will be coming for you makes you cling onto life even more.
Not knowing where she was, she stopped and asked the way on the street.
Not knowing where to get off the bus, I asked the driver.
Not less than 10 people were arrested for being involved in the riot.
Not less than 40 percent of students go on to university.
Not less than fifty passengers were injured in the traffic accident.
Not like that, you make me come right away.
Not liking carrots, he didn't eat it.
Not liking carrots, he didn’t eat it.
Not long after I joined the queue, a man approached and asked if I wanted a taxi.
Not long after Tom left, Mary arrived.
Not long after achieving the rank of airman first class, she was discharged from the Air Force.
Not long after that, Octavia seemed to lose her zest for interaction.
Not long after, they broke up.
Not long after, we broke up.
Not long afterward, the Schwartzes immigrated to England, where they spent thirteen years before immigrating again, this time to the United States.
Not long ago I met an old friend.
Not long ago Mr. Marconi invented a telegraphic instrument based upon his discovery that the magnetic hysteresis of iron can be annulled by electric oscillations.
Not long ago we heard a father say in the presence of his large family, "I don't want any of my boys to be lawyers."
Not long ago we heard a father say in the presence of his large family, "I don’t want any of my boys to be lawyers."
Not long ago, Algeria was one of the richest countries in the region.
Not long ago, I found four poor children huddled in a wooden hut, slowly freezing to death.
Not long ago, when we were in a book store in Scotland, my wife asked the young clerk if he had a Gaelic version of a certain children's book.
Not long ago, you told me something completely different.
Not long before his wedding he decided not to get married.
Not long later, we happened to bump into each other again.
Not long later, we happened to meet again.
Not man but water is the reality of all things.
Not many Algerians have a problem with this.
Not many Canadians do that.
Not many boys were there.
Not many children around here can swim.
Not many children around here know how to swim.
Not many companies have an international freephone.
Not many comprehend it.
Not many customers come to this restaurant in the afternoon.
Not many dogs are this big.
Not many foreign tourists come to Algeria.
Not many girls were there.
Not many men live to as long as Tom did.
Not many men were there.
Not many of Tom's friends can swim.
Not many of my friends have two cars.
Not many of us can understand French.
Not many of us survived.
Not many people actually fall into the pit.
Not many people are able to do that.
Not many people are able to do this.
Not many people are talking about it.
Not many people around here speak French.
Not many people attended the lecture.
Not many people bought the book that Tom wrote.
Not many people came to the lecture.
Not many people came.
Not many people can afford to buy a car like that.
Not many people can do that.
Not many people can pull off this haircut.
Not many people did that.
Not many people do that any more.
Not many people do that anymore.
Not many people do that.
Not many people have perfect pitch.
Not many people here can speak French.
Not many people in this area can speak French.
Not many people know about him today.
Not many people know he wrote a concerto.
Not many people know he wrote a symphony.
Not many people know he wrote this piece.
Not many people know how to do that.
Not many people know how to do this.
Not many people know how to keep an affectionate relation with their relatives.
Not many people know their blood type.
Not many people know this.
Not many people know what we're really doing here inside.
Not many people like Tom.
Not many people like doing this.
Not many people like opera.
Not many people live in this area.
Not many people live in this village.
Not many people live to be 100 years old.
Not many people live to be a hundred.
Not many people own a horse.
Not many people participated.
Not many people really understand this.
Not many people say what they truly feel.
Not many people seem to like Tom.
Not many people speak Berber here.
Not many people understand them.
Not many people understand you.
Not many people use an abacus these days.
Not many people wanted to join our club.
Not many people wear a monocle.
Not many people were at the beach because it had been raining.
Not many people were there.
Not many people will come.
Not many people would agree with you.
Not many people would like to go back there.
Not many people would want to do that.
Not many people wrote about written literature in Kabyle.
Not many rich people are rich because of their own work.
Not many students attended the meeting.
Not many students can understand what he says.
Not many students passed the exam.
Not many survive this disease.
Not many survive this illness.
Not many things are more pathetic than an arrogant fool.
Not many tourists visit Algiers.
Not many visitors go there.
Not many want this situation.
Not many women participated.
Not many women understand her.
Not many women understand them.
Not many women understand you.
Not many young people like opera.
Not material, but spiritual things determine our life.
Not material, but spiritual things determine our live.
Not me, but I know someone who will.
Not me.
Not me. And you?
Not merely I but also he is invited to the party.
Not more than 40 percent of students go on university.
Not much football is played here.
Not much goes on in our boring town.
Not much has changed since then.
Not much has changed.
Not much is known about Pluto.
Not much is new, just the news—and it's terrible.
Not much later, she married again.
Not much money is required.
Not much of what Tom says is true.
Not much soccer is played there.
Not much time is required.
Not much time passed.
Not my circus, not my monkeys.
Not my cup of tea.
Not my problem.
Not needed at the moment, thank you.
Not now!
Not now, I am cooking.
Not now, honey.
Not now, my dear!
Not now, please wait a bit.
Not now, then when?
Not now; maybe later.
Not obeying Tom is a grave offence here.
Not on my desk!
Not on my watch!
Not on my watch.
Not once did he complain.
Not once did he hesitate.
Not once did she look at me.
Not once did they ask for help.
Not one friend came.
Not one individual has escaped our inquiries.
Not one individual has failed to seek you out.
Not one made the connection.
Not one of his pupils passed the exam.
Not one of the enemy will stay any longer.
Not one of the girl's teachers could account for her poor examination results.
Not one of the girl’s teachers could account for her poor examination results.
Not one of them is Brazilian.
Not one of them noticed anything.
Not one of them was there.
Not one of us is local.
Not one of us knows.
Not one person supports the plan.
Not one pupil went there yesterday.
Not one student came to class yesterday.
Not one student is here.
Not one student went there yesterday.
Not one was left alive.
Not one word about suicide.
Not one word of support as the boss tore into me!
Not one word of truth has he ever told me.
Not one word, understand?
Not only Bill but also Mac is crazy about computers.
Not only English is spoken here, but also Russian.
Not only Esperantists, but also supporters of Esperanto may participate in the Congress.
Not only I, but also you are responsible for this accident.
Not only Jim but his parents are sick.
Not only Orientals love metaphors and similes.
Not only Tom has to study, but I have to study, too.
Not only Tom, but his whole family is sick.
Not only are all humans related, if you go back far enough you'll find you're also related to your dog.
Not only are her thumbnails clickbait nowadays, her most recent video has a random jumpscare halfway through. I don't know if she's gaining anything from including that, but she sure is losing a loyal follower.
Not only are there good stores at the market, but there are good restaurants as well.
Not only are there more rich people, but there are more people who are doing fairly well, and all of them are willing to pay for these services, whether it's yoga instructors or dog walking or task running. And there are more people than ever in the lower third of the distribution that really need this sort of work.
Not only are they hurting themselves, but they're putting other innocent lives in danger.
Not only are they synonyms, they're basically the same word.
Not only are we all in the same boat, but we are all seasick.
Not only are you a whore, you're a liar!
Not only are you wrong, but I am wrong too.
Not only boys, but girls can do this, too.
Not only can he speak Mandarin, but Shanghainese as well.
Not only can she speak French, she can also speak English.
Not only can't I tell Tom, I can't even tell you.
Not only career-minded women have desire to work.
Not only cooks carry long knives.
Not only did I eat pilaf, but I also ate kebabs.
Not only did I eat pulao, but I also ate kebabs.
Not only did I forget to close the window, but I also forgot to sweep.
Not only did Tom break his leg, he got badly burned.
Not only did Trump not win in 2020, but he didn't even really win in 2016.
Not only did he come but he also offered to help me.
Not only did he donate a significant amount of money, but he also volunteered his time to help those in need.
Not only did he forget our anniversary, but he also didn't bother to apologize.
Not only did he give me advice, but also money.
Not only did he have a new business, but he also built his own company.
Not only did he not repair the camera, he also completely botched it.
Not only did he refuse to help me, but also he scolded me.
Not only did he teach school, but he wrote novels.
Not only did it need luck, but it required much work, time, endurance and acceptance of risk.
Not only did she excel academically, but she also demonstrated exceptional leadership skills throughout her school years.
Not only did the movie receive critical acclaim, but it also broke box office records.
Not only did the storm cause power outages, but it also disrupted the transportation system.
Not only did they ignore the protest, they also lied to the press.
Not only did they survive, but they thrived.
Not only did they win the championship, but they also set a new record in the process.
Not only did we go to Paris, but we also visited Rome.
Not only did we go to Paris, but we also went to Rome.
Not only did you not eat with me, you went to have dinner with another girl!
Not only do I make smart choices, but also I want to learn something new.
Not only do I not know what's going on, I wouldn't know what to do about it if I did.
Not only do I speak French, I also speak German.
Not only do I speak French, I can speak German, too.
Not only do I speak French, I speak German as well.
Not only do I speak French, I speak German, too.
Not only do Tom and Mary speak French, they also speak English.
Not only do women already earn 82 cents for every dollar a man makes, but they also pay more for personal products and services like razors, shampoo, haircuts and clothes.
Not only does Bob play the guitar, but also the flute.
Not only does Mary speak French, she also speaks English.
Not only does Tom not eat rice, he doesn't eat bread either.
Not only does Tom not smoke, he doesn't drink either.
Not only does Tom play the harmonica, he plays the guitar, too.
Not only does Tom speak French, he also speaks English.
Not only does Triton orbit Neptune in a direction opposite the other moons, but it is made of rock and ice. This is very different from Neptune's other moons.
Not only does a rock sink, but it drowns others as well.
Not only does he like music, he also likes sports.
Not only does he not study at all, but he spends each night slacking off, too!
Not only does he speak English well, but also French.
Not only does he speak English, but also German.
Not only does he speak French, he can also speak English.
Not only does she do house work, she is a teacher.
Not only does she keep house, but she also works as a school teacher.
Not only does she keep house, but she teaches at school.
Not only does she speak English, but also German.
Not only does she speak multiple languages fluently, but she also plays several musical instruments.
Not only fairy tales but also serious plays are performed at this puppet theatre.
Not only has Roger Federer only been bagelled once since turning 18, but he has never been tiebreak-bagelled, either. For someone with over a thousand tour matches, that's certainly a record.
Not only has eating with your fingers continued throughout the centuries, but some scholars believe that it may become popular again.
Not only he but I am wrong.
Not only he but also I am to go.
Not only he but also his sisters went to the movies.
Not only his son, but his daughter is also famous.
Not only his son, but his daughter is famous as well.
Not only in your thoughts, but also in your body!
Not only is Tom a good actor, he's also very good-looking.
Not only is Tom not coming, Mary isn't coming either.
Not only is Tom very smart, he's handsome, too.
Not only is Tursun a good coach, but he cooks for us as well.
Not only is he an exceptional chef, but he also has a knack for interior design.
Not only is it considered one of the most important works of art of the 20th century, but it has also become an authentic "20th century icon", a symbol of the terrible suffering that war inflicts on human beings.
Not only is my nose blocked, but my temperature is high.
Not only is sex a safe activity but it is also recommended against depression, and contrary to other physical activities, food or even video games, you can't have too much of it.
Not only is she not my wife, but I have never seen her before.
Not only is she strong, but also wise.
Not only is she talented, but she also has an incredible work ethic.
Not only is the book beautifully written, but it also offers profound insights into human nature.
Not only is the new smartphone sleek and stylish, but it also boasts impressive performance.
Not only is the universe expanding, but its expansion is speeding up.
Not only is there no God, but try getting a plumber on weekends.
Not only is this hat in style, but it's really warm as well.
Not only must we return to work, but we must again turn over control of our lives to some foreman or supervisor or executive vice-president.
Not only my daughter but some of her classmates say that they saw the criminal.
Not only my parents but also my sister is against my opinion.
Not only she but also her parents were invited to the party.
Not only she but also you are wrong.
Not only she is wrong, but you are as well.
Not only she, but her sons have been satisfied.
Not only should you vote, you have an obligation to do so.
Not only the balls; the bat was also stolen yesterday.
Not only the history is a lie but also the now.
Not only the student but their teacher is looking forward to holiday.
Not only the students but also their teacher wishes for holidays.
Not only the workers, but also their wives, sisters, mothers, and daughters older than four are being cruelly exploited.
Not only they but also I was scolded by the teacher.
Not only was Amanda beautiful, but also really smart.
Not only was Mary a star athlete, but she also had top grades.
Not only was Tom a good friend of the family, he has also become pretty much a father figure to Mary's kids.
Not only was Tom born nearly blind in one eye, but at his advanced age he can no longer see all that well out of the other one either.
Not only was Tom wrong, Mary was, too.
Not only was he a doctor, he was also a very famous novelist.
Not only was the wave a new women’s record, but the World Surf League says it was the biggest wave ridden by a man or woman in 2020.
Not only was their sheer amount stunning, but also the size of every individual one: magnificent pumpkins, as far as the eye could see.
Not only were there strong winds yesterday, but also it rained heavily.
Not only were we hungry, but we were also suffering from thirst.
Not only will children enjoy this movie, adults will, too.
Not only will they look at us again and admire us, they will take us as a positive example of a country that, thanks to its sense of community, has managed to win its battle against this pandemic.
Not only would I like a cup of Turkish tea, but I also would like a cup of Turkish coffee.
Not only you but I also was to blame.
Not only you but also I am in the wrong.
Not only you but also I was involved.
Not only you but also he is ignorant of the truth.
Not only you but also he is in the wrong.
Not only your father but also I am against your plan.
Not only was the meal cheap, it was delicious.
Not our problem.
Not playing office politics means that you lose by default.
Not quite two months after binging on Halloween candy, Americans will once again indulge in sweets over the Christmas holidays.
Not quite what I want.
Not quite, but that's okay.
Not quite.
Not really.
Not really. I like hiking better than fishing.
Not really. What's up?
Not really. What’s up?
Not really... It's got nothing to do with you.
Not recently.
Not right now.
Not seeing anything in the dark, we couldn't move farther.
Not seeing anything in the dark, we couldn't move.
Not seeing anything in the dark, we couldn’t move.
Not seeing them for a whole month makes me sad.
Not seeing you for a long period of time and being away from you for too long always causes me great unhappiness and always makes me feel extremely unhappy and sad.
Not serving in the Israeli army was the best decision Ziri has made in his life.
Not she but he.
Not sleeping for three days straight had left her puffy-eyed and wan.
Not so close!
Not so fast with the medicine! You have to be diagnosed first.
Not so fast!
Not so fast, Tom!
Not so fast, Ziri.
Not so fast, one thing at the time.
Not so fast, young lady!
Not so fast, young man!
Not so good.
Not so long ago, Algeria was the envy of many nations.
Not so loud! People are asleep!
Not so loud! People are sleeping.
Not so loud, you idiot!
Not so many Western Europeans converted to Islam.
Not so much pepper, please.
Not so much salt!
Not so quickly, children, I'm not so young anymore!
Not so well.
Not sure yet.
Not surprisingly, most Lojban contributors indicate no country in their profiles.
Not surprisingly, the yields of these crops are low and their potential unrealized.
Not talking about something doesn't make it any less the case.
Not that I dislike that job, but that I have no time to do it.
Not that I dislike the job, but that I am unfit for it.
Not that I dislike the work, but that I have no time.
Not that I have any objection.
Not that I know of.
Not that I like Tom, but I do think he's innocent.
Not that I like Tom, but I don't think he's to blame.
Not that he couldn't, but he's too lazy a man to do it.
Not that he couldn’t, but he’s too lazy a man to do it.
Not that it's not possible.
Not that it's unacceptable.
Not that much!
Not that shirt, the other one.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Not the feelings which Ravenswood had begun to entertain towards Lucy Ashton, not the hospitality due to his guests, were able entirely to subdue, though they warmly combated, the deep passions which arose within him at beholding his father's foe standing in the hall of the family of which he had in a great measure accelerated the ruin.
Not the one who is right is deemed right, but the one who has more rights.
Not the people, but the economy must be well!
Not the slightest protest.
Not thinking about a problem doesn't make it go away.
Not thinking before he speaks, he invariably proceeds to stick his foot in his mouth.
Not this shirt, the other one.
Not this time.
Not till then did I realize the danger of the situation.
Not to advance is to go back.
Not to ask is not to be denied.
Not to be rude, but didn't you say that last year?
Not to be taken lightly, local amusement parks. Couples, families, as far as can be seen people, people, people.
Not to brag, but I have a pretty high IQ.
Not to brag, but I just made my first billion dollars yesterday.
Not to brag, but I just made my first million dollars yesterday.
Not to brag, but I'm a pretty good athlete.
Not to brag, but I'm a really smart guy. Really. I took an IQ test once, and the results were off the charts.
Not to brag, but I'm pretty smart.
Not to downplay the situation, but could he be joking?
Not to get into your business, but aren't you a little obsessed with him lately?
Not to harp on the same string, I still insist that those who drink should never drive.
Not to mince matters, I don't want you to come to our party.
Not to mince matters, I don’t want you to come to our party.
Not to mince words, he got fired.
Not to talk smack on those from any other country, I'm just thankful for my own.
Not to worry though, right?
Not to worry, sir.
Not today!
Not today, CIA.
Not today, Satan.
Not today, but tomorrow.
Not today.
Not tomorrow, today!
Not tonight, I have a headache.
Not tonight.
Not tonight. I'm too tired.
Not too long ago, I wasn't able to play the guitar at all.
Not too many people knew about that.
Not too much happened.
Not too spicy.
Not too sweet.
Not too well.
Not true?
Not trying is failing.
Not under any conditions!
Not understanding what he said, I did not listen anymore.
Not unless my sister goes.
Not until I visited Australia did it become clear to me how small Japan is.
Not until after they had passed beyond the best work of the First Men in science and philosophy did the Second Men discover the remains of the great stone library in Siberia. A party of engineers happened upon it while they were preparing to sink a shaft for subterranean energy. The tablets were broken, disordered, weathered. Little by little, however, they were reconstructed and interpreted, with the aid of the pictorial dictionary. The finds were of extreme interest to the Second Men, but not in the manner which the Siberian party had intended, not as a store of scientific and philosophic truth, but as a vivid historical document. The view of the universe which the tablets recorded was both too naïve and too artificial; but the insight which they afforded into the mind of the earlier species was invaluable. So little of the old world had survived the volcanic epoch that the Second Men had failed hitherto to get a clear picture of their predecessors.
Not until almost two weeks had passed did John recover from his illness.
Not until dawn did the truth emerge.
Not until it was over did they understand.
Not until it was too late.
Not until late at night did he come home.
Not until later did they realize their mistake.
Not until the end of the nineteenth century, did plant breeding become a scientific discipline.
Not until the following morning did we see land.
Not until the last moment did they act.
Not until the last moment did they decide.
Not until the sun rises again.
Not until they had arrived home did they feel safe.
Not until this morning did I learn the truth.
Not until tomorrow afternoon.
Not until yesterday did I know about it.
Not until yesterday did I know of the event.
Not until yesterday did I know the truth.
Not very many boys were there.
Not very many children were in the room.
Not very many children were there.
Not very many of us can do that.
Not very many of us can speak French.
Not very many of us can understand French.
Not very many of us know how to do that.
Not very many of us know how to speak French.
Not very many people attended the meeting.
Not very many people bought the book I wrote.
Not very many people know how to do that.
Not very many people like Tom.
Not very many people participated.
Not very many people survive this disease.
Not very many students could answer the questions that the teacher asked.
Not very many students could answer the questions the teacher asked.
Not very many women were there.
Not very piquant.
Not very spicy.
Not wanting is as if you were already owning.
Not wanting is the same as having.
Not wanting to be late, I took a taxi.
Not wanting to boast but I’ve never got better than a 3 on my report card for home economics. Out of 10 that is.
Not wanting to hear Yuri's excuses, Martha left the room.
Not wanting to is the reason; not being able to is just an excuse.
Not wasting a second, Tobias dialled 911.
Not wearing a helmet is a bad idea.
Not what should be, but what is.
Not while I'm boss!
Not wise, believe me, to say "I will live": the life of tomorrow is always too late: Live for today.
Not without sorrow shalt thou twice speak words so dire.
Not words but action is needed now.
Not worrying about anything is the same as being dead, since worry is the movement of the soul, and life is movement.
Not worth the remembered value.
Not yet, I found it entertaining.
Not yet.
Not you again!
Not you again...
Not you, Tom. Another Tom.
Not you, too, Tom.
Notable Olympic athletes include Usain Bolt, Michael Phelps, and Simone Biles, who have set numerous records.
Notaries are involved in the drawing up of notarial deeds and sealed envelope deeds.
Note down what I'm going to say.
Note down what I’m going to say.
Note how I do it.
Note that German nouns are always written with a capital letter.
Note that Horus is not a human, but the name given to our duplicate-merging script.
Note that both fields may be case-sensitive.
Note that due to the nature of dynamic linking on Linux, plugins don’t have to actually link with the db.o object.
Note that the drawers are color-coded. Here's an explanation of what the colors mean.
Note that the impetus for change has undergone a series of transformations in this community.
Note that the maximum doesn't always exist.
Note that the maximum doesn’t always exist.
Note that there is no way to visit these pages through the normal user interface.
Note that this theorem does not assume the existence of such an object.
Note that unless you are a programmer, you will not be able to figure out how to install this.
Note that we work with a slight generalization of the original definition.
Note that you have an extra space between these two words.
Note the difference.
Note the function of the background layers of these graphic designs.
Note well.
Notebooks are on offer this week in the stationery shop.
Notebooks come in various shapes and colours, and with different kinds of paper.
Noted literary personalities gathered together last evening.
Noted.
Noted. Thank you.
Nothing I can compare with friendship; nothing that Gods give people is better. People either prefer money, or health body, or fame and glory, or pleasure - but these are too wrong because they are uncertain and come from fortune rather than wisdom. In fact, friendship comes from wisdom, love, beautiful character and courage; friendship isn't able to exist without courage. If you have no friends, you will have a tyrant's life; If you find a real friend, your life will be blessed.
Nothing I did helped.
Nothing I do brings me stimulation, so keeping up my motivation is really tough.
Nothing I do is appreciated.
Nothing I do lately seems to turn out right. I'm losing confidence in myself.
Nothing I do lately seems to turn out right. I’m losing confidence in myself.
Nothing I heard at the meeting made me change my mind.
Nothing I said mattered.
Nothing I try on looks good on me.
Nothing I try seems to work.
Nothing Mennad did mattered.
Nothing Mennad says matters.
Nothing Tom did hurt me.
Nothing Tom does surprises me any more.
Nothing Tom does surprises me anymore.
Nothing Tom said made any sense.
Nothing Tom said makes any sense.
Nothing Tom said was true.
Nothing Tom told you is true.
Nothing Yanni does is good enough.
Nothing a cup of tea and a restful sleep can't fix.
Nothing about us without us.
Nothing about us, without us!
Nothing acts as a better antidote for romance than young men and women doing geometry together at eight o'clock every morning.
Nothing acts as a better antidote for romance than young men and women doing geometry together at eight o’clock every morning.
Nothing adds up in the world.
Nothing alive can stand still, it goes forward or back. Life is interesting only as long as it is a process of growth; or, to put it another way, we can grow only as long as we are interested.
Nothing and no one can stop us now.
Nothing appears more surprising to those, who consider human affairs with a philosophical eye, than the easiness with which the many are governed by the few; and the implicit submission, with which men resign their own sentiments and passions to those of their rulers.
Nothing appears to be missing.
Nothing appears to have happened.
Nothing at all troubled Tom.
Nothing attacked Ziri.
Nothing bad ever happened so Tom made up stories.
Nothing bad ever happens to Tom.
Nothing bad ever happens.
Nothing bad ever seems to happen here.
Nothing bad happened to Tom.
Nothing bad happened.
Nothing bad has ever happened to me.
Nothing bad has happened yet.
Nothing bad is going to happen to you.
Nothing bad occurred afterwards.
Nothing bad resulted from it.
Nothing bad will happen.
Nothing bad's going to happen to me.
Nothing bad's going to happen to you.
Nothing bad's going to happen.
Nothing bars our way.
Nothing beats Yumi's smile.
Nothing beats a big glass of beer in summer.
Nothing beats a cold beer in the summer.
Nothing beats a good beer when it's hot out.
Nothing beats a good burger with fries.
Nothing beats a good laugh.
Nothing beats a good night's sleep.
Nothing beats a jelly filled donut.
Nothing beats coming home.
Nothing beats having a beer after getting out of the tub.
Nothing beats real friends.
Nothing beats snuggling with a cat.
Nothing beats that.
Nothing beats the pleasure of mutual understanding when using a foreign language.
Nothing beats the taste of freshly-baked bread.
Nothing belongs to nothing, everything belongs to all.
Nothing belongs to us, we are part of everything.
Nothing bizarre has ever happened here.
Nothing blew up!
Nothing bothers Tom.
Nothing bothers her.
Nothing bothers him.
Nothing bothers me anymore.
Nothing bothers me.
Nothing bothers them.
Nothing bothers us.
Nothing but God can save you.
Nothing but a full apology will satisfy Tom.
Nothing but a full apology would satisfy Tom.
Nothing but a full apology would satisfy him.
Nothing but a miracle can save her now.
Nothing but death can separate us.
Nothing but grass was to be seen in the prairie.
Nothing but junk mail in the letter box! It's going straight in the bin.
Nothing but lounging since daybreak.
Nothing but peace can save the world.
Nothing but silence followed.
Nothing but silence for one hundred years, and there he was.
Nothing but the truth sets one free.
Nothing but your love can save her now.
Nothing came from that.
Nothing came of it in the end.
Nothing came of it.
Nothing came out of the investigation.
Nothing came up.
Nothing can be better than that.
Nothing can be changed now.
Nothing can be changed.
Nothing can be done about it.
Nothing can be done about that.
Nothing can be done now.
Nothing can be done, except wait.
Nothing can be done.
Nothing can be explained.
Nothing can be gained without effort.
Nothing can be hidden from his inquisitive gaze.
Nothing can be hidden from me.
Nothing can be preserved that is not good.
Nothing can be produced out of nothing.
Nothing can be returned.
Nothing can be seen from here.
Nothing can be taken for granted.
Nothing can be worse than that.
Nothing can be worse than this.
Nothing can beat that.
Nothing can bother her.
Nothing can bother them.
Nothing can bring Tom back to life.
Nothing can bring her back to life.
Nothing can bring him back to life.
Nothing can bring me down.
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself.
Nothing can change that.
Nothing can change the look of a city so dramatically as the sudden appearance of a block of offices which towers above all the surrounding buildings.
Nothing can come of nothing.
Nothing can contribute more to peace of soul than the lack of any opinion whatsoever.
Nothing can deter me.
Nothing can distract her from her research.
Nothing can distract us.
Nothing can ever replace what we've lost.
Nothing can ever stagger her belief.
Nothing can excuse him for such rude behavior.
Nothing can excuse his rude behaviour.
Nothing can force me to give it up.
Nothing can go wrong now.
Nothing can go wrong.
Nothing can happen more beautiful than death.
Nothing can happen to you with Tom.
Nothing can happen to you.
Nothing can hurt you. You're untouchable.
Nothing can justify deception and manipulation.
Nothing can justify that.
Nothing can keep me from doing that.
Nothing can keep me from yearning for freedom.
Nothing can move him.
Nothing can move through space faster than light.
Nothing can prevent her from marrying him.
Nothing can prevent that from happening.
Nothing can quench your thirst faster than water.
Nothing can satiate my hunger.
Nothing can save the Governor-General.
Nothing can save them now.
Nothing can scare Ziri.
Nothing can spoil the fun.
Nothing can stand in my way now.
Nothing can stand in our way.
Nothing can stop Fadil from executing his murderous plan.
Nothing can stop Tom from doing that.
Nothing can stop Tom.
Nothing can stop Ziri.
Nothing can stop her.
Nothing can stop him.
Nothing can stop it.
Nothing can stop me from doing that.
Nothing can stop me now.
Nothing can stop me.
Nothing can stop motivated people.
Nothing can stop them.
Nothing can stop us from doing that.
Nothing can stop us now.
Nothing can stop us!
Nothing can stop us.
Nothing can stop you.
Nothing can surpass this.
Nothing can surprise me.
Nothing can survive in there.
Nothing can survive that.
Nothing can take a US American by surprise. It has often been said that the word "impossible" was not a French one. People have obviously looked in the wrong dictionary. In the United States, all is easy, all is simple and mechanical difficulties are overcome before they arise.
Nothing can take an American by surprise. It has often been said that the word "impossible" was not a French one. People have obviously looked in the wrong dictionary. In America, all is easy, all is simple and mechanical difficulties are overcome before they arise.
Nothing can take the place of an old friend.
Nothing can travel faster than the speed of light in a vacuum.
Nothing can truly represent me.
Nothing can't exist because if it did it would be something.
Nothing can’t exist because if it did it would be something.
Nothing caught the detective's eye in Fadil's house.
Nothing caused him to question his Muslim heritage.
Nothing changed my mind.
Nothing changed.
Nothing changes around here.
Nothing changes from beginning to end.
Nothing changes here.
Nothing changes if nothing changes.
Nothing changes in this country.
Nothing changes.
Nothing comes amiss to him.
Nothing comes easy for us.
Nothing comes easy.
Nothing comes for free in this world.
Nothing comes from nothing.
Nothing comes of nothing.
Nothing comes on a silver platter.
Nothing comes to mind.
Nothing compares to you.
Nothing confuses me.
Nothing costs as much as what one does in vain.
Nothing costs as much as what one gets for free.
Nothing costs more than free stuff.
Nothing costs more than free.
Nothing could be done about that.
Nothing could be done aside from hoping.
Nothing could be done, except wait.
Nothing could be further from the truth.
Nothing could be heard but the ticking of the clock.
Nothing could be more absurd.
Nothing could be more clear.
Nothing could be more frightening.
Nothing could be more fundamental.
Nothing could be more misguided.
Nothing could be more reasonable, on the face of it.
Nothing could be more useful than a copying machine.
Nothing could be seen.
Nothing could be worse than that.
Nothing could compete with that.
Nothing could disabuse them of that preposterous notion.
Nothing could exceed his energy when the working fit was upon him; but now and again a reaction would seize him, and for days on end he would lie upon the sofa in the sitting-room, hardly uttering a word or moving a muscle from morning to night.
Nothing could get inside Fyodor's tent.
Nothing could have been further from the truth.
Nothing could have changed that situation.
Nothing could have made Tom happier.
Nothing could have prepared Tom for what was about to happen.
Nothing could have prepared me for what was about to happen.
Nothing could have prepared the officers for what was recorded on that tape.
Nothing could have prepared them for this.
Nothing could have prepared us for what was about to happen.
Nothing could have stopped Alberto from stabbing Isabella.
Nothing could hinder Kate from using all her energy to polish her performances.
Nothing could induce him to change his mind.
Nothing could make me happier.
Nothing could make me leave.
Nothing could make me prouder.
Nothing could please me more.
Nothing could please us more.
Nothing could possibly go wrong.
Nothing could possibly make me happier.
Nothing could prepare Fadil for what happened next.
Nothing could reasonably justify the use of nuclear weapons against tens of thousands of innocent Japanese people in Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Nothing could stop her.
Nothing could stop him.
Nothing could stop me.
Nothing could stop them now.
Nothing could stop them.
Nothing could survive without water.
Nothing could sway his conviction.
Nothing could well resemble less a typical English street than the interminable avenue, rich in incongruities, through which our two travelers advanced—looking out on each side of them at the comfortable animation of the sidewalks, the high-colored, heterogeneous architecture, the huge white marble facades glittering in the strong, crude light, and bedizened with gilded lettering, the multifarious awnings, banners, and streamers, the extraordinary number of omnibuses, horsecars, and other democratic vehicles, the vendors of cooling fluids, the white trousers and big straw hats of the policemen, the tripping gait of the modish young persons on the pavement, the general brightness, newness, juvenility, both of people and things.
Nothing could've been further from the truth.
Nothing could've made Tom happier.
Nothing could've prepared Tom for what was about to happen.
Nothing crazy is going to happen.
Nothing daunts her.
Nothing decays, nothing tarnishes, or in any way disfigures or mars the universal purity or beauty of the place.
Nothing depends on you anymore.
Nothing disturbed the quiet.
Nothing disturbs her.
Nothing doing!
Nothing dramatic will happen.
Nothing dries more quickly than a tear.
Nothing else can go wrong.
Nothing else ever happened.
Nothing else happened before the police came.
Nothing else happened.
Nothing else has worked.
Nothing else is important right now.
Nothing else is important to Tom.
Nothing else is important.
Nothing else is left in the bunker.
Nothing else is working.
Nothing else makes sense.
Nothing else mattered at that moment.
Nothing else mattered to Tom.
Nothing else mattered to me.
Nothing else mattered.
Nothing else matters to me right now.
Nothing else matters to me.
Nothing else matters.
Nothing else really matters.
Nothing else remains to be done.
Nothing else seemed to matter.
Nothing else should matter.
Nothing else springs to mind.
Nothing else was taken.
Nothing else will fit in the trunk.
Nothing else will get done until Tom gets here.
Nothing else would be plausible.
Nothing endures but change.
Nothing escapes a black hole, not even light.
Nothing escapes him.
Nothing escapes my eye.
Nothing escapes us.
Nothing escapes you!
Nothing escapes you, does it!
Nothing escapes you, does it?
Nothing even made Ziri feel right.
Nothing ever changes around here.
Nothing ever changes.
Nothing ever changes. But why isn't anyone doing anything about it?
Nothing ever goes my way.
Nothing ever goes the way you want it to.
Nothing ever happens around here.
Nothing ever happens here.
Nothing ever happens in that old village.
Nothing ever happens in this old village.
Nothing ever happens.
Nothing ever makes him angry.
Nothing ever seems to change around here.
Nothing ever seems to happen around here.
Nothing ever stays the same for long.
Nothing except a battle lost can be half so melancholy as a battle won.
Nothing excites him any more.
Nothing exciting ever seems to happen around here.
Nothing exists forever.
Nothing exists in itself.
Nothing extraordinary happens in simple and ordinary ways.
Nothing extraordinary has ever happened to me.
Nothing extreme like that ever happened again.
Nothing feels better than going back to sleep a second time.
Nothing feels right.
Nothing felt real.
Nothing felt right in that moment.
Nothing felt right.
Nothing fits in here.
Nothing fixes a thing so intensely in the memory as the wish to forget it.
Nothing forces Tom to stay in Kabylia.
Nothing foretold troubles, but the keys suddenly slipped out of my hands.
Nothing from this booklet may be reproduced in any form without written permission from the author.
Nothing further you have to say, Mr. Holmes, before we go?
Nothing gave Elsa so much joy as the little pair of embroidered shoes that she held in her hand, for the girl had hitherto been forced to run about barefoot by her cruel stepmother.
Nothing gave Mennad joy.
Nothing gave her greater pleasure than to hear about the world of human beings up above.
Nothing gave her greater pleasure than to watch her son growing up.
Nothing gelled for our team today.
Nothing gets by me.
Nothing gets me to work like the decision to work.
Nothing gets past Tom.
Nothing gets past him.
Nothing gets past you!
Nothing gets past you, does it?
Nothing gets past you.
Nothing gives an artist as much strength as the knowledge that there is at least one person who loves deeply what he has created.
Nothing gives an artist as much strength as the knowledge that there is at least one person who views his creation with great love.
Nothing gives us so much pleasure as making things ourselves.
Nothing goes to waste.
Nothing gold can stay.
Nothing good came out of it.
Nothing good can come from anything Tom does.
Nothing good ever happens around here.
Nothing good happens after 2 a.m.
Nothing good happens in that area of the woods.
Nothing good in life lasts long.
Nothing good is going to happen here for a long time.
Nothing good was in store for us.
Nothing good will come of it.
Nothing good will come out of it.
Nothing good will come out of this.
Nothing got ruined.
Nothing great has been achieved by playing it safe.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Nothing grew there besides wild lavender.
Nothing grows here but weeds.
Nothing had moved.
Nothing had really changed.
Nothing happened after all.
Nothing happened after midnight.
Nothing happened after that.
Nothing happened apart from the fact that an unimportant letter arrived.
Nothing happened between us.
Nothing happened during the day.
Nothing happened during the night, thankfully.
Nothing happened except a bad headache, and a quarrel with her mother, who was ungratefully inclined to be sarcastic at her expense.
Nothing happened except that I obtained a tiny bit of information.
Nothing happened here.
Nothing happened in 2006.
Nothing happened in that house.
Nothing happened in there.
Nothing happened to Alberto legally.
Nothing happened to Fadil.
Nothing happened to Ivan's truck.
Nothing happened to Maria. She just forgot to call.
Nothing happened to Mary. She just forgot to call.
Nothing happened to Tom.
Nothing happened to her.
Nothing happened to him.
Nothing happened to me.
Nothing happened to them.
Nothing happened to us.
Nothing happened today that wasn't expected.
Nothing happened today.
Nothing happened!
Nothing happened, right?
Nothing happened.
Nothing happens around here after midnight.
Nothing happens by chance, in my opinion.
Nothing happens by chance.
Nothing happens by magic.
Nothing happens in a vacuum.
Nothing happens overnight.
Nothing happens randomly in your new acquaintances in life, there's a hidden reason behind every encounter you make in life.
Nothing happens to me.
Nothing happens unless it is preceded by a dream.
Nothing happens unless preceded by a dream.
Nothing happens unless you make it happen.
Nothing happens without God's knowledge.
Nothing happens without a cause.
Nothing has been burned yet.
Nothing has been confirmed yet.
Nothing has been decided yet.
Nothing has been decided.
Nothing has been done yet.
Nothing has been done.
Nothing has been finalized yet.
Nothing has been finalized.
Nothing has been forgotten.
Nothing has been heard from him since he left for America.
Nothing has been overlooked.
Nothing has been proven yet.
Nothing has been proven.
Nothing has been resolved yet.
Nothing has been resolved.
Nothing has been sold yet.
Nothing has been taken off the table.
Nothing has been thrown away yet.
Nothing has changed about Tom. He is the same idiot as he used to be in his youth.
Nothing has changed for generations.
Nothing has changed for two years.
Nothing has changed here in the last twenty years.
Nothing has changed here.
Nothing has changed in Algeria.
Nothing has changed in the last three years.
Nothing has changed since the beginning of humanity.
Nothing has changed since the dawn of humanity.
Nothing has changed since then.
Nothing has changed so far.
Nothing has changed.
Nothing has ever been easy for Yanni.
Nothing has gone right all day.
Nothing has happened so far.
Nothing has happened yet which is irreversible.
Nothing has happened.
Nothing has moved.
Nothing has no meaning.
Nothing has really changed.
Nothing has resulted from her prayer.
Nothing has resulted from his efforts.
Nothing has resulted from our efforts.
Nothing has to be done.
Nothing has to be the way it is just because it's always been like that.
Nothing has to happen until you're ready.
Nothing has to happen.
Nothing he said was irrational or wrong.
Nothing he says is worth listening to.
Nothing here belongs to Tom.
Nothing here changes.
Nothing here is left to chance.
Nothing here is mine.
Nothing hinders what you overcome.
Nothing hits as hard as life.
Nothing holds more interest than the dialog between two silent lovers.
Nothing horrible happened.
Nothing hurts like the truth.
Nothing hurts worse than stepping on a Lego while barefoot.
Nothing impresses me.
Nothing in America could possibly be blamed on open borders, because they haven't been tried in over a century.
Nothing in Animal Farm suggests the animals were wrong to want independence and freedom.
Nothing in Chinese cuisine has impressed me like Pu-Erh tea.
Nothing in excess.
Nothing in life is as important as friendship.
Nothing in life is easy.
Nothing in nature is immortal, but some clams can live centuries and a tiny freshwater creature called a hydra lives a very long time, at least until its pond dries up.
Nothing in nature is useless.
Nothing in the room matches with anything else.
Nothing in the world adds up.
Nothing in the world can part us.
Nothing in the world can separate us.
Nothing in the world gives people so much real pleasure as having a happy family.
Nothing in the world is absolutely perfect.
Nothing in the world is flawless and perfect.
Nothing in the world is shared as much as the intellect; everyone thinks they have enough of it.
Nothing in the world is stronger than the will to survive.
Nothing in the world is worth having or worth doing unless it means effort, pain, difficulty.
Nothing in this Declaration may be interpreted as implying for any State, group or person any right to engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms set forth herein.
Nothing in this world is harder than speaking the truth, nothing easier than flattery.
Nothing in this world is new.
Nothing in this world is so indispensable as love.
Nothing indicates that there's going to be anything done about it.
Nothing interesting ever happened in our town.
Nothing interesting ever happens around here.
Nothing interesting happened here last week.
Nothing interesting happens in Boston.
Nothing interesting happens in this small town.
Nothing interesting is going to happen.
Nothing interesting is happening.
Nothing interests me any more.
Nothing interests me anymore.
Nothing interests me.
Nothing interests us.
Nothing interests you.
Nothing is above Amazigh identity.
Nothing is achieved without effort.
Nothing is achieved without struggle.
Nothing is amiss.
Nothing is an accident.
Nothing is apparent.
Nothing is arranged.
Nothing is as bad as we fear, or as good as we hope.
Nothing is as beloved as what one does in vain.
Nothing is as beloved as what one gets for free.
Nothing is as close to stupidity as the mind without reason.
Nothing is as constant as change!
Nothing is as dangerous to you as flattery. You know that she's lying and yet you believe her.
Nothing is as difficult as becoming a person.
Nothing is as difficult as coming up with a simple explanation for something difficult.
Nothing is as difficult as explaining something difficult in a simple manner.
Nothing is as easy as it looks.
Nothing is as easy as to criticize others.
Nothing is as expensive as what one does in vain.
Nothing is as expensive as what one gets for free.
Nothing is as frightening as an earthquake.
Nothing is as great as maternal love.
Nothing is as hard as a diamond.
Nothing is as horrible as an earthquake.
Nothing is as important as compassion.
Nothing is as important as peace.
Nothing is as it once was.
Nothing is as it seems.
Nothing is as it used to be.
Nothing is as pleasant as a walk in the morning.
Nothing is as precious as friendship.
Nothing is as precious as love.
Nothing is as simple as it seems.
Nothing is as terrible as an earthquake.
Nothing is as terrible as losing someone you love in the world.
Nothing is as useful as a photocopier.
Nothing is beautiful but the truth.
Nothing is being thrown away.
Nothing is better than happiness in life.
Nothing is better than health.
Nothing is better than ice cream in the summer.
Nothing is better than proving people wrong.
Nothing is better than staring at the night sky.
Nothing is better than this.
Nothing is beyond your power.
Nothing is bothering me.
Nothing is certain but death and taxes.
Nothing is clear in there.
Nothing is close to being done.
Nothing is coincidental.
Nothing is coming back.
Nothing is coming here.
Nothing is comparable to God.
Nothing is darker than a black hole.
Nothing is decided yet.
Nothing is difficult for me.
Nothing is done until it's completed.
Nothing is done until it's done.
Nothing is easier than finding fault with others.
Nothing is easy with you, is it?
Nothing is easy, but everything is possible.
Nothing is ever closed, except in your own eyes.
Nothing is ever done here without dispute.
Nothing is ever easy.
Nothing is ever enough for you, is it?
Nothing is ever enough for you.
Nothing is ever really safe when there's a cat in the house.
Nothing is ever right.
Nothing is ever secure.
Nothing is ever their fault, is it?
Nothing is ever your fault, is it?
Nothing is exempt from Murphy's Law.
Nothing is faster than time.
Nothing is final yet.
Nothing is fixed.
Nothing is foolproof to a talented fool.
Nothing is forever.
Nothing is forgiven.
Nothing is free in this world.
Nothing is free on this discount airline.
Nothing is free.
Nothing is gained in strength nor precision by this kind of pleonasm.
Nothing is given for free.
Nothing is given to mortals without effort.
Nothing is going his way.
Nothing is going on and nobody knows what it is.
Nothing is going on.
Nothing is going to be nearly as bad as that.
Nothing is going to distract Yanni from Skura.
Nothing is going to happen overnight.
Nothing is going to happen to you.
Nothing is going to happen.
Nothing is going to keep Tom from doing that.
Nothing is going to keep me from doing that.
Nothing is going to move the needle for them.
Nothing is going to stop me from doing that.
Nothing is going to work out for Ziri.
Nothing is gonna happen overnight.
Nothing is gonna work out for Ziri.
Nothing is good enough for Tom.
Nothing is good enough for you.
Nothing is good.
Nothing is happening.
Nothing is heard about him.
Nothing is here.
Nothing is hidden anymore.
Nothing is holy.
Nothing is hurting me.
Nothing is impossible for God.
Nothing is impossible for a god.
Nothing is impossible for me.
Nothing is impossible for the gods.
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn’t have to do it himself.
Nothing is impossible for those who wake up early.
Nothing is impossible to a willing heart.
Nothing is impossible with determination.
Nothing is impossible, unless you can't do it.
Nothing is impossible.
Nothing is infinite.
Nothing is irretrievable.
Nothing is known for sure.
Nothing is left so vividly in our mind as the impressions we received in our younger days.
Nothing is left to chance.
Nothing is like it used to be.
Nothing is likely to be more effective than this.
Nothing is lost for asking.
Nothing is lost, nothing is created, everything is transformed.
Nothing is lost.
Nothing is manifesting.
Nothing is missing.
Nothing is more boring than traveling long distances by car.
Nothing is more certain than death, and nothing more uncertain than its hour.
Nothing is more certain than death.
Nothing is more comforting than kindness offered to us while traveling.
Nothing is more contemptible than respect based on fear.
Nothing is more contemptible than respect that is based on fear.
Nothing is more dangerous to reason than the flights of the imagination, and nothing has been the occasion of more mistakes among philosophers.
Nothing is more delightful for me than to talk with him.
Nothing is more delightful to me than travelling.
Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear.
Nothing is more difficult and requires more strength of character than to find oneself in open opposition to one's time and to say: No!
Nothing is more difficult than having something and then losing it.
Nothing is more difficult to a noble person than a rich banquet, especially when the prime seats are taken by idiots.
Nothing is more disappointing than to lose in the finals.
Nothing is more disgraceful.
Nothing is more expensive than what you get for free.
Nothing is more important in life than health.
Nothing is more important than compassion.
Nothing is more important than empathy.
Nothing is more important than friendship.
Nothing is more important than health.
Nothing is more important than rest.
Nothing is more important than sincerity.
Nothing is more important than the safety, health and security of our citizens.
Nothing is more important than this: to know yourself.
Nothing is more important than time.
Nothing is more important than your friends are.
Nothing is more important to me than sleep.
Nothing is more important to me than you.
Nothing is more like a madman than a drunk.
Nothing is more nefarious than hopelessness.
Nothing is more paralyzing than the fear of changes.
Nothing is more permanent than a temporary fix.
Nothing is more permanent than a temporary solution.
Nothing is more pleasant for me than talking with you.
Nothing is more pleasant than taking a rest after hard work.
Nothing is more pleasant than to take a walk on a fine spring day.
Nothing is more pleasant than traveling.
Nothing is more pomo than chan culture.
Nothing is more precious in this world than the feeling of being wanted.
Nothing is more precious than time.
Nothing is more precious to her than the brooch.
Nothing is more refreshing than the smell of coffee in the morning.
Nothing is more repulsive at a wedding than a priest with an erection.
Nothing is more sad than stupidity and apathy.
Nothing is more unhealthy than being sick.
Nothing is more valuable than friendship.
Nothing is more valuable than good health.
Nothing is more valuable than health.
Nothing is more valuable than love.
Nothing is more valuable than time, but nothing is less valued.
Nothing is more valuable than time.
Nothing is more vivid than a picture.
Nothing is more wretched than a man who traverses everything in a round, and pries into the things beneath the earth, as the poet says, and seeks by conjecture what is in the minds of his neighbours, without perceiving that it is sufficient to attend to the demon within him, and to reverence it sincerely.
Nothing is neutral.
Nothing is new under the sun.
Nothing is nicer than going for a walk on a fine spring day.
Nothing is obvious.
Nothing is on the same level as God.
Nothing is original. Steal from anywhere that resonates with inspiration or fuels your imagination. Devour old films, new films, music, books, paintings, photographs, poems, dreams, random conversations, architecture, bridges, street signs, trees, clouds, bodies of water, light and shadows. Select only things to steal from that speak directly to your soul. If you do this, your work, and theft, will be authentic. Authenticity is invaluable, originality is non-existent. And don't bother concealing your thievery—celebrate it if you feel like it. In any case, remember what Jean-Luc Godard said: "It's not where you take things from—it's where you take them to."
Nothing is over yet.
Nothing is perfect.
Nothing is permanent in this wicked world - not even our troubles.
Nothing is permanent.
Nothing is planned yet.
Nothing is planned.
Nothing is pleasant in life.
Nothing is quite like shooing a skunk away from the instrument shelter or hiking up the mountain around 11 p.m. and going very carefully when you hear the rattle snakes doing their thing.
Nothing is real.
Nothing is really easy.
Nothing is really guaranteed.
Nothing is routine.
Nothing is self-evident.
Nothing is self-explanatory.
Nothing is selling.
Nothing is set in stone.
Nothing is similar to it.
Nothing is simple, but everything is possible.
Nothing is so appealing as the innocent face of a sleeping baby.
Nothing is so difficult that it cannot be studied.
Nothing is so difficult that it cannot be studiously investigated.
Nothing is so fatal to religion as indifference.
Nothing is so perfectly amusing as a total change of ideas.
Nothing is so pleasant as going on a picnic on a fine day.
Nothing is so pleasant as taking a walk along the seaside on a fine day.
Nothing is so pleasant as traveling alone.
Nothing is so pleasant as traveling by air.
Nothing is so pleasant as travelling alone.
Nothing is so precious as health.
Nothing is so precious as time.
Nothing is so tasty as the dish you make.
Nothing is so terrible as an earthquake.
Nothing is so valuable as friendship.
Nothing is strange.
Nothing is swifter than rumour.
Nothing is swifter than scandal.
Nothing is taught correctly without an example.
Nothing is the matter with me.
Nothing is the matter with the car. It's just that you are a bad driver.
Nothing is the matter with the car. It's just that you're a bad driver.
Nothing is the matter with the car. It’s just that you are a bad driver.
Nothing is the same as it used to be.
Nothing is the same.
Nothing is the way it used to be.
Nothing is to be compared to its beauty.
Nothing is to be seen but water.
Nothing is too good for Tom, so nothing is what he's going to get.
Nothing is too hard for an engineer.
Nothing is troublesome that one does willingly.
Nothing is troublesome that we do willingly.
Nothing is true except what isn't said.
Nothing is true, everything is permitted.
Nothing is true.
Nothing is truly original.
Nothing is truth.
Nothing is unbreakable.
Nothing is useful to anything.
Nothing is visible at night.
Nothing is visible from here.
Nothing is visible in the twilight.
Nothing is wasted here.
Nothing is what it seems.
Nothing is without risk.
Nothing is working.
Nothing is worrying me.
Nothing is worse than telemarketing.
Nothing is worse than war.
Nothing is worse than working for a power-hungry boss.
Nothing is worth more than love.
Nothing is written on the helicopter.
Nothing is wrong at all!
Nothing is wrong at all.
Nothing is wrong with Tom.
Nothing is wrong with Ziri.
Nothing is wrong with me.
Nothing is wrong with my marriage; it's fine.
Nothing is wrong with this engine.
Nothing is wrong with you.
Nothing is wrong with you. It's not your fault.
Nothing is wrong.
Nothing is yellower than yellow itself.
Nothing justified the killing of so many civilians with nuclear weapons in Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Nothing justifies his tragic fate.
Nothing justifies their existence.
Nothing keeps a man as spry as a young woman and old enemies.
Nothing keeps me here anymore.
Nothing knows.
Nothing lasts for long.
Nothing lasts forever in life.
Nothing lasts forever, not for a long time, anyone can find an excuse to go ahead.
Nothing lasts forever.
Nothing lasts forever. The coffee gets cold. The smoke clears. The time passes and the people change.
Nothing lasts, but you shouldn't let that discourage you.
Nothing lasts, but you shouldn't let that get you down.
Nothing left for her.
Nothing left for him.
Nothing left there.
Nothing less coming from you, Ikeda-san. You're great at what you do.
Nothing like that could happen again.
Nothing like that could happen.
Nothing like that ever happened between us.
Nothing like that ever happened here.
Nothing like that had ever happened to Mary before.
Nothing like that had ever happened to Tom before.
Nothing like that had ever happened to her before.
Nothing like that had ever happened to him before.
Nothing like that happened.
Nothing like that has ever happened to me.
Nothing like that has happened ever since.
Nothing like that is real.
Nothing like that is true.
Nothing like that will ever happen again.
Nothing like that will happen again.
Nothing like that would have happened on my watch.
Nothing like the natural.
Nothing like this ever happened before you started working here.
Nothing like this has ever happened before.
Nothing like this has ever happened to me before.
Nothing like this has ever happened to me.
Nothing like this has happened before in Germany.
Nothing like this has happened before.
Nothing links hearts together but the sweetness of crying together.
Nothing looks familiar.
Nothing made sense.
Nothing make me happier than making you happy.
Nothing makes Tom happy.
Nothing makes any difference.
Nothing makes any sense.
Nothing makes me happier than being with you.
Nothing makes me happier than eating good food.
Nothing makes me happier than seeing you happy.
Nothing makes me happier than seeing you smile.
Nothing makes me happier than seeing your smile.
Nothing makes me more productive than the last minute.
Nothing makes me sadder than to see a baby being taken away from her mother.
Nothing makes one old so quickly as the ever-present thought that one is growing older.
Nothing makes sense anymore.
Nothing makes sense.
Nothing makes us age faster than the thought that we're ageing fast.
Nothing makes us age more quickly than the thought that we're ageing quickly.
Nothing makes us age quicker than the thought that we're ageing quickly.
Nothing makes us angrier than the fear that some pleasure is being enjoyed by others but forever denied to us.
Nothing makes us greater than a great suffering.
Nothing makes you lose your dignity more than falling in love.
Nothing matters more to me than respect.
Nothing matters to me as much as sleep.
Nothing matters.
Nothing more could be done.
Nothing more could have been done.
Nothing more could've been done.
Nothing more is known of them until Mr. Drebber's body was, as recorded, discovered in an empty house in the Brixton Road, many miles from Euston. How he came there, or how he met his fate, are questions which are still involved in mystery.
Nothing more is needed.
Nothing more, thanks.
Nothing more.
Nothing moved.
Nothing much has changed since then.
Nothing much has changed.
Nothing much is happening yet.
Nothing much is happening.
Nothing much really frightens me.
Nothing much to report.
Nothing much to say about that.
Nothing much to say.
Nothing much!
Nothing much.
Nothing must be done hastily but killing fleas.
Nothing mysterious about this case.
Nothing needs to be changed.
Nothing new has happened.
Nothing new on the Western Front.
Nothing new under the sky.
Nothing new under the sun.
Nothing new.
Nothing of consequence happened.
Nothing of major concern has been discovered. Speaking with reporters, Flight Director Tony Ceccacci said the images do show a white splotchy area on Discovery's right wing. But Ceccacci noted that he and other inspectors spotted the discoloration nearly three weeks earlier — and concluded it was most likely the result of bird droppings.
Nothing of the sort happened.
Nothing of the sort is true.
Nothing of this sort has happened.
Nothing of what Tom said makes any sense.
Nothing offends people more than broken promises.
Nothing offends people worse than broken promises.
Nothing on the menu costs more than thirty dollars.
Nothing ordinary happens to you.
Nothing out of the ordinary ever happened.
Nothing out of the ordinary happened on our trip.
Nothing out of the ordinary happened that day.
Nothing out of the ordinary happened today.
Nothing out of the ordinary happened.
Nothing out of the ordinary has happened.
Nothing personal, just business.
Nothing phases you.
Nothing pleases him more than seeing his relatives gathered around the table.
Nothing prepared them for this.
Nothing prevents, when one has a wife, to have a mistress at the same time.
Nothing protects us so thoroughly from illusions as a look in the mirror every morning.
Nothing provides more peace of mind than a firm decision.
Nothing really changed.
Nothing really gets me excited these days for some reason.
Nothing really happened the first five days.
Nothing really happened.
Nothing really matters.
Nothing really stands out.
Nothing really worked.
Nothing refreshes our heart so much as when a foolishness is avoided.
Nothing remained in the refrigerator.
Nothing remained in the room except an old table and an old chair.
Nothing remained in the room other than an old table and an old chair.
Nothing remained of the sugarcane plantation.
Nothing remained there.
Nothing remains but to die.
Nothing remains of it, not even the feet.
Nothing remains of the Ziri plantation.
Nothing replaced his love.
Nothing rivals his racehorse etching.
Nothing satisfies him.
Nothing satisfies me more than making the person I love happy.
Nothing scares Tom.
Nothing scares her.
Nothing scares him.
Nothing scares me anymore.
Nothing scares me.
Nothing scares them.
Nothing scares us.
Nothing scares you, does it?
Nothing screams "company culture" like gathering everyone for an evening of forced, mandatory fun.
Nothing seek, nothing find.
Nothing seemed out of the ordinary.
Nothing seemed real anymore.
Nothing seemed to be missing from Tobias's apartment.
Nothing seemed to be working.
Nothing seemed to go right.
Nothing seemed to work the way it should.
Nothing seemed to work.
Nothing seems more certain than death.
Nothing seems real.
Nothing seems right.
Nothing seems so tender to me as an old couple walking down the street holding hands.
Nothing seems to be missing.
Nothing seems to bother Tom.
Nothing seems to change.
Nothing seems to grow in this soil.
Nothing seems to happen around here except on weekends.
Nothing seems to happen around here.
Nothing seems to have happened.
Nothing seems to make sense any more.
Nothing seems to make sense anymore.
Nothing seems to rattle Tom.
Nothing seems to scare you.
Nothing seems to work the way it should be working.
Nothing seems to work.
Nothing separates a pair joined by fate.
Nothing serious happened to Sami.
Nothing serious happened to Tom.
Nothing should be dismissed too soon as nonsense – it could turn out to be a stroke of genius.
Nothing should be moved.
Nothing should be touched.
Nothing should prevent divorce.
Nothing should stand in your way of what you are trying to accomplish.
Nothing significant was found.
Nothing sinister has turned up in clinical trials so far, but there are still unknowns.
Nothing someone says before the word "but" really counts.
Nothing special happened today.
Nothing special happened.
Nothing special is going on here tonight.
Nothing special is going on.
Nothing special is going to happen here today.
Nothing special is planned.
Nothing special.
Nothing spreads so fast as a rumour.
Nothing springs to mind. Have you got any ideas?
Nothing stands in the way.
Nothing starts with an N and ends with a G.
Nothing stays secret in a village.
Nothing stays the same.
Nothing stays the way it was.
Nothing stopped.
Nothing strange happened.
Nothing succeeds like success.
Nothing surpasses love.
Nothing surprises me anymore.
Nothing surprises me.
Nothing suspicious came up during the investigation.
Nothing tastes as good and as tasty as a frozen Snickers chocolate bar.
Nothing tastes as good as the food that you make.
Nothing tastes better than a hot jacket potato with butter.
Nothing tastes better than the maraschino cherry.
Nothing teaches more than teaching.
Nothing that I have seen so far inclines me to change my mind in the slightest.
Nothing that Tom and Mary do surprises me anymore.
Nothing that Tom does surprises me anymore.
Nothing that Tom said made any sense.
Nothing that Tom said was true.
Nothing that comes out of his mouth is worth listening to.
Nothing that was said could convince him.
Nothing that we asked Tom to do will be difficult for him to do.
Nothing that we asked Tom to do will be easy for him to do.
Nothing that we asked Tom to do will be hard for him to do.
Nothing that we have to do today will be easy.
Nothing that's happened here makes any sense.
Nothing to add!
Nothing to do with you.
Nothing to report.
Nothing to see here, folks. Move along.
Nothing too major happened.
Nothing transpired between us.
Nothing turned out the way Tom planned.
Nothing unexpected happened today.
Nothing unexpected happened.
Nothing unites them.
Nothing unusual happened during our trip.
Nothing unusual happened in that house.
Nothing unusual seems to happen around here.
Nothing unusual was found.
Nothing valuable can be lost by taking time.
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
Nothing vexed her more than his selfishness.
Nothing warms my heart as much as an elderly couple walking down the street hand in hand.
Nothing was as I imagined it.
Nothing was caught on the cameras.
Nothing was caught on the surveillance camera.
Nothing was certain anymore.
Nothing was changed.
Nothing was created by itself.
Nothing was decided at the meeting.
Nothing was decided at yesterday's meeting.
Nothing was done.
Nothing was found at this location.
Nothing was found during the search.
Nothing was found in the jewel case.
Nothing was found.
Nothing was funny.
Nothing was further from my mind.
Nothing was futile.
Nothing was given to me.
Nothing was happening between us.
Nothing was happening to him.
Nothing was how I imagined it.
Nothing was in the jewel case.
Nothing was in the room.
Nothing was in vain.
Nothing was left to chance.
Nothing was missing.
Nothing was more frequent than for a bailiff to seize Jack by the shoulders, and cry, "Mr. Peter, you are the king's prisoner."
Nothing was moving.
Nothing was out of place.
Nothing was planted in their field.
Nothing was really done about it.
Nothing was said concerning the matter.
Nothing was stolen from Ziri's campsite.
Nothing was stolen.
Nothing was taken.
Nothing was the way I had imagined it.
Nothing was then heard but a confused sound of voices saying:— "Ha! how beautiful she is! Ha! how beautiful she is!"
Nothing was to be heard except the sound of the waves.
Nothing was to be seen but the blue sky.
Nothing was to be seen but water.
Nothing was touched.
Nothing was very specific.
Nothing was working.
Nothing was written on the lid.
Nothing was wrong.
Nothing we asked Tom to do will be difficult for him to do.
Nothing we asked Tom to do will be easy for him to do.
Nothing we asked Tom to do will be hard for him to do.
Nothing we could have done would've prevented this from happening.
Nothing we could've done would have prevented this from happening.
Nothing we could've done would've prevented this from happening.
Nothing we do matters.
Nothing we do seems to matter.
Nothing we have done today has gone according to plan.
Nothing we have to do today will be easy.
Nothing we see or think is real.
Nothing weird happened after that.
Nothing weird happened to Mennad.
Nothing went well.
Nothing went wrong technically.
Nothing went wrong.
Nothing whatever is known of him.
Nothing will be available for some time.
Nothing will be built here.
Nothing will be gained by getting angry.
Nothing will be hidden forever.
Nothing will be the same.
Nothing will catch you, because that horse runs faster than the wind.
Nothing will change for the better under their reign.
Nothing will change here.
Nothing will change in Algeria.
Nothing will change that.
Nothing will change.
Nothing will come between us.
Nothing will come easy.
Nothing will come of his plans.
Nothing will come of it.
Nothing will come of nothing.
Nothing will convince my father.
Nothing will determine our success as a nation in the 21st century more than how well we educate our kids.
Nothing will distract us.
Nothing will ever be the same again.
Nothing will ever be the same.
Nothing will ever change here.
Nothing will ever change that.
Nothing will ever change.
Nothing will ever separate us again.
Nothing will excuse such an act.
Nothing will happen to Tom.
Nothing will happen to her.
Nothing will happen to him.
Nothing will happen to me.
Nothing will happen to them.
Nothing will happen to us.
Nothing will happen to you as long as you're with me.
Nothing will happen to you, Tom.
Nothing will happen to you.
Nothing will happen until 2.30.
Nothing will happen until 2:30.
Nothing will happen until half past two.
Nothing will happen until half two.
Nothing will happen until two thirty.
Nothing will happen.
Nothing will help me.
Nothing will help.
Nothing will hinder her study.
Nothing will hinder my malicious plan.
Nothing will keep Tom from doing that.
Nothing will make me change my mind.
Nothing will make up for his past mistakes.
Nothing will persuade me otherwise.
Nothing will remain hidden, Tom.
Nothing will save this watch now, it's better to throw it away.
Nothing will silence us.
Nothing will stand in our way.
Nothing will stop Algeria's economic reforms.
Nothing will stop him.
Nothing will stop his going.
Nothing will stop me from getting that candy.
Nothing will stop us from doing that.
Nothing will stop us from trying.
Nothing will stop us now.
Nothing will stop us this time.
Nothing will stop us.
Nothing will take me away from you.
Nothing worked as planned.
Nothing worked for very long.
Nothing works by magic.
Nothing works here.
Nothing works in my life.
Nothing works in our country.
Nothing works on it.
Nothing works.
Nothing worth doing is easy.
Nothing worth having comes easy.
Nothing worth having in life ever comes easy.
Nothing would escape a Chinese bombardment in Taiwan.
Nothing would exist without God.
Nothing would exist without a creator.
Nothing would give me greater pleasure.
Nothing would give me more pleasure.
Nothing would have made me happier.
Nothing would make him angry.
Nothing would make me happier than to see you happy.
Nothing would make me happier.
Nothing would persuade Tom.
Nothing would persuade him.
Nothing would please him but I must do it myself.
Nothing would please me more.
Nothing would scare Robert away.
Nothing would stop the baby from crying.
Nothing would tempt me to deceive Tom.
Nothing would tempt me to deceive him.
Nothing would've made me happier.
Nothing you can be is more terrible than what I am.
Nothing you can say will change my mind.
Nothing you can say will change that.
Nothing you did caused the accident.
Nothing you do will keep me from doing that.
Nothing you say will convince me.
Nothing you say would make me change my mind.
Nothing!
Nothing'll happen.
Nothing's as important as peace.
Nothing's been changed.
Nothing's been done.
Nothing's been touched.
Nothing's better than a slice of grandma's apple pie.
Nothing's broken.
Nothing's certain when it comes to him.
Nothing's changed since then.
Nothing's changed yet.
Nothing's changed.
Nothing's done until it's done.
Nothing's easy.
Nothing's ever going to change.
Nothing's forcing you to stay.
Nothing's free.
Nothing's going my way today.
Nothing's going on here.
Nothing's going on.
Nothing's going to change my love for you.
Nothing's going to change.
Nothing's going to go wrong.
Nothing's going to happen to Tom.
Nothing's going to happen to me.
Nothing's going to happen to you if you do as you're told.
Nothing's going to happen to you.
Nothing's going to happen tonight.
Nothing's going to happen.
Nothing's gonna change my world.
Nothing's good enough for Tom.
Nothing's good enough for her.
Nothing's good enough for him.
Nothing's good enough for me.
Nothing's good enough for them.
Nothing's good enough for us.
Nothing's good enough for you.
Nothing's happened yet, but I'm sure it will.
Nothing's happened yet.
Nothing's happening down there.
Nothing's happening here.
Nothing's happening in the street.
Nothing's happening right now.
Nothing's happening right.
Nothing's happening.
Nothing's holding me back now.
Nothing's impossible for God.
Nothing's in season.
Nothing's keeping me here anymore.
Nothing's missing.
Nothing's more annoying than hanging out with hets.
Nothing's more playful than a young cat, nor more grave than an old one.
Nothing's moving.
Nothing's on TV.
Nothing's on television.
Nothing's out of order.
Nothing's perfect.
Nothing's preventing you from leaving.
Nothing's really changed.
Nothing's sacred.
Nothing's the matter with me.
Nothing's the matter.
Nothing's the same.
Nothing's there.
Nothing's visible from here.
Nothing's working out for me today.
Nothing's working.
Nothing's worse than having all the time in the world and no one to spend it with.
Nothing's wrong as far as I can tell.
Nothing's wrong with Tom.
Nothing's wrong with doing it that way.
Nothing's wrong with her.
Nothing's wrong with him.
Nothing's wrong with me.
Nothing's wrong with my French.
Nothing's wrong with the car. You just suck at driving.
Nothing's wrong with the engine, but my car won't move.
Nothing's wrong with the old one.
Nothing's wrong with them.
Nothing's wrong with us.
Nothing's wrong with you.
Nothing's wrong.
Nothing, I'm not eating anything right now.
Nothing, but death, can tear us apart.
Nothing, don't worry about it.
Nothing, it seems, can stop it.
Nothing, it seems, can stop that from happening.
Nothing’s gonna change my world.
Nothing’s impossible for God.
Nothing’s wrong with the engine, but my car won’t move.
Nothing’s wrong. Go back to sleep.
Notice anything different about me?
Notice anything different?
Notice changes in odor and respond promptly.
Notice how I play this game.
Notice how Tom does it.
Notice how Tom does that.
Notice how many people are absent today.
Notice how the artist always included a small blond girl in a pink dress in all his paintings. That was his daughter Mary who died at the young age of three, you see.
Notice how the hero in an action flick never seems to run out of ammo?
Notice how the player uses his elbows.
Notice that.
Notice the addendum to the last item on the first page.
Notice the difference between a sigh of relief and a sigh of grief.
Notice the hands of the people you meet and you will be surprised to see how different and how interesting they are.
Notice the love language that your spouse uses.
Notice what she is saying.
Notice.
Noticing that I was watching him, the stranger came up to me and said hello.
Noticing the fox had gone, the hare crept out of its burrow underground.
Notification of the smoking ban was posted outside the restaurant yesterday.
Notifications seem to matter more than people.
Notify Tom of the change of plans.
Notify Tom right away.
Notify me if anything changes.
Notify me if anything happens.
Notify me if you need anything.
Notify them immediately.
Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris dates from the Middle Ages.
Notre-Dame de Paris is the most visited historic monument of Europe.
Notre-Dame is a church in Paris.
Notting Hill is one of London's most picturesque neighborhoods.
Notwithstanding the fact that on average women are more intelligent than men, most geniuses are men.
Notwithstanding the objections made by some of the corporations party to this arbitration, the committee has decided to remunerate the victims of the accident, as well as cover any medical expenses they may incur.
Notwithstanding their own repeated scandals, the police continue to non-chalantly issue infringement tickets.
Nouakchott is the capital of Mauritania.
Nouns decline in German, Russian, and Greek.
Nouns end in the letter O.
Nouns in Latin have five declensions.
Nouns inflect for plural in English.
Nouns name. Pronouns identify without naming.
Nouns, adjectives, pronouns and participles are said to be declined, while verbs are said to be conjugated.
Nouns, pronouns, verbs, adjectives, adverbs, articles, prepositions, conjunctions, and interjections are the parts of speech in English.
Noureddine Bedoui is the Algerian prime minister.
Noureddine Bedoui is the prime minister of Algeria.
Noureddine Bedoui's government has no popular support.
Noureddine Khettal, the fascist, has quit buying plastic bags.
Noureddine Khettal, the fascist, has two dogs and one cat.
Noureddine Khettal, the fascist, lives in Boston.
Noureddine Khettal, the fascist, rides his bike to work everyday.
Nourish Now is a nonprofit organization that collects food from donors like restaurants and cafeterias and distributes it to families in need. The organization also accepts financial contributions from the community.
Novels aren't being read as much as they used to be.
Novels aren't being read as much as they were in the past.
November 11 each year became a national holiday beginning in 1938, with this year's official observance on Monday since the actual date fell on a weekend this year.
November 15th is the seven-five-three festival, when parents with boys of five, girls of seven and either boys or girls of three celebrate their children's maturation, dress them in gay clothes and take them to shrines where they pray for their children's future.
November 23rd is Labor Thanksgiving Day, which was established as a national holiday to stress the importance of labor in people's minds.
November 23rd is Labor Thanksgiving Day, which was established as a national holiday to stress the importance of labor in people’s minds.
November is an autumn month in the northern hemisphere.
November is definitely the best month to travel to Japan.
November is nearer and nearer!
November is the eleventh month of the year.
November is the eleventh month, coming immediately before December.
November marks 30 years since the fall of the Berlin Wall.
November was dramatically wetter than normal—288% of normal.
Novembers are dark in this part of the world because the nights last for six months.
Novial is a beautiful language.
Novices often have more luck finding something arcane than seasoned researchers because of the power of creative thinking and serendipity.
Now Abimelech had not touched her, and he said: Lord, wilt thou slay a nation that is ignorant and just?
Now Abraham was old, and advanced in age; and the Lord had blessed him in all things.
Now Armstrong, another roommate and their two girlfriends are experiencing symptoms while the original roommate remains hospitalized on a ventilator.
Now Beth enters, stage right!
Now Blockhead-Hans came in; he rode his goat right into the hall.
Now Boaz went up to the gate and sat down there. Behold, the near kinsman of whom Boaz spoke came by. Boaz said to him, "Come over here, friend, and sit down!" He came over, and sat down.
Now Cartoon Network only airs dumb cartoons.
Now Dan is a minister.
Now Ephron dwelt in the midst of the children of Heth. And Ephron made answer to Abraham in the hearing of all that went in at the gate of the city, saying: Let it not be so, my lord, but do thou rather hearken to what I say: The field I deliver to thee, and the cave that is therein; in the presence of the children of my people, bury thy dead.
Now Gabriel is interested.
Now Ghouate's village is connected to the world's largest functioning fog collection project, alleviating the need to collect water that fell mainly on women.
Now I agree with you.
Now I also think so.
Now I am a teacher, I think otherwise.
Now I am become death, the destroyer of worlds.
Now I am busy.
Now I am enjoying my new life style.
Now I am free.
Now I am going to bring it to you.
Now I am going to take nap.
Now I am happy!
Now I am hungry.
Now I am in Rome.
Now I am in South America to teach Esperanto.
Now I am in business venture number 7 and this one starts to get high returns after 6 months.
Now I am learning English.
Now I am really enjoying life in France, I think it's because there's more sunlight so I can go outside, and of course start traveling around France.
Now I am really tired.
Now I am studying English.
Now I am thirsty.
Now I am too old to walk.
Now I am twenty-eight, and am in reality more illiterate than many schoolboys of fifteen.
Now I am very interested in the Italian Renaissance.
Now I begin to understand.
Now I can brag myself.
Now I can die happy.
Now I can die in peace.
Now I can finally sleep easy.
Now I can go home with good conscience.
Now I can look after myself.
Now I can recall!
Now I can say that I know Tom slightly better.
Now I can see where my real friends are.
Now I can see why our team lost.
Now I can sleep in peace.
Now I can sleep peacefully.
Now I can sleep soundly.
Now I can wipe your faces off the map!
Now I can't work.
Now I come to the main point.
Now I could say there's no such thing as a stupid question, but we both know that isn't true.
Now I cry less.
Now I delete you.
Now I desire you more than ever.
Now I don't feel like watching television.
Now I don't know what to do.
Now I don't think that anymore.
Now I don't understand anything.
Now I feel a lot more comfortable.
Now I feel bad.
Now I feel guilty.
Now I feel like a failure.
Now I feel like you.
Now I feel more depressed than ever.
Now I feel reborn.
Now I feel refreshed.
Now I feel relieved.
Now I feel so much better.
Now I feel so stupid.
Now I feel sorry for her.
Now I feel the same.
Now I feel threatened.
Now I feel tired.
Now I feel very self-conscious.
Now I finally understand what Tom meant when he said that.
Now I get it.
Now I get why he didn't go to college.
Now I go to the market.
Now I have a headache, too.
Now I have curly hair, because I had a perm.
Now I have my composition written.
Now I have no money, but I do what I can.
Now I have the hat which I thought was lost.
Now I have three left.
Now I have to admit, when I read this, this sounded totally wrong and counterintuitive.
Now I have to answer the intercom.
Now I have to find Tom.
Now I have to find her.
Now I have to find him.
Now I have to find them.
Now I have to go to the consulate.
Now I have to go, because I want to watch my kid's first baseball match.
Now I have to go, but I will return.
Now I have to go.
Now I have to leave, they're calling for my flight.
Now I have to leave, they’re calling for my flight.
Now I have to make a phone call.
Now I have to make some calls.
Now I have to rest.
Now I have to start all over again.
Now I have to work in less than 5 hours.
Now I have two fiancÃ©es.
Now I have two fiancées.
Now I have two microphones.
Now I have you!
Now I just came out of a bar in Akfadu.
Now I know Berber and understand it.
Now I know Berber.
Now I know I should have stayed in that job, but hindsight is always 20-20 - I couldn't have known it when I was leaving.
Now I know I should have stayed in that job, but hindsight is always 20-20 - I couldn’t have known it when I was leaving.
Now I know better.
Now I know exactly what to get you for your birthday.
Now I know how a pet feels.
Now I know how to add numbers on soroban.
Now I know how to fight you.
Now I know much more than before.
Now I know my situation!
Now I know that it was all because of you!
Now I know that you were right.
Now I know that you're a man who has feelings.
Now I know the reason Tom hates me.
Now I know the reason that Tom and Mary hate me.
Now I know the reason that Tom hates me.
Now I know the whole truth.
Now I know what I should do.
Now I know what Islam is.
Now I know what Tom is like.
Now I know what he's looking for.
Now I know what love is.
Now I know what you love and what you hate.
Now I know what you think.
Now I know what's in store for me and can act accordingly.
Now I know where he is.
Now I know who you are.
Now I know why Tom and Mary hate me.
Now I know why Tom hates me.
Now I know why he kept silent.
Now I know why he will never be a teacher.
Now I know why people get into so many car accidents when it rains.
Now I know why so many people were out in the dark last night in the field in front of the woods: the Perseids meteorite shower had reached its peak.
Now I know why they are here.
Now I know why you want that.
Now I know why.
Now I know you were right.
Now I know you.
Now I know your secret.
Now I know your secrets.
Now I know!
Now I know, that the Lord is great above all gods; because they dealt proudly against them.
Now I know.
Now I like the sentences she writes more.
Now I live here.
Now I live in a city. Nevertheless, the distance between my house and the large forest is only about a kilometer.
Now I live in the city, but I hope to go back to the countryside.
Now I live with my uncle.
Now I love you even more.
Now I love you guys even more!
Now I make twice as much.
Now I miss her less and that's better.
Now I must go about my work.
Now I must go, but I will come back.
Now I must go.
Now I must hasten to court; some other time I will tell you much more foolish things even than these.
Now I must leave you all for a while.
Now I must leave you for a while.
Now I need something to drink – something high-proof.
Now I need you to leave.
Now I offer you my death.
Now I praise you for what you both say and do.
Now I realise why she was angry with me.
Now I realise why.
Now I realize why.
Now I really do need something to drink.
Now I really started to talk nonsense.
Now I recognize you!
Now I recognize you.
Now I regret it.
Now I remember it.
Now I remember!
Now I remember.
Now I see a friend.
Now I see that I misunderstood the sentence at first glance.
Now I see that some things really have changed with time.
Now I see the Greek language everywhere.
Now I see what you mean.
Now I see what's going on here.
Now I see who my true friends are.
Now I see why Tom hired you.
Now I see why Tom likes you so much.
Now I see why Tom likes you.
Now I see why her husband left her.
Now I see.
Now I seldom go to the movies.
Now I take medication regularly.
Now I think I can almost see.
Now I think I've got a plan.
Now I think so as well.
Now I understand even less than before.
Now I understand everything.
Now I understand it all.
Now I understand many things.
Now I understand that my mother was only trying to be polite in public.
Now I understand what happened.
Now I understand what you mean.
Now I understand what you're trying to tell me.
Now I understand why Heinrich Schliemann learned Greek last. The language is enchanting; it cannot be supplanted by any other.
Now I understand why Sami is crazy about you.
Now I understand why there were 8 persons and 7 pairs of animals of each species in Noah's Ark.
Now I understand why they want to give you less money!
Now I understand why you go home so often.
Now I understand why.
Now I understand you.
Now I understand.
Now I want to be a cat.
Now I want to eat something sweet.
Now I want to eat yummy food.
Now I want to go and do it.
Now I want to introduce my parents to you.
Now I want to learn Berber.
Now I want to rest.
Now I want to speak Esperanto.
Now I want to speak.
Now I want to talk a bit about the European Union.
Now I want you more than ever.
Now I want you to hustle.
Now I will do a demonstration of teaching subjects regarding the Kadazandusun language.
Now I will introduce you to my parents.
Now I will take over his business.
Now I will turn the tables on you and play a card that is even worse!
Now I wish I didn't have ears.
Now I wish I was dead.
Now I wish to go to sleep.
Now I'd better put my nose to the grindstone, I have a lot of work today.
Now I'd like to say something about the European Union.
Now I'd like to talk for a bit about the European Union.
Now I'll add the finishing touch.
Now I'll be taking charge here.
Now I'll call my lawyer!
Now I'll demonstrate this proposal with puppets.
Now I'll do things I've never done before.
Now I'll expose all your flaws.
Now I'll finally be able to get some sleep.
Now I'll give you an orientation course.
Now I'll introduce my parents to you.
Now I'll leave you alone for a while.
Now I'll summarize all I just said.
Now I'll take you by the hand.
Now I'll tell you everything.
Now I'll tell you the truth.
Now I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll get you the grammars, and give you a first lesson, if you'll remember, at every house in the village, to recommend Physician Vilbert's golden ointment, life-drops, and female pills.
Now I'll tell you what I've done.
Now I'll try something else.
Now I'm a doctor, too.
Now I'm a little scared.
Now I'm a real old man.
Now I'm alone.
Now I'm alone; we can talk.
Now I'm angry.
Now I'm back on my two feets soundly but my sickness dragged on for at least one week and I struggled hard to make it go away.
Now I'm busy, but if you want, we can speak afterward.
Now I'm busy.
Now I'm definitely not going to sleep.
Now I'm depressed.
Now I'm disappointed.
Now I'm done for.
Now I'm done.
Now I'm even more confused.
Now I'm fairly healthy again.
Now I'm flabbergasted.
Now I'm flat broke!
Now I'm free.
Now I'm getting angry.
Now I'm giving the orders.
Now I'm going to cook, I'll be back later.
Now I'm going to paint them black.
Now I'm going to rest.
Now I'm going to shoot you in the head, you bastard.
Now I'm going to tell you how it is.
Now I'm having fun.
Now I'm here with you.
Now I'm home.
Now I'm humiliated.
Now I'm in Boston.
Now I'm in command.
Now I'm in trouble.
Now I'm intrigued.
Now I'm jealous of you!
Now I'm learning German.
Now I'm living in Boston.
Now I'm living in Tokyo.
Now I'm mad.
Now I'm nervous.
Now I'm preparing to go back to Shanghai.
Now I'm reading, you're reading and he's reading; we're all reading.
Now I'm ready for anything.
Now I'm ready to go.
Now I'm ready.
Now I'm really confused.
Now I'm really tired.
Now I'm running away.
Now I'm sad.
Now I'm scared.
Now I'm seeing a friend.
Now I'm serious.
Now I'm staying.
Now I'm studying biology and it's wonderful.
Now I'm sure.
Now I'm the one who's speaking.
Now I'm thinking of you.
Now I'm trying to make up for five years of inactivity on Tatoeba.
Now I'm trying to make up for my 5-year-long inactivity on Tatoeba.
Now I'm used to it.
Now I'm wide awake.
Now I'm wondering about what could have been.
Now I'm worried.
Now I've forgotten your name.
Now I've got a new reason why I can't sleep.
Now I've got a pile of work to do.
Now I've got it.
Now I've got seven left.
Now I've got some time.
Now I've got something to look forward to.
Now I've got something to strive for.
Now I've had enough.
Now I've lost all hope of reaching any type of agreement with him.
Now I've seen everything.
Now I've told you everything. But I've got an afterthought. Would you like to hear it?
Now Isaac was old, and his eyes were dim, and he could not see: and he called Esau, his elder son, and said to him: My son? And he answered: Here I am.
Now Israel loved Joseph above all his sons, because he had him in his old age: and he made him a coat of divers colours.
Now I’ll add the finishing touch.
Now I’ll call my lawyer!
Now I’ll have to kill you.
Now I’ll introduce my parents to you.
Now I’m done for.
Now I’m going to cook, I’ll be back later.
Now I’m older, I see things differently.
Now I’m reading, you’re reading and he’s reading; we’re all reading.
Now I’m wide awake.
Now Jacob had pitched his tent in the mountain; and when he, with his brethren, had overtaken him, he pitched his tent in the same mount of Galaad.
Now Kosovo is an independent country.
Now Maccus says: tell me in good faith, did it never happen to you, that someone you had equipped like this with leather stockings and shoes, as if for a race, as you’ve just equipped me, then left without paying the bill?
Now Marina was a romantic, she had not yet fallen into that passive state of mind which accepts that one should find a corner to live, anywhere, and then arrange one’s whole life around it.
Now Marina was a romantic; she had not yet fallen into that passive state of mind which accepts that one should find a corner to live, anywhere, and then arrange one's whole life around it.
Now Mark isn't laughing.
Now Mennad has more people disliking him.
Now Mennad knows.
Now Moses fed the sheep of Jethro, his father in law, the priest of Madian: and he drove the flock to the inner parts of the desert, and came to the mountain of God, Horeb.
Now Sami knows the truth.
Now Sami knows.
Now Sarai, the wife of Abram, had brought forth no children: but having a handmaid, an Egyptian, named Agar, she said to her husband: Behold, the Lord hath restrained me from bearing: go in unto my handmaid, it may be I may have children of her at least.
Now Tatoeba users have the opportunity to delete their own sentences, provided they are not linked to any translations.
Now Tom can handle the truth.
Now Tom has a car.
Now Tom has what he needs.
Now Tom is eating cake.
Now Tom is making the same mistake Mary was making.
Now Tom is making the same mistake that Mary was making.
Now Tom isn't going to the market.
Now Tom just wants to be left alone.
Now Tom understands.
Now Tom wants it back.
Now Yanni is Muslim.
Now Yanni lives in Algiers.
Now Yanni wants to put his past behind him.
Now Ziri has a second family.
Now a few thoughts are starting to coalesce in my mind.
Now a gomor is the tenth part of an ephi.
Now a lot of small businesses are having problems.
Now about basic navigation: Use the arrow keys or the mouse to move.
Now add cornstarch to make the gravy as thick as cream, adding at the same time salt and Worcestershire sauce.
Now after a long time the king of Egypt died: and the children of Israel groaning, cried out because of the works: and their cry went up unto God from the works.
Now after the death of his wife, the merchant grieved for many days as was right, but at the end of that time he began to desire to marry again and to look about him for a suitable wife.
Now all I know about magnets is this: give me a glass of water, let me drop it on the magnets, that's the end of the magnets.
Now all Tom needs is a hammer.
Now all heroes lie under the earth.
Now all is well.
Now all of you must listen to me.
Now all these books are yours.
Now all they want is a roof over their heads.
Now all we need is a plan.
Now all you have to do is tighten the screw, and Bob's your uncle.
Now and then I get a headache.
Now and then I heard snatches of their whispering, and I realised what they were talking about.
Now and then I think of divorcing him.
Now and then he lifted the saucepan lid a little to let out steam.
Now and then he put the book down and looked out of the window.
Now and then he would put the book aside and look out of the window.
Now and then in some farmyard a cock would crow or a dog bark, but no other sounds broke the stillness of the night.
Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy.
Now and then she comes to school too late.
Now and then she plays tennis.
Now and then the parrot would utter quite apropos sentences in the most unexpected manner.
Now and then we passed a moorland cottage, walled and roofed with stone.
Now and then your sister asks our sisters to teach her something.
Now and then, I go to the theatre.
Now and then, I looked up at the sky.
Now and then, I miss you.
Now and then, Tom pops into my office for a chat.
Now and then, a solitary leaf floats to the ground.
Now and then, he would bring a kipper or two home from the smokehouse.
Now and then, we go to London on business.
Now answer my question or you'll be standing tall before the man.
Now apologize.
Now are you asking me to be a snitch?
Now are you faking it or are you for real?
Now are you sure?
Now as I allowed my glance to rove along the dim-lighted hall in the direction of the two bed-chambers, it was at once arrested by some small—and at the distance, indistinguishable—object lying in the centre of the floor a few feet beyond the two doors.
Now astronomers are bemused to find young stars that are spiraling into the center of a massive cluster of stars in the Small Magellanic Cloud, a satellite galaxy of the Milky Way.
Now at Wembley, the English women's football team won the European Cup by beating the German national team.
Now back away.
Now be a good boy and go beddy-byes.
Now be a good boy or I'm going to send you to Oberon.
Now be a good boy or I’m going to send you to Oberon.
Now be a good father and take Yuri to the bathroom.
Now be patient.
Now be reasonable.
Now be sensible.
Now beat it.
Now begun the two hardest and most difficult years of my life.
Now brace yourself.
Now calm down.
Now came an end of mourning and of woe, / when Jove, surveying from his prospect high / shore, sail-winged sea, and peopled earth below, / stood, musing, on the summit of the sky, / and on the Libyan kingdom fixed his eye.
Now came, preceded by lictors with their fasces, the vestal virgins, seated in silver chariots drawn by milk-white steeds, followed closely by another band of flamens, leading a long line of hostia (oxen to be sacrificed), their horns richly gilded, their heads adorned with wreaths, each animal led by a victimarius.
Now clean the hob.
Now clean the hotplate.
Now clean up any residual dust.
Now close your eyes and count to 10.
Now close your eyes and go to sleep—I don't want to hear another peep out of you!
Now come get a hug and a kiss.
Now come on and fight.
Now come on, Jamal, we're gonna be late.
Now come out.
Now come with me.
Now comes the difficult part.
Now comes the mystery!
Now curls the wave, and lifts us to the sky, / now sinks and, plunging in the gulf we lie.
Now do be careful.
Now do you see my point?
Now do you see?
Now do you understand?
Now don't be frightened.
Now don't be hasty, please.
Now don't be upset.
Now don't exaggerate.
Now don't freak out, OK?
Now don't get upset. It was just an offhand remark.
Now don't move.
Now don't pout.
Now don't start crying, Tom.
Now don't you feel stupid?
Now draw some out and take it to the master of the banquet.
Now drink up.
Now eat your supper.
Now every Finnish woman has everything she needs to be happy.
Now every one of them gathered in the morning, as much as might suffice to eat: and after the sun grew hot, it melted.
Now everybody can see it.
Now everybody knows.
Now everyone can see it.
Now everyone has an Irish accent?
Now everyone has one.
Now everyone knows about it.
Now everyone knows.
Now everyone's happy.
Now everything is fixed.
Now everything is flawless.
Now everything is turning out for the best.
Now everything is wrong.
Now everything makes sense.
Now everything's OK.
Now everything's exposed.
Now everything's going smoothly.
Now everything's good.
Now fail the ships wherein Achates ride / and Abas; old Aletes' bark gives way, / and brave Ilioneus'. Each loosened side / through many a gaping seam lets in the baleful tide.
Now faith is confidence in what we hope for and assurance about what we do not see.
Now fix that.
Now folks, let's go on.
Now folks, let’s go on.
Now follow me.
Now for my next number, I'd like to play a song for you that I learned from my father.
Now for the ponderous goblet called the Queen, / of jewelled gold, which Belus used and they / of Belus' line, and poured the wine straightway.
Now forget about that!
Now get a grip and try to behave properly.
Now get cracking!
Now get going.
Now get in.
Now get lost.
Now get moving.
Now get on with your work.
Now get out of here.
Now get out of my hair.
Now get out of my room.
Now get out of my way.
Now get out.
Now get us out of here.
Now giants were upon the earth in those days. For after the sons of God went in to the daughters of men, and they brought forth children, these are the mighty men of old, men of renown.
Now give attention to what I am going to say.
Now give it back.
Now give me back my cat.
Now give me back my key.
Now give me that kiss.
Now give me that.
Now give me the book.
Now give me the keys.
Now give me the list.
Now give me what I want.
Now give me your hands.
Now go ahead, put your feet up.
Now go and have fun.
Now go and watch that video.
Now go away!
Now go away.
Now go back to your station!
Now go brush your teeth.
Now go forward.
Now go have fun.
Now go home.
Now go on home.
Now go on inside.
Now go practice.
Now go to bed.
Now go to sleep.
Now go to the ball, Cinderella; but remember, if you stay one moment after midnight, your coach will instantly become a pumpkin, your horses will be mice, your coachman a rat, and your footmen lizards. And you? You will be once more only a cinder-maid in a ragged frock and with bare feet.
Now go, don't keep them waiting!
Now have fun.
Now he being dead, his brethren were afraid, and talked one with another: Lest perhaps he should remember the wrong he suffered, and requite us all the evil that we did to him.
Now he believed that he had caught the bloodsucker in the act of attaching himself to another prey.
Now he can accompany us.
Now he can go with us.
Now he can walk without pain.
Now he doesn't need money.
Now he fears for his life.
Now he gets it.
Now he had two daughters, the name of the elder was Lia; and the younger was called Rachel.
Now he has nothing to live for.
Now he has teeth and he can bite.
Now he is eating dinner.
Now he is in the hospital in critical condition.
Now he is recognized as one of the most promising writers.
Now he is sketching an apple.
Now he is the victim of his own policies. What goes around comes around.
Now he panted as if he were flying from some pressing pursuer; and now his breath was quite gone as if he were exhausted with running and had no strength left him.
Now he sees the key.
Now he studies medicine.
Now he swallows easily.
Now he tells me the truth.
Now he understands.
Now he was elected for the third time in the row.
Now he was gone; and all the years to come could never again bring joy so deep and love so everlasting.
Now he was rich, wore fine clothes, and made many friends, who all said that he was an excellent man, a real nobleman.
Now he'll be out of our hair!
Now he's fluent in Berber.
Now he's going to see the artist.
Now he's got it.
Now he's in a hurry.
Now he's looking for another job.
Now he's standing right in the doorway and wants to go in the church.
Now he's studying medicine.
Now he's texting me.
Now he's there.
Now help me.
Now here is a story about a Japanese girl named Haru-chan.
Now here's the problem.
Now his sack is on the table.
Now his smile was different from how it was in the morning.
Now hold it.
Now hold on just a minute.
Now hold on.
Now how do you say "abstract" in Persian?
Now hurry up and get ready. I want to get to the store before it closes.
Now hurry up and write your goddamn paper!
Now if you dawdle on the streets of Rome or Milan, police demand to see your travel papers and hurry you on, telling you to move quickly.
Now if you don't mind, I'd like to get started.
Now illegal in many countries, cockfighting continues in rural areas.
Now in Tatoeba you find, in English, only phrases about Tom or Sami.
Now in his late 60s, one of American agriculture's notable contrarians is more rumpled and thicker in the waist than he was as a Kansas farmboy, coasting through what he calls one of the most misspent youths in the history of the planet.
