What happened to your ring?
What happened to your umbrella?
What happened to your voice?
What happened today?
What happened tonight?
What happened totally messed up my plan.
What happened two pages ago?
What happened was a disgrace.
What happened was a misunderstanding.
What happened was a terrible mistake.
What happened was an accident.
What happened was beyond our control.
What happened was crazy.
What happened was horrible.
What happened was my fault.
What happened was out of Tom's control.
What happened was out of my control.
What happened was predictable.
What happened was pretty strange.
What happened was that Tom slept for twenty hours after working thirty hours.
What happened was the opposite of what we expected.
What happened was tragic.
What happened was unavoidable.
What happened was unexpected.
What happened was worse than anything Tom had imagined would happen.
What happened wasn't Tom's fault.
What happened wasn't right.
What happened when I was out?
What happened when you got home last night?
What happened when you got home that night?
What happened when you tried to do that?
What happened while I was away?
What happened while I was gone?
What happened with Protestant conversions from Roman Catholicism in my extended family didn't go far enough for me, as I had a tendency for Buddhism since prepubescence, largely from sci-fi shows like Star Trek with Mr. Spock's Vulcan philosophy and Space: 1999 with aliens meditating in glass cubicles. I was impressionable to these images and ideas at a young age. By my thirties, I became interested in other Eastern philosophies like Daoism and Hinduism. Things like Baptism, Pentecostal, Mormonism, Jehovah's Witnesses, etc. weren't far enough for me...
What happened with Skura?
What happened with Tom?
What happened with his clothes? Why are they missing?
What happened with you?
What happened with your date last night?
What happened with your relation with him?
What happened won't happen again.
What happened yesterday evening in Paris?
What happened yesterday morning?
What happened yesterday?
What happened, Sally?
What happened, Tom?
What happened, happened.
What happened, no one had expected.
What happened?
What happened? Can you tell me as much as possible?
What happened? No one is here. There are hardly any new contributions. This just cannot be!
What happened? The car's slowing down.
What happened? The car’s slowing down.
What happened? There's water all over the apartment.
What happened? There's water in the whole apartment.
What happened? There’s water all over the apartment.
What happened? There’s water in the whole apartment.
What happened? Why are you crying?
What happened? You look pale.
What happened? You're all soaking wet.
What happened? Your coat has blood on it.
What happened? Your coat is stained with blood!
What happened?.. So today this morning on January 6th, 2025 I was riding the bus to school. I hear on the bus speaker that the other bus drivers in the network are announcing that there is no school today. Guess what? A fire in the CTEI department happened. A fridge caught on fire out of nowhere and that caused everyone to have no school for the day. I mean, I'm not complaining about the event but I hope everyone was alright when that happened.
What happens after a blood transfusion?
What happens after death?
What happens after people die?
What happens after that?
What happens after we die?
What happens after we leave?
What happens after?
What happens afterwards?
What happens at 2:30?
What happens behind Yanni's home doors isn't my business.
What happens during absorption?
What happens from here?
What happens happens.
What happens here, stays here.
What happens if I do it?
What happens if I get caught?
What happens if I press this button?
What happens if I refuse?
What happens if I say no?
What happens if Mary won't do what we ask her to do?
What happens if Tom and Mary don't pass?
What happens if Tom and Mary don't show up?
What happens if Tom and Mary won't do what we ask them to do?
What happens if Tom dies?
What happens if Tom doesn't pass?
What happens if Tom doesn't show up?
What happens if Tom loses?
What happens if Tom refuses to help us?
What happens if Tom refuses?
What happens if Tom won't do what we ask him to do?
What happens if it rains?
What happens if our spacesuits don't work?
What happens if someone refuses to pay the communal expenses?
What happens if that happens?
What happens if the power goes out now?
What happens if we don't catch Tom?
What happens if we fail?
What happens if we get caught?
What happens if we get infected?
What happens if you eat too much salt?
What happens if you feed your dog pasta?
What happens if you get wet?
What happens if you press this button?
What happens if you swipe left?
What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.
What happens in my head stays in my head.
What happens in the afterlife?
What happens in the brain when we're afraid of something?
What happens in the dark always comes to light.
What happens in the operating theatre?
What happens in this series?
What happens in your country?
What happens inside black holes is something we don't know.
What happens inside that laboratory?
What happens inside the operating room?
What happens next time?
What happens next?
What happens now?
What happens then?
What happens this week?
What happens to all the wood?
What happens to babies who are born at sea?
What happens to light in a black hole?
What happens to me isn't important.
What happens to people when they die?
What happens to salt when it's mixed with water?
What happens today in Europe also concerns the fisher in Senegal and the programmer in India.
What happens today?
What happens tomorrow?
What happens when Popeye eats spinach?
What happens when an unstoppable force hits an unmovable object?
What happens when we die?
What happens when we find Tom?
What happens when we run out of water?
What happens when you die?
What happens when you have an allergic reaction?
What happens when you mix salt with water?
What happens when you press this button?
What happens?
What happiness!
What harm I have done?
What harm could it do?
What harm would it do if I were to go into the garden for a short time and enjoy myself among the trees and flowers, and the singing birds and fluttering butterflies and humming insects, and look at the dew-drops hiding from the sunbeams in the hearts of the roses and lilies, and wander about in the sunshine, instead of remaining all day in this room?
What harm would it do, if a man told a good strong lie for the sake of the good and for the Christian church â€¦ a lie out of necessity, a useful lie, a helpful lie, such lies would not be against God, he would accept them.
What harm would it do, if a man told a good strong lie for the sake of the good and for the Christian church … a lie out of necessity, a useful lie, a helpful lie, such lies would not be against God, he would accept them.
What harms democracy most is naivety.
What has Algeria been doing since 1999?
What has Elias done for you?
What has Father Christmas brought you?
What has Layla done to her hair?
What has Lorenzo been doing in the shed?
What has Sami ever done to them?
What has Tom accomplished?
What has Tom been accused of doing?
What has Tom been accused of?
What has Tom been arrested for this time?
What has Tom been doing lately?
What has Tom been doing?
What has Tom been up to?
What has Tom broken now?
What has Tom come here to do?
What has Tom done lately?
What has Tom done now?
What has Tom done to make amends?
What has Tom done to them?
What has Tom done to you?
What has Tom done today?
What has Tom done wrong?
What has Tom done?
What has Tom ever done for me?
What has Tom ever done for us?
What has Tom got to say?
What has Tom said?
What has Tom seen?
What has Tom told you about me?
What has Yanni done?
What has Ziri planned for tonight?
What has Ziri written?
What has a foot, but cannot walk?
What has a head, but cannot think?
What has actually happened here?
What has always united us, what has always encouraged our people, what draws immigrants to America's shores-- is an ideology that talks about aspirations shared by all people: that we should be able to live without fear, that we can to talk to or meet anyone, that we vote and choose a religion as we please.
What has become of Tom?
What has become of her son?
What has become of him since then?
What has become of him?
What has become of his son?
What has become of my old house where I used to live?
What has become of the book I put here a few minutes ago?
What has become of the book I put here yesterday?
What has become of you?
What has become of your sister?
What has been done?
What has been seen can not be unseen.
What has been the best movie so far this year?
What has been your biggest mistake, and what have learnt from it?
What has been your favorite concert of the past 5 years?
What has brought this change?
What has brought you here so early?
What has brought you here?
What has brought you to this city?
What has caused this tumult?
What has caused you such damage?
What has changed since the last time I was here?
What has changed since then?
What has come over you to think that?
What has estranged him from his sister?
What has eyes, but cannot see?
What has gone wrong with the European project?
What has got into her?
What has got into you?
What has gotten into you?
What has gotten into your dad?
What has happened before will happen again. What has been done before will be done again. There is nothing new in the whole world.
What has happened in Algeria?
What has happened to Europe?
What has happened to Tom?
What has happened to him?
What has happened to my baby?
What has happened to my passport?
What has happened to our optimism?
What has happened to the book I put here a few moments ago?
What has happened to you?
What has happened?
What has harmed you so much?
What has he against me?
What has he against me? I never hurt man or woman in my life that I know of. And yet he would not so much as let me touch the tips of her fingers.
What has he been doing so far?
What has he been up to this time?
What has he done now?
What has he done so far?
What has he done to me?
What has he done to them?
What has he done to us?
What has he done to you this time?
What has he done to you?
What has he done today?
What has he done?
What has he found?
What has he gone and done now?
What has he got that I haven't?
What has he gotten you to believe this time?
What has he tricked you into believing this time?
What has he written on the board?
What has hurt you to this extent?
What has it been like to watch China change so drastically in the last 10-15 years?
What has it got to do with you?
What has just happened in there?
What has legs, but cannot walk?
What has life taught me?
What has made you decide to work for our company?
What has many holes but is good for holding liquid?
What has science ever done for us?
What has she against me?
What has she done to me?
What has she done to them?
What has she done to us?
What has she done to you?
What has she done today?
What has she done until now?
What has she done?
What has she got that I haven't got?
What has she seen?
What has she told you?
What has that got to do with anything?
What has that to do with me?
What has the world come to?
What has this got to do with it?
What has this got to do with us?
What has to be done?
What has tongues, but not cannot taste?
What has violence ever accomplished?
What has your friend been doing recently?
What hasn't happened may yet come to pass.
What hat do you like?
What haunts this forest?
What have I become?
What have I been doing all my life?
What have I done for you to be so mean to me?
What have I done to deserve this?
What have I done to deserve your meanness?
What have I done with my key?
What have I done with my keys?
What have I done wrong?
What have I done?
What have I done?!
What have I ever done to Tom?
What have I ever done to you?
What have I got in my pocket?
What have I got myself into?
What have I got to do so that you'll pay attention to me?
What have I got to do so that you’ll pay attention to me?
What have I got to lose?
What have I gotten myself into?
What have I just written?
What have I left unfinished?
What have I missed now?
What have I missed?
What have I misspelled?
What have I seen? The Mona Lisa and the Eiffel Tower.
What have I taught you?
What have I told you about those things?
What have I told you?
What have Tom and Mary accomplished?
What have Tom and Mary been accused of?
What have Tom and Mary been doing all day?
What have Tom and Mary been doing lately?
What have Tom and Mary been doing?
What have Tom and Mary been up to lately?
What have Tom and Mary been up to?
What have Tom and Mary done lately?
What have Tom and Mary done now?
What have Tom and Mary done with everything that was here?
What have Tom and Mary done wrong?
What have Tom and Mary done?
What have Tom and Mary found?
What have Tom and Mary given us?
What have Tom and Mary told you about me?
What have the Algerian authorities done to tackle this problem?
What have these poor people done that they must be punished in this way?
What have they been doing?
What have they been up to now?
What have they done to Tom?
What have they done to her?
What have they done to him?
What have they done to me?
What have they done to us?
What have they done to you?
What have they done today?
What have they done?
What have they found?
What have they learned today?
What have they missed?
What have they seen?
What have we accomplished?
What have we alone fallen into?
What have we become as a society when we need alcohol to enjoy ourselves? It has become a pretext for outlandish behaviour and plain old debauchery.
What have we become?
What have we done to be punished like this?
What have we done to each other?
What have we done?
What have we found?
What have we got here?
What have we got ourselves into?
What have we got to lose?
What have we got?
What have we gotten into?
What have we gotten ourselves into?
What have we here?
What have we overlooked?
What have we really gained?
What have you accomplished in your life?
What have you accomplished so far this week?
What have you accomplished so far today?
What have you accomplished so far?
What have you accomplished?
What have you all been up to?
What have you asked?
What have you been advised to do?
What have you been doing all afternoon?
What have you been doing all day?
What have you been doing all this time!
What have you been doing all this time?
What have you been doing all this while?
What have you been doing all week?
What have you been doing for the last few months?
What have you been doing for the last three hours?
What have you been doing for the past hour?
What have you been doing in the bathroom?
What have you been doing in the last three years?
What have you been doing lately?
What have you been doing recently?
What have you been doing since I last met you?
What have you been doing since the last time we met?
What have you been doing since you and Tom broke up?
What have you been doing since you retired?
What have you been doing so late?
What have you been doing the past three hours?
What have you been doing there for so long?
What have you been doing these last few years?
What have you been doing these past few months?
What have you been doing this week?
What have you been doing today?
What have you been doing up till now?
What have you been doing upstairs all this time?
What have you been doing?
What have you been eating in Algeria?
What have you been eating?
What have you been getting up to till now?!
What have you been sacked for?
What have you been telling your customers?
What have you been thinking about for so long?
What have you been up to lately?
What have you been up to recently?
What have you been up to today?
What have you been up to, Erin?
What have you been up to?
What have you been watching?
What have you been working on?
What have you bought Tom for Christmas?
What have you bought for her?
What have you bought for him?
What have you bought her for Christmas?
What have you bought her?
What have you bought him for Christmas?
What have you bought him for his birthday?
What have you bought him?
What have you bought so far?
What have you bought your girlfriend for Christmas?
What have you brought with you?
What have you brought?
What have you chosen to eat?
What have you chosen?
What have you come here for?
What have you come to talk about?
What have you come up with?
What have you concluded?
What have you cooked?
What have you decided to do?
What have you decided?
What have you discovered?
What have you done about fixing the car?
What have you done for me lately?
What have you done for me?
What have you done here?
What have you done now?
What have you done right now? I've just woken up.
What have you done so far this week?
What have you done so far to stop the problem getting worse?
What have you done so far?
What have you done this time?
What have you done this week?
What have you done to Tom?
What have you done to change that?
What have you done to her?
What have you done to him?
What have you done to me?
What have you done to my computer?
What have you done to my pants?
What have you done to my trousers?
What have you done to them?
What have you done to your arm?
What have you done to your ear?
What have you done to yourself?
What have you done today?
What have you done with Tom?
What have you done with all the stuff that was in this room?
What have you done with her?
What have you done with him?
What have you done with my bag?
What have you done with my glasses?
What have you done with my jacket?
What have you done with my luggage?
What have you done with my notebook?
What have you done with my pen?
What have you done with my pen? It was here a minute ago.
What have you done with my sister?
What have you done with my trousers?
What have you done with that camera?
What have you done with that wristwatch?
What have you done with the books?
What have you done with the box I left here?
What have you done with the camera?
What have you done with the watch I bought for you?
What have you done with them?
What have you done with your car?
What have you done with your hair?
What have you done!
What have you done, Tom?
What have you done, my lord, with the dead body?
What have you done?
What have you eaten today?
What have you eaten?
What have you ever done for me?
What have you ever done for us?
What have you found out so far?
What have you found out?
What have you found, Tom?
What have you found?
What have you given me?
What have you got against Tom?
What have you got against him?
What have you got against them?
What have you got against woodchip wallpaper? It looks chic!
What have you got for maths homework today?
What have you got for me?
What have you got hidden behind your back?
What have you got in mind?
What have you got in that box?
What have you got in your backpack?
What have you got in your bag?
What have you got in your fridge?
What have you got in your hand?
What have you got in your hands right now?
What have you got me into?
What have you got over there?
What have you got planned for next weekend?
What have you got planned for this morning?
What have you got so far?
What have you got there in your hand?
What have you got there in your pocket?
What have you got there?
What have you got to do with it?
What have you got to get done before knocking-off time?
What have you got to get done before we knock-off?
What have you got to lose?
What have you got to moan about?
What have you got to say for yourself?
What have you got to say in your defence?
What have you got us into?
What have you got your knickers in a knot about this time?
What have you got?
What have you gotten me into?
What have you gotten us into?
What have you guys been up to?
What have you guys been up too?
What have you guys done to me?
What have you had to drink: beer, spirits, wine or champagne?
What have you heard about Algeria?
What have you heard, Tom?
What have you heard?
What have you just written?
What have you ladies been doing all afternoon?
What have you learned about Tom so far?
What have you learned about Tom?
What have you learned about the situation?
What have you learned from both Algeria and Germany?
What have you learned in school, my son?
What have you learned so far?
What have you learned today?
What have you learned, Tom?
What have you learned?
What have you learnt today?
What have you looked at?
What have you made for tomorrow?
What have you missed the most during the pandemic?
What have you not told us?
What have you observed?
What have you picked?
What have you planted?
What have you promised to do?
What have you put in it?
What have you put in there?
What have you put into your bag?
What have you said to Tom?
What have you seen in Tegucigalpa?
What have you seen so far?
What have you seen?
What have you taken?
What have you to confess now? It's just as well for two fellows to know the worst of one another before they begin to live together.
What have you told Mary that she's crying now?
What have you told Tom?
What have you told her?
What have you told him?
What have you told them?
What have you two been secretly up to?
What have you two been sneaking around for?
What have you two been up to lately?
What haven't I asked you?
What haven't you done?
What haven't you told me?
What he ate almost killed him.
What he ate for dinner didn't cost much.
What he ate was delicious.
What he ate was very simple and humble.
What he can't find in himself he looks for in others.
What he can't find in himself he seeks in others.
What he can't manage at will is language.
What he can’t manage at will is language.
What he did caused a lot of suffering.
What he did cost his life and the lives of others.
What he did drove me mad.
What he did is not wrong.
What he did is very wrong.
What he did is, in plain language, fraud.
What he did next was quite a surprise to me.
What he did really shows the right spirit!
What he did was against humanity.
What he did was an outrage.
What he did was definitely a foul.
What he did was like taking a crap by the stove and then blaming it on fate.
What he did was nothing less than madness.
What he did was wrong.
What he did wasn't wrong.
What he did wasn’t wrong.
What he didn't expect was blatant hatred and callous violence.
What he finds in my face I can't guess.
What he finds in my face I can’t guess.
What he had said proved to be a myth.
What he had said turned out to be a lie.
What he has just said has offended me.
What he has once heard he never forgets.
What he has said is contrary to fact.
What he has said is true of them.
What he is doing is illegal.
What he is saying does not make sense.
What he is saying doesn't make sense.
What he is saying doesn’t make sense.
What he is saying is very important.
What he is today he owes to his father.
What he is trying to say is easy to understand.
What he lacked in wit, he made up for in energy.
What he lacks is courage.
What he likes is jelly.
What he looked for, he didn't find.
What he loved most about his husband was his beard.
What he meant by those words finally dawned on me.
What he needs is a swift kick in the tokhes.
What he needs is not money but love.
What he needs is practice.
What he needs most is a good job.
What he regretted most wasn’t his mistakes but the opportunities he had been too afraid to seize.
What he said about England is true.
What he said about girls holds true of boys, too.
What he said also applies in this case.
What he said applies, to a certain extent, to this case.
What he said bears out my assumption.
What he said boils down to this.
What he said can scarcely be true.
What he said cannot be true.
What he said cast a chill on the gathering.
What he said caused a lot of confusion.
What he said chilled me.
What he said could possibly be true.
What he said counts for nothing.
What he said does not make sense.
What he said doesn't apply in this situation.
What he said doesn't count.
What he said doesn't make sense to me.
What he said doesn't make sense.
What he said doesn’t make sense to me.
What he said embarrassed me.
What he said has brought about a misunderstanding.
What he said has nothing to do with the issue.
What he said has nothing to do with this problem.
What he said hurt Mary's feelings.
What he said in his interview makes sense.
What he said is a good idea.
What he said is by no means true.
What he said is capable of several interpretations.
What he said is false.
What he said is irrelevant to the matter.
What he said is not true.
What he said is of no importance.
What he said is probably correct.
What he said is still dark.
What he said is still unclear to me.
What he said is true in a sense.
What he said is true.
What he said is, in a sense, true.
What he said is, in a way, true.
What he said made us angry.
What he said may well be true.
What he said might be true.
What he said might well be true.
What he said proved true.
What he said raised a lot of questions.
What he said really hurt me.
What he said scared me.
What he said scares me.
What he said surprised me.
What he said then shocked me.
What he said there was surprisingly difficult.
What he said to Beth was nothing less than an insult to her.
What he said to her was rather cringy.
What he said turned out to be a lie.
What he said turned out to be false.
What he said turned out to be true.
What he said turned out true.
What he said was a slight exaggeration.
What he said was actually true.
What he said was beside the point.
What he said was brief and to the point.
What he said was by no means true.
What he said was far from true.
What he said was not true.
What he said was nothing less than a threat.
What he said was over my head.
What he said was that he was satisfied.
What he said was to the contrary.
What he said was unconscionable.
What he said would happen has happened.
What he said yesterday conflicts with what he said last week.
What he said yesterday contradicts what he said last week.
What he said yesterday is inconsistent with what he said last week.
What he said yesterday is not consistent with what he had said last week.
What he said yesterday is not consistent with what he said last week.
What he said yesterday is not true.
What he said yesterday was not in accord with what he said last week.
What he saw in her eyes he couldn't describe.
What he saw surprised him.
What he saw wasn't a ghost but just a figment of his imagination.
What he saw wasn’t a ghost but just a figment of his imagination.
What he says always corresponds with what he does.
What he says does not make any sense.
What he says has nothing to do with this problem.
What he says in the speech is less important than how he says it.
What he says is absolutely correct.
What he says is brief and to the point.
What he says is false.
What he says is good.
What he says is gospel.
What he says is holy truth.
What he says is nonsense.
What he says is not correct.
What he says is not necessarily true.
What he says is not true.
What he says is of no importance to me.
What he says is total nonsense.
What he says is true in a sense.
What he says is true to some extent.
What he says is true.
What he says is very important.
What he says is very true.
What he says isn't necessarily true.
What he says makes no sense at all.
What he says sounds very sensible to me.
What he thought was bound up with Buddhism.
What he told me frightened me.
What he told me proved true.
What he told me yesterday is a white lie.
What he told us the other day simply doesn't make sense, does it?
What he told us the other day simply doesn’t make sense, does it?
What he was taught he mastered.
What he writes apart from his sentences is understandable, though full of errors and stylistic flaws. But when he tackles writing his example sentences, it's just incomprehensible bullshit.
What he writes comes to this.
What he's doing contradicts what he said.
What he's doing is against the law.
What he's doing is cheating.
What he's doing is driving me mad.
What he's doing is illegal.
What he's doing is too hard.
What he's saying doesn't mean anything.
What he's saying is actually true.
What he's saying is not necessarily true.
What he's saying is true.
What he's saying just isn't consistent.
What he's trying to say is quite sensible in a way.
What heading does this book come under?
What heading does this come under?
What heavenly weather!
What heavy traffic!
What help can you give me?
What help do I get?
What help is that?
What helped you learn Berber?
What helped you speak French so well?
What helped you the most with learning Berber?
What helped you to convert to Islam?
What helps cure a cough?
What helps with a cough?
What helps you sleep better?
What hemisphere are we in?
What herbicides do you use?
What herbs did you use?
What he’s doing is against the law.
What he’s doing is illegal.
What he’s saying just isn’t consistent.
What high school did Tom go to?
What high school did you go to?
What high school do you go to?
What history teaches us is that men have never learned anything from it.
What holiday is it today?
What holiday is this?
What holiday was it yesterday?
What hope attends you through this gate? Not one!
What hope is there of a cure?
What hopelessness!
What horrible events took place? Where are you parents? What happened to your husband?
What horrible thing happened?
What horrible things happened?
What horrible weather!
What horrible weather! It's been raining all day.
What horrible weather.
What hospital is Tom in?
What hotel are you staying at?
What hotel are you staying in?
What hotel did you spend the night in?
What hotel did you usually stay at?
What hotel will you be staying at?
What hotel will you stay in in Thailand?
What hour, minute, and second is it now?
What hours is it open?
What hours is the shopping center open?
What house do you like more?
What household chore do you hate the most?
What human rights? Have you forgotten where you are?
What human trespass would constrain thy power, O Zeus?
What hurts the most is that you didn't feel you could tell me the truth.
What hurts the most is that you didn’t feel you could tell me the truth.
What hurts you?
What hurts, often instructs.
What hype!
What ideas do you have?
What idiot did that?
What if Algeria's development goes in the wrong direction?
What if Earth's atmosphere started to behave like a too-hot greenhouse? We cannot open Earth's windows or doors to cool it off.
What if Fadil sees me?
What if I accidentally nail a sentence which is copyrighted?
What if I am a Native American?
What if I am poor?
What if I asked you to stay?
What if I can't handle it?
What if I die in battle tomorrow?
What if I disagree?
What if I don't buy that car?
What if I don't pass?
What if I fail?
What if I forget to remove my tampon?
What if I gave a speech and nobody came?
What if I get caught?
What if I had the same hair style as this guy?
What if I help you with Portuguese and English, and you help me study your native language?
What if I leave the refrigerator door open instead of using the AC?
What if I lose him forever?
What if I lose my job? What will you do?
What if I lose?
What if I lost my job? What would you do?
What if I make a fool of myself?
What if I make the wrong choice?
What if I painted it green?
What if I refuse?
What if I say "no"?
What if I say I'll never surrender?
What if I say no?
What if I say that I'll never surrender?
What if I see a shark?
What if I told you I can't do that?
What if I told you I really want to be a teacher?
What if I told you I'm Muslim?
What if I want it more than he does?
What if I was right?
What if I'm asleep when I wake up?
What if I'm my brother's hatter? Yes, I am, but is he my brother?
What if I'm not lucky?
What if I'm pregnant and I haven't had chickenpox?
What if I'm right?
What if I'm wrong?
What if Japanese adopted simplified Chinese characters?
What if Mongolia didn't become its own country?
What if Sami knows about that?
What if Scotland was independent?
What if Tom and I are right?
What if Tom and I are wrong?
What if Tom and Mary are right?
What if Tom and Mary are telling the truth?
What if Tom and Mary are wrong?
What if Tom and Mary aren't telling the truth?
What if Tom and Mary don't come back?
What if Tom and Mary don't do that?
What if Tom and Mary don't like me?
What if Tom and Mary don't make it?
What if Tom and Mary don't want to do that?
What if Tom and Mary don't want to talk to me?
What if Tom and Mary say no?
What if Tom and Mary were right?
What if Tom and Mary were still alive?
What if Tom asks you for it? Will you refuse?
What if Tom can't handle it?
What if Tom cheats?
What if Tom comes back?
What if Tom comes?
What if Tom did do that?
What if Tom did that?
What if Tom didn't do it?
What if Tom dies?
What if Tom disagrees?
What if Tom doesn't agree?
What if Tom doesn't call?
What if Tom doesn't come back?
What if Tom doesn't come?
What if Tom doesn't do it?
What if Tom doesn't do that?
What if Tom doesn't do what we ask?
What if Tom doesn't know what to do?
What if Tom doesn't like me?
What if Tom doesn't like the gift I give him?
What if Tom doesn't make it?
What if Tom doesn't want to do that?
What if Tom doesn't want to talk to me?
What if Tom dumps me?
What if Tom failed?
What if Tom fails?
What if Tom falls?
What if Tom finds out?
What if Tom finds them?
What if Tom had never started this?
What if Tom hadn't heard my voice at that time? What in the world would have happened? Just thinking about it gives me the chills.
What if Tom hadn't helped us? What then?
What if Tom hurts Mary?
What if Tom insists on doing that?
What if Tom insists?
What if Tom is alive?
What if Tom is right?
What if Tom is still alive?
What if Tom is telling the truth?
What if Tom is wrong?
What if Tom isn't at home?
What if Tom isn't home?
What if Tom isn't telling the truth?
What if Tom knows about that?
What if Tom lied to us?
What if Tom needed it?
What if Tom needs it?
What if Tom quits? What will we do?
What if Tom refuses?
What if Tom said no?
What if Tom saw us?
What if Tom says no?
What if Tom says yes?
What if Tom sees it?
What if Tom sees me?
What if Tom sees us?
What if Tom sees you?
What if Tom shows up?
What if Tom starts asking questions?
What if Tom was kidnapped?
What if Tom was lying?
What if Tom was one of us?
What if Tom was right?
What if Tom were still alive?
What if Tom wins?
What if Tom won't sign it?
What if Tom's plan doesn't work?
What if Venus used to be like Earth?
What if Zelda was a girl?
What if Ziri comes back?
What if Ziri died?
What if Ziri was lying?
What if a 2D being could perceive glimpses of three-dimensional space? Would it make sense to them?
What if all days were Saturday?
What if every day were Saturday?
What if he comes back now?
What if he didn't bluff?
What if he doesn't come?
What if he doesn't want to talk to me?
What if he fails?
What if he insists?
What if he just wants to sleep with me?
What if he killed someone?
What if he laughs at me?
What if he lived?
What if he really is ill?
What if he says no?
What if he says yes?
What if he should fail?
What if he should happen to be late?
What if he should happen to come late?
What if he starts asking questions?
What if he was actually telling the truth?
What if he's right?
What if he's telling the truth?
What if he's with another girl right now?
What if he's wrong?
What if hijackers should appear?
What if it breaks?
What if it continued for ever?
What if it continued forever?
What if it doesn't work?
What if it is my last chance?
What if it leaks?
What if it was all nothing but wishful thinking? Would it make everything unreal?
What if it was just a tiff between two friends?
What if it was serious?
What if it wasn't really Michael?
What if it's about something else?
What if it's not a hypothetical question?
What if it's not enough?
What if it's poisonous?
What if it's too late?
What if it’s a bathing suit?
What if joy was the only emotion we had?
What if my NHS dental treatment goes wrong?
What if my mom says no?
What if my parents find out?
What if my red is your yellow, and my yellow is your blue?
What if no one bought anything on Black Friday?
What if nothing happens?
What if one of you gets hurt?
What if our fingers each had five fingers on the end of them?
What if our fingers each had two arms on the end of them?
What if our kid’s science teacher, or our friendly neighbor turns out to be a Dreamer? Where are we supposed to send her? To a country she doesn’t know or remember, with a language she may not even speak?
What if our plan doesn't work?
What if people weren't held accountable for what they did?
What if she actually had no other choice?
What if she actually knew everything?
What if she doesn't come?
What if she doesn't like me?
What if she doesn't want to talk to me?
What if she has another panic attack?
What if she laughs at me?
What if she leaves me again?
What if she lived?
What if she says no?
What if she says yes?
What if she starts asking questions?
What if she won't give it to you?
What if she's gone for good?
What if she's right?
What if she's telling the truth?
What if she's wrong?
What if somebody saw this?
What if somebody sees you?
What if someone catches us?
What if someone finds out?
What if someone kidnapped Tom? What would you do?
What if someone killed Tom? What would you do?
What if someone saw us?
What if someone sees it?
What if someone sees this?
What if someone sees us together?
What if someone sees us?
What if something gets broken?
What if something goes wrong?
What if something had happened to Tom?
What if something happened to Tom?
What if something happened to Tom? What then?
What if something happened to Ziri's sister?
What if something happened to her?
What if something happened to him?
What if something happened to them?
What if something happens to Tom?
What if something happens to them?
What if something happens to you?
What if something horrible happens to me?
What if something horrible happens to you?
What if something went wrong?
What if that isn't true?
What if that was Lukas?
What if the Statue of Liberty was made out of gold?
What if the baby is mine?
What if the bus is late?
What if the cake doesn't rise?
What if the good guys were really the bad guys?
What if the hot-water bottle bursts?
What if the library had everything?
What if the parachute doesn't open?
What if the plan doesn't work?
What if the problem is Tom?
What if the problem is her?
What if the problem is him?
What if the problem is me?
What if the problem is them?
What if the problem is us?
What if the problem is you?
What if the problem isn't Tom?
What if the problem isn't her?
What if the problem isn't him?
What if the problem isn't them?
What if the rainy season should set in tomorrow.
What if the rainy season should set in tomorrow?
What if the same thing happened to Mark?
What if the scheme doesn't work out?
What if the scheme doesn’t work out?
What if the universe is infinite?
What if the unthinkable should happen?
What if the war in Ukraine stretches on for years?
What if there actually was a bomb on the train?
What if there be five less than fifty just persons? wilt thou for five and forty destroy the whole city: And he said: I will not destroy it, if I find five and forty.
What if there is no pandemic?
What if there was someone in the tent?
What if there were a town full of smiles?
What if there's a fire?
What if there's a leak?
What if they attack Tom?
What if they cheat?
What if they don't come?
What if they don't like me?
What if they don't like my presents?
What if they find out?
What if they heard you?
What if they kill Tom?
What if they kill her?
What if they kill him?
What if they kill you?
What if they misinform you?
What if they said no?
What if they saw us?
What if they say no?
What if they see us?
What if they start asking questions?
What if they think I'm stupid?
What if they're alive?
What if they're not at home?
What if they're not home?
What if they're right?
What if they're wrong?
What if things don't work out?
What if this is my last chance?
What if this is our last chance to do this?
What if this was Paul?
What if tomorrow Nancy and Jules won't want to share in the spoils?
What if we all are brains in vats and every sensory perception is illusionary?
What if we all joined forces?
What if we are not alone?
What if we could turn back time?
What if we don't find Tom?
What if we don't find her?
What if we don't find him?
What if we don't find them?
What if we drank a beer?
What if we get caught?
What if we get lost without you, Fadil?
What if we kissed?
What if we sent Tom there?
What if we should fail?
What if we take a different approach?
What if we take some pictures?
What if we're seen together?
What if we're stuck here for ever?
What if what Tom does isn't good enough? What'll we do then?
What if what Tom does isn’t good enough? What’ll we do then?
What if you asked Tom?
What if you become ill?
What if you could check out, say, machinery at the library?
What if you could control your car, turn on your oven or sign your name by touching an invisible screen?
What if you could get a sander at the library?
What if you could go to the library and check out a tractor?
What if you could use your cell phone to go online and make your medical appointments, request prescription refills or ask your doctor a question?
What if you did do it?
What if you fall asleep?
What if you fall?
What if you forget?
What if you gave a speech and nobody came?
What if you get caught?
What if you get ill?
What if you go instead of me?
What if you just couldn't stop typing?
What if you just couldn’t stop typing?
What if you lived in Algiers?
What if you lose it?
What if you lost your job. What would you do?
What if you lost your life in Iraq?
What if you make yourself ill? An unbalanced diet leads to all kinds of sicknesses.
What if you ran a lighter under it?
What if you regret it?
What if you were able to buy the house you've always dreamed of?
What if you were given a chance to change the past?
What if you were stuck on Mars all by yourself?
What if you're not wrong?
What if you're right, and they're wrong?
What if you're right?
What if you're taken ill?
What if you're wrong?
What if your parents find out?
What if your plan doesn't work?
What illness do I have?
What image did you have in mind as you painted this picture?
What image did you want to introduce on that picture?
What images does France conjure up for you?
What images does the name "Tom" conjure up for you?
What importance did Nationalism have?
What important message do you want readers to take away?
What impressed Tom the most?
What impressed me most was the blue sky.
What impressed me the most was the blue sky.
What impressed me was the blue sky.
What impressed you most?
What impressed you the most?
What impresses me the most about China is Chinese food.
What impresses you most about Tom?
What impression did you form of him?
What impression do you have of Australia?
What impression do you have of China?
What impression do you have of me?
What improvements can I make to my appearance?
What improvements have been made so far?
What improvements have you made?
What impudence!
What impudence! I will make a complaint!
What in God's green earth is Tom talking about?
What in all hell did you do?
What in all the world is that?
What in heaven's name is going on here?
What in life is important to you?
What in tarnation?
What in the heck are you trying to say?
What in the hell are you doing in my room?
What in the hell is this?
What in the name of all that is holy happened here?
What in the name of all things holy is going on here?
What in the name of filth is this?
What in the name of heaven has happened here?
What in the world are they saying?!
What in the world are you doing here?
What in the world are you doing?
What in the world are you getting at?
What in the world are you up to?
What in the world did Tom mean?
What in the world did you buy?
What in the world do the Japanese know about living? From the moment they enter elementary school, they try their hardest to power through the days. They think life begins after that. Once they're out of school and get a job, they work to get it done. They think life begins after that. But life doesn't begin after that.
What in the world do you think you're doing?
What in the world do you think you’re doing?
What in the world do you want to do?
What in the world does Tom mean?
What in the world does Tom see in Mary?
What in the world does he mean?
What in the world does that mean?
What in the world got into you that you thought it was acceptable to do that?
What in the world got into you?
What in the world happened here?
What in the world happened?
What in the world has happened to Tom?
What in the world is going on here?
What in the world is going on?
What in the world is that?
What in the world is this?
What in the world upset my adorable sister so?
What in the world upset my little sister so much?
What in the world upset my little sister so?
What in the world was I thinking?
What in the world!
What incredible memories!
What infections can I catch through oral sex?
What influenced him to become a Muslim?
What influenced your decision?
What influences your decisions and actions?
What information are you requesting?
What information do you need?
What information do you require?
What information do you want?
What infuriated Tom so much?
What ingredients do you need for the chocolate cake?
What inheritance are you talking about?
What inheritance is Sami talking about?
What insects do people eat?
What insects have you eaten?
What inspired Tom to do that?
What inspired Ziri to do that video?
What inspired that idea?
What inspired you the most?
What inspired you to become a doctor?
What inspired you to do that?
What inspired you to do this?
What inspired you to learn French?
What inspired you to travel around the world?
What inspired you to write this song?
What inspired you?
What inspired your project?
What inspires you most?
What inspires you the most?
What inspires you?
What instrument does Agnes Obel play?
What instrument does Tom play?
What instruments could Bach play?
What instruments did Verdi play as a boy?
What instruments do Tom and Mary play?
What instruments do you know how to play?
What instruments do you play?
What instruments does Tom play?
What interests me greatly is astronomy.
What interests me isn't always what matters to me.
What interests me the most is astronomy.
What international organizations does the UEA have official relations with?
What international organizations does the Universal Esperanto Association have official relations with?
What irritated Tom so much?
What is "American football" called in English?
What is "American football" in English?
What is "Tatoeba"? Is it some kind of new trend?
What is "dog" in that language?
What is "language ecology"?
What is "man"?
What is "wabi-sabi"?
What is 'terpomo'? An apple in the ground, or a potato?
What is 17 plus 60?
What is 2 + 2?
What is 5814 rounded to the nearest thousand?
What is 6 subtracted from 10?
What is AWS?
What is Aaronic Priesthood?
What is Algeria doing to resolve this issue?
What is Algeria famous for?
What is Algeria like?
What is Algeria's GDP?
What is Algeria's growth rate?
What is Algeria's inflation rate?
What is Ankara like as a city?
What is Anne doing?
What is Antonio doing?
What is Area 51?
What is Assembla?
What is Boston famous for?
What is Buddha-nature?
What is Buddhism, and what do Buddhists believe?
What is Business finance?
What is California? California is an American state.
What is Caoimhe doing?
What is Caoimhín doing?
What is China trying to achieve in Algeria?
What is Christianity, and what do Christians believe?
What is Christianity?
What is Christmas called in your mother tongue?
What is Ciarán doing?
What is Claudio doing up so late?
What is Fadil waiting for?
What is Finance?
What is Freedom Flotilla?
What is GNP an abbreviation for?
What is Gabor doing out at this time of night?
What is Germany's highest mountain?
What is Gestalt Therapy?
What is God after all? An eternal child playing an eternal game in an eternal garden.
What is God?
What is Google for?
What is Google used for?
What is Halloween?
What is Hinduism, and what do Hindus believe?
What is ISIS?
What is Ido?
What is Islam, and what do Muslims believe?
What is Islam?
What is Islamophobia?
What is James doing at the abandoned sawmill.
What is James talking about Amanda?
What is Jane going to do tomorrow morning?
What is Japan noted for?
What is Joe Biden's responsibility in the outbreak of the Russo-Ukrainian War?
What is John doing now?
What is John doing right now?
What is Judaism, and what do Jews believe?
What is Judaism?
What is Julian Assange being accused of?
What is Ken doing now?
What is Ken eating?
What is Layla doing here?
What is Layla doing in Sami's room?
What is Mallaidh doing?
What is Mary afraid of?
What is Mary so scared of?
What is Mary's favourite series?
What is Maths good for?
What is Michael doing out here at night?
What is Morocco up to?
What is Mr. Johnson's first name?
What is Mr. Johnson’s first name?
What is Oisín doing?
What is Operation Cast Lead?
What is PALS (Patient Advice and Liaison Service)?
What is RNA?
What is Rima cooking?
What is Rob like?
What is Romanticism?
What is Russia's capital?
What is Saoirse doing?
What is Sikhism, and what do Sikhs believe?
What is Skura doing here?
What is Sparta?
What is Taiwan's strategy to counter a Chinese invasion?
What is Tatoeba?
What is Telegram?
What is Thomas working on now?
What is Tom afraid of?
What is Tom after?
What is Tom complaining about?
What is Tom doing here?
What is Tom doing here? I thought he was in Europe.
What is Tom doing in Hungary?
What is Tom doing in his room?
What is Tom doing now?
What is Tom doing with that dog?
What is Tom doing with that?
What is Tom doing wrong?
What is Tom doing?
What is Tom eating?
What is Tom eating? Soup?
What is Tom expecting Mary to do?
What is Tom guilty of?
What is Tom here for?
What is Tom holding in his hand?
What is Tom implying?
What is Tom like?
What is Tom meaning to say?
What is Tom reading?
What is Tom really like?
What is Tom running away from?
What is Tom so afraid of?
What is Tom so mad about?
What is Tom still doing here?
What is Tom still waiting for?
What is Tom supposed to do with that?
What is Tom supposed to do?
What is Tom supposed to help us with?
What is Tom supposed to say?
What is Tom talking about now?
What is Tom to you?
What is Tom trying to accomplish?
What is Tom trying to prove?
What is Tom trying to say?
What is Tom trying to tell me?
What is Tom up to?
What is Tom's GPA?
What is Tom's attitude to this?
What is Tom's girlfriend's name?
What is Tom's job exactly?
What is Tom's last name?
What is Tom's problem?
What is Tom's ranch really like?
What is Tom's real name?
What is Tom's real purpose?
What is Tom's shoe size?
What is Tom's side of the story?
What is Tom's social security number?
What is Tom?
What is Tony doing?
What is WhatsApp?
What is Wikipedia?
What is William apologizing for?
What is Yanni doing here?
What is Yanni like?
What is Ziri doing down here?
What is Ziri doing for dinner tonight?
What is Ziri doing here?
What is Ziri doing with Rima's photo album?
What is Ziri doing wrong?
What is Ziri grumbling about here?
What is a Buddhist?
What is a Christmas market?
What is a Google?
What is a UFO?
What is a basher?
What is a bird?
What is a book that everyone needs to read and why?
What is a boutique hotel?
What is a broom?
What is a calculator?
What is a cancer cell like?
What is a child, monsieur, but the image of two beings, the fruit of two sentiments spontaneously blended?
What is a chord progression?
What is a club in any case? Not the buildings or the directors or the people who are paid to represent it. It’s not the television contracts, get-out clauses, marketing departments or executive boxes. It’s the noise, the passion, the feeling of belonging, the pride in your city. It’s a small boy clambering up stadium steps for the very first time, gripping his father’s hand, gawping at that hallowed stretch of turf beneath him and, without being able to do a thing about it, falling in love.
What is a community?
What is a computer?
What is a conlang?
What is a covalent bond?
What is a crab?
What is a craft?
What is a cynic? A man who knows the price of everything, and the value of nothing.
What is a daith piercing?
What is a dialect?
What is a dynasty?
What is a fax?
What is a fine?
What is a fish?
What is a flat-earther?
What is a food that you've always wanted to try?
What is a free translation?
What is a friend? A soul that lives in two bodies.
What is a friend? One soul in two bodies.
What is a furry?
What is a gadget?
What is a garden?
What is a goal you set for yourself recently?
What is a god?
What is a good drink for you?
What is a good life?
What is a graph database?
What is a haiku?
What is a healthy food?
What is a hippogryph?
What is a hominid?
What is a human being?
What is a hurricane?
What is a joke?
What is a language, actually?
What is a language?
What is a language? It's a dialect with an army and a navy.
What is a life worth living?
What is a life worth to you?
What is a lujvo in Lojban?
What is a man without ideals?
What is a meteor?
What is a meteorite?
What is a monetary penalty?
What is a nice girl like you doing in a bad place like this?
What is a nulliparous woman?
What is a nurse?
What is a pacemaker?
What is a palindrome?
What is a pandemic?
What is a pendulum?
What is a penguin?
What is a person?
What is a pig?
What is a planetary year?
What is a pomegranate?
What is a postal code?
What is a postcode?
What is a prehistoric human?
What is a presentation?
What is a recession exactly?
What is a religious cult?
What is a religious sect?
What is a selkie?
What is a sensible life?
What is a simple definition of science?
What is a slogan?
What is a space elevator?
What is a sphinx?
What is a spinet?
What is a spirit?
What is a strong password?
What is a tensor?
What is a think factory?
What is a think tank?
What is a trade?
What is a truck?
What is a typical British dinner?
What is a vampire?
What is a verb?
What is a watt?
What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered.
What is a whale?
What is a word?
What is a workman without his tools?
What is a young lady like you doing out here all by herself?
What is a young lady like you doing out here?
What is a zip code?
What is absolute zero in centigrade?
What is acceptable for Tom isn't acceptable for us.
What is acquired through violence can only be kept with violence.
What is actually culture?
What is age of retirement?
What is air?
What is all that stuff?
What is all that?
What is all the fuss about?
What is all this bother about?
What is all this for?
What is all this madness for?!
What is all this pathos for?
What is all this rumpus about?
What is all this screaming?
What is all this stuff?
What is all this, literature? I hate it!
What is all this?
What is all this? What happened?
What is alternative energy?
What is an Anglicism?
What is an abacus used for?
What is an abacus?
What is an airplane's maximum altitude?
What is an anger management problem?
What is an asteroid?
What is an auto-da-fé?
What is an autobiography?
What is an endurance test?
What is an essential component of making money?
What is an individual?
What is an ionic bond?
What is an obelisk?
What is an onomatopoeia?
What is an open folder?
What is an orgasm?
What is an oyster shooter?
What is and what isn't; the man is but a dream.
What is apathy? Certainly nothing earth-shaking.
What is argumentation?
What is art?
What is art? Nature concentrated.
What is artistic sensibility?
What is aspirin made of?
What is asserted without evidence may be dismissed without evidence.
What is astronomy?
What is at issue in this debate is the survival of our planet.
What is authenticity?
What is aventurine?
What is bad weather to you?
What is beautiful is not always good.
What is beauty?
What is behind that door?
What is behind us?
What is being said about this case?
What is better than friendship?
What is better than health?
What is better than one bowl of popcorn and one of ice cream?
What is better than power?
What is better than sentences to get acquainted?
What is between you and Tom?
What is beyond remedy should be beyond remark.
What is biokinesis?
What is biology?
What is blood made up of?
What is blood pressure?
What is bothering you so much?
What is bothering you?
What is bred in the bone will come out in the blood.
What is built on lies collapses.
What is bullfighting?
What is butter made of?
What is carnelian?
What is cartilage?
What is catnip?
What is causing colony collapse disorder?
What is causing this?
What is causing you such pain?
What is celebrated in Germany on 3 October?
What is celebrated in Germany on the third of October?
What is certain is that I myself am not a Marxist.
What is changing in practice?
What is cheaper?
What is civilization?
What is clean will remain so; while what is dirty until the grime, it will be difficult to wash.
What is color?
What is coming is not making me happy.
What is communication?
What is conceived well is expressed clearly.
What is conjugation?
What is consciousness and why did it evolve?
What is consciousness?
What is considered impolite in one language may not be considered impolite in another language.
What is cooking in the kitchen?
What is copyright?
What is correct in one society may be wrong in another society.
What is cosmic radiation?
What is courage?
What is crime?
What is critical thinking?
What is cultural appropriation?
What is culture?
What is dark energy?
What is dark matter?
What is delayed may come later.
What is democracy?
What is destiny?
What is difficult about Japanese is how characters are used in its writing system.
What is difficult about Japanese is the writing system.
What is digital infinity?
What is done by night appears by day.
What is done cannot be undone.
What is done out of love always takes place beyond good and evil.
What is done today creates the conditions of the future.
What is driving economic growth in Algeria?
What is driving her?
What is driving them?
What is easier, to forgive or forget?
What is easy for us is difficult for Tom.
What is enough?
What is especially important is the observation of the traditional values.
What is essential is invisible to the eye.
What is essential?
What is eternal in nature when everything is so ephemeral?
What is eternal, is circular, and what is circular, is eternal.
What is even going on?
What is everyone clapping about?
What is everyone looking at?
What is exactly going on with aliens being so obsessed with me?
What is extra in them?
What is failure but humiliation, when it doesn't inspire the genius to overcome old barriers?
What is falafel and how is it made?
What is farofa?
What is fear?
What is financial management?
What is five plus five?
What is food absorption?
What is for dessert?
What is for dinner today?
What is for dinner tomorrow?
What is for sale?
What is frankincense, anyway? Some sort of monster?
What is free translation?
What is freedom of panorama?
What is freedom of speech?
What is freedom?
What is frustrating Mark?
What is fun to do around here?
What is going on down there?
What is going on here?
What is going on in Algeria today?
What is going on in Algeria?
What is going on there now?
What is going on today?
What is going on up there?
What is going on with Tatoeba lately?
What is going on with Ziri?
What is going on?
What is going on? What happened?
What is going to become of us?
What is going to happen to me now?
What is going to happen to our way of life?
What is good for Tom isn't good for me.
What is good for me may be bad for you.
What is good for you is good for me.
What is good to do cannot be done too soon.
What is grammatically correct may still not be clearly understood.
What is graphene?
What is graven on a stone isn't written for no reason.
What is gynaecomastia?
What is haemoglobin?
What is happening at the present time in the dispute over place-name signs in Carinthia is grotesque.
What is happening in France?
What is happening in Italy?
What is happening in Ukraine?
What is happening in the Djurdjura Mountains?
What is happening is amazing.
What is happening out there?
What is happening there?
What is happening to me?
What is happening to me? Am I losing my personality?
What is happening to us?
What is happening when people die?
What is happening?
What is happening? Did I die and I'm arriving in paradise?
What is happiness to you, Tom?
What is happiness to you?
What is happiness?
What is hard to put up with is his over-politeness.
What is hard to understand?
What is hateful to you, do not do to your fellow.
What is hateful to you, do not do to your fellow: this is the whole Torah; the rest is the explanation; go and learn.
What is having them so excited?
What is he afraid of?
What is he after?
What is he aiming at?
What is he amazed by?
What is he angry about?
What is he cooking?
What is he currently doing?
What is he doing at the moment?
What is he doing in Algiers?
What is he doing in Kabylie?
What is he doing in his room?
What is he doing now?
What is he doing there?
What is he doing this summer?
What is he doing with her?
What is he doing with his hands around Skura's neck?
What is he doing?
What is he drinking?
What is he driving at?
What is he eating?
What is he famous for?
What is he feeling?
What is he goin' to do?
What is he goin' to make?
What is he going to do there?
What is he going to do?
What is he going to make?
What is he going to say?
What is he gonna do?
What is he gonna make?
What is he hiding?
What is he implying?
What is he learning?
What is he like?
What is he looking for?
What is he mad at, I wonder?
What is he on about?
What is he playing at?
What is he playing now?
What is he really like underneath his shell?
What is he running after?
What is he saying?
What is he so angry about?
What is he supposed to look like?
What is he talking about?
What is he talking about? It just doesn't make sense.
What is he talking about? It just doesn’t make sense.
What is he thinking!?
What is he thinking, this idiot!
What is he trying to do?
What is he trying to express?
What is he trying to hide?
What is he up to now?
What is he up to?
What is he waiting for?
What is he writing?
What is he?
What is health?
What is hell like?
What is hell? Hell is oneself.
What is hemoglobin?
What is her age?
What is her alignment?
What is her dog's name?
What is her e-mail address?
What is her email address?
What is her house like?
What is her husband like?
What is her job?
What is her name in your native language?
What is her name?
What is her nationality?
What is her older sister's name?
What is her problem?
What is her profession?
What is her shoe size?
What is her sickness?
What is her surname?
What is her teacher's name?
What is here was dangerous and repulsive to us.
What is high sensitivity?
What is his affiliation?
What is his age?
What is his alignment?
What is his business?
What is his character like?
What is his daily goal?
What is his destination?
What is his dog's name?
What is his e-mail address?
What is his email address?
What is his favorite national park?
What is his goal?
What is his job?
What is his message?
What is his name in your native language?
What is his name?
What is his nationality?
What is his older sister's name?
What is his problem?
What is his purpose for coming here?
What is his real name?
What is his shoe size?
What is his son's name?
What is his surname?
What is his teacher's name?
What is his wife like?
What is history?
What is human nature?
What is hurting you like this?
What is hypothetical may not be real.
What is ideology?
What is idiosyncrasy?
What is impolite in one culture may not be impolite in another.
What is important for you?
What is important in writing a composition is to make your ideas clear.
What is important in your life?
What is important is not how many books you read, but what books you read.
What is important is not what you do, but the way you do it.
What is important is not where the words come from, but rather whether they are understood.
What is important is not which university you've graduated from but what you've learned in the university.
What is important is not which university you’ve graduated from but what you’ve learned in the university.
What is important is seldom urgent and what is urgent is seldom important.
What is important is that they use their vote judiciously.
What is important is to keep this in mind.
What is important to you in life?
What is important, other than love?
What is important?
What is impossible for you could very well be possible for someone else.
What is in the backpack?
What is in the basin?
What is in the box?
What is in the desk?
What is in the drawer?
What is in the folder?
What is in the garden?
What is in the living room?
What is in the water?
What is in this box?
What is in this purse?
What is in this room?
What is in your hands?
What is included in each NHS dental band charge?
What is indispensable to our lives, along with food and clothes, is housing.
What is inside a word?
What is inside the box?
What is inside there?
What is intersectionality?
What is it Tom said?
What is it Yanni wants to do?
What is it about Algiers that makes it so special?
What is it about Tom that you dislike?
What is it about macarons that people like so much?
What is it about me that captured your heart?
What is it about power that consumes people so?
What is it about this place that you don't like?
What is it about?
What is it all about?
What is it based on?
What is it between you?
What is it called in Berber?
What is it called in your native language?
What is it called?
What is it exactly?
What is it famous for?
What is it for?
What is it like being famous?
What is it like in Australia?
What is it like in Boston?
What is it like in California?
What is it like living in Europe?
What is it like living in Germany?
What is it like living in your country?
What is it like to be a Muslim in the United States?
What is it like to be a Muslim woman in the United States?
What is it like to be a god?
What is it like to be a passenger in an autonomous car?
What is it like to be in love?
What is it like to be innocent?
What is it like to drive on the highway?
What is it like to live in the midst of a war zone?
What is it like?
What is it lying on?
What is it made of?
What is it now, Tom?
What is it now?
What is it really about?
What is it supposed to look like?
What is it that "isn't only you"?
What is it that "isn’t only you"?
What is it that Tom and Mary want to do?
What is it that Tom and Mary want?
What is it that Tom wants to do?
What is it that Tom wants to eat?
What is it that Tom wants?
What is it that alarms you?
What is it that bothers you?
What is it that determines the route a railway takes?
What is it that displeases you?
What is it that having one voice becomes four-legged and two-legged and three-legged?
What is it that impels people to vote for the FDP?
What is it that makes you think that way?
What is it that makes you want to leave Islam?
What is it that satisfies your aesthetic sense?
What is it that separates this from the sea?
What is it that sets our job apart?
What is it that we have to do?
What is it that we learned?
What is it that we're doing here?
What is it that we’re waiting for?
What is it that you do, exactly?
What is it that you don't know?
What is it that you got?
What is it that you have to do?
What is it that you like about Boston?
What is it that you like about him?
What is it that you like about it?
What is it that you liked about her?
What is it that you liked about him?
What is it that you need right now?
What is it that you need?
What is it that you really want to say?
What is it that you really want?
What is it that you saw exactly?
What is it that you want from me?
What is it that you want me to do for you?
What is it that you want me to do now?
What is it that you want me to do?
What is it that you want me to understand? That you're really sorry?
What is it that you want to achieve, whatever it takes, before you die?
What is it that you want to ask me?
What is it that you want to know?
What is it that you want, Tom?
What is it that you want?
What is it that you wish?
What is it that you'd like me to do exactly?
What is it that you'd like to ask Tom?
What is it that you're afraid of?
What is it that you're looking for?
What is it that you're trying to say?
What is it that you've wanted to tell someone, but didn't, and is now a big burden for you?
What is it then?
What is it this time?
What is it used for?
What is it we learned?
What is it with you and Tom?
What is it with you and her?
What is it with you and him?
What is it with you and motorbikes?
What is it with you and them?
What is it with you people?
What is it with you today?
What is it with you, Tom?
What is it with you, anyway?
What is it with you?
What is it with your accent?
What is it you are looking for?
What is it you call yourself?
What is it you do again?
What is it you do for a living?
What is it you do here exactly?
What is it you do?
What is it you got?
What is it you guys are doing?
What is it you have against Tom?
What is it you have in mind?
What is it you have in your hand?
What is it you have to do?
What is it you hope to buy?
What is it you hope to find?
What is it you kids do?
What is it you like about Tom?
What is it you like about her?
What is it you like about him?
What is it you like about me?
What is it you like about them?
What is it you like about us?
What is it you need, Tom?
What is it you need?
What is it you propose to do?
What is it you propose?
What is it you really want to tell me?
What is it you really want?
What is it you think I can do for Tom?
What is it you think I did to Tom?
What is it you think I did?
What is it you want from me?
What is it you want me to do?
What is it you want most?
What is it you want right now?
What is it you want to ask me?
What is it you want to buy?
What is it you want to do?
What is it you want to know?
What is it you want to sell to us?
What is it you want to talk about?
What is it you want to tell me?
What is it you want to tell us?
What is it you want, Tom?
What is it you want, brother?
What is it you want?
What is it you wanted to tell me, yesterday?
What is it you wanted to tell me?
What is it you wish to buy?
What is it you'd like me to do exactly?
What is it you'd like me to do?
What is it you'd like me to say exactly?
What is it you'd like to know?
What is it you're afraid of?
What is it you're asking me to do?
What is it you're doing?
What is it you're looking for?
What is it you're trying to say?
What is it — a crime?
What is it, Mary? What's wrong?
What is it, Mennad?
What is it, Tom?
What is it, Tom? What's wrong?
What is it, Yanni?
What is it, darling?
What is it, dear?
What is it, honey?
What is it, my dear?
What is it, then?
What is it?
What is it? You don't look happy.
What is its cost?
What is its function?
What is its price?
What is its purpose?
What is jihad?
What is joy?
What is justice?
What is knowledge?
What is lacking is not only money but also the will to make decisions and implement them.
What is learned in the cradle is carried to the tomb.
What is left for me to do now?
What is left for them now?
What is left for us to do now?
What is left to hide now?
What is legal is not always just, and what is just is not always legal.
What is legitimate journalism? It is news that has been verified by an independent organization that is accountable for the information.
What is liberty?
What is life but a series of coincidences?
What is life like in Algeria?
What is life like in Boston?
What is life like where you live?
What is life without love?
What is life without the radiance of love?
What is life's greatest pleasure?
What is life?
What is lighter: a kilo of gold or a kilo of silver?
What is liquid?
What is literature?
What is love about?
What is love for them?
What is love for you?
What is love good for?
What is love?
What is love? To tell the truth, I still don't know what it is.
What is luck?
What is lurking in the shadows?
What is made by your mother-in-law?
What is making this sound?
What is making you sad?
What is man's most basic need?
What is man's ultimate destiny?
What is man, when you come to think upon him, but a minutely set, ingenious machine for turning, with infinite artfulness, the red wine of Shiraz into urine?
What is man? Anyway, not what he likes to think he is: the crowning glory of creation.
What is man’s ultimate destiny?
What is mathematics good for?
What is meant by forsaking all?
What is meant by that?
What is microeconomics?
What is mightier than force?
What is mightier than health?
What is missing in this car?
What is missing?
What is modern slavery?
What is monotropism?
What is more beautiful than the smile of a child?
What is more divine than reason?
What is more important than quality?
What is more important than this?
What is more important to you; me or your work?
What is more important, the will or the way to achieve a goal?
What is more inhumane than human sacrifice?
What is more interesting for Tatoeba – showing a phrase translated into multiple languages, or displaying a collection of fluent polyglots in many languages?
What is more, he has a strong will.
What is morning sickness and how do toxins humans evolved with over billions of years disturb a developing fetus?
What is most beautiful in the world?
What is most important in life differs from person to person.
What is most important is your strong will to master English.
What is most necessary for young men today is to develop the habit of thinking for themselves.
What is most often repeated is not the truth, but lies.
What is most troublesome is the corruption of the best.
What is motivating Erdogan's westward shift?
What is music for you, listener, and for you, performer?
What is my IP address?
What is my IP?
What is my balance?
What is my doctor called?
What is my function?
What is my name?
What is my prize?
What is my purpose?
What is my room number?
What is my task?
What is nationalism? It is patriotism that has lost its nobility.
What is necessary is just to read the book, when free.
What is necessary?
What is necrotizing fasciitis?
What is needed is more time.
What is needed is practice.
What is needed to win a lawsuit?
What is needed?
What is negative right and positive right?
What is new?
What is normal?
What is not clear is not French.
What is not eternal is eternally outdated.
What is not pleasurable is not profitable.
What is numismatics?
What is nutrient absorption?
What is old age? First you forget names, then you forget faces, then you forget to pull your zipper up, then you forget to pull it down.
What is on Channel 10?
What is on at the theater this month?
What is on television today at 7:00 o'clock?
What is on the chicken deluxe sandwich?
What is on the desk?
What is on the tree?
What is on those notes?
What is on your face?
What is on your mind, Tom?
What is on your mind?
What is one and one?
What is one food that you could never give up?
What is one negative thing your last boss say about you?
What is one thing you miss about being a kid?
What is one thing you will never do again?
What is ontology and how is it used in technology?
What is onyx?
What is or is not considered polite varies from culture to culture.
What is oral sex?
What is our goal today?
What is our plan?
What is our problem?
What is our role in the universe?
What is our situation?
What is our weather?
What is out of the lips, is out of the citadel.
What is over there?
What is panpsychism?
What is peat?
What is peculiar to Japan at mealtimes is that people eat rice out of little bowls.
What is permitted to Jove is not permitted to an ox.
What is person-centered care?
What is philosophy's point?
What is philosophy?
What is plausible in a certain culture may not be plausible in another culture.
What is plausible?
What is playing at the theater?
What is polite in one culture may not be polite in another.
What is political science? From the "political," people will probably first associate it with the political incidents that enliven journalism.
What is pollen?
What is poorly conceived is difficult to state, and the words to say it happen in Flemish.
What is popular now?
What is pottery?
What is principle of equidistance?
What is prison slang?
What is property?
What is psychoanalysis?
What is psychology?
What is public property?
What is punk?
What is quantum cryptography?
What is quantum physics?
What is racism?
What is radiation?
What is radical Islam?
What is rain?
What is reality?
What is really going on between Tom and Mary?
What is really going on between Yanni and Skura?
What is really important to Phil Pfister is being a positive role model. He says he'd like to set up a mentoring program for West Virginia's youngsters. He has two messages for them: "take time to enjoy being a kid" and "stay drug-free."
What is reported in the paper is an obvious fact.
What is required here is discretion.
What is right and what is wrong?
What is right in one society can be wrong in another.
What is right is not certain.
What is running across the room? - A mouse or something.
What is sadness?
What is said about it?
What is said cannot be taken back.
What is said has to be clear.
What is said in the family stays in the family.
What is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.
What is science fiction technology in English?
What is science?
What is seen in movies and on TV is not trustworthy.
What is self-harm?
What is she about?
What is she afraid of?
What is she cooking?
What is she dancing to?
What is she digging?
What is she doing here?
What is she doing in Kabylie?
What is she doing in his office?
What is she doing now?
What is she doing out here?
What is she doing tomorrow?
What is she doing with him?
What is she doing?
What is she drinking?
What is she eating?
What is she giving you?
What is she going to call him?
What is she going to do there?
What is she going to do tomorrow?
What is she going to do, in your opinion?
What is she going to do?
What is she late for?
What is she like?
What is she putting into the bag?
What is she saying?
What is she selling?
What is she so curious about?
What is she so unhappy about?
What is she still doing upstairs?
What is she talking about?
What is she trying to hide?
What is she up to?
What is she wishing for?
What is she worried about?
What is shown in the above experiment is that the right hemisphere of the brain is not used at all.
What is shown on television is, as it were, a reflection of what society is like.
What is significant in this argument is that his theory can identify those phenomena.
What is slavery?
What is so fascinating about Tom?
What is so funny?
What is so great about dancing?
What is so interesting about Tom?
What is so interesting about that high school baseball game you have been watching on TV since the morning?
What is so special?
What is soap made of?
What is social justice?
What is socialism with Chinese characteristics?
What is some of your favorite new music right now?
What is something that you saw on a train that you will remember forever?
What is something that you use every day?
What is something you enjoy doing with your family?
What is something you fear the most in life?
What is something you've done but would never do again?
What is spooky action at a distance?
What is sporting your son?
What is still better is that the house has a beautiful garden.
What is strategy, really?
What is sukiyaki made of?
What is super technology in English?
What is taking so long?
What is taking them so long?
What is taking you so long?
What is tastier when freezer-burned?
What is tax?
What is tellurium used for?
What is that across the street?
What is that animal?
What is that awful noise?
What is that big building in front of us?
What is that big new building?
What is that bird in the tree?
What is that black material in the barge?
What is that book about?
What is that boy's problem?
What is that building whose door is painted white?
What is that building with the green roof?
What is that building?
What is that cat doing?
What is that dialect?
What is that even necessary for?
What is that exactly?
What is that foul odor?
What is that from?
What is that funny growth on Mary's chin?
What is that greasy stuff on your shirt?
What is that guy's problem?
What is that house built out of?
What is that huge building?
What is that in front of us?
What is that in the road?
What is that kind of cloud called?
What is that little mound in the middle of the field?
What is that made of?
What is that mourning cloak you're wearing?
What is that noise?
What is that novel's thickness?
What is that number?
What is that odor?
What is that on the plate?
What is that on the wall?
What is that on your t-shirt?
What is that over there?
What is that perfume you're wearing?
What is that person doing?
What is that protrusion? Is something hidden behind the curtain?
What is that pungent odor?
What is that smell?
What is that song called that Mr. Tsuji was singing in the TV show?
What is that sound?
What is that strange thing in your dog's mouth?
What is that stuff?
What is that suitable for?
What is that supposed to be?
What is that supposed to mean?
What is that there?
What is that thing in your right hand?
What is that thing on the wall?
What is that thing over there?
What is that thing?
What is that under your nose?
What is that vile odor?
What is that wonderful strength that I feel inside myself?
What is that you have in your right hand?
What is that, Tom? It sounds like someone crying.
What is that, my son?
What is that?
What is that? It sounds like someone crying.
What is that? It's a car.
What is the "@" symbol called in your language?
What is the @ sign called?
What is the Algerian government doing now?
What is the Algerian government doing to fight corruption?
What is the Algerian government going to do?
What is the Algerian government really trying to do?
What is the Australian ethos?
What is the Christmas gift we are giving to her?
What is the Cloud?
What is the English for "Saigen"?
What is the English for "kaisha"?
What is the English translation of this sentence?
What is the German for 'telephone'?
What is the Greek word for "owl"?
What is the Internet?
What is the Kingdom of God like? To what shall I compare it? It is like a grain of mustard seed, which a man took, and put in his own garden. It grew, and became a large tree, and the birds of the sky lodged in its branches.
What is the Latin teacher's name?
What is the Rosetta Stone?
What is the Smithsonian Institution?
What is the Tagalog word for "window"?
What is the Turkish equivalent of meditation?
What is the Turkish equivalent to meditation?
What is the United States doing about climate change?
What is the WiFi password?
What is the access number for this airlock door to the Martian surface?
What is the access number to open this gate to the beach?
What is the acreage of your ranch?
What is the active ingredient in Advil?
What is the active ingredient in Tylenol?
What is the active ingredient in aspirin?
What is the address of the new bookshop?
What is the advantage of that technology?
What is the advantage of this technology?
What is the advantage to this technology?
What is the adverbial form of this verb?
What is the age of the oldest?
What is the agreement?
What is the aim of Ursula von der Leyen with the migrant flows?
What is the air quality?
What is the altitude of the plateau?
What is the amount of money you spend?
What is the answer?
What is the appeal?
What is the area of this city?
What is the area of this house?
What is the arrival time?
What is the average age of this class?
What is the average height of the players?
What is the average life span in Japan?
What is the average price to rent a store here?
What is the average rainfall for July here?
What is the bad news?
What is the basis for the argument?
What is the basis for this claim?
What is the basis of your assumptions?
What is the batch size?
What is the best advice you've ever been given?
What is the best bilingual English-Romanian dictionary?
What is the best cheese in your opinion?
What is the best concert you've ever been to?
What is the best episode?
What is the best fertilizer for tomato plants?
What is the best fertilizer for tomatoes?
What is the best gift you have been given?
What is the best job you ever had?
What is the best martial art for self-defence?
What is the best piece of advice you've ever been given?
What is the best question to ask?
What is the best remedy for colds?
What is the best road to go?
What is the best season for whale watching?
What is the best solution?
What is the best thing that has ever happened to you?
What is the best time of year to visit the zoo?
What is the best way of getting food into the mouth?
What is the best way to analyze this data?
What is the best way to get there?
What is the best way to get to Copacabana beach?
What is the best way to get to Lisbon?
What is the best way to learn English?
What is the best way to learn a foreign language?
What is the best way to learn to speak English like a native speaker?
What is the best way to put an end to the war?
What is the best, most efficient and most profitable method to learn a language?
What is the biggest city in Georgia?
What is the biggest city in Greece?
What is the biggest word in Portuguese?
What is the body mass index (BMI)?
What is the book about?
What is the breadth of this road?
What is the building like?
What is the capital city of Bangladesh?
What is the capital of Australia?
What is the capital of Bangladesh?
What is the capital of Finland?
What is the capital of France?
What is the capital of Greece?
What is the capital of Haiti called?
What is the capital of Haiti?
What is the capital of Holland?
What is the capital of Hungary called?
What is the capital of Hungary?
What is the capital of Iowa?
What is the capital of Kyrgyzstan?
What is the capital of Madagascar?
What is the capital of New Hampshire?
What is the capital of Russia?
What is the capital of Sri Lanka?
What is the capital of Taiwan?
What is the capital of Turkmenistan?
What is the capital of her country?
What is the capital of his country?
What is the capital of the Netherlands?
What is the capital of the United States?
What is the capital of the country?
What is the capital of the state with the highest elevation?
What is the capital of your country?
What is the cat up to?
What is the cause of my condition?
What is the cause of such a failure?
What is the cause of the fire?
What is the cause?
What is the central aim of this plan?
What is the charge for cleaning overcoats?
What is the charge for extra luggage?
What is the cheapest restaurant around here?
What is the chief aim of this society?
What is the child up to now?
What is the circulation of this magazine?
What is the circumference of a circle?
What is the climate like in your country?
What is the climate on the island like?
What is the color of the Black Sea?
What is the color of the blood?
What is the color of the cheese?
What is the combination of the safe?
What is the combined population of all 50 states?
What is the command form of "haber"?
What is the common language in Peru?
What is the company's competitive advantage?
What is the company’s competitive advantage?
What is the conclusion?
What is the condition of agriculture in Algeria?
What is the content of this book?
What is the continent with the most people living on it in the world?
What is the core message you wish to deliver to readers?
What is the correct answer?
What is the correct aperture in this light?
What is the correct religion?
What is the correct size?
What is the cosmic web?
What is the cost of a beer?
What is the cost of exploration?
What is the cost of one litre tap water?
What is the cost of the cleaning?
What is the currency of Greece?
What is the currency of Taiwan?
What is the currency of your country?
What is the current date?
What is the current exchange rate?
What is the current month?
What is the cutest bat species?
What is the date of your birthday?
What is the date on Sunday?
What is the date today?
What is the date tomorrow?
What is the date?
What is the day of the week today?
What is the definition of development? Do you know?
What is the definition of electricity?
What is the definition of lifestyle disease?
What is the definition?
What is the degree of heft?
What is the delay?
What is the departure time?
What is the depth of the lake?
What is the depth of this lake?
What is the derivative of eˣ?
What is the diagnosis?
What is the difference between "make" and "do" in English?
What is the difference between "skill" and "ability" in English?
What is the difference between 'city' and 'town'?
What is the difference between 'fugginess' and 'smelliness'?
What is the difference between A and B?
What is the difference between Iaido and Kendo?
What is the difference between Islam and Christianity?
What is the difference between Islam and Judaism?
What is the difference between Malcolm and Mairy?
What is the difference between Pavlovo Posad and Orenburg shawls?
What is the difference between Tom and Mary?
What is the difference between a German optimist and a German pessimist? The optimist learns English; the pessimist learns Russian.
What is the difference between a bookshop in a small town and in a big city?
What is the difference between a causal relationship and a casual relationship?
What is the difference between a deluxe room and a standard room?
What is the difference between a discount store and a supermarket?
What is the difference between a gentleman and a boyar?
What is the difference between a lightning bolt and a lightning flash?
What is the difference between a metaphor and an amphora?
What is the difference between a piano and a fish?
What is the difference between a pigeon?
What is the difference between a samurai and a ninja?
What is the difference between a sentence and an utterance?
What is the difference between a stalactite and a stalagmite?
What is the difference between a table and a chair?
What is the difference between an all-you-can-eat convenience store and an ordinary grocery store in Germany?
What is the difference between beach sand and desert sand?
What is the difference between cremation and mummification?
What is the difference between dictatorship and monarchy?
What is the difference between empathy and sympathy?
What is the difference between flat and round characters?
What is the difference between heaths and heathers?
What is the difference between hedgehogs and porcupines?
What is the difference between imitation and real diamonds?
What is the difference between manhua, manhwa and manga?
What is the difference between raster and vector graphics?
What is the difference between reality and truth?
What is the difference between simplified Chinese and traditional Chinese?
What is the difference between the meaning of i'a and i'e?
What is the difference between the pharynx and larynx?
What is the difference between these concepts?
What is the difference between these two words?
What is the difference between this and that?
What is the difference?
What is the direction of the wind?
What is the dish of the day?
What is the distance across the pond?
What is the distance between New York and London?
What is the distance between here and there?
What is the distance from here to the station?
What is the distance from the Earth to the moon?
What is the doctor doing?
What is the dog's name?
What is the easiest language to learn?
What is the easiest way to learn English?
What is the effect of music?
What is the elephant's age?
What is the elevation of Death Valley?
What is the emergency number?
What is the emergency telephone number?
What is the emergency?
What is the entrance fee?
What is the equinox?
What is the escape velocity?
What is the essence of Zionism?
What is the essence of the soul?
What is the etymological root of this word?
What is the exact meaning of this word?
What is the exact time?
What is the exchange rate between the dollar and the euro?
What is the exchange rate for dollars now?
What is the exchange rate for the dollar?
What is the exchange rate of the Dollar against the Brazilian Real?
What is the exchange rate of the euro against the rupnu?
What is the exchange rate today?
What is the exchange rate?
What is the expiration date listed on the packaging?
What is the fare from Osaka to Akita?
What is the fastest aquatic animal?
What is the fastest car in the world?
What is the fastest land animal?
What is the favorite day of your life?
What is the feeling of being an only child?
What is the fifth goal?
What is the fifth thing?
What is the file extension?
What is the filling in these dumplings?
What is the film about?
What is the final amount?
What is the first business of one who practices philosophy? To get rid of self-conceit. For it is impossible for anyone to begin to learn that which he thinks he already knows.
What is the first chakra called?
What is the first letter of the alphabet?
What is the first novel that was written in Japanese?
What is the first rule?
What is the first song called?
What is the first thing you would do?
What is the formal name?
What is the frequency for Tatoeba Radio in Boston?
What is the fruit of the oak?
What is the fucking plan B?
What is the fuel mileage of this car?
What is the glycaemic index (GI)?
What is the goal for which we strive?
What is the goal of that action?
What is the goal of the Tavistock Institute?
What is the goddamn point of that?
What is the good of doing it?
What is the good of reading such books?
What is the grand total?
What is the great difference between supposing that God makes variable species or that he makes laws by which species vary?
What is the happiness of life?
What is the hard part of learning Japanese?
What is the hardest aspect of learning a new language? Listening skill is the hardest to acquire.
What is the hardest cheese?
What is the hardest language, in your view?
What is the harm in doing that?
What is the harm in trying?
What is the height of Mount McKinley?
What is the height of Mt. Everest?
What is the height of this mountain?
What is the height, length and width of the container?
What is the heliosheath?
What is the highest altitude an airplane can reach?
What is the highest level of education completed by your mother or guardian?
What is the highest level of school you completed?
What is the highest mountain in North America?
What is the highest point in Kansas?
What is the history of bread?
What is the history of the potato?
What is the hope for humankind if the smart people are a very small minority?
What is the ideal age to get married?
What is the ideal outside temperature for you? For me, it is about 20°C.
What is the imperative form of "haber?"
What is the inclement weather policy?
What is the incubation period?
What is the international vehicle registration code of Ireland?
What is the jacket made of?
What is the job description?
What is the joy of life?
What is the language spoken in Brazil?
What is the language spoken in Mexico?
What is the largest city in Michigan?
What is the largest country in South America?
What is the largest mammal in the world?
What is the largest mountain in Japan?
What is the largest organ in the human body? The answer may surprise you.
What is the largest prime number smaller than a googolplex?
What is the largest river in Germany called?
What is the last concert you saw?
What is the last letter of the alphabet?
What is the last thing you do before you go to sleep?
What is the latest news from Ukraine?
What is the latest news?
What is the leading cause of climate change?
What is the least visited country?
What is the length of this piece of cloth?
What is the length of this train?
What is the length?
What is the letter about?
What is the level of education of your parent or guardian?
What is the life expectancy for someone with HIV?
What is the lifespan of a blue whale?
What is the light's wavelength?
What is the likelihood of it happening within the next hour?
What is the likelihood of survival?
What is the likelihood of surviving?
What is the likelihood of your getting fired?
What is the loading capacity of that van?
What is the local time in New York?
What is the location of the country?
What is the logic of Zionism?
What is the longest day of the year?
What is the longest distance you've hiked?
What is the longest river in Japan?
What is the longest river in the world?
What is the longest road trip you've been on?
What is the longest word in the Kazakh language?
What is the lowest point in Mississippi?
What is the main attraction of the museum?
What is the main cause of the crime?
What is the main goal of this project?
What is the main industry in this town?
What is the main property of the triangle?
What is the main purpose of that plan?
What is the main purpose of this plan?
What is the main purpose of your studying English?
What is the main theme?
What is the man doing?
What is the man saying?
What is the matter of surprise in it?
What is the matter with him?
What is the matter with you?
What is the matter with your car?
What is the matter?
What is the maximum dosage for an adult?
What is the meaning of "a dog's life"?
What is the meaning of antidisestablishmentarianism?
What is the meaning of fighting without a sacrifice?
What is the meaning of life?
What is the meaning of meaning?
What is the meaning of my life?
What is the meaning of that word?
What is the meaning of the english word "Who"?
What is the meaning of the life?
What is the meaning of the word "get" in this sentence?
What is the meaning of this joke?
What is the meaning of this phrase?
What is the meaning of this sentence?
What is the meaning of this word?
What is the meaning of this, Jackson?
What is the meaning of this?
What is the melting point of water?
What is the membership fee?
What is the mileage on this car?
What is the minimum wage for 2021?
What is the minimum wage in Georgia?
What is the minimum wage in Greece?
What is the minimum wage in Italy?
What is the moral of the story?
What is the most beautiful language to speak about love?
What is the most beautiful place in the world?
What is the most beautiful thing in the world?
What is the most convenient route to your place?
What is the most delicious tasting grub?
What is the most exotic language you speak?
What is the most important thing in life?
What is the most important tool ever invented?
What is the most insane thing you've ever done?
What is the most popular movie now?
What is the most popular newspaper in your country?
What is the most popular paper in your country?
What is the most popular play now?
What is the most popular search engine?
What is the most popular sport in America?
What is the most popular sport in Bangladesh?
What is the most popular video in DTube?
What is the most popular video in YouTube?
What is the most populous city in Wyoming?
What is the most powerful prayer in the world?
What is the most powerful sentence in the world?
What is the most read book in the world?
What is the most romantic city in the world?
What is the most valuable thing that you own?
What is the most widely read newspaper in your country?
What is the motivation for you to drink water?
What is the movie about?
What is the mystery flavour?
What is the name and address of your closest relative?
What is the name for a sentence that contains all 26 letters of the alphabet?
What is the name of Senegal's capital?
What is the name of our CEO?
What is the name of that bird?
What is the name of that dog?
What is the name of that geranium on the window sill?
What is the name of that river?
What is the name of that sports club?
What is the name of that tree?
What is the name of the Greek god of the sun?
What is the name of the President of France?
What is the name of the boy wizard who has a scar on his head?
What is the name of the building whose roof you can see?
What is the name of the capital of Jordan?
What is the name of the first female judge of Bangladesh?
What is the name of the highest mountain in that country?
What is the name of the house in which Richard Wagner was born?
What is the name of the lady who must not be named?
What is the name of the largest island?
What is the name of the monthly magazine published by Bangla Academy?
What is the name of the mountain whose top is covered with snow?
What is the name of the movie?
What is the name of the next station?
What is the name of the restaurant?
What is the name of the song?
What is the name of this bird?
What is the name of this cheese?
What is the name of this flower?
What is the name of this restaurant?
What is the name of this river?
What is the name of this street?
What is the name of this tea?
What is the name of this tool?
What is the name of this vegetable?
What is the name of this village?
What is the name of your best friend?
What is the name of your brother?
What is the name of your child?
What is the name of your dog?
What is the name of your father?
What is the name of your health insurance fund?
What is the name of your husband?
What is the name of your mother?
What is the name of your pharmacy?
What is the name of your sister?
What is the name of your street?
What is the name of your teacher?
What is the name of your wife?
What is the national animal of Bangladesh?
What is the nationality of that cameraman over there?
What is the nationality of your parents? They are Mexican.
What is the nature of Zionism?
What is the nature of consciousness?
What is the nature of reality?
What is the nature of the Zionist project in Palestine?
What is the nature of the instruction that allows an organism to build a nose – any nose?
What is the nature of the soul?
What is the nature of time?
What is the new Lunar Year?
What is the new class like?
What is the new leader like?
What is the news?
What is the newspaper referring to?
What is the next class?
What is the next of the riddle?
What is the next station?
What is the next stop?
What is the next street after this?
What is the number of countries in Europe?
What is the number of guests?
What is the number of seats on this plane?
What is the number?
What is the objective?
What is the occasion for the upcoming stay, family vacation, friends reunion, etc?
What is the official language of Bangladesh?
What is the official language of your country?
What is the official name for this place?
What is the oldest profession in the world?
What is the opinion of a cultured, secular and sincere man?
What is the opposite of 'empty'?
What is the order of the planets in the Solar System?
What is the origin of the fire?
What is the origin of the universe?
What is the part you don't understand?
What is the passing score for this specialty this year?
What is the password of your computer?
What is the password to use the instant messenger?
What is the password to your computer?
What is the percentage of overseas markets for your products?
What is the pick up location?
What is the plan, exactly?
What is the planet called you live on?
What is the plural of bus?
What is the point of a blue apple in that painting? Your asking this very question.
What is the point of being angry?
What is the point of conquest?
What is the point of discovery?
What is the point of killing all these people?
What is the point of life anyway, said the young fool.
What is the point of you having children, if you think this world is just going to end?
What is the point?
What is the police doing in my house?
What is the police looking for?
What is the poorest country in the European Union?
What is the population density of New York?
What is the population density of the smallest state?
What is the population of Boston Massachusetts?
What is the population of France?
What is the population of Hyogo prefecture?
What is the population of India?
What is the population of Italy?
What is the population of Japan?
What is the population of New York?
What is the population of the country?
What is the precise meaning of "precise"?
What is the precise meaning of the word?
What is the president's plan?
What is the president’s plan?
What is the price for all of this?
What is the price for this?
What is the price of peace?
What is the price of that book?
What is the price of this cap?
What is the price of this radio?
What is the price of this watch?
What is the price?
What is the primary diet of a panda?
What is the principle reason for going to school?
What is the probability of life showing up on Earth?
What is the probability that at least two students have the same birthday?
What is the problem your company is trying to solve?
What is the problem, Jamal?
What is the problem?
What is the procedure for getting a visa?
What is the program of the Kabuki for next month?
What is the purpose of education?
What is the purpose of existence?
What is the purpose of it?
What is the purpose of life?
What is the purpose of mathematics?
What is the purpose of suffering?
What is the purpose of the stock market?
What is the purpose of this conversation?
What is the purpose of this essay?
What is the purpose of this policy?
What is the purpose of this sort of essay?
What is the purpose of this?
What is the purpose of your visit?
What is the quality of the water that the Palestinians drink in the occupied territories?
What is the question?
What is the racoon doing in the kitchen?
What is the radius of a hydrogen atom?
What is the rate per day?
What is the real cause of this tragedy?
What is the real color of the sky?
What is the real human nature?
What is the real meaning of life?
What is the reason for not listening to me?
What is the reason for separating male and female chess championships?
What is the reason for that lie?
What is the reason for this masquerade?
What is the reason for your visit?
What is the reason that Hamas is not afraid of Israel?
What is the reason why he came here?
What is the reason you want to enter this college?
What is the reason?
What is the reference of this text?
What is the relationship between politics and war?
What is the relationship between that and Tom?
What is the restaurant like?
What is the right size?
What is the right thing?
What is the right time?
What is the risk of infection from someone else's blood?
What is the river compared with the sea?
What is the role of chaos in life?
What is the role of the University in the modern society?
What is the role of the national human development watch?
What is the role of the national monitoring centre for human development?
What is the salt of the life?
What is the scale of this map?
What is the scientific name of the giant squid?
What is the seating capacity of the type of aircraft M80?
What is the second largest country in the world?
What is the secret of a happy marriage?
What is the secret of happiness?
What is the secret of health for both mind and body?
What is the secret of success?
What is the secret of the flavour?
What is the secret of the scorching corona, which is more than 300 times hotter than the Sun’s surface, thousands of miles below?
What is the secret to your success?
What is the sequential rule?
What is the serial number?
What is the shortest complete sentence in the English language?
What is the show about?
What is the situation in Boston?
What is the situation like?
What is the size of the universe?
What is the size of this district's greenery area?
What is the smallest distance ever measured?
What is the smallest island in the world?
What is the soil food web?
What is the solar minimum and solar maximum?
What is the solution for Europe?
What is the solution?
What is the sound of my tears falling into your eggs?
What is the sound of one hand clapping?
What is the sound of one hand not clapping?
What is the source of this?
What is the source of your anxiety?
What is the specialty food here?
What is the speed limit here?
What is the speed of light?
What is the square root of -1?
What is the square root of 2?
What is the square root of 4?
What is the square root of 67?
What is the square root of ?
What is the square root of a negative number?
What is the story?
What is the strangest thing you have ever eaten?
What is the strangest thing you've ever eaten?
What is the strangest thing you’ve ever eaten?
What is the student population at your college?
What is the subconscious?
What is the subject of your lecture?
What is the subjunctive of the verb "to be"?
What is the supreme being?
What is the symbol "@" called in your language?
What is the take away?
What is the tallest building in Japan?
What is the tallest mountain in Europe?
What is the tallest mountain in North America?
What is the tallest mountain in the world?
What is the teacher's last name?
What is the technical name of that paper with a rough texture?
What is the telephone number of the ambulance?
What is the temperature of the ice?
What is the temperature of the water in the pool?
What is the temperature there?
What is the temperature?
What is the thaler?
What is the theme of his latest novel?
What is the thickness of that novel?
What is the thirty-first of December called?
What is the time evolution of a system that is not quite in equilibrium?
What is the time now?
What is the time there?
What is the time?
What is the title of the book?
What is the title of the chapter?
What is the title of this book?
What is the title of this movie?
What is the title of your new book?
What is the total amount of money you spent?
What is the total amount?
What is the total area of Australia?
What is the total circulation of all the magazines in Japan?
What is the total number of pupils?
What is the total number of students?
What is the total price with all taxes included?
What is the traditional attire worn by men and women in Bangladesh called?
What is the translation of "政務顧問"?
What is the truth?
What is the ultimate purpose of education?
What is the unemployment rate at the moment?
What is the universe?
What is the use of beauty?
What is the use of being born!
What is the use of learning if you don't worship God or respect learned persons?
What is the use of making a giant pile of sentences, if nobody translates them later?
What is the use of mathematics?
What is the use of philosophy?
What is the use of reading magazines?
What is the use of truth for me when it is not mine?
What is the use of worrying?
What is the usual cause for the pain?
What is the value of an average home in your area?
What is the value of that house?
What is the voltage?
What is the warranty period?
What is the way to get to the mosque?
What is the way to get to the nursery?
What is the weather for tomorrow?
What is the weather forecast?
What is the weather in Athens?
What is the weather in Tokyo now?
What is the weather like in Japan?
What is the weather like next Sunday?
What is the weather like today?
What is the weather like?
What is the whole of science compared to a flower, a cloud, a drop of water's play of colours?
What is the width of this street?
What is the woman saying?
What is the world coming to?
What is the world's largest island?
What is the world's most populous country?
What is the world's richest country?
What is the worst gift you have received?
What is the worst thing that has ever happened to you?
What is the worth of a jar full of pennies?
What is the year of your car?
What is their address?
What is their favourite poem?
What is their goal?
What is their house like?
What is there a corpus maintainer for?
What is there behind that door?
What is there beyond the end of the universe?
What is there for lunch today?
What is there in the fridge?
What is there in these boxes that are so heavy?
What is there in these boxes that makes them so heavy?
What is there in your bedroom?
What is there on the wall there?
What is there to be afraid of?
What is there to change in England? Other than the weather.
What is there to choose from?
What is there to discuss?
What is there to do?
What is there to eat?
What is there to see around here?
What is there to see in Malvern?
What is there to see in Nantes for a tourist?
What is there to understand?
What is there to watch?
What is there?
What is this "soap" you speak of?
What is this -- show and tell?
What is this TV show about?
What is this abomination?
What is this about?
What is this all about here?
What is this all about?
What is this animal called in Japanese?
What is this animal?
What is this banana like?
What is this being we call God?
What is this bird called?
What is this book about?
What is this button for?
What is this button? If you press it nothing happens.
What is this cacophony?
What is this cake called?
What is this cake made of?
What is this called?
What is this car doing here?
What is this cat doing?
What is this city's population?
What is this commotion all about ?
What is this crap?
What is this dark-haired man doing?
What is this device for?
What is this device used for?
What is this dish called?
What is this doing here?
What is this doohickey?
What is this drink you are holding?
What is this employee's name?
What is this fee?
What is this fish called in English?
What is this flag?
What is this flower called?
What is this folder for?
What is this for?
What is this game called?
What is this girl's name?
What is this going to lead to?
What is this good for?
What is this here?
What is this insanity?
What is this item called?
What is this jeans?
What is this key for?
What is this language?
What is this letter?
What is this lipstick trace on your shirt?
What is this lump on my penis?
What is this made of?
What is this mush?
What is this mushroom?
What is this never ending phone talk?
What is this nonsense about you not needing to study well?
What is this nonsense?
What is this notebook for?
What is this object and what is it for?
What is this object called?
What is this object used for?
What is this obsession with numbers and results that makes schools keep giving us tests?
What is this one?
What is this painting doing here?
What is this passage about?
What is this pathos for?
What is this pile of fur doing in the living room?
What is this place?
What is this poor excuse for a university?
What is this racket about?
What is this red food called?
What is this right here?
What is this river called?
What is this sea called?
What is this sentence supposed to mean?
What is this shirt called?
What is this shit?
What is this shitty discrimination!
What is this simple mystery of a place called here?
What is this sound?
What is this store's return policy?
What is this stork doing?
What is this teacher like?
What is this that rises from the desert, like a column of smoke, vapor of myrrh and incense and all exotic perfumes?
What is this that you're saying?
What is this that you’re saying?
What is this the abbreviation for?
What is this the year of?
What is this thing called love?
What is this thing called?
What is this thing for?
What is this thing used for?
What is this thing?
What is this towel made of?
What is this treachery?
What is this used for?
What is this vase made of?
What is this woman doing here?
What is this woman's name?
What is this word's ancient pronunciation?
What is this word's part of speech?
What is this world coming to?
What is this year?
What is this yellow thing?
What is this you have done?
What is this, an interrogation?
What is this, maple?
What is this?
What is this? This is a bus.
What is this? This is a car.
What is this? This is a chair.
What is this? This is a church.
What is this? This is a man.
What is this? This is a rose.
What is this? This is a shop.
What is this? This is a stone.
What is this? This is a table.
What is this? Vaudeville?
What is three times seven?
What is thunder? It's Satan's laughter.
What is time?
What is to be done?
What is to become of that empty warehouse?
What is to blame for the power outage in Britain?
What is to the left of your house?
What is today's date?
What is today's recommendation?
What is today?
What is today’s date?
What is today’s recommendation?
What is tolerance? It is the consequence of humanity. We are all formed of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly — that is the first law of nature.
What is toxic is your cynicism.
What is troubling you?
What is true courage?
What is true for one may not be true for another.
What is true happiness?
What is true is too simple, it can only be achieved by way of the complex.
What is true love?
What is truth?
What is two and two multiplied by two?
What is two minus two?
What is two plus two?
What is two times two?
What is unclear cannot be translated.
What is understood as corruption in Algeria?
What is up with everyone?
What is up with this?
What is usually the cause for the pain?
What is wabi-sabi?
What is water?
What is weighing you down?
What is well conceived is clearly stated, and the words to say it come easily.
What is well thought out is clearly expressed, and the words to say it come easily.
What is wisdom?
What is with anthropomorphic animals that get people so interested?
What is with that principal? He's treating me like shit.
What is with you stubbornly insisting there's no problem when our information is being leaked!?
What is worrying you, Tom?
What is worse: Love without money or money without love?
What is written cannot be undone.
What is written in the book?
What is written in the law?
What is written on that signboard?
What is written on the road sign? - ONE WAY.
What is written on the stone could not have been put there without reason.
What is written on the wall?
What is written on this signboard?
What is written?
What is wrong about me resting on Sunday?
What is wrong between you and Yidir's children?
What is wrong now?
What is wrong with Islamic banking?
What is wrong with Ziri?
What is wrong with being a good person?
What is wrong with her?
What is wrong with him?
What is wrong with me paying the bill?
What is wrong with me?
What is wrong with my decision?
What is wrong with my voice today?
What is wrong with that guy?
What is wrong with them?
What is wrong with these people?
What is wrong with this couscous?
What is wrong with this guy?
What is wrong with us?
What is wrong with you people?
What is wrong with you?
What is wrong?
What is you typical weekday like?
What is your GPA?
What is your ISP?
What is your Skype display name?
What is your address?
What is your advice?
What is your age and profession?
What is your age?
What is your agenda today?
What is your aim in life?
What is your aim with these placards?
What is your area of expertise?
What is your astrological sign?
What is your biggest complaint about your job?
What is your biggest fear?
What is your biggest flaw?
What is your biggest problem?
What is your biggest regret and why?
What is your biggest weakness?
What is your bliss?
What is your blood type?
What is your book about?
What is your boyfriend's name?
What is your business here?
What is your car brand?
What is your cellphone's brand?
What is your child's name?
What is your child's proudest accomplishment?
What is your choice?
What is your citizenship status?
What is your commission?
What is your company's policy?
What is your contribution to Algeria?
What is your current place of residence?
What is your date of birth?
What is your daughter's name?
What is your deal with Tom?
What is your deal, man?
What is your decision-making process?
What is your decision?
What is your desire, Necile?
What is your destination?
What is your dream job?
What is your dream?
What is your e-mail address?
What is your earliest childhood memory?
What is your earliest memory from childhood?
What is your earliest memory?
What is your email address?
What is your emergency?
What is your estimation of when the construction will be completed?
What is your ethnicity? Zamboangueño!
What is your excuse for being late?
What is your excuse?
What is your fascination with this?
What is your father's field of work?
What is your father's name?
What is your favorite Pokémon?
What is your favorite TV program?
What is your favorite action movie?
What is your favorite animal?
What is your favorite band?
What is your favorite bet in roulette?
What is your favorite bird?
What is your favorite board game?
What is your favorite book to read?
What is your favorite book?
What is your favorite boy band?
What is your favorite breed of dogs?
What is your favorite cartoon?
What is your favorite cheese?
What is your favorite childhood memory?
What is your favorite classic rock song?
What is your favorite clothing store?
What is your favorite color and why?
What is your favorite color?
What is your favorite comfort food?
What is your favorite consonant?
What is your favorite country to explore?
What is your favorite day of the year?
What is your favorite exhibit at the museum?
What is your favorite family holiday tradition?
What is your favorite family vacation?
What is your favorite fast-food restaurant?
What is your favorite fish to eat?
What is your favorite food?
What is your favorite game or sport to watch and play?
What is your favorite game?
What is your favorite hobby?
What is your favorite holiday?
What is your favorite kind of rice?
What is your favorite language?
What is your favorite memory from childhood?
What is your favorite movie of all time and why?
What is your favorite movie or TV show?
What is your favorite movie?
What is your favorite music group?
What is your favorite musical genre?
What is your favorite opening?
What is your favorite parlor game?
What is your favorite pastime?
What is your favorite pizza topping?
What is your favorite planet in the Solar System?
What is your favorite prayer?
What is your favorite proverb?
What is your favorite season?
What is your favorite self-care ritual?
What is your favorite sentence?
What is your favorite show?
What is your favorite side dish?
What is your favorite snack?
What is your favorite soccer club?
What is your favorite song on this album?
What is your favorite song?
What is your favorite sound?
What is your favorite sport?
What is your favorite sports team?
What is your favorite story?
What is your favorite summer fruit?
What is your favorite thing about your career?
What is your favorite time of year?
What is your favorite travel guide?
What is your favorite type of music?
What is your favorite type of pizza?
What is your favorite vegetable?
What is your favorite vowel?
What is your favorite way to relax?
What is your favorite website?
What is your favorite wild animal?
What is your favorite word to express that something is great?
What is your favorite zoo animal?
What is your favourite TV show?
What is your favourite advert?
What is your favourite animal?
What is your favourite bird?
What is your favourite colour?
What is your favourite concert hall?
What is your favourite convenience store chain?
What is your favourite fast-food restaurant?
What is your favourite film by Kathryn Bigelow?
What is your favourite film?
What is your favourite fruit?
What is your favourite hobby in winter?
What is your favourite joke?
What is your favourite music venue?
What is your favourite number?
What is your favourite operating system?
What is your favourite seed word for meditation?
What is your favourite song?
What is your favourite street food?
What is your favourite swear word?
What is your field of study, your domain of inquiry, your major interest?
What is your field?
What is your final destination?
What is your first memory from when you were a kid?
What is your first name?
What is your flight number?
What is your fondest wish?
What is your friend's name?
What is your full name please?
What is your gender?
What is your girlfriend's name?
What is your go-to beauty secret?
What is your goal for learning Berber?
What is your goal in using Tatoeba?
What is your goal?
What is your grandfather's name?
What is your grandma's name?
What is your grandmother's name?
What is your greatest accomplishment?
What is your greatest fear?
What is your greatest project?
What is your greatest source of inspiration?
What is your greatest strength?
What is your greatest weakness?
What is your height and weight?
What is your height in centimeters?
What is your height? As in, how tall are you?
What is your hobby?
What is your home phone number?
What is your house like?
What is your idea of a good time?
What is your idea?
What is your ideal company size?
What is your ideal day?
What is your ideal job?
What is your ideal man?
What is your ideal woman?
What is your ideal working environment?
What is your impression of America?
What is your impression of the United States?
What is your intent with Tatoeba?
What is your interpretation of that?
What is your intuition telling you?
What is your job, Tom?
What is your job?
What is your last name?
What is your least favorite language?
What is your least favorite thing about yourself?
What is your legacy?
What is your line of work?
What is your maiden name?
What is your major?
What is your management style?
What is your marital status?
What is your message?
What is your method for discovering?
What is your mission?
What is your mobile number?
What is your mom saying?
What is your morning routine like?
What is your morning routine?
What is your mother tongue?
What is your mother's maiden name?
What is your mother's name?
What is your mother's surname?
What is your name ?
What is your name, dear?
What is your name, sir?
What is your name?
What is your nationality?
What is your native language?
What is your native tongue?
What is your natural hair color?
What is your natural hair colour?
What is your neighbour's nationality -Vietnamese
What is your new address?
What is your new friend's name?
What is your next adventure?
What is your next step?
What is your nickname?
What is your number?
What is your objective?
What is your obsession with kids?
What is your occupation?
What is your occupation? What do you do here?
What is your offer?
What is your older sister doing now?
What is your opinion about language preservation?
What is your opinion about this?
What is your opinion on onions?
What is your opinion on school uniforms?
What is your opinion on the Japanese education system?
What is your opinion on the confederate flag?
What is your opinion on the matter?
What is your opinion on this issue?
What is your opinion on this matter?
What is your opinion on this subject?
What is your opinion?
What is your parents' nationality?
What is your parent’s name?
What is your password?
What is your patronymic?
What is your perception of India?
What is your personality type?
What is your pharmacy's name?
What is your philosophy?
What is your phone number?
What is your place of birth?
What is your plan?
What is your planet like?
What is your poop situation?
What is your postcode?
What is your preferred pronoun?
What is your present location?
What is your presentation about?
What is your problem?
What is your profession?
What is your progress?
What is your proudest accomplishment?
What is your proudest achievement?
What is your rating?
What is your reaction to what is happening right now in Algeria?
What is your reason for soliciting a conversation with me?
What is your reason for your being late to work?
What is your registration number?
What is your relation to him?
What is your relationship with religion?
What is your relationship with your parents like?
What is your religion? I mean - not what you know about religion but the belief that helps you most?
What is your response to these accusations?
What is your return policy?
What is your riddle?
What is your room number?
What is your salary?
What is your seasoning of choice?
What is your second language?
What is your second question?
What is your secret?
What is your self-image?
What is your serial number?
What is your sister doing now?
What is your sister like?
What is your sister's dog called?
What is your size?
What is your son doing in Germany?
What is your son doing?
What is your specialty?
What is your stance on this?
What is your star sign?
What is your status?
What is your stepmother's name?
What is your store like?
What is your strategy?
What is your suggestion?
What is your surname, first name and patronymic?
What is your surname, please?
What is your surname?
What is your teacher's name?
What is your toothbrush doing in my coffee mug?
What is your totem animal?
What is your tribal town?
What is your true essence?
What is your type exactly?
What is your type?
What is your ultimate goal in your life?
What is your ultimate goal?
What is your ultimate summer song?
What is your username on Facebook?
What is your username?
What is your view on the death penalty?
What is your village?
What is your vocation?
What is your waist size?
What is your wallet?
What is your wife's maiden name?
What is your wife's shoe size?
What is your wildest dream?
What is your work here?
What is your work in Boston?
What island is this?
What isn't absorbed by the mass will have no effect.
What isn't clear to you?
What isn't forbidden is allowed.
What isn't new?
What isn't ready to hand, what one can't find at two o'clock in the morning, one doesn't own that.
What isn't working?
What isn't yet may later be.
What it all boils down to is that we are in the same boat.
What it all means I cannot guess, but there is some secret business going on in this house of gloom which sooner or later we shall get to the bottom of.
What it's like in Australia?
What it's like in Boston?
What item was it?
What jerks!
What job are you going to tackle first?
What job did Tom offer you?
What job did they offer you?
What job did you have?
What job do you do?
What job does that man do?
What job experience do you have?
What job openings do you have right now?
What job openings do you have?
What jobs have you had?
What joy I had!
What joy!
What joy, my daughter passed her baccalaureate.
What juice would you like?
What just happened down there?
What just happened here?
What just happened in there?
What just happened there?
What just happened won't happen again.
What just happened?
What justifies that?
What keeps the world going is not love, but doubt.
What keeps you awake at night?
What keeps you busy these days?
What keeps you going?
What keeps you motivated?
What keeps you up at night?
What keeps you up so late?
What kept you from coming yesterday?
What kept you from doing it yesterday?
What kept you from doing that?
What kept you from telling me the truth?
What kept you interested?
What kept you up all night?
What kept you up last night?
What kept you?
What key are you going to play that song in?
What key do you usually sing this song in?
What key idea do you wish to share through your book?
What key is the symphony in?
What key is this song in?
What keyboard layout do you have?
What kid doesn't want candy?
What killed Tom?
What killed all those gazelles?
What killed her?
What killed him?
What killed the gazelle?
What killed them?
What kind is it?
What kind of American accent does Tom have?
What kind of English is that?
What kind of French is that?
What kind of Japanese food do you like?
What kind of Japanese music do you like?
What kind of TV programs do you dislike?
What kind of TV programs do you like?
What kind of a backup plan do you have?
What kind of a camera do you have?
What kind of a dog is it?
What kind of a funeral do you want?
What kind of a job do you think you can get with this diploma?
What kind of a madman would say something like that?
What kind of a man does this?
What kind of a mistake is this?
What kind of a monster is he?
What kind of a monster would eat dogs?
What kind of a movie is it?
What kind of a murderer would say that?
What kind of a parent would leave their child unattended in the car outside the pub while they're inside drinking?
What kind of a party do you want?
What kind of a person are you?
What kind of a person does something like that?
What kind of a person is Tom?
What kind of a place will we be able to get?
What kind of a question is that?
What kind of a rotten asswipe would behave that way?
What kind of a show is it?
What kind of a sick joke is this?
What kind of a wedding do you want?
What kind of accidents might happen?
What kind of action did he take?
What kind of activities do you like to do in your free time?
What kind of activities you enjoy the most?
What kind of adapter do you need?
What kind of adventure do you want to have?
What kind of adventures have you had recently?
What kind of advice do you find most helpful?
What kind of advice would you give a new Muslim?
What kind of airplane is that?
What kind of alcohol do you like to drink?
What kind of alcohol do you usually drink?
What kind of alcoholic beverages do you drink?
What kind of an idiot do you take me for?
What kind of animal are you taking me for?
What kind of animal are you?
What kind of animal is that?
What kind of animal is this?
What kind of animal were the cops tracking?
What kind of animal would do this?
What kind of animals are you most afraid to encounter?
What kind of animals live around here?
What kind of animals live here?
What kind of answer is that?
What kind of answer was that?
What kind of antelope was that?
What kind of apartment do you live in?
What kind of apples are these?
What kind of apples are used for apple cider?
What kind of art do you like the most?
What kind of assistance do you need?
What kind of attitude did Tom have?
What kind of bad history does that house have?
What kind of bait are you using?
What kind of bait did you use to catch these fish?
What kind of bait do you think would be the best to use?
What kind of bait do you use?
What kind of bananas are these?
What kind of band is Tom in?
What kind of bars do you like to go to?
What kind of bear is that?
What kind of bed would you advise us not to buy?
What kind of beer do you have?
What kind of beer do you like to drink?
What kind of beer do you like?
What kind of beer do you usually drink?
What kind of beer do you want to drink?
What kind of beer would you like to drink?
What kind of behavior would you generally consider as typically male?
What kind of bicycle did you ride on your trip?
What kind of bicycle do you have?
What kind of bicycle does Tom want to buy?
What kind of bird is it?
What kind of bird is that in the tree?
What kind of bird is that on the roof?
What kind of bird is that?
What kind of bird is this?
What kind of bird this could be?
What kind of bird would you rather be?
What kind of birds are there in Australia?
What kind of birds do they have in Australia?
What kind of birthday present would you like?
What kind of blog do you want to start?
What kind of boat do you have?
What kind of boat do you own?
What kind of boat do you want to build?
What kind of boat do you want to buy?
What kind of boat does Tom own?
What kind of book are you reading?
What kind of book did you buy?
What kind of book did you plan on writing?
What kind of book did you plan to write?
What kind of book do you want?
What kind of book does he need?
What kind of book does she need?
What kind of book is it?
What kind of book is she reading?
What kind of book is that, and who is the author?
What kind of books are you interested in?
What kind of books did you buy?
What kind of books do Tom and Mary like to read?
What kind of books do Tom and Mary read?
What kind of books do you enjoy reading?
What kind of books do you have?
What kind of books do you like to read?
What kind of books do you like?
What kind of books do you need?
What kind of books do you not like?
What kind of books do you read most often?
What kind of books do you read on vacation?
What kind of books do you read?
What kind of books do you usually buy?
What kind of books do you usually read?
What kind of books do you want to read this year?
What kind of books do you want to read?
What kind of books do you want?
What kind of books does Tom like to read?
What kind of books does Tom like?
What kind of books does Tom not like?
What kind of books does Tom read?
What kind of books don't you like?
What kind of books have inspired you?
What kind of books have you got?
What kind of boss are you?
What kind of brain donor do you think Tom is?
What kind of brandy is this?
What kind of bread are you eating?
What kind of bread did you buy?
What kind of bread do you like best?
What kind of bread do you like?
What kind of bread do you usually eat?
What kind of bread do you want?
What kind of bread is this?
What kind of bread would you like for your toast? White, wheat, sourdough, or rye?
What kind of briefcase did you get Tom?
What kind of briefcase do you want me to buy for you?
What kind of build are you going for?
What kind of building do you live in?
What kind of building is this?
What kind of business are you in?
What kind of business should we start?
What kind of business was Tom in?
What kind of butterfly is that?
What kind of cable do you need?
What kind of cake did you bake?
What kind of cake do you like?
What kind of cake is this?
What kind of cake should I order for your birthday?
What kind of cakes do you sell?
What kind of camera do you have?
What kind of camera does Tom own?
What kind of camera is that?
What kind of candy did you buy?
What kind of candy do you like?
What kind of candy is your favorite?
What kind of cap do you want to buy?
What kind of captain are you?
What kind of car are you driving?
What kind of car did you buy?
What kind of car do you drive?
What kind of car do you have?
What kind of car do you plan to buy?
What kind of car do you think that is?
What kind of car do you want to buy?
What kind of car do you want to rent?
What kind of car does Tom drive?
What kind of car does Tom have?
What kind of car does Tom own?
What kind of car does Tom want to buy?
What kind of car does he drive?
What kind of car does she drive?
What kind of car is that?
What kind of car is this?
What kind of car was it?
What kind of car were they driving?
What kind of car would you like to buy?
What kind of car would you like to have?
What kind of cars do Tom and Mary drive?
What kind of cars do you like?
What kind of cat does Tom have?
What kind of cat is that?
What kind of cat is this?
What kind of celebration will it be?
What kind of cell phone do you have?
What kind of challenges have you overcome?
What kind of challenges motivate you?
What kind of changes did you make this week?
What kind of changes do you have in mind?
What kind of changes do you plan to make?
What kind of changes do you suggest?
What kind of changes do you want us to make?
What kind of changes have been made?
What kind of cheese do you usually eat when you drink red wine?
What kind of cheese is that? It hasn't got any holes!
What kind of chef is Tom?
What kind of child was Tom?
What kind of chocolate do you like?
What kind of chores do you have to do at home?
What kind of chores do your parents make you do?
What kind of church is this?
What kind of city is Ankara?
What kind of clothes do referees wear?
What kind of clothes do you dislike?
What kind of clothes do you like to wear?
What kind of clothes do you like?
What kind of clothes do you not like to wear?
What kind of clothes do you not like wearing?
What kind of clothes do you not like?
What kind of clothes do you usually wear to school?
What kind of clothes do you usually wear?
What kind of clothes do you wear to school?
What kind of clothes do you wear to work?
What kind of clothes don't you like to wear?
What kind of clothes should I pack?
What kind of clothes should I take to Boston with me?
What kind of cloud is that?
What kind of coffee do you drink?
What kind of coins do you collect?
What kind of community do you live in?
What kind of community do you want to live in?
What kind of company are you working for?
What kind of company do you work for?
What kind of company does Tom work for?
What kind of complaints have you gotten so far?
What kind of compliments did you get?
What kind of compliments did you receive?
What kind of compliments do you like to receive?
What kind of computer do you want to buy?
What kind of computer do you want?
What kind of computer does Tom have?
What kind of computer does Tom use?
What kind of computer does he have?
What kind of computer does he use?
What kind of computer does she have?
What kind of computer does she use?
What kind of connection do you have with your father?
What kind of contest was it?
What kind of contest will it be?
What kind of cookies are these?
What kind of cookies are you baking?
What kind of cookies did you buy?
What kind of cop are you?
What kind of corn is this?
What kind of costume are you planning on wearing to the Halloween party?
What kind of costume are you planning to wear to the Halloween party?
What kind of costume was Tom wearing?
What kind of costumes did you buy for the children?
What kind of counselor are you?
What kind of crap is this?
What kind of crapola is this?
What kind of culture will people want if they do colonize outer space?
What kind of dad do you think Yanni is?
What kind of damage has he caused?
What kind of damage was there?
What kind of day is Tanabata in Japan?
What kind of deal did you make with Tom?
What kind of deal did you make?
What kind of deal did you strike with Tom?
What kind of demands are they making?
What kind of democracy is this in the "free Western world" where citizens are afraid of politicians and their decisions?
What kind of deodorant do you prefer, spray or roll-on?
What kind of dessert would you like?
What kind of desserts do you like?
What kind of dinosaur is a thesaurus?
What kind of discount can you give me?
What kind of doctor are you?
What kind of doctor is Dr. Jackson?
What kind of doctor would he be?
What kind of documentaries do you find interesting?
What kind of dog do you have?
What kind of dog do you want to get?
What kind of dog does Tom have?
What kind of dog does Yanni have?
What kind of dog food do you feed your dog?
What kind of dog is it?
What kind of dog is that?
What kind of dog is this?
What kind of dog makes the best guard dog?
What kind of dog should I get?
What kind of dreams do you have?
What kind of dressing do you want on your salad?
What kind of dressing do you want?
What kind of drinks do they have at this restaurant?
What kind of drinks do you plan on having at the party?
What kind of drinks do you plan to have at the party?
What kind of dumb cluck do you think Tom is?
What kind of emergency was it?
What kind of engineer is Tom?
What kind of equipment do we need to buy?
What kind of equipment do we need?
What kind of equipment is installed in the classrooms?
What kind of events go in the long-term memory?
What kind of exercise bike do you have?
What kind of exercise do you do?
What kind of exercise do you enjoy doing?
What kind of exercise should I do?
What kind of factory do Tom and Mary work in?
What kind of factory does Tom work in?
What kind of factory is that?
What kind of farm machinery do you need to buy?
What kind of father do you want to be?
What kind of father would he be?
What kind of feedback did you get?
What kind of feedback do you want?
What kind of feedback have you got so far?
What kind of feedback have you gotten so far?
What kind of feedback have you had so far?
What kind of feedback have you received so far?
What kind of fertilizer did you use?
What kind of fertilizer do you use?
What kind of festival did you go to?
What kind of festival was it?
What kind of films do you prefer?
What kind of fireworks do you like?
What kind of fish did you catch?
What kind of fish do you eat most often?
What kind of fish do you like best?
What kind of fish do you like to eat?
What kind of fish do you like?
What kind of fish do you usually catch?
What kind of fish do you want?
What kind of fish is that?
What kind of fish is this?
What kind of fish was it?
What kind of fishing pole do you have?
What kind of flower is that?
What kind of flower is this?
What kind of flowers are these?
What kind of flowers did you give Mary?
What kind of flowers do you have in your garden?
What kind of flowers do you like?
What kind of flowers do you plant in the spring?
What kind of flowers do you want to plant in your garden?
What kind of flowers does Tom have in his garden?
What kind of flowers does Tom want to plant?
What kind of flowers does she like?
What kind of flowers should we get Mary?
What kind of flowers should we get for Mary?
What kind of flute is that?
What kind of food are you good at cooking?
What kind of food are you talking about?
What kind of food did you cook yesterday?
What kind of food did you eat when you were a child?
What kind of food do Tom and Mary like?
What kind of food do they serve at Chuck's Diner?
What kind of food do you and your family eat on Christmas Day?
What kind of food do you eat most often?
What kind of food do you eat on Christmas Day?
What kind of food do you eat?
What kind of food do you enjoy cooking?
What kind of food do you have to avoid?
What kind of food do you have?
What kind of food do you like best?
What kind of food do you like the most?
What kind of food do you like to cook?
What kind of food do you like to eat?
What kind of food do you like to have at parties?
What kind of food do you like?
What kind of food do you not like to eat?
What kind of food do you plan on having at the party?
What kind of food do you plan to have at the party?
What kind of food do you usually cook?
What kind of food do you usually eat?
What kind of food do you want me to bring?
What kind of food do you want?
What kind of food do your feed your children?
What kind of food does Tom like?
What kind of food doesn't Tom like?
What kind of food don't you like?
What kind of food is that?
What kind of food is there?
What kind of food is this?
What kind of food should I be feeding my dog?
What kind of food would you like to eat?
What kind of fool do you think I am?
What kind of friend keeps you from something you really like?
What kind of fruit d'ya like?
What kind of fruit do you have?
What kind of fruit do you like best?
What kind of fruit do you like?
What kind of fruit do you usually eat?
What kind of fruit do you want me to buy?
What kind of fruit do you want to eat at dessert?
What kind of fruit do you want?
What kind of fruit is green?
What kind of fruit is it?
What kind of fruit juice do you have?
What kind of fruit should I buy?
What kind of fuel do you use in this machine?
What kind of fuel does a helicopter use?
What kind of funeral do you want?
What kind of furniture do you have in your living room?
What kind of furniture is on the porch?
What kind of future are you wishing for?
What kind of future awaits our planet?
What kind of gadget is that?
What kind of game are they playing?
What kind of game are you playing, Tom?
What kind of game are you playing?
What kind of game do you think this is?
What kind of game is Ziri playing?
What kind of game is this?
What kind of games do you create?
What kind of games do you enjoy playing with your friends?
What kind of games do you enjoy?
What kind of games do you like to play?
What kind of games do you like?
What kind of games do you play?
What kind of games does Tom like to play?
What kind of games does Tom like?
What kind of games were popular when you were a child?
What kind of games were popular when you were a kid?
What kind of games were popular when you were young?
What kind of garbage is that?
What kind of gas are you talking about?
What kind of gift are you planning to get Tom?
What kind of gift can you give somebody like Tom?
What kind of gift can you give someone like Tom?
What kind of gift do you want?
What kind of gifts did you get?
What kind of girl are you?
What kind of girl do you think I am?
What kind of girl do you think Tom would like?
What kind of girls do you like most?
What kind of girls do you like?
What kind of grades do you make in French class?
What kind of grades do you make in French?
What kind of guarantee does this come with?
What kind of gun did Tom have?
What kind of gun do you carry?
What kind of gun was it?
What kind of guy do you like?
What kind of guy do you think I am?
What kind of hair style would you like?
What kind of harm does stolen cattle cause people?
What kind of hat do you want to buy?
What kind of hat do you want?
What kind of help can we expect from Tom?
What kind of help do you need?
What kind of help does Tom want?
What kind of high-octane are you using in your crystal ball these days, Swami?
What kind of historian are you?
What kind of hobbies do you have?
What kind of holidays do you celebrate in your country?
What kind of home wrecker's friend would that make me?
What kind of honey is this?
What kind of horse can run fast?
What kind of hospital is this?
What kind of hotel would you like?
What kind of house do Tom and Mary live in?
What kind of house do you live in?
What kind of house do you want to build?
What kind of house do you want to live in?
What kind of house does Tom live in?
What kind of house does Tom want to build?
What kind of house does Tom want to buy?
What kind of hunter leaves their rifle behind?
What kind of ice cream did you buy?
What kind of ice cream do you have?
What kind of ice cream do you like?
What kind of ice cream do you want?
What kind of idiot do you think Tom is?
What kind of idiot would do such a thing?
What kind of incense is this?
What kind of infection is this?
What kind of information are you looking for?
What kind of information do we need?
What kind of information do you get from dictionary entries?
What kind of information do you need?
What kind of information do you want?
What kind of inhaler do you use?
What kind of inquiries have you been getting?
What kind of insect is this?
What kind of instrument is that?
What kind of insurance do you have?
What kind of jam is this?
What kind of jelly is this?
What kind of jerk is this?
What kind of jewel is this?
What kind of jewellery do you sell?
What kind of jewelry do you like to wear?
What kind of jewelry do you sell?
What kind of jewelry do you usually wear?
What kind of job are you looking for?
What kind of job are you offering me?
What kind of job are you trying to find?
What kind of job did Tom get?
What kind of job do you have?
What kind of job do you want to apply for?
What kind of job do you want?
What kind of job is he fit for?
What kind of job openings do you have?
What kind of jobs did Tom and Mary get?
What kind of jokes do you like?
What kind of juice do you want?
What kind of juice would you like?
What kind of lame power is heart, anyways?
What kind of law does he practice?
What kind of lawyer are you?
What kind of leader would you like to be?
What kind of legacy do you hope to leave behind?
What kind of licorice do you prefer?
What kind of life do Tom and Mary have?
What kind of life do you want to live?
What kind of life is that?
What kind of life should I adopt?
What kind of life would that be for Tom?
What kind of lifestyle changes are you considering?
What kind of little birds are sitting up there on the little wall?
What kind of logic is this: if it is not yours, it must be mine?
What kind of logic is this: one's always wrong, until proved right?
What kind of logic is this: one’s always wrong, until proved right?
What kind of machine is that?
What kind of magazine are you reading?
What kind of make-up is this? Are you a prostitute?
What kind of make-up is this? Have you become a prostitute?
What kind of man are you?
What kind of man do you think I am?
What kind of man is Tom?
What kind of man was he?
What kind of manager are you?
What kind of manager is Tom?
What kind of mark do you want to leave on the world?
What kind of meal did you eat?
What kind of meal did you have?
What kind of meals can Tom prepare?
What kind of measures do you take?
What kind of meat do you eat most often?
What kind of meat is it? Is it good?
What kind of meat is this?
What kind of medical schools are you applying to, and why?
What kind of medications cause hives?
What kind of medicine did you take?
What kind of medicine do they make here?
What kind of medicine is it?
What kind of meeting do you have tomorrow?
What kind of memories do you cherish?
What kind of men do you like?
What kind of mileage do you get on this thing?
What kind of mischief has Tom been up to?
What kind of mistakes did Tom and Mary make?
What kind of mistakes did Tom make?
What kind of mistakes did you make?
What kind of monkeys are those?
What kind of monster would do such a thing?
What kind of mother do you have?
What kind of motorcycle do you have?
What kind of motorcycle does Tom have?
What kind of movie are you watching?
What kind of movie do you want to watch?
What kind of movie is it?
What kind of movie is it? Is it popular?
What kind of movie would you like to watch?
What kind of movies do Tom and Mary like?
What kind of movies do enjoy watching?
What kind of movies do you dislike?
What kind of movies do you like best?
What kind of movies do you like to watch?
What kind of movies do you like?
What kind of movies do you not like?
What kind of movies do you prefer?
What kind of movies do you usually watch?
What kind of movies do you want to watch?
What kind of movies do you watch most often?
What kind of movies do you watch?
What kind of movies does Tom like?
What kind of movies does Tom not like?
What kind of movies have you seen lately?
What kind of mushroom is it?
What kind of mushroom is this?
What kind of mushrooms are they?
What kind of mushrooms can kill you?
What kind of mushrooms did you say were in those chocolates?
What kind of music did Richard Wagner compose?
What kind of music did you like when you were in high school?
What kind of music did you like when you were younger?
What kind of music did you listen to when you were a teenager?
What kind of music do Tom and Mary like to listen to?
What kind of music do Tom and Mary like?
What kind of music do Tom and Mary listen to?
What kind of music do they play?
What kind of music do you dislike?
What kind of music do you enjoy listening to?
What kind of music do you enjoy?
What kind of music do you have?
What kind of music do you like best?
What kind of music do you like listening to?
What kind of music do you like the most?
What kind of music do you like to dance to?
What kind of music do you like to listen to in the car?
What kind of music do you like to listen to when you're driving?
What kind of music do you like to listen to?
What kind of music do you like to party to?
What kind of music do you like to play?
What kind of music do you like?
What kind of music do you listen to most often?
What kind of music do you listen to?
What kind of music do you make?
What kind of music do you most often listen to?
What kind of music do you normally listen to?
What kind of music do you not like?
What kind of music do you play?
What kind of music do you prefer?
What kind of music do you put on in the background when you study?
What kind of music do you think Tom and Mary like?
What kind of music do you think Tom likes?
What kind of music do you usually listen to when you're driving?
What kind of music do you usually listen to while driving?
What kind of music do you usually listen to?
What kind of music do you want at your wedding?
What kind of music do you want to listen to?
What kind of music do you want us to play?
What kind of music do you write?
What kind of music does Michael like?
What kind of music does Tom like to listen to?
What kind of music does Tom like?
What kind of music does Tom listen to?
What kind of music does Tom not like?
What kind of music has been popular lately?
What kind of music has been popular recently?
What kind of music is it?
What kind of music is this?
What kind of music was popular when you were a kid?
What kind of music will you guys be playing?
What kind of music?
What kind of musicals are on Broadway right now?
What kind of name is Tom, anyway?
What kind of name is Tom?
What kind of newspaper do you read?
What kind of nonsense are you talking about?
What kind of nonsense is that?
What kind of nonsense is this?
What kind of noodles are these?
What kind of novel?
What kind of novels do you read?
What kind of numbnut do you think Tom is?
What kind of odds are you giving?
What kind of oil do you cook with?
What kind of oil is this?
What kind of opinion did you have of him?
What kind of options does she have?
What kind of oranges are they?
What kind of oranges do you plant here?
What kind of oranges do you usually buy?
What kind of orchid is this?
What kind of orchids are those?
What kind of outdoor activities do you enjoy?
What kind of owl is that?
What kind of pain do you have?
What kind of pain medication can I give my dog?
What kind of pain reliever should I take for this rotator cuff injury while I'm waiting for my consultation with the orthopedic surgeon?
What kind of paint do we need to buy?
What kind of pants does Tom want?
What kind of pants does the man want?
What kind of paperwork do you have to do?
What kind of parent envies his child?
What kind of parent introduces their children to drugs?
What kind of part-time job do you have?
What kind of part-time job should I get?
What kind of parties do you like?
What kind of partnership are they proposing?
What kind of party do you want to have?
What kind of party do you want to host?
What kind of party do you want to throw?
What kind of party do you want?
What kind of party was it?
What kind of pathological liar lies about his lies to people who can read aloud to him, word for word, the transcriptions of the audio-recorded lies he told previously and about which he is now lying anew as he once more tries to lie about those lies?
What kind of people are Tom and Mary?
What kind of people come here?
What kind of people do you get along with?
What kind of people do you like best?
What kind of people do you like?
What kind of people do you work with?
What kind of people eat at Chuck's Diner?
What kind of people go there?
What kind of people irritate you?
What kind of people live here?
What kind of people lived here?
What kind of people spend time on Toki Pona knowing that Esperanto is the universal language?
What kind of people were there?
What kind of people will go? People like me.
What kind of people write fortune cookie messages?
What kind of person am I?
What kind of person are you, Tom?
What kind of person are you?
What kind of person do you think I am?
What kind of person do you think he is?
What kind of person do you want to be?
What kind of person do you want to get married to?
What kind of person do you want to hire?
What kind of person do you want to marry?
What kind of person does something like that?
What kind of person hates cats and candy floss?!
What kind of person is Tom?
What kind of person is he?
What kind of person is interested in Toki Pona, knowing that Esperanto is the universal language?
What kind of person is she?
What kind of person is this Russian woman? What do you know about her?
What kind of person is your sister?
What kind of person looks up to a genocidal killer and calls him a hero?
What kind of person was Sami?
What kind of person was Tom?
What kind of person was she when she first came here?
What kind of person was the lawyer?
What kind of person would buy something like this?
What kind of person would buy such a thing?
What kind of person would cheat on their spouse?
What kind of person would do something like this?
What kind of person would do such a thing?
What kind of person would do that kind of thing?
What kind of person would do that?
What kind of person would forget to pick their children up after school?
What kind of person would spend so much money on a bicycle?
What kind of person would treat their pet that way?
What kind of person would you like to become?
What kind of person would you like to get married to?
What kind of person would you like to marry?
What kind of pet do you want?
What kind of philosopher do you like?
What kind of phone have you lost?
What kind of pictures do you like to take?
What kind of pictures do you take?
What kind of pie do you want?
What kind of pie is that?
What kind of pie is this?
What kind of pig is that?
What kind of pigs are these?
What kind of pills are those?
What kind of pistol is that?
What kind of pizza did you order?
What kind of pizza do you like best?
What kind of pizza do you want for dinner?
What kind of pizza does Tom like?
What kind of pizzas are you making?
What kind of place is Boston?
What kind of place is it?
What kind of place is this?
What kind of place would you like to visit?
What kind of places do you like to visit?
What kind of places do you like?
What kind of places would you like to see?
What kind of plan is that?
What kind of plane do you fly?
What kind of plane is it?
What kind of plans do you have for the weekend?
What kind of plant is it?
What kind of plant is this?
What kind of plants are in your garden?
What kind of plants are these?
What kind of play is it?
What kind of player is Tom?
What kind of plug is this?
What kind of podcasts do you enjoy?
What kind of podcasts do you listen to?
What kind of poison did you use?
What kind of poison is this?
What kind of poison was it?
What kind of poison was used?
What kind of potatoes do you grow?
What kind of power supply does your computer have?
What kind of presentation do you want to give?
What kind of presents did Tom buy for his children?
What kind of problem does Tom have?
What kind of problem has Tom been dealing with?
What kind of problem has Tom been having?
What kind of problem with Tom do you have?
What kind of problems are you having?
What kind of problems did you have?
What kind of problems do you anticipate?
What kind of problems do you have?
What kind of problems do you think that Tom could cause?
What kind of problems do you think we might have?
What kind of problems do you think we'll have?
What kind of problems does Tom have?
What kind of problems has Tom been having?
What kind of problems have you been having with Tom?
What kind of problems have you been having?
What kind of problems were there?
What kind of products does your company make?
What kind of programs do you like to watch?
What kind of projects are you working on?
What kind of promise did Tom make?
What kind of proof do you need?
What kind of public events do you enjoy attending?
What kind of pumpkins are used for pumpkin pie?
What kind of purpose do we all serve as simple human beings?
What kind of quadrilateral is it?
What kind of question did he ask you?
What kind of question did she ask you?
What kind of question is that, Tom?
What kind of question is that?
What kind of question is that? Do you really expect me to answer that?
What kind of question is that? Do you seriously expect me to answer that?
What kind of questions did Tom ask you?
What kind of questions did Tom ask?
What kind of questions do you ask?
What kind of questions do you plan to ask?
What kind of questions do you think Tom will ask?
What kind of questions do you want me to answer?
What kind of questions do you want to ask?
What kind of questions will they ask?
What kind of ranch did you grow up on?
What kind of reaction did you have when he came looking for you?
What kind of reading do you like to do?
What kind of reading is important in your life today?
What kind of relationship did they have?
What kind of relationship did you have with Tom?
What kind of relaxation techniques do you practice?
What kind of religion is Islam?
What kind of reply are you expecting?
What kind of reply did you expect?
What kind of reply were you expecting?
What kind of research are you doing?
What kind of research do you do?
What kind of research does the organization do?
What kind of research should I do?
What kind of response are you expecting from Tom?
What kind of response did you expect from Tom?
What kind of response were you expecting?
What kind of restaurant did you eat at last night?
What kind of restaurant is that across the street?
What kind of rice is this?
What kind of ring do you want?
What kind of risks are worth taking?
What kind of risks did I take?
What kind of room do you want?
What kind of rope is this?
What kind of salad do you want?
What kind of salad dressing do you want?
What kind of salad is this?
What kind of salary do astronomers make?
What kind of salary do you think Tom gets?
What kind of sandwich are you eating?
What kind of sandwich do you want?
What kind of sandwich is it?
What kind of saxophone does Tom want to buy?
What kind of school did you graduate from?
What kind of school do you want to go to?
What kind of school does Tom go to?
What kind of scientist are you?
What kind of scores did you get?
What kind of seeds is Tom planting?
What kind of shampoo do you use?
What kind of ship is that?
What kind of shirts does Tom wear?
What kind of shoes are you looking for?
What kind of shoes do you want to buy?
What kind of shoes does Tom want to buy?
What kind of shoes does this factory make?
What kind of shop is that?
What kind of shop is this?
What kind of shots did they give you?
What kind of shows do you like to watch?
What kind of sick weirdo are you?
What kind of sick-headed mother inflicts that much pain on her baby and put her baby through so much pain like she did?
What kind of sicko would pay 70,000 euros to kill an elephant?
What kind of sleeping bag do you have?
What kind of snacks do you like?
What kind of snacks do you plan on having at the party?
What kind of snacks do you plan to have at the party?
What kind of snacks do you prefer?
What kind of snacks do you usually buy?
What kind of snake is that?
What kind of social contract will enable the sustainable development of our community? What kind of development model is best suited for this purpose?
What kind of software does Tom usually use?
What kind of songs are popular these days?
What kind of songs do Tom and Mary sing?
What kind of songs do you like?
What kind of songs does Tom like to sing?
What kind of songs does Tom like?
What kind of songs does Tom sing at karaoke?
What kind of songs does Tom sing?
What kind of sorcery is this?
What kind of sound is this?
What kind of sounds do you find annoying?
What kind of soup do you have?
What kind of soup is this?
What kind of souvenirs did you buy?
What kind of soy sauce is this? The best-before date is August 99.
What kind of soy sauce is this? The expiry date says 'August 99'.
What kind of spaghetti do you like?
What kind of sport do you do?
What kind of sport do you like the best?
What kind of sport do you like?
What kind of sports do you do?
What kind of sports do you like to play?
What kind of sports do you like?
What kind of sports we play depends on the weather and the season.
What kind of stain is it?
What kind of stain is that?
What kind of stone is this?
What kind of stories do you find inspiring?
What kind of stories do you like to tell?
What kind of stories do you like?
What kind of stories do you not like?
What kind of stories does Tom like?
What kind of stories does Tom not like?
What kind of story do you want to hear?
What kind of strange people have you met in college?
What kind of student are you?
What kind of student is Ziri?
What kind of student were you in high school?
What kind of students do you teach?
What kind of stuff do you keep in the trunk of your car?
What kind of stuff do you need?
What kind of stuff do you want to buy?
What kind of stuff do you want?
What kind of stupid joke is this?
What kind of stupid question is that?
What kind of superstitions are there regarding the number four in Asia?
What kind of support can we give?
What kind of support is required?
What kind of surgery do you need?
What kind of sushi do you like?
What kind of sweets did I like as a child? Even if I try to remember, I can't.
What kind of talk is that?
What kind of talk is this?!
What kind of tattoo do you want to get?
What kind of tattoo do you want?
What kind of taxes are there?
What kind of tea is this?
What kind of tea would you like?
What kind of teacher do you want to be?
What kind of teacher is Mr. Jackson?
What kind of teacher would he be?
What kind of team do you want to build?
What kind of technique will he have? He's absolutely a crook.
What kind of technology do you find useful?
What kind of tent do you have?
What kind of terrible thing has happened?
What kind of test is that?
What kind of test is this?
What kind of text is this?
What kind of theme are you interested in?
What kind of thing is this?
What kind of things are tough in your job?
What kind of things are we going to be doing at the party?
What kind of things are you going to buy?
What kind of things bother you the most?
What kind of things can people do to help reduce pollution?
What kind of things do Tom and Mary do that irritate you?
What kind of things do Tom and Mary do together?
What kind of things do you and Tom do together?
What kind of things do you do for fun around here?
What kind of things do you do in your free time?
What kind of things do you do on the weekend?
What kind of things do you do on weekends?
What kind of things do you do when you and Tom hang out together?
What kind of things do you enjoy doing?
What kind of things do you find annoying?
What kind of things do you have in your desk drawers?
What kind of things do you like doing with your friends?
What kind of things do you like to do in your free time?
What kind of things do you like to do?
What kind of things do you like to wear?
What kind of things do you like?
What kind of things do you need to buy?
What kind of things do you need?
What kind of things do you sell here?
What kind of things do you think we need to buy?
What kind of things do you usually eat?
What kind of things do you want to buy?
What kind of things do you want to do this weekend?
What kind of things do you want?
What kind of things do you write about in a sociology paper? I don't have the faintest idea.
What kind of things does Tom do in his free time?
What kind of things does Tom do that irritate you?
What kind of things does Tom like to do?
What kind of things does Tom like?
What kind of things does Tom sell at street fairs?
What kind of things has Tom been doing?
What kind of things have you done with Tom?
What kind of things irritate you?
What kind of things make you angry?
What kind of things make you laugh?
What kind of things really make you angry?
What kind of threat do terrorists really pose?
What kind of threats have you been getting?
What kind of threats have you been receiving?
What kind of tires do you have on your car?
What kind of tomatoes do you grow?
What kind of topics are of interest to you?
What kind of topics do you enjoy discussing?
What kind of toys do toddlers play with?
What kind of train do you want to go on?
What kind of training do you have?
What kind of training have you had?
What kind of training will we need?
What kind of treasure do you seek?
What kind of treatment did Tom receive?
What kind of treatment is Tom getting?
What kind of treatment will I get?
What kind of tree is an oak?
What kind of tree is that?
What kind of tree is this?
What kind of trees are these?
What kind of trees are those?
What kind of trees does Tom want to plant?
What kind of trickery is this?
What kind of trips have you taken recently?
What kind of trouble Yanni is in now?
What kind of trouble Yanni is in?
What kind of trouble are Tom and Mary in?
What kind of trouble are you in?
What kind of trouble did Tom cause?
What kind of trouble did Tom get into?
What kind of trouble did you have?
What kind of trouble do you think that Tom could cause?
What kind of trouble have you been up to this time?
What kind of trouble have you gotten yourself into?
What kind of trouble is Tom in?
What kind of trouble was there?
What kind of truck was Tom driving?
What kind of vapid comments will I get on this sentence?
What kind of vegetables do you eat most often?
What kind of vegetables do you grow?
What kind of vegetables does Tom sell?
What kind of vegetables does Tom want to plant?
What kind of vegetables does he buy?
What kind of vibe do you want on your ideal date?
What kind of videogames do you play?
What kind of vinegar is this?
What kind of virus is it?
What kind of volunteer work do you do?
What kind of volunteer work do you want to do?
What kind of volunteer work does Tom do?
What kind of warranty does this come with?
What kind of watch is that?
What kind of weapon did Tom find there?
What kind of weapon did you find?
What kind of weapons did the police find in the warehouse?
What kind of weapons did they have?
What kind of weapons do they have?
What kind of weapons were found?
What kind of weather did you have on holiday?
What kind of weather do you like?
What kind of weather do you prefer?
What kind of weather is here in the spring?
What kind of website do you want to build?
What kind of website do you want to create?
What kind of websites do you visit the most often?
What kind of wedding do you want?
What kind of welder does Ziri use?
What kind of wine do you drink?
What kind of wine do you have?
What kind of wine do you recommend?
What kind of wine should I bring?
What kind of wine would you like?
What kind of woman could love a guy like Tom?
What kind of woman could love a guy like him?
What kind of woman could love such a man?
What kind of woman do you think I am?
What kind of woman is Mary?
What kind of woman wouldn't be attracted to a guy like you?
What kind of women do you like?
What kind of women's attire does Tom like?
What kind of wood is this bench made of?
What kind of wood is this dining table made of?
What kind of wood is this table made of?
What kind of wood is this?
What kind of work did you do in Australia?
What kind of work did you do when you were living in Boston?
What kind of work do Tom and Mary do?
What kind of work do you do?
What kind of work do you like to do?
What kind of work do you like?
What kind of work do you want to do?
What kind of work does Tom do?
What kind of work does Tom want to do?
What kind of work does your father do?
What kind of work does your mother do?
What kind of work does yours do?
What kind of work is Tom doing nowadays?
What kind of work will you do?
What kind of work would you really like to do?
What kind of workouts do you find effective?
What kind of world would it be if we could only ask questions?
What kind of worms are there?
What kind of yogurt did you say you had?
What kind of yogurt do you like best?
What kind?
What kinda sorcery is this?
What kinds of Japanese food do you like?
What kinds of TV programs do you like?
What kinds of TV programs do you watch with your family?
What kinds of animals live around here?
What kinds of animals will evolve from us?
What kinds of beer do you have?
What kinds of beers do you have?
What kinds of books do you like to read?
What kinds of books do you like?
What kinds of books do you read?
What kinds of changes are needed to address these problems?
What kinds of clothes do you like to wear?
What kinds of exercises do you do?
What kinds of food are you good at cooking?
What kinds of fruit juices do you have?
What kinds of games do you like to play?
What kinds of goods do you sell in your shop?
What kinds of greeting cards do you send?
What kinds of insects do you have around here?
What kinds of job are you looking for?
What kinds of magazines do you read?
What kinds of meat dishes do you serve?
What kinds of movies do you like to watch?
What kinds of movies do you like?
What kinds of movies do you usually not watch?
What kinds of movies make you cry?
What kinds of music did Handel write?
What kinds of plants are you growing in your garden?
What kinds of reading material did your parents have in the house when you were young?
What kinds of sport do you do?
What kinds of sports do you do?
What kinds of sports do you go in for these days?
What kinds of things are you good at?
What kinds of things are you interested in?
What kinds of things are you not good at doing?
What kinds of things cause headaches?
What kinds of things cause panic attacks?
What kinds of things did you notice?
What kinds of things do you and your wife fight about?
What kinds of things do you do every day?
What kinds of things do you do when you're in Australia?
What kinds of things do you do when you're in Boston?
What kinds of things do you do with your family?
What kinds of things do you enjoy doing?
What kinds of things do you have on the computer?
What kinds of things do you hope to accomplish?
What kinds of things do you hope to do?
What kinds of things do you like to cook?
What kinds of things do you like to do after school?
What kinds of things do you like to do in your free time?
What kinds of things do you like to do with Tom?
What kinds of things do you like to do with your family?
What kinds of things do you like to do with your friends?
What kinds of things do you like to do?
What kinds of things do you like to read?
What kinds of things do you sell in your shop?
What kinds of things do you think we need to buy?
What kinds of things do you wish to become good at?
What kinds of things make you happy?
What kinds of things really make you angry?
What kinds of things trigger panic attacks?
What kinds of things would make you consider getting a divorce?
What kinds of toys do you like?
What kinds of tropical drinks do you have?
What kinds of vegetables do you like?
What kinds of vegetables does Tom like?
What kinds of weapons did the police find in Tom's house?
What kitchen appliance do you use every day?
What knots do you know how to tie?
What know you of patience?
What knowledge is unnecessary?
What lake is this?
What language are they speaking?
What language are those two speaking?
What language are you and he speaking?
What language are you and she speaking?
What language are you speaking?
What language are you studying?
What language did you translate this book from?
What language do Americans speak?
What language do people speak in America?
What language do people speak in Australia?
What language do people speak in Korea?
What language do they speak in America?
What language do they speak in Australia?
What language do they speak in Egypt?
What language do they speak in Eritrea?
What language do they speak in Korea?
What language do they speak in Macedonia?
What language do they speak in Madagascar?
What language do they speak in Malta?
What language do they speak in Mexico?
What language do they speak in Switzerland?
What language do they speak in the US?
What language do they speak in the United States?
What language do they speak in your country?
What language do they speak?
What language do they want to learn?
What language do tortoises speak? Tortuguese.
What language do you dream in?
What language do you like?
What language do you speak at home?
What language do you speak in your country?
What language do you speak there?
What language do you speak with your parents?
What language do you speak?
What language do you talk to her in?
What language do you think in?
What language do you think this is?
What language do you two use to communicate?
What language do you use at work?
What language do you use when you talk with your parents?
What language do you use with your parents?
What language do you usually speak at home?
What language do you usually speak at work?
What language do you usually speak?
What language do you usually use when talking with Tom?
What language do you want to talk in with me?
What language does Tom speak?
What language does Tom usually speak?
What language does this radio station broadcast in?
What language group does French belong to?
What language is Esperanto?
What language is he speaking?
What language is it written in?
What language is it?
What language is spoken in Afghanistan?
What language is spoken in America?
What language is spoken in Australia?
What language is spoken in Brazil?
What language is spoken in Canada?
What language is spoken in East Turkestan?
What language is spoken in Egypt?
What language is spoken in England?
What language is spoken in France?
What language is spoken in Malta?
What language is spoken in Mexico?
What language is spoken in Switzerland?
What language is spoken in the USA?
What language is spoken in your country?
What language is spoken on the island?
What language is that?
What language is that? It looks like French, but it's not French.
What language is this book written in?
What language is this?
What language was that?
What language was that? It sounded like French, but it wasn't French.
What language were they speaking?
What language, if any, will displace English as the world's lingua franca?
What languages are spoken in America?
What languages are spoken in Australia?
What languages are spoken in Belgium?
What languages are spoken in Canada?
What languages are spoken in Europe?
What languages are spoken in India?
What languages are spoken in Korea?
What languages are spoken in Moldova?
What languages are spoken in Russia?
What languages are spoken in the Philippines?
What languages are spoken in your country?
What languages are spoken in your family?
What languages are you able to speak?
What languages are you good at speaking?
What languages are you learning?
What languages are you studying?
What languages can Tom speak?
What languages can you speak?
What languages do people in Korea speak?
What languages do they speak in Australia?
What languages do they speak in Belgium?
What languages do they speak in Canada?
What languages do they speak in Korea?
What languages do you consider difficult?
What languages do you know how to speak?
What languages do you know?
What languages do you speak and what languages would you like to learn?
What languages do you speak, Tom?
What languages do you speak?
What languages do you want to learn?
What languages does Tom speak?
What languages have you studied?
What languages ​​do people speak here?
What law did Tom break?
What law have I broken?
What laws have I broken?
What laws have been violated?
What laws were broken?
What leads to success?
What leads you to believe that?
What leads you to that conclusion?
What leads you to the conclusion that I wouldn't agree?
What leads you to think I'm owned by you?
What led her there?
What led him there?
What led the Soviet Union to break up?
What led to Algeria's economic crisis?
What led to the fall of the Berlin Wall?
What led to the fall of the Roman Empire?
What led up to the war in Ukraine?
What led you there?
What led you to accept Islam?
What led you to behave in that way?
What led you to believe it?
What led you to believe so?
What led you to believe that?
What led you to say that?
What led you to stay with him?
What led you to that conclusion?
What led you to this conclusion?
What left me perplexed is that the answer was so simple and nobody could guess it.
What length is it?
What lesson do you aim to communicate?
What lesson do you like most of all?
What lesson does the story teach us?
What letter needs to be added there?
What level have you reached?
What lies ahead is still unclear.
What lies ahead remains a mystery.
What lies ahead remains unknown.
What lies ahead?
What lies are truth?
What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
What lies beyond our solar system?
What lies beyond the horizon now?
What lies beyond the horizon?
What lies on the table there?
What life could you ever have with me?
What line is he in?
What line of work are you in?
What link could there be between that creature and my wife?
What little free time he had was spent with the family.
What little girl didn't tattle to her mother about the naughty things the boys were doing?
What little guidance I had I owe to a young man.
What little money I had was stolen.
What little money he earned he spent on books.
What little she learnt she has already forgotten.
What lives under a rock?
What long hair you've got!
What long hair you’ve got!
What looks beautiful to you may be a confusing mishmash to others.
What love!
What lovely eyes she has!
What lovely flowers these are!
What lovely flowers you brought.
What lovely flowers!
What lovely legs!
What lovely puppies they are!
What lovely weather!
What made Bill decide to be an engineer?
What made Sami convert to Islam?
What made Tom afraid?
What made Tom agree to do that?
What made Tom and Mary do that?
What made Tom angry wasn't what you said, but the way you said it.
What made Tom angry?
What made Tom change his mind?
What made Tom cry?
What made Tom decide to cooperate?
What made Tom decide to do that?
What made Tom do it?
What made Tom do such a thing?
What made Tom do that?
What made Tom do this?
What made Tom leave?
What made Tom mad wasn't what you said, but the way you said it.
What made Tom mad?
What made Tom smile?
What made Tom so angry?
What made Tom so mad?
What made Tom so sad?
What made Tom want to do that?
What made Ziri decide to come out here?
What made Ziri trip?
What made her angry?
What made her do so?
What made her do such a thing?
What made her do that?
What made her go with him?
What made her mad?
What made her so angry?
What made her so mad?
What made her so sad?
What made him angry?
What made him change his mind?
What made him leave his home and run away late at night?
What made him mad?
What made him so angry then, I wonder?
What made him so angry?
What made him so mad?
What made him so sad?
What made it difficult for you to carry out the plan?
What made it fantastic?
What made that horrible roaring sound?
What made that noise?
What made that sound?
What made the comedian's audience laugh so uncontrollably that night was a convenient nitrous oxide leak.
What made the comedian’s audience laugh so uncontrollably that night was a convenient nitrous oxide leak.
What made them angry?
What made them mad?
What made them so mad?
What made this possible?
What made this so different?
What made up your mind to quit smoking?
What made us come to blows?
What made us like this?
What made you accept?
What made you angry?
What made you ask Tom that question?
What made you ask Tom that?
What made you ask her that?
What made you ask him that?
What made you ask me that?
What made you ask that question?
What made you ask that?
What made you ask them that?
What made you ask us that?
What made you believe Tom and Mary were telling the truth?
What made you believe Tom was telling the truth?
What made you believe that Tom was telling the truth?
What made you blame me?
What made you buy that stock?
What made you change course?
What made you change your mind all of a sudden?
What made you change your mind?
What made you choose Algiers over Oran?
What made you come back?
What made you come here so early?
What made you come here?
What made you confess?
What made you contact Tom?
What made you contact her?
What made you contact him?
What made you contact me?
What made you contact them?
What made you contact us?
What made you convert to Islam?
What made you decide not to go there?
What made you decide to become a teacher?
What made you decide to come here now?
What made you decide to come here?
What made you decide to do that?
What made you decide to learn German?
What made you decide to move into this neighborhood?
What made you decide to quit doing that?
What made you decide to quit using Twitter?
What made you decide to study French?
What made you decide to wear hijab?
What made you do a silly thing like that?
What made you do that?
What made you do this?
What made you do what you did?
What made you fall in love with Tom?
What made you fall in love with me?
What made you get into tennis?
What made you go into the basement?
What made you laugh?
What made you learn Portuguese?
What made you leave them?
What made you mad?
What made you paint a picture of Jesus?
What made you sad?
What made you say no?
What made you say such a stupid thing as that?
What made you say such a stupid thing?
What made you say that?
What made you say yes?
What made you scream?
What made you sick?
What made you smile?
What made you so angry?
What made you so dissatisfied?
What made you so furious?
What made you so mad?
What made you so ridiculous?
What made you so sad?
What made you so sure?
What made you start conversing in English?
What made you stay with him?
What made you suspicious?
What made you think I did that?
What made you think I didn't have to do that?
What made you think I didn't need to do that?
What made you think I didn't plan to go?
What made you think I didn't want to do that?
What made you think I didn't want to go?
What made you think I had to do that again?
What made you think I had to do that?
What made you think I needed to do that again?
What made you think I needed to do that?
What made you think I wanted to do that again?
What made you think I wanted to do that?
What made you think I was finished doing that?
What made you think I was going to do that?
What made you think I was going to go to Australia with Tom?
What made you think I was younger than you?
What made you think I would do that?
What made you think I'd be interested in this?
What made you think I'd refuse to do that?
What made you think I'd want to kiss you?
What made you think Tom and Mary have never done that?
What made you think Tom did that?
What made you think Tom didn't like you?
What made you think Tom has never done that?
What made you think Tom hasn't done that?
What made you think Tom liked heavy metal?
What made you think Tom was absent yesterday?
What made you think Tom was rich?
What made you think Tom would do that?
What made you think Tom would want to kiss you?
What made you think Tom wouldn't do that?
What made you think about that?
What made you think doing that would be a good idea?
What made you think it was Tom?
What made you think of that?
What made you think so?
What made you think that I did that?
What made you think that I didn't want to go?
What made you think that I was going to go to Australia with Tom?
What made you think that I'd want to kiss you?
What made you think that Tom and Mary were a couple?
What made you think that Tom didn't like you?
What made you think that Tom didn't want to do that?
What made you think that Tom liked heavy metal?
What made you think that Tom would want to kiss you?
What made you think that Tom wouldn't come?
What made you think that Tom wouldn't do that?
What made you think that Tom wouldn’t come?
What made you think that he wouldn't come?
What made you think that my favorite color was green?
What made you think that that was the case?
What made you think that was the case?
What made you think that you had to do that?
What made you think that you were wrong?
What made you think that you would study French?
What made you think that?
What made you think we could trust Tom?
What made you think you had to do that?
What made you think you'd get away with it?
What made you want to become a doctor?
What made you want to become a plumber?
What made you want to become a policeman?
What made you want to become an anaesthetist?
What made you want to become an anesthesiologist?
What made you want to come here?
What made you want to do that?
What made you want to do this on your own?
What made you want to do this?
What made you want to help Tom?
What made you want to leave?
What made you want to move to Australia?
What made you want to move to Boston?
What made you want to study French?
What made you want to study Portuguese?
What madness!
What magazine was this published in?
What magazines do you subscribe to?
What maggot bites you?
What magnification should I look for in binoculars for birdwatching?
What make is your mobile?
What make of car is it?
What make of computer do you use?
What make of phone do you have?
What makes Algeria Algeria?
What makes Algeria so unique?
What makes Algiers better than other places?
What makes Algiers so special?
What makes Algiers' charm?
What makes America America?
What makes Earth turn?
What makes English difficult is its unpredictability.
What makes Tom different from his peers?
What makes Tom different from others his age?
What makes Tom different?
What makes Tom so special?
What makes Tom so sure that this won't happen again?
What makes Tom tick?
What makes Tom's so awesome?
What makes a film right for the holidays? It has to appeal to the whole family and moviegoers of all ages.
What makes a flame blue?
What makes a good friend?
What makes a good journalist?
What makes a good leader?
What makes a good marriage?
What makes a good mystery story?
What makes a good picture?
What makes a good story?
What makes a great musician?
What makes a house a home?
What makes a language endangered?
What makes a meme dank?
What makes a movie great?
What makes a person commit atrocities?
What makes a person do that?
What makes a person satisfied?
What makes a place special?
What makes a strong community?
What makes accepted medical practice "pseudoscience," other than your transphobic feelings?
What makes an advertisement cool?
What makes brains so appealing to zombies?
What makes dogs wag their tails?
What makes flash floods most dangerous is their sudden nature and fast-moving water.
What makes her so interesting?
What makes him do that thing that some people call music?
What makes him hated?
What makes him so interesting?
What makes him stand out is a certain class.
What makes it go?
What makes it so hard to do that?
What makes it so plausible to assume that hypocrisy is the vice of vices is that integrity can indeed exist under the cover of all other vices except this one. Only crime and the criminal, it is true, confront us with the perplexity of radical evil; but only the hypocrite is really rotten to the core.
What makes it so unique?
What makes it unique?
What makes life dreary is the want of motivation.
What makes life worth living?
What makes life worthwhile?
What makes magnets so magical?
What makes me happy now?
What makes me sneeze?
What makes me think you're going out with Tom? Jack saw you both in the Old Mill yesterday, sitting at a corner table, looking totally smitten, holding hands, gazing into each other's eyes and getting very friendly with each other. A very touching scene, so it was.
What makes old age hard to bear is not the failing of one's faculties, mental and physical, but the burden of one's memories.
What makes one man smarter than another?
What makes one man smarter than the other?
What makes one person a genius and another person a fool?
What makes one person more intelligent than another?
What makes one sad about love, it is not so much to not be loved when you love, but to still be loved when you do not love anymore.
What makes one stronger, kills the other.
What makes people do that?
What makes people happy?
What makes the Bible authentic?
What makes the Japanese unique is primarily their belief that they are unique.
What makes the classics both intriguing and fascinating is that they're near enough that we can feel the similarity and they're distant enough that we have to do some work to bridge the gap.
What makes the classics both intriguing and fascinating is that they’re near enough that we can feel the similarity and they’re distant enough that we have to do some work to bridge the gap.
What makes the earth spin?
What makes the earth turn?
What makes the noise?
What makes them different?
What makes them special?
What makes this one special?
What makes this project different?
What makes this so different?
What makes this time different?
What makes this year’s great conjunction so significant is that the two planets have not passed this close to one another in 400 years, and it has been nearly 800 years since the alignment occurred at night, as it will this year, allowing nearly everyone around the world to witness it.
What makes us American is not a question of what we look like, or where our names come from, or the way we pray. What makes us American is our fidelity to a set of ideals – that all of us are created equal; that all of us deserve the chance to make of our lives what we will; that all of us share an obligation to stand up, speak out, and secure our most cherished values for the next generation.
What makes us free is the money, not the law.
What makes us happy or unhappy is not what things objectively and really are, but what we think they represent.
What makes us human?
What makes us special?
What makes you angry?
What makes you ask that?
What makes you believe Tom did that on purpose?
What makes you believe that Tom did it on purpose?
What makes you believe that Tom did that on purpose?
What makes you believe that!
What makes you bloom?
What makes you change your mind?
What makes you comfortable when studying?
What makes you comfortable?
What makes you cry like that?
What makes you cry?
What makes you depressed?
What makes you different?
What makes you feel alive?
What makes you feel confident?
What makes you feel drawn to someone?
What makes you feel good?
What makes you feel inspired?
What makes you feel most beautiful?
What makes you feel really good?
What makes you feel safe?
What makes you feel this way about me?
What makes you feel truly beautiful?
What makes you feel unsafe at work?
What makes you feel unsafe?
What makes you feel your best?
What makes you flourish?
What makes you guys feel alive?
What makes you happiest?
What makes you happy makes me happy.
What makes you happy, Tom?
What makes you happy?
What makes you keep wanting to do this?
What makes you laugh like that?
What makes you laugh the most?
What makes you laugh?
What makes you look bad?
What makes you lose interest?
What makes you more confident about yourself?
What makes you nervous?
What makes you proud?
What makes you really angry?
What makes you sad?
What makes you say that?
What makes you smile?
What makes you so confident?
What makes you so displeased?
What makes you so dissatisfied?
What makes you so indignant?
What makes you so miserable?
What makes you so sad?
What makes you so special?
What makes you so sure I want to be your friend?
What makes you so sure Tom and Mary don't want to play basketball with us?
What makes you so sure Tom and Mary want to stay?
What makes you so sure Tom and Mary were the ones who stole your bicycle?
What makes you so sure Tom doesn't want to play basketball with us?
What makes you so sure Tom likes you?
What makes you so sure Tom wants to stay?
What makes you so sure Tom was the one who stole your bicycle?
What makes you so sure Tom will want to come back?
What makes you so sure about that?
What makes you so sure it's not a fake?
What makes you so sure of that?
What makes you so sure of the outcome?
What makes you so sure that Salas is the father of that baby?
What makes you so sure that Tom will be here tomorrow?
What makes you so sure that Tom won't be here tonight?
What makes you so sure that that's going to happen?
What makes you so sure that this won't happen again?
What makes you so sure?
What makes you special?
What makes you stay?
What makes you think I am God?
What makes you think I can do it?
What makes you think I can do that?
What makes you think I can rap?
What makes you think I did that?
What makes you think I disagree with Tom?
What makes you think I don't have to do that again?
What makes you think I don't have to do that?
What makes you think I don't like Tom?
What makes you think I don't like you?
What makes you think I don't like your friends?
What makes you think I don't love you anymore?
What makes you think I don't need to do that again?
What makes you think I don't need to do that?
What makes you think I don't want to be here?
What makes you think I don't want to do that again?
What makes you think I don't want to do that?
What makes you think I don't want to go?
What makes you think I don't want?
What makes you think I have any secrets?
What makes you think I have to do that again?
What makes you think I have to do that, too?
What makes you think I have to do that?
What makes you think I like you?
What makes you think I need a loan?
What makes you think I need any help?
What makes you think I need to do that again?
What makes you think I need to do that, too?
What makes you think I need to do that?
What makes you think I trust you?
What makes you think I want a new oboe?
What makes you think I want this?
What makes you think I want to be left alone?
What makes you think I want to do that again?
What makes you think I want to do that?
What makes you think I want to spend Christmas with Tom?
What makes you think I want to spend the night with you?
What makes you think I want your help?
What makes you think I was going to see Tom?
What makes you think I was it?
What makes you think I was on a date?
What makes you think I wasn't trying?
What makes you think I won't be able to do it?
What makes you think I won't be able to do that?
What makes you think I won't do that?
What makes you think I won't sing?
What makes you think I wouldn't enjoy that?
What makes you think I wrote that?
What makes you think I'd be tempted to do that?
What makes you think I'd be willing to do that?
What makes you think I'd do that?
What makes you think I'd ever do that?
What makes you think I'd like to do that again?
What makes you think I'd lose?
What makes you think I'd want that?
What makes you think I'd want to do that?
What makes you think I'd want to see that?
What makes you think I'll continue to support you?
What makes you think I'll help you?
What makes you think I'll like it?
What makes you think I'm a virgin?
What makes you think I'm bored?
What makes you think I'm from Australia?
What makes you think I'm gay?
What makes you think I'm going to follow Tom?
What makes you think I'm going to go to Boston with Tom?
What makes you think I'm going to help you?
What makes you think I'm going to resign?
What makes you think I'm hiding something?
What makes you think I'm lost?
What makes you think I'm lying?
What makes you think I'm not a Bakir?
What makes you think I'm not happy?
What makes you think I'm rich?
What makes you think I'm scared?
What makes you think I'm your friend?
What makes you think Kaliningrad is a European city?
What makes you think Mary can take care of herself?
What makes you think Tom and Mary are guilty?
What makes you think Tom and Mary are here?
What makes you think Tom and Mary are in trouble?
What makes you think Tom and Mary are still high school students?
What makes you think Tom and Mary aren't Canadians?
What makes you think Tom and Mary aren't guilty?
What makes you think Tom and Mary aren't happy here?
What makes you think Tom and Mary aren't native speakers?
What makes you think Tom and Mary can take care of themselves?
What makes you think Tom and Mary do that?
What makes you think Tom and Mary don't do that?
What makes you think Tom and Mary don't have to do that?
What makes you think Tom and Mary don't like you?
What makes you think Tom and Mary don't need to do that?
What makes you think Tom and Mary enjoy doing that?
What makes you think Tom and Mary have never been to Australia?
What makes you think Tom and Mary have never been to Boston?
What makes you think Tom and Mary have never done that?
What makes you think Tom and Mary have to do that today?
What makes you think Tom and Mary have to do that?
What makes you think Tom and Mary haven't done that already?
What makes you think Tom and Mary haven't done that yet?
What makes you think Tom and Mary haven't done that?
What makes you think Tom and Mary like you?
What makes you think Tom and Mary need to do that?
What makes you think Tom and Mary want to do that?
What makes you think Tom and Mary were talking to you?
What makes you think Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
What makes you think Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that?
What makes you think Tom can do that?
What makes you think Tom can do this?
What makes you think Tom can take care of himself?
What makes you think Tom can win?
What makes you think Tom can't do that?
What makes you think Tom can't win?
What makes you think Tom could do that?
What makes you think Tom could win?
What makes you think Tom couldn't do that?
What makes you think Tom couldn't win?
What makes you think Tom did it?
What makes you think Tom did that?
What makes you think Tom did this?
What makes you think Tom didn't do that?
What makes you think Tom didn't have to do that?
What makes you think Tom didn't need to do that?
What makes you think Tom didn't want to do that?
What makes you think Tom didn't win?
What makes you think Tom does that?
What makes you think Tom doesn't do that?
What makes you think Tom doesn't have to do that?
What makes you think Tom doesn't like Mary?
What makes you think Tom doesn't like you?
What makes you think Tom doesn't need to do that?
What makes you think Tom enjoyed doing that?
What makes you think Tom enjoys doing that?
What makes you think Tom had anything to do with it?
What makes you think Tom had to do that?
What makes you think Tom has never been to Australia?
What makes you think Tom has never been to Boston?
What makes you think Tom has never done that?
What makes you think Tom has to do that today?
What makes you think Tom has to do that?
What makes you think Tom hasn't bought the tickets yet?
What makes you think Tom hasn't done that already?
What makes you think Tom hasn't done that yet?
What makes you think Tom hasn't done that?
What makes you think Tom hates you?
What makes you think Tom is Mary's boyfriend?
What makes you think Tom is guilty?
What makes you think Tom is here?
What makes you think Tom is in trouble?
What makes you think Tom is interested in helping us?
What makes you think Tom is lonely?
What makes you think Tom is my type?
What makes you think Tom is not guilty?
What makes you think Tom is rich?
What makes you think Tom is still a high school student?
What makes you think Tom is wrong?
What makes you think Tom isn't a Canadian?
What makes you think Tom isn't a native speaker?
What makes you think Tom isn't guilty?
What makes you think Tom isn't happy here?
What makes you think Tom isn’t a native speaker?
What makes you think Tom likes heavy metal?
What makes you think Tom likes you?
What makes you think Tom needed to do that?
What makes you think Tom needs to do that?
What makes you think Tom ought to do that?
What makes you think Tom prefers living in the country?
What makes you think Tom said that?
What makes you think Tom should do that?
What makes you think Tom shouldn't do that?
What makes you think Tom wanted to do that?
What makes you think Tom wants to do that?
What makes you think Tom was absent yesterday?
What makes you think Tom was talking about you?
What makes you think Tom was talking to you?
What makes you think Tom was the one who did it?
What makes you think Tom was the one who did that?
What makes you think Tom was the one who stole your money?
What makes you think Tom wasn't the one who did that?
What makes you think Tom will be able to do that?
What makes you think Tom will be late?
What makes you think Tom will be there?
What makes you think Tom will cry?
What makes you think Tom will do that?
What makes you think Tom will enjoy doing that?
What makes you think Tom will like doing that?
What makes you think Tom will like this?
What makes you think Tom will listen to me?
What makes you think Tom will listen to you?
What makes you think Tom will listen?
What makes you think Tom will show up?
What makes you think Tom will want to do that?
What makes you think Tom will win?
What makes you think Tom won't be here on time?
What makes you think Tom won't be here today?
What makes you think Tom won't be there?
What makes you think Tom won't come today?
What makes you think Tom won't come?
What makes you think Tom won't do that?
What makes you think Tom won't help us?
What makes you think Tom won't help?
What makes you think Tom won't know how to do that?
What makes you think Tom won't like Mary?
What makes you think Tom won't like it?
What makes you think Tom won't want to do that?
What makes you think Tom won't win?
What makes you think Tom would be able to do that?
What makes you think Tom would be able to tell us how to do that?
What makes you think Tom would be interested in doing that?
What makes you think Tom would do something like that?
What makes you think Tom would do that?
What makes you think Tom would ever consider going on a date with Mary?
What makes you think Tom would ever do that?
What makes you think Tom would say something like that?
What makes you think Tom would want to do that?
What makes you think Tom would want to go with us?
What makes you think Tom wouldn't be able to do that?
What makes you think Tom wouldn't do that?
What makes you think Tom's plan won't work?
What makes you think fish can't feel pain?
What makes you think he doesn't like his new job?
What makes you think he had anything to do with it?
What makes you think he isn't a native speaker?
What makes you think he likes you?
What makes you think he'll do it?
What makes you think he's Tom Jackson?
What makes you think he's my type?
What makes you think he's not a child molester?
What makes you think he's not a hooligan?
What makes you think he's not a junkie?
What makes you think it was Tom who did this?
What makes you think it's a fake?
What makes you think it's gonna work for Ziri?
What makes you think it's impossible?
What makes you think it’s over?
What makes you think my favourite colour is green?
What makes you think she had anything to do with it?
What makes you think she likes you?
What makes you think she would betray you?
What makes you think she's my type?
What makes you think so?
What makes you think somebody was here?
What makes you think someone was here?
What makes you think that I am lying?
What makes you think that I can rap?
What makes you think that I did that?
What makes you think that I disagree with Tom?
What makes you think that I don't like her?
What makes you think that I don't like your friends?
What makes you think that I don't want Tom to do that?
What makes you think that I don't want to go?
What makes you think that I know how to do this any better than you do?
What makes you think that I like you?
What makes you think that I want a new oboe?
What makes you think that I want to be left alone?
What makes you think that I want to do that?
What makes you think that I'd do that?
What makes you think that I'd want to do that?
What makes you think that I'd want to see that?
What makes you think that I'll accept?
What makes you think that I'm against that?
What makes you think that I'm going to go to Boston with Tom?
What makes you think that I'm rich?
What makes you think that I’m against that?
What makes you think that Tom and Mary are Canadians?
What makes you think that Tom and Mary are going to be late again?
What makes you think that Tom and Mary are guilty?
What makes you think that Tom and Mary are planning on resigning?
What makes you think that Tom and Mary are planning to resign?
What makes you think that Tom and Mary are responsible?
What makes you think that Tom and Mary are unhappy?
What makes you think that Tom and Mary have never been to Australia?
What makes you think that Tom and Mary have never been to Boston?
What makes you think that Tom and Mary like heavy metal?
What makes you think that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
What makes you think that Tom can do that?
What makes you think that Tom can do this?
What makes you think that Tom can't do that?
What makes you think that Tom did that on purpose?
What makes you think that Tom did this?
What makes you think that Tom doesn't have to do that?
What makes you think that Tom doesn't need to do that?
What makes you think that Tom has never been to Australia?
What makes you think that Tom has never done that?
What makes you think that Tom has to do that today?
What makes you think that Tom has to do that?
What makes you think that Tom hasn't done that already?
What makes you think that Tom hasn't done that yet?
What makes you think that Tom is Canadian?
What makes you think that Tom is going to be late again?
What makes you think that Tom is lonely?
What makes you think that Tom is planning on resigning?
What makes you think that Tom is planning to ask Mary to marry him?
What makes you think that Tom is planning to resign?
What makes you think that Tom is responsible?
What makes you think that Tom is rich?
What makes you think that Tom is still a high school student?
What makes you think that Tom is unhappy?
What makes you think that Tom is wrong?
What makes you think that Tom likes "Heavy Metal"?
What makes you think that Tom likes heavy metal?
What makes you think that Tom needs to do that?
What makes you think that Tom prefers living in the country?
What makes you think that Tom wants to do that?
What makes you think that Tom was talking about you?
What makes you think that Tom was the one who did that?
What makes you think that Tom was the one who stole your money?
What makes you think that Tom wasn't the one who did that?
What makes you think that Tom will be late again?
What makes you think that Tom will do that?
What makes you think that Tom will enjoy doing that?
What makes you think that Tom will like doing that?
What makes you think that Tom will like this?
What makes you think that Tom will listen to me?
What makes you think that Tom will want to do that?
What makes you think that Tom won't be able to do that?
What makes you think that Tom won't know how to do that?
What makes you think that Tom won't pass the exam?
What makes you think that Tom won't want to do that?
What makes you think that Tom would be able to do that?
What makes you think that Tom would do something like that?
What makes you think that Tom would ever do that?
What makes you think that Tom would want to do that?
What makes you think that Tom wouldn't be able to do that?
What makes you think that Tom's interested in helping us?
What makes you think that a black kite will be interested in eating seeds?
What makes you think that everyone is conspiring against you?
What makes you think that green is my favourite colour?
What makes you think that isn't true?
What makes you think that it was Tom who did this?
What makes you think that it was Tom's fault?
What makes you think that might happen?
What makes you think that my favourite colour is green?
What makes you think that she's betraying you?
What makes you think that somebody was here?
What makes you think that someone was here?
What makes you think that that might happen?
What makes you think that that really happened?
What makes you think that that'll happen?
What makes you think that that'll work?
What makes you think that that's going to happen?
What makes you think that way?
What makes you think that we need to do that?
What makes you think that we would be interested?
What makes you think that you can do it now?
What makes you think that you're better than me?
What makes you think that your house is haunted?
What makes you think that your language is endangered?
What makes you think that'll be so difficult?
What makes you think that'll happen?
What makes you think that'll work?
What makes you think that's going to happen?
What makes you think that's what caused the fire?
What makes you think that?
What makes you think the Middle East is more important than Aotearoa?
What makes you think the Middle East is more important than Madagascar?
What makes you think the Middle East is more important than Mesoamerica, for instance?
What makes you think the Middle East is more important than the Andes?
What makes you think the Middle East is more important than the Arctic Eskimo lands?
What makes you think the Middle East is more important than the Pacific islands?
What makes you think the Middle East is more important than the great deserts of Australia?
What makes you think the Middle East is more important than the jungles of Amazon?
What makes you think they know who you are?
What makes you think this is the end?
What makes you think this sentence isn't correct?
What makes you think we can trust Tom?
What makes you think we have a secret?
What makes you think we have to do that?
What makes you think we haven't done that already?
What makes you think we need to do that?
What makes you think we should buy something for Tom?
What makes you think we shouldn't go?
What makes you think we won't succeed?
What makes you think what Tom said isn't true?
What makes you think you are better than me?
What makes you think you are not next?
What makes you think you can do it now?
What makes you think you can do that?
What makes you think you can put your mobile in my handbag without asking?
What makes you think you have to do that?
What makes you think you won't be able to do it?
What makes you think you're better than me?
What makes you think you're done?
What makes you think you're gay?
What makes you think you're my type?
What makes you tingle real bad?
What makes you truly unique and unrepeatable?
What makes you uncomfortable in a relationship?
What makes you uncomfortable?
What makes you unique compared to other people?
What makes you want to be with me now that your love isn’t the same?
What makes you want to look up "passionate"?
What makes you want to quit your chores?
What makes you want to spend time with me?
What makes you you and me me?
What makes your god any better than all the others?
What makes your heart race?
What mammals do people eat?
What man do you see?
What man fears most is what suits him.
What man has done, man can do.
What man is leading them?
What man is that with blood all over him? From the looks of him, he can tell us the latest news of the revolt.
What manner of insanity is this?
What mark did you get in the test?
What mark do you want to leave on the world?
What marks did Tom get in art?
What marks has Tom got in art?
What marvellous weather!
What marvelous weather.
What marvelous work he's doing, donating books to needy children!
What matches together?
What matters in life is not where you are but where you are headed.
What matters in life is not where you are right now, but the direction in which you are headed.
What matters in life is not where you are, but where you are headed.
What matters is experience.
What matters is how you play the game, not whether you win or lose.
What matters is not that it's over, but that it was something worth living for.
What matters is that I mean something to some small number of people.
What matters is the experience.
What matters is the way the public perceives you.
What matters is whether you do your best or not.
What matters most is freedom.
What matters most is the present, not the past.
What matters most now is Tom's health.
What matters most now is whether Tom decides to do that or not.
What matters the most to you and why does it matter to you?
What matters to you in life?
What may I eat?
What may I offer you?
What may be the causes of excessive salivation?
What meal are we going to have?
What meal are you making?
What meal is there?
What means of transport did you use to get here?
What measures are you taking to reduce churn?
What measures can I implement to change things?
What measures can we implement to stop him?
What measures did Tom take?
What measures do you suggest to build trust?
What measures do you take when the limit is exceeded?
What medication is Tom on?
What medications are you on?
What medications are you taking?
What medications do you usually take with you when you travel?
What medications do you usually take with you?
What medications have you been taking?
What medicine do you recommend?
What medicines are you taking at the moment?
What mediocre propaganda!
What meeting did I miss?
What memories do you have of your youth?
What memory!
What men don't see, God sees.
What metal is this item from?
What method did you use to give up smoking?
What method do the scientists use?
What method do you use to organize your files?
What method of birth control do you recommend?
What methods of contraception are you using?
What methods of payment do you accept?
What methods work best for language learning?
What methods yield the best results in language learning?
What might I like most about you?
What might Tom look like? Can he be tall? Does he have brown hair? Does he wear glasses?
What might a planet need to spawn life?
What might change that?
What might happen if China invades Taiwan?
What might happen this year?
What might happen?
What might help?
What might it be?
What might not have happened to men? What if cruelty had grown into a common passion? What if in this interval the race had lost its manliness, and had developed into something inhuman, unsympathetic, and overwhelmingly powerful? I might seem some old-world savage animal, only the more dreadful and disgusting for our common likeness— a foul creature to be incontinently slain.
What might that be?
What might the consequences be?
What might the diplomatic consequences of such an incident be?
What mileage do you get with this car?
What mileage does this car have?
What minute did they score the goal?
What miraculous sign can you show us to prove your authority to do all this?
What miserable weather we're having today!
What mistake did I make?
What mistake was that?
What mode of transportation will we use?
What money he earns he spends on books.
What month are you?
What month is it now?
What month is it?
What month is this?
What month is your birthday?
What months are in the calendar?
What more can I ask?
What more can I do?
What more can I say?
What more can Tom and Mary do?
What more can Tom do?
What more can a girl ask for?
What more can a man do?
What more can a woman do?
What more can be done to resolve this?
What more can be done?
What more can be said?
What more can we do but wait?
What more can we do to help?
What more can we do?
What more can we offer?
What more can we say?
What more can you do?
What more can you give that I haven't already got?
What more can you say?
What more can you show me?
What more can you tell us about Tom?
What more can you want?
What more could I ask for?
What more could I want?
What more could Yanni possibly want?
What more could a girl ask for?
What more could a girl want?
What more could a man want?
What more could a person want?
What more could a woman want?
What more could have been done?
What more could one ask for?
What more could they have done?
What more could they have said?
What more could we ask for?
What more could we do?
What more could we have done?
What more could we possibly do?
What more could you ask for?
What more could you want?
What more did he say?
What more do I need to know?
What more do I need?
What more do Tom and Mary need?
What more do Tom and Mary want?
What more do they want?
What more do we need to consider?
What more do we need to do?
What more do we need to make us happy?
What more do you have to prove?
What more do you need from me?
What more do you need?
What more do you require?
What more do you want from me?
What more do you want me to do?
What more do you want, Tom?
What more do you want?
What more does Tom need?
What more does Tom want?
What more have you found out about Ziri?
What more is there to be done?
What more is there to consider?
What more is there to know?
What more is there to say on this subject?
What more is there to say?
What more is there?
What more need be said?
What more should I say, but that this miller would not put aside his words for anyone, telling his boorish tale in his manner? I think I shall repeat it here.
What more will I get?
What more would you expect from a bad man?
What more would you want?
What most defines a community?
What motivated Tom to do that?
What motivated Yanni to file for a divorce?
What motivated that?
What motivated the change?
What motivated them?
What motivated these kids?
What motivated you to become a polyglot?
What motivated you to convert to Islam?
What motivated you to do that?
What motivated you to wear the hijab?
What motivated you?
What motivates people to engage in physical activity?
What motivates you to act the way you do?
What motivates you to continue behaving in such a manner despite its negative consequences?
What motivates you to help others?
What motivates you to learn foreign languages?
What motivates you to work hard?
What motivates you?
What motives could Tom have?
What mountain do you think is the second highest in Japan?
What moves thee, O man, to quit thy city habitations and leave thy friends and kin, and go in places wild by reason of mountains and valleys, if not the natural beauty of the world, the which, if thou well considerest, thou enjoyest only through the sense of sight?
What movie are you going to see?
What movie are you planning to watch?
What movie are you watching?
What movie characters do you like?
What movie did Mary tell you she wanted to see?
What movie did Tom and Mary tell you they wanted to see?
What movie did Tom tell you he wanted to see?
What movie did Tom want to see?
What movie did you see?
What movie did you watch?
What movie do you intend to watch next?
What movie do you really want to see?
What movie do you want to see?
What movie do you want to watch next?
What movie do you want to watch?
What movie have you seen the most times?
What movie is this?
What movie should we see?
What movie was it that you told me I should watch?
What movie would you like to watch?
What movie would you suggest we see?
What movie would you suggest we watch?
What movies are playing now?
What movies are playing this week?
What movies are showing now?
What movies did he direct?
What movies do you want to see this summer?
What movies have you seen lately?
What movies have you seen recently?
What movies have you watched lately?
What movies just opened?
What much of the world calls football is called soccer in America.
What muscles do squats target?
What museums are there in the city?
What museums are there in town?
What museums would you like to visit?
What museums would you recommend I visit?
What museums would you recommend that I visit?
What music by Chopin have you heard?
What music do you find interesting?
What music do you like?
What music do you listen to?
What music should we play?
What musical instruments do you know how to play?
What must I do to convince you?
What must I do?
What must Tom say so that Mary forgives him?
What must be done if the plan proves unworkable?
What must be done when a patient has convulsions?
What must be done?
What must be must be.
What must be, must be.
What must he have?
What must one keep in mind during a kiss, above all else? The singer Max Raabe answers this important question.
What must we do to avoid having this problem again?
What must we do?
What must you do now?
What must you do?
What my father bequeathed, I inherited.
What my father did to my mother was very traumatizing to us.
What my life would have been like if Dad didn't die?
What my mother had said was true.
What my teacher did was unprofessional.
What name did you give him?
What name did you give the bird?
What name should I respond to?
What name will be given to the child?
What name would you like to give him?
What narrow stairs!
What nationality are you?
What nationality are your neighbors?
What nationality are your teachers?
What nationality is Tom?
What nationality were your grandparents?
What nationality were your students? "Latvian"
What natural foods help curb the appetite?
What need you care, Sir, whose dunghill you shit on!
What needs to be changed to get this to work?
What needs to be discussed?
What needs to be done next?
What needs to be done?
What negligence!
What nerve to have shouted: "Silence!" answered him his brother.
What network topologies do you know about?
What never existed can't come back.
What new French words have you learned recently?
What new facts did you manage to ferret out?
What new technologies are needed for future space missions?
What newspaper do you read?
What newspaper do you subscribe to?
What newspaper do you take?
What newspaper do you work for?
What newspaper does he read?
What newspaper does she take?
What newspaper would you prefer?
What newspapers do you subscribe to?
What newspapers have you subscribed to?
What next move are you planning on?
What night of Hanukkah is it?
What noise do giraffes make?
What noise does a stegosaurus make?
What noise might giraffes make?
What non-alcoholic drinks do you have?
What non-prescription medications are you taking?
What nonsense are you talking about!
What nonsense are you talking about?
What nonsense are you talking now?
What nonsense he talks.
What nonsense is this?
What nonsense!
What nonsense, there's no rhyme nor reason to what you're saying.
What now then?
What now, my friend?
What now, you wretch? You thinking of protecting her?
What now?
What now? Are we going or not?
What number bus do I take to get to Park Street?
What number bus do I take to get to Waikiki?
What number bus do I take?
What number can I reach you at?
What number is the downtown train?
What number should I call in case of an emergency?
What object is served by this circle of misery and violence and fear? It must tend to some end, or else our universe is ruled by chance, which is unthinkable. But what end? There is the great standing perennial problem to which human reason is as far from an answer as ever.
What obnoxious behaviour!
What occurred on the night of October 20th?
What occurred with him?
What odd weather!
What office does Tom hold?
What old books these are!
What on Earth is that?
What on Earth is this?
What on earth are we going to do?
What on earth are you doing here?
What on earth are you doing in a fishing boat?
What on earth are you doing in my office?
What on earth are you doing in my room?
What on earth are you doing in such a lonely place?
What on earth are you doing with your life?
What on earth are you doing!
What on earth are you doing?
What on earth are you hoping to accomplish?
What on earth are you looking at?
What on earth are you looking for?
What on earth are you talking about?
What on earth are you thinking about?
What on earth are you trying to say?
What on earth did Tom mean?
What on earth did you expect to happen?
What on earth did you expect would happen?
What on earth did you expect?
What on earth did you give Tom?
What on earth did you put it on the menu for?
What on earth did you take me for?
What on earth did you think would happen?
What on earth do you have to do that's so urgent?
What on earth do you think you're doing?
What on earth do you think you’re doing?
What on earth do you want six copies of the same book for?
What on earth do you want to talk to Tom about?
What on earth does this have to do with me?
What on earth gave you that idea?
What on earth got into you?
What on earth happened here?
What on earth happened to Tom?
What on earth happened?
What on earth has happened?
What on earth have you done?
What on earth is Tom doing?
What on earth is Tom expecting?
What on earth is Tom saying?
What on earth is Tom thinking?
What on earth is Tom trying to do?
What on earth is Tom wearing?
What on earth is Yanni trying to do?
What on earth is an adjunct?
What on earth is an interrobang‽
What on earth is going on here?
What on earth is happening here?
What on earth is happening in there?
What on earth is happening now?
What on earth is happening outside?
What on earth is happening?
What on earth is he doing here?
What on earth is it?
What on earth is that?
What on earth is the matter?
What on earth is the problem?
What on earth is this?
What on earth makes you say that?
What on earth makes you think you can fool me?
What on earth put such a notion into your head?
What on earth spurred them to such an action?
What on earth was I thinking?
What on earth was Tom trying to do?
What on earth was all that about?
What on earth was happening?
What on earth was that?
What on earth were you expecting to happen?
What on earth were you expecting would happen?
What on earth were you expecting?
What on earth were you thinking, bringing him here?
What on earth were you thinking?
What on earth?
What on this earth could my wife be doing out on the country road at three in the morning?
What one cannot see is what is distant; instead, look at what is near.
What one has sown one will have to reap.
What one has to learn is more than the language.
What one is is more important than what one has.
What one man can invent another can discover.
What one says is more important than how one says it.
What operas are being performed at the Lincoln Center right now?
What operating system do you use?
What operating system would you recommend to your friends?
What opportunities does China see in Algeria?
What options do I have left?
What options do I have to change the outcome?
What options do we have?
What options do you have?
What options have we got?
What options have you got?
What or who is at fault?
What order do these come in?
What order do these go in?
What order of mammals do armadillos belong to?
What other Russian proverbs do you know?
What other choice did I have?
What other choice did Ziri have?
What other choice do we have?
What other choice does Tom have?
What other choice does he have?
What other choice is there?
What other choices do we have to consider?
What other cities in Australia have you been to?
What other cities in Australia have you visited?
What other days do you have available?
What other deserts do you know of?
What other excuse could I have?
What other explanation can there be?
What other explanation is there?
What other film was that actor in?
What other foods you like?
What other forms do I need to fill out?
What other games did you play?
What other kind of music do you like?
What other kinds of music do you like?
What other languages besides English do you speak?
What other languages do you know?
What other languages do you speak?
What other languages would you like to learn and why?
What other languages ​​has he sung in?
What other movies did you watch?
What other museums do you want to visit?
What other option do I have?
What other option is there?
What other options are there?
What other options do I have?
What other options do we have?
What other options do you have?
What other people think of me is none of my business.
What other possibilities should we consider?
What other reason could I have?
What other reason could there be?
What other sentence could you add?
What other sights are there to see in the city?
What other sights are there to see in town?
What other songs can you sing?
What other songs do you want to sing?
What other spices should I add?
What other sports are you good at?
What other teenage girls do you know who spend their time making up sentences?
What other things are you good at?
What other things do you need?
What other way is there to do this?
What other way is there?
What others think of a person really matters in Japan.
What ought I to have done?
What ought to be done?
What our country desires is peace.
What outcome should we expect?
What page are we on?
What page are you on?
What page is Tom on?
What page should I read to you?
What page?
What pain are you trying to cover up with alcohol?
What pains you, pains me too.
What paint do you prefer?
What paper does she take?
What papers do you take in?
What papers do you take?
What part didn't make sense to you?
What part do you agree with?
What part does Tom agree with?
What part does Tom not agree with?
What part don't you agree with?
What part don't you understand?
What part is wrong?
What part of "Be patient" don't you understand?
What part of "no" don't you understand?
What part of "not now" did you not understand?
What part of "not now" didn't you understand?
What part of Algiers do you live in?
What part of Australia are you from?
What part of Australia do you come from?
What part of Australia does Tom live in?
What part of Betty Grable's anatomy was famously insured for $1,000,000?
What part of Betty Grable’s anatomy was famously insured for $1,000,000?
What part of Boston do Tom and Mary live in?
What part of Boston do you live in?
What part of Boston does Tom live in?
What part of Canada are you from?
What part of Canada do you come from?
What part of Europe do you want to visit?
What part of Russia is she from?
What part of Spain are you from?
What part of Spain did Picasso come from?
What part of my explanation didn't you understand?
What part of not drawing attention to ourselves do you not understand?!
What part of the city is your hotel in?
What part of the country did they settle in?
What part of the movie did you like best?
What part of the report do you think needs to be rewritten.
What part of town do you live in?
What part of your body is the most exciting?
What part of your trip did you like best?
What parts of Australia have you visited?
What parts of speech do you know?
What parts of the city have to be visited?
What party should I vote for?
What passes for leisure in our society is actually time-consuming.
What passion cannot music raise and quell?
What passions cannot music raise or quell?
What path am I taking?
What payment options are available?
What people are coming to the party?
What people call "AI" isn't in danger of becoming sentient.
What people call "decolonization" is often anything but.
What people call destiny is just their own stupidity.
What people call political correctness is in reality politeness.
What people get wrong about the story of Abraham being asked to sacrifice Isaac, is that they were surrounded by peoples who really did sacrifice their children to their gods. In sparing Isaac, God signals that He will be a new kind of god, one that doesn't ask for the blood of children.
What people say is not always true.
What people say isn't always true.
What people wrote remains.
What people!
What percent of Earth's land is farmable?
What percentage of Finns are Finno-Swedes?
What percentage of all taxi drivers make unscrupulous detours, do you think?
What percentage of illnesses are associated with inadequate diets?
What percentage of marriages end in divorce?
What percentage of my diet should be insects?
What percentage of our bodies is water?
What percentage of the American population lives near the coast?
What percentage of the people speak three languages?
What percentage of the students are admitted to colleges?
What percentage of the students in your class are girls?
What percentage of your blood is caffeine?
What period is this painting from?
What person does everyone take off his hat to?
What person is normal?
What person who understands music could say that his playing is good?
What person would retire for life in this day and age?
What persuaded you to accept this unusual challenge?
What persuaded you to learn German?
What pessimism!
What pet is always found on the floor?
What pharmacies are nearby?
What photo do we use?
What photos are we talking about?
What pissed Ziri off?
What pity is it that we can die but once to serve our country.
What place did you go to?
What place did you see?
What place do you want to go to?
What place have you traveled to the most?
What place on Earth could be better than the place your people came from?
What place were you just talking about?
What place?
What places are you planning to visit in your travels? And how? And why?
What places do you enjoy?
What places does that tour visit?
What places would you like to visit?
What plan do you have?
What plane are you on?
What planet are you from?
What planet do fungi come from?
What planet do you live on?
What planets are visible tonight?
What plans do you have for Sunday?
What plant is that?
What platform are you using to translate your app?
What platform does my train leave from?
What platform does the downtown train leave from?
What platform does the train for Boston leave from?
What platform does the train leave from?
What play did you see?
What pleases you usually pleases me.
What point are you making?
What point are you trying to prove with this?
What point was he trying to make?
What police thought was a distressed cat turned out to be a man practicing the cuica, a drum which produces noise by rubbing a stick attached to the drumhead from the inside.
What politics can't get done, panic does.
What portents of pleasure I fancy / Return with these bright sunny rays! / What visions of lazing I can see, / Of languorous, sweet Summer days; / Of yachting and sea-side diversions, / And getting as brown as a bun: / Of rambles and Alpine excursions— / For here is the Sun!
What portrait do you see?
What position do you hold?
What position do you like sleeping in?
What position do you play?
What position does Tom play?
What possessed her to go with him?
What possessed you to whine about "Jewish power" to me?
What possible difference could that make?
What possible harm could it do?
What possible help could that be?
What possible problems might we have?
What possible reason would Tom have to do that?
What practice?
What precautions should be taken?
What precisely are you doing?
What precisely did you do?
What precisely does that mean?
What precisely happened here yesterday?
What precisely is the meaning of the word Boston?
What prefecture are you from?
What present did you give her?
What present did you give him?
What presents did you get for Christmas?
What pretty eyes you have!
What pretty flowers!
What prevented Tom from accepting that job?
What prevented Tom from coming yesterday?
What prevented Tom from coming?
What prevented Tom from doing that?
What prevented her from coming yesterday?
What prevented him from coming?
What prevented you from coming earlier?
What prevented you from coming here yesterday?
What prevented you from coming to the concert?
What prevented you from coming yesterday?
What prevented you from doing that?
What prevented you from working?
What prevents Tom from accepting that job?
What prevents you from addressing Tom?
What prevents you from helping Tom?
What price are you asking for it?
What price did he quote you for the pair of earrings?
What price did you have to pay for that?
What price do we have to pay for these advantages?
What price will you give for this?
What principle is this you're saying based on?
What prize did he win?
What problem are they handling?
What problem did you notice?
What problem did you tell Tom you had?
What problems are you planning to resolve next year?
What problems arose for you?
What problems did they run into?
What problems did you find?
What problems did you have?
What problems did you run into?
What problems do you have?
What products are currently on sale?
What profit hath a man of all his labour which he taketh under the sun?
What program are you watching?
What program did you make that with?
What program is Ziri in?
What programming language does everybody like?
What programming languages do you know?
What programs do you usually watch on TV?
What programs do you watch on TV?
What programs do you watch?
What project are you working on?
What projection is this planisphere in?
What projects are you currently working on?
What projects are you working on now?
What projects you're currently working on?
What promotions do you have?
What prompted that?
What prompted you to do that?
What prompted you to do this?
What prompted you to move out?
What prompted you to study Portuguese?
What prompted you to take up violin?
What proof do you have that Tom and Mary were the ones who stole your mother's necklace?
What proof do you have that Tom was the one who stole your mother's necklace?
What proof do you have that Tom was the one who stole your mother’s necklace?
What proof do you have that he committed this crime?
What proof do you have?
What proof is there?
What proves Yanni's infidelity?
What public equipment is there?
What puerile behaviour! Grow up!
What punishment does someone who makes so many mistakes in language school deserve?
What punishment should Tom get?
What purpose does it have aside from for amusement?
What purpose does this serve?
What purpose would that serve?
What pushes them to do it?
What put it in your head to come here now?
What put such an idea into your head?
What puts you in a good mood?
What puzzled us was that he said he would not attend the meeting.
What puzzles (and saddens) me the most is that in the species Homo sapiens there are individuals who maintain that the prodigious design of Nature and Life is not due to an Intelligence, but to entirely accidental events and an absolutely blind law of evolution.
What puzzles me most is why Tom even bothered to go see Mary.
What qualifications do you have?
What qualifications have you got?
What qualities about yourself do you value?
What qualities do you admire in leaders?
What qualities do you admire in others?
What qualities do you admire in yourself?
What qualities do you like in a pet?
What qualities do you most admire in Tom?
What qualities do you value most in a friend?
What quality do you admire most in others?
What quantity of paper do you need?
What questions did Tom ask you?
What questions did they ask?
What questions do you have about Turkey?
What questions do you have for me?
What questions haven’t I asked you?
What radio station do you like best?
What radio station do you usually listen to?
What rank do you hold?
What rank is Tom?
What rascal dared to break the door to the royal room?
What rate of exchange is today?
What rating would you give this food?
What reactionaries are mad about isn't that the word "woman" is supposedly being banned, but that people are coming up with inclusive terminology for trans men.
What really causes snoring?
What really counts is friendship.
What really happened between Tom and Mary?
What really happened between you and Tom?
What really happened here?
What really happened in the canyon?
What really happened last weekend in Boston?
What really happened out there?
What really happened that day?
What really happened that evening?
What really happened there?
What really happened to Tom and Mary?
What really happened to Tom?
What really happened to her?
What really happened to him?
What really happened to them?
What really happened to us?
What really happened to you?
What really happened?
What really interests me a lot is astronomy.
What really is going on here?
What really is wrong?
What really makes us stand out is actually our great and overbearing number.
What really makes you angry?
What really matters is how we deal with this issue.
What really matters is how we deal with this matter.
What really matters is how we treat each other.
What really matters more is what I think, not really what you think!
What really matters the most is how we deal with this issue.
What really puts you off?
What really surprised me most about Tom was how tall he was.
What really surprised me most about her was how tall she was.
What really surprised me most was how many hours a day Tom slept.
What really surprised me most was how many hours a day he slept.
What really surprised me most was that I was the only one who got fired.
What really surprised me most was that Tom and I were the only ones who got fired.
What really took place?
What really went on in that house?
What really went wrong here?
What really wiggles my tits is singing out of tune.
What reason could I possibly have to lie to you?
What reason could Tom possibly have to lie to you?
What reason did Tom give for doing that?
What reason did Tom give you for not wanting to go with you?
What reason did he give for being so late?
What reason does Yanni have for filming this?
What reasoning could underlie their latest decision?
What reasons would Tom have for doing such a thing?
What reasons would Tom have for doing that?
What regiment are you from?
What regiment are you with?
What regiment is Tom in?
What regiment were you in?
What regulations would apply?
What relation is she to you?
What relationship is there between thought and language? Is it possible to think without language?
What relieves the pain?
What religion do you believe in?
What religious custom was adopted by the rulers?
What remained was a bitter aftertaste.
What remains after ten years of marriage is the routine.
What remains in the country now?
What remains in the heart is memory and bitterness.
What remains now to be done?
What remains of life as well as being loved?
What remains, but a few stones, of the house that once stood at the center of a large farm?
What reptiles do people eat?
What resolution are you playing the game at?
What resources are in place to encourage employee development?
What resources or tools do you find most helpful for language learning?
What restaurants are in this area?
What restaurants are nearby?
What results do you anticipate?
What rhymes with Tatoeba?
What rhymes with Tom?
What riddle is this?
What right do they have to do that?
What right do you have to order us around?
What right had you to follow me?
What right have you to criticize me?
What ring are you seeing?
What risks does this operation carry?
What risks does this operation have?
What river are you on about? Do you mean this stream?
What river goes through Zaragoza?
What river is this?
What rivers run through Arizona?
What road is this?
What rock have you been hiding under?
What role can the Internet play in teaching?
What role can the internet play in education?
What role did that play in her getting elected?
What role did that play in him getting elected?
What role did that play in his getting elected?
What role did these discursive changes play in the revolution?
What role do you want?
What role does cultural understanding play in language learning for you?
What role does money play for you?
What role does the Chorus play?
What role will electric cars play in the mobility of the future?
What roles do languages play in the world?
What room in your house do you spend the most time in?
What room is Tom in?
What room would you like to reserve?
What rooms are there in your house?
What rotten luck!
What rude language he uses!
What rule did Tom break?
What salary do you offer?
What sauce do you use for this dish?
What say you, Mary? For you are a young lady of deep reflection, I know, and read great books and make extracts.
What say you?
What scared Tom off?
What scared Tom the most was the thought that he might not be able to walk again.
What scared Tom?
What scared you, silly?
What scared you?
What scares me most is having to explain to people how and why to wash their hands with soap.
What scares you most?
What school a person graduated from counts for nothing.
What school a person graduated from doesn't matter.
What school did you attend before this one?
What school did you go to before this one?
What school did you go to?
What school do you go to?
What school do you want to go to?
What school does Tom attend?
What school subjects are you good at?
What school year are you in?
What screams "I'm insecure"?
What script is this language written in?
What sculpture is to a block of marble, education is to a human soul.
What search engine do you use?
What season are we in?
What season do you like best?
What season do you like the best?
What season of year is it now?
What seats do you want?
What secondary school did you go to?
What secondary school do you go to?
What secret grief is troubling you?
What secret is Tom hiding?
What secrets does the dawn reveal?
What secrets does the moon hide?
What secrets does the moon reveal?
What secrets does the ocean hide?
What seems easy at first often turns out to be difficult.
What seems simple to you seems complex to me.
What seems to be Tom's problem?
What seems to be the cause of the trouble?
What seems to be the matter?
What seems to be the problem here?
What seems to be the problem today?
What seems to be the problem with the machine?
What seems to be the problem with your car?
What seems to be the problem, Tom?
What seems to be the problem, officer?
What seems to be the problem?
What seems to be the problems today?
What seems to be the situation?
What seems to be the trouble?
What seems to us serious, significant and important will, in future times, be forgotten or won't seem important at all.
What sentence did you have in minid?
What sentences would we write if Tom and Mary died in this very moment?
What separates Guangdong from Guangxi?
What serious contemplation are you in?
What services do sexual health clinics (GUM clinics) provide?
What services do you offer?
What set off the smoke alarm?
What sets him apart is his sense of style.
What sets the two of us apart is that I have class.
What sets us apart from other species?
What sets video streaming apart from other data transfers at the TMC (transportation management center) is that video streaming requires the transfer of significantly more data. The amount of data transferred varies based on the video resolution, compression algorithm, bitrate, etc. but can vary from a few megabytes (MB) to hundreds of MB per frame.
What setting do you prefer for a perfect date?
What shall I add?
What shall I begin with?
What shall I bring from the shop?
What shall I bring?
What shall I cook for dinner?
What shall I cook for the guests tomorrow?
What shall I cook for you?
What shall I cook today?
What shall I do for you?
What shall I do in the meantime?
What shall I do next?
What shall I do with her letter?
What shall I do with his luggage?
What shall I do with it?
What shall I do with that?
What shall I do with the knife?
What shall I do?
What shall I do? Shall I be caught in wrong again?
What shall I experience?
What shall I give her?
What shall I give him?
What shall I go in?
What shall I make Tom for lunch?
What shall I make for dinner?
What shall I make for tea?
What shall I put on over my sweater?
What shall I put on: pants or a skirt?
What shall I put on: trousers or a skirt?
What shall I tell Tom?
What shall I tell him?
What shall I wear when going there?
What shall I write here?
What shall tomorrow bring us?
What shall we bet?
What shall we buy him for his birthday?
What shall we buy with that money?
What shall we call the dog?
What shall we cook today?
What shall we cook?
What shall we do afterwards?
What shall we do at the weekend? I rather fancy going for a long cycle ride in the country.
What shall we do in the meantime?
What shall we do next?
What shall we do now?
What shall we do on your next days off?
What shall we do this evening?
What shall we do till that time?
What shall we do today?
What shall we do tonight?
What shall we do with the rainwater we've caught, Tom?
What shall we do with this delinquent girl?
What shall we do?
What shall we eat for breakfast?
What shall we eat tonight?
What shall we get her for her birthday?
What shall we have for dinner?
What shall we have for lunch?
What shall we have to eat today?
What shall we have tonight?
What shall we play?
What shall we say to this? Anything else than to agree?
What shall we talk about?
What shampoo do you use?
What shape is it in?
What shape should I cut the crotch for the trousers?
What shapes the domestic politics of Algeria?
What she ate almost killed her.
What she ate gave her an upset stomach.
What she bought there was a camera.
What she bought was very expensive.
What she did cost her life and the lives of others.
What she did is very wrong.
What she did was wrong.
What she heard chilled her to the bone.
What she is saying is very important.
What she is trying to say is that you're a jackass.
What she lacks in charisma she makes up for with hard work.
What she liked best was herring roe.
What she means is reasonable in a certain sense.
What she misses the most is her husband.
What she needs is practice.
What she needs now more than anything is rest.
What she said can't be believed.
What she said did not make sense.
What she said doesn't make sense.
What she said is wrong.
What she said made him angry.
What she said might be true.
What she said sounds strange.
What she said turned out to be a lie.
What she said turned out to be false.
What she said was an enigma to me.
What she said was completely meaningless.
What she said wasn't true.
What she said wasn’t true.
What she saw in that man I cannot imagine.
What she saw surprised her.
What she says is right in a sense.
What she says is the pure truth.
What she says is true.
What she says is very true.
What she says makes sense.
What she says may be true.
What she says sounds strange.
What she told me was the exact opposite of what they told me yesterday.
What she told me yesterday is a white lie.
What she told us proves to be true.
What she wanted, she never got it.
What she wants to say just adds up to a refusal.
What she wrote is true in a sense.
What she'd said wasn't entirely true.
What she's saying isn't true.
What shelf is it on?
What shelf is the book on?
What ship are you seeing?
What ship did Tom arrive on?
What ship did he arrive on?
What ship did she arrive on?
What ship did you arrive on?
What ship were you on?
What ship will you arrive on?
What shirt is pink?
What shirt size do you normally wear?
What shirt size should I have?
What shirt will you wear to school today?
What shocked us greatly was his sudden resignation.
What shoe size is she?
What shoes are too big?
What shoes are too small?
What shoes are you wearing?
What shoes do you like?
What shoes do you wear?
What shoes does he like?
What shoes fit well?
What should Algeria do now?
What should Algeria do to prove that it is fully democratic?
What should Algeria prioritize to diversify its economy?
What should Algerians do?
What should I advise Tom to do?
What should I ask Tom?
What should I be doing?
What should I bring you?
What should I bring?
What should I buy Tom for Christmas?
What should I buy Tom for his birthday?
What should I buy as a wedding gift?
What should I buy for Tom?
What should I buy for a New Year's gift?
What should I buy him for Valentine's Day?
What should I buy him for his birthday?
What should I buy my dad for Christmas? A tie maybe?
What should I buy?
What should I call the kitten?
What should I call you?
What should I change to get this to work?
What should I clean now?
What should I cook for dinner?
What should I cook today?
What should I do about Tom?
What should I do about her?
What should I do about him?
What should I do about that?
What should I do about them?
What should I do about this?
What should I do after contact with someone else's blood or saliva?
What should I do first?
What should I do if I become depressed while studying abroad?
What should I do if I encounter a bear?
What should I do if I get sick again?
What should I do if I have trouble logging in?
What should I do if I injure myself with a used needle?
What should I do if I know my client has lied under oath?
What should I do if I miss a dose of antibiotics?
What should I do if I think I've got an STI?
What should I do if I think my baby is allergic or intolerant to cows' milk?
What should I do if I'm attacked by a grizzly bear?
What should I do if I'm involved in a traffic accident?
What should I do if Tom and Mary come?
What should I do if Tom calls?
What should I do if Tom comes?
What should I do if Tom doesn't show up?
What should I do if Tom gets sick again?
What should I do if Tom has another panic attack?
What should I do if a customer tries to flirt with me?
What should I do if it starts to thunder?
What should I do if my erection will not go down?
What should I do if my husband is impotent?
What should I do if my penis is torn?
What should I do if my wife snores?
What should I do if someone is choking?
What should I do in a situation like this?
What should I do in case of a fire?
What should I do in case of fire?
What should I do in order to save time?
What should I do in order to spare time?
What should I do in that case?
What should I do in the meantime?
What should I do in this situation?
What should I do in this terrible dilemma?
What should I do in your opinion?
What should I do instead?
What should I do later?
What should I do more for you to feel stronger connection? Is there anything you'd like me to avoid doing?
What should I do next?
What should I do now?
What should I do on my first date?
What should I do then?
What should I do to arouse desire in the man I'm interested in?
What should I do to arouse desire in the man I’m interested in?
What should I do to avoid getting mauled by a bear?
What should I do to find a suitable job for myself?
What should I do to get a job?
What should I do to heal my broken leg?
What should I do to save time?
What should I do to spare time?
What should I do to stop hiccoughs?
What should I do to stop hiccups?
What should I do to treat my sprained leg?
What should I do today?
What should I do tomorrow morning?
What should I do until 8 o'clock?
What should I do until 8 o'clock?!
What should I do until 8 o’clock?!
What should I do until then?
What should I do with Tom?
What should I do with all that stuff over there?
What should I do with all this stuff?
What should I do with her?
What should I do with him if I find him?
What should I do with him?
What should I do with that?
What should I do with the books on the table?
What should I do with them?
What should I do with these empty bags?
What should I do with these?
What should I do with this cat?
What should I do with this?
What should I do without you?
What should I do! I mistook my father's company documents for trash and crumpled them!
What should I do, Jamal?
What should I do, Tom?
What should I do?
What should I do? I burned the pot!
What should I do? I don't want any of that!
What should I do? There's nothing I want!
What should I drink?
What should I eat for lunch today?
What should I eat?
What should I explain?
What should I feed my dog?
What should I get Tom for Christmas?
What should I get Tom for his birthday?
What should I get her?
What should I get my new girlfriend for her birthday?
What should I get?
What should I give Tom for Christmas?
What should I give Tom?
What should I have done in that situation?
What should I have done?
What should I have for dinner?
What should I have for lunch?
What should I have said?
What should I keep in my first aid kit?
What should I look for?
What should I look out for if I get lost on the road whilst travelling in Japan.
What should I name it?
What should I order?
What should I pay attention to?
What should I prepare for?
What should I press? The left button.
What should I put in the subject line for my email application?
What should I put on over my sweater?
What should I say if she asks about you?
What should I say if she asks after you?
What should I say now?
What should I say to Tom?
What should I say to her?
What should I say to him?
What should I say to them?
What should I say?
What should I see?
What should I send to them?
What should I talk about?
What should I tell Tom if I see him?
What should I tell Tom it's for?
What should I tell Tom now?
What should I tell Tom?
What should I tell her?
What should I tell him?
What should I tell my mom?
What should I tell my sister now?
What should I tell the kids now?
What should I tell the patient now?
What should I tell them?
What should I watch?
What should I wear tonight?
What should I wear?
What should I write about today?
What should I write about?
What should I write as the reason for applying to ES?
What should I write here?
What should I write to Tom?
What should I, as an atheist who hasn't been baptised, do?
What should Tom and Mary do about that?
What should Tom and Mary do next?
What should Tom and Mary do now?
What should Tom and Mary do?
What should Tom be afraid of?
What should Tom be doing?
What should Tom do about Mary?
What should Tom do about that?
What should Tom do next?
What should Tom do now?
What should Tom do?
What should Tom have done?
What should Yanni do instead?
What should Ziri do to get his brother back?
What should a healthy breakfast consist of?
What should a man do to obtain it?
What should a person feel to buy something?
What should be done here?
What should be done if we want to find our soul mate?
What should be done now?
What should be done?
What should be in a first aid kit?
What should be my next step?
What should be our next step?
What should happen next?
What should have happened?
What should he do about the children?
What should he do with them?
What should he do?
What should he fear, who doesn't fear death?
What should my daily intake of calories be?
What should my testicles look and feel like?
What should one ask to start a conversation?
What should one do in this case?
What should one do to get noticed around here?
What should one do when they are lost on a street travelling in Japan?
What should she do for lunch?
What should she do?
What should the three of us do tomorrow afternoon?
What should there be in a medicine cabinet?
What should they build?
What should they do in this situation?
What should they do?
What should we advise Tom to do?
What should we be doing right now?
What should we be doing?
What should we be looking for?
What should we buy with that money?
What should we buy with this money?
What should we buy?
What should we call the company?
What should we call this hybrid?
What should we call this?
What should we call you?
What should we concentrate on?
What should we cook?
What should we deduce from Aristotle's assertion that women have fewer teeth than men: that he had small knowledge of women or that he couldn't count?
What should we discuss next?
What should we discuss?
What should we do about Tom?
What should we do about her?
What should we do about him?
What should we do about it?
What should we do about that?
What should we do about them?
What should we do about this problem?
What should we do about this situation?
What should we do about this?
What should we do after Tom and Mary get here?
What should we do after Tom gets here?
What should we do after school?
What should we do apart from getting outraged and protesting?
What should we do during our next vacation?
What should we do first?
What should we do for a long and healthy life?
What should we do for entertainment?
What should we do for lunch?
What should we do if Mom didn't give us money?
What should we do if Mom didn’t give us money?
What should we do if Tom comes late?
What should we do if Tom does that?
What should we do if Tom doesn't come?
What should we do if Tom doesn't do that?
What should we do if a typhoon comes?
What should we do if he comes late?
What should we do if he happens to come late?
What should we do if it rains?
What should we do if someone sees us?
What should we do if something goes wrong?
What should we do if the plan doesn't work?
What should we do if the police knock at our door?
What should we do in the event of a fire?
What should we do in the meantime?
What should we do instead?
What should we do next?
What should we do now, Jamal?
What should we do now, Tom?
What should we do now?
What should we do now? How can we solve this?
What should we do then?
What should we do this afternoon?
What should we do to accelerate it?
What should we do to celebrate?
What should we do to lift the curse?
What should we do to protect the beautiful earth from pollution?
What should we do today?
What should we do while we're waiting for Tom?
What should we do while we're waiting for that to happen?
What should we do with Tom?
What should we do with all this stuff?
What should we do with all this?
What should we do with her?
What should we do with him?
What should we do with people who are very sick or hurt and can't get better?
What should we do with people who are very sick or hurt and can’t get better?
What should we do with the rest of this stuff?
What should we do with them?
What should we do with these holey socks?
What should we do with these?
What should we do with this white elephant your aunt gave us? It's way too ugly to go on the wall.
What should we do with this white elephant your aunt gave us? It’s way too ugly to go on the wall.
What should we do with this?
What should we do?
What should we drink and how much?
What should we eat first?
What should we eat for breakfast?
What should we eat tonight?
What should we expect from Tom?
What should we expect?
What should we focus on?
What should we get Tom for his birthday?
What should we get you for your birthday?
What should we have done?
What should we have for dinner tonight?
What should we have for dinner?
What should we have for lunch?
What should we make of it?
What should we make of that?
What should we make of this?
What should we order?
What should we say to Tom now?
What should we say to Tom?
What should we say?
What should we sing?
What should we take away from it?
What should we take away from that?
What should we take away from this?
What should we talk about now?
What should we talk about?
What should we tell Tom now?
What should we tell the others?
What should we three do tomorrow afternoon?
What should we wait for?
What should we wear?
What should you do if you are bitten by a cobra?
What should you do if you find a big spider on your bed?
What should you do if you won a million euros?
What should you do if your canoe capsizes?
What should you do to decrease your debt?
What should you do?
What should you feed killifish that have just hatched from their eggs?
What should you have in a medicine cabinet?
What should you showcase in your resume?
What should've been a bustling walled city in a classical fantasy setting had been ransacked and defaced.
What should've happened?
What show is this?
What shows do you like?
What sickness does she suffer from?
What side are you on?
What side of the bed do most husbands sleep on?
What side of the bed do you sleep on?
What side would you like with it?
What sights should I see?
What sign are you?
What sign were you born under?
What signal strength are you receiving from the satellite?
What silly questions!
What simple things make you happy?
What singer do you prefer?
What singers were popular when you were young?
What situation did you imagine, in which someone would say that?
What size are these shoes?
What size are you looking for?
What size are you?
What size are your hands?
What size are your shoes?
What size boots do you wear?
What size cake do you need?
What size do you take?
What size do you think I take?
What size do you wear?
What size does he wear?
What size hard disk would you recommend that I buy?
What size helmet do you need?
What size helmet do you wear?
What size is he?
What size is his girlfriend.
What size is it?
What size is she?
What size is that dress?
What size is the balloon?
What size is this bra?
What size of cake do you like?
What size of collar does he take?
What size shirt do you wear?
What size shirt does Tom wear?
What size shoe do you wear?
What size shoe does Tom wear?
What size shoe does he wear?
What size shoe does she take?
What size shoe does she wear?
What size shoe is she?
What size shoes do you think Tom wears?
What size shoes do you wear?
What size shoes does Tom wear?
What size shoes does he wear?
What size shoes does she wear?
What skill do you think everyone should have?
What skill!
What skills do you have that could help you achieve your goals?
What skills do you have?
What skills do you need for your job?
What skills do you think will be essential in the future?
What skills do you think will be most valuable in the future?
What slips in and out of view in the background is the real estate slump of recent years.
What small steps can you take for self-care?
What smells funky?
What smells so good?
What snacks do you enjoy eating?
What snacks do you have?
What soap do you wash your hands with?
What soap is for the body, tears are for the soul.
What software do you use the most often?
What software do you use to study French?
What song are Tom and Mary going to sing?
What song are they playing?
What song are you going to sing?
What song are you planning to sing?
What song best describes your relationship with your significant other?
What song did Tom sing at your wedding?
What song do you want to listen to?
What song do you want to sing next?
What song is Tom listening to?
What song is playing right now?
What song is she playing?
What song is this?
What song was Tom singing?
What song would you like to be played at your funeral?
What song would you like us to sing?
What song would you say best sums you up?
What songs are you best at singing?
What songs are you going to sing tonight?
What songs are you going to sing?
What songs are you planning to sing?
What songs did you sing?
What songs do you find inspiring?
What songs do you plan to sing?
What songs does the wind carry?
What songs would be on your list?
What sorcery is this?
What sort of a person is Tom?
What sort of a surgeon refuses to use a scalpel?
What sort of adventurer doesn't have a talking backpack like Dora?
What sort of adventurer doesn’t have a talking backpack like Dora?
What sort of book are you reading at the moment?
What sort of book did you buy?
What sort of book does he need?
What sort of book does she need?
What sort of book is it?
What sort of books did he bring you?
What sort of bread are you eating?
What sort of bread do you like?
What sort of car do you have?
What sort of clothes do you like?
What sort of coats are in fashion this year?
What sort of consequences will the elimination of Russian gas have?
What sort of current affairs appear in the civil service examination?
What sort of curtains do you think would go with the carpet?
What sort of damage did he cause?
What sort of danger are we in?
What sort of danger is there?
What sort of discount can I expect?
What sort of dreams have you been having?
What sort of father do you think you'll be?
What sort of filling would you like in your roll?
What sort of flower do you like?
What sort of fruit do you like best?
What sort of gear do you like to wear?
What sort of hats do you like?
What sort of house do you have?
What sort of independent study should I do to supplement classes?
What sort of infection is this?
What sort of information do you get on the Internet?
What sort of jewelry are you going to wear with this dress?
What sort of junk is that?
What sort of language is Esperanto?
What sort of life do you live?
What sort of life do you want to have?
What sort of life do you want?
What sort of man is Tom Jackson?
What sort of man is Tom?
What sort of meaning does death have, and what sort of transition is it?
What sort of merchandise do you sell in your shop?
What sort of nonsense is this?
What sort of party do you want?
What sort of people do you prefer?
What sort of people hang out at a place like this?
What sort of person are you?
What sort of person does something like that?
What sort of person is Tom?
What sort of person would do that kind of thing?
What sort of phone are you looking for?
What sort of plants are growing in your garden?
What sort of plants are there growing in your garden?
What sort of play is it?
What sort of problems did you have?
What sort of problems have you been having?
What sort of question is that?
What sort of sandwiches do you have?
What sort of shop is that?
What sort of shop is this?
What sort of soup is this?
What sort of sport do you prefer?
What sort of stuff do you like wearing?
What sort of stuff is this?
What sort of stupid project is this anyway?
What sort of television programs are on today?
What sort of temperature are we going to have tomorrow?
What sort of thing is Wikipedia?
What sort of thing must I pay tax on?
What sort of things are you interested in?
What sort of things do you do on weekends?
What sort of things do you like to wear?
What sort of things does Tom like to do?
What sort of things does Tom like?
What sort of things make you feel sad?
What sort of tool could bring a thing to life?
What sort of tool would turn a thing into a person?
What sort of trickery do you have in store for me tonight?
What sort of trickery is this?
What sort of women's fashion does Tom like?
What sort of work do you do?
What sort of yogurt do you like best?
What sorts of animals live here?
What sorts of weapons did they have?
What sound do bats make?
What sound do shrews make?
What sound does a giraffe make?
What sound does a mouse make?
What sound does a sheep make?
What sound does it make?
What sounds do bats make?
What souvenir do you think she would like most?
What souvenirs did you buy?
What sparked that idea in your mind?
What sparked the battle between the clans remains unclear, but the two rival groups have had a history of repeated disputes about pasture rights, water wells and other clan disagreements.
What sparked the idea?
What sparked your interest in language study?
What sparked your interest in traveling the world?
What sparks your interest?
What special knowledge do you have?
What special qualities do you feel you possess that set you apart from other medical school candidates? What makes you unique or different as a medical school candidate?
What species of elk is it?
What species of fish live in this river?
What species of tree is this?
What specific knowledge is needed to be able to pilot a seaplane?
What specifically are you concerned about?
What specifically are you looking for?
What specifically do you need me to do?
What specifically looks bad?
What specifically looks wrong?
What specifically seems to be the problem?
What spectacle!
What speed can a rowing boat make?
What sphinx of cement and aluminum bashed open their skulls and ate up their brains and imagination?
What spices did you use?
What spices do use?
What spices do you like?
What splendid houses they are!
What sport do you like best?
What sport do you think is the hardest?
What sport do you think is the most dangerous?
What sport helps you lose weight the fastest?
What sport other than baseball do you like to play?
What sports are you good at?
What sports are you into nowadays?
What sports can you play well?
What sports did you play in high school?
What sports do you enjoy listening to on the radio?
What sports do you enjoy playing?
What sports do you enjoy watching on TV?
What sports do you enjoy watching?
What sports do you go in for?
What sports do you like other than football?
What sports do you like to play?
What sports do you like?
What sports do you often play?
What sports do you play nowadays?
What sports do you play these days?
What sports do you play?
What sports do you practice?
What started as a fairy tale, ended as a horror film.
What started as an interest in sustainability has become a rooftop oasis, complete with tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots and herbs.
What started out as an evening with friends ended up in a massacre.
What started the fire?
What startled Tom?
What startled her?
What state did you visit and how long did you stay?
What state has the highest elevation?
What state has the largest population?
What state has the most national parks?
What state in the United States has the highest elevation?
What state is Boston in?
What state is Pittsburgh in?
What station comes next?
What station is it?
What station is this?
What stationery isn't worth buying?
What steps can I take to alter this situation?
What steps can I take to look better?
What steps can we take to fix the problem?
What steps can we take to reduce pollution?
What steps should we take to stop him?
What steps should we take?
What steps to take next?
What steps would you take in my position?
What stinks in here?
What stood out to you from my message?
What stop is this?
What stopped Mary?
What stopped Tom?
What stopped her?
What stopped him?
What stopped me?
What stopped them?
What stopped us?
What stopped you coming yesterday?
What stopped you from coming yesterday?
What stopped you?
What stopped your path to happiness?
What storey is our room?
What stories do the rivers tell?
What stories do the stars tell?
What stories do the waves tell you?
What stories do the waves tell?
What stories do the winds tell you?
What stories does the wind carry?
What stories does the wind tell you?
What stories has Tom told you?
What story did Tom tell you?
What strange weather!
What strategies do you use for difficult challenges?
What strategies do you use to improve your listening comprehension skills?
What street did he take?
What street do you live in?
What street do you live on?
What street is this?
What stresses dogs?
What stresses you out the most in daily life?
What strikes me here is people's friendliness.
What strikes me here is people’s friendliness.
What strikes me most about her is her innocence.
What stroke of genius must a child have to learn to play the piano?
What stuff is this jacket made of?
What style of furniture would you like?
What subject are you good at?
What subject are you poor at?
What subject are you studying?
What subject did you choose?
What subject did you find most interesting when you were in high school?
What subject did you like best in junior high school?
What subject did you like best when you were in high school?
What subject do you like best?
What subject do you major in?
What subject do you study?
What subject do you think he is interested in?
What subject do you think he's interested in?
What subject does Mr. Jackson teach?
What subject does Ms. Jackson teach?
What subjects are women interested in?
What subjects are you good at?
What subjects are you taking at school?
What subjects do you like best?
What subjects do you like the best?
What subjects do you study at school?
What subjects does Mr. Jackson teach?
What subway goes to the center of town?
What suits some doesn't necessarily suit others.
What summer activities do you enjoy?
What summer sports do you like to play?
What sunglasses are pink?
What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity.
What support do you receive from your family?
What surpasses health?
What surpasses strength?
What surprised me most about that accident is how fast the lawyers arrived on the scene.
What surprised me most was how long Tom slept.
What surprised me most was how much Tom ate.
What surprised me most was that she didn't like candy.
What surprised me most was that she didn’t like candy.
What surprised me most when I first entered college was how few of my classmates knew how to study efficiently.
What surprised me the most was how long Tom slept.
What surprised me the most was how many hours a day he slept.
What surprised me the most was how much Tom ate.
What surprised me was his cold attitude.
What surprised me was that Tom didn't know Mary.
What surprised me was that Tom didn't seem happy.
What surprised me was that only ten people came to Tom's funeral.
What surprised you the most?
What surprises him?
What surprises me is that they can actually sell that product for so much money.
What swagger!
What sweater do you like more?
What symptoms do you have?
What symptoms have you noticed?
What syrup did you drizzle on your pancake?
What table do you see?
What takes you only three days, takes me as many weeks.
What takes you only three days, takes me three weeks.
What takes you so long to make the bed?
What tastes good?
What tea do you drink? Is lemon tea okay?
What tea do you prefer?
What team are you cheering for?
What team are you on?
What team do you cheer for?
What team do you play for?
What team do you support?
What team does Tom play for?
What teams are playing in the World Cup?
What teams were playing?
What telephone key do I find the + sign on?
What temperature does water boil at?
What temperature does water freeze at?
What temperature is the water?
What temperature should the oven be?
What temperatures does this organism prefer?
What tempted him to come home?
What tempted him to propose to her?
What tennis players do you like?
What terminal does this bus go through?
What terrible news!
What terrible thing happened to you?
What terrible thing happened?
What terrible things happened?
What terrible tragedies realism inflicts on people.
What terrible weather!
What text editor do you use?
What textbook does Tom use when he teaches French to beginners?
What that fortuneteller said yesterday is nothing to be concerned about.
What that man did was scandalous.
What that man has done is scandalous.
What that man suggested yesterday was embarrassing and cringy.
What that man's done is an outrage.
What that politician said is not at all true.
What the Americans call a bobby pin, the British call a hairgrip.
What the Germans build lasts forever.
What the actual fuck are you doing?
What the actual fuck?
What the bloody fuck is that?
What the book does convey very successfully is the horror of war.
What the chemist discovered is scary.
What the chuffing heck is an 'off-ramp'?
What the church can't prohibit it blesses.
What the country needs most is wise leaders.
What the critic says is always concise and to the point.
What the day may bring is uncertain.
What the deuce?
What the devil are you doing?
What the devil can you do with this?
What the devil is that?
What the devil were you doing?
What the dickens?
What the eye doesn't see, the heart doesn't grieve over.
What the flip!
What the fuck are they doing on the roof? I swear on me mum, I will slaughter them both.
What the fuck are you doing here?
What the fuck are you doing?
What the fuck are you looking at?
What the fuck are you nerds talking about?
What the fuck are you saying?
What the fuck are you staring at?
What the fuck are you talking about?
What the fuck are you up to taking advantage of his proximity to cling to him like a wet T-shirt?!
What the fuck did I just read?
What the fuck did he just do?!
What the fuck did you do?
What the fuck did you just say?
What the fuck did you say?
What the fuck did you write?
What the fuck do you think you're doing?
What the fuck do you think you’re doing?
What the fuck do you want?
What the fuck does that mean?
What the fuck is Ziri doing?
What the fuck is fatphobia? What are you saying to me? I'm not afraid of the blobs like you.
What the fuck is going on here?
What the fuck is going on in your head?
What the fuck is going on?
What the fuck is going wrong with me?
What the fuck is it with you?
What the fuck is that?
What the fuck is this shit?
What the fuck is this?
What the fuck is wrong with me?
What the fuck is wrong with people?
What the fuck is wrong with you people?
What the fuck is wrong with you, door? Open, dammit!
What the fuck is wrong with you?
What the fuck is your problem?
What the fuck is your reasoning?
What the fuck were you thinking?
What the fuck?
What the heart thinks, the mouth speaks.
What the heck are you doing here?
What the heck are you doing?
What the heck are you trying to do?
What the heck are you up to?
What the heck do you expect to achieve, constantly doing this kind of thing? Aren't there more ways to go about it?
What the heck does Ziri think he is?
What the heck happened here?
What the heck happened?
What the heck is Ziri doing now?
What the heck is that supposed to mean?
What the heck is the point of eyebrows anyway?
What the heck is this machine for?
What the heck was that supposed to mean?
What the heck!
What the heck, I'll do it! When shall I start?
What the heck?
What the hell am I reading?
What the hell are they even talking about?
What the hell are you doing here, Tom?
What the hell are you doing here?
What the hell are you doing in here?
What the hell are you doing in my bed?
What the hell are you doing with my gun?
What the hell are you doing?
What the hell are you going on about?
What the hell are you going to do with it?
What the hell are you looking at?
What the hell are you on about?
What the hell are you talking about?
What the hell are you two doing here?
What the hell are you two doing in here?
What the hell are you two doing?
What the hell could be fun about taking pictures of trains?
What the hell did I just hear?
What the hell did he do?
What the hell did you do that for?
What the hell did you do?
What the hell did you just call me?
What the hell do you know about that?
What the hell do you mean by that?
What the hell do you need it for?
What the hell do you think you are doing?
What the hell do you think you're doing?
What the hell do you want from me?
What the hell do you want?
What the hell does Algeria have to do with all that?
What the hell does Tom know about that?
What the hell does a priest know about marriage?
What the hell does a priest know about sex?
What the hell does a priest know about that?
What the hell does he know about that?
What the hell does she know about that?
What the hell don't you have?
What the hell happened here?
What the hell happened?
What the hell have I gotten myself into?
What the hell have I walked into.
What the hell have you done?
What the hell is Baya doing in a wedding dress?
What the hell is Yanni doing?
What the hell is Ziri doing here?
What the hell is Ziri doing in Rima's apartment?
What the hell is Ziri supposed to do?
What the hell is a juice box?
What the hell is a semicolon for anyway?
What the hell is a trapezoid?
What the hell is going on here?
What the hell is going on in Algeria?
What the hell is going on in here?
What the hell is going on up here?
What the hell is going on?
What the hell is happening in Algeria right now?
What the hell is he doing?
What the hell is her problem?
What the hell is it with you?
What the hell is taking them so long?
What the hell is that Yanni is doing?
What the hell is that noise?
What the hell is that supposed to mean?
What the hell is that thing?
What the hell is that?
What the hell is the dog doing now?
What the hell is the matter with you?
What the hell is this crap?
What the hell is this mess?
What the hell is this noise?
What the hell is this shit?
What the hell is this suspension training at the gym?
What the hell is this trash?
What the hell is this?
What the hell is this? I can't believe you put sperm in the Omelette Rice.
What the hell is wrong with me?
What the hell is wrong with this door? Open, you piece of junk!
What the hell is wrong with you people?
What the hell is wrong with you today?
What the hell is wrong with you, Ziri?
What the hell is wrong with you?
What the hell just happened?
What the hell kind of movie is this?
What the hell was I thinking?
What the hell was Tom thinking?
What the hell was Ziri doing in that nightclub?
What the hell was he talking about?
What the hell was he thinking?
What the hell was she thinking?
What the hell was that sound?
What the hell was that supposed to mean?
What the hell was that?
What the hell was that?!
What the hell were you doing upstairs, Mary?
What the hell were you thinking?
What the hell!
What the hell's a Putinversteher?
What the hell's wrong with you?
What the hell, don't address the boss with "you"!
What the hell, dude?
What the hell?
What the hell? That guy got his license from a cereal box!
What the imam told me really touched me.
What the king says is always absolute.
What the king says is always authoritative.
What the ladies really want is between conversation and chocolate.
What the law does not do, the bullet must make up for! This is what the tsarist government thinks.
What the lawyer had told me finally turned out to be false.
What the mayor is claiming is spurious and inflammatory.
What the media does is nothing but brainwashing.
What the mind can conceive, it can achieve.
What the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
What the newspaper said about the weather has certainly come true.
What the newspaper said about the weather will certainly come true.
What the newspapers say is true.
What the old man says, everyone considers sensible.
What the peasant does not know, he does not eat.
What the secret of my success is should remain my secret.
What the shit was that?
What the silkworm won't eat, the bug will.
What the teacher said encouraged Mary to study harder.
What the teacher said got Mary to study harder.
What the teacher said made Mary break out into a cold sweat.
What the weather was doing was unclear.
What the weather would do was unclear.
What the woman wants, God wants!
What then are we waiting for?
What then is my reward?
What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder.
What these Muslims are doing has nothing to do with Islam.
What these Muslims are doing has nothing to do with their religion.
What these acts said was that it was illegal to pay someone in anything other than coin of the realm.
What they are doing is amazing.
What they are doing is ruining the economy.
What they did is bad, but what Tom did is even worse.
What they did is bad. However, what Tom did is much worse.
What they did made Tom cry.
What they did made Tom happy.
What they did next was bad, even by my standards.
What they did set the bar high for all of us.
What they did was break the window.
What they did was incredible.
What they did was wrong.
What they don't like, they say it.
What they found is that the DNA is related to the mitochondrial genome of Denisovans, extinct relatives of Neandertals who lived primarily in Asia, not Europe.
What they have done to my mother hurt me a lot.
What they have told me is untrue.
What they need is a lead singer.
What they said to you is exactly the opposite of what they told me yesterday.
What they said was true; for a few days after the King's son caused it to be proclaimed, by sound of trumpet, that he would marry her whose foot this slipper would fit exactly. They began to try it on the princesses, then on the duchesses, and then on all the ladies of the Court; but in vain.
What they said wasn't true.
What they say doesn't matter to us.
What they say is contradictory to their feelings.
What they say is true.
What they say must be true.
What they say on TV is fake, don't believe it.
What they told you is not true.
What they told you is the opposite of what they told me yesterday.
What they told you isn't true.
What they wanted was a man like himself.
What they were looking for, they haven't found yet.
What they're doing is none of your business, and you've got enough to worry about as it is. Don't borrow trouble.
What they're for, no one can say.
What they're needed for, no one can say.
What they're saying is impossible.
What things are you talking about?
What things can't you do well?
What thinkest thou to do this evening?
What this club is today is largely due to the effort of these people.
What this pandemic has provided is an opportunity to reflect on these many blessings.
What this place needs is a good school.
What thought do you think had the biggest impact on the English in the Middle Ages?
What thoughts or feelings do you hope to inspire in others?
What three items would you take with you on a deserted island?
What three things are most important to you in your job?
What three things are the most important to you?
What three things do you think of the most each day?
What three things do you think of the most often?
What ties a people together?
What time and where could we meet?
What time and where exactly shall we meet?
What time and where should I go?
What time are Tom and Mary arriving?
What time are Tom and Mary coming over?
What time are Tom and Mary coming?
What time are Tom and Mary getting here?
What time are Tom and Mary going to meet?
What time are Tom and Mary picking you up?
What time are they eating?
What time are they starting?
What time are tryouts?
What time are we booked for?
What time are we going to do that?
What time are we going to meet?
What time are we having lunch?
What time are we having our lunch?
What time are we leaving for the beach?
What time are we leaving?
What time are we meeting up?
What time are we meeting?
What time are you checking out?
What time are you coming back?
What time are you coming home?
What time are you coming over tonight?
What time are you coming to pick me up?
What time are you coming?
What time are you expecting Tom to get here?
What time are you expecting Tom?
What time are you getting off work?
What time are you getting up tomorrow?
What time are you getting up?
What time are you going home?
What time are you going on duty?
What time are you going to call Tom?
What time are you going to do that?
What time are you going to eat dinner?
What time are you going to get up tomorrow?
What time are you going to go home today?
What time are you going to go home?
What time are you going to go to the car repair shop?
What time are you going to leave for Boston?
What time are you going to leave for London?
What time are you going to leave?
What time are you going to pick Tom up?
What time are you going to stop this?
What time are you going to wake Tom up?
What time are you going to work tomorrow?
What time are you going to work?
What time are you going?
What time are you guys going to the theater?
What time are you having lunch with him?
What time are you having lunch?
What time are you leaving for the beach?
What time are you leaving tomorrow morning?
What time are you leaving tomorrow?
What time are you leaving?
What time are you meeting Tom?
What time are you meeting her?
What time are you meeting him?
What time are you meeting me?
What time are you meeting them?
What time are you meeting us?
What time are you open till today?
What time are you open until today?
What time are you open until?
What time are you planning get up tomorrow?
What time are you planning to be home tonight?
What time are you planning to get here tomorrow?
What time are you planning to get home tonight?
What time are you planning to go to bed?
What time are you planning to leave?
What time are you planning to meet Tom?
What time are you planning to sleep?
What time are you reachable?
What time are you setting off?
What time are you supposed to get off work?
What time are you the happiest?
What time are you used to going to bed?
What time can I be there?
What time can I check in?
What time can we expect Yanni?
What time can we reach you?
What time can we swim until?
What time can you come?
What time did Fadil leave the hotel?
What time did I tell you to come?
What time did I tell you to get here?
What time did Mary arrive at the hotel?
What time did Mary say she wanted to do that?
What time did Mary say she wanted to eat?
What time did Mary say she wanted to get there?
What time did Mary say she wanted to leave?
What time did Mary say she wanted to take a break?
What time did Mary say she wanted us to be there?
What time did Mary say she was going to get here?
What time did Mary say she was leaving in the morning?
What time did Mary say she'd be here?
What time did Mary say she'd pick us up?
What time did Mary tell you she was arriving?
What time did Mary tell you she'd be arriving?
What time did Tom and Mary do that?
What time did Tom and Mary say they wanted to do that?
What time did Tom and Mary say they wanted to eat?
What time did Tom and Mary say they wanted to get there?
What time did Tom and Mary say they wanted to leave?
What time did Tom and Mary say they wanted to take a break?
What time did Tom and Mary say they wanted us to be there?
What time did Tom and Mary say they were going to get here?
What time did Tom and Mary say they were leaving in the morning?
What time did Tom and Mary say they'd be here?
What time did Tom and Mary say they'd pick us up?
What time did Tom and Mary tell you they were arriving?
What time did Tom and Mary tell you they'd be arriving?
What time did Tom arrive at the airport?
What time did Tom arrive?
What time did Tom call?
What time did Tom check out of the hotel?
What time did Tom come home?
What time did Tom do that?
What time did Tom eat lunch?
What time did Tom eat?
What time did Tom finally arrive?
What time did Tom finally get here?
What time did Tom finally leave?
What time did Tom finally show up?
What time did Tom get here?
What time did Tom go home?
What time did Tom go out?
What time did Tom go to bed last night?
What time did Tom go to bed?
What time did Tom go?
What time did Tom leave for the airport?
What time did Tom leave for work?
What time did Tom leave the hotel?
What time did Tom leave the house?
What time did Tom leave this morning?
What time did Tom leave work?
What time did Tom leave?
What time did Tom say he wanted to arrive?
What time did Tom say he wanted to do that?
What time did Tom say he wanted to eat?
What time did Tom say he wanted to get there?
What time did Tom say he wanted to leave?
What time did Tom say he wanted to take a break?
What time did Tom say he wanted us to be there?
What time did Tom say he was going to get here?
What time did Tom say he was leaving in the morning?
What time did Tom say he'd be here?
What time did Tom say he'd come?
What time did Tom say he'd pick us up?
What time did Tom say his party was going to start?
What time did Tom say that happened?
What time did Tom tell you he was arriving?
What time did Tom tell you he'd be arriving?
What time did Tom want to do that?
What time did Tom want to leave?
What time did he ask for your response?
What time did he get there?
What time did he return to the mosque?
What time did he say he'd come?
What time did he say he’d come?
What time did school get out?
What time did she arrive at Narita Airport?
What time did she check out of the hotel?
What time did she leave the hotel?
What time did that happen?
What time did that occur?
What time did that take place?
What time did the concert begin?
What time did the concert start?
What time did the game start?
What time did the meeting end?
What time did the party end?
What time did the plane arrive at Narita?
What time did the play start?
What time did the sun come up yesterday?
What time did the sun go down yesterday?
What time did the sun rise yesterday?
What time did the sun set yesterday?
What time did they all come back?
What time did they all return?
What time did they leave?
What time did this happen?
What time did you agree to be there?
What time did you arrange to meet Andrea?
What time did you arrive at the hospital?
What time did you arrive from Luanda?
What time did you arrive from Philadelphia?
What time did you arrive in Belo Horizonte?
What time did you arrive in Boston?
What time did you arrive there?
What time did you arrive?
What time did you call Tom?
What time did you call?
What time did you close the store last night?
What time did you close the store?
What time did you come home last night?
What time did you come home?
What time did you eat breakfast?
What time did you eat lunch today?
What time did you eat lunch?
What time did you eat?
What time did you fall asleep?
What time did you finish playing?
What time did you finish?
What time did you get back from Boston?
What time did you get back?
What time did you get here this morning?
What time did you get here?
What time did you get home at?
What time did you get home last night?
What time did you get home yesterday?
What time did you get home?
What time did you get in?
What time did you get out of bed yesterday?
What time did you get there?
What time did you get to bed last night?
What time did you get to school?
What time did you get to sleep?
What time did you get up that morning?
What time did you get up this morning?
What time did you get up today?
What time did you get up yesterday morning?
What time did you get up yesterday?
What time did you get up?
What time did you go to bed last night?
What time did you go to bed this morning?
What time did you go to bed yesterday?
What time did you go to bed?
What time did you go to sleep last night?
What time did you go to sleep this morning?
What time did you go to sleep yesterday?
What time did you go to sleep?
What time did you go to the theater?
What time did you hear the shot?
What time did you leave work yesterday?
What time did you leave your house this morning?
What time did you leave?
What time did you lock the rooms?
What time did you say?
What time did you see Tom doing that?
What time did you see Tom?
What time did you see her?
What time did you see him?
What time did you see them?
What time did you shut the shop up last night?
What time did you shut the shop?
What time did you start?
What time did you stay until?
What time did you stop playing poker?
What time did you wake Tom up?
What time did you wake up this morning?
What time did you wake up today?
What time did you wake up?
What time did your flight arrive in Boston?
What time did your friend go home?
What time did your plane finally land in Boston?
What time do Algerians eat dinner?
What time do I have to check out?
What time do I have to get up tomorrow morning?
What time do Tom and Mary do that every morning?
What time do Tom and Mary eat breakfast?
What time do Tom and Mary eat lunch?
What time do Tom and Mary get home from work?
What time do Tom and Mary get home?
What time do Tom and Mary get up?
What time do Tom and Mary leave for work?
What time do Tom and Mary think we should get up tomorrow morning?
What time do Tom and Mary usually get home?
What time do Tom and Mary usually leave for work?
What time do restaurants close around here?
What time do the banks open?
What time do the pubs close here?
What time do the pubs shut here?
What time do the shops open?
What time do the shops shut?
What time do they close?
What time do they eat?
What time do we finish work?
What time do we get to Boston?
What time do we get to San Francisco?
What time do we have to check out?
What time do we leave tomorrow?
What time do we leave?
What time do we light the candles?
What time do we meet up there?
What time do we start in the morning?
What time do we start work?
What time do you all eat dinner?
What time do you arrive at school?
What time do you arrive at work?
What time do you arrive home?
What time do you arrive in Paris for the meeting?
What time do you arrive tomorrow?
What time do you arrive?
What time do you call this?
What time do you call your wife?
What time do you close tonight?
What time do you close?
What time do you do your homework?
What time do you eat breakfast?
What time do you eat dinner back in Algeria?
What time do you eat dinner?
What time do you eat lunch at your place?
What time do you eat lunch?
What time do you eat supper?
What time do you eat?
What time do you expect Tom to get here?
What time do you expect me to be there?
What time do you expect to be here?
What time do you fall asleep?
What time do you feed the gorillas?
What time do you finish school?
What time do you finish work?
What time do you get home from work?
What time do you get home?
What time do you get off from work?
What time do you get off today?
What time do you get off work?
What time do you get off?
What time do you get out of class?
What time do you get to work?
What time do you get up every day?
What time do you get up every morning?
What time do you get up in the morning?
What time do you get up on Sundays?
What time do you get up on schooldays?
What time do you get up on workdays?
What time do you get up, Benedict?
What time do you get up?
What time do you go home?
What time do you go on duty?
What time do you go to bed?
What time do you go to school?
What time do you go to sleep Saturday night?
What time do you go to sleep?
What time do you go to the airport?
What time do you go to the beach?
What time do you go to the market?
What time do you go to work in the morning?
What time do you go to work?
What time do you have a break?
What time do you have a nap?
What time do you have breakfast?
What time do you have class tomorrow?
What time do you have dinner?
What time do you have lunch at home?
What time do you have on your watch?
What time do you have school?
What time do you have supper?
What time do you have tea?
What time do you have to get up tomorrow morning?
What time do you have?
What time do you land in Perth?
What time do you leave for school?
What time do you leave for work?
What time do you leave here?
What time do you leave home in the morning?
What time do you leave tomorrow?
What time do you leave work?
What time do you leave your house for school?
What time do you leave your house in the morning?
What time do you leave your work?
What time do you leave?
What time do you make it?
What time do you normally get up in the morning?
What time do you normally go to sleep?
What time do you often lay down?
What time do you open?
What time do you plan to be home tonight?
What time do you plan to get home tonight?
What time do you prefer to work?
What time do you put Tom to bed?
What time do you put your son to bed?
What time do you sleep on Sundays?
What time do you sleep?
What time do you start boarding?
What time do you start check-in?
What time do you start school?
What time do you start seating?
What time do you start work?
What time do you take a bath in the evening?
What time do you take a bath in the morning?
What time do you take a bath?
What time do you take the children out?
What time do you think Tom will arrive?
What time do you think Tom will be back?
What time do you think Tom will be here?
What time do you think Tom will come back?
What time do you think Tom will get here?
What time do you think Tom will get home?
What time do you think he'll be back?
What time do you think he'll come back?
What time do you think it is now?
What time do you think it is?
What time do you think it is? Go to sleep right now.
What time do you think it is? Where have you been out so late?
What time do you think that you'll get to Boston?
What time do you think you'll arrive?
What time do you think you'll be home?
What time do you think you'll get to Boston?
What time do you think you'll likely arrive?
What time do you think you're likely to arrive?
What time do you think you're likely to get here?
What time do you think you're likely to get there?
What time do you turn off the lights?
What time do you turn the lights off?
What time do you usually arrive at school?
What time do you usually bathe the baby?
What time do you usually drink coffee?
What time do you usually eat breakfast?
What time do you usually eat dinner?
What time do you usually eat lunch?
What time do you usually eat supper?
What time do you usually eat your lunch?
What time do you usually get home from school?
What time do you usually get home?
What time do you usually get off from work?
What time do you usually get off your work?
What time do you usually get to school?
What time do you usually get up every morning?
What time do you usually get up in the morning?
What time do you usually get up on Saturday?
What time do you usually get up on weekends?
What time do you usually get up?
What time do you usually go home?
What time do you usually go to bed at night?
What time do you usually go to bed?
What time do you usually go to sleep?
What time do you usually have breakfast?
What time do you usually have lunch?
What time do you usually leave for work?
What time do you usually leave home?
What time do you usually leave your house in the morning?
What time do you usually leave?
What time do you usually return home?
What time do you usually start eating lunch?
What time do you usually start making lunch?
What time do you usually take your afternoon nap?
What time do you usually turn in?
What time do you usually wake up in the morning?
What time do you usually wake up while on vacation?
What time do you usually wake up?
What time do you wake up every day?
What time do you wake up in the morning?
What time do you wake up on Sundays?
What time do you wake up?
What time do you walk the dog?
What time do you want breakfast?
What time do you want me to be at work tomorrow?
What time do you want me to be here?
What time do you want me to come and get you?
What time do you want me to come get you?
What time do you want me to come over?
What time do you want me to come?
What time do you want me to pick you up?
What time do you want me to wake you up?
What time do you want to do that?
What time do you want to eat?
What time do you want to have the picnic?
What time do you want to leave?
What time do you want to meet tomorrow?
What time do you want to meet up?
What time do you want to meet?
What time do you want to pick me up?
What time do you watch TV?
What time do you watch the news?
What time do you water the garden?
What time do your classes end?
What time do your classes start?
What time do your lessons end?
What time does Flight 123 from Tokyo arrive?
What time does Flight 333 from Boston arrive?
What time does Sao Paulo play today?
What time does Tom do that every morning?
What time does Tom eat breakfast?
What time does Tom eat lunch?
What time does Tom get home from work?
What time does Tom get home?
What time does Tom get up?
What time does Tom go to bed?
What time does Tom have dinner?
What time does Tom leave for work?
What time does Tom think we should get up tomorrow morning?
What time does Tom think we should leave in order to get to the airport on time?
What time does Tom usually get home?
What time does Tom usually get up?
What time does Tom usually leave for work?
What time does Tom want us there?
What time does Tom's flight come in?
What time does boarding begin?
What time does class begin?
What time does class start for you tomorrow?
What time does he have dinner?
What time does it close?
What time does it end?
What time does it open and close?
What time does it open?
What time does it start boarding?
What time does it start?
What time does my flight arrive?
What time does my flight depart?
What time does my flight leave?
What time does our flight leave?
What time does our plane leave tomorrow?
What time does our train go?
What time does our train leave?
What time does rehearsal start?
What time does school begin?
What time does school end?
What time does school get out?
What time does school start in the morning?
What time does school start?
What time does she get up?
What time does that contest start?
What time does that play start?
What time does that restaurant close?
What time does that store open?
What time does that train leave Boston?
What time does the Ministry of Education, Culture, and Science open?
What time does the airport bus leave?
What time does the alarm clock go off?
What time does the amusement park close?
What time does the amusement park open?
What time does the art museum open?
What time does the baker's close?
What time does the bank close?
What time does the bank open?
What time does the baseball game begin?
What time does the bus leave from Taksim?
What time does the bus leave?
What time does the cab leave for the airport?
What time does the cafe close?
What time does the café close?
What time does the car park close?
What time does the club open?
What time does the concert begin?
What time does the concert start?
What time does the curtain fall?
What time does the dance floor get crowded?
What time does the dining room open?
What time does the exam start?
What time does the film start?
What time does the first game start?
What time does the first train leave?
What time does the flight depart?
What time does the flight take off?
What time does the flower shop close?
What time does the flower shop open?
What time does the game start?
What time does the last Tokyo train leave?
What time does the last bus leave?
What time does the last train depart?
What time does the last train leave?
What time does the last train to Paris leave?
What time does the library close?
What time does the library open?
What time does the mailman come?
What time does the market open?
What time does the market shut?
What time does the meeting begin?
What time does the meeting start?
What time does the movie begin?
What time does the movie end?
What time does the movie start?
What time does the museum close?
What time does the museum open?
What time does the next bus leave?
What time does the next train arrive?
What time does the next train bound for Tokyo leave?
What time does the next train going to Boston leave?
What time does the next train going to Tokyo leave?
What time does the next train leave for Tokyo?
What time does the next train leave?
What time does the next train to Boston leave?
What time does the parking lot close?
What time does the party start?
What time does the performance start?
What time does the plane leave?
What time does the play begin?
What time does the play start?
What time does the pool open?
What time does the post office close?
What time does the post office open?
What time does the pub close?
What time does the pub shut?
What time does the rodeo start?
What time does the ship leave?
What time does the shop close?
What time does the shop open?
What time does the shopping center close?
What time does the shopping center open?
What time does the shopping centre close?
What time does the shopping centre open?
What time does the show start?
What time does the shuttle bus leave for the airport?
What time does the store close?
What time does the store open?
What time does the sun go down today?
What time does the sun go down?
What time does the sun set today?
What time does the sun set?
What time does the supermarket close?
What time does the supermarket open?
What time does the surgery begin?
What time does the talent show start?
What time does the technician arrive?
What time does the train arrive at Boston?
What time does the train arrive at Yokohama?
What time does the train arrive?
What time does the train depart?
What time does the train for Boston depart?
What time does the train for Boston leave?
What time does the train for Milan leave?
What time does the train for New York depart?
What time does the train get in?
What time does the train leave for Boston?
What time does the train leave from here?
What time does the train leave?
What time does the train reach Boston?
What time does the train reach Osaka?
What time does the train to London leave tomorrow morning?
What time does the zoo close?
What time does the zoo open?
What time does this museum close?
What time does this place close?
What time does this restaurant close?
What time does this store close?
What time does this train arrive at Boston?
What time does this train reach Boston?
What time does this train reach Yokohama?
What time does your break start?
What time does your bus pass?
What time does your class end?
What time does your class start?
What time does your father leave for his office?
What time does your first class start?
What time does your flight land?
What time does your flight leave?
What time does your last class end?
What time does your last class finish?
What time does your lesson end?
What time does your meeting end?
What time does your meeting start?
What time does your next class begin?
What time does your office let you go home?
What time does your plane depart?
What time does your plane leave tomorrow?
What time does your plane leave?
What time does your plane take off?
What time does your school start?
What time does your taxi get here?
What time does your watch say it is now?
What time does your watch say?
What time exactly did Tom leave the house?
What time exactly did that happen?
What time have we booked?
What time in the morning do you take your morning stroll?
What time is Fadil supposed to be home?
What time is Tom arriving?
What time is Tom coming?
What time is Tom getting here?
What time is Tom going to be here?
What time is Tom going to the airport?
What time is Tom picking you up?
What time is Tom supposed to be here?
What time is Tom supposed to get here?
What time is Tom's curfew?
What time is Tom's plane due in?
What time is breakfast served?
What time is breakfast?
What time is brunch?
What time is check out?
What time is checkout?
What time is class for you?
What time is convenient for you on June seventh?
What time is dinner served?
What time is dinner?
What time is good for you?
What time is iftar?
What time is it according to your clock?
What time is it anyway?
What time is it at the moment in your country?
What time is it by your clock?
What time is it by your watch?
What time is it currently in Paris?
What time is it in Australia now?
What time is it in Australia?
What time is it in Boston now?
What time is it in Boston?
What time is it in Buffalo, New York?
What time is it in Edinburgh?
What time is it in Farnborough?
What time is it in Hanoi?
What time is it in Kendal?
What time is it in London now?
What time is it in London?
What time is it in Paris now?
What time is it in Sri Lanka?
What time is it in Sunderland?
What time is it in Tokyo?
What time is it in York?
What time is it in your country?
What time is it now by your watch?
What time is it now in Australia?
What time is it now in Boston?
What time is it now in California?
What time is it now in London?
What time is it now in San Francisco?
What time is it now in your country?
What time is it now?
What time is it on the Moon?
What time is it over there?
What time is it please?
What time is it right now?
What time is it there now?
What time is it there?
What time is it, Yanni?
What time is it, anyway?
What time is it, exactly?
What time is it, please?
What time is it?
What time is it? It is half past two.
What time is lunch at your place?
What time is lunch at yours?
What time is lunch eaten at yours?
What time is lunch round yours?
What time is lunch?
What time is now?
What time is our bus arriving in Boston.
What time is our dinner reservation?
What time is our flight?
What time is our plane?
What time is our train arriving at Hakata?
What time is our train leaving?
What time is recess at this school?
What time is school over?
What time is she at home?
What time is sundown?
What time is sunrise?
What time is sunset today?
What time is sunset?
What time is supper?
What time is the TV news, please?
What time is the break?
What time is the concert?
What time is the curfew?
What time is the end of the world?
What time is the exam?
What time is the ferry?
What time is the first bus in the morning?
What time is the flight expected to arrive?
What time is the flight to Guadalajara supposed to arrive?
What time is the flight?
What time is the game tomorrow night?
What time is the last bus?
What time is the last train?
What time is the meeting going to start?
What time is the meeting tomorrow?
What time is the meeting?
What time is the movie tonight?
What time is the movie?
What time is the next performance?
What time is the next train to Tokyo?
What time is the performance going to start?
What time is the plane scheduled to land?
What time is the show?
What time is the social?
What time is the sun coming up tomorrow?
What time is your Basque class?
What time is your French class?
What time is your appointment?
What time is your bus?
What time is your curfew?
What time is your departure?
What time is your doctor's appointment?
What time is your first class?
What time is your flight home?
What time is your flight?
What time is your last class over?
What time is your lunch break?
What time is your meeting?
What time is your plane due to take off?
What time is your plane landing?
What time is your plane scheduled to leave?
What time is your plane scheduled to take off?
What time is your plane?
What time is your train?
What time of day did you arrive?
What time of day do you do that?
What time of day do you go out for your daily walk?
What time of day is it?
What time of year are olives harvested?
What time of year do you usually like to spend time on the beach?
What time on June seventh would be convenient for you?
What time period of anime are you most into?
What time shall I be there?
What time shall I call back?
What time shall I call you tonight?
What time shall I come?
What time shall I meet you?
What time shall I pick you up?
What time shall I tell Tom to do that?
What time shall we arrive at Sapporo if we take this plane?
What time shall we go?
What time shall we make it?
What time shall we meet tomorrow?
What time shall we meet you?
What time shall we meet?
What time should I be there?
What time should I call you?
What time should I check in?
What time should I come to the lobby tomorrow?
What time should I come?
What time should I go to the airport?
What time should I leave the hotel?
What time should I make dinner?
What time should I meet you?
What time should I pick you up?
What time should I sleep tonight?
What time should I tell Tom to be here?
What time should I tell Tom to do that?
What time should I wake you up?
What time should we be ready?
What time should we be there?
What time should we eat breakfast?
What time should we eat?
What time should we leave tomorrow?
What time should we meet tomorrow?
What time should we meet tonight?
What time should we sleep tonight?
What time suits you better?
What time to you arrive in Recife?
What time tomorrow do you want to meet?
What time tomorrow evening would you like me to come over?
What time tomorrow morning would you like me to pick you up?
What time tomorrow should we meet up?
What time tomorrow will you do that?
What time tomorrow will you get here?
What time tomorrow?
What time was it that you called Tom?
What time was it that you did that?
What time was it when the show started?
What time was it when we entered the building?
What time was it when you entered the building?
What time was it when you got back from work?
What time was it when you got here?
What time was it when you got home?
What time was it when you got to the hospital?
What time was it when you last saw Tom?
What time was it?
What time was she born?
What time was sunrise yesterday?
What time was sunset yesterday?
What time was that?
What time was your appointment?
What time will I need to get up tomorrow morning?
What time will Tom and Mary be arriving?
What time will Tom arrive in Boston?
What time will Tom arrive?
What time will Tom be arriving?
What time will Tom be here?
What time will Tom be starting?
What time will Tom do that tomorrow?
What time will Tom get back home?
What time will Tom get there?
What time will be right for you?
What time will dinner be served?
What time will he arrive in Tokyo?
What time will he be here?
What time will it be when we arrive?
What time will she arrive at Narita airport?
What time will the band start playing?
What time will the bus pick us up?
What time will the flight arrive in Boston?
What time will the flight arrive in Tokyo?
What time will the game start?
What time will the meeting start?
What time will the movie start?
What time will the next train arrive?
What time will the party end?
What time will the performance start?
What time will the plane depart?
What time will the sun be coming up tomorrow?
What time will the sun come up tomorrow?
What time will the sun rise tomorrow?
What time will the train arrive in Boston?
What time will the train arrive in Yokohama?
What time will the train get to Boston?
What time will the train get to Yokohama?
What time will the train to Kyoto arrive?
What time will the washing machine repairman come?
What time will they arrive?
What time will we arrive in Akita if we get the 9.30 train?
What time will we arrive in Boston?
What time will we be arriving in Boston?
What time will we be landing in Boston?
What time will we be leaving tomorrow morning?
What time will we have lunch?
What time will we leave tomorrow morning?
What time will we leave?
What time will we reach Akita if we take the 9:30 train?
What time will you arrive in Boston, Tom?
What time will you arrive tomorrow?
What time will you arrive?
What time will you be back home?
What time will you be back?
What time will you be coming?
What time will you be going home?
What time will you be here?
What time will you be home this evening?
What time will you be home?
What time will you be leaving?
What time will you be ready to leave?
What time will you come back?
What time will you come pick me up?
What time will you come to pick me up?
What time will you come tomorrow?
What time will you come?
What time will you do that tomorrow?
What time will you do that?
What time will you eat dinner?
What time will you eat?
What time will you get back? I'll treat you to a meal.
What time will you get here?
What time will you get home?
What time will you get there?
What time will you get to Boston?
What time will you get to Tokyo?
What time will you get to the station?
What time will you get up tomorrow?
What time will you go home today?
What time will you go to bed tonight?
What time will you go to school tomorrow?
What time will you have breakfast?
What time will you have dinner?
What time will you have to go to bed?
What time will you leave the office?
What time will you leave tomorrow morning?
What time will you leave?
What time will you return?
What time will you wake up tomorrow?
What time will your last class be over?
What time will you get back?
What time would be convenient for you?
What time would be good for you?
What time would be good?
What time would it be when we leave the restaurant?
What time would it be?
What time would you like to eat?
What time would you like to leave?
What time yesterday was the concert?
What time's Tom picking you up?
What time's her flight?
What time's lunch round yours?
What time's our flight?
What time's our meeting tomorrow?
What time's our plane?
What time's the meeting going to start?
What time's the meeting?
What time's the next train to Boston?
What time's the next train to Washington?
What time's the performance starting?
What time's your class tomorrow?
What time's your class?
What time's your curfew?
What time's your flight?
What time's your plane?
What time's your shift?
What time's your train?
What time, exactly, did Tom leave?
What time?
What times are available on Monday?
What time’s the next train to Washington?
What timing!
What tipped you off?
What tires us, above all, is understanding. Living is not thinking.
What to choose: comfortable vice or tiring virtue?
What to do about it is still a problem.
What to do if everything goes wrong?
What to do if someone insults you at work?
What to do if you're attacked by an alligator?
What to do in case of a fire?
What to do in case of an earthquake?
What to do in such weather?
What to do is up to you.
What to do next is our question.
What to do next is the question.
What to do when everything goes wrong?
What to do when you're tired?
What to do!
What to do, I have no idea.
What to do?
What to drink?
What to make of it?
What to say is more important than how to say it.
What to say?
What to think of this?
What took Sami so long?
What took Tom so long?
What took Ziri so long?
What took her there?
What took him there?
What took so long?
What took you so long to answer the phone?
What took you so long to call back?
What took you so long, Tom?
What took you so long?
What took you there?
What took you two so long?
What tool should I use?
What tools can you afford?
What tools do we need for the job?
What tools do you need to do that?
What tools do you use the most often?
What tools does a sculptor need?
What tools should I bring?
What toothpaste have you been using lately?
What topics are women interested in?
What topics is she discussing?
What topics will be covered in the exam?
What toppings do you want on your pancake?
What torments you?
What total nonsense!
What tourist spots should I visit?
What town are you from?
What town does the bus stop at next?
What town is this?
What toy is big?
What track for Boston?
What train are you going to be on?
What train are you taking?
What train did you come on?
What train goes to the center of town?
What train is Mr Takase coming on?
What train is Tom arriving on?
What train is Tom coming in on?
What train you are going to take?
What tram are you taking?
What transpired with him?
What trash!
What treatment are you following right now?
What treatment was I likely to get from you in case of detection?
What tree is that?
What trends have you noticed?
What tribe are you from?
What trickery is this?
What trifles are you making a great fuss about?
What triggered Yanni's fear of abandonment?
What triggered that?
What triggered the explosion?
What triggered the landslide?
What triggered the sensor?
What triggered this?
What triggers a cat's aggressive behavior?
What triggers regression?
What triggers this anxiety?
What triggers this type of anxiety?
What triggers this?
What triggers your asthma attacks?
What tripped the alarm?
What tripped the sensor?
What trips are you planning?
What trouble can he cause?
What trouble can she cause?
What troubles you, Tom?
What troubles you?
What truly matters is respecting each other.
What truths do the mountains guard?
What truths do the mountains hold?
What truths do the stars hide?
What truths do the stars reveal?
What truths do the stars whisper?
What truths does the river whisper?
What tunes are you going to play tonight?
What turned Emma into a racist?
What turned Sami into a killer?
What turned Tom into a killer?
What turned Venus from Earth's twin into a hell?
What turned an educated and highly successful person like Emma into a racist?
What turned her against you?
What turns me on the most is his hairy chest.
What turns you away from someone?
What two radio stations do you listen to in the car the most?
What type of TV news you watch?
What type of animals can I find here?
What type of birth control do you use?
What type of books do you read?
What type of books does William like to read?
What type of bread do you like?
What type of business do you want to start?
What type of cage do you recommend for a hedgehog?
What type of car did your colleague buy? I believe it was a Volkswagen.
What type of car do you have?
What type of clothes do you like to wear?
What type of cuisine do you enjoy?
What type of exam was it?
What type of filth is this?
What type of flour is necessary for this?
What type of food do you like?
What type of food does William like to eat?
What type of gas is it?
What type of girl are you attracted to?
What type of girl is your type?
What type of guy is your type?
What type of gözleme do you have?
What type of hobbies does William have?
What type of job are you looking for?
What type of job does William have?
What type of man are you attracted to?
What type of man is Ziri?
What type of mango does Ziri have?
What type of middle school have you or will you complete?
What type of movies make you cry?
What type of movies make you laugh?
What type of music do you like?
What type of music do you normally listen to?
What type of paella do you like?
What type of person are you?
What type of person does that?
What type of person he would become after he becomes a Muslim?
What type of person is Tom?
What type of phone do you have?
What type of problems did you have?
What type of product do you use to clean your countertop?
What type of style is this called?
What type of tarantula do you have?
What type of tools do you require for the job?
What type of treasure are you looking for?
What type of tree is this leaf from?
What type of truck does William drive?
What type of vehicle does Ziri have?
What type of word is this?
What type of work are you interested in?
What type of work did he do?
What type of work do Tom and Mary do?
What type of work do you do?
What type of work does Tom do?
What types of books do you like to read?
What types of clothes do you like wearing?
What types of films do you like?
What types of ground transportation are available in Denver?
What types of light bulbs can be recycled?
What types of light bulbs does this office building use?
What types of movies make you cry?
What types of sandwiches do you have?
What types of trees can we plant?
What ugly hair.
What unanswered questions remain?
What unique perspective do you bring to the table?
What unites feminists is the belief that equality of the sexes is necessary, and that none of us will stop until we achieve this.
What unites them all is a passion for cycling.
What university did you go to?
What university do you go to?
What upsets me most is the immorality reigning in our world today.
What use are you to me?
What use could this be to Tom?
What use does economics have?
What use is Tom?
What use is a blog without a particular focus.
What use is a glass, if you don't have anything to pour into it?
What use is an umbrella if it's not raining?
What use is it to us now?
What use is studying when you go into the real world?
What use will it have for Tom?
What use would this be to you?
What used to be here?
What used to be true may not still be true.
What used to seem important to me no longer seems so important.
What useful has Tom done today?
What usually causes the pain?
What usually makes you nervous?
What utter nonsense.
What varieties of trees are being planted in Algeria's Green Dam?
What various meanings can you find for the word "satellite"?
What vegetable do you like best?
What vegetables are you growing now?
What vegetables are you growing this year?
What vegetables do you grow?
What vegetables do you have in your garden?
What vegetables do you like to eat?
What vegetables do you like?
What vegetables do you usually grow?
What vegetables do you want to buy?
What vegetables does Tom grow?
What vegetables does Tom like?
What vegetables does Tom want to plant?
What vegetarian dishes are on your menu?
What vegetarian dishes have you eaten?
What vegetarian dishes you have?
What vegetarian options do you have?
What version of Windows are you using?
What video game are you playing?
What vile behavior!
What vile behaviour!
What village do you come from?
What village is this?
What vintage is this wine?
What walks on 4 legs in the morning, two in the afternoon, and 3 in the evening?
What wants to give goodness to them?
What was Adriano's perception about Islam?
What was Algeria's GDP in 2004?
What was Algeria's birth rate in 2004?
What was Algeria's trade surplus for 2014?
What was Antonio thinking?
What was Australia like?
What was Boston like?
What was Bouteflika's net worth?
What was Claudio doing there that late?
What was Dan wearing?
What was Dan's phone doing in the mud?
What was Gabor's stepfather doing out of his room at that time of night.
What was I able to offer her other than my love?
What was I about to say?
What was I afraid of?
What was I doing?
What was I expecting?
What was I going to do, again?
What was I going to say, again?
What was I going to say?
What was I gonna say?
What was I looking for?
What was I saying?
What was I supposed to buy?
What was I supposed to do?
What was I supposed to have done?
What was I supposed to say?
What was I talking about, again?
What was I talking about?
What was I thinking about?
What was I thinking telling him?
What was I thinking when I said I'd do that?
What was I thinking when I said that I'd do that?
What was I thinking, drinking so much?
What was I thinking?
What was I to do?
What was I wearing at that time? Do you remember?
What was I with then? Do you remember?
What was I worrying about?
What was I writing this morning?
What was Lajos planning on doing with Olivia's picture?
What was Mario singing?
What was Mark doing on public transport?
What was Mary doing the last time you saw her?
What was Mary doing when you saw her?
What was Mary's first husband like?
What was Mary's last name before she got married?
What was Mary's surname before her wedding?
What was Mary's surname before she got married?
What was Maryse like before the age of 20?
What was Mennad's final answer?
What was Robert getting himself into?
What was Sami doing in his life to get him killed?
What was Sami doing out that night?
What was Tobias doing in that building at that hour?
What was Tom able to achieve?
What was Tom accused of?
What was Tom afraid of?
What was Tom arrested for?
What was Tom called?
What was Tom complaining about?
What was Tom confused about?
What was Tom convicted of?
What was Tom crying about?
What was Tom describing?
What was Tom diagnosed with?
What was Tom doing all last week?
What was Tom doing at school?
What was Tom doing at that time?
What was Tom doing down here?
What was Tom doing exactly?
What was Tom doing here?
What was Tom doing in Australia anyway?
What was Tom doing in Australia last month?
What was Tom doing in Australia?
What was Tom doing in Boston anyway?
What was Tom doing in Boston last month?
What was Tom doing in Boston last week?
What was Tom doing in Boston?
What was Tom doing in here?
What was Tom doing in the attic?
What was Tom doing in the park?
What was Tom doing in there?
What was Tom doing in your room?
What was Tom doing last night?
What was Tom doing out there all by himself?
What was Tom doing out there?
What was Tom doing the last time you saw him?
What was Tom doing there?
What was Tom doing today?
What was Tom doing up there anyway?
What was Tom doing when the alarm went off?
What was Tom doing when you saw him?
What was Tom doing when you walked in?
What was Tom doing with Mary?
What was Tom doing yesterday morning?
What was Tom doing?
What was Tom drinking?
What was Tom driving?
What was Tom eating?
What was Tom going to do?
What was Tom guilty of?
What was Tom here for?
What was Tom hiding?
What was Tom hired to do?
What was Tom in Australia for?
What was Tom in Boston for?
What was Tom laughing at?
What was Tom like to work with?
What was Tom like when he was a teenager?
What was Tom like?
What was Tom looking at?
What was Tom looking for out there in the backyard?
What was Tom looking for?
What was Tom planning to do?
What was Tom pointing at?
What was Tom ranting about on Facebook?
What was Tom ranting about?
What was Tom really doing?
What was Tom really talking about?
What was Tom referring to?
What was Tom refusing to close last night?
What was Tom refusing to close?
What was Tom refusing to open last night?
What was Tom refusing to open?
What was Tom running from?
What was Tom saying?
What was Tom scared of?
What was Tom screaming about?
What was Tom shooting at?
What was Tom shouting about?
What was Tom singing?
What was Tom staring at?
What was Tom studying last night?
What was Tom supposed to do?
What was Tom talking about at the meeting?
What was Tom talking about?
What was Tom there for?
What was Tom thinking?
What was Tom throwing at Mary?
What was Tom told?
What was Tom trying to prove?
What was Tom trying to tell us?
What was Tom trying to tell you?
What was Tom up to then?
What was Tom up to?
What was Tom waiting for?
What was Tom wearing that night?
What was Tom wearing when he died?
What was Tom wearing?
What was Tom working on?
What was Tom yelling about?
What was Tom's agenda?
What was Tom's answer?
What was Tom's crime?
What was Tom's explanation?
What was Tom's goal?
What was Tom's guess?
What was Tom's last name?
What was Tom's motive for committing murder?
What was Tom's motive for doing it?
What was Tom's motive for doing that?
What was Tom's plan?
What was Tom's point?
What was Tom's problem with Mary?
What was Tom's problem with that?
What was Tom's problem?
What was Tom's reaction to the news?
What was Tom's reaction?
What was Tom's real name?
What was Tom's reason for doing that?
What was Tom's reply?
What was Tom's response?
What was Tom's secret?
What was Yanni thinking?
What was Yanni's reaction?
What was Ziri doing up so late?
What was Ziri's goal with Rima?
What was Ziri's picture doing in Rima's bag?
What was a dream yesterday is a reality today.
What was a hope last year is now a fact.
What was about to happen?
What was acceptable in the eighties ended up being unacceptable nowadays. But we had so much more fun in the eighties. OK, we also had AIDS, as a result, or at least part of us had it, fair enough. But nowadays you get COVID and no fun at all.
What was accomplished?
What was achieved?
What was all that about?
What was all the fuss about?
What was all the shooting?
What was all this about?
What was announced at the press conference?
What was at first a natural disaster rapidly became a man-made debacle.
What was being announced at the press conference?
What was bought at the supermarket?
What was causing the footsteps?
What was daily life like in the Soviet Union?
What was decided?
What was different then?
What was discussed?
What was done to Alan Turing was wrong.
What was done to you doesn't excuse what you did.
What was down there?
What was first, the chicken or the egg?
What was for breakfast?
What was freaking Ziri out?
What was going on at that camp?
What was going on here?
What was going on in there?
What was going on there?
What was going on with Ziri?
What was going on?
What was going through your mind at that moment?
What was going to happen to Elias?
What was happening was a mystery to me.
What was happening?
What was he arrested for this time?
What was he doing exactly?
What was he doing here?
What was he doing in her room?
What was he doing in his room?
What was he doing in your room?
What was he doing late at night alone in that apartment?
What was he doing late at night alone in that basement?
What was he doing late at night alone in that bedroom?
What was he doing late at night alone in that cabin?
What was he doing late at night alone in that cemetery?
What was he doing late at night alone in that classroom?
What was he doing late at night alone in that garage?
What was he doing late at night alone in that house?
What was he doing late at night alone in that library?
What was he doing late at night alone in that office?
What was he doing late at night alone in that room?
What was he doing late at night alone in that studio?
What was he doing late at night alone in that warehouse?
What was he doing there?
What was he doing when you saw him?
What was he going to do?
What was he going to make?
What was he like?
What was he so afraid of?
What was he thinking when he said that?
What was he thinking?
What was he trying to prove?
What was he trying to say?
What was he trying to tell us?
What was he up to then?
What was he up to?
What was he wearing?
What was her answer to your proposal?
What was her name again?
What was her name?
What was her point?
What was her reaction to the news?
What was her reaction?
What was her talk about?
What was here before?
What was here on the table?
What was his answer?
What was his childhood nickname?
What was his motive for doing it?
What was his motive for setting the house on fire?
What was his name again?
What was his name?
What was his reaction to this news?
What was his reaction?
What was his reply?
What was his surprise and his joy when, on looking himself over, he saw that he was no longer a marionette, but that he had become a real live boy!
What was his talk about?
What was in Yanni's notebook?
What was in it for Tom?
What was in it for you?
What was in that bag?
What was in that box?
What was in that package?
What was in the box?
What was in the envelope that Tom gave you?
What was in the envelope?
What was in the letter?
What was in the oven?
What was in the report Tom didn't want me to see?
What was in the room with us that night?
What was in the room?
What was in the water?
What was inside the box?
What was inside?
What was invented by Bell?
What was investigative journalism like in the past?
What was irritating Mark?
What was it I left behind?
What was it Tom said?
What was it Tom wanted to do?
What was it Tom wanted to see?
What was it Tom wanted?
What was it about?
What was it all about?
What was it called?
What was it doing there?
What was it for?
What was it like at home?
What was it like back then?
What was it like before?
What was it like down there?
What was it like fasting the whole month of Ramadan for the first time?
What was it like in Australia?
What was it like in Boston thirty years ago?
What was it like in Boston?
What was it like in jail?
What was it like in prison?
What was it like in there?
What was it like in those days?
What was it like living in Australia?
What was it like living in Boston?
What was it like outside?
What was it like over there?
What was it like sleeping outside?
What was it like there?
What was it like to be in Gaza?
What was it like traveling with Tom?
What was it like when Tom kissed you?
What was it like when he kissed you?
What was it like when you were young?
What was it like working there?
What was it like working with Tom?
What was it like?
What was it made of?
What was it supposed to mean?
What was it that Mary bought yesterday?
What was it that Tom asked you to do?
What was it that Tom bought yesterday?
What was it that Tom gave you?
What was it that Tom overheard?
What was it that Tom put into the bag?
What was it that Tom said that made Mary so angry?
What was it that Tom said?
What was it that Tom took out of the trunk?
What was it that brought you to me?
What was it that caught your attention?
What was it that caused you to change your mind?
What was it that he was looking for?
What was it that made you think that way?
What was it that my wife was concealing from me?
What was it that persuaded you to do that?
What was it that we were told to do?
What was it that you did there?
What was it that you gave him?
What was it that you wanted me to tell Tom?
What was it that you wanted to do?
What was it that you wanted?
What was it they asked you?
What was it they asked?
What was it we were talking about?
What was it you and Tom talked about yesterday?
What was it you asked Tom to do?
What was it you asked Tom?
What was it you asked her?
What was it you asked him?
What was it you asked me to do?
What was it you asked me?
What was it you asked them?
What was it you asked?
What was it you wanted to ask me to do?
What was it you wanted to ask me?
What was it you wanted to say to me?
What was it you wanted to show me?
What was it you wanted to talk to me about?
What was it you wanted to tell me yesterday?
What was it you wanted to tell me?
What was it you wanted?
What was it you were asked?
What was it you were doing?
What was it you were going to say?
What was it you were looking for?
What was it, then?
What was it?
What was left?
What was life like before the internet?
What was life like for children back in ancient history?
What was life like in Algeria back then?
What was life like in the 60s?
What was life like in the sixties?
What was needed has been changed.
What was on the paper?
What was on the table?
What was once a passion may become mere habit.
What was one of the best things you did when you were a kid?
What was originally a temporary measure became a permanent fixture.
What was our deal?
What was posted on social media that morning didn't help Ziri.
What was prison like?
What was resolved?
What was said by him?
What was said?
What was served at the party?
What was she doing exactly?
What was she doing here?
What was she doing in her room?
What was she doing in his room?
What was she doing in your room, Tom?
What was she doing in your room?
What was she doing right before she passed out?
What was she doing there?
What was she doing when she made that blunder?
What was she doing when you saw her?
What was she like?
What was she looking at?
What was she planning to do?
What was she really worried about?
What was she supposed to do?
What was she thinking when she came to tell me that?
What was she thinking?
What was she trying to tell us?
What was she wearing?
What was she worried about in particular?
What was so complicated about that?
What was so funny about that?
What was so funny?
What was so valuable?
What was spoken was totally disregarded.
What was stolen?
What was supposed to be a targeted military operation deteriorated into wholesale slaughter of civilians.
What was supposed to happen?
What was surprising?
What was taken?
What was that about Tom?
What was that about dolphins?
What was that about?
What was that again?
What was that alarm for?
What was that all about?
What was that film called?
What was that for?
What was that girl doing in your room?
What was that groan for?
What was that last part?
What was that last thing you said?
What was that like?
What was that loud crash in the kitchen?
What was that meeting about?
What was that noise?
What was that smell?
What was that song they just played on the radio?
What was that song you were singing?
What was that sound?
What was that strange noise?
What was that stuff you just snorted, anyway?
What was that supposed to mean?
What was that teacher's name? For some reason I can't remember.
What was that thing?
What was that town where you used to live called again?
What was that you just did?
What was that you just said?
What was that you said a minute ago?
What was that you said, Tom?
What was that you said?
What was that, a fart?
What was that?
What was the agreement?
What was the alternative?
What was the announcement just now?
What was the answer to Tom's question?
What was the answer?
What was the atmosphere at the party like?
What was the atmosphere in the room like?
What was the atmosphere like?
What was the author thinking while he was writing this book?
What was the author thinking while she was writing this book?
What was the average inflation of Algeria in the first four months of 2004?
What was the best movie you watched this year?
What was the best place that you have ever worked at in your life?
What was the best present you got last Christmas?
What was the best present you received last Christmas?
What was the big announcement?
What was the big news?
What was the boss's decision?
What was the boy called?
What was the boy's name?
What was the call about?
What was the cause for this fight in the first place?
What was the cause of death?
What was the cause of his delay?
What was the cause of the accident?
What was the cause of the explosion?
What was the cause of the fire?
What was the cause of your quarrel?
What was the cause?
What was the color of the apple he gave you?
What was the colour of the shirt you were wearing yesterday?
What was the colour of the white horse of Napoleon?
What was the cost?
What was the court's decision?
What was the craziest thing you've ever done?
What was the culture shock like when you first arrived at Australia?
What was the damage?
What was the determining factor in this case?
What was the diagnosis?
What was the difference between him and me?
What was the difference?
What was the discussion about?
What was the documentary about?
What was the dumbest thing you did as a kid?
What was the exact relationship between Elon Musk and child sex trafficker Ghislaine Maxwell?
What was the explanation?
What was the fight about?
What was the fight all about?
What was the fight over?
What was the final score in today's game?
What was the final score of the game?
What was the final score?
What was the first 7-inch single you bought?
What was the first book you ever read?
What was the first book you read?
What was the first capital of Portugal?
What was the first chapter of the Quran you memorized?
What was the first concert you went to?
What was the first instrument you learned to play?
What was the first meal you cooked for your husband?
What was the first private channel in Turkey?
What was the first ship that passed through the Panama Canal?
What was the first song you ever wrote?
What was the first thing Tom requested?
What was the first thing you did after you got home?
What was the first thing you did after you woke up this morning?
What was the first word you learned in French?
What was the game you played?
What was the geezer saying?
What was the girl called?
What was the girl's name?
What was the gross income in the previous calendar year?
What was the happiest moment of your life?
What was the happiest time of your life?
What was the hold up?
What was the hotel called? I can't remember.
What was the hotel called? I can’t remember.
What was the idea of leaving the cup upside down last time?
What was the implication of his remark?
What was the inflation rate of Algeria then?
What was the keeper doing so far off his line?
What was the last book you read just for fun?
What was the last book you read?
What was the last book you’ve read for fun?
What was the last concert you saw?
What was the last concert you went to?
What was the last movie you saw?
What was the last movie you went to see?
What was the last movie you went to?
What was the last movie you went to? What did you think?
What was the last play you went to see?
What was the last project you led and what was the outcome?
What was the last really difficult thing you had to do?
What was the last song you sang?
What was the last station?
What was the last thing Tom said?
What was the last thing that you bought that you didn't really need?
What was the last thing you ate?
What was the last thing you bought online?
What was the last thing you bought?
What was the last thing you did before going to sleep last night?
What was the last thing you recorded on TV?
What was the last thing you said to Tom?
What was the last thing you took a picture of?
What was the last time Sami took a shower?
What was the last time you gave your wife flowers for no reason?
What was the last word you learned?
What was the last word you learnt?
What was the letter about?
What was the matter this morning?
What was the matter with Tom?
What was the matter with her?
What was the matter with him?
What was the matter with them?
What was the matter with you?
What was the matter?
What was the message?
What was the money spent on?
What was the most dangerous thing you've ever done?
What was the most interesting book that you've ever read?
What was the most interesting thing you did while you were in Boston?
What was the most memorable day of your life?
What was the most recent war fought in Australia?
What was the movie about?
What was the music you were listening to?
What was the name of Bruce Lee's vegan brother? Broco Lee.
What was the name of that little shop in Boston where Tom worked?
What was the name of that movie?
What was the name of that restaurant?
What was the name of that tune you were playing?
What was the name of the astronaut who first set foot on the moon?
What was the name of the character that had a toadstool hat in Super Mario Brothers?
What was the name of the girl?
What was the name of the guy you dated before Tom?
What was the name of the hotel where you stayed in Boston last year?
What was the name of the hotel? I can't recall it.
What was the name of the hotel? I can't remember.
What was the name of the hotel? I can’t recall it.
What was the name of the last movie you saw?
What was the name of the last song that you sang?
What was the name of the last song you sang last night?
What was the name of the last song you sang tonight?
What was the name of the last song you sang?
What was the name of the movie we saw last night?
What was the nature of the relationship between Tom and Mary?
What was the other option?
What was the outcome of the election?
What was the outcome?
What was the party like?
What was the plan?
What was the point of all of that?
What was the point of all of this?
What was the point of that outburst?
What was the point of your tantrum?
What was the point?
What was the president supposed to do if his main opponent refused to fall off the balcony?
What was the price?
What was the priest's name?
What was the problem exactly?
What was the problem with your car?
What was the problem you wanted to talk to me about?
What was the problem?
What was the profession of Handel's father?
What was the punters' reaction to it?
What was the purpose of all this?
What was the purpose?
What was the question again?
What was the question?
What was the real problem?
What was the real reason Prigozhin stood down?
What was the real reason for Tom's refusal?
What was the reason for it?
What was the reason for that?
What was the reason for the delay?
What was the reason for the increase?
What was the reason for your early departure yesterday?
What was the response?
What was the result of Mary's test?
What was the result of Mary’s test?
What was the result?
What was the scope?
What was the score at halftime?
What was the score of the game?
What was the score?
What was the second reason?
What was the secret to Algeria's rise during the Bouteflika era?
What was the secret?
What was the situation in Boston?
What was the stick for?
What was the stupidest thing you did as a kid?
What was the stupidest thing you've ever done?
What was the temperature this morning when you got up?
What was the thing you said about Tom?
What was the time of death?
What was the title of Verdi's first opera?
What was the universe like before the Big Bang?
What was the use?
What was the violation?
What was the weather forecast?
What was the weather like in Boston while you were there?
What was the weather like in Boston?
What was the weather like last Monday?
What was the weather like last Sunday?
What was the weather like when you went out this morning?
What was the weather like when you were away on holiday?
What was the weather like when you were in Boston?
What was the weather like yesterday?
What was the weather like?
What was the weather report?
What was the weather yesterday?
What was the worst day of your life?
What was the worst nightmare you've ever had?
What was the young man's name?
What was their agenda?
What was their explanation?
What was their goal?
What was their name?
What was their problem?
What was their reaction to the report?
What was there above the little table?
What was there to laugh about?
What was there to see?
What was there under the lamp?
What was there?
What was this all about?
What was to be done?
What was up with Tom?
What was up with Ziri?
What was vital was overlaid and hidden by what was irrelevant.
What was written on the blackboard?
What was wrong with Tom?
What was wrong with Yanni?
What was wrong with her?
What was wrong with him?
What was wrong with that?
What was wrong with the old one?
What was wrong with the old way?
What was wrong with them?
What was wrong with you?
What was wrong?
What was your 21st birthday like?
What was your beef?
What was your big break?
What was your biggest failure?
What was your biggest loss in life?
What was your biggest regret in life?
What was your brother up to?
What was your card?
What was your childhood bedroom like?
What was your childhood dream?
What was your childhood like?
What was your conversation with Tom about?
What was your day like?
What was your decision to purchase our product based on?
What was your decision?
What was your dream job as a kid, and did it change as you grew up?
What was your experience like?
What was your experience with it?
What was your family's reaction to your conversion to Islam?
What was your father's name?
What was your favorite TV show as a kid?
What was your favorite TV show when you were a kid?
What was your favorite book when you were a child?
What was your favorite book when you were a kid?
What was your favorite childhood toy?
What was your favorite class in high school?
What was your favorite holiday when you were a child?
What was your favorite kind of candy when you were a child?
What was your favorite movie when you were a kid?
What was your favorite part of the story?
What was your favorite part of the trip?
What was your favorite part?
What was your favorite place to go when you were a child?
What was your favorite subject in high school?
What was your favorite subject in junior high school?
What was your favorite subject in school?
What was your favorite subject when you were in high school?
What was your favorite toy as a kid?
What was your favorite toy when you were a child?
What was your favorite toy when you were a kid?
What was your favorite?
What was your favourite animated film as a kid?
What was your favourite animated film when you were younger?
What was your favourite book as a child?
What was your favourite book when you were a child?
What was your favourite book when you were a kid?
What was your final score?
What was your finest hour?
What was your first cellphone?
What was your first clue?
What was your first date like?
What was your first dog's name?
What was your first impression of Australia?
What was your first impression of Boston?
What was your first impression of London?
What was your first impression of him?
What was your first impression of me?
What was your first impression?
What was your first job?
What was your first opinion of me?
What was your first pet's name?
What was your first take on me?
What was your first tattoo?
What was your first word?
What was your goal?
What was your grandfather's name?
What was your greatest failure, and what did you learn from it?
What was your gut feeling about me initially?
What was your heart rate?
What was your hobby as a teenager?
What was your hobby when you were a teenager?
What was your hometown like?
What was your impression?
What was your initial reaction to me?
What was your inspiration, Tom?
What was your inspiration?
What was your intent?
What was your job?
What was your last dream about?
What was your last job?
What was your least favorite food as a kid?
What was your main attraction on the holidays of Ganesh and Saraswati in school?
What was your main reason for doing that?
What was your major in college?
What was your major?
What was your mission?
What was your most embarrassing moment?
What was your most recent job?
What was your mother doing when you came home?
What was your mother doing when you got home?
What was your mother doing when you returned home?
What was your mother's name?
What was your motivation for studying French?
What was your motivation to do that?
What was your motive?
What was your name again?
What was your name again? You did tell me, but it went in one ear and out the other, I'm afraid.
What was your name before you changed it?
What was your name?
What was your net profit last year?
What was your nickname in high school?
What was your nickname in school?
What was your opponent's name?
What was your other choice?
What was your place of residence?
What was your plan anyway?
What was your plan?
What was your primary focus while you were in college?
What was your problem?
What was your question?
What was your reason for doing that?
What was your relationship like?
What was your relationship with Tom?
What was your relationship with your father like when you were a kid?
What was your response when he invited you?
What was your response?
What was your role in all this?
What was your score?
What was your strategy?
What was your teacher's reaction?
What was your thirteenth birthday like?
What was your time in Australia like?
What was your time in Boston like?
What was your time?
What was your worst childhood fear?
What was your worst job?
What was your worst nightmare ever?
What wasn't I able to tell you?
What wasn't easy?
What wasn't true?
What we Republicans should stand for is growth in the economy. We ought to make the pie higher.
What we all have in common is our love of football.
What we all have in common is that we love soccer.
What we are is God's gift to us. What we become is our gift to God.
What we are seeing now is a country teetering on the brink of civil war.
What we are seeking so frantically elsewhere may turn out to be the horse we have been riding all along.
What we call 'Standard English' is only one of the many dialects spoken all over the world.
What we call 'reality' is often more wonderful and astonishing than fiction.
What we call ’Standard English’ is only one of the many dialects spoken all over the world.
What we cannot fail to deplore are those who deliberately keep their daughters in coercion or worse, send their children to the slaughterhouse. Otherwise, how could we not have kind words to those who, alas, undergo the yoke, are deprived of everything, even die of hunger, are beaten, murdered and cut to pieces to be delivered to the jackals?
What we did didn't seem to help.
What we did didn't solve the problem.
What we did earlier was a mistake.
What we did earlier, that was just a joke.
What we did earlier, that was just to mess with you.
What we did only took three hours.
What we did was a mistake.
What we did was necessary.
What we did was perfectly legal.
What we did was unnecessary.
What we do depends on what Tom does.
What we do depends on what Tom wants to do.
What we do is up to you.
What we do not achieve in reality, we achieve it in dreams.
What we don't have is a concrete example.
What we don't know is whether Tom can do that or not.
What we ended up learning was that the meat had been contaminated.
What we expect from you?
What we expected from them.
What we first learn, we best know.
What we forgot was the password.
What we found was unacceptable.
What we had to decide was when to open the meeting.
What we had to do was really quite simple.
What we had was special.
What we have here is a failure to communicate!
What we have is enough.
What we have is one thing and what we are is quite another.
What we have is very good.
What we have to do is convince Tom.
What we have to do is persuade Tom to go.
What we have to do is persuade Tom to help us.
What we have to do is persuade Tom to leave.
What we hope for is far away.
What we hoped for is gone with the wind.
What we know about Tom is that he has a wife Mary and they have two children, a son and a daughter with the same names as their parents.
What we know is Tom sometimes does that.
What we know is a drop. What we don't know is an ocean.
What we know is just a drop in the ocean. What we do not know is an ocean.
What we know is that Fadil sometimes beat Layla.
What we know is that Tom sometimes does that.
What we know of health we have learned from the study of disease.
What we know of the game's lore is assembled from numerous fragmentary snippets of text found in item descriptions, dialog, and cutscenes.
What we need are facts, not opinions.
What we need are more volunteers.
What we need is a break.
What we need is a catch phrase.
What we need is a good plan.
What we need is a little help.
What we need is a little more money.
What we need is a little more time.
What we need is a pay raise.
What we need is a plan.
What we need is a responsible government. What we have is a clown show.
What we need is action.
What we need is help.
What we need is just a little more time.
What we need is leverage.
What we need is more money.
What we need is more time.
What we need is more volunteers.
What we need is some more time.
What we need is something to drink.
What we need is something to eat.
What we need most is your attendance.
What we need now is a break.
What we need now is a good leader.
What we need now is a little peace and quiet.
What we need now is a quiet place to sit and talk.
What we need now is a rest.
What we need now is action, not discussion.
What we need now is good leadership.
What we need now is new ideas.
What we need now is someone who can help us.
What we need now is something hot to drink.
What we need now is something to drink.
What we need now is something to eat.
What we observe as material bodies and forces are nothing but shapes and variations in the structure of space.
What we obtain by asking is not really ours.
What we owned in those days could fit into a shoebox.
What we really want is some meat.
What we really want is some more free time.
What we really want is some more time.
What we really want is to have many sentences in any and all languages. This is why Tatoeba is multilingual, but not such that languages are simply patterned together and some language pairs get left behind. Tatoeba is really multilingual; all the languages are interconnected.
What we saw last night were apparently foxes.
What we saw must've been a big dog.
What we saw shocked us.
What we saw wasn't a dog.
What we say and what we mean are often quite different.
What we say is true.
What we say, goes.
What we see depends largely on where we look.
What we seek we shall find; what we flee from flees from us.
What we should do next is the question.
What we speak of as 'causality' is nothing more than the phenomenon of repetition.
What we think has no bearing.
What we thought might be a bomb turned out to just be a can of motor oil.
What we tried didn't work.
What we want are facts.
What we want is a chance to earn a decent living.
What we want is freedom.
What we want is peace.
What we want to do next is add some salt.
What we want to do next is check the oil level.
What we were doing didn't seem to be helping.
What we were watching was a prerecorded video.
What we will do is none of your business.
What we'll do if we're not successful?
What we're doing is dangerous.
What we're doing is perfectly legal.
What we're doing is what should've been done a long time ago.
What we're doing now is very dangerous.
What we're doing today is what should've been done a long time ago.
What we're going to do today is go for a walk.
What we're going to do today isn't going to be easy.
What we're going to do today won't be easy.
What we're gonna do is get the fuck out of here.
What we're planning to do should benefit everyone.
What we've accomplished is amazing.
What we've all got in common is our love of football.
What we've already achieved gives us hope for what we can and must achieve tomorrow.
What we've been asked to do is very dangerous.
What we've been waiting for is finally here.
What we've got here is failure to communicate.
What weapon did they use?
What weather!
What web browser do you like the most?
What web browser do you use? I prefer Chrome.
What website do you spend the most time on?
What website do you usually use for searching?
What website do you visit most often?
What website do you visit the most often?
What website do you visit the most?
What websites did you visit today?
What weighs more: one kilo of gold or one kilo of silver?
What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
What went through your head?
What went wrong and why?
What went wrong here?
What went wrong there?
What went wrong?
What were Algeria's exports in 2004?
What were Tom and Mary afraid of?
What were Tom and Mary arguing about?
What were Tom and Mary celebrating?
What were Tom and Mary complaining about?
What were Tom and Mary confused about?
What were Tom and Mary doing all last week?
What were Tom and Mary doing at John's house?
What were Tom and Mary doing at school?
What were Tom and Mary doing at that time?
What were Tom and Mary doing at the hospital?
What were Tom and Mary doing down here?
What were Tom and Mary doing here?
What were Tom and Mary doing in Australia?
What were Tom and Mary doing in Boston last month?
What were Tom and Mary doing in Boston last week?
What were Tom and Mary doing in Boston?
What were Tom and Mary doing in here?
What were Tom and Mary doing in the park?
What were Tom and Mary doing in there?
What were Tom and Mary doing out there?
What were Tom and Mary doing the last time you saw them?
What were Tom and Mary doing there?
What were Tom and Mary doing when you saw them?
What were Tom and Mary doing yesterday morning?
What were Tom and Mary doing yesterday?
What were Tom and Mary doing?
What were Tom and Mary eating?
What were Tom and Mary fighting about?
What were Tom and Mary like?
What were Tom and Mary looking at?
What were Tom and Mary looking for out there in the backyard?
What were Tom and Mary looking for?
What were Tom and Mary really talking about?
What were Tom and Mary staring at?
What were Tom and Mary studying last night?
What were Tom and Mary supposed to do?
