In olden times, football was popular in both Greece and Rome.
In olden times, women often went out bonneted.
In older manuscripts, the number of the Beast is not 666 but instead 616.
In older people, wounds take a long time to heal.
In one corner of the shop were a dozen umbrellas.
In one corner of the shop, there were a dozen umbrellas.
In one day she drinks a litre of coffee.
In one ear and out the other.
In one hand he held a box of chocolates, and in the other a bouquet of flowers.
In one hour and five minutes I meet him at Waterloo Station.
In one house shall it be eaten, neither shall you carry forth of the flesh thereof out of the house, neither shall you break a bone thereof.
In one instant, you'll become an old man!
In one letter he remarks, "Life is but a dream".
In one letter he remarks, "Life is but a dream."
In one minute it will be midnight.
In one month there are four weeks.
In one month, you'll have to give me your guardian's authorization, otherwise, we'll not keep you.
In one night, the prophet Zechariah received eight visions from the Lord.
In one of Kutandara's studios, three teens are playing marimbas, practicing for a concert where they're the star performers.
In one of Tom's visions, a permanent peace was reached on Earth.
In one of my dreams, Tom approached me, asking for forgiveness.
In one of my most loathed fever dreams, I had to unscramble a block of dry ramen with my mind.
In one of the most famous matches in chess history, Robert James Fischer defeated Mark Taimanov by the sensational score of 6-0 in Vancouver (1971).
In one of these wings the windows were broken and blocked with wooden boards, while the roof was partly caved in, a picture of ruin.
In one place, near at hand, a stalagmite had been slowly growing up from the ground for ages, builded by the water-drip from a stalactite overhead.
In one respect, I agree with you.
In one single square kilometre of Borneo woodland have been found as many species of trees as exist in all of North America.
In one universe, Tom uses clones to achieve whatever he wants. In another, he just managed to live a full life. And in another, Tom didn't even exist at first, but started to become real in people's minds as they kept telling fictional stories about him.
In one way Wagner was unlike most of the other great composers. He did not show any talent for music until he was almost a man.
In one way, she reminds me of Skura.
In one way, the outcomes aren't very shocking.
In one week there are seven days.
In one week, the classes will start over.
In one word, he made a lot of money.
In one word: he's a coward.
In one word: she's a coward.
In one year there are more than thirty-one million seconds.
In one year there are twelve months.
In one year, you won't remember me at all.
In one's own hut, there's one's own truth, one's own power, one's own will.
In one's reading, great writers of the past must be given the most attention.
In one’s reading, great writers of the past must be given the most attention.
In opening the door, I broke the lock.
In order for Japan to play a central role in the infrastructural improvement of Southeast Asia, tremendous effort between its government and people is required.
In order for fighter planes to fly faster than sound, they have to overcome a sharp rise in drag near the speed of sound.
In order for his novel to be impeccable, I can swear without failing that he spent entire days and nights in it. From which emerges a more than pleasant reading.
In order for me to understand, tell me, please, to whom you refer specifically.
In order not to be late for the train, I left home early in the morning.
In order not to destroy the innocent, it is better to deviate from the rules.
In order not to fall into depression, Maria meets two or three times a week with friends who are as old as she is.
In order to achieve great things, we must live as though we are never going to die.
In order to achieve that, you'll have to take risks.
In order to achieve your goals, you need something to keep you motivated.
In order to alleviate employment pressures, the nation has established a series of relevant policies.
In order to apply, you have to go in person.
In order to assess the future of the stock, we must observe the nerves, hysteria, and even the digestion and weather sensitivity of each person upon whose actions this investment is dependant.
In order to avoid any misunderstandings, Ziri identified himself.
In order to avoid confusion, the bottom is labelled too.
In order to avoid misunderstandings, they went through the contract again.
In order to bang a blow-up doll, you shouldn't have too sharp a dick.
In order to be a skeptic, maybe you should not be an expert.
In order to be able to improvise properly, you must train your hands to play independently.
In order to be easily understood, a sentence should not be unnecessarily complicated.
In order to be happy, you have to do this.
In order to be like them, we must think like them.
In order to be loved, be lovable!
In order to be sure of the words I learnt today, I review them again.
In order to be useful, a linguistic corpus needs to cover all topics.
In order to beat them, we practice very hard.
In order to become an astronaut, a person must work well with people, be able to communicate well, be eager to do the job, have work experience, have good grades, and have a college degree.
In order to better use a language, and to understand it better, you need to learn new words.
In order to bring about an effective agreement of wills, it is not sufficient to study other languages.
In order to bring about order in this chaos, we need a reliably functioning control mechanism.
In order to bring an end to any conflict, there has to be concessions made by all sides.
In order to bring out your talents to the full you need to a profession more suited to you, to find a new work place.
In order to buy a car, you must show the ward office proof of parking space.
In order to buy a foreign car, he worked very hard.
In order to buy a ticket, you'll have to wait at least an hour.
In order to catch a thief, one needs a thief.
In order to catch animals, they used the bola.
In order to claim the sizable inheritance that your distant great uncle left you in his will, I'm happy to inform you that all you have to do is make a one-time, $500 bank transfer to the following account.
In order to clear up any misunderstanding or false impressions regarding the amazing case of my beloved friend and co-worker, I submit herewith extracts from the professor's notebook, which I found on the desk.
In order to compensate for the country's aging population, the government has decided to take steps to significantly increase birth and immigration rates.
In order to complete the development on schedule, we request that other unrelated tasks be delayed for the moment.
In order to conduct oneself with wisdom, intelligence alone does not suffice.
In order to conquer outer space, we must find a way to make space profitable.
In order to conquer the centre, we'll have to alienate the left wing of the party.
In order to conquer the centre, we’ll have to alienate the left wing of the party.
In order to continue to challenge new things, in order to meet new needs, we work day in day out in R&D.
In order to convince everyone that she was pregnant, Layla pretended that she had cravings.
In order to cross from one sentence to the other, Tom was stretching out his arm. Mary clung firmly onto it and jumped over the dot, avoiding to fall into the space.
In order to cure prostatitis, it is very good to have such a log. Freshly cut is best.
In order to cut down on costs, the company refuses to allow employees to work overtime.
In order to deal with repeat offenders, Mr Johnson is also establishing a "two strikes and you're out" policy - serious breaches of the rules will result in permanent removal of free travel rights.
In order to defeat me you have to do much better than that.
In order to detoxify from staying up late and partying, my cousin drinks apricot smoothies.
In order to distract the others, we brought up this irrelevant issue as a red herring.
In order to distract the population from their true intrigues, the politicians devised some half-hearted reforms.
In order to do that, you have to take risks.
In order to do this, I need help.
In order to do this, I need someone to help me.
In order to elude her eager public, the movie star checked into the hotel under a false name.
In order to elude the eager public, the movie star checked into the hotel under a false name.
In order to enjoy the speech, you need to start by suspending your disbelief.
In order to fall asleep faster, Tom began to count to one thousand.
In order to farm in this arid area, artificial irrigation is necessary.
In order to finance the war, bonds are issued.
In order to find a proper solution, we need to know which constraints we face.
In order to fix something, you have to know what's wrong with it.
In order to fix this mistake we'll have to tear out this seam.
In order to fix this mistake we’ll have to tear out this seam.
In order to forget the past, you got to move to another place.
In order to fully understand how a word is used, it needs to be used in many different contexts.
In order to fund the emergency measures, Chancellor Angela Merkel's government is planning to take on more than $168 billion in new debt for the first time since 2013.
In order to gain media recognition, sometimes AIDS patients have to push themselves into the public eye.
In order to get Algeria's resources out of the country, the French built railways.
In order to get a better look at that picture, I'd like to get a little closer.
In order to get a better look at that picture, I’d like to get a little closer.
In order to get a cheap ticket, you need to buy it way in advance.
In order to get a reservation, you must use her name.
In order to get it done, you'll have to take risks.
In order to get me to believe in something supernatural, you need to provide me with unequivocal proof of its existence.
In order to get some information about Japanese economic problems, you'll find this book very useful.
In order to get some information about Japanese economic problems, you’ll find this book very useful.
In order to get the coconut milk, you must first crack the coconut open.
In order to get the soil ready for planting you must plow it.
In order to get to know a person, one merely needs to travel with them for a week.
In order to get up early in the morning, you have to go to bed early. In order to go to bed early, you have to get up early.
In order to give him a surprise on his birthday, I prepared a fantastic cake.
In order to grow well, these plants need soil that does not contain too much moisture.
In order to have an idea of our current projects, we invite you to visit [url].
In order to help him, talk to him a lot.
In order to help protect marine animals, the researchers suggest requiring ships to move at slower speeds to reduce the chance of striking. They also proposed a limit on the amount of noise ships can make.
In order to hold on to information, she says the neurons have to excite each other through network connections.
In order to improve the environment.
In order to improve the students' attitude to their studies, the school let them start class an hour later.
In order to improve the students’ attitude to their studies, the school let them start class an hour later.
In order to improve your language skills, try to find books written in the language you are learning.
In order to isolate him from bacteria, and such, he is not allowed visitors.
In order to join the special forces you got to be tall and strong, very strong.
In order to justify its war crimes, the United States bombards and annihilates entire countries in the name of liberty and democracy. Of course, companies that sell missiles to the Pentagon, as well as mercenary companies, have very little to do with liberty and democracy. In order to have more petroleum, the American economy needs to decimate millions of lives, and these wars are also beneficial to companies that sell weapons or rent out killers.
In order to keep his certification, the scientist was willing to go so far as to experiment on his own daughter.
In order to keep his original idea from being copied, Henry resorted to reticence.
In order to keep informed, I try to read as much as possible.
In order to keep our feet warm we had to shift from one foot to another and keep moving.
In order to know a man, you have only to travel with him a week.
In order to know a man, you have only to travel with him for a week.
In order to know one, you have to be one.
In order to learn an indigenous or minority language, it is often necessary to learn the dominant language of the region or country.
In order to learn from mistakes, we construct a "no blame" system.
In order to live happily and healthily with parakeets or parrots, you should understand the science of animal behavior for domesticated birds, and consider the emotional effect of eventually losing them.
In order to live, I'm dependent on others not killing me.
In order to lose weight some people skip meals.
In order to lose weight you had better take up some sport.
In order to lose weight, it is best to take up some sport.
In order to lose weight, it's best to take up some sport.
In order to maintain their hegemony, various mayors have tried to get their sons elected as successors after they have retired from office.
In order to make a phone call, I put my hand in my pocket and searched for a coin.
In order to make cold water into hot water, one should heat it up.
In order to make life happy, you must love the everyday trifles.
In order to make this cake you need baking powder and unsalted butter.
In order to make us and everyone else remember this day, I ask everyone to plant a tree with us.
In order to make use of the nursing services covered by long-term care insurance, an authorization form indicating their necessity must be filled out.
In order to move forward, though, we do have to acknowledge that the existing path to global integration requires a course correction.
In order to move the project along smoothly, we have revised the plan several times.
In order to not make mistakes, you need to analyze things.
In order to overcome the data gap, I developed a simple methodology.
In order to participate in this online survey, we may ask you some personal information.
In order to play this song on this keyboard's limited range, I had to transpose it into a different key.
In order to preserve their corrupt and greedy pricing system, the drug companies hired nearly 1,500 lobbyists, including former leaders of the Republican and Democratic parties, to protect their interests. That is 3 lobbyists for every member of Congress. Unbelievable!
In order to prevent a further drop of the Japanese currency, the Bank of Japan intervened in the market to support it at around 150 yen to the dollar.
In order to prevent crime, please take off your name tag when travelling to and from school.
In order to prevent rickets the doctor prescribed insolation.
In order to protect personal information I am unable to answer that question.
In order to put into application the case of treating Japanese, Masato Hagiwara all by himself wrote an additional chapter 12 for Japan that is not in the original book.
In order to qualify for the homestay you must have an interview with the sponsors.
In order to reach Germany, we passed through Switzerland.
In order to reach the apparel stalls, we went up by two floors.
In order to read what is good one must make it a condition never to read what is bad.
In order to realise this plan, putting an effort will be necessary.
In order to recapture the Ko, Black now forces White to play elsewhere on the board and, on the next move, repeats the previous attack. And the fight goes on like this, in what is called the battle of Ko.
In order to register your product, you have to create in ID on our website.
In order to relax, I need to listen to soothing music.
In order to remain silent Dasein must have something to say.
In order to return to our era, what should we do?
In order to save space, dictionary editors often use the abbreviation 'sth' in place of 'something'.
In order to see that picture better, I want to get a little closer.
In order to serve you better, your call may be monitored.
In order to share it, we'll have to tear it into two pieces.
In order to share it, we’ll have to tear it into two pieces.
In order to solve a difficult problem, the burden is on us to reach a higher level of thinking than the one we had when we created the problem.
In order to speak Russian, learn English first; that will allow you to realize that these two languages have absolutely no connection between each other.
In order to sprout, seeds need air and water.
In order to staunch the flow of blood, apply direct pressure to the wound.
In order to stay alive, humans need alimentation, which consists of foods and beverages.
In order to stay awake I may have to drink more coffee.
In order to stay awake, I may have to drink more coffee.
In order to stop "trolls" from causing problem on the internet, you should leave them alone. You cannot give them "bait".
In order to study computational linguistics it's necessary to know various languages, however, one also has to be familiar with the use of computers.
In order to study computational linguistics it’s necessary to know various languages, however, one also has to be familiar with the use of computers.
In order to survive, Tom now needs a kidney transplant.
In order to survive, Tom now needs a transplant.
In order to swim, you have to learn to tread water first.
In order to tag sentences, you must, at least, be an "advanced" contributor.
In order to take the country out of the crisis, the president adopted protectionist measures.
In order to thaw frozen meat without marring its flavor, it is best practice to do so slowly and at a low temperature.
In order to travel, it is important to be able to speak multiple languages.
In order to understand the present, one has to consider the past.
In order to unveil the international language, each lexical item should be written separately.
In order to use a computer, you must learn to type.
In order to use one of the shopping carts the store provides, you have to insert a small coin into the lock mounted on the cart.
In order to visit our country, foreigners will from now on need a special visa.
In order to win the game, you have to shoot the red ball's three neighboring balls into the corner pocket.
In order to win, it is necessary to train.
In order to work, Sami would need a different name and social security number.
In order to write a ½ sign, hold the "Alt" key and type 0189 on the numeric keypad.
In order words, it is a matter of common sense.
In other areas of the city, fighting continued.
In other aspects, the results of Laowang's health examination were all quite normal; it was just that his blood pressure was a bit high.
In other aspects, the results of Laowang’s health examination were all quite normal; it was just that his blood pressure was a bit high.
In other cases, one needs to cover one's eyes.
In other cultures, the balls were filled with earth, grain, bits and pieces of plants, and sometimes even pieces of metal.
In other news, grass is green.
In other parlors, the sign on the window or door is the only evidence that such treatment is given.
In other parts of the world, decreased rain and snowfall, drought and warming temperatures are diminishing water resources and complicating daily life for nomadic and agricultural communities.
In other words, I don't like to work with him.
In other words, I don't like working with him.
In other words, I don’t like to work with him.
In other words, Tom is lazy.
In other words, Tom lied.
In other words, although neither had seen the other, there was a feud between the owners of the two estates that had all the earmarks of an ancient romance.
In other words, be very careful.
In other words, education is the instruction of the intellect in the laws of Nature.
In other words, every grammatical feature which is encountered in all the source languages shall be retained in the grammar of the interlingua, or negatively, no grammatical feature shall be so retained if it is missing from as much as one of the source languages.
In other words, he betrayed us.
In other words, he doesn't want to do it.
In other words, he doesn’t want to do it.
In other words, he is a lazy person.
In other words, he is a man of faith.
In other words, he is lazy.
In other words, he is the most able young man I know.
In other words, he lied.
In other words, he's lazy.
In other words, he's saying to use the flower vase in place of the urine bottle?
In other words, he’s saying to use the flower vase in place of the urine bottle?
In other words, if one man be owing another, say, a hundred pounds, the latter is not legally bound to accept payment doled out in either silver or copper.
In other words, it takes all sorts of people to make a world.
In other words, it's a matter of common sense.
In other words, many nodes continuously stream music files as a method of preventing me from copying them.
In other words, outside of the persons concerned, only one person in Osaka knew about this incident.
In other words, people's genetic tendencies actually mold their environments.
In other words, physical obstacles, perhaps unknown to the original surveyor and engineer, requiring alterations to be made in order to surmount them.
In other words, physical obstacles, perhaps unknown to the original surveyor and engineer, will require alterations to be made in order to surmount them.
In other words, reliability is impossible unless there is a natural warmth.
In other words, she became a good wife.
In other words, she lied.
In other words, she wants to refuse the proposal.
In other words, she wants to reject the proposal.
In other words, she's dumb.
In other words, she’s dumb.
In other words, stars probably don't smell great.
In other words, the definition in rural communities of what it means to be poor is at variance with definitions used by the government.
In other words, the field of the magnet is near the pigeon's head.
In other words, the field of the magnet is near the pigeon’s head.
In other words, the merits, etc. of making detours are the consideration of the attitudes of the landowners whose property the line would cross, the convenience of other towns and villages, as well as connection with other railway lines.
In other words, the risk of losing a home to hurricanes, floods, et cetera, is four times greater today.
In other words, they lied.
In other words, we create time, we are time-makers, and we create it in order to do whatever we want to.
In other words, you agree with *me*?
In other words, you don't know either.
In other words, you should doubt common sense.
In other words, you're a fool.
In other words, you're an idiot.
In other words, you're stupid.
In other words, you’re a fool.
In other words, you’re stupid.
In our French and German classes, our teacher, who hailed from England, said, "How do you expect to learn a foreign language if you don't know the grammar of your own!"
In our Mediterranean forest, there are lots of trees: oak, pine, willow, ash, elm, etc..
In our church, when you marry, you marry for life.
In our city, the people elect the mayor.
In our city, tourists are an important source of revenue.
In our city, we carefully separate and collect garbage.
In our class there are 200 students.
In our class, I'm the oldest.
In our class, there is no child more diligent than Jack.
In our company the official language of business is Japanese.
In our company, the official language is Japanese.
In our country psychotherapists can rightly prescribe drugs while psychologists can't.
In our country the doors are closed.
In our country we seldom open gifts in the presence of the giver.
In our country, the youth is not interested in politics.
In our culture marriage is between one man and one woman.
In our culture, a man is allowed to be married to only one wife at a time.
In our culture, we can't be married to two women at once.
In our culture, we can’t be married to two women at once.
In our culture, you can't be married to two women at the same time.
In our culture, you cannot be married to two women at the same time.
In our day and age, there are more Buddhists in Germany than there are people who know how to bake a good chocolate cake.
In our democracy, the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), which encourages accountability through transparency, is the most prominent expression of a profound national commitment to ensuring an open Government.
In our district there is a big library.
In our dreams, we are free.
In our factory, goods are produced.
In our family all siblings were born with the help of an old male midwife.
In our family, I was the first to receive higher education.
In our family, everything revolves around children.
In our family, my mother decides everything.
In our family, we open one gift on Christmas Eve.
In our fight against drug abuse we shall be committing a serious mistake if we begin to admit that it is a 'lost war' and that, for hypocritically economically-based questions, it is not worthwhile investing enough money to deal with the size of this scourge.
In our friendship group there are Serbs, Croats and Muslims.
In our garden was a young box tree.
In our haste to go to the airport, we didn't even kiss mom and dad goodbye.
In our head office, we have two meeting rooms.
In our house there are two cats: one white and the other black.
In our house there are two televisions.
In our house we speak English most of the time.
In our house, anything that isn't prohibited is fair game.
In our house, it is customary for everyone to wash his or her own dishes.
In our house, it is the custom for everyone to wash their own dishes.
In our interpretation, the output data in Table 2 is an acceptable variation of that in Table 1.
In our lab we create new materials.
In our lives, we are just building sandcastles.
In our lives, we are just building snowmen.
In our lives, we have three or four occasions of showing bravery, but every day, we have the occasion to show a lack of cowardice.
In our lives, we just make soap bubbles.
In our monogamous part of the world, to marry means to halve one’s rights and double one's duties.
In our monogamous part of the world, to marry means to halve one’s rights and double one’s duties.
In our mosque, there was a library.
In our natural hunter-gatherer state, humans get along much better than under ancient or even modern agriculture.
In our next class, we will study the days of the week, the months, and the seasons.
In our next line of business let's make it our strategy to win by losing.
In our next line of business let’s make it our strategy to win by losing.
In our office, we work on the assumption that everything that can go wrong will go wrong.
In our opinion, solar panels are a good investment.
In our opinion, we cannot fight against them now.
In our own way, we're all a little crazy.
In our parameter study, the software will step through a mesh of possible values for each parameter and run the simulation on each of them, identifying which parameter values result in chaotic behavior.
In our park, we have a nice slide for children to play on.
In our plans, we failed to take the weather into account.
In our polluted environment, the air is becoming visible.
In our society we find men of integrity along with crooks.
In our society, there are both honorable people and swindlers.
In our society, women don't receive inheritance.
In our team there are eleven vivid little boys and seven little girls.
In our time, there were many students who passed the graduation exam without studying.
In our view, we have already made the biggest possible compromise.
In our village school, there was no German language instructor.
In our village we call it wasp's net.
In our village, everyday is a party.
In our village, we have kept all the traditions going.
In our village, where winters are harsh and cold, the issue of heating has always been one of the main issues on people's minds.
In our villages, people cooperated a lot in the old days.
In our wide world, there exist countless lifestyles, languages and cultures.
In outer space there is no atmosphere so turbines and propellers cannot work there. This explains why a rocket works in space but a turbine engine or a propeller does not work.
In parliament, Home Minister Rajnath Singh underlined the scale of the deluge faced by the city.
In parliamentary democracies, each party's elected members will hold regular caucus meetings to decide their party's position on upcoming legislative measures.
In particular, London in early spring seems to suit me.
In particular, it is customary for actual examples of use of the harmonic mean to generally cover "average speed," and explain no further than that.
In particular, the endomorphism ring of M is a commutative local ring.
In particular, the vowels change.
In particular, we shouldn't be selfish.
In particular, you cannot ignore the effect it has on the children.
In parts of Iowa, Minnesota and South Dakota, the gusty winds and low humidity will bring the threat of wildfires in areas with dry grass, National Weather Service forecasters warned.
In parts of the states of Victoria and South Australia marsupial numbers are considered to be overabundant.
In passing, we wiped our feet on the mat.
In past years, record heat has occurred in El Nino years.
In past, Iranians lived on naan bread, but nowadays basic Iranian’s food gets rice.
In peace sons bury fathers, but in war fathers bury sons.
In peace, sons bury their fathers. In war, fathers bury their sons.
In peace, we find power.
In peacetime, we worked five days a week.
In perfect English, Ines Ibbou recorded a message to answer Austrian tennis player Dominic Thiem's dismissive remarks.
In perhaps the best known scene from Hitchcock's films, a shower curtain plays a role.
In periods of drought, farmers have to hand-feed their stock.
In periods of extreme heat, it's important to keep the water up to your garden.
In physics we're studying light reflection.
In physics, static friction, sliding friction and rolling friction are distinguished from each other..
In physics, the Jeans instability causes the collapse of interstellar gas clouds and subsequent star formation.
In pitch black darkness, Gabriel felt his way into the cabin.
In places such as Glacier National Park, the glaciers are melting and disappearing. The air is getting warmer, and less snow is falling during winter to renew the melted parts of the glaciers.
In places where it snows a lot, kerosene is an indispensable item.
In places where we are not controlling the insect for experimental purposes, we easily see 100 percent injury in those fruit.
In point of fact it is difficult to foresee the destiny of people.
In point of fact, she had nothing to do with the scandal.
In poker, three of a kind and one pair is known as a full house.
In poker, three of a kind beats two pairs.
In poker, what's a full house?
In political geography, a boundary is an imaginary line between two nations, separating the imaginary rights of one from the imaginary rights of the other.
In politics Mr. Seward favored a system which he compared to the ripe pear that detaches itself and falls into your hand.
In politics there are no friends, only partners.
In politics, one is preceded by imbeciles and replaced by morons.
In politics, respect is hard won but easily lost.
In politics, the word "never" all too often means "tomorrow".
In politics, you have to be ready with an answer.
In popular English a hopelessly fruitless effort is called "Shoveling shit against the tide."
In popular culture the phrase “Allahu akbar” has become almost synonymous with terrorism.
In pots I try in vain to invoke the scents of childhood.
In practice, Christmas season in Spain lasts from December 22nd, when the lottery happens and school's out, until January 7th, when the Kings bring us all our gifts.
In practice, ability counts for more than effort.
In practice, leaders calling for "socialism" are usually just calling for more power for themselves with less accountability. But this isn't to be confused with socialism itself, which is achieved by mass movements of the workers and aimed at clawing power away from the powerful.
In practice, there is little difference between the two.
In practice, this is rarely done.
In praise of God, may He be exalted.
In prayer it is better to have a heart without words than words without a heart.
In pregnancy, the first three months are the most critical.
In prehistory, Sahara was a patchwork of rivers and swamps.
In prehistory, the Sahara was a much wetter place.
In preparation for his trip to Vienna, Tom decided to learn some Australian German.
In preparation for painting a portrait, my friend takes many photographs in order to study the subject closely.
In preparation, clean and fill the bath tub.
In preparation, clean and run a bath.
In preparation, clean the bath and fill it.
In present day Japan, "alchemy" is only used metaphorically; to refer to improper means of making money by politicians or religious hucksters with no morals or shame.
In primary school everyone was in love with Eva.
In primitive societies barter was used.
In principle every car should have a parking space, but in practice this can't be achieved.
In principle, I'm with you.
In principle, there is a need for greater participation.
In principle, there should be a parking place for every car. In practice, this is not true.
In prison, Robert was asked to sign a confession.
In private, Kobayashi-san told me he liked his women "adventurous." What he calls an adventure I hope to never know.
In professional soccer matches, there are only three substitutions allowed per game.
In proportion as our GNP increases, our living standards go up.
In proportion as the sales increase, the profit will rise.
In protected areas hunting is prohibited.
In psychoanalysis, this voice is called the superego, which Freud conceived as the infantile internalizing of parental authority.
In public inns and large country houses, and also in many of the larger city tea-houses, the customary raised floor is divided by a narrow area, which has for its floor the hard trodden earth; and this area forms an avenue from the road to the heart of the house, and even through the house to the garden beyond. This enables one to pass to the centre of the house without the necessity of removing one's shoes.
In public life, let all citizens be equal.
In putting up his tent, Captain Brady's tomahawk had slipped and cut his knee, by which he was lamed for some time.
In quiet moments, truth emerges.
In quiet, we find peace.
In rainy day, you have to drive your car slowly.
In rare cases, a blow to the head can cause the olfactory nerves to be damaged or severed, causing someone to partially or fully lose their sense of smell.
In rare cases, it preys on large ungulates.
In rare instances over the years, chronic wasting disease has infected commercial elk herds throughout North America. The problem has been dealt with in various ways. Occasionally, an entire herd has been quarantined or destroyed to prevent further contagion. But sometimes, the disease has been overlooked, since it may take more than 18 months before a seemingly healthy elk shows signs of CWD, and it's easy to misdiagnose without testing a dead elk's brain stem.
In reading some books we occupy ourselves chiefly with the thoughts of the author; in perusing others, exclusively with our own.
In real combat, you must not forget that hesitation is a very dangerous thing.
In real life as well as in the opera, Mazeppa’s goddaughter Maria leaves her parents and wants to marry him despite the vast age difference.
In real life kings are powerful, but in chess they're pretty much worthless.
In real life kings are powerful, but in chess they’re pretty much worthless.
In real life, help is given out of friendship, or it is not valued; it is received from the hand of friendship, or it is resented.
In real life, things like this don't happen.
In reality black is not a color; it is the absence of color.
In reality it looks completely different.
In reality the Algerians want a change but in continuity, which means, to change the heads of the government by other new heads, but the content will be the same: the Islamic principles that breed dictatorship and everything else!
In reality, I used to work like a dog.
In reality, I'm extremely allergic to dogs!
In reality, all they are interested in is power.
In reality, each reader is, when he reads, the very reader of himself.
In reality, he's the one who is responsible for these results.
In reality, it doesn't mean much.
In reality, it doesn't work.
In reality, it is only held together by duct-tape and zip-ties.
In reality, it was a mirage.
In reality, nothing has been resolved.
In reality, nothing was fine. Far from it. Everything was getting worse and worse.
In reality, the customer is not always right.
In reality, the explanation is a bit more complicated than this, but you get the gist.
In reality, things we don't dare to do because they are difficult, are difficult because we don't dare to do them.
In reality, translation is akin to working for peanuts, since the corresponding meaning of something in one language is often hidden in some deep and impenetrable recesses of the other. As a result, the translator is forced to search all over... Never mind that the picky reader is very difficult to fool.
In reality, we're just fancy worms. Thanks, DNA!
In reality, you're not here.
In recent months, the media has been covering just one topic: the economic crisis.
In recent times, engineers sometimes use 'umbilical cord' to refer to describe a complex or critical cable connecting a component.
In recent years electronic computers have become increasingly important.
In recent years, Nazare has become a global focal point for big wave surfers.
In recent years, aquiculture has increased the region's economic diversification.
In recent years, economic growth has been driven by mining - particularly iron ore.
In recent years, poverty has increased in the country.
In recent years, science has made remarkable progress.
In recent years, secular ideas have flourished throughout the region.
In recent years, some Muslim countries have prospered and attracted the attention of the world.
In recent years, superheroes in comic books and American popular culture have become increasingly diverse.
In recent years, superheroes in comic books and American popular culture have become increasingly diverse. But fans and creators say more work needs to be done, especially on the big screen, to fully represent American society.
In recent years, the government has attempted to reduce price controls and subsidies.
In recent years, the government has sought to address longstanding Maori grievances.
In recent years, the hood has often been used in connection with violence.
In recent years, there has been a revival of interest in swing dancing.
In recent years, they have often moved.
In recent years, with a method called VLBI that uses quasar observations, and by GPS we have begun to understand the absolute movement of tectonic plates.
In recognition of your dedication and hard work, on behalf of our president, we're naming you, Mennad Bakir, the best citizen of our town.
In referenda held in 1972 and 1994, Norway rejected joining the EU.
In regard to that matter, we heard it from the company president.
In regard to the antiquity of the monuments, and the people who spoke the language called Lycian, now first made known through these inscriptions, we are enabled to arrive at conclusions which fix their era with some degree of certainty.
In regard to the internship system in the United States I availed myself of part of Miyumi Tanaka's work "Making doctors in Harvard" (Igaku-Shoin Ltd.) as a reference.
In regard to the internship system in the United States I availed myself of part of Miyumi Tanaka’s work "Making doctors in Harvard" (Igaku-Shoin Ltd.) as a reference.
In regard to the schedule, I'll let you know later.
In regard to the schedule, I’ll let you know later.
In regards to music, he is one of the most famous critics.
In regards to practicality, the world seems to be governed by varying degrees of fuzzy logic. In other words, things aren't so black and white as you may think at times.
In relating the circumstances which have led to my confinement within this refuge for the demented, I am aware that my present position will create a natural doubt of the authenticity of my narrative.
In relation to this, I am to blame.
In religion there are the two great motives of fear and love.
In religion, all that matters is doing.
In remarks to royalty, prime ministers, CEOs, and other elites, Schwab said it is time to reinvigorate the global economy, create jobs, and recreate confidence in the future. He said the world is overwhelmed by cynicism and pessimism, and called on members to repair deficiencies in capitalism and restore the social compact.
In remote corners of the world, citizens are demanding respect for the dignity of all people no matter their gender, or race, or religion, or disability, or sexual orientation, and those who deny others dignity are subject to public reproach.
In reply to your request, we offer you an extra discount of 5% on this order.
In reply, Lisa asked me to calculate 100 factorial in my head.
In reply, he didn't say even a word.
In reply, he didn’t say even a word.
In reports in America, guerrilla resistance by the Iraq military is called terrorism.
In reports in the United States, guerrilla resistance by the Iraq military is called terrorism.
In research, English is the language to be used.
In respect of this question, there are three opinions.
In respect to your question, I have nothing to say.
In responding to requests under the FOIA, executive branch agencies should act promptly and in a spirit of cooperation, recognizing that such agencies are servants of the public.
In response to Angela Merkel's concern regarding the developments in Crimea and Ukraine as a whole, Vladimir Putin drew the attention to the unrelenting threat of violence by ultra-nationalist forces, endangering the lives and legitimate interests of Russian citizens and the entire Russian-speaking population.
In response to Indian nuclear weapons testing, Pakistan conducted its own tests in mid-1998.
In response to customer concerns, we will definitely be addressing this software defect.
In response to the pandemic, many universities went test-blind or test-optional, to accommodate those unable to take certain standardized tests.
In response to the virus, South Korea has announced a nearly $10 billion economic stimulus package.
In response to the warning, Australian authorities say they are heeding the report's call for "ambitious, rapid and sustained" action to protect the reef.
In response to this shortage of skilled artisans, a group of local movers and shakers laid the groundwork that led to the founding of the American College of the Building Arts.
In retaliation, Damiano punched Rima.
In retirement, her favorite job has been watching her two great-granddaughters, ages 3 months and 2 years.
In retrospect, I probably shouldn't have gone there with her.
In retrospect, I probably shouldn’t have gone there with her.
In retrospect, I should have known that it was a scam.
In retrospect, I should have treated her with more respect.
In retrospect, I should've known that it was a scam.
In retrospect, I think you were right.
In retrospect, Tom realized he shouldn't have been dating both sisters at the same time.
In retrospect, Tom realized he shouldn’t have been dating both sisters at the same time.
In retrospect, Tom realized that he shouldn't have been dating both sisters at the same time.
In retrospect, Tom wishes he had spent more time studying.
In retrospect, inclusion of that entry in the dictionary was a mistake.
In retrospect, it is not all the more beautiful, one only appreciates the many small moments which had previously been taken for granted.
In retrospect, it may seem obvious that we shouldn't have been burning our trash so close to our house.
In retrospect, it may seem obvious that we shouldn’t have been burning our trash so close to our house.
In retrospect, it may seem obvious we shouldn't have been burning our trash so close to our house.
In retrospect, maybe I shouldn't have posted that photo in my blog.
In retrospect, maybe I shouldn’t have posted that photo in my blog.
In retrospect, that decision was a mistake.
In retrospect, the MERS outbreak in South Korea could have been more effectively contained if the first patient, who contracted the deadly virus during a trip to the Middle East, was correctly diagnosed and immediately quarantined when he first went to a hospital emergency room in Seoul.
In retrospect, the hawkish tendencies of that society were becoming more and more evident in the months before war broke out.
In return for Mary pretending to be his girlfriend at the school reunion, Tom had to agree to repair her car at his garage and get it through the MOT free of charge.
In return for helping you with your studies, I'd like to ask a small favor of you.
In return for helping you with your studies, I’d like to ask a small favor of you.
In revenge and in love woman is more barbarous than man is.
In reverse order tonight.
In rich countries, few people starve.
In rich countries, poorer children are missing out on school lunches, which is often their one big meal of the day.
In role-playing games, Tom always picks female characters, given the choice.
In roleplaying games, he always wanted to play as an elf.
In rural Ibaan, Batangas, Philippines, I was eating jackfruit in the verandah, as my Uncle Boy said that jackfruit would taste more delicious if I were speaking in Tagalog, insinuatingly than in English.
In rural areas people eat better.
In sad times, comedy blooms.
In sad wet seasons, though he knew it must rain at Christminster too, he could hardly believe that it rained so drearily there.
In school I have many subjects.
In school we often painted with brushes and watercolors.
In school, Tom was often bullied.
In school, Tom was often teased.
In schools everywhere sports-wear is all spats and shorts.
In schools in Hispanic countries, English is just an elective subject that few take.
In schools these days, children are brainwashed and taught nonsense.
In science class, we drew pictures of cells.
In science, if there is a mistake in theory or data, scientists try to correct it. Science is a self-correcting paradigm, unlike religion. In religion, if adherents think that some beliefs are not correct, some opt to create a new religion.
In science, one can learn the most by studying what seems the least.
In science, one cannot cheat on quantitative or qualitative data, or outright lie about information, unlike science fiction, which likes to play with hypotheticals for not just entertainment.
In science, results of experiments must be duplicated by other researches before they begin to be accepted by the scientific community.
In seahorses it's the male that gets pregnant.
In search of a challenge, Mary set about translating Tom's sentences, which in any case were difficult, into Old Church Slavonic.
In search of more security and comfort, they left the Gaza Strip and moved near Lake Geneva.
In secondary schools, teachers usually teach at least one subject (for example, History), but they often have another role, that of form teacher.
In seeking victory, those who direct a war cannot overstep the limitations imposed by the objective conditions.
In selfless service to the worldwide community of Esperanto speakers, Bertilo published his detailed and comprehensive seven-hundred-page grammatical analysis of the international language. Magnanimously, he made the work available both as a printed book and as a file for free downloading.
In sending forth the stories in the present volume, all of which are here set down in print for the first time, it is my hope that they may enable American children to share with the children of Russia the pleasure of glancing into the magic world of the old Slavic nation.
In seventeen seventy-nine, Spain entered the war against the British. And the next year, the British were also fighting the Dutch to stop their trade with America.
In seventeen sixty-seven, the New Testament was printed in Scottish Gaelic.
In several European countries, the current currency is the Euro. Its symbol is €. One Euro is worth about two Turkish lira.
In several European countries, the current currency is the euro. Its symbol is â‚¬. One euro is worth about two Turkish lira.
In several U.S. cities, adventure lovers of all ages can climb trees, swing on ropes and zip through a forest canopy, like Tarzan as depicted in Hollywood's jungle-adventure movies.
In several patriarchal societies, murdering one's wife is viewed as a misdemeanor.
In severe cases, cracks can form or it can snap apart.
In severe weather, it's best to stay indoors.
In severe weather, it’s best to stay indoors.
In sex, he wasted no time on niceties.
In shadows, we find light.
In short it was only after many failures, and after many barren epochs during which, for a variety of reasons, the enterprise was neglected, that the Fourth Men did at length fashion two individuals almost precisely of the type they had originally designed. These were produced from a single fertilized ovum, in laboratory conditions. Identical twins, but of opposite sexes, they became the Adam and Eve of a new and glorious human species, the Fifth Men.
In short some guns have excellent security systems to prevent accidental firing (e.g. when dropped), others don't.
In short some guns have excellent security systems to prevent accidental firing (e.g. when dropped), others don’t.
In short, "kink" covers diverse unconventional sexual interests, while a "fetish" is a specific fixation on something for sexual arousal.
In short, I disagree.
In short, I don't know.
In short, I don't want you to work for that company.
In short, I don’t want you to work for that company.
In short, I was sacked.
In short, all died out.
In short, all our efforts resulted in nothing.
In short, cats are cats and their world is that of cats, from one end to the other.
In short, he is a man of great ability.
In short, he is married with his first love.
In short, he was too honest.
In short, he was wrong.
In short, he's a bootlicker.
In short, he's a genius.
In short, he's run off without paying off his debt.
In short, he’s run off without paying off his debt.
In short, is it good or bad?
In short, it is because the 'plan.doc' file I attached in the previous email was infected with a virus.
In short, it is because the ’plan.doc’ file I attached in the previous email was infected with a virus.
In short, it was a great party.
In short, let it be your maxim through life to know all you can know, yourself; and never to trust implicitly to the information of others. This rule has been of infinite service to me in the course of my life.
In short, she had no idea if he'd live.
In short, she hated me for ruining her life.
In short, systems of morals are only a sign-language of the emotions.
In short, the Anarchist tendency is a necessity of progress, a protest against usurpation, privilege, and injustice.
In short, the town market was usually reserved for the citizens of the town, and the policy of the guilds (with occasional exceptions on the part of the great commercial guilds) was to shut the door to all foreign goods which they could produce themselves.
In short, there is a difference between guests and travellers.
In short, there is something for everyone.
In short, try Dict.
In short, we can say the following.
In short, we want to build a new Algeria.
In short: life is short.
In signing the Treaty of Tripoli in 1796, our second President John Adams wrote, "The United States has in itself no character of enmity against the laws, religion or tranquility of Muslims."
In silence, our hearts seem to drift apart.
In silence, she placed her left hand in my right hand.
In silence, truth blooms.
In silence, we discover ourselves.
In silence, we find truth.
In silence, we grow strong.
In silence, we hear the truth.
In silence, we learn.
In silence, wisdom grows.
In simple terms, most programming languages are sets of instructions for computers to produce various kinds of output.
In simple, truthful words she reproached him for having neglected her to the verge of incivility the evening before, but there was no trace of bitterness or resentment in the accusation, and she gave Hermon little time for apology, but quickly gladdened him with words of forgiveness.
In simplicity there is freedom.
In situations like these, a gun might come in handy.
In situations like these, it's best to remain calm.
In situations like these, it’s best to remain calm.
In situations like this, it's best to take the initiative.
In six years, Anatoly Karpov and Garry Kasparov played against each other five matches (144 games, 5540 moves) for the world chess championship.
In six years, will we remember what you said today?
In small towns, everyone knows everything about one another.
In small towns, there's sometimes only one polling station.
In so far as theories of mathematics speak about reality, they are not certain, and in so far as they are certain, they do not speak about reality.
In soccer, a player is sent off with a red card.
In soccer, if you get two yellow cards, you're sent off.
In societies dominated by modern conditions of production, life is presented as an immense accumulation of spectacles. Everything that was directly lived has receded into a representation.
In softball, the ball is pitched underhand.
In softball, the ball is pitched underhanded.
In some Muslim-majority countries, girls are less likely than boys to get higher education.
In some Scottish cities, the equivalent of a mayor is called a provost.
In some areas of Algeria, paved roads are in total disrepair.
In some areas of the world, you can still get sued if you slander or libel a deceased person.
In some areas, ICE express trains in Germany operate with a speed of over 250 km/h.
In some areas, ash is a meter deep, and it has given the normally green and lush island an apocalyptic appearance.
In some areas, hills collapsed under the weight of water, causing deadly landslides that crushed homes and took out roads.
In some attempts, it is glorious even to fail.
In some cases the meaning is not contextualized.
In some cases the schools have burned down, and so on.
In some cases, emeralds can be worth more than diamonds.
In some cases, groups spreading misinformation create websites and social media accounts that look like a legitimate news organization.
In some cases, it might be safer to think of different words to use if you don't want to risk creating an awkward situation.
In some cases, mastectomy is prophylactic surgery - a preventive measure taken by those considered to be at high risk of breast cancer.
In some cases, pidgin became a first language.
In some cases, the bribes were paid to college athletic team coaches who labeled the students as recruited athletes even though they did not play the sport.
In some cases, ulcers can bleed and, rarely, patients experience fever.
In some companies, employees use paid holidays for their summer vacations.
In some companies, employees use paid time off for their summer vacations.
In some countries capital punishment is illegal.
In some countries like Canada and the US, Algerians are a high-income demographic.
In some countries, Soviet symbols are banned by law.
In some countries, Soviet symbols are illegal.
In some countries, abortion is legal.
In some countries, an advice columnist is known as an agony aunt.
In some countries, being a woman is not a good thing.
In some countries, children seldom ride tricycles.
In some countries, even criticising the head of state can land you in jail.
In some countries, like Norway and Finland, it snows a lot in winter.
In some countries, many of the largest publicly listed firms are family-owned.
In some countries, people believe that Apple products are symbols of imperialism.
In some countries, the punishment for treason can be life in prison.
In some countries, undergraduate students receive a stipend to help pay for living expenses.
In some countries, when a herd of elephants encroaches upon the agricultural livelihoods of farmers, the elephants can be exterminated.
In some cultures, a funeral is a time of rejoicing for the "homegoing."
In some cultures, a resounding belch after a meal is considered a compliment to the chef.
In some cultures, antlers are used for decorative or ceremonial purposes.
In some cultures, antlers are used for medicinal purposes.
In some cultures, having hallucinations may not be seen as a sign of mental illness.
In some cultures, the moose is considered a sacred animal.
In some distant future, when we have more capabilities, this may indeed be useful, but for now it is simply a waste of energy.
In some instances the leadership engaged in bullying-type behavior to enforce unquestioning compliance.
In some languages like French or Persian, a potato is called an 'apple of the earth'.
In some languages there's no articles whatsoever.
In some larger cities, people must stint on food and clothing in order to make rent or mortgage payments.
In some mammals, such as sheep and cattle, the umbilical cord has two umbilical veins.
In some neighborhoods of Algiers, you need to be on your guard 24/7.
In some of the Great Lakes and other large bodies of water, the time period between the "high" and "low" of a seiche can be as much as four to seven hours. This is very similar to the time period between a high and low tide in the oceans, and is often mistaken as a tide.
In some of the experiments, stopping the consumption of wheat had a positive influence on a specific subgroup of people with schizophrenia.
In some parts of Algiers, there is garbage thrown everywhere.
In some parts of Germany—Lorraine is one—the people burn the Yule-log; sometimes a huge log that will last through the three days' festivity, sometimes one so small that the family sit before it until it is all consumed.
In some parts of Kabylie, Algeria, it rains a lot.
In some parts of the ocean, krill populations have dropped by over 80 percent.
In some parts of the world people pay more attention to LGBTQ+ movements than movements to help the poor.
In some parts of the world, mangrove swamps are threatened by deforestation and development.
In some parts of the world, mangrove swamps are used to cultivate oysters and other shellfish.
In some places in the world, it's not uncommon to see people bathing outdoors.
In some places, chocolate and paprika are considered aphrodisiacs.
In some places, farmers are using "detection trees." These have an area where bark has been cut away. The area circles the tree and is called a girdle. The girdling process weakens the trees. It makes them easier targets for borers, and shows if the insects are nearby.
In some places, people died of hunger.
In some places, the ocean is deeper than the tallest mountains are high!
In some regions of the United States, flamingo statues are a popular lawn ornament.
In some religions, fire, like water, is a kind of purifier.
In some remote places, women bring water from fountains on their heads.
In some respects, Ziri is correct.
In some rural areas, the Internet is important for agricultural information, as well as being particularly useful for the purposes of agricultural production technologies and pricing.
In some sense, you are right.
In some situations, telling a white lie could be used to avoid people to be disappointed or get angry by or with someone.
In some situations, we would never receive criticism about our appearance, such as clothing or hair.
In some societies, it is frowned upon for an old man to sing about love.
In some societies, wives are still considered the property of their husbands.
In some species of animals, the female is dominant over the male.
In some states, judges are elected officials.
In some stations the inbound and outbound platforms are not connected.
In some time you'll understand all this.
In some traditional Muslim cultures, it's very common for a man to walk a few steps ahead of the woman he's accompanying.
In some ways education is like a disease: you have to get over it.
In some ways, Australia is nicer than New Zealand.
In some ways, Boston is nicer than Chicago.
In some ways, I envy him; he knows exactly what he wants and he's not afraid to take it.
In some ways, it appears that holding two national ballots in a country lacking the most basic infrastructure, amid the threat of attack by zealous insurgents, may have been the easy part.
In southern Algeria, there are a lot of Berber-speaking oases.
In southern Europe, there are many types of goat cheese. Normally, they're sold by the farmers that make it.
In southern Florida, high tides are threatening drinking water and causing soil erosion.
In southern Lebanon, Hezbollah fighters proved themselves to be capable of superhuman feats during battle.
In space, all warriors are cold warriors.
In space, no one can hear you scream.
In space, no one can hear you screaming.
In space, the temperature can be thousands of degrees without providing significant heat to a given object or feeling hot.
In space, your body would swell without a pressure suit because liquid in your soft tissues and, to a lesser extent, water in your circulatory system would begin to vaporize. Contrary to some existing myths, you would not explode—your skin is too strong for that to happen.
In special forces, torture is a taboo.
In special forces, you must get used to all sorts of difficulties and dangers.
In special forces, you're trained to kill with and without weapons.
In special forces, you're trained to use almost anything as a deadly weapon.
In spite of all his efforts, he failed the exam.
In spite of all his success, he's not happy.
In spite of all of his riches, he is not at all happy.
In spite of all the cooking shows I've watched, I'm still no good in the kitchen.
In spite of all the cooking shows I’ve watched, I’m still no good in the kitchen.
In spite of all, however, in every campaign, after each lost battle, and even after those which were won, the number of deserters was fearfully great.
In spite of being fat, she was pretty.
In spite of being insulted, he managed to keep his temper.
In spite of being part of the same story, the two novels differ in several ways.
In spite of everything, I believe the experiment was a great success.
In spite of everything, I believe we can still fix the situation.
In spite of everything, I managed to be a good mother.
In spite of everything, I think it's not bad.
In spite of everything, Tom is happy.
In spite of everything, he came.
In spite of everything, she was expecting reassuring words from him.
In spite of her harmless looks, Linda has earned herself a reputation as a cold-hearted, fierce and merciless killing machine.
In spite of his anger, he listened to me patiently.
In spite of his capacity for concealing his emotions, I could easily see that Holmes was in a state of suppressed excitement, while I was myself tingling with that half-sporting, half-intellectual pleasure which I invariably experienced when I associated myself with him in his investigations.
In spite of his considerable wealth he was simple in his personal tastes.
In spite of his mistakes, everyone respects him.
In spite of his progressive sight loss, he's still allowed to drive a car.
In spite of his tight schedule, Tom always has time to spend with his children.
In spite of my diet, I couldn't help taking a slice of chocolate cake.
In spite of my diet, I couldn’t help taking a slice of chocolate cake.
In spite of our congratulations, he frowned and turned away.
In spite of our encouragement, he decided to throw in the towel.
In spite of the bad weather, they decided to go by car.
In spite of the bad weather, we had a great time.
In spite of the cold, the weather was beautiful.
In spite of the controversy it aroused, the question still remains open.
In spite of the depression, the prices of commodities are still high.
In spite of the fact that Mount Ararat officially belongs to Turkey, it's still a key element of Armenia's coat of arms.
In spite of the fact that Tom is thirty, he's still dependent on his parents.
In spite of the fact that drinking alcohol damages their bodies, many people still like to drink it.
In spite of the fact that he was tired, he continued working.
In spite of the fact that he's 38, he's still dependent on his parents.
In spite of the fact that she was busy, she came to see me.
In spite of the fact that she's rich, she says she's poor.
In spite of the great importance in our national life of the efforts and ingenuity of unusual individuals, the people in the mass have inevitably helped to make large fortunes possible.
In spite of the heavy rain, he decided to go out.
In spite of the heavy rain, he visited his friend in hospital.
In spite of the heavy rain, he visited his friend in the hospital.
In spite of the heavy snow, she came all the way to the station.
In spite of the heavy traffic, I managed to get to the airport in time.
In spite of the heavy traffic, we arrived on time.
In spite of the hurricane, the ship reached port.
In spite of the inclement weather, many people were there.
In spite of the language difficulty, we soon became friends.
In spite of the loud cries of joy, the king saw that the faces of his subjects were stiff and tense.
In spite of the noise, I could hear faint music in the distance.
In spite of the rain, I went out.
In spite of the rain, the game was not cancelled.
In spite of the rain, the game wasn't canceled.
In spite of the rain, this trip very much pleased me, on the whole.
In spite of the rain, we enjoyed our holiday.
In spite of the rain, we played football.
In spite of the rain, we went to picnic.
In spite of the serious risk of infection, Simond caught a plague-infected rat in the street.
In spite of the storm, he went out.
In spite of the sunny weather, the air was rather chilly.
In spite of the teacher's warning, the lazy boy comes late as often as not.
In spite of the teacher’s warning, the lazy boy comes late as often as not.
In spite of the terrible congestion, I was in time for the appointment.
In spite of the tyrant’s persecution, the hero valiantly carried on the struggle.
In spite of the warm weather he was crouching over a fire, and the little room was like an oven.
In spite of their oaths, signatures, and protestations of fealty, there slumbered in each Britisher's heart a flickering hope for a return of England's sovereignty.
In spite of their tiny restaurant they managed to pull through the recession.
In spite of their various differences, Joan and Ann are friends.
In spite of these dangers, mountaineering is very popular.
In spoiling her child, Stella made a rod for her own back in the years that were to follow.
In spoken language, we do not pause between words, a fact that is somewhat surprising. We seem to hear separate words; we can clearly make them out.
In sport, team harmony is vital to success.
In sports, there is no room for failure.
In spring brightly green, and spangled with wild flowers, by midsummer this prairie had grown sere and yellow.
In spring days are not always warm.
In spring everything looks bright.
In spring it becomes warmer and warmer.
In spring the days get longer.
In spring you can plant radishes, spinach and lettuce.
In spring, I await many encounters!
In spring, I await many meetings!
In spring, I look forward to many encounters!
In spring, I look forward to many meetings!
In spring, I look forward to meeting a lot of people!
In spring, I look forward to meeting many people!
In spring, I look forward to rendezvous with many people!
In spring, I look forward to rendezvousing with many people!
In spring, Tom is always seized by wanderlust and has to get out into nature.
In spring, everyone wakes up early.
In spring, flowers grow and trees bloom.
In spring, loquats are on every Algerian table.
In spring, nature turns green.
In spring, one sleeps a sleep that knows no dawn.
In spring, sap is extracted from the birch trees.
In spring, the dawn.
In spring, the days become longer.
In spring, the days get longer.
In spring, the snake sheds its old skin.
In spring, there are various blooming flowers.
In spring, there's no lack of work to do in the garden.
In spring, we like to give the house a thorough cleaning.
In springtime, the dawn. In summer, the night.
In statistics we need to distinguish between false positives and false negatives.
In stillness, courage grows.
In stillness, strength is forged.
In stillness, the soul grows.
In stillness, we find peace.
In stillness, we grow.
In stillness, we heal.
In stillness, we hear the world breathe.
In stillness, we thrive.
In strandings involving multiple deaths, autopsies reveal that the vast majority of the deceased animals were healthy before they beached.
In studying astronomy, some Christians start to doubt the relevance of their religion, but Buddhists do not.
In studying geography, you must make constant use of maps.
In such a case, notify his family.
In such a case, restraints in fiscal policy must be brought into play.
In such a case, you can always ask a question in return.
In such a drunken state, keeping etiquette is unrealistic; If it is maintained, then it’s odd and cryptic.
In such a situation, it's best to control yourself.
In such an urban environment, anything could happen at any moment.
In such cases, adults should not scold them instantly, but be patient with them, considering their mental growth.
In such cases, it's best to seek guidance from experts.
In such cold, I wonder why school still isn't closed.
In such countries as Norway and Finland, they have lots of snow in winter.
In such situations, one must be patient and keep calm.
In such surroundings the mind loses its perspective; time and space become trivial and unreal, and echoes of a forgotten prehistoric past beat insistently upon the enthralled consciousness.
In such thin clothes, are you warm enough?
In summary, the committee judged the result achieved to be unsatisfactory.
In summary, the committee judged the result achieved unsatisfactory.
In summary, you can call the ship, with complete justification, a floating sanatorium.
In summer I go to the sea, and in winter to the mountains.
In summer I go to the sea, in winter to the mountains.
In summer I spent a fantastic week in Greece.
In summer and early autumn typhoons can strike the city. In recent years they haven't caused much damage.
In summer it eats birds' eggs, wasps' larvae, berries and honey.
In summer it is essential to drink lots of water when we sweat.
In summer it is often stuffy.
In summer it often rained.
In summer it's very hot in the south of Spain.
In summer it's watermelon or nothing!
In summer limit yourself to watermelon!
In summer meat easily goes bad; you must keep it in the refrigerator.
In summer the channel dries up, but in autumn the river carries a large water flow.
In summer the temperature rises.
In summer time, I took few days holidays in my village.
In summer you can see many shooting stars.
In summer, European people enjoy long holidays.
In summer, I like to go out for a run in the countryside.
In summer, I like to go to run outside in the countryside.
In summer, I only wear white.
In summer, I shower with cold water.
In summer, I take a shower every morning.
In summer, all I wear is white.
In summer, eggs go bad quickly.
In summer, eggs soon go bad.
In summer, everything will recover.
In summer, it gets light earlier than in winter.
In summer, it is hot.
In summer, it is very hot here.
In summer, it wasn't a problem.
In summer, it's a tragedy.
In summer, it's sunny almost every day.
In summer, it's very hot here.
In summer, many people use a fan to cool off.
In summer, many stars are visible in the night sky.
In summer, meat goes bad easily; you must keep it in the refrigerator.
In summer, nothing is more refreshing than a juicy watermelon.
In summer, people go to the beach.
In summer, people go to the seaside.
In summer, people prefer the sea.
In summer, the days are long and the nights are short.
In summer, the girls usually go swimming either at the river or at the park.
In summer, the sun shines almost every day.
In summer, the temperatures are liable to climb to around 45 degrees!
In summer, the temperatures are liable to jump up to about 45 degrees!
In summer, there is often warm weather.
In summer, they used to play on the beach all day long.
In summer, we enjoy outdoor sports.
In summer, we go to the seaside.
In summer, we used to go swimming in the river.
In summer, we walk more often than in winter.
In summer, when we sweat more often, it is essential to drink lots of water.
In summing up, Judge Reginald Weir said he was critical of forensic evidence presented by the prosecution that relied heavily on a new kind of DNA testing. He also criticized the police for how they handled and stored the evidence, with possible cross-contamination.
In sweet music is such art, killing care and grief of heart.
In swimming pools, water is continuously pumped through a filter.
In synagogues, people often pray standing up.
In synagogues, they like to pray standing up.
In talks that were broadcast live, the activists pursued their demand for the public to freely choose candidates for the 2017 leadership elections. However, the government made few concessions and uncertainty persists about what comes next.
In tears I'm drowning in endless sorrow.
In tears, she tore up his letter and threw it away.
In temperate countries, colds and flu rise and fall with the seasons.
In temperatures that can drop below -20 degrees Fahrenheit, along a route occasionally blocked by wind-driven ice dunes, a hundred miles from any other people, a team led by two NASA scientists will survey an unexplored stretch of Antarctic ice.
In ten minutes we'll reach the station.
In ten minutes, the potatoes will be done.
In ten years our town will change a lot.
In ten years, all households will have Internet connection.
In ten-dollar bills, please.
In tennis and ping-pong backhand the hand is turned backwards in making the stroke.
In tennis jargon, winning a set 6-0 is called a bagel. Winning two sets at love is called a double bagel. Winning three sets at love, only possible in a best-of-five match, is, unsurprisingly, referred to as a triple bagel. Triple bagels are extremely rare in professional tennis.
In tennis, you'd call this an unforced error.
In tennis, you’d call this an unforced error.
In terms of Earth history, a thousand years is a very short amount of time.
In terms of appearance, she's not any worse than her sister.
In terms of area, France is the largest EU country and Malta is the smallest.
In terms of development, the site was productive.
In terms of diplomacy, Algeria is a master chess player.
In terms of geography, a sea is part of the ocean partially enclosed by land.
In terms of his voice, Tom is like Peter.
In terms of intellectual hobbies, I really like learning Chinese characters.
In terms of job offers, things look bleak.
In terms of learning, he is superior to all of his friends.
In terms of looks, you can't compete with me.
In terms of phonemic length, a mora is equivalent to the duration of a short vowel.
In terms of physical beauty, we as Capricorns, we always do it better than all the other zodiac signs.
In terms of quality, his is the best report.
In terms of reducing the carbon footprint, food miles matter more for vegans.
In terms of salary, that job is fantastic.
In terms of the duration of a match, football distinguishes between normal time and injury time.
In terms of the number of employees, this is the largest of all industries.
In terms of the pay you will get, is this a good job?
In terms of their meaning, both sentences are basically the same. However, the second allows greater scope for interpretation.
In terms of themes, that movie put gender and sexuality at the foreground.
In terms of work, my life is perfect.
In that age, men and women wore similar hairstyles.
In that amazing "zugzwang", the player had all his pieces and pawns on the board and was not under any direct threat, but had only suicidal moves available, which led him to lose the game.
In that area, horses were typically a common sight.
In that area, people used cars to go everywhere.
In that case (Athens) would have got the blame of betraying all.
In that case I don't want anything.
In that case it would be her.
In that case there's no need to wait.
In that case we should start by having a family meeting.
In that case you only have to pay half the price.
In that case you should come today.
In that case, I think you should come in today.
In that case, I wish you luck!
In that case, I wish you luck.
In that case, I'll change my mind.
In that case, I'll come.
In that case, I'm coming.
In that case, I’ll change my mind.
In that case, call the police.
In that case, it will need to take place without their noticing.
In that case, let me do it for you.
In that case, let's go.
In that case, let’s go.
In that case, listen.
In that case, so be it.
In that case, the problem turns into analysis of estimates of risk.
In that case, they fall behind.
In that case, we would at least know a certain thing.
In that case, we'll need to make it out of here real quick.
In that case, we've got a problem...
In that case, we’ve got a problem...
In that case, you are right.
In that case, you're right.
In that chest there are many old coins made of copper, silver and gold.
In that country I was a foreigner and was treated as such.
In that country the government controls prices.
In that country there once lived a wise king.
In that country, people thought that Market Capitalism was the natural order.
In that country, people worshipped money like a god.
In that exhibition you will see jade carvings by several famous masters.
In that factory they build toys.
In that game you play a cat, just exploring the world.
In that horror movie, the whole house becomes alive.
In that house, time passed happily, without attracting notice. Thus the house drew us like a magnet.
In that interview, Antonio talks about his son, who died a few years ago.
In that kind of case, it's best to make a trial of drawing up a budget.
In that kind of case, it’s best to make a trial of drawing up a budget.
In that kiosk they sell flowers.
In that language, adjectives and nouns are inflected for gender.
In that language, voiceless consonants tend to be voiced intervocalically.
In that moment they made me laugh.
In that moment, I felt the devil suddenly strike me.
In that moment, his hug spoke volumes, expressing a love that words could never fully describe.
In that movie, the doctor is the enemy.
In that national park, there were campsites absolutely everywhere.
In that park, it's forbidden to swim in the pond and lie down on the grass.
In that part of Algeria, Lorenzo could see miles ahead.
In that period, scholars in favor of this school of thought predominated.
In that photo, Mark looks like me.
In that pink dress, she was it.
In that place, they don't allow you to enter with shoes on.
In that pleasant district of merry England which is watered by the river Don, there extended in ancient times a large forest, covering the greater part of the beautiful hills and valleys which lie between Sheffield and the pleasant town of Doncaster.
In that regard, I agree with you.
In that respect, I agree with you completely.
In that respect, I agree with you.
In that respect, it could not have been nicer.
In that respect, my opinion differs from yours.
In that room is a mirror as tall as a door.
In that room there is a mirror as tall as a door.
In that sense, we aren't much different from other animals.
In that slender body, where does it all go?
In that state, judges are political appointees. They are not elected.
In that store's display window I saw the object of my desires.
In that study, 66 percent of those in the treatment group became reinfected with malaria within six months after they were vaccinated, compared with 93 percent of participants in the placebo group.
In that time I've decided to quit my job.
In that time, everything was easier.
In that uninviting place I found too many difficult people.
In that unwelcoming place I found too many surly people.
In that very second, I fell in love with the language.
In that village only one family remains.
In that village they still think that a woman's place must be in the home.
In that village, peasants often shared their harvests to survive.
In that way you would have revenged yourself on me.
In that word is included the meaning of matching up to somebody's particular wavelength.
In that word is included the meaning of matching up to somebody’s particular wavelength.
In the "Mafia" tradition of organized crime secret societies, any member who discloses its operation is sure to be rubbed out.
In the "Mafia" tradition of organized crime, any member who discloses its operation is sure to be rubbed out.
In the "New Deal" years of the 1930s, President Franklin Roosevelt created a bevy of government agencies that he hoped would pull the nation out of the Great Depression. They produced a nationwide social-security system, farm subsidies, and jobs for struggling workers, who cleared forests, built highways, wrote guidebooks to the states, photographed rural families and dust-blown towns, and created public works of art across the nation.
In the 100s BC, Hipparchus, the most important Greek astronomer of his time, calculated the comparative brightness of as many as 1,000 different stars. He also calculated the Moon's distance from the Earth.
In the 11th century, North Africa was ransacked and destroyed by the Banu Hilal tribes.
In the 12th game of the World Championship Nepo was already on a win and would have needed only a draw for the title, but in a dramatic back-and-forth, in which both players made serious mistakes, he gave the game away and lost - incredibly bitter for him. Ding, on the other hand, managed to equalize at 6½ : 6½.
In the 15th century the Spanish inquisitor Pedro de Arbués de Épila organized in Zaragoza a game of "living chess" with heretics to stand in as figures who were put to death when they were "captured". In 1867 Arbués was canonized by Pope Pius IX.
In the 15th century, Portugal was a great colonial power.
In the 15th century, Portugal was a major colonial power.
In the 1600s, tea was introduced into Europe from India.
In the 16th century, the Ottoman Empire established its control over Algeria.
In the 1700s, most people in the upper class occasionally washed their faces and hands, and kept themselves “clean” by changing the white linens under their clothing.
In the 1700s, most people in the upper class seldom, if ever, bathed.
In the 17th and 18th centuries, European surnames were legally forced upon Ashkenazi Jews.
In the 1800s, Sardinian pastoralists and Ligurian fishermen set up habitations on the island, and there are Roman and Greek ruins on the island that date back several thousand years.
In the 1840s, several U.S. states ended up defaulting on the loans they took to build canals and railroads.
In the 1850s, researchers demonstrated that carbon dioxide and other naturally occurring greenhouse gases in the atmosphere prevent some of the heat radiating from Earth’s surface from escaping to space: this is known as the greenhouse effect.
In the 1880's, this was a harsh frontier town.
In the 1880s, French scientist Louis Pasteur discovered the link between microbes and the transmission of diseases.
In the 1880s, President Grover Cleveland kept an open-door policy, until strangers tried to pick up his children.
In the 18th century, English actor Joseph Grimaldi became famous for playing a clown in theaters. Grimaldi himself was reported to be an alcoholic and suffered from depression.
In the 18th century, soldiers often wore long, brightly-colored coats, white trousers and tri-cornered hats. Soldiers in the near future will wear camouflage-colored fatigues with integrated body armor, an on-board climate-control system and built-in medical sensors.
In the 1900s, people who trained horses were said to have put goats near racehorses to keep them calm. Just before the race, the goat was removed. This would, supposedly, make the horse nervous and ready to run.
In the 1920s, Alexander Oparin suggested that the early atmosphere of the earth consisted primarily of hydrogen, methane, and ammonia.
In the 1920s, inflation was so high in Germany that it was common to burn money to keep warm.
In the 1930s, a strong movement of independence was swelling across India.
In the 1940s, President Franklin D. Roosevelt equated homeownership with citizenship, saying that a “nation of homeowners, of people who own a real share in their own land, is unconquerable.”
In the 1940s, his family moved to Algiers.
In the 1950's, many French intellectuals were sympathetic to the plight of the Algerian people.
In the 1950's, the Finns were cited as having one of the least healthy diets in the world.
In the 1950s and 1960s, people were more optimistic about the future than they are today.
In the 1950s and 1960s, the popularity of clowns grew because of television.
In the 1950s, Canadian mothers who scolded their children called them by their full names.
In the 1950s, Canadian mothers, who scolded their children, called them by their full names.
In the 1950s, it was difficult to grow up in Algiers.
In the 1950s, oil was discovered in Algeria.
In the 1950s, we were fighting our independence war.
In the 1950’s, the Finns were cited as having one of the least healthy diets in the world.
In the 1960's and 1970's Houari Boumediene ruled Algeria with an iron fist.
In the 1960's and 1970's, Algeria aligned itself with the Eastern Bloc.
In the 1960's, Algeria had a lot of uneducated people.
In the 1960's, Japanese college students demonstrated against their government.
In the 1960s and 1970s, Algeria received equipment from the USSR.
In the 1960s, Algerians focused on building the country as a functional state.
In the 1960s, McDonald’s, the fast-food business, chose a happy clown to appear in its advertisements.
In the 1960s, a huge percentage of the Algerian population lived in the rural areas.
In the 1960s, folk music was very popular.
In the 1960s, the island became an important space tracking station for the US.
In the 1960’s, Japanese college students demonstrated against their government.
In the 1966 surfing cult movie The Endless Summer, two American surfers came to the Ngor village area of Senegal. The young characters found surfable waves and a culture curious about foreigners and the sport of surfing.
In the 1967 Arab-Israeli War, Syria lost the Golan Heights region to Israel.
In the 1970's, Algeria decided to nationalize its oil.
In the 1970's, Algeria had a thriving tourism industry.
In the 1970's, Algeria's lands were collectivized.
In the 1970's, Algeria's nationalism was in its golden age.
In the 1970's, Houari Boumediene attempted to suppress the Berber culture.
In the 1970s TV sci-fi series Space: 1999, there was an alien named Maya who was a metamorph. She could transform into different animals.
In the 1970s and 1980s, political repression was harsh in Algeria.
In the 1970s, Algeria accepted socialism as its ideology.
In the 1970s, Algeria had collective farms.
In the 1970s, Algeria was a refuge for rebels.
In the 1970s, Algeria was considered a beacon of prosperity.
In the 1970s, Algeria's population was essentially rural.
In the 1970s, Algerians were bombarded with propaganda on state radio and TV.
In the 1970s, foreign tourists used to flock to Algeria.
In the 1970s, my family often vacationed in the more rural Ibaan, Batangas, Philippines, away from Metro Manila. There, I, my brother, and my cousins would anticipate listening to radio broadcasts of fantasy stories in Tagalog, during the hot days. My cousins lived in that town.
In the 1970s, the Algerian government attempted to criminalize Berber.
In the 1970s, the Algerian government encouraged heavy industries.
In the 1970s, the Algerian government tried to enforce land reforms.
In the 1970s, the FLN party tried to strip Berber speakers from their identity, culture, and language.
In the 1980's women put blush under their cheekbones, but the trend now is to apply it on the cheekbone.
In the 1980's, almost everyone in Algeria was working for the government.
In the 1980's, at my university library, I sometimes haunted the section on sexology during ancient times, as Greco-Roman.
In the 1980s an opera production of "Hansel and Gretel" caused a furor because the part of the Witch was played by a man; nobody seemed to care that the part of Hansel, a trouser role, was played by a woman.
In the 1980s when my family visited California, I noticed that the servings in food courts were larger than in BC's. Ladies in roller skates served impressively gigantic glasses of lemonade. The population is bigger in that state than in my province, so it has an economic effect.
In the 1980s, Algeria had a closed domestic market.
In the 1980s, Algeria was moving away from the Kremlin.
In the 1980s, Algeria's industry was very inefficient.
In the 1980s, China was oil-self-sufficient.
In the 1980s, I visited the Flintstones' Bedrock City in Chilliwack, BC. "Chilliwack" comes from the Amerindian Halq'eméylem word "Ts'elxwéyeqw" meaning "as going as far as you can go upriver."
In the 1980s, Matoub's political songs became impossible to ignore.
In the 1980s, U.S. tax laws under President Ronald Reagan made it easier for people with money to keep it and shifted collective public burdens, like higher education and infrastructure, to individuals through fees and tolls.
In the 1980s, Wok with Yan was a popular Chinese cooking show in BC. That time was before the large influx of Cantonese to BC from the Hong Kong Diaspora.
In the 1980s, as a teenager, I collected Soviet magazines, all in Cyrillic, from the USSR exhibit at the Pacific National Exhibition in Vancouver, BC. Years later, unfortunately, my dear collection got waterlogged.
In the 1980s, evil clowns began appearing in movies like Poltergeist and Killer Klowns from Outer Space.
In the 1980s, my family sometimes visited my uncle and aunt's home on top of a mountain in Oregon. Their neighbourhood was full of fragrant bark mulch. I watched MTV, a music video channel that we did not have in BC, on their television. Music videos were like haiku for my generation. The Grotto, a Roman Catholic shrine, was a nice visit on top of a mountain. There were gardens and statues.
In the 1980s, oil prices collapsed. So did the Algerian economy.
In the 1980s, rickshaws were common in Algiers.
In the 1980s, scarcity became a norm in Algeria.
In the 1980s, technological development was associated with Japan.
In the 1980s, the Algerian economy started to sink.
In the 1980s, there was a baby boom in Algeria.
In the 1980s, there was a huge explosion in Algeria's birth rate.
In the 1980s, traveling to Europe was a common pastime among the Algerian common class.
In the 1990's, Algeria's economy was in ruins.
In the 1990's, Islamist terrorist groups wreaked havoc in Algeria.
In the 1990's, a bloody civil war took place in Algeria.
In the 1990's, terrorist groups were causing tens of thousands of deaths across Algeria.
In the 1990's, there was a software development tool called Actor.
In the 1990's, there was a software development tool called Glockenspiel.
In the 1990's, things went from bad to worse in Algeria.
In the 1990s, Algeria asked the International Monetary Fund for help.
In the 1990s, Algeria became a living hell.
In the 1990s, Algeria began to specialize in anti-insurgency warfare to fight terrorism.
In the 1990s, Algeria borrowed heavily externally.
In the 1990s, Algeria faced a serious challenge to its stability.
In the 1990s, Algeria had a crumbling economic structure.
In the 1990s, Algeria had a high unemployment rate.
In the 1990s, Algeria had a huge debt.
In the 1990s, Algeria had countless security checkpoints.
In the 1990s, Algeria had crippling infrastructure that made the cost of transportation very high.
In the 1990s, Algeria had disastrous infrastructure.
In the 1990s, Algeria had poor infrastructure.
In the 1990s, Algeria plunged into civil war.
In the 1990s, Algeria reached out for the International Monetary Fund.
In the 1990s, Algeria received massive amounts of loans.
In the 1990s, Algeria relied on debt to keep its head above water.
In the 1990s, Algeria started to open up its economy.
In the 1990s, Algeria was a very violent place.
In the 1990s, Algeria was driven into a bloody civil war.
In the 1990s, Algeria was driven into a civil war.
In the 1990s, Algeria was heavily in debt.
In the 1990s, Algeria was in a crisis.
In the 1990s, Algeria was in an absolute chaos.
In the 1990s, Algeria was mired in violence.
In the 1990s, Algeria was on the brink of collapse.
In the 1990s, Algeria was very unsafe.
In the 1990s, Algeria was viewed quite poorly on the world stage.
In the 1990s, Algeria wasn't safe at all.
In the 1990s, Algeria went through ten years of economic ruin.
In the 1990s, Algeria's economy almost totally collapsed.
In the 1990s, Algeria's industry practically collapsed.
In the 1990s, Algeria's infrastructure was in total disrepair.
In the 1990s, Algeria's infrastructure was largely inadequate.
In the 1990s, Algerians lived in a constant state of fear.
In the 1990s, Algiers had chaotic roads.
In the 1990s, Algiers was a very volatile place.
In the 1990s, Algiers was so unstable.
In the 1990s, Austria abandoned the narrative that it was a victim in World War II.
In the 1990s, I saw a strange, erotic movie called The Pillow Book, which showed a lot of calligraphy and body painting.
In the 1990s, Iraqis were denied any access to the sky by the US.
In the 1990s, Kabul was reduced to rubble.
In the 1990s, a large part of Algerians lived in poverty.
In the 1990s, basketball was becoming increasingly popular in Algeria.
In the 1990s, cellphones were a thing, but still a rarity.
In the 1990s, lots of Algerians lost their jobs.
In the 1990s, many Algerian intellectuals were killed by radical Islamists.
In the 1990s, many Algerians lived in slums.
In the 1990s, many secular intellectuals were killed by radical Islamists in Algeria.
In the 1990s, terrorist groups made Algeria a killing field.
In the 1990s, the Algerian GIA terrorist group became a formidable force.
In the 1990s, the Algerian dinar was rapidly losing value.
In the 1990s, the GDP of Cuba dropped by 95%.
In the 1990s, the Islamist terrorist groups were causing thousands of deaths across Algeria.
In the 1990s, the civil war in Algeria triggered a severe rural exodus.
In the 1990s, the size of Algeria's debt grew.
In the 1990s, there was plenty of violence in Algeria.
In the 1990s, there were so many Islamist armed groups in Algeria.
In the 1990s, tourism and manufacturing surpassed the sugar industry in economic importance.
In the 1990s, unplanned urbanization exacerbated the housing crisis in Algeria by creating slums and informal settlements.
In the 1990s, various Islamist groups fought against the Algerian government to establish a radical Islamic state.
In the 1990s, well into the computer era, personal computers were still unappealing beige boxes with clunky keys and a tangle of cables.
In the 1999 presidential election, Bouteflika won by a landslide.
In the 1999 presidential election, everything pointed to Bouteflika's victory.
In the 19th and 20th centuries, Afghanistan experienced British and Soviet interventions, culminating in the Soviet invasion in 1979, which led to a decade-long conflict.
In the 19th century a navigator wanting to know the ship's longitude needed to know the time, which was kept on board the ship by a chronometer.
In the 19th century, Eastern Armenia was incorporated into the Russian Empire, while Western Armenia remained under Ottoman control.
In the 19th century, a great literary revitalization in both the Catalan and the Galician languages' literature occurred. In Catalonia, the movement was called "la Renaixença" ('the Rebirth') and was headed by poet Jacint Verdaguer, dramatist Àngel Guimerà, and novelist Narcís Oller. In Galicia, it was "o Rexurdimento" ('the Resurgence'), majorly represented by poets: Rosalía de Castro, Manuel Curros Enríquez, and Eduardo Pondal.
In the 19th century, philosophers were strongly influenced by the book.
In the 19th century, real power in Japan lay with the shoguns.
In the 19th century, the British forced the Chinese to do drugs.
In the 19th century, the British humiliated China.
In the 19th century, the British were the drug dealers of the world.
In the 19th century, the number of immigrants grew rapidly.
In the 19th century, the number of immigrants increased rapidly.
In the 19th century, the number of immigrants swelled rapidly.
In the 19th century, there was a hospital in New York City devoted exclusively to fistula treatment. It closed 100 years ago when cases of fistula petered out.
In the 19th century, tuberculosis was called "consumption."
In the 2000s, Algeria made massive gains on almost every indicator.
In the 2011–2012 growing season, the Mauritanian government began some new strategies to increase the yield and amount of crops grown. By training young farmers about agriculture, investing money into more irrigation, and introducing genetically modified crops that can survive in Mauritanian conditions, leaders of the country are hopeful that better times are to come for farming.
In the 2014 FIFA World Cup Final, Germany beat Argentina one to zero in extra time.
In the 2015 Wimbledon semifinal, Roger Federer had a great serving day against Andy Murray, getting 75% of first serves in and winning 84% of points on them, not losing a single first-serve point in the second set.
In the 2017 Indian Wells tournament, Nadal is projected to play Federer in the fourth round. This is the first time since 2004 they can meet before the QFs.
In the 2020 presidential election, climate change was among the top three issues to young voters.
In the 20th century alone, more than 300 million people died from smallpox until it was eradicated in 1975 in an effort led by the World Health Organization.
In the 21st century virtually every American considers themselves a dissident, even those who defend tradition and powerful institutions.
In the 21st century, it will be hard to survive if you don't know how to use a computer or if you don't know any foreign languages.
In the 21st century, things haven't changed: our children are forced to learn English from the age of seven (many of them can't even read in their own language), in a stupid attempt by the government to facilitate the interests of capitalism.
In the 22nd century, many technological innovations will be introduced.
In the 27th century, weather control made it rain three hours, once a week, every Thursday.
In the 31 years since the launch of this global effort, the number of polio cases has dropped by 99.9%. Instead of hundreds of thousands of children being paralyzed each year, the number stood at 65 as of August 20.
In the 50 years since they became the first to climb Mount Everest, about 1,200 people have followed them to world's highest point. One third of those climbers have been Sherpas, ethnic Nepalis who have lived in the shadow of Mount Everest for centuries.
In the 64-square checkers game, each player has 12 equal pieces, initially placed on the dark squares of rows 1, 2, and 3, for white, and 6, 7, and 8, for black.
In the 6th century, the Anglo-Saxons adopted Roman characters.
In the 80's, things were really quite different.
In the 8th century AD, Berbers converted to Islam en masse.
In the 8th century AD, Islam quickly spread throughout North Africa.
In the 90s, Ireland, Hungary, Romania, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Switzerland and Georgia abolished the death penalty.
In the 90s, many incidents occurred.
In the Aegean, there will be another round of tension.
In the Algerian liberation war, France was the losing party.
In the Algerian region of Kabylie, olive oil used to play a key social economic role.
In the Algerian regions of Jijel and Skikda, there's a lot of unspoiled nature.
In the Algerian town of El Menea, watermelons are grown on sandy land.
In the Amazon, it rains over two hundred days per year.
In the Amazon, one animal's misfortune is another's opportunity.
In the American continent, the consumption of fast-food has tripled between 1977 and 1995.
In the Animistic concept of panpsychism, everything and everybody have some aspect of "mind," at some level, even though sometimes scarcely.
In the April air there hang an ineffable perfume which whispered the secret name of spring.
In the Arabic language, Antares is called the "Scorpion's Heart."
In the Arabic way, you could call Hebron Al-Khalil.
In the Arctic there are no penguins.
In the Athens suburb of Agia Parasksevi earlier this week, more than 400 young Greeks defied social-distancing rules by buying take-away drinks from local pubs and turning the district's main square into a massive, open-air block party.
In the Aughts, most Americans opposed same-sex marriage.
In the Aures Mountains, some roads become unusable in the winter.
In the Autumn, the leaves fall from the trees.
In the Aymara culture, respecting one's parents is fundamental.
In the Azawad region of northern Mali, you can find light-skinned Tuaregs.
In the Babors region, the forests are very dense.
In the Babylon 5 space station, Delenn is a Minbari ambassador.
In the Babylon 5 space station, G'Kar is a Narn ambassador.
In the Balearic Islands, Spanish is indeed an official language.
In the Basque language there is the case of the ergative nominative.
In the Berber language, "aman" means "water."
In the Bermuda Triangle there is a parallel universe.
In the Bible, God is likened, at the same time, to both a fire and a light.
In the Bible, it says that we are the image of God.
In the Big Apple, the latest trend is rooftop farming.
In the Blida Atlas, there are woods everywhere.
In the Bouchaoui Forest, in Algiers, people can ride horses.
In the Bouteflika era, large sums of public money got lost.
In the Bouteflika era, money started to flow out of Algeria.
In the Bouteflika years, Algeria experienced a great economic boom.
In the C and C++ programming languages, the unary operators take only one argument.
In the C language, there are two ways to pass parameters to a function: by value and by reference.
In the Caribbean, Hurricanes Irma and Maria caused catastrophic damage to infrastructure, including the complete failure of Puerto Rico’s power grid.
In the Caribbean, many dishes have bananas or cassava.
In the Carteret Islands, near Papua New Guinea, some people have already had to leave their homes because the seawater is washing around their houses.
In the Chelyabinsk region there are two Tatar villages with French names - Paris and Fère-Champenoise.
In the Chinese calendar, each year is based on an animal.
In the Chinese football game in which the players used their feet and bodies - but never their hands - the goal was a hole in a net made from silk.
In the Christian faith, followers believe that there is only one God, and Jesus Christ is the Son of God.
In the Cold War era, Soviet naval and air bases existed in Cuba and Vietnam.
In the Cold War, there were two Germanies.
In the Danube Delta, more than 5,500 species of plants are rediscovered.
In the Deep Space 9 space station, Odo is a Changeling security chief.
In the Democratic Republic of Congo, a cycling club faces an uphill struggle: getting the financial support to compete, including in pan-African races.
In the Diet, often a politician or two leave without permission when a question becomes too personal.
In the Djurdjura Mountains of northeastern Algeria, the views are spectacular.
In the Djurdjura Mountains, the view is marvelous.
In the Djurdjura Mountains, winters are harsh.
In the Dragon Quest series of games, you can often get something sexually suggestive called a "puff puff," which always ends up ending in a surprise gag.
In the Dutch city of Maastricht there are said to be 53 churches; some of them are now used as shops, cafés or museums.
In the Dutch city of Maastricht there must be 53 churches; at times, some of them are used as stores, bars or museums.
In the Dutch town of Maastricht there ought to be 53 churches, but some of them are already used as shops, cafés or museums.
In the Edo period, moon-viewing parties were very popular.
In the English language many words contain letters which are not pronounced.
In the English text, there are more explicit elements.
In the English world of the 19th century, it was often said that masturbation would lead to a loss of memory and attention.
In the Esperanto world, even some people who have only been learning for a week have a pretty high language level.
In the First World War, a large proportion of England's young men enlisted.
In the First World War, a large proportion of England’s young men enlisted.
In the French capital, the Paris Philharmonie has joined European counterparts in rebroadcasting some of its greatest concerts.
In the German Alps it is believed that the cattle have the gift of language on Christmas Eve. But it is a sin to attempt to play the eavesdropper upon them.
In the German Wikipedia there are people who are such sticklers for rules, that other contributors, often far more knowledgeable, take to their heels en masse.
In the German language there are many long words.
In the German village of Brunsmark, Brexit is forcing Scotsman Iain Macnab to cut short his third term as mayor.
In the Greek football game, the players on one team tried to carry a ball across a line in the other team's territory.
In the Greek football game, the players on one team tried to carry a ball across a line in the other team’s territory.
In the Hall of African Mammals and the Rainforest, Jennifer explains the preciousness of the environment. One young camper understands her message immediately.
In the Hanshin earthquake, the ground shook for a long time.
In the Himalayas, climate change melted glaciers by a vertical foot and half of ice each year from 2000 to 2016.
In the Hindu religion, an "avatar" is an incarnation, in tangible human or animal form, of an ethereal deity.
In the Hungarian language a word, title or piece of text is set apart using italics instead of quotation marks.
In the Internet age, people who write letters are regarded as being odd.
In the Internet age, the once noble title of publisher has been demoted to the insipid "content provider".
In the Iron shop, Alex Fisher grinds down an iron door handle while Jeremiah Price and others use heat to soften the metal in theirs and hammer them into shape.
In the Japanese Steampunk anime Violet Evergarden, characters use a language that has its own strange alphabet, for which there is a typewriter.
In the Japanese anime Kemono no Souja Erin, there is use of a strange language with a strange script. Erin takes care of gigantic beasts.
In the Japanese anime series Vampire Knight, there is a celebration called Saint Xocolatl's Day.
In the Japanese-American software company in Tokyo, there was a Korean named Yujin. There was also a Mandarin-speaking Chinese. I was not the only Filipino employed there.
In the Kabyle dress, we find more than one color. There are black, blue, green, purple, navy, pink, red, silver, turquoise, purple, white, yellow, orange, and gray. It is multicolored.
In the Kabyle villages, it was traditional to lend a room or a small house free of charge to the needy, especially widows and their children, to facilitate their survival.
In the Land of Israel, Shemini Atzeret and Simchat Torah are celebrated on the same day.
In the Land of Toys, every day, except Sunday, is a Saturday. Vacation begins on the first of January and ends on the last day of December.
In the Late Roman Empire, a new grouping of provinces called a diocese was introduced.
In the Latin language, adverbs precede verbs.
In the Lithuanian township of Veisiejai, he was present at the death of a little girl. A raging fever consumed her. The unhappy mother almost went crazy with sorrow. For months afterwards he would hear her continual tears and wailing. He decided to leave general practice and to specialize as an oculist.
In the London underground there is a warning to "mind the gap" when boarding the train.
In the Marathon race, the one who runs the most is the winner. In the Toki Pona test, only he who has value passes.
In the McCarthy era, "Jewish" was widely considered synonymous with "socialist," and "Christian" with "capitalist."
In the Mediterranean forests, we have many kinds of trees: oak, pine, willow, ash, elm, and others.
In the Mediterranean peninsula, the cost of soft drinks and tobacco is on average 9% higher than in other EU countries.
In the Mexican state of Michoacan this year, the suspicious death of a prominent communal leader at the Monarch butterfly’s World Heritage reserve rocked the conservation world.
In the Mexican state of Michoacán potters make white clay containers painted with line drawings of fish and other animals.
In the Middle Ages Latin temporarily assured linguistic equal opportunity in the fields of religion, culture and science.
In the Middle Ages, Aalen was a free imperial city.
In the Middle Ages, Jews were blamed for the Black Death.
In the Middle Ages, anyone who objected to the Holy Scriptures was put to death.
In the Middle Ages, milk was still popular as a medicine.
In the Middle Ages, the Algerian city of Bejaia was a cultural center.
In the Middle Ages, water from the sacred spring was considered a panacea.
In the Midwestern U.S. state of Michigan, the city of Grand Rapids has begun operating a plant that uses a new method for disinfecting wastewater and turning it into drinking water.
In the Midwestern U.S., you are expected to say "good morning," but this is not the case in the Eastern U.S.
In the Ming Dynasty (early 15th century) the centre of Beijing was the Forbidden City.
In the Muslim world, Arabic is used as a religious language.
In the NBA, if a player commits six fouls, they foul out and can't play for the rest of the game.
In the Near East, my linguistic interests comprise Arabic, Hebrew, Turkish, and Farsi. I remember a curious cookbook in the then underdeveloped ground floor of my house in the 1970s. It had drawings of ancient ziggurats, jars, food, and other artefacts, which captured my interest in the Near East. As a teenager, I casually tried to learn Arabic, from borrowed books from Lulu Island's central library. By the age of 25, almost 26, I enjoyed an adventurous December in beautiful Egypt. Seeing the Great Pyramids was a goal, which I achieved early in life.
In the Netherlands Institute of Ecology greenhouse, plants and plant-feeding insects are put together to assess their ability to store ‘voicemail messages’ in the soil.
In the Netherlands they often put peanut sauce on their fries.
In the Netherlands, I sometimes miss the variety of landscapes you see in other countries.
In the Netherlands, Islamophobia is very real.
In the Netherlands, if a child is too insistent on asking for a cookie, he might be punished and get no cookie.
In the Netherlands, it is the custom that, when during the construction of a house the highest point has been reached and the roof is ready for tiling, the client treats the construction workers to so-called "tile beer" to celebrate this. A flag is then placed on the ridge of the house. If the client is too stingy to treat, not a flag, but a broom is placed.
In the Netherlands, over 2.5 million people live below the poverty line.
In the Netherlands, that percentage is 57 percent.
In the New City neighborhood of Tribeca, Robert Laing has opened up a privately-run indoor farm called Farm.One, where he grows many kinds of herbs.
In the Nigerian city of Maiduguri, the popular incense kaaji is a cherished, local tradition.
In the Nineteen-Fifties, Doctor Craven examined medical records of about eight-thousand people. He found no heart attacks or strokes among those who regularly took aspirin. Doctor Craven invited other scientists to test his ideas with modern methods. But, it was many years before large studies were carried out.
In the North Pole, the climate is extremely cold and dry.
In the Northern Hemisphere, Arctic air temperatures are warming twice as fast as lower latitudes.
In the Northern Hemisphere, fall starts in September and ends in December.
In the Northern Hemisphere, spring starts in March and ends in June.
In the Northern Hemisphere, winter starts in December and ends in March.
In the Northern Hemisphere, winter starts in June and ends in September.
In the OECD survey, northern European countries are keeping their high ranking in tax-rates.
In the Odyssey, the date-plum is the fruit of oblivion.
In the PRC, Christmas is a commercialized event in big cities.
In the PRC, Esperanto is not just a hobby for the rich.
In the Palatinate the pastor goes to church with a pipe.
In the Paris Commune, for two months the proletariat possessed political power; this was the first time in human history.
In the Philippines, I attended the elementary school in La Salle Green Hills, which had a big private campus. I often liked lunchtime by myself. After eating my packed lunch, I would play in the playground by myself. I would imagine that the ground was molten lava, and I would avoid it with the steppingstones and playground apparatus.
In the Philippines, almost no one speaks Spanish anymore.
In the Philippines, as children, my brother and I kept jars of captured tropical spiders in our library room. The spiders had thick exoskeletons that made them look like crabs.
In the Philippines, as children, my brother, I, and my cousins made cardboard models of warplanes, like the Zero and the Messerschmitt. We strung them to the ceiling of the library room.
In the Philippines, intellectuals exhibit eccentricity, as elsewhere in this world. And as elsewhere in this world, normal people try to suppress them, including accusing them of deviant sexuality. In the Philippines, eccentrics often learn the gay dialect as a way to signal to others that they are different and to appear more unthreatening. Each country has a different, yet similar way, in treating eccentric intellectuals.
In the Philippines, my best friends were my cousins. Whilst in the outskirts of Quezon City, we imagined the red savannah as planet Mars, and we trekked through it. In rural Ibaan, we would be amongst piggeries and woven mats full of drying "kamias" under the heat of the tropical sun.
In the Philippines, my brother and I played in our backyard, as we constructed a circus with sticks for caterpillars. We called it "Beauty Park."
In the Philippines, my family cared for a white parrot named Vilma. My cousin left for California, and we adopted his bird. Supposedly, Vilma died of a heart attack from New Year's celebratory fireworks.
In the Philippines, teachers taught us students astronomy in elementary school. When I immigrated to North America in Grade 5, from that grade on, teachers did not teach astronomy.
In the Philippines, teachers teach us school children the doctrine of being "kayumanggí" in that all we Filipinos are "brown," despite actual different skin tones amongst us.
In the Philippines, we had a big dog named Christie, who was mostly black with a white chest. We had also many unnamed stray cats, who anonymously just came in and out of our yard. Our location was a red savannah.
In the Picasso Museum in Paris, there are marvelous paintings and drawings!
In the Pleistocene the Sunda Platform, which today underlies the Java Sea, was dry land.
In the Quran there is a part about Saint Mary and the birth of Jesus Christ.
In the Redwall universe, stoats are one of the villain species.
In the Rig Veda, Agni is the god of fire.
In the Roman calendar, today was the eve of the ides of May.
In the Roman calendar, today was the fourth day before the Ides of May.
In the Rue de Seine he met Planchet, who had stopped before the house of a pastry cook, and was contemplating with ecstasy a cake of the most appetizing appearance.
In the Russian language, conjugation is very complex.
In the Russian-speaking section of this site, the audience is simply disgusting.
In the Sahara Desert, camels are so precious.
In the Sahara Desert, the camel continues to be king.
In the Sahara, bartering is commonplace.
In the Sahel region, Lake Chad continues to shrink.
In the Sahel region, lack of water is driving people from their homes.
In the Sailendra dynasty, which arose in the eighth century in central Java, Mahayana Buddhism blossomed, and Buddhist temples like Borobudur were built.
In the Seventeen-Hundreds, people used willow bark to reduce a sick person's high body temperature. In Eighteen-Sixty, researchers at the Bayer Company in Germany copied the salicylic acid found in willow bark. They created acetyl salicylic acid. They called it aspirin, for the spirea plant which also contains the natural chemical. Aspirin first was made into its present pill form about one-hundred years ago.
In the Sierra Nevada, firefighters achieved 41 percent containment of a forest fire that has shut down Yosemite Valley and other adjacent portions of Yosemite National Park at what is normally the height of summer tourism.
In the Southern Hemisphere, fall begins in March and ends in June.
In the Southern Hemisphere, spring starts in September and ends in December.
In the Southern Hemisphere, summer starts in December and ends in March.
In the Southern Hemisphere, winter starts in June and ends in September.
In the Southern region, sales were up 47 percent.
In the Soviet Union, there were maybe only official or political ideas.
In the Spanish calendar, the week begins with Monday.
In the Tifinagh alphabet, there are no capital letters.
In the Toki Pona community, Brazil was considered an "easy" country.
In the Toki Pona community, Brazil was considered to be an "easy" land.
In the Tokyo stock market, stocks of about 450 companies are traded over the counter.
In the Torah, Lot offers his virgin daughters to be gang raped.
In the Turkish language, there are many Persian words.
In the U.S, medical professionals are warning would-be revelers that, as omicron surges, now is not the time to be in big crowds.
In the U.S. I was often taken to be Chinese.
In the U.S. after 2016, it was hard to know whether they had a state-run media or a media-run state.
In the U.S. and Canada, we call petrol "gas."
In the U.S. it is disrespectful to slurp while eating noodles, but in Japan it is considered polite and even flattering.
In the U.S. more than 3 million shelter animals are adopted every year.
In the U.S. there is an epidemic of police officers summarily executing young Black men.
In the U.S. they pay with dollars.
In the U.S., Veterans Day was originally called “Armistice Day,” to commemorate the end of World War I, but Congress passed a resolution in 1926 for an annual observance.
In the U.S., a Christian fascist minority rules over a liberal majority.
In the U.S., as many as 216 million firearms are said to be in private hands.
In the U.S., businesses say they also encounter regulatory obstacles, which some put down to bureaucratic inertia, others to lack of imaginative thinking.
In the U.S., freedom of religion is one of the guarantees of the Bill of Rights.
In the U.S., in a record-breaking pace, Massachusetts-based biotechnology company Moderna shipped its vaccine last month to the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases to begin human testing.
In the U.S., it is common for people to write a check instead of paying cash.
In the U.S., it is common to give a present, such as glasses or a coffee-maker, to the bride at weddings.
In the U.S., it is illegal to torture people in order to get information from them.
In the U.S., most people can vote when they reach eighteen years of age.
In the U.S., part of the application process to universities usually includes an essay on "Why I want to go to university."
In the U.S., the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) allocates portions of the electromagnetic spectrum used for communications to various users.
In the U.S., the typical mustard is very yellow.
In the U.S., there are more prisoners than there is jail space for them. So the prisons are overcrowded.
In the U.S., they often mistake me for a Chinese person.
In the U.S., we say "bless you" to someone when they sneeze.
In the U.S., you have the option, when you enter a restaurant, to sit in the smoking or non-smoking section.
In the U.S., you usually have to show identification in order to buy alcohol.
In the UK, growing up in London is a huge advantage to you in terms of social mobility.
In the US and the UK, prisons are being turned into lucrative private businesses.
In the US capital, restaurants and bars are actively raising funds to help.
In the US many people believe they are the citizens of the biggest country in the world.
In the US, a gay union is permitted only in some states.
In the US, poverty, deprivation and exploitation draws thousands of its own children down into a dark underworld that offers few ways out.
In the US, the cultural genocide of Native Americans has been buried in history books.
In the US, the environment is hostile to Islam.
In the USA, airplanes have bankrupted the railways; the same will happen with Esperanto and English. People just don't know which one is the railway.
In the USA, opioids cause more deaths than traffic accidents.
In the USA, opioids claim more victims than traffic accidents.
In the USA, the people speak English.
In the USA, there have never been as many drug addicts as there are today.
In the United Kingdom, a census has been taking place every ten years since 1841.
In the United Kingdom, an estimated 112,853 children are reported missing every year.
In the United States alone, experts say more than $5 billion is spent every year to correct myopia with prescription eyeglasses, contact lenses or laser eye surgery.
In the United States everybody is of the opinion that they have no social superiors, since all men are equal, but they do not admit that they have no social inferiors.
In the United States it is popular for girls to learn to skip rope.
In the United States last year, 36 million Americans did not complete their studies.
In the United States of America, a Christian fascist minority rules over a liberal majority.
In the United States of America, a woman on average only has three children.
In the United States the automobile is a necessity and not a luxury.
In the United States the word 'rebate' is widely recognized, generally as an incentive where makers give back directly to consumers.
In the United States there is a census every ten years.
In the United States, "right to work" is doublespeak for union-busting measures.
In the United States, 20 million new jobs have been created during the past two decades, most of them in the service sector.
In the United States, Adlai Stevenson criticized the willingness of John Foster Dulles to threaten atomic war in confronting the Soviet Union; such military brinkmanship, he said, could eventually lead to annihilation of both countries.
In the United States, Christmas cards with family photos are popular.
In the United States, Christmas cards with family photos are popular. But more than ever many of those photos include a four-legged member of the family, the pet dog.
In the United States, Fadil was denied residency twice.
In the United States, a census takes place every ten years.
In the United States, a tablespoon is equivalent to three teaspoons.
In the United States, a tiny minority of religious extremists rule over the majority.
In the United States, a wave means "good bye."
In the United States, a wave means "goodbye."
In the United States, almost 40 percent of the population lives in relatively high-population-density coastal areas, where sea level plays a role in flooding, shoreline erosion, and hazards from storms.
In the United States, an honor society is a rank organization that recognizes excellence among peers.
In the United States, cars drive on the right side of the road.
In the United States, cars drive on the right‐hand side of the road.
In the United States, children are not safe at schools.
In the United States, coal makes 39% of our electricity.
In the United States, counties directly on the shoreline constitute less than 10 percent of the total land area (not including Alaska), but account for 39 percent of the total population. From 1970 to 2010, the population of these counties increased by almost 40%.
In the United States, drivers often don't understand cycle lanes, so cyclists should always be on the lookout for cars coming into the lanes.
In the United States, fluoride is added to the drinking water.
In the United States, it requires more training to become a barber than it does to become a police officer.
In the United States, it takes a minimum of eight years of college to become a medical doctor.
In the United States, most goods still travel by railroad.
In the United States, only two years ago more than ten percent of all fiction books sold were e-books, not paper books, and their share continues to grow.
In the United States, people play a different version of mahjong.
In the United States, school buses are yellow.
In the United States, thallium has been restricted from use in rodenticides and depilatory cosmetics.
In the United States, the National Institute of Mental Health recently announced a new study about giving antipsychotic drugs to people with schizophrenia.
In the United States, the cornucopia is commonly associated with the holiday of Thanksgiving.
In the United States, the major stock market indices at one point were down three percentage points on Monday, as investors rushed to safe havens, including gold and U.S. Treasury bonds.
In the United States, there are five empty homes for every homeless person.
In the United States, there are five empty houses for every homeless person.
In the United States, there has never been a single case of a cisgender person being assaulted in a public restroom by a transgender person.
In the United States, there is a census every ten years.
In the United States, there is fierce controversy over Coke and Pepsi brands of cola.
In the United States, we can hear a chorus of comments from the right wing ridiculing soccer every time there's a World Cup.
In the United States, what is valued most is money, whether it's clean or dirty.
In the United States, when students graduate from high school, many celebrate that achievement by going to prom. It is a dance party where students dress up in formal gowns and tuxedos. But not every student who wants to go can afford to dress for the occasion. Organizations across the United States provide free dresses and suits so students can go to prom. A program called The Cinderella and Prince Charming Project allows teens from some of the roughest neighborhoods in the country to celebrate the milestone.
In the United States, you are a minor if you are under 18 years old.
In the Veneto region, the firefighters report they used a snow cat – a large, tracked vehicle built for traveling through snow — to rescue a family stuck in a remote area.
In the Victorian period, gin was a very popular drink for the working class.
In the Welsh version of this fascinating legend it is the bard Gwyddno, of the twelfth century, who tells of the downfall of the submerged city.
In the West Bank, Ibrahim faced many dangers while herding his herd.
In the West Bank, Ibrahim faces many challenges while herding his herd.
In the West Bank, Ibrahim's herd is his only source of income.
In the West Bank, Israelis are allowed to carry guns.
In the West Bank, an Israeli soldier is a little king.
In the West, at least, being able to describe details is highly valued in all occupations especially in STEM and social sciences, something a symbolic language like emojis can never live up to.
In the West, families are breaking down.
In the West, the name Genghis Khan evokes the image of the Mongols' ruthless conquest of much of the known world in the 13th century.
In the Western U.S., 90 percent of the water supplies are from the high mountains and they drive the economy.
In the XXI century it is necessary to know at least one foreign language.
In the absence of a better idea I had to choose this method.
In the absence of definite evidence, he was acquitted.
In the absence of firm evidence the prisoner was set free.
In the absence of her mother, she looks after her sister.
In the absence of justice, what is sovereignty but organized robbery?
In the absence of my travel partner, I took several solo trips.
In the absence of sufficient data, the survey was given up.
In the absence of sufficient proof, the police could not indict him.
In the absolute serenity of his beatitude he fell asleep, with one hand still lazily clutching his beard, and the other still lingering lovingly near the great tumbler.
In the act of offering up his last prayer ere he made up his mind to float and be eaten, he saw a man look over the quarter of the brig : he raised both his hands ; he jumped himself up in the water, and, by the singularity of his motions fortunately attracted notice.
In the action movie, the protagonist had to confront a bloodthirsty and merciless adversary.
In the aftermath of the accident he lost his sight.
In the aftermath of the twin disasters, the government is struggling to ensure basic necessities for the affected population.
In the afternoon I must arrange for the trip.
In the afternoon my pigeon returned with a serious injury.
In the afternoon of the 11th of February of 2022, I drank black iced tea at the cafe, which was full of standing students. There were Filipinas at two different tables. A stocky redheaded bearded man in grey ordered coffee. A big-bodied Hispanic entered to use the washroom. Later, I was the first customer at a brand-new bubble tea shop nearby, where I ordered taro oat milk iced tea and a blueberry cheese dorayaki.
In the afternoon of the 16th of April of 2023, a bit of sunshine peered through the clouds after heavy rains earlier in the day. My first walk being around my neighbourhood block in the early morning, my second going to the teahouse, my third going to the pizzeria, my fourth walk out of the house led me back to the pizzeria in the afternoon to eat a cheese slice and drink Diet Cola. A new trainee was at the cashier. His name was Jadeed. I said that his name reminded me of the green gemstone "jade." A South Asian muscle man in a red shirt ate several slices in the corner. Then, I walked to the nearby grocery store to buy three bags of little green "pepitas."
In the afternoon of the 17th of February of 2022, on my way to the cafe, I saw Sherie the Part-Cree by the crosswalk, as she was walking her brown pit bull. Her hair is tinted a kind of purple. We both think that purple is our favourite colour. At the cafe, I was drinking passion fruit iced tea. I saw two round-headed Himalayan-reminiscent monks in red robes with orange fleece jackets at a different table. Later, the handsome round-headed stubby man in dark clothing that I have seen several times before entered to get his coffee and speedily exited.
In the afternoon of the 22nd of February of 2022, I ate three slices at the pizzeria on Lulu Island with an iced tea. At the cafe, the tables were full, but Don gave me his table, as he left. I was drinking iced green tea. There is a new barista named Sebastian, who is half-Austrian and half-Mayan, as he has Mexican connections. He was born in Austria and still carries an EU passport.
In the afternoon of the 22nd of January of 2022, on my way back from the cafe, I met Sherie, wearing a red and black checkered long-sleeved shirt, as she was walking her pitbull. I asked her the name of her dog, which is "Sekari," supposedly Inuktitut. Sherie is part-Cree, part-French, part-Norwegian, etc., a "Heinz 57," we both agreed. Sherie has artificial vampiric fangs because she is a Goth.
In the afternoon of the 23rd of February of 2022, at the cafe, I sat at my favourite corner table to drink my iced green tea, which on other times, I alternate with iced passionfruit tea and iced black tea. Hans the Netherlander hobby astronomer sat at a central table. There were young people with strange hairdos, like samurai top knot, or big and curly, or long and red-tinted. Homebound, I had to use the washroom in the pizzeria, where there were Eurasian students.
In the afternoon of the 27th of January of 2022, I was having iced tea and two pizzas inside the pizzeria, next to the window. A sturdy man, maybe a Middle Easterner, with white bristles on his muscular face, started eating his two pizzas at a table outside the window.
In the afternoon of the 28th of December of 2024, my cousin Eve's cousin Rex went with Eve and Mama to tour Lulu Island. Rex is visiting from the states. They went to Garden City Shopping Centre to have bubble tea that he has been desiring. Then, they visited Aberdeen Centre, wherein Rex bought me four packages of varied Japanese goodies: There is a small box of "ZEN Gardening Kit" amongst them. The others are snacks. Rex knows that I am a Nipponophile. I opine that Rex looks more Peruvian than Mexican. At home, they brought me a steamed pork-stuffed bun and lotus leaf-wrapped meat-stuffed sticky rice. Being highly cultured, Rex was preparing fruitcake with wine. Mama, Eve, and Rex huddled themselves at the kitchen table. In the meanwhile, in the evening, I went to Starbucks café to drink a reddish Passion Tango iced tea. The baristas were Chris the Japanese-English hybrid and Jessica the petite Vietnamese. I told Jessica about me eating out at Crab Hot Lau, a Vietnamese restaurant, the other day. She said that she has not tried it herself.
In the afternoon of the 29th of June of 2025, I ate Filipino purplish ube pancakes on the blue-sky sunny verandah. I walked to Tim Hortons café to enjoy an Earl Grey tea with oat milk and a Turkey Bacon Club Artisan Sandwich. There was a handsome Filipino mestizo with his family. There was an Eastern girl in an elegant white dress. There was a First Nations man. On my walk, I saw my ufologist Dane-French friend Michael in a hurry to get home, so that his ice cream in his knapsack wouldn't melt.
In the afternoon of the 5th of February of 2022, I ate pizza at the pizzeria. Then, at the cafe, I saw Hans the Netherlander. I told him that the James Webb Space Telescope had been deployed. He gave me a cold mocha frappuccino, to add to my passion fruit iced tea that I already had. Lyle was there, wearing all black, with cargo pants that hid his robust legs. Don was at a front table, reading from a device.
In the afternoon the weather became wet and foggy.
In the afternoon, I walked in the city.
In the afternoon, Matthew tried fishing in a nearby stream, but unfortunately, he didn't catch any fish. Nevertheless, he enjoyed the serenity of the water and the sounds of nature.
In the afternoon, if we don't go out to a restaurant, we make something different for lunch in order to celebrate this special day.
In the afternoon, we played volleyball on the beach.
In the age of information, we don't have a pre-prepared mental model of reality, so we have to shape it ourselves and constantly reform it.
In the age of social media, one dissatisfied customer's hissy fit can soon create a major public relations crisis for a manufacturer. By promptly addressing the customer's complaint in a personal way and without rancour, the company may actually turn the situation in its favour.
In the age of the Internet, people who write letters are considered odd.
In the age of the Portuguese maritime expeditions, sailors were afflicted with the most diverse illnesses: malignant fevers, diarrhea, and the dreaded and frequent scurvy, resulting from a lack of vitamin C caused by malnutrition.
In the aggregate, they're a nice enough group, but there are some obnoxious individuals among them.
In the air hung a large black spider.
In the almost 100 years The New Yorker magazine has existed, it's published thousands of cartoons. Yet never in its history had a black female cartoonist published for the magazine – that is, until Liz Montague came on board.
In the alphabet, A comes before B.
In the alphabet, B comes after A.
In the amphitheater of Mérida, battles between gladiators and wild beasts were held.
In the amusement park Mary found a boy on his own weeping, and spoke to him gently. "Hey, sonny, what is it? Are you lost? Would you like me to take you to the Lost Children Department?"
In the ancient world, dogs were trained to lick people's wounds as a form of medicine.
In the apiary, there were many beehives.
In the apiary, there were numerous beehives.
In the arithmetic of love, one plus one makes a whole, and two minus one equals zero.
In the armrest is a cup holder.
In the army, profanity is used not just for swearing, but to hold conversations.
In the army, profanity is used not just to swear, but to converse.
In the attic is my grandfather's old first-aid kit from World War II.
In the attic is my grandfather’s old first-aid kit from World War II.
In the attic, insects and mice were my companions.
In the attic, spiders and rats were my companions.
In the attic, there was a round table.
In the audience that night, unknown to the speaker, was Alan Turing.
In the automotive industry of the 1970's, Japan beat the U.S. at its own game.
In the automotive industry of the 1970’s, Japan beat the U.S. at its own game.
In the autumn light, it seems as if the trees were sketched with a black pencil.
In the autumn of 2016, many Americans began developing real concerns about clowns.
In the autumn ships arrived at Iceland from Norway, bringing the report that Björn had run away with Thora, without the consent of her kinsmen, and that the king had for that reason outlawed him from Norway.
In the autumn woodcutters always came and felled a few of the largest trees; that was done this year too, and the little Fir Tree, that was now quite well grown, shuddered with fear, for the great stately trees fell to the ground with a crash, and their branches were cut off.
In the autumn, after Cambridge, the executive body of the "Delegation for selecting an international language" met in Paris.
In the autumn, leaves fall from trees.
In the autumn, swallows will fly south.
In the autumn, the leaves on the trees become yellow.
In the back of my mind, I thought that the assailants would come back to finish the job.
In the background of the picture is a castle.
In the background we saw the island.
In the basket, there are a few apples.
In the basket, there are some apples.
In the bathroom there's a sink, a bidet, a toilet, and a shower. There used to be a bath.
In the bathroom, Johnny Tarantino eats leftover macadamia nut cookies.
In the bathroom, Jonas and John talked about their options.
In the bathroom, there's a sink, a bidet, a toilet, and a shower. There used to be a bathtub.
In the battle of ideas, science defeated conservatism.
In the battle they captured weapons from the enemy.
In the bed of windflowers slept a tiny birch mouse.
In the bed where my girlfriend sleeps, it is not cold.
In the bedroom Tom and Mary only speak French.
In the bedside table were a book of poems and a man's watch.
In the beginning God created Heaven and Earth.
In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.
In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.
In the beginning I did not like him, but now I do.
In the beginning I found it hard to get used to.
In the beginning I wasn't really into you, but as time went on I came to like you more and more.
In the beginning of the twentieth century, the Philippine elite started switching from Spanish to English as the archipelagic elitist language, especially in written form, as a consequence of the Spanish-American War in 1898. Meanwhile, indigenous languages have continued to be the aural-oral mainstay, with Spanish loanwords being quite common. In 1937, administration chose Tagalog as the basis of the national language. As time passed, code-switching between English and indigenous languages became more prevalent. As a result, the Philippines is a linguistic hodgepodge. English is like an effervescent pink drink, and Tagalog is a grey shark in the seas. Spanish still rings nostalgically of bygone majestic good ol' days for many Filipinos. Tagalog is still not as fully "intellectualized" as its cousin Indonesian, which Indonesians use in university-level education and has extensive literature.
In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.
In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. The same was in the beginning with God. All things were made by him, and without him was not any thing made that was made. In him was life, and the life was the light of men. And the light shineth in darkness, and the darkness comprehended it not. There was a man sent from God, whose name was John.
In the beginning was the Word.
In the beginning was the deed.
In the beginning, Catalina had no more than two thousand soldiers.
In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth.
In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth. But the earth was without form.
In the beginning, God created the universe.
In the beginning, I hated gymnastics with radio, but now I don't hate it so much.
In the beginning, Tom created Boston and Australia.
In the beginning, Tom created the heavens and the earth.
In the beginning, in Greek mythology, the story of Europe was a love story.
In the beginning, love is usually simple. But then it can get pretty complicated.
In the beginning, man was almost the same as the other animals.
In the beginning, nobody trusted you.
In the beginning, the technology required people to sit completely still for at least one minute for the process to capture a photograph.
In the beginning, there was darkness.
In the beginning, there was only one language in the Nordic countries, Proto-Norse.
In the beginning, was the Divine Word. All things were made by It.
In the belly, there are intestines, kidneys, liver, etc.
In the best case, it won't help, and in the worst, it will lead to death.
In the best-case scenario, life is just a sea of troubles.
In the big orchard, they grow citrus fruits that are juicy and rich in vitamins.
In the biggest heist ever on U.S. soil, armed mobsters stole $5 million in cash and nearly $1 million in jewels from a Lufthansa Airlines vault at New York's John F. Kennedy airport on December 11, 1978.
In the blink of an eye the girl jumped over the chain-link fence.
In the blink of an eye, the creature was gone, disappearing in the woods.
In the blink of an eye, the ghost was gone.
In the blink of an eye, the tennis-ball-sized dumpling had disappeared.
In the blue sea, among the green islands, fabulous Viking ships sail.
In the blue vault of the heaven there had appeared three little specks which increased in size every moment, so rapidly did they approach. They speedily resolved themselves into three large brown birds, which circled over the heads of the two wanderers, and then settled upon some rocks which overlooked them. They were buzzards, the vultures of the west, whose coming is the forerunner of death.
In the boat, Skura addressed Yanni as captain.
In the book, Hort Town is a rough place where drug use is common.
In the book, Kacou identifies some elements necessary for success—the mindsets, business models and operational techniques.
In the borders between Portugal and Spain and between Brazil and its Hispanic neighbours, many people just learn each other's language, and often they code-switch between Portuguese and Spanish.
In the botanical garden, there are many aromatic and medicinal herbs.
In the brain there are around one hundred billion nerve cells.
In the brain there are around one hundred billion neurons.
In the brevity lies the power.
In the bright afternoon of the 6th of February of 2022, I drank iced black tea at the cafe. At the park, I was excited to see a man playing a guitar, whilst he sat against a tree trunk. I had to use the washroom in the pizzeria, but upon exiting, I saw a robust man in shorts, as he carried a brown paper bag.
In the build of the XX scale we adopted the technique of content analysis.
In the bus, a boy made room for an old woman.
In the bus, there was a draft like a storm.
In the busy city, I liked the sound of rain.
In the caesura of the pillow fight, my girlfriend took the opportunity to hit me with a table leg.
In the cafe, Greg the pastor asks, "What are you reading?" Viktor answers, "It is an Esperanto-French dictionary, an antique from 1936."
In the café next door, a cup of coffee costs half as much.
In the candlestick holder was a lit candle.
In the candlestick was a lit candle.
In the car on the way home, he was making plans for the next day.
In the car, I didn't really feel like talking.
In the car, Ziri explained everything.
In the car, no more than five people should ride.
In the car, we didn't exchange a single word.
In the carriage sat a gentleman, not attractive, but also not unattractive, not too fat nor too thin; one could not call him old, but he also was not too young.
In the case of Mary, an hysterical neurosis was considered.
In the case of Mr A there is no excuse.
In the case of Normandy, for instance, one man looks for magnificent architecture alone, another for country scenes, another for peasant life, and each and all will cavil at a book which does not cater for their particular taste.
In the case of commercial airplanes, private companies compete to sell their product.
In the case of fire, dial 119.
In the case of language, however, it is only the ability to talk and understand that we inherit genetically; the particular language or languages that we speak are passed on to us not by genetic transmission but by cultural transmission.
In the case of not agreeing to the conditions of the usage consent contract, promptly return the unopened media package to ABC for a full refund.
In the case of patient death during the course of medical treatment, even if there is medical error present, it is not automatically legally considered to be an "unusual death."
In the case of stony or hard corals, these polyp conglomerates grow, die, and endlessly repeat the cycle over time, slowly laying the limestone foundation for coral reefs and giving shape to the familiar corals that reside there. Because of this cycle of growth, death, and regeneration among individual polyps, many coral colonies can live for a very long time.
In the case of the big-bang theory, they assume the existence of all the matter and energy of the universe, and all of space and time, wrapped up into an infinitesimally small point. From this "singularity", as it is called, the whole universe sprang forth.
In the castle courtyard he saw the horses sleep.
In the caves one can find stalactites and stalagmites, minerals, and plant and animal life.
In the cemetery, there is a statue of a snake biting its own tail.
In the center of our galaxy is the closest supermassive black hole known to us.
In the center of the house, lying all over his mother's body waiting to be buried.
In the center of the park stands a stone monument.
In the center of the pond, there was a lone lily pad.
In the center of the square, there lies a well.
In the center of the university campus stands the statue of the founder.
In the center of the village there is a flag.
In the central portion of the great North American Continent there lies an arid and repulsive desert, which for many a long year served as a barrier against the advance of civilization. From the Sierra Nevada to Nebraska, and from the Yellowstone River in the north to the Colorado upon the south, is a region of desolation and silence.
In the centre of the rich red carpet was a black and gold Louis Quinze table, a lovely antique, now sacrilegiously desecrated with marks of glasses and the scars of cigar-stumps.
In the centre of the rich red carpet was a black and gold Louis Quinze table.
In the centre of the room is a solid wood dining table covered with a white tablecloth.
In the centre of the room, clamped to an upright easel, stood the full-length portrait of a young man of extraordinary personal beauty, and in front of it, some little distance away, was sitting the artist himself, Basil Hallward, whose sudden disappearance some years ago caused, at the time, such public excitement, and gave rise to so many strange conjectures.
In the chamber, Gunter found many clones.
In the championship game, I won first place and received the trophy.
In the chandeliered halls of the train station, old beggars sat in the corners, on the grey stone.
In the chaos that ensued, Ziri managed to free himself and escape.
In the chapel, electric lamps shed a glow over the stained-glass windows, which shone like fiery kaleidoscopes.
In the chariot of Achilles he mounted, and Automedon, best and bravest of charioteers, took the reins.
In the checkout line at a supermarket in downtown Nairobi, a conveyor belt moves bags of potato chips, snack foods, processed meats and cheeses, tubs of margarine and bottles of cooking oil.
In the chess game better known as the "Immortal", White's Anderssen allowed his opponent, Kieseritzky, to take a bishop, the two rooks, and finally the queen, but this allowed Anderssen to give him check-mate at e7 with his two knights and the black-squared bishop.
In the cities nothing is more surprising to a foreigner than to go from the dust and turmoil of a busy street directly into a rustic yard and the felicity of quiet country life. On one of the busy streets of Tokio I had often passed a low shop, the barred front of which was never opened to traffic, nor was there ever any one present with whom to deal. I used often to peer between the bars; and from the form of the wooden boxes on the step-like shelves within, I knew that the occupant was a dealer in old pottery.
In the cities the quarters for the wealthier classes are not so sharply defined as with us, though the love for pleasant outlooks and beautiful scenery tends to enhance the value of certain districts, and consequently to bring together the wealthier classes. In nearly all the cities, however, you will find the houses of the wealthy in the immediate vicinity of the habitations of the poorest. In Tokio one may find streets, or narrow alleys, lined with a continuous row of the cheapest shelters; and here dwell the poorest people. Though squalid and dirty as such places appear to the Japanese, they are immaculate in comparison with the unutterable filth and misery of similar quarters in nearly all the great cities of Christendom. Certainly a rich man in Japan would not, as a general thing, buy up the land about his house to keep the poorer classes at a distance, for the reason that their presence would not be objectionable, since poverty in Japan is not associated with the impossible manners of a similar class at home.
In the city of San Francisco the median home price is $529,000. Those prices make purchasing a home unaffordable to about 75 percent of the city's population.
In the city, large quantities of garbage are being produced every day.
In the city, the information is flooding.
In the city, there are a multitude of attractions.
In the class, it was very noisy.
In the classroom eating and drinking is not allowed.
In the classroom eating and drinking is prohibited.
In the classroom, he felt like a ghost.
In the classroom, there's a whiteboard.
In the clearing, Dmitri felt a sense of silence.
In the clearing, there were five trees, lined up side by side.
In the cloudy, yet sunny, afternoon was my third walk of the day, here on Lulu Island. I was at Yummy Slice pizzeria to drink a grey-can Diet Coke. I exercised with my hand grip strengthener at my table. Sachet the Gujarati and Navjot the Punjabi were the vendors. There were throngs of parents with their Eurasian kids, eating or ordering pizza. I visited Kin's Farm Market. The radio was playing Xmas songs. Leo, the Cantonese vendor who speaks also Mandarin, exclaimed, "Viktor, bā bái!" The fragrance of baked Japanese sweet potato, "yaki-imo" in Japanese, "rostita batato" in Esperanto, was tempting. There was a metallic rectangular oven with heated stones inside. The colourful fruits enthralled me. The durian was still so dear! Today is the 9th of December of 2024.
In the cold and the darkness, a poor little girl, with bare head and naked feet, roamed through the streets.
In the cold light of day, Tom could see that he should have handled things differently.
In the cold light of day, Tom could see that he should've handled things differently.
In the cold season when you want to drink something hot I recommend this sort of thermos flask.
In the collision with a Volvo, our car naturally got the worst of it.
In the colourful clouds of Jupiter were lightnings.
In the coming days, we'll know more.
In the coming years the textile industry will adapt to the advent of free trade.
In the coming years, that vineyard will produce many grapes.
In the commotion, I completely forgot about Tom.
In the company of good friends, the time flew by.
In the comparative study he was doing, the student placed the languages into groups according to the affinities he perceived between them. For example: Portuguese, Galician, Occitan, Spanish, Italian, French; English, German, Dutch; Russian, Slovenian, Polish, etc.
In the contest he fully displayed what ability he had.
In the corner of his eye, Yanni spotted Skura.
In the corner of the room is a standard lamp.
In the corner sat a pile of old ironwork.
In the corner, Donald took his seat and started to listen.
In the corner, stooping over a desk, there sat what appeared to be a little girl.
In the cottage lay the secret which was casting a shadow over my life.
In the country of Scotland the word for scar is sometimes spelt as scaur.
In the country of the Tuaregs, people drink camel milk.
In the country of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
In the country, the colors of the sky and of the foliage are entirely different from those seen in the city.
In the countryside, everybody used to breed chicken and rabbits.
In the countryside, the breaths of the grass, the trees, and the rocks have the foul smell of humans. They call to me from all directions, and they cling to me. But in the city, even the passengers of a jam-packed train are as quiet as pebbles on the riverbed, and everyone is only thinking of themselves.
In the couple therapy, there were Tom and Mary, Sami and Layla, Yanni and Skura, Nathan and Esther, Onni and Lemmikki, Balázs and Réka, Romeo and Juliet, and last but not least Robin Hood and Little Red Riding Hood, Sleeping Beauty and the Beast.
In the course of a few months, his grey hair had turned completely white.
In the course of a few weeks.
In the course of a month or so they all said that after all their own home in the deep was best, it was so cozy there.
In the course of a year my son grew stronger.
In the course of history, many humans have believed that those who did not share their skin color, language, or religion belonged to different "races". The question of which of these factors are relevant in determining the "blood" of an individual is arbitrary and can vary widely depending on the ideology. According to some, "whites" have the same "blood", regardless of language. According to others, those who share the same skin color can have different "bloods" if they speak different languages or belong to different religions. Humans have always tried to find reasons to hate one another, and perhaps will continue to do so until the human race is no more.
In the course of our conversation, he referred to his youth.
In the course of ten or fifteen minutes the thinning mist dissolved altogether from the northern horizon, as it had already done elsewhere, and about a quarter of an hour before the time of sunset the westward clouds parted, the sun's position being partially uncovered, and the beams streaming out in visible lines between two bars of slaty cloud.
In the course of that evening I revised the lesson three times.
In the course of the fifth century ten politicians were ostracised, the first being Cleisthenes himself, and the last (417 B.C.) Hyperbolus, who was made a scape-goat for Alcibiades and Nicias, the two rival leaders of the day.
In the course of the past three years he has painted his house blue, then green, and finally canary yellow, in that order.
In the course of the past year, prices have doubled.
In the course of the twentieth century all this changed.
In the course of the winter the bird had collected and given away so many crumbs of bread that they equalled in weight the whole loaf which little Inge had stepped upon to keep her shoes clean. When the last crumbs were found and given away, the bird's gray wings became white and spread themselves wide.
In the course of time, he changed his mind.
In the court, there were two young fellows, one of eighteen years old, the other of nineteen, who were very fond of playing chess.
In the criminals' storehouse, the authorities found pallets upon pallets of stolen goods.
In the cultures of certain peoples, a marked feeling of superiority has developed, so much so that it makes them capable of completely dehumanizing other peoples, to the point that that any kind of torture, rape, or mass murder seems acceptable to them.
In the current situation it is undue luxury.
In the current slump, economic growth has fallen to zero percent.
In the dark alleys of the city, poverty lurked behind tired yet remarkably brave faces.
In the dark before dawn of the 22nd of February of 2022, I trudged to the corner convenience store to acquire a can of cold Thai tea drink, three packets of instant noodles, and a bag of fried pork rinds. As I drank my orange-brownish tea drink outside, I could hear mystical East Indian music playing. A red van was parked near the store entrance. Walking homewards, I saw a parked sports utility vehicle playing dark instrumental music.
In the dark it's better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
In the dark of the undergrowth, a whole different world exists.
In the dark, I stumbled and, like a total idiot, hit my forehead against the door frame.
In the dark, Rodolfo jumped when his hand brushed against a spiderweb.
In the dark-blue sky you keep, And often through my curtains peep, For you never shut your eye, Till the sun is in the sky.
In the darkest moments of history, it was often fraternity that illuminated the way.
In the darkness I could see nothing, but my memory was strong enough to serve for moon and compass both.
In the darkness, I frantically reach out towards the receding figure.
In the darkness, she could hear him and his guests chatting and laughing.
In the darkness, the wet pavement glistens, and a dim lantern sways in the wind.
In the darkness, we could just barely make out two figures.
In the dawn of morning there lay the poor little one, with pale cheeks and smiling mouth, leaning against the wall. She had been frozen to death on the last evening of the year; and the New Year's sun rose and shone upon a little corpse!
In the day of a certain festival, when he would have prepared a hearty feast at home, he would send his son to invite a few of his friends to the meal.
In the days of doubt, in the days of painful brooding over the fate of my fatherland you are my only support, my only solace, oh great, mighty, true and free Russian language!
In the days of my youth, I was young.
In the days of the ancient Incas, it was the largest city in America.
In the days of the knights, they wore armor to protect themselves from sword-fight wounds.
In the days of the knights, they wore shields to protect themselves from sword-fight wounds.
In the days when the judges judged, there was a famine in the land.
In the decades since its opening, congestion on the expressway has steadily increased.
In the decades since, his fashion house was best known for voluptuous gowns that made their way from the runway to the red carpet.
In the deep midwinter, frosty wind made moan.
In the deep-sea zone there's total darkness.
In the deepest spot of all stands the castle of the Sea King. Its walls are built of coral, and the long Gothic windows are of the clearest amber. The roof is formed of shells that open and close as the water flows over them. Their appearance is very beautiful, for in each lies a glittering pearl which would be fit for the diadem of a queen.
In the demonology of the Middle Ages, Lilis was a famous witch, and is introduced as such in the Walpurgis night scene in Goethe’s “Faust.”
In the depths of humanity's collective unconscious, the troglodytes' way of thinking must be found. Toki Pona is a useful tool to bring this to the surface of our consciousness.
In the depths of the human soul, dark feelings lurk.
In the depths of winter, a hot-water bottle is essential.
In the depths of your being you haven't changed at all.
In the desert we were independent of camels.
In the desert, I think.
In the desert, camels are more important than cars for transportation.
In the desert, permanent water is like gold.
In the desert, sand is cheap.
In the desert, there are oases.
In the desert, water is worth its weight in gold.
In the deteriorating atmosphere, even seemingly trivial matters have caused a further degeneration of the situation.
In the development of Lojban, efforts were consistently made since the initial phase to keep the language culturally neutral.
In the dictionary of every language, every word has a lot of meanings.
In the digital age, handwriting is slowly becoming a lost art.
In the digital era, broken clocks are not right twice a day. They're just rubbish.
In the digital world, the Kabyle language is official since it has its own ISO.
In the dim light, Tom saw someone approaching him.
In the dining room is a glass table with five chairs.
In the dining room, Lilya had some vegetable soup and potatoes with stewed eggplants.
In the discussion the accent was on unemployment.
In the distance I could hear violin music.
In the distance I hear a muezzin calling the faithful to prayer.
In the distance I hear the sound of softly murmuring roads.
In the distance can be heard the rumbles of thunder.
In the distance can be heard voices, the slamming of shutters, and the barking of dogs.
In the distance can be seen a mage clothed entirely in black.
In the distance could be heard voices, the slamming of shutters, and the barking of dogs.
In the distance could be seen the mirrorlike river and the spire of the village church.
In the distance she began to look around for him.
In the distance the thunder is rumbling.
In the distance there stood a dimly white lighthouse.
In the distance we saw the island.
In the distance you can see Mt. Fuji through the morning mist.
In the distance, I could hear my parents talking to each other.
In the distance, Mt Fuji could be seen.
In the distance, in the middle of the road, Felix saw someone crouched down.
In the distance, mountains of cloud gave the illusion of snow-covered peaks, transporting Mary to the foothills of the Alps.
In the distance, mountains of cloud towered up like illusory snow-covered peaks, and Mary was as though transported to the foothills of the Alps.
In the distance, the city lights could be seen.
In the distance, the ringing of a bell could be heard, carried softly by the wind. Sarah heard it and smiled. Maybe it was the signal she'd been waiting for.
In the distance, there stood a dimly white lighthouse.
In the distance, we could hear thunder.
In the distance, we saw the city lights.
In the distant hollow on the left, half hidden by the mist, the two thin towers of Baskerville Hall rose above the trees. They were the only signs of human life which I could see, save only those prehistoric huts which lay thickly upon the slopes of the hills.
In the district of Khorasan, Kavus son of Kavad laid the foundation of the city of Samarkand, and Siavash, son of Kavus, completed it.
In the doctor's view, there are no grounds for optimism.
In the documentary, CNN explores how the royal family has supported their latest member as she finds her feet.
In the doorway they passed a stout little man with stubby white moustaches, and the General stopped, exclaiming, “Hello, Major!”
In the downtown area, all traffic has come to a standstill.
In the drawer, I only found a pair of candles.
In the driver’s seat of a scuffed yellow forklift, Wade Tate wheels through a vast distribution center on this city’s outskirts, storing inventory—boxes of machine parts or Sterno fuel kits—and fulfilling customers’ orders.
In the drought, many people and animals starved to death.
In the duration of a football match, a difference is drawn between regulation time and injury time.
In the dying lights of they day, the Tuareg herdsmen reached their camp.
In the earlier historical times the whole of the eastern part of the Balkan peninsula between the Danube and the Aegean was known as Thracia, while the western part (north of the forty-first degree of latitude) was termed Illyricum; the lower basin of the river Vardar (the classical Axius) was called Macedonia.
In the early 17th century, the French established a presence on Hispaniola.
In the early 1980s, Voyager 1 and 2 flew by the ringed planet.
In the early 1990's, traveling in Algeria started to become dangerous.
In the early 1990s, Algeria abandoned the socialist-based economic system.
In the early 1990s, computer programmer Tim Berners-Lee devised HTML—it is the computer code used to create the web pages and hyperlinks that you click to get from one page to the next.
In the early 1990s, the insurgency became more intense.
In the early 2000's, Algeria began a period of economic growth.
In the early 2000's, Algeria entered a period of rapid economic growth.
In the early 2000's, Algeria had a massive construction boom.
In the early 2000's, Kabylie had a serious kidnapping problem.
In the early 2000s, Algeria had relatively poor infrastructure.
In the early 2000s, Algeria was reeling from a severe civil war.
In the early 2000s, the Internet connection was highly unreliable in Algeria.
In the early 2010's, Algeria experienced a huge explosion in car sales.
In the early 20th century United States, acting was seen as a disreputable profession.
In the early 20th century, Algerians lived in slums on the peripheries of Algiers which was, then, mainly European.
In the early 20th century, China became a shadow of itself.
In the early 20th century, some artists began to go full abstract.
In the early 90s, Hong Kong made up 27% of Chinese GDP.
In the early afternoon, Tom decided that he just had to get out of the house.
In the early autumn of 2017 more than twenty tons of live seafood were found in a refrigerated truck with a Bulgarian license plate.
In the early days of American history, blacks lived in slavery.
In the early days of my career, I dreamed of touring the world as a performer in a famous musical, but these days, I'm finding a lot of satisfaction working in our local repertory theater.
In the early days of the Christian era, the city of Ys was ruled by a prince called Gradlon.
In the early days people communicated by smoke signals.
In the early days, people liked to brush their teeth with ash.
In the early morning of the 27th of March of 2022, I was not the usual pizza junkie. I drank iced black tea and ate barbecued potato chips at the Lulu Island cafe. Two noisy Cantonese men were present. Outside, near the park, I saw a large orange thermos in a shopping cart. Some were promoting the Orange Dream, the fantasy of an Oriental conlang. Walking on, I encountered the French-Canadian Alex with his friendly Chocolate Labrador, Ellie. I reminded myself that there was also the Chocolate Dream of a fantasy conlang. In the late morning, I went to the pizzeria to eat two slices and drink a cold diet cola. I found out that Rose, the Filipina vendor, was about 9 or 10 years younger than me, so she alerted me that I should not use the Tagalog "po" reverential grammatical particle to her. My third walk took me to the pizzeria in the evening. I was drinking just cold diet cola, as I was watching the 94th Oscars on the big screen with sound off. Three young Filipinas came in to order. Later, I peeked into the new Japanesque SunTea Bakery, and the Purple Yam Mochi Soft Bread, selling at "9.5" Canadian dollars each, intrigued me. I might try it someday. The vendors spoke Mandarin.
In the early morning the sun dazzles drivers.
In the early part of my study, I allude to work that had already been done on the psychology of crowd-control.
In the early stages of a new relationship, we can be completely blind to any faults or failings in the person we're in love with.
In the early tropical night, while the string quartet performed Vivaldi's The Four Seasons on a stage lit by hundreds of electronic candles (a floor of stars?), we also heard, like persistent background music, the dull sound that the rain made as it fell on the theater's roof.
In the east of the city, there is a big store.
In the eastern part of the Roman Empire, both Latin and Greek were used as administrative languages, but Greek dominated among the people.
In the eastern part, the situation is a bit different.
In the economic sphere communism is analogous to democracy in the political sphere.
In the egg yolk, there are more proteins than in egg whites.
In the eighteenth century, women were treated as second-class citizens.
In the election, conservatives and progressives were fighting each other.
In the end I came up with a great idea.
In the end I had an ingenious idea.
In the end I ran to the station, and somehow got there on time.
In the end Tom was killed.
In the end he achieved his goal.
In the end he achieved his objective.
In the end he will have his wish, if nothing more than a shell remains. The dark path forward will leave her empty and numb with memories, no dreams of what once was and shall never be again.
In the end it is not possible to fully know somebody else.
In the end it is not possible to fully know someone else.
In the end our team lost the final game.
In the end she chose another kitten.
In the end the bill was forced into being withdrawn.
In the end the two families accepted their fate.
In the end there was only beautiful sunshine all day.
In the end they both fell asleep.
In the end they understood what we meant.
In the end we decided to ask our teacher for advice.
In the end we don't need anyone.
In the end we reached a compromise.
In the end we will remember.
In the end, "feminity" is something that a woman is naturally furnished with, there is no need to make any effort to show it, and it's a quality such that even if one were to make conscious efforts to hide it, it would lead to nothing.
In the end, I can't grasp his true motive.
In the end, I decided not to apply for that job.
In the end, I did manage to become friends with benefits with that girl.
In the end, I did not meet Tom.
In the end, I found out what was wrong with my TV.
In the end, I gave up.
In the end, I had to completely rewrite the seventh chapter.
In the end, I had to fork over $500 for that antique radio.
In the end, I realised I was alone.
In the end, Italy won the shootout 3-2.
In the end, Jane didn't buy it.
In the end, Janos had to leave.
In the end, Laura has chosen to study English.
In the end, Tom earned recognition.
In the end, Tom found the courage.
In the end, Tom gave up.
In the end, Tom had to bite the bullet and take responsibility for his actions.
In the end, Washington did issue a proclamation, the first presidential proclamation ever, calling for a national “day of public thanksgiving and prayer.”
In the end, Yanni was left with nothing.
In the end, Yuri couldn't tell Martha anything.
In the end, Ziri found Rima.
In the end, a solution was agreed upon.
In the end, all of the Crusades were failures.
In the end, all the pieces will fit together.
In the end, because of the disease, he became unable to walk and had to use a motorized wheelchair to get around.
In the end, capture the stomach to win.
In the end, entice someone with food to win.
In the end, everything is a gag.
In the end, everything is fine. Otherwise it's not the end!
In the end, everything turned out fine.
In the end, everything was restored to the way it was before the incident.
In the end, everything wound up being a monumental mess.
In the end, good will triumph over evil.
In the end, he also faltered in the face of great adversity.
In the end, he converted to Islam.
In the end, he did not come.
In the end, he had to admit he was wrong.
In the end, he had to admit that he was at fault.
In the end, he had to admit that he was wrong.
In the end, he landed in jail.
In the end, he recognized his own mistakes.
In the end, he still had something to say.
In the end, he wasn't able to succeed.
In the end, he wasn’t able to succeed.
In the end, her glare cowed him into submission.
In the end, however, the Food and Drug Administration and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention decided that J&J's vaccine was a key to fighting the pandemic, and that the clot risk could be addressed with warnings to help younger women decide which shot to choose.
In the end, it didn't matter.
In the end, it may not even matter.
In the end, it probably won't even matter.
In the end, it was all clear.
In the end, it was decided that the shops would be equipped with security cameras.
In the end, it was just too much bother so I went home by taxi.
In the end, it wasn't so bad.
In the end, it won't matter anyway.
In the end, it's cheaper to join a tour.
In the end, it's not that bad.
In the end, it’s cheaper to join a tour.
In the end, just don't drive me there.
In the end, just don’t drive me there.
In the end, love wins.
In the end, love's endurance depends on both partners.
In the end, nothing beats the original.
In the end, nothing good comes easy.
In the end, one always ends up wishing to annihilate one's fellow man. Therein lies the sad fate of humanity.
In the end, one always ends up wishing to annihilate one’s fellow man. Therein lies the sad fate of humanity.
In the end, our team lost in the final.
In the end, our team lost the final.
In the end, she didn't come.
In the end, she didn't turn up.
In the end, she fell asleep.
In the end, she moved back to England.
In the end, she still had something to say.
In the end, submit it by 12 o'clock in 5 days, please.
In the end, the Germans were forced to withdraw.
In the end, the answer was found.
In the end, the bad guy always gets caught.
In the end, the complete collection of world literature I had bought with the intention of reading someday became just a display on the bookcase, remaining mostly unread. What a waste.
In the end, the diligent person succeeds.
In the end, the seeker is the finder.
In the end, the way to someone's heart is through their stomach.
In the end, there's no one-size-fits-all answer for everyone.
In the end, they all live happily in Tavlast.
In the end, they approved the proposal.
In the end, they drew something completely different.
In the end, they made up their minds to go by plane.
In the end, they managed to escape from Tom.
In the end, we all learned something.
In the end, we did not confess.
In the end, we didn't get married.
In the end, we ended up eating at that shabby restaurant.
In the end, we got married.
In the end, we got the information.
In the end, we got to the lake.
In the end, we obtained what we wanted.
In the end, we reached a compromise.
In the end, we stayed for lunch.
In the end, we were the ones who solved the puzzle.
In the end, we will have no regrets.
In the end, we will have nothing to regret.
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
In the end, we won't have any regrets.
In the end, we'll have no regrets.
In the end, we'll have nothing to regret.
In the end, what must I really believe in?
In the end, while there are those who are willing to accept you for whatever you do, there will also be those who will criticize you. If you fear being beaten down, nothing will ever start.
In the end, with effort everything will be good.
In the end, you can't beat the original.
In the end, you see, sorrow is like a tapeworm: what you have to do is to get it out of your body.
In the end, you will understand everything.
In the equal temperament, octaves are divided into twelve semi-tones.
In the era of email, I'm so happy when a friend sends me a real letter.
In the era of email, I’m so happy when a friend sends me a real letter.
In the era of the Soviets, our sparkling wines were known as Soviet champagne.
In the evening I eat at home with my family.
In the evening I made such a tasty lunch for work that at 2 in the morning, I got out of bed and scarfed it all down.
In the evening I put on my waterproof and I walked far upon the sodden moor, full of dark imaginings, the rain beating upon my face and the wind whistling about my ears.
In the evening I went out on safari again, at night I fell asleep hearing the grunting of the hippos.
In the evening an old woman, a former parishioner, came up to Mr. Lowder, and asked after his rheumatism, and said she hoped he got the bottle.
In the evening he met Minda in the park.
In the evening he sat on the porch.
In the evening is twilight; in the morning the breaking and dawning of the day.
In the evening light, the sandstone façade of the Romanesque basilica lit up with an unexpected splendour of colours.
In the evening my pigeon returned to me wounded seriously.
In the evening my pigeon returned, seriously injured.
In the evening quiet, we enjoy the song of the euphonious nightingale.
In the evening the friends go to the village pub for a drink.
In the evening the idle man begins to be busy.
In the evening the sky became overcast with dark clouds.
In the evening the sky became overcast with dark clouds; it thundered, and lightened, and the huge icebergs, glittering in the bright lightning, were lifted high into the air by the black waves.
In the evening they came to a large forest, and they were so weary with sorrow and hunger and the long walk, that they lay down in a hollow tree and fell asleep.
In the evening they entered a large forest, and were so tired from misery, hunger, and the long road, that they sat themselves in the hollow of a tree and fell asleep.
In the evening they will go to swim.
In the evening we went for a walk together on the boardwalk.
In the evening which succeeded my poor father's funeral, I cut a lock from my hair, and, as it consumed in the fire, I swore that my rage and revenge should pursue his enemies, until they shrivelled before me like that scorched-up symbol of annihilation.
In the evening, I go to bed at ten.
In the evening, I have dinner at home with my family.
In the evening, I read my son a book.
In the evening, I returned to Tim Hortons to eat what was becoming my usual: two hash browns and an oat milk iced coffee. I should, maybe, go back to croissants, sometime. There were Sinospheric customers. There was a robust East Indian customer in a corner. One South Asian vendor commented, "Viktor is still like an embryo!" At home, I listened to a radio app on my tablet: Zouk Hits, Southeast Asia Psychedelics, Baroque, etc. It was the 27th of December of 2024.
In the evening, I walk with my dog.
In the evening, I went for a walk in the park.
In the evening, Miss Barry took them to a concert in the Academy of Music, where a noted prima donna was to sing.
In the evening, Oleg returned home.
In the evening, William came to Sandra's apartment.
In the evening, Ziri hung out with Rima.
In the evening, a vehicle stopped outside the door.
In the evening, guests arrived.
In the evening, someone knocked suddenly at the door.
In the evening, the crimson sphere of the sun descends beyond the haze of the horizon.
In the evening, there was a sudden knock at the door.
In the evening, they would go to the theater.
In the evening, we drank sugarcane juice.
In the evening, we watched a film.
In the evening, we went for a walk in the park.
In the evening, we will have some guests.
In the evening, would you rather play a game, visit a relative, watch a movie, or read?
In the evenings my mom and aunt would take turns to read me books.
In the evenings, he goes out to drink.
In the evenings, we played bingo.
In the evenings, we wandered around the town centre.
In the evenings, we would wander around the city centre.
In the event of a divorce, a prenuptial agreement ensures a fortune will not be lost.
In the event of a sudden loss of cabin pressure, oxygen masks will drop from the panel above your seat.
In the event of misfortune, celebrations are the best.
In the event of rain, the game will not be held.
In the event that asbestos-covered mesh is found, ensure its safety by damping the asbestos portion to prevent dust release and wrapping in a plastic bag.
In the event that you can't persuade them, befuddle them.
In the event that you have to leave, do so peacefully.
In the excitement, people would fall and roll on the floor and speak in what seemed an unintelligible babble.
In the exercise of his rights and freedoms, everyone shall be subject only to such limitations as are determined by law solely for the purpose of securing due recognition and respect for the rights and freedoms of others and of meeting the just requirements of morality, public order and the general welfare in a democratic society.
In the eyes of God, all humans are brothers and sisters.
In the eyes of dozens of nations around the world, Western Sahara is a legitimate nation.
In the eyes of many, poverty is much worse than vice: it's a weakness.
In the eyes of the Creator, all are equal.
In the face of ambiguity, refuse the temptation to guess.
In the face of ruthless competition, our business failed to survive.
In the factory, all the equipment was up to date.
In the fading light of evening, he paced up and down the ship's deck.
In the fall of 2004, Martino was going into his junior year of college.
In the fall semester of 2015, a group of students created the Third Door project to highlight the need for gender-neutral bathrooms.
In the fall we harvest our summer crops.
In the fall, a great prayer is given in the sacred grove.
In the fall, a series of chemical signals, triggered by shortening day lengths, stops the growth process.
In the fall, children like to stomp on leaves to hear the crunch.
In the fall, covers are put over the fans in trains.
In the fall, many birds head for the south.
In the fall, my mom and I go to spend some time in the village.
In the fall, the leaves turn red and gold.
In the fall, the moon is very pretty.
In the fall, when the days grew shorter and the nights colder, she watched the first frost turn the leaves to bright yellow and orange and red.
In the family of Julius there is a large number of slaves, and a small number of children.
In the family, one can find an uncle and an aunt, a mother and a father, a son and a daughter, a grandson and a granddaughter, as well as a brother and a sister, the father's uncle or the mother's and the father's aunt or the mother's, the brother's and sister's son or daughter, and the wife's or husband's brother or sister.
In the far north, where I live, I want to dance for the Sun.
In the fascinating Japanese anime Xam'd: Lost Memories (亡念のザムド), one finds dieselpunk as part of its strange schizo tech universe, in which different technologies are anachronistically present.
In the fateful year of 1860, the year of his election to the presidency, Lincoln took up, in the pause of his affairs after the long debate with Douglas, the custom of lyceum lecturing, then in great vogue.
In the fervour of their joy they went to pay their adoration to the Nymphs, carrying vine-branches laden with clusters of grapes, as first-fruit offerings of the vintage.
In the few days that I'm here, I want to take care of as much as possible.
In the field of astronomy, there are researchers who postulate that a long-lived spacefaring civilization would be post-biological. Perhaps, in such a scenario, the biological precursors would be relegated to live just on the home world. For us humans, we question whether our bodies would be too fragile for deep space, and maybe we would leave deep space for our machine children with intellect.
In the field of international relations this president is an abject failure. He is unwilling even to shake hands with one of our most important allies.
In the fight against COVID, some medical centers are offering antibody therapies as a way to keep patients with mild COVID-19 symptoms from developing a more severe illness.
In the fight to abolish slavery Lincoln knew that he occupied the moral high ground.
In the figure shown above, two turbine engines are located under the wings, parallel to the body, with thrust acting along the body centerline.
In the film "Forbidden Planet," there is a monster who comes from people's subconscious.
In the film about the world coming to an end, death was certain within twelve hours.
In the film, the director makes Hamlet an active person.
In the final analysis, death has the final word on the end of your own life.
In the final raucous minutes of the match, Max whipped in a delicious cross to the far post, where his cat, scampering on to the gleaming floodlit pitch, using her hind legs to leap high into the air, higher than all the defenders and attackers, headed in the winning goal, sending the crowd into raptures and ensuring her place in football folklore.
In the final section of the level, there are respawning enemies.
In the financial world opposition is apparently increasing against the withdrawal of the proposed bill.
In the fire of trials, character is forged.
In the fireplace burns a little fire, and the room is warm.
In the first election, he won nine seats.
In the first few hours of the battle, Union forces were winning.
In the first grade of primary school, children learn addition and subtraction.
In the first half of the 20th century, the canvas was covered with protective varnish that over the course of decades caused discoloration.
In the first lesson, we will only learn the characters and pronunciation.
In the first month of that year, I saw that it snowed for four days from the 14th until the 17th.
In the first months of their lives, bear cubs are completely dependent on their mothers.
In the first paragraph, she describes an idea of home.
In the first paragraph, she describes the labels she was tagged with, which have a negative connotation.
In the first place it's necessary for you to get up early.
In the first place it’s necessary for you to get up early.
In the first place they must have some dinner.
In the first place we have to decide on the name.
In the first place we must find a way out of this.
In the first place, I discovered that beauty was a full stop.
In the first place, I would like to announce several new regulations.
In the first place, both my friend and I must spend the night in your room.
In the first place, fashions change very quickly.
In the first place, he's a lazy boy.
In the first place, he’s a lazy boy.
In the first place, it's too expensive, and in the second place, I don't like it.
In the first place, no harm will come to us even if we try.
In the first place, the women have more free time than men. In the second place, they have fewer things to worry about than men.
In the first place, we have to decide on the name.
In the first place, we must be careful about what we eat and drink.
In the first place, we must have capital to begin it with.
In the first place, why do the birds migrate at all?
In the first place, women have more free time than men. In the second place, they have fewer things to worry about than men.
In the first place, you all have to pay a debt first.
In the first place, you should be punctual.
In the first section of this review I raise the question of how brain processes cause our conscious experiences.
In the first set, both players scored the same number of points and the decision went to the tiebreaker.
In the first six months, Sami lost sixty pounds.
In the first year of her relationship with Fadil, Dania became pregnant.
In the first year, the kids learn all the letters in the alphabet.
In the first years that Coca-Cola was produced, it contained cocaine. In 1914, cocaine was classified as a narcotic, after which they used caffeine instead of cocaine in the production of Coca-Cola.
In the flat opposite lives a family of four.
In the foetus, prior to the descent of the testicle, the cremaster muscle does not exist.
In the following lesson, we'll learn the days of the week, the months and the seasons.
In the font business you must never trust anybody!
In the foothills of the Alps, there's already snow.
In the foreseeable future, we will be able to put an end to AIDS.
In the forest, he saw a wild boar.
In the forest, monkeys were climbing down from the canopies.
In the forest, under an old linden tree, there was a well.
In the forests you can notice that it's much too dry.
In the foreword, I only touched on the most important points.
In the formation of Turkish words, both the meetings of vowels and of consonants follow harmony principles.
In the former case the ego has enriched itself with the properties of the object, it has 'introjected' the object into itself, as Ferenczi expresses it.
In the fourth place, I do not want people to think that I am afraid of anything.
In the fourth place, even if we succeeded in carrying off the bear cubs, we could not run up a mountain without stopping to rest.
In the foyer is a vending machine selling bars of chocolate.
In the foyer of the theater, there's an enormous crystal chandelier.
In the foyer, there's a vending machine selling bars of chocolate.
In the freezer, there is a bowl of pea soup with sausages.
In the fridge is chaos.
In the frigid, autumnal air, icy droplets plummeted to the ground.
In the funnel, the cone shape has been truncated.
In the furry fandom, many are artists of some sort.
In the future everyone will be famous for fifteen minutes.
In the future there will be a city sitting atop a "sky island" of sorts.
In the future we may need to take another look at the way decisions such as this are actually implemented.
In the future, Firefox will upgrade plugins for you.
In the future, I think there'll be a subway station here.
In the future, I'd like to have a job where I can be useful to others.
In the future, I'll try to be more cautious.
In the future, IBM hopes to improve its forecasts by collecting data from atmospheric pressure sensors that are now standard equipment in smartphones.
In the future, Northern Ireland could vote to join the Republic of Ireland.
In the future, astronauts will grow carrots on Mars.
In the future, astronauts will grow their own food on Mars.
In the future, be more careful with your money.
In the future, cars will drive themselves.
In the future, entertainment will be randomly generated.
In the future, everyone will drive an electric car.
In the future, everyone will want to be anonymous for fifteen minutes.
In the future, he'll try to be on time.
In the future, humans will use spaceships to travel around the galaxy at speeds faster than light.
In the future, insect fats could be used to replace butter.
In the future, many workers will be replaced by robots.
In the future, most of our food will be grown in vertical farms located inside the city.
In the future, nobody will drive cars.
In the future, people who live in equatorial regions will probably be climate refugees.
In the future, places like New Zealand may no longer be English-language domains.
In the future, the world will be controlled by giant corporations.
In the future, there may be "lighthouse" installations on moons and planets beyond Earth, not necessarily full-blown colonies. It will be possible. I am thinking that humans are such fragile beings for outer space.
In the future, try to get to the office on time.
In the future, we won't be handicapped by old age.
In the future, we won’t be handicapped by old age.
In the future, will robots be as common as personal computers?
In the future, you have to get here on time.
In the game Battlefield you can buy a rental server.
In the game of Go, each player tries from the beginning to encircle as many empty spaces, that is as much territory, as possible.
In the game of Go, the rule of Ko (a term meaning eternity in Japanese) prevents repeating indefinitely between adjacent intersections, now the capture of a stone by a player, and then the capture of the capturing stone by the opponent.
In the game of Go, the stones are motionless; they remain in their positions like sentries defending the territory that they help to delimit.
In the game of Go, two players take turns placing white and black stones on an initially empty board to ensure ownership of spaces on the playing field. The winner is the player who has achieved the greatest territorial conquest.
In the game of chess, each army has a king, a queen, two bishops, two knights, two rooks, and eight pawns.
In the game of chess, knights jump in a strange way.
In the game of chess, the relative value of pieces is usually as follows: the queen is worth 9, the rook 5, the bishop 3, the knight also 3, and the pawn 1. The king has absolute value.
In the game of geopolitics, cultural and political symbols matter.
In the garden below were lilac-trees purple with flowers, and their dizzily sweet fragrance drifted up to the window on the morning wind.
In the garden there are many red flowers.
In the garden, asters are blooming.
In the garden, many flowers are in bloom now.
In the garden, the pigs were in charge.
In the garden, there are apple trees, plums, cherries, raspberries, gooseberries, and currants.
In the garden, you know. I'd like to put out benches and increase the customer seating. Like this ...
In the garden, you know. I’d like to put out benches and increase the customer seating. Like this ...
In the gardens of the better classes summer-houses and shelters of rustic appearance and diminutive proportions are often seen. Rustic arbors are also to be seen in the larger gardens. Specially constructed houses of quaint design and small size are not uncommon; in these the ceremonial tea-parties take place. High fences, either of board or bamboo, or solid walls of mud or tile with stone foundations, surround the house or enclose it from the street. Low rustic fences border the gardens in the suburbs. Gateways of various styles, some of imposing design, form the entrances; as a general thing they are either rustic and light, or formal and massive.
In the glow of the campfire, the shining eyes of wolves could be seen.
In the grand scheme of things, none of us have much time left.
In the grave lay a skeleton with a split skull.
In the great old-fashioned fireplace behind the high iron dogs a log-fire crackled and snapped.
In the great square, the boldest among the boys would often tie their sledges to the country people's carts, and go with them a good way.
In the greatest of all works of art everything had been realized, I could give nothing, and my restless mind tired of passive contemplation.
In the grey-sky afternoon of the 12th of March of 2022, at home, listening, I was alternating between House, Zouk, and Afrofuturism music channels on my device. I did karaoke of the European Union Anthem in French, Spanish, and Greek. I decided to get out of the house. I saw a thick brown man in a bright red shirt and bright green track pants. Orientals did gardening. A Ugandan woman was talking in her smartphone. Walking by, a white man in a green jacket carried a big driftwood that was over a metre long. At the pizzeria, I ate a cheese pizza slice and drank a diet cola. There was a white boy with a big Afro hairdo. Heading home, I saw a crowd near the pub, and a man said, "It's a small world!" Along the way, I saw my handsome Mediterranean neighbour zip up his brown leather jacket. I encountered Michael the Dane-French in the alleyway, as he compared my appearance with shorts to martial artist Jean-Claude Van Damme. I said, "He has a nice body!"
In the grey-sky morning of the 24th of March of 2023, Greg and I, both Filipinos, discussed some matters at the teahouse, whilst I had a cold Strawberry Oat Matcha Latte, and Greg had his coffee with cream and sugar in a big white mug and a croissant on a little plate. The athletic-looking, head-shaven Filipino, Rodney, was eating a sandwich at a table near a window. Chen, the military-looking, stocky Chinese was sitting by the counter. From my red Eddie Bauer waist pack, I took out and showed Greg my two mini dictionaries of Esperanto and Tagalog. We talked about a lot of things, including my predilection for the Finnish language and the Swede-Finn writer Tove Jansson, languages including Spanish that we learned in school, mestizos like Boris Yeltsin in Eastern Europe, Tibetans, and Elon Musk's vision for Mars as a second home for humanity.
In the grey-sky morning of the 31st of March of 2023, Greg and I, both Filipinos, talked at the teahouse on Lulu Island. Greg by then had already finished his coffee, and I had just ordered my Iced Black Tea. Greg bought two bags of Dried Apple Chips, one of which he gave generously to me. We discussed in Tagalog many things like the romanticization of history, Inuit, Cree Indians, Alberta where he lived before, and evolution. Greg still did not believe in evolution, and I mentioned the Filipino creation myth in which from bamboo out came a man and a woman. We both learned this legend in school. I went to the pizzeria to have a slice and a Diet Coke. The owner, the Sri Lankan Tamil named Tharsan, was at the cashier. He lived in Vancouver, not here on Lulu Island. He had a girlfriend, also Sri Lankan. At my table, I read a Japanese fantasy book, Kudaketa Monshou, or Crumbled Coat of Arms. In my red fanny pack, I also had an Esperanto Mini Dictionary.
In the hallway outside the courtrooms hang eight lists where respondents must search for their names to learn where their cases will be heard.
In the hallway, Edmundo saw a guy in a sweatshirt that he didn't recognize.
In the hands of a skilled designer, any two colors can go well together.
In the hands of a wise person, things become really simple. It's a mediocre person, pretending to be wise, that makes an easy thing sound difficult.
In the happy days before the accursed dragon had brought ruin to the land, it had been called the Well of Life; and though he had denied its sacred waters with innocent blood, it still retained many of its ancient virtues.
In the heart of Manhattan lives a pair of unlikely neighbors, after a family of hawks built a nest near the window of an apartment building.
In the heart of the city is found a church built in the Gothic system. There are some cultural buildings near it.
In the heart of the city, there is an institution having a golden history.
In the heart of the city, there is an institution with a golden history.
In the heart of the forest are bears.
In the heart of the forest there are bears.
In the heat of the argument, Tom hit John.
In the heat of the argument, Tom punched John.
In the heat of the argument, Tom struck John.
In the heat of the moment, Tom slapped Mary.
In the heavenly sea, waves of clouds rise; the moon appears as if it were a boat, hidden among the starry groves.
In the higher latitudes of the northern hemisphere, the continents of North America, Europe, and Asia are pressed closer together. This “constriction” of the oceans creates the effect of a higher range of tides.
In the hills around the city, rocky pastures support herds of cattle.
In the history of the United States, the Puritans were a group of people known for having an overly restrictive code of ethics, thus giving rise to negative connotations of someone being described as "puritanical".
In the holidays, I spent days doing nothing.
In the home of demons, Ravana is God.
In the hospital room, the nurse wearing white clothes and the midwife were preparing for the delivery.
In the hospital, Boldi was diagnosed with an ulcer.
In the hot tub, Mary confessed to wearing adult diapers on long road trips to avoid stopping at rest stops.
In the hotel foyer, a few guests who have just arrived are waiting to receive a room key.
In the hotel lobby, several guests who just arrived are waiting to get the keys to their rooms.
In the hotel room there was a watermelon on the table.
In the hotel room, there was just a bed, a wardrobe and a ventilator.
In the house of his father, every prince is great.
In the house, the ax comes from above.
In the house, there is a fragrance of pine needles and resin.
In the human body, we find: hair, forehead, eyes, ears, nose, mouth, jaw, cheeks, beard, teeth, tongue, etc..
In the human torso are two pairs of floating ribs. These ribs do not actually drift freely in the chest, but, unlike the other ribs, they are attached only at one end.
In the hummingbird the wishbone is light and weak and so short that it does not come near the sternum.
In the hut, there is a ladle with a long handle.
In the ideal scenario, no one needs to lose their job.
In the imperial measurement system, four quarts equals one gallon.
In the inner circles of the Bouteflika regime, no one knew how decisions were made.
In the interest of safety, Mary was hospitalized.
In the interest of saving a pregnancy at risk, Mary was hospitalized.
In the interim, I will serve as chairman.
In the interim, please send all communications to Tom.
In the international arena, Algeria continues to play a constructive role, advocating for peace, security, and cooperation.
In the internet age, many nations are struggling to deal with false information.
In the introduction, the author is stating as follows.
In the justice system of the United States, there are twelve people on a jury.
In the kickoff article of this series, I defined some fundamental concepts we can use when talking about plugins.
In the kingdom of the blind, the one eyed-man is king.
In the kingdom of the blind, the one-eyed is king.
In the kitchen a kettle was singing on the fire, and a large black cat lay coiled up in the basket.
In the kitchen, I noticed a note on the counter.
In the kitchen, you're more apt to cut yourself with a dull knife than with a sharp one.
In the kitchen, you’re more apt to cut yourself with a dull knife than with a sharp one.
In the kitchen.
In the lab of another company, Beyond Meat, scientists re-created a hamburger patty out of proteins from yellow peas, soy and beets for the look of blood.
In the lab, two graduate students were waiting for me.
In the laboratory there is a piece of abstract art that is composed of images of neuron networks, showing their vast complexity.
In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
In the last 50 years, a great deal has changed.
In the last World Cup, New Zealand was knocked out of the competition by Mexico.
In the last X-Men movie, Magneto speaks Polish.
In the last analysis, methods don't educate children; people do.
In the last analysis, methods don’t educate children; people do.
In the last century, however, four successive heirs were of a dissolute and wasteful disposition, and the family ruin was eventually completed by a gambler in the days of the Regency.
In the last century, the city has been renamed several times.
In the last decade, it has been discovered that the symbiotic relationships between trees and fungi are far more complex and rich than had traditionally been thought.
In the last few decades, 40 percent of our world’s kelp forests have declined and some of them have disappeared completely.
In the last few months, her health has deteriorated.
In the last few months, his health has deteriorated.
In the last few years he has developed the bad habit of being rude to his friends.
In the last few years it happened frequently.
In the last few years, Ukrainian speculators have robbed the country.
In the last fifteen or twenty years, there have been great changes in family life in Britain.
In the last minute of the game, Tom scored his team’s winning goal.
In the last minute, Marcello scored an equaliser.
In the last minute, Marcello scored an equalizing goal.
In the last minute, Marcello scored the equalizer.
In the last minute, he scored the second goal.
In the last month we've collected fifty litres of rainwater.
In the last storm, one of the old oak's branches snapped off.
In the last thirty months many things have changed radically.
In the last three years, a lot of new buildings have been built around here.
In the last twenty years, partly due to Carpenter's innovations, strong new forms of glass have been developed that can be used as a structural material, whether for staircases, walkways or walls — transparent walls that admit sunlight, but are coated invisibly to keep out too much heat.
In the last two years or so, eugenics has become a widely accepted social policy, the price of "freedom."
In the last two years, the city of Ghent has shared 57,000 food packets with needy people.
In the last typhoon, the wind blew at over 200 kilometers per hour!
In the last weeks, there has been some strong storms.
In the last year, he has read many books.
In the last year, it's become possible for visitors to hop over the churning waves and set foot on one historic offshore lighthouse.
In the last year, she said, the Blue Ridge Parkway earned over a billion dollars from tourism. That is more money than any other place managed by the National Park Service.
In the late 1940s, George Gamow, a Russian-American physicist, conceived of the Big Bang theory as we know it today. He and his colleagues proposed that if a big bang had occurred, it would have left an afterglow, traces of background radiation that would still be present.
In the late 1950's, my mother wanted to buy a bottle of rum, and the clerk at the Ontario liquor store asked her, whether she had a note from her husband.
In the late 1980s and in the 1990s, a couple of my favourite singers were Enya and Tracy Chapman. With headphones and a disc player, I listened to their music at my software workplace, an old brick building, the windows showing the harbour and railroad tracks that went beside the quaint Gastown district of the city of Vancouver, BC. I wore then a heavy dark-blue winter jacket with shoulder straps; it made me look like a student soldier from the 19th century.
In the late 1990s and early 2000s, my two favourite Vancouver food haunts were firstly, On Lok Restaurant and Won-ton House, and secondly, Penny Restaurant, both on East Hastings Street. I alternated between them frequently. With such varied scrumptious menus, it was like being in the Middle Kingdom itself.
In the late 1990s, I inherited an expensive black Australian Outback jacket from a slightly corpulent homestay Japanese student Hirotada, who stayed in my home on Lulu Island for five years. He was going to a college to learn English. It is really difficult for most Japanese to learn English, because the structure and usage are so different. They seldom fraternize with native Anglophones, because of an entirely different culture.
In the late 1st millennium BC-early 1st millennium AD, there were strongly organized states like Manna, Media, Atropatena and Albania in the Azerbaijani territories.
In the late 20th century, Yugoslavia was considered a rogue state by the United States.
In the late Fifties, he was rehabilitated.
In the late afternoon, at the conclusion of the race-meet, Bosnian society repairs en masse to the beautiful and fashionable Villa Bosna, where, in the cool of the evening, in the casino or under the great trees, it sups and dines and chatters, until it is time for the last of the evening trains to leave for Sarajevo.
In the late afternoon, by the way, there was a sugar cube battle in the café.
In the late eighteenth century, a passport for an American was usually signed by the President of the United States.
In the late morning today, I see my white neighbour Bruce Lawson in front of his yard, his son Wesley's brown puppy Gus being on a leash tied to a boat. Bruce says his Filipina wife Nerria just grabbed the puppy the other night, as the brownie ran away. Wesley and his white girlfriend are still in Peru. Bruce does not know their itinerary. He says, "They just want to be in a different country." Such reminds me that in the future, would different settled worlds—planets and moons—be like different countries? I have read lots of sci-fi that do postulate such. Today is the 15th of February of 2017.
In the late summer, mountain sage flowers appear. Hummingbirds — blue-throated, ruby-throated, magnificent, and Lucifer, and others — seek out these flowers.
In the late-19th century, people began to realize the relationship between cleanliness and good health.
In the latest X-Men movie Magneto speaks Polish.
In the latest in a series of tests, the new tuberculosis treatment, called PaMZ, outperformed current drugs, clearing twice as much TB bacteria from patients’ saliva.
In the latest real-world findings from Israel, where the variant first identified in Britain is dominant, the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine was 95% effective.
In the latest report, World Health Organization Director General Dr. Lee Jong Wook writes that water and sanitation are the most important determinants of public health. Dr. Lee says wherever people have reliable access to safe water and sanitation, they have won a major battle against a wide range of diseases.
In the latest report, it is written that 90% of all the cocaine smuggled in the world is transported by sea, and most of that by speedboat.
In the latest sign that passion for soccer is growing in the United States, several hundred U.S. supporters gathered outside the White House on Sunday night to revel in the Women's World Cup triumph of their national team over Japan.
In the latest storm, one of the old oak's branches snapped off.
In the latest version of the game, the players can explore the seas.
In the leaden backdrop of the dawn, the horseman stands in silence, the long mane of his horse, disheveled by the wind.
In the legal world, natural disasters are referred to as "acts of God."
In the letter, we demand that negotiators immediately reform the trade negotiation process to make the proceedings more transparent, inclusive and accountable.
In the letters Tom receives as Father Christmas, many children, he says, ask not for presents, but for their dad to find a job soon, or for their parents to make up with each other. Letters such as these affect Tom deeply, and he always answers them personally.
In the life of a couple it is very important to have a spirit of mutual tolerance.
In the light of these facts, it may be necessary to revise our theory.
In the light of this fact, it is clear that he is innocent.
In the light of what you told us, I think we should revise our plan.
In the lights of some, freedom necessarily includes the freedom to starve.
In the lives of single cells, we can perceive the roots of our own intelligence.
In the living room there was a huge spider.
In the lobby is a statue of white marble.
In the long run oat flakes with advocaat for breakfast will knock everybody's socks off.
In the long run oat flakes with advocaat for breakfast will knock everybody’s socks off.
In the long run there is no more liberating, no more exhilarating experience than to determine one’s position, state it bravely, and then act boldly. Action brings with it its own courage, its own energy, a growth of self-confidence that can be acquired in no other way.
In the long run we are all dead.
In the long run your interest is better served by benefitting those below than those above.
In the long run, a single-planet species will not survive.
In the long run, everything works out.
In the long run, his attitude risks becoming heavy for his partner.
In the long run, none of it really mattered.
In the long run, none of this will matter.
In the long run, prices will rise.
In the long run, the report calls on Congress to enact a comprehensive Missouri River protection act.
In the long run, we can save a lot of money by buying this machine.
In the long run, we shape our lives, and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die. And the choices we make are ultimately our own responsibility.
In the long run, you will have to practise more.
In the long summer days she sat in the sun and watched the trees cover themselves with leaves, and the white daisies cover the hill.
In the long term, Algeria has a bright future.
In the longer term, sea level rise, extreme storm surge events, and high tides will affect coastal facilities and infrastructure on which many energy systems, markets, and consumers depend. As new investments in energy technologies occur, future energy systems will differ from today's in uncertain ways.
In the lower part of the head is the neck.
In the lowest drawer I found a bronze key.
In the luggage rack there are five suitcases.
In the main, I am in favor of political reform if meaningful changes are made.
In the mango grove, shade poured into his black eyes, when playing as a boy, when his mother sang, when the sacred offerings were made, when his father, the scholar, taught him.
In the market, you learn more about people than in a temple.
In the matter of boots, I refer to the authority of the bootmaker.
In the matter of boots, I refer to the authority of the bootmaker; concerning houses, canals, or railroads, I consult that of the architect or engineer.
In the matter of food and clothing, we are pretty well off.
In the matter of psychology, he is an expert.
In the mean time God said to Jacob: Arise and go up to Bethel, and dwell there, and make there an altar to God, who appeared to thee when thou didst flee from Esau, thy brother.
In the mean time Larry, now as happy as an emperor, was tripping round the room without any shoes to encumber him as he withdrew the plates from the table.
In the mean time we drank much salt water.
In the mean time, let's have a sit down.
In the meantime I've come to understand that this is not such an easy question.
In the meantime the famine was heavy upon all the land. And when they had eaten up all the corn, which they had brought out of Egypt, Jacob said to his sons: Go again, and buy us a little food.
In the meantime there arose a new king over Egypt, that knew not Joseph. And he said to his people: Behold the people of the children of Israel are numerous and stronger than we. Come let us wisely oppress them, lest they multiply: and if any war shall rise against us, join with our enemies, and having overcome us, depart out of the land.
In the meantime we drank a lot of salt water.
In the meantime you can just put on a sweater if you're cold.
In the meantime, I play for high stakes.
In the meantime, a lot of things happened.
In the meantime, a rethink has begun.
In the meantime, cut the bread into cubes and fry them in hot oil.
In the meantime, he went to sleep.
In the meantime, let's listen to some music.
In the meantime, outside the palace walls, the poor White Duck swam up and down the pond.
In the meantime, people still need electricity — and lots of it. According to the International Energy Agency, between now and the year 2050, the global demand for energy will triple, requiring an investment of about $350 trillion in energy infrastructure. How much of a role, if any, nuclear power will play is a question whose answer may lie in the smouldering ruins of the Fukushima reactors.
In the meantime, she began to cry.
In the meantime, the fire went out and the frost crept into the bones of the waiting children.
In the meantime, the main problem has not disappeared.
In the meantime, the majority of the Germans demand Wulff's resignation.
In the meantime, the majority of the Germans demand that Wulff resign.
In the meantime, we have gotten three cats.
In the meantime, we learnt from our mistakes.
In the meanwhile all the fairies began to give their gifts to the Princess. The youngest gave her for her gift that she should be the most beautiful person in the world; the next, that she should have the wit of an angel; the third, that she should be able to do everything she did gracefully; the fourth, that she should dance perfectly; the fifth, that she should sing like a nightingale; and the sixth, that she should play all kinds of musical instruments to the fullest perfection.
In the meanwhile all the palace had woke up with the Princess; every one thought upon his own business, and as they were not in love, they were ready to die of hunger.
In the meanwhile, Lady Ashton, her husband, and their assistants in vain sought Lucy in the bridal bed and in the chamber.
In the mid-1960s, she set up a committee of astronomers and engineers to envision a telescope that could accomplish important scientific goals.
In the mid-1980s, restoration workers began the time-consuming process of returning the carousel and its animals to their original, brilliant appearance.
In the mid-1990s, Ames came ashore and went to work as executive director of the Maine Gillnetters Association.
In the mid-1990s, the Algerian army drove the terrorist groups out of urban areas.
In the mid-20th century, the rest of the world gained independence from Western imperialism.
In the middle of Edmundo's fifth hour class, which was Berber, he had to go to the bathroom.
In the middle of November, I began to worry.
In the middle of a lesson I often looked outside.
In the middle of a pond on a tiny island is a charming little duck house.
In the middle of class I often looked outside.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
In the middle of the city, there is a fountain.
In the middle of the crowd I chanced to catch a sight of Madonna.
In the middle of the day, the sun sent its warm, pleasant rays into the valley, which transformed the expressions on the faces of the farmers we met along the way.
In the middle of the hike, Oleg came across five guys, all of them shirtless and dirty.
In the middle of the lake lies the island.
In the middle of the library there was a table completely covered with magazines.
In the middle of the night, Algiers streets are quiet.
In the middle of the night, I'll suddenly wake up feeling worried.
In the middle of the night, in a deserted city, you can get the impression of being completely alone in the world.
In the middle of the night, this neighborhood of Algiers is wide awake.
In the middle of the pizza, there was a pea.
In the middle of the spider's web sat a spider.
In the middle of the table stood a vase of roses.
In the middle of the terrace was a small ivory bed covered in lynx skin with pillows made of parrot feathers.
In the middle of the test, my stomach started growling. I was embarrassed.
In the middle of the tour, they became separated from the main group.
In the middle of the village is a church.
In the middle of the village, there's a spring.
In the middle of the wall at the back of the room is a large window.
In the middle of this opening was a house built of the bones of the wrecked; there sat the witch, letting a toad eat out of her mouth.
In the middle the ice is nicely dark and smooth, but along the edge of the canal there is bomb ice. If you step on it, it breaks and you hear a lot of noise.
In the midst of a chess match we rarely have hunches about—or bother trying to guess—the detailed thinking of our opponent; we expect her to see what’s there to be.
In the midst of global warming, Qantas created “Flights to nowhere”.
In the midst of its empty, endless hall of snow was a frozen lake, broken on its surface into a thousand forms; each piece resembled another, from being in itself perfect as a work of art, and in the centre of this lake sat the Snow Queen, when she was at home.
In the midst of the dollar falling hard against the Yen and other major Eastern currencies the Chinese Yuan, with China effectively taking a 'dollar peg' policy, has become cheap.
In the midst of the dollar falling hard against the Yen and other major Eastern currencies the Chinese Yuan, with China effectively taking a ’dollar peg’ policy, has become cheap.
In the midst of this, it is IT that has made great progress.
In the modern age, humans are detached.
In the month of Elul, Jews ask the Lord for forgiveness.
In the moonlight, the shepherd sang old tunes, leading his flock across the tranquil moors.
In the more successful of the two trials, carried out in Germany, varying doses of the live-attenuated vaccine, weakened by a chemotherapy agent, were injected into 27 healthy volunteers, while another group of 15 was given a placebo.
In the morning Bucklaw rushed into his host's apartment with a loud halloo, which might have awaked the dead.
In the morning I always drink a cup of coffee.
In the morning I always drink a cup of tea.
In the morning I always wake up around seven o'clock.
In the morning I always wake up around seven o’clock.
In the morning I get up and read my local newspaper; then I am informed. Before noon I read the national newspapers; then I am energized. And in the evening I read the "Bayernkurier"; then I am anaesthetized.
In the morning I get up at 7 in order to go to work.
In the morning I greet people with "Good morning." That's an abbreviation for "I wish you a good morning" or "Have a good morning".
In the morning I like to drink coffee.
In the morning I like to eat breakfast at home.
In the morning I try to write down all the dreams I remember from the night before.
In the morning I usually drink coffee, in the evening I drink tea.
In the morning I usually have a soft-boiled egg.
In the morning I went on another walk through the castle park.
In the morning everyone runs, the news comes in the evening.
In the morning he too was found dead.
In the morning it was very cold.
In the morning of the 10th of February of 2022, on my way to a breakfast of pizza and iced tea, a strange man was bicycling in the background, as his long dark-green jacket flapped in the wind behind him, like a vampire on a bicycle.
In the morning of the 12th of March of 2022, I took a long route going to the cafe. I saw Eurasian children with brownish hair in the Lulu Island neighbourhood. I saw that the cherry blossoms had not yet bloomed in the school yard. I sat in the gazebo to gaze at the grey-sky landscape. I saw my big neighbour in a grey jacket and black pants, as he looked like promenading fat Maitreya Buddha. At the cafe, drinking my iced black tea, I chatted with the brunette barista Sarah from Montreal about how the cherry blossoms seemed late this year. I went to the quiet pizzeria, and Rose the Filipina was unusually there on a Saturday. Eating pizza, her son John-Paul was there, who did not want to go to martial-arts class today, because of feeling too lazy. I ate a slice and drank cold diet cola.
In the morning of the 13th of January of 2022, I drank a glass of black iced tea at the cafe. I was observing a big, husky white man in blue, as he sat with his laptop by the window.
In the morning of the 14th of January of 2022, at the cafe, two old men at the next table talked about sad adult things. I was just sitting, drinking my black iced tea. Everybody else was looking at their laptop or cellphone. I just like watching people, as cafe enthusiasts in the Old World do.
In the morning of the 16th of March of 2022, I woke up from a dream about a grand amusement park where people did make-believe that they were really in a colony on Mars. The setting was a town that was a kind of bizarre fusion of Zanzibar and Hawaii. It was rustic and believable!
In the morning of the 21st of February of 2022, on my way to the pizzeria, I saw a thickset bearded man in black, as he pumped a tire of his car at the gas station. At the cafe, there were brown men. I drank a cold pistachio latte using oat milk.
In the morning of the 21st of January of 2022, at the cafe, I saw that hunky man again that I saw previously, this time sitting with his red laptop at his usual spot near the window. He wore a red hooded jacket with a "W" on it and bulging dark grey pants. I was drinking iced black tea and eating potato chips.
In the morning of the 23rd of February of 2022, there was a student crowd at the cafe, where I drank my iced black tea. Dirk, a big-bodied man, was there to order coffee and took it to a table outside. At the pizzeria, I had a pesto slice and a clear colorless effervescent drink.
In the morning of the 26th of January of 2022, at the cafe, whilst I was drinking iced black tea, a young well-built man came in, wearing a blue jacket, brown-yellow pants, and a black backpack.
In the morning of the 26th of March of 2023, Greg and I, both Filipinos, were talking in the teahouse, as I had my nth order of Strawberry Oat Matcha Latte and Greg, having already finished his coffee, attended to his newspapers and magazines. The barista at the cashier was Stefania, a beautiful black-haired Italian with an accent. Marlin, my Filipina friend, was sitting at a corner near the window. Near the counter stood a handsome head-shaven Japanese-looking man who was fluent in English. Greg and I discussed martial arts. There were the karate, judo, aikido, and kendo in Japan. There was the kung fu in China. There was the capoeira in Brazil. There was the arnis de mano in the Philippines. We mentioned Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan, famous martial artists in the movie industry.
In the morning of the 27th of February of 2022, on my way out of my Lulu Island house, I saw my neighbours the redhead Rochelle of Russian-Mennonite ancestry and the grey-haired moustached Al from the Anglophone section of Montreal; he was from many generations of Canadians. He said that he did not know French, when he lived in Montreal. I ate a slice of pesto cheese pizza at the pizzeria. The vendor was from Mumbai. Through the window, I could see a young brown-blond-haired man in a dark-grey hooded jacket and blue shorts, which made him look like a "big boy." At the cafe, there was an under-age-30 crowd of ten outside, of whom one looked like a handsome Jew. Inside was a table of five or six over-age-30 people, of whom one was a handsome tomboy in a dark-green jacket and army-green pants. I drank my iced black tea. Heading out of the cafe, I saw the "big boy" smoking in the wooded park. I took the long route home, through the grassy school field littered with goose poop, the northern snowcapped mountains obscured by clouds, an Animistic-Buddhistic view seemingly of a different planet. Near my house, parked in a truck were Olivia and Daniel. Olivia was studying Biochemistry. In the back seat of the truck was a fully black German Shepherd.
In the morning of the 27th of January of 2022, there was a tall handsome dark-haired man with his little Eurasian daughter, both sitting at a front table in the cafe.
In the morning of the 28th of January of 2022, whilst I was eating my pizza and drinking my iced tea in the pizzeria, peering through the side window, I could see a handsome bearded man in orange labourer's overalls.
In the morning of the 29th of January of 2022, whilst eating a mushroom pizza and drinking iced tea in the pizzeria, out through the window, I could see in the distance a bespectacled handsome man in dark greyish-black clothing, as he talked in his cellphone.
In the morning of the 2nd of February of 2022, in the pizzeria, there were two men: Mr. Animist, who wore a yellow labourer's shirt and black pants, looked like a handsome bearded Native Indian. Mr. Buddhist with a shaven head was tall in black clothing.
In the morning of the 3rd of February of 2022, on my way to the pizzeria, I saw a handsome stocky man in a grey tracksuit enter his expensive grey car at the gas station. I just saw a quick glimpse.
In the morning of the 3rd of March of 2022, at the cafe, I had barbecue potato chips, a cinnamon coffee cake, and iced black tea. I saw an ex-barista, the Mexican Lizbeth, who now teaches dancing. I thought that she had moved out of Lulu Island, as I had not seen her for a long time. Max, a Chinese barista, in green, sat at my table, as she did her psychology homework on her laptop before her shift started. Later in the morning after eleven o'clock, I returned to the mall, to the pizzeria, for a pesto cheese pizza slice and iced tea.
In the morning of the 5th of February of 2022, on my way to the pizzeria and cafe, I saw a good-looking man in black clothing and black baseball cap, as he was vaping near the pub and carrying a box of cups of coffee. At the cafe, a strong, thickset man in black entered to get his coffee.
In the morning of the 5th of March of 2022, I ate at the pizzeria and drank iced black tea at the cafe, where Rob with now long brown hair, with a black sweater and orange worker pants, entered to greet me and Don, sitting at separate tables. A brown man in a white T-shirt and sleeveless black vest came to get coffee, his muscular arms writhing. I spent a minute in the woods. As I approached my house, I waved to Derek my Filipino neighbour in a green tracksuit, his mesomorphic silhouette showing. In the sunny afternoon, going back to the pizzeria, I saw, on the other side of the main road, a whole Jewish family with children, all wearing Sabbath synagogue attire. I waved to Gurpreet the Sikh at the gasoline station. At the pizzeria's front, a thickset bicyclist in black parked and locked his bicycle. I ate a pizza slice and drank a cold diet cola. Northbound, homebound, I could see the snowcapped mountains. Near my home, I waved to my Fijian multiracial neighbours, the grandson Darius and his grandmother Moli, whose name meant "orange" in Fijian.
In the morning of the 5th of September of 2022, at the Lulu Island café, Greg and I discuss sociopolitical and anthropological issues. Firstly, Greg shows me his brown pocket Modern-English Bible. I tell him that I have a big purple Tagalog Bible and a dark-blue pocket Jehovah's Witnesses' Tagalog Bible. We both know that in both English and Tagalog, there are various versions of the Bible. Then we talk about Alaska, once Russian territory, and the big Mississippi River Basin, once French territory. I tell Greg about the teleseries, Anash and the Legacy of the Sun-Rock, about the life of native Tlingit tribespeople in contact with Russians in southern Alaska and northern BC. I know that not just in BC, there are handsome hybrid children from Europeans and First Nations mixing. We talk about Brazil, which, I say, has three main blending peoples, whites, reds, and blacks. The Philippines is different from Brazil, where there are Nordics, not just Mediterraneans, amongst whites. There are Mexican-looking Filipinos in the café. From my Filipino friend Chris S., a linguist, I hear about a "Mexipino Fest" held on the 3rd of this month in Santa Cruz in California, as Filipinos and Mexicans celebrated their rich cultures. I may want to be a "Mexipino," so I should practice my Spanish, of which I do know a lot already. I am reading Bram Stoker's Drácula in Spanish, as Halloween approaches. I am also reading an Esperanto book, Memoraĵoj de kampara knabo, by Xosé Neira Vilas.
In the morning of the 9th of November of 2021, as I entered the cafe, a muscular white man with black hair in grey and blue clothing entered before me. As it was full inside, I had to drink my iced oat milk at a table outside. Then, I ate two slices of pizza at my friend Rose's pizzeria. Nearby, a big labourer exclaimed, "You think the Netherlands is a different province..."
In the morning sharp cries from parrots break the silence.
In the morning the mind is fresh.
In the morning the mind is fresher.
In the morning the water was frozen.
In the morning the whole commune seems abuzz with activity, but as the sun climbs, the energy falls, and a languid mood takes hold after the midday meal.
In the morning there were three pieces, and now there's one.
In the morning you have breakfast, you have lunch mid-afternoon, you have a snack during the day, and in the evening you have dinner.
In the morning, Algiers teems with office workers.
In the morning, Daniel woke up to the sound of countless notifications.
In the morning, David delivered newspapers.
In the morning, David looked terrible.
In the morning, I cannot eat fruit.
In the morning, I drink a cup of tea in bed.
In the morning, I get up around eight o'clock.
In the morning, I just want to have a leisurely start.
In the morning, I like to put honey on my toast.
In the morning, I was woken up by the telephone.
In the morning, I write in the park.
In the morning, I'm taking the first ferry to Greece.
In the morning, Rafael and I had iced blueberry tea and tofu in mint sauce at the teahouse.
In the morning, Sandra eats a slice of bread and drinks a cup of coffee.
In the morning, Tom drinks a cup of tea or coffee.
In the morning, Vasilissa dug a deep hole in the ground and buried the skull.
In the morning, he was still in a bad mood.
In the morning, heavy snow fell, and then it melted.
In the morning, it is good to touch barefoot the dew on the grass.
In the morning, she called her office to say that she was taking a day off.
In the morning, the air is cool.
In the morning, the birds started to sing.
In the morning, the mountains are shrouded in autumn mists.
In the morning, the pain was excruciating.
In the morning, the phone won't stop ringing.
In the morning, the playing field was deserted.
In the morning, the sky was clear; now it's cloudy.
In the morning, the telephone does not stop ringing.
In the morning, the witch gave the girl two pieces of linen to weave before night, and the boy a pile of wood to cut into chips.
In the morning, there are a lot of people at the railway station.
In the morning, there are usually a lot of people at the railway station.
In the morning, there was a heavy rain.
In the morning, there was heavy snow.
In the morning, we clear the futon.
In the morning, we found a stranded dolphin.
In the morning, we had a violent storm.
In the morning, we put away our futons.
In the mornings I'm very lazy and don't want to do anything.
In the mosque, Sami sat on the floor.
In the mosque, men and women pray separately.
In the mosque, the imam leads the prayer.
In the most bombastic manner we call this the "richest nation on earth," and boast of our "untold millions of surplus products," while in fact we are always within a few months of starvation and nakedness.
In the most common Western understanding, a haiku is just a poem of 5-7-5 syllables.
In the most exciting part of the book, the team recaptures the championship title.
In the most secret chamber of the castle lay the greatest treasure on earth—the Book of Truth.
In the mountain area, snow has fallen more than fifty centimeters deep.
In the mountains it is not until the end of April that the snow disappears completely from the ground.
In the mountains lives a tiger which has lost its roar.
In the mountains there is a lot of snow.
In the mountains, the bristlecones face high winds and extreme temperatures.
In the moutain lives a tiger which lost its roar.
In the movie theater one is not allowed to smoke.
In the movie, "The Good Earth", the American actress Agnes Moorehead played the part of a Chinese woman, which would be criticized today as representing cultural appropriation.
In the movie, Ziri's wife comes across as brave.
In the movie, health problems emerge after a chemical company dumps toxic chemicals in local waters.
In the movies at the theater, the elite announces to us what is going to happen decades later.
In the movies, ghosts can walk through walls.
In the multi-storey car park, we were asked to drive at walking pace.
In the museum, sculptures from antiquity are exhibited.
In the name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful.
In the name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful.
In the name of God, The most Gracious, The most Merciful.
In the name of God, protect me from this crazy woman!
In the name of God, the Gracious, the Merciful.
In the name of God, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful".
In the name of God, what's wrong with this family?
In the name of Him who brought peace on earth and good-will to mankind, I implore—I beseech—I command you to forbear violence towards each other!
In the name of Jesus Christ, Amen.
In the name of Purity what lies are told! What queer morality it has engendered.
In the name of academic freedom, we have the right to criticize the Israeli government.
In the name of mercy, stop crying.
In the name of the Brazilian president, Luiz Inacio Lula de Silva, Claudio Soarez Rocha expressed admiration for the continuing effort which Esperanto-speaking people throughout the world are always making, for the greater spread of Esperanto. He wrote, amongst other things,"We know that in the history of mankind, there have been languages that have become intrusive as a result of political power, such as Latin, or to a certain extent French and lately, English. We very much wish, in fact, that one day Esperanto could be accepted by the majority of the nations, as a language adopted to facilitate communication without linguistic privileges."
In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit.
In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit. Amen.
In the name of the good and bountiful Creator: The Cities of Persia; in the name, power, and assistance of the Creator Ahura Mazda and good omen.
In the name of the moon, I shall punish you!
In the name of the moon, we'll punish you!
In the name of the moon, we’ll punish you!
In the name of tolerance, we should reserve the right not to tolerate intolerance.
In the name of what is written.
In the nativity scene, the birth of Jesus Christ is depicted with ceramic figurines.
In the natural world, danger lurks in every corner.
In the near future, he will get his just deserts.
In the near future, space travel will no longer be just a dream.
In the near future, we may have a big earthquake in Japan.
In the near future, we will be able to put an end to AIDS.
In the near vacuum of space, there is no air or ambient temperature, since there is no air.
In the negative, right and left, black and white are reversed.
In the neighbouring street is a popular restaurant.
In the new exhibit, “Natural History of Horror,” the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County explains the link between art and reality, and shows how filmmakers looked to science and archeology as inspiration for hair-raising movie monsters.
In the new factory, a car is assembled every ten minutes.
In the new year, the trains will run all night.
In the next country that Tom visited, there lived very large people.
In the next election, the Democratic Party is expected to get the better of the Republican Party.
In the next four years, 15 billion euro must be saved.
In the next four years, 15 billion euros must be saved.
In the next four years, â‚¬15,000,000,000 must be saved.
In the next four years, €15,000,000,000 must be saved.
In the next update, the developers are going to add to more romance options for the main character.
In the next world, we'll sleep off.
In the night a burglar broke into the apartment and stole my wife's fur coat.
In the night a burglar broke into the apartment and stole my wife’s fur coat.
In the night of the 9th of November of 2021, as I entered the cafe to get my iced green tea, a hunky man sat at a table, as he fiddled with his laptop. As I sat at a table by the window, Michael the Guǎngzhōu Man entered and ordered his coffee. We sat together talking. He said that he was flying off tomorrow to visit China for six months. We talked about Thailand, a favourite topic. The food is excellent there. Thai and Vietnamese women have nice personalities, I emphasized. On parting, he gave me a cup of instant noodles. On my way home, I saw Rod my white neighbour. He said that he just retired from his water recycling job. He needs a hobby, we both agreed. I emphasized that the Web has many hobby opportunities.
In the night the moon shines and the stars glitter and twinkle.
In the night, I once again had the same dream.
In the night, the moon shines and stars glisten and twinkle. In the evening is twilight: in the morning the break of day and the dawn.
In the nineteen twenties, during the Prohibition era, the United States banned alcohol. Poplar Island was used to produce it illegally. But this did not last. A local lawman poured the alcohol into the bay.
In the nineteenth century, Argentina didn't seem to have many slavers compared to other countries in America.
In the nineteenth century, many Africans were sold as slaves in the United States.
In the nineteenth century, the Russian poet Alexander Pushkin wrote the poem "Ruslan and Ludmila."
In the nineties, every computer started coming with a sound card, which really kicked off PC gaming.
In the ninth move of the game, White captured, with his piece at 25, two opponent pieces (on squares 20 and 09) and reached square 03. The annotation for this move would be: 9. 25 x 3.
In the nocturnal firmament, the moon glides, an argent vessel traversing the empyrean expanse, its silvery curvature a luminous arc across the celestial canvas.
In the north it is cold in winter.
In the north of Italy, doctors say they are having to make heart-breaking life-death decisions about who to treat because of limited resources.
In the north of the city is a new industrial plant.
In the north, it's cold in the winter.
In the north, it's cold in winter.
In the north, there's Scotland; in the south, England; in the west, Wales; and further west, Northern Ireland.
In the north, there’s Scotland; in the south, England; in the west, Wales; and further west, Northern Ireland.
In the northeast Pacific, a widespread bloom of Pseudo-nitzschia algae stretched off the North American coast from southern California to British Columbia during spring and summer 2015.
In the northern countries, winter is hard.
In the northern hemisphere, November is a month of autumn.
In the novel "The poor man's son", Mouloud Feraoun used the first name of "Fouroulou" whose root comes from the verb "ffer" (to hide).
In the office, I have to wear a tie.
In the office, everyone greets each other.
In the official question collection it is explained as being "passive voice of the present continuous tense".
In the old attic we found a green mud-like substance that pulsed rhythmically and seemed to groan when we focused our flashlights on it.
In the old castle lives a ghost that is somewhat shy, as it only appears at night on weekends.
In the old days people valued selflessness. But this generation seems to make a virtue out of selfishness.
In the old days there were duels in the USA.
In the old days they'd hunt bison with bows and arrows. Now it's done with rifles.
In the old days we would go ice skating in the winter, but now we are too old.
In the old days, every child could tell the difference between good and bad.
In the old days, everything was different.
In the old days, it was customary for a gentleman to serenade his beloved.
In the old days, life was a lot simpler.
In the old days, neither telephones nor electricity existed.
In the old days, the test card was the only thing on TV at night.
In the old days, there were many who believed in supernatural beings.
In the old days, things were a lot simpler.
In the old days, when man was innocent, God sent his daughter to see the Earth.
In the old man's store, they worked day and night.
In the old man’s store, they worked day and night.
In the old tongue these characters meant 'Spirit' and 'Power'. With the passing of time their meaning changed to "No consulting hours on Wednesdays."
In the olden days, access to films and series was only possible through rentals and television.
In the olden days, people wore garters to keep their stockings from falling down.
In the one-state solution, Jews and Arabs would become citizens of the same nation with equal rights. Of course, in order for such a solution to be totally fair, the Palestinian refugees need also to be allowed back into their homeland.
In the open-to-all casino areas, the visitors would play baccarat and poker alongside handfuls of tourists from other parts of the world, usually elsewhere in Asia.
In the opening paragraphs I query the validity of so-called supply-side economic strategies.
In the opening, move only those pawns that help develop the pieces.
In the oral exam I got a C, which I'm quite happy with.
In the orchard behind their farm stood apple and pear trees.
In the other countries, they don't do that.
In the outdoor kitchen, they cook eggplant parmigiana, which instantly becomes a favorite.
In the outskirts of Quezon City, amidst a red savannah stood my house. On the lawn, there were two small artificial hills with a jocote tree beside them. On the tree hung strung circular tinted capiz shells.
In the outskirts of Quezon City, amidst a red savannah stood our house. Our lawn and lush tropical garden made it seem like an oasis.
In the oyster's DNA is the program that performs, molecule by molecule, the construction of the pearl.
In the paddock by the riding school there are two horses.
In the painting there's a company having breakfast outdoors.
In the painting, George Washington is depicted seated in uniform, rising to the heavens with a rainbow at his feet. At either side are female figures representing Liberty and Victory. Encircling him are 13 maidens, each with a star overhead, symbolizing the first states of the union. They hold a banner with the national motto in Latin, "E Pluribus Unum", or "out of many, one."
In the palace live the king and the queen.
In the palæstra cold water was used alone, and the bath was either taken direct from the basin or else the athlete stood while a friend swilled him down from a bucket.
In the parent's mind, a child grows but does not age.
In the parent’s mind, a child grows but does not age.
In the park birds are singing all around.
In the park he slept on a bench.
In the park, he opened his raincoat and displayed his penis to everyone.
In the park, some sat on benches, and others strolled about.
In the park, there are swings and a merry-go-round.
In the park, there are swings and carousels.
In the park, there are swings and merry-go-rounds.
In the parking lot, Fadil noticed a van belonging to his boss.
In the parlor lay Matthew Cuthbert in his coffin, his long gray hair framing his placid face on which there was a little kindly smile as if he but slept, dreaming pleasant dreams.
In the past I have had little respect for that client, but today she spoke cordially and listened to my point of view.
In the past I used to vote for the Democratic ticket, but from now on I'll climb on the Republican bandwagon.
In the past I used to vote for the Democratic ticket, but from now on I’ll climb on the Republican bandwagon.
In the past I used to vote the Democratic ticket, but from now on I'll climb on the Republicans' bandwagon.
In the past I used to vote the Democratic ticket, but from now on I’ll climb on the Republicans’ bandwagon.
In the past accidents have occurred where shells fell outside of the firing range area used for exercises by the JGSDF.
In the past decades, burial culture has changed a lot, at least in regions which the christian faith previously dominated with it's long lasting entrenched rules and rituals.
In the past few years, seasons have been subject to dramatic changes.
In the past few years, there has been tremendous economic diversification in Algeria.
In the past few years, warmer temperatures in summer have allowed mosquito populations to explode. So the caribou spend a lot more energy swatting away the mosquitoes. All this swatting leaves the caribou less energy to find food and prepare for the next long winter.
In the past it was perfectly normal to get the back of a teacher's hand or fist as punishment.
In the past it was perfectly normal to get the back of a teacher’s hand or fist as punishment.
In the past it was thought the world was flat.
In the past month, three houses, all in good condition, have been torn down.
In the past several years, the engine of world growth has been China.
In the past the world was thought to be a disk.
In the past the world was thought to be flat.
In the past there were conductors on town buses who would sit to the left of the doorway selling tickets to passengers.
In the past they were nothing.
In the past two decades, Midori has played with some of the world's leading orchestras, headlined her own recitals and has received critical acclaim for her recordings.
In the past week, officials have closed an infamous detention center and released 11 jailed journalists and politicians.
In the past year Tom has tightened his grip on the country's media.
In the past, American women did not have the right to vote.
In the past, Fletcher Fuel was approached by Japanese companies.
In the past, I didn't know the usefulness of eternity. But now, I realize that at least it gives us an opportunity to learn German.
In the past, I made the wrong mistake of trying too hard to get myself liked by everyone but that's just not the way to go because some people will never appreciate you for who you are and for the exterior image that you give off to people.
In the past, I played with my sister in the park.
In the past, I walked in the mornings.
In the past, I was a middle school student. Now I am a college student.
In the past, I was pretty apathetic. And I still am.
In the past, I would have thought differently.
In the past, Iranians lived on bread, but today their main food is rice.
In the past, Kabyle people used to play wrestling in public places.
In the past, Turks felt like foreigners on this street because so many international tourists were here.
In the past, a woman was only attractive if her corset created a concave curve.
In the past, all children could distinguish good from evil.
In the past, all the neighbors used to visit one another.
In the past, as many as one in four seniors went without a prescription every year because they couldn’t afford it.
In the past, each country had its own carat. It was often used for weighing gold. Beginning in the 1570s, it was used to measure weights of diamonds.
In the past, everything was different.
In the past, fans might wear a team shirt even if it wasn't "particularly attractive," Doonan says. "Now guys wear their shirt, but they want it to look cool … and go out to some bar or night spot and feel like Mr. Fabulous."
In the past, female authors had to write under male pen names in order for their works to be published without prejudice. George Sand is one of the most brilliant writers in the history of French literature.
In the past, he lived, as it seems to me, in Spain.
In the past, he would often go out at night.
In the past, in Kabylia, peasants used to eat figs and drink sour milk at lunch.
In the past, insurance companies could take advantage of you. They could deny coverage to children who had asthma or were born with a heart defect, put a lifetime cap on the amount of care they would pay for, or cancel your coverage when you got sick just by finding an accidental mistake in your paperwork. The Affordable Care Act creates a new Patient’s Bill of Rights that protects you from these and other abusive practices.
In the past, it was common for children to write in their journals. Nowadays, with the rise of computers, that seldom occurs.
In the past, it was rare for anything in Kabyle to be broadcast on Algerian television.
In the past, it's been very difficult to get tickets.
In the past, many kings kept fools. Today, many democracies keep kings.
In the past, many products were transported by boat.
In the past, more people lived on the land.
In the past, people used to go to church for a confession. Now they write on Facebook.
In the past, people used to travel by a diligence.
In the past, people went to church for confession. Nowadays they write on Facebook.
In the past, separation and divorce were frowned upon by everyone.
In the past, some people with cancer or other chronic illnesses ran out of insurance coverage because their health care expenses reached a dollar limit imposed by their insurance company. Under the health care law, insurers can no longer impose lifetime dollar limits on essential health benefits and annual limits are being phased out by 2014.
In the past, the boys were taught to fend for themselves while still very young.
In the past, the city was much more linguistically diverse.
In the past, the nightwatchmen had the key to all the doors.
In the past, the old used to be looked upon as experts in solving various problems of life.
In the past, the person couldn’t finish this work.
In the past, there used to be a blacksmith in our village.
In the past, there used to be gardens in our village.
In the past, there was never this much snow.
In the past, there were certain traditions that could not be avoided. Thus, to eat kidney, children were obliged, the very first time, to nibble it on their knees on their fathers' shins. Otherwise, it was said that there was a risk that a ganglion would appear on the child's neck or face.
In the past, there were no oral English classes in high school. Now many schools have oral communication classes.
In the past, these components were made of metal; today, they're made of plastic.
In the past, things were arranged at a glance; now we cannot do it even in war, or that's how it seems.
In the past, traditional communities saw solar eclipses as portents of disaster.
In the past, wailers were hired to cry for the deceased.
In the past, we were always barefoot.
In the past, we were not rich.
In the past, women have been barred from combat roles in the military, ergo, their opportunities for promotion have been somewhat limited.
In the past, you all used to love virtue and good deeds; why don't you love them anymore?
In the patient's body the pulse began beating again.
In the patient’s body the pulse began beating again.
In the period in question there were two such men, Cimon and Pericles, men of such eminence that we cannot pass them by unconsidered.
In the period to come, there will be a time of peace and tranquility.
In the perspective of his parents, he was perfect.
In the perspective of humanity, ten is a major number, because naturally we have 10 fingers in our hands.
In the pet store next to my house, they sell the highest-quality pet food that one can find.
In the pharmacy we can buy medicine.
In the photo, some bottles with different types of vegetable oils are seen.
In the picture, Flavio appeared to be in a bedroom.
In the picture, there are three people who can be identified by name.
In the pine forest one can see single-file lines of processionary caterpillars in springtime.
In the plains of the American Midwest, dams harness the flow of rivers like a giant faucet. The U.S. Army's Corps of Engineers, which oversees most of those dams, has prepared guidelines regulating when and how much water is released from each dam.
In the plant cell model that Mario presented, a horse chestnut took the place of the nucleus, a handful of plasticine was the cytoplasm, the organelles were represented by lentils and other beans, small bits of green pipe cleaner served as chloroplasts, and the plastic bottle that held everything was the cell membrane, surrounded by a thick papier-mâché coat for the cell wall.
In the play she doubled the parts of a maid and shop girl.
In the play, the actor suddenly transmogrified into a monster.
In the plaza they're raffling off a pig.
In the point (3, 5) on a two-dimensional Cartesian coordinate system, 3 is the abscissa and 5 is the ordinate.
In the polls, both parties are on par.
In the pool, I had a lane all to myself.
In the post office, mail is classified according to the place where it is to go.
In the post-War period, up until 1975, Emperor Showa prayed at the Yasukuni Shrine a total of 8 times.
In the postbiological era, synthetic bodies became the new home of human minds.
In the practice of the Great Way, all under Heaven was public.
In the premiere of the 10-episode show, Steenkamp shows herself as a woman who is determined, adventurous, thoughtful and considerate of other contestants — but also, a bit cheeky.
In the presence of another negative word, the word "ne" is omitted.
In the presence of my parents, he acted like a good husband.
In the present war between the United States and Spain, the Queen Regent is an impressive figure, and it is entirely owing to her charm and fortitude that the present dynasty of Spain is maintained.
In the previous bamboo and wooden house of Auntie Bella, there was a hammock on the ground floor, in which I lay swinging until I felt dizzy. Auntie and family soon moved into a cement dwelling in another part of Ibaan.
In the previous meeting, we already discussed the organizational problem within our company.
In the primary sector, you can be auto-sufficient.
In the principles of love, quick disappointments are usually described as remedies.
In the privacy of her bedroom she writes in her diary.
In the process of grammaticalization, an uninflected lexical word (or content word) is transformed into a grammar word (or function word).
In the project "Springboard to Languages," they teach Esperanto in schools in Great Britain as a propaedeutic to prepare for learning other languages.
In the quaint gazebo in the rose garden, Henry wept all afternoon.
In the quiet of a courtyard in the northern Nigerian city of Jos, a dozen people sit in a circle on white plastic chairs, talking about their affliction: lymphatic filariasis, an infectious disease also known as elephantiasis.
In the quiet room, only the sound of the old clock ticking could be heard.
In the race, Ziri fell behind everyone else.
In the rain, is it dark?
In the raining morning of the 26th of March of 2022, I ate a cheese pizza slice and drank iced diet cola at the pizzeria. On the big screen with sound off was a show about cheetahs in a savannah. In the grey afternoon, I was there again to eat a butter chicken slice and drink a cold diet cola. On the big screen was the rerun of the cheetah show. Homebound, I saw my Oriental lady neighbour pressure washing her driveway.
In the raining morning of the 30th of January of 2022, at the cafe, I was drinking my iced black tea. My friend Don walked to a front table, as we discussed his electronic-book reader, which he has had for over ten years. I have a similar device. Later, a handsome black-haired bearded man, maybe an Arab, approached the counter. He was wearing a black T-shirt and grey rugby pants. He had very hairy arms. Afterwards, I went to the pizzeria.
In the real world, good doesn't always triumph over evil.
In the real world, it doesn't matter.
In the real world, there is no such thing as justice.
In the recent years, the reputation of serving as a soldier has steadily been lowered.
In the reign of King Stephen, the Castle was seized by Baldwin de Redvers, Earl of Devon; and though the King afterwards endeavoured to dispossess him, his efforts were ineffectual.
In the relative Arnaud, in the relative!
In the religious-cult trial, the ambitious lawyer will represent the cult leader.
In the restaurant they served boiled potatoes on the side.
In the restaurant we were yesterday evening, we had to wait two hours before ordering. What a terrible establishment!
In the restaurant where we were yesterday evening, we had to wait two hours before ordering. What a terrible establishment!
In the retina of the eye, a cone has a much smaller receptive field than a rod, giving us sharper colour vision in bright conditions.
In the rider's hand was a saber.
In the room the women come and go, talking of Michelangelo.
In the room there is a table.
In the room there was a piano, but there was nobody who played it.
In the room there was nobody besides him.
In the room there were four boys, who were playing cards.
In the room, all was silent.
In the room, it is dark.
In the room, nothing remained other than an old table and worn-out chair.
In the room, there was a picture of the president.
In the run-up to one of the busiest periods of the year, the drivers are threatening to disrupt supply chains if the Spanish government does not meet its demands, which include safer rest areas and a ban on requiring truckers to load and unload goods.
In the sacred name of liberty, in the cause of brotherhood and equality, we were exhorted on every horizon to hold fast and change not.
In the same amount of time it would take me to correct all the mistakes in your report, I could write a better report myself.
In the same moment, a thought about tomorrow's work came to my mind.
In the same period, the number of urban netizens in China reached one hundred and twenty five million, making up 21.6% of the total urban population.
In the same way as Hegel, Panovsky's notion of the dialectic makes history follow a predetermined course.
In the same way as Hegel, Panovsky’s notion of the dialectic makes history follow a predetermined course.
In the same way as the aborigines of Australia throw their boomerang with inimitable dexterity and security, the Sakai manages his blowpipe with a cleverness it is impossible to imitate or learn.
In the same way, a Russian might fail to see anything amusing in a joke which would make an Englishman laugh to tears.
In the same way?
In the savanna, competition for resources is so fierce.
In the scene, Mary is a controversial and irreverent comic.
In the scheme of things, this is a very small story.
In the school of life one always remains a student.
In the schools of life, lessons never end. No student has managed to learn everything.
In the schoolyard you often see kids playing hopscotch.
In the sci-fi franchise The Expanse, human civilization extends throughout the Solar System.
In the sci-fi movie Jupiter Ascending, a more advanced space civilization looks to the Earth as a primitive backwater, somewhat like Papua New Guinea.
In the sci-fi movie Soylent Green, there is institutionalized euthanasia because of overpopulation.
In the scientific world, there is a lot of intellectual hypocrisy.
In the scorching heat, the cat is spread out lethargically on the ground.
In the sea, there are as many fish as you like.
In the sea, waves are heaving.
In the season where buds begin to bloom, disease is also said to bloom, so please take good care of yourself.
In the second Vase-room of the British Museum the painting on one of these vases represents two persons sitting on a couch, upon which is a cushion of rich material, while for the comfort of the sitters there is a footstool, probably of ivory.
In the second example, the interpreter mistranslates the salutation.
In the second half of the month, the weather will be mostly warm and dry, which is typical for our region at this time of year.
In the second half, Cameroon's Nicolas Nkoulou leveled the score with a brilliant header, then Vincent Aboubakar scored the decisive goal about three minutes before the final whistle.
In the second half, substitute players scored a series of goals, winning the team a surprise victory.
In the second half, the team adopted a new strategy.
In the second month, the seven and twentieth day of the month, the earth was dried.
In the second place, if we do not go, someone else will read the inscription on the stone and find happiness, and we shall have lost it all.
In the second-person singular, the perfect active indicative of "laudare" is "laudavisti".
In the selfsame day Noah, and Sem, and Cham, and Japheth his sons: his wife, and the three wives of his sons with them, went into the ark.
In the selfsame day Noe, and Sem, and Cham, and Japheth, his sons: his wife, and the three wives of his sons with them, went into the ark.
In the sequence of life, we face many challenges.
In the seventh century, the Indian mathematician Brahmagupta found the smallest positive integer solution to the equation x²-92y²=1.
In the seventies, the Japanese economy made a remarkable leap.
In the shack lived a family of eight that slept on the ground.
In the shade of the house, in the sunshine of the riverbank near the boats, in the shade of the Sal-wood forest, in the shade of the fig tree is where Siddhartha grew up, the handsome son of the Brahman, the young falcon, together with his friend Govinda, son of a Brahman.
In the shade of the wood, the thermometer shows only 24°C, but out in the field, where there's no cover, the heat is unbearable.
In the shadow of humility, arrogance wilts faster than a rose without a stem.
In the shadow of sleek new expressways and gleaming high-rise buildings sit wooden shacks with rusting corrugated iron roofs and festering open sewers.
In the shadow of the Leaning Tower of Pisa sits the town storyteller, eating a bowl of pea soup. After that he tells some children the fairy tale "The Princess and the Pea".
In the shaft, people mine.
In the shantytowns of Africa and India, many people have smartphones. Advanced technology is ubiquitous.
In the shop, we sell Jamaican flowers.
In the short time Tom was away from his desk, Mary scribbled something in his textbook.
In the short time they’ve known her, the couple have already learned a lot about their canine companion, including the fact that she’s a picky eater.
In the short-term, Norfolk has responded with flood walls, powerful pumping stations, drains and storm pipes. And in hotspots, houses and roads are being raised and wetlands allowed to regrow. Assistant city manager Ron Williams is charged with projects like the highway across from Norfolk’s medical center. When it’s done, the road will be one-half meter higher.
In the sight of God, all men are equal.
In the six hundredth year of Noah’s life, in the second month, the seventeenth day of the month, on that day all the fountains of the great deep were broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened.
In the six hundredth year of Noah’s life, on the seventeenth day of the second month – on that day all the springs of the great deep burst forth, and the floodgates of the heavens were opened.
In the six hundredth year of the life of Noah, in the second month, in the seventeenth day of the month, all the fountains of the great deep were broken up, and the floodgates of heaven were opened.
In the sixteenth century, Ottoman Turks attempted to construct a canal in Egypt to unite the Mediterranean Sea and the Red Sea.
In the sixteenth century, Turkish and Spanish pirates were often encountered in the Mediterranean.
In the sixties, the work week was forty two hours.
In the sky appeared a ray of light.
In the sky there appeared a ray of light.
In the sky, a ray of light appeared.
In the sky, there appeared a ray of sunlight.
In the slalom event, his skis hit almost every pole on the slope.
In the sleepy mountain city of Kalofer in central Bulgaria, dozens of men dressed in traditional white embroidered shirts waded into the icy Tundzha River on Monday waving national flags and singing folk songs.
In the small town where I grew up, everybody knows everybody.
In the smaller hospitals in close-knit communities, doctors often had to deny treatment to neighbors and friends.
In the smoking room, there were always parties of gentlemen playing euchre, draughts and dominoes.
In the snow, the white rabbit was invisible.
In the snow, the white rabbit was not visible.
In the snow, the white rabbits were invisible.
In the so-called golden age of bathing, people of means flocked to bathhouse palaces for the pampering. Others went to bathhouses in remote mountain towns in the belief that their mineral-rich waters, bubbling from springs deep beneath the earth, offered curative powers. Treatments at bathhouse spas were said to cure everything from nervousness to gout to syphilis.
In the soccer world, new stars shine like comets.
In the society with the fastest aging population, the welfare of the elderly is an urgent problem that must be fixed.
In the south of China, the situation is different.
In the south, Algeria has some of the world's most inaccessible places.
In the southern city of Melbourne, an X-ray of an unclaimed suitcase revealed 11 kilograms of uncooked turkey.
In the southern hemisphere, it's the other way round.
In the southern hemisphere, where Brazil is located, spring begins today.
In the southern part the situation is somewhat different.
In the southern region, sales were up 47 percent.
In the space hotel, as the aria pounded its melodies on the stage, the view of colourful Jupiter framed itself behind.
In the space station Deep Space Nine, I want to eat jamja sticks and play dom-jot.
In the special forces, the first thing you lose is your self-esteem. They'll make you hate yourself. Then they'll make you hate the others. Then, they'll teach you how to harm without having any compassion to the others.
In the special forces, they also teach you how to eat shit and how to love eating it.
In the special forces, they teach you a lot of military skills. You learn a lot of things, and you got to learn fast.
In the speech, he referred to the strength of the company.
In the sphere of thought, absurdity and perversity remain the masters of the world, and their dominion is suspended only for brief periods.
In the spoken parts of the track, you can hear her Mackem accent.
In the spring of 1847, the first group of Mormons ventured out onto the Plains and arrived in the Valley of the Great Salt Lake in July of that same year.
In the spring the dandelions grow and bloom profusely.
In the spring, migratory birds go back north from the south.
In the spring, nature turns green.
In the spring, the fields are covered with dandelions.
In the spring, the ice drift accelerated significantly.
In the spring, the ice drifted significantly faster.
In the spring, the migratory birds go back north from the south.
In the spring, the steppe comes to life.
In the spring, we get much more sun.
In the spring, when all the trees in the park are in bloom, the ghost of a woman in a white robe is sometimes seen above the water.
In the spring, when the days grew longer and the sun warmer, she waited for the first robin to return from the south.
In the square, a crowd had gathered round the buskers and was listening to them.
In the stainless southwest sky, a great crystal-white star was shining like a lamp of guidance and promise.
In the starting position of the game, White has the rooks in a1 and h1, the knights in b1 and g1, the bishops in c1 and f1, the queen in d1, and the king in e1. Its eight pawns occupy the second row of the board, from a2 to h2.
In the starting position of the game, black has the rooks on a8 and h8, the knights on b8 and g8, the bishops on c8 and f8, the queen on d8 and the king on e8. Its eight pawns occupy the seventh row of the board, from a7 to h7.
In the starting position of the game, white has the king on a black square and black has the king on a white square.
In the starting position of the game, white has the queen on a white square and black has the queen on a black square.
In the state of Louisiana in the United States many people still speak French.
In the steppe, we live in yurts.
In the stifling atmosphere, I can barely breath.
In the still of the night I find peace and contentment.
In the stillness, clarity blooms.
In the stomach of the dead person, I found traces of an unknown substance.
In the store, there's not a soul to listen to us.
In the store, they bought the necessities and the superfluous.
In the stratosphere, roughly 7 to 25 miles above Earth’s surface, the ozone layer acts like sunscreen, shielding the planet from potentially harmful ultraviolet radiation that can cause skin cancer and cataracts, suppress immune systems and also damage plants.
In the street was total silence.
In the street, flags are flying.
In the street, vans roared past him; brutality blared out on placards; men were trapped in mines; women burnt alive; and once a maimed file of lunatics being exercised or displayed for the diversion of the populace (who laughed aloud), ambled and nodded and grinned past him, in the Tottenham Court Road, each half apologetically, yet triumphantly, inflicting his hopeless woe.
In the strict sense of the term, a true democracy has never existed, and never will exist. It is against natural order that the great number should govern and that the few should be governed.
In the strict sense, tomatoes are a fruit.
In the study, researchers identified the three genes tucked within the parasite's enormous genome that allow it to enter the bloodstream. By knocking out those genes, says Kappe, the altered parasite remained confined to the liver and the immune system began churning out protective antibodies.
In the style of conceited people, he lards his sentences with ill-digested English words. A kind of failed dandy, deprived of class.
In the suburbs of Cape Town, South Africa, baboons are considered by many residents to be unwelcome pests.
In the sultry weather, sweat ran down her forehead, dampening her eyebrows.
In the summer I always sleep with the window open.
In the summer I go to the pool every day.
In the summer I go to the sea and in winter I go to the mountain.
In the summer I leave the city.
In the summer I like to swim naked in the pond.
In the summer I sweat a lot, and my armpits get smelly.
In the summer I wear short-sleeved shirts.
In the summer Marina and I went to a karaoke together.
In the summer it's very hot in southern Spain.
In the summer it's warm and the sun is shining.
In the summer it’s very hot in southern Spain.
In the summer months Tom has to water his garden early in the morning to keep the plants alive.
In the summer of 2011, when Caine Monroy was nine, he won a miniature basketball hoop from playing an arcade game.
In the summer of 2014, I stayed in Kabylie.
In the summer of that year, more Japanese troops moved into China.
In the summer the humidity is high.
In the summer there's nothing nicer than drinking a beer.
In the summer when I met her at the bus station, I felt in love with her.
In the summer, Algeria is something else entirely.
In the summer, I go to the sea, and in the winter, to the mountains.
In the summer, I go to the sea. In the winter, I go to the mountains.
In the summer, I leave the city.
In the summer, I wear cotton shirts.
In the summer, I wear short-sleeve shirts.
In the summer, ants gather food for the winter.
In the summer, days are long and nights are short.
In the summer, eggs go bad quickly.
In the summer, eggs soon go bad.
In the summer, it dawns earlier than in the winter.
In the summer, it is very hot here.
In the summer, it's very hot here.
In the summer, it's very humid.
In the summer, many go to the seaside.
In the summer, most of the rivers dry up.
In the summer, people go to the beach.
In the summer, people go to the seaside.
In the summer, she goes to the sea.
In the summer, the beach is incredibly busy.
In the summer, the city was flooded with tourists.
In the summer, the days are long and the nights are short.
In the summer, the retractable roof of the pool is opened.
In the summer, the sun tends to rise around 5:10 to 5:30.
In the summer, the temperature ranges from thirty to forty degrees Celsius.
In the summer, there are mosquitos.
In the summer, they used to play on the beach all day long.
In the summer, we enjoy outdoor sports.
In the summer, we followed a recipe for a casserole with cauliflower and ham that we liked a lot.
In the summer, we're used to going swimming in the river.
In the summer, we’re used to going swimming in the river.
In the summer, when the wind blows, ripe wheat moves like golden waves.
In the summers, I cut clothes at the tailor's shop.
In the summers, I cut clothes at the tailor’s shop.
In the summertime, you can see seaplanes being filled with water from reservoirs to contain forest fires.
In the sunlight my head started to spin, and I lay down to have a rest on the grass.
In the sunny afternoon of the 21st of January of 2022, I ate two pizzas at the pizzeria, and at the cafe, I drank a pistachio latte with oat milk. There, a hunky man came in, wearing a black baseball cap, a grey hooded jacket, and beige shorts.
In the sunny afternoon of the 24th of February of 2022, on my way to the cafe, I saw bearded Brian in front of the pub, as he talked about poutine with bacon served inside the establishment. At the cafe, I drank my usual iced black tea. There were handsome men in green and black, or in grey, or in black. There were many students. A couple of girls carried multicoloured flowers. Hans the Netherlander astronomy buff talked about the ongoing politics with Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Coincidentally, a family of Russian-speaking Eurasians just from the barbershop, owned by a Middle Easterner, passed through the cafe. The cafe ambiance was not exactly like in Ten Forward, the crew lounge in the Star Trek franchise.
In the sunny afternoon, today the 21st of August of 2022, my family sipped some King Arthur's Dry Mead from Chinook Arch Meadery. For many years, I've wondered what mead or honey wine would taste like, as I know that our surname in would-be Esperanto means "mead frog"—"medo" plus "rano"—"Medrano." It's like a drunken amphibian. Ancient Egyptians consumed mead, and ancient Beowulf and Tolkien writings mention it.
In the sunny blue-sky morning of the 13th of April of 2023, I was sitting in the teahouse drinking my iced black tea. Lizbeth the Mexican came through the door, and we greeted each other, she still teaching Dance Fitness and Zumba at several schools here on Lulu Island. I suppose some people at the teahouse miss the noisy patois of Taglish of Greg and me. I was just reading my Japanese-language fantasy book Tabi no Nakama, or The Fellowship of the Ring, of the famous J.R.R. Tolkien. Walking back to my house, I saw Nikki the Cypriot Greek and her Korean neighbour, as they continued their six rounds around the neighbourhood block.
In the sunny morning of the 24th of March of 2022, I was drinking iced black tea at the cafe. A tallish handsome man in a tracksuit speedily came in and out to get his coffee. I went to the sandwich shop to eat a tuna sandwich and drink black coffee. I saw Michael the Dane-French on a bench outside, as he did his ritualistic crossword puzzle. I told him that my paternal grandmother, who died at 99, had the same hobby. Then, Michael recounted the time he visited his New Brunswick paternal grandmother, who spoke in Danish for an hour; he could barely understand. Then, "like the flick of a light switch," she switched to English. She died at 94. In the afternoon, I ate pizza at the pizzeria. Homebound, I saw Michael again in the alleyway. We noticed a majestic eagle was flying above in the sky.
In the sunny morning of the 6th of February of 2022, on my way to the pizzeria, I saw a bare-chested man in shorts running. Then, I ate two pizzas and drank iced tea with lots of ice.
In the supermarket, they wouldn't take my credit card.
In the surroundings reigned absolute silence.
In the table, the napkins are placed at right of the plates.
In the tavern we do not think how we will be dust, but rush to gamble at dice, which always makes us sweat.
In the teeth of their strong opposition, we carried out our plan.
In the temple courts he found men selling cattle, sheep and doves, and others sitting at tables.
In the temple.
In the tent we talked and talked.
In the tenth century, the city of Shiraz already held a library that reputedly featured a copy of every known book at the time.
In the terraforming of Venus, the atmosphere was diluted, oxygen was added, and carbon dioxide was reduced.
In the terrarium lived a millipede with a shiny carapace.
In the territories the Daesh terrorists controlled, they used cutting-edge violence in order to rebuild a new society from the ground up.
In the test set, the neural network correctly identified true planets and false positives 96 percent of the time.
In the theater.
In the theory of knowledge, as in every other branch of science, we must think dialectically, that is, we must not regard our knowledge as ready-made and unalterable, but must determine how knowledge emerges from ignorance, how incomplete, inexact knowledge becomes more complete and more exact.
In the thermocline, temperature decreases rapidly from the mixed upper layer of the ocean (called the epipelagic zone) to much colder deep water in the thermocline (called the mesopelagic zone).
In the third dimension you see yourself as a separate entity in comparison to other people and the universe.
In the third month of the departure of Israel out of the land of Egypt, on this day they came into the wilderness of Sinai.
In the third week, Mary enters the park, sits on the same bench, and reads the same book.
In the three months since the beginning of the pandemic, demand for mental health resources has skyrocketed, according to the National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI), which reported 41% more calls and emails to their hotline from March 1 to April 23 compared to the same period in 2019.
In the throes of delirium, Tom claimed that he was not Tom, but the king of Spain.
In the time of my grandfather there was no Berber language, there was only the Kabyle language.
In the time of the Romans, they spoke Latin.
In the time of the Vikings, Greenland was a lot greener than it is today.
In the time of the coronavirus, Vietnam has retooled a smartphone factory to churn out life-critical ventilators.
In the time set aside for review, I try to correct any mistakes made.
In the tourist season, many hotels raise prices.
In the town there was a measure of peace.
In the trade this is generally regarded as a nasty underhand jab at the British cigar industry.
In the trees, the birds were singing.
In the tropics, there are only two seasons.
In the tumbler, the cylinder form is tapered.
In the tunnel, cars and trucks are exploding.
In the twentieth century, chess enabled computer scientists to create intelligent machines.
In the twenty years since fibromyalgia was identified and given a name, much has been written about the disease. Much free and well-documented information about the disease is available. And groups have been created to help doctors who treat the disease and patients who suffer from it.
In the twinkling of an eyelid, the Cat leaped on the blackbird, and ate him, feathers and all.
In the twisted mind of a narcissistic sociopath like Yanni, a life has no value.
In the two years before Brexit, the number of people in the UK who considered themselves happy dropped by 15%.
In the two years he spent as a professor of Spanish in Paris, he trod a dangerous path with the French authorities.
In the underground, to double-cross any member means sure death.
In the unlikely event that I failed, what would my parents say?
In the upcoming week I have to go to the doctor to have my sick leave extended.
In the upper elevations of Arizona, there was a forest of tall Ponderosa pine trees.
In the upper left corner it says "For sale".
In the vacation, I read the entire works of Milton.
In the valley, the violets came out early.
In the vast Sunderbans delta that spans eastern India and Bangladesh, coastal erosion due to rising sea levels has been slowly carving away chunks of its low-lying islands, forcing thousands of people to relocate, according to climate experts.
In the vast state along the Pacific Ocean, officials said that 150,000 residents have been displaced as high winds and tinder-dry conditions have helped fuel blazes that have torched more than 1,000 square kilometers of forest lands, residential communities and business districts.
In the venue, it was pure silence.
In the very desire for help one is apt to forget that the objective should be to enable the individual to stand on his own feet.
In the veterinary clinic, the sick dog was put to sleep.
In the video, David acts completely different.
In the video, Ziri changed his friends' names to fun nicknames.
In the video, a man stops to let a cat cross the street.
In the view of the doctor, there are no grounds for optimism.
In the villa, there's a large baroque room.
In the village it's quieter, than in the city.
In the village there are no thieves.
In the village we still heat our homes with wood.
In the village, they walked naked.
In the village.
In the villages of Kabylie, Algeria, women collect spring water every afternoon.
In the vintage TV sci-fi series Space: 1999, there was an episode about an advanced alien civilization whose preoccupation was meditating in crystalline cubicles. The show was from the 1970s.
In the wagon were a few tools and some extra guns.
In the wake of lower revenue, Gabon signed a 3-year agreement with the IMF in June 2017.
In the wake of the heavy rain, there was a major flood.
In the war, many people died young.
In the war-torn world of the future, it is one girl's destiny to bring peace.
In the wardrobe were a few dressing gowns in various colours.
In the wardrobe, there is... I'm not saying what's in the wardrobe; that remains my great secret.
In the water, Elias managed to find the necklace.
In the way to the village, he met Yidir.
In the western Antarctic Peninsula region of the Bellinghausen Sea, temperatures are rapidly warming, and changes in the marine ecosystem are underway.
In the whole of Algiers there are only two public swimming pools and they are exclusively reserved for men because the mingling of men and women is very badly perceived.
In the whole world there can be no more dreary view than that from the northern slope of the Sierra Blanco.
In the whole world, there are now around 200,000 centenarians.
In the wild fire of thought, there is an element of the destruction of the self.
In the wild wilderness, a leopard mother caresses her cub, as Hagar did Ishmael; or a queen of France the dauphin.
In the wild, a well-fed flamingo is likely to have more vibrantly coloured plumage, which will more readily attract a mate.
In the wild, giraffes almost never sleep.
In the window opening he set small branches about an inch in diameter both vertically and horizontally, and so woven that they formed a substantial grating that could withstand the strength of a powerful animal.
In the window sat a girl with a pensive face.
In the winter I like to stay under the covers while it rains outside.
In the winter I wear a coat on top of my vest.
In the winter I'm in the city, but I stay in the country for the summer.
In the winter it gets very cold here.
In the winter it's cold, so we turn on the stove.
In the winter it's cold, so we turn the stove on.
In the winter of 2005, Karl took a week off from his job to go away to a nice resort in Mexico.
In the winter the elk congregate on the golf course.
In the winter the swimming pool is covered.
In the winter, I don't go outside.
In the winter, I don't want to go outside.
In the winter, I feel more tired.
In the winter, I find that I become more tired.
In the winter, I go swimming in frozen lakes.
In the winter, I have no desire to eat ice cream.
In the winter, I like to sled down the small hill close to our home.
In the winter, I like to stay at home near the fire and listen to the wind blow.
In the winter, I like to stay under the covers while it rains outside.
In the winter, I sleep under two blankets.
In the winter, days are shorter.
In the winter, it gets dark early.
In the winter, it gets dark so early.
In the winter, it's cold; in the summer, it's warm.
In the winter, many older people slip on ice and fall down.
In the winter, my lips would chap.
In the winter, some fish migrate to these warmer waters.
In the winter, the Djurdjura Mountains are covered in snow.
In the winter, the bear lives off its fat reserves.
In the winter, the fields are covered with snow.
In the winter, the road becomes impassable, and is groomed for cross-country skiing.
In the winter, the squirrel's food consists mainly of the oil-rich seeds from cones.
In the winter, we're open only on weekends.
In the winter, when my hair gets dry, I look like a porcupine.
In the winter, when the nights were long and the days short, she watched the children coasting and skating.
In the wintertime, I like to travel alone.
In the wintertime, it's very dry here.
In the woods and meadows, and on the mountains the flowers were blooming amid the buzzing murmurs of the bees, the warbling of the birds, and the bleating of the lambs.
In the woods beyond the village are oak and beech trees, as well as some hazelnut bushes.
In the woods they found themselves in danger.
In the woods, Felix came across a periscope pipe protruding from the ground.
In the woods, Gustavo found solace and a sense of belonging.
In the woods, she met with two strangers.
In the woods, we saw a fox.
In the word "tomorrow", the accent is on the second syllable.
In the word "tomorrow", the stress is on the second syllable.
In the works since 2012, the deal is seen by some as China's retort to the Trans-Pacific Partnership, negotiations for which excluded China and fell apart when the US pulled out.
In the workshop I have a bit of everything: hammers, chisels, drills, saws... Use what you need.
In the world of the strong, the weak perish.
In the world of words, the imagination is one of the forces of nature.
In the world outside, skeletal chickens cackle and scrabble in the dirt; dogs bake in mute agony under the vicious sun; green hills tumble silently into the foaming sapphire sea.
In the world, there are 10 types of people: Those who understand binary and those that don't.
In the world, there are over 4000 languages.
In the worst case scenario we'll just have to look as happy as we can.
In the worst case, you will be only thirty minutes late.
In the year 1620, the Mayflower left the port of Plymouth in southern England and arrived 10 weeks later in what is now the U.S. state of Massachusetts.
In the year 1808, he directed an orchestra in Bamberg.
In the year 1847, they declared their own independence.
In the year 1945 the atom bomb was dropped on Hiroshima.
In the year 1957, our planet received a new companion.
In the year 2000, the French health system had been selected by the WHO as the best performing in terms of dispensing and organizing healthcare.
In the year 2002, José Saramago was declared persona non grata in Israel.
In the year 2008 the world meat production increased to 300 million tons.
In the year 2012, Esperanto will turn 125 years old.
In the year 2012, there will be flying cars everywhere.
In the year 2015 alone, 10 percent of American transgender people were sexually assaulted for being transgender.
In the year 2015 alone, 9 percent of American transgender people were physically attacked for being transgender.
In the year 2020, the use of the German language in all public institutions was abolished in favor of English, despite massive protests on the part of the population.
In the year 2050, the feces of undiscovered aboriginal tribes will be the most valuable resource in the world.
In the year 222, the Romans will conquer this village, giving it the name of Mediolanum, which will later become Milan.
In the year when Mozart, was born both Handel and Haydn were living.
In the years following reunification, many East Germans became increasingly disillusioned as they struggled to adjust themselves to new realities.
In the years he had worked so hard for equality, new laws had been passed.
In the years that followed, the increased numbers of emigrants and gold-seekers resulted in Omaha, Council Bluffs, Brownville, and Nebraska City developing as major river crossing sites and towns.
In the years to come thy memory will shine like a star over my lonely life.
In the years to come, the vine will give many grapes.
In the zoological gardens of Mars, there are animals from Earth.
In the zoos on Mars, there are animals from Earth.
In their analysis of fast food packaging, researchers said 20 percent of paperboard samples, including boxes for french fries and pizza, contained fluorine.
In their case, it was love at first sight.
In their catalogues, MM. Morgand and Fatout print a facsimile of the frontispiece of this very rare edition.
In their cruel fury, the jingoists several times bared their bloodthirsty fangs to him.
In their culture, asking direct questions is socially naff.
In their discourse after dinner, they talked about politics.
In their exchange of silent looks, there was more understanding than in all the long speeches in the world.
In their experiments, the researchers grew ragwort plants in a greenhouse and then left the plants open to threatening insects, such as leaf-eating caterpillars or root-feeding beetle larvae.
In their eyes, he can do no wrong.
In their family Tom is the one who does the school runs.
In their family, they have always been farmers from father to son.
In their haste to finish the project on time, they omitted some important features.
In their heydays, the Mount Wilson 60-inch and 100-inch telescopes were the most powerful instruments of their kind.
In their language you can write the way you want and don't need to use any commas either.
In their minds, a joke is always apposite.
In their old Cairo neighborhood, Sami and Layla were traveling down a memory lane.
In their report, police say the 27-year-old driver – known only as Jimmy – was driving 123 kilometers per hour.
In their study, dog owners who showed affection towards other subjects, including a toy dog that made noise and wagged its tail, and an inanimate object, elicited what appeared to be jealous behavior from their dogs.
In their unaltered state, macrophages try to fix damaged arteries by cleaning up cellular waste, including misshapen proteins, excess fat, and dysfunctional cellular structures called organelles.
In their younger years, longtime friends Aidan Reilly and James Kanoff volunteered together at a Los Angeles food bank.
In theory it is possible, but in practice it is very difficult.
In theory, it's possible.
In theory, theory and practice should be the same, but in practice, they're not.
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is.
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice, there is.
In theory, they have good meat there.
In these countries hunger is the rule.
In these days of nouveaux riches it is refreshing to find a case where the scion of an old county family which has fallen upon evil days is able to make his own fortune and to bring it back with him to restore the fallen grandeur of his line.
In these mountains, nature is at its best.
In these past weeks, the lives of millions of people have suddenly changed.
In these statistics Egypt is classed as an African nation.
In these times of crisis, many people have to buckle down.
In these times of heavy snow, not to mention the Pandemic, I isolate myself in my house, as if I were in an outer space habitat.
In these times, love is the rare bird!
In these two days I haven't left the flat.
In these two or three years, he acquired a large amount of wealth.
In these villages, women are victims of many social evils such as harassment for dowry, divorce and bigamy.
In thick bushes they will look for the most accessible throughways.
In this April 11, 2018, file photo, two boys push their scooters through a park with green blossoming trees in Frankfurt, Germany.
In this Internet café, there's no Internet.
In this Kabyle village, they make some of the finest Berber carpets.
In this March 2, 2018 photo, an Andean man rests with his llama while tourists take in the natural wonder of Rainbow Mountain in Pitumarca, Peru.
In this Tuesday, June 19, 2012 photo, Maria Darrow, of Falmouth, Maine, right, who will start her sophomore year at Amherst College in the fall, plants strawberries as part of her paid internship at a community farm in Amherst, Mass.
In this activity one immediately sees the result.
In this adventure Heracles was accompanied by Iolaus, the son of his brother Iphicles, who, on this as on other occasions, appears as his faithful companion.
In this album all the sounds that you hear are really elaborate computer voices.
In this annex are 10 passenger exits.
In this apartment lives a wicked spirit.
In this area of Algeria, many things are still done by hand.
In this area, Arabic is much more widespread than Berber.
In this area, Berber speakers far outnumber their Arabic counterparts.
In this area, I encounter Berber everywhere.
In this area, all of us only drink bottled water.
In this area, almost all the insects have been killed off by pesticides.
In this area, hornbills avoid humans.
In this area, many children have to work on the farm to support their family.
In this area, sandstorms can last up to four days.
In this area, seventy percent of the plants are pollinated by bees.
In this area, the road is still surfaced.
In this area, we only drink bottled water.
In this article you will learn how to translate the untranslatable.
In this article, we've collected some of the funniest placards seen at the recent protests.
In this attic there are all sorts of books, waiting to be read.
In this bathroom there's a toilet and a sink.
In this belief Lucy reposed her hope, and went on weaving her enchanted web of fairy tissue, as beautiful and transient as the film of the gossamer when it is pearled with the morning dew and glimmering to the sun.
In this big bed there's plenty of room.
In this bistro, there's always a lot of students.
In this book you can find the answers to these questions and receive some advice.
In this book you will find two variations in Esperanto of the Hippocratic Oath: one drawn from the original oath in Latin and the other from the French version of the French Order of Physicians.
In this book, Islam is painted as terrorism.
In this book, Sami wanted to tell the world about his affair.
In this book, lots of coincidences happen.
In this book, the author compares Japan with the United States.
In this book, the writer contrasts Japan with America.
In this book, you will find everything that makes this landscape unique.
In this book, you'll find everything you need to make your wilderness journey an enriching experience.
In this box there are five apples.
In this bunker, Elias tortured kidnapped people.
In this case she certainly had the whip hand, namely: the purse strings.
In this case the master of Comparative Philology disregarded the phonetic laws which he had himself helped to establish.
In this case, 100 euro please.
In this case, I think he is correct.
In this case, it is more advantageous to buy in cash.
In this case, it's the same thing.
In this case, let's go.
In this case, that doesn't really apply.
In this case, the adjective goes before the noun.
In this case, there are a lot of factors at play.
In this case, translation is, in effect, impossible.
In this case, you're not welcome to stay here.
In this century, never has there been seen or heard anything like it, even if all the hymnals and rituals books used in church gatherings were combined.
In this city finding a taxi is complicated.
In this city there are 249 neighborhoods.
In this city, I see and hear Berber everywhere.
In this city, the stones speak.
In this city, there are beautiful avenues.
In this city, there are thousands who live eight or ten to a room.
In this city, there are three beauty salons.
In this class there are more girls than boys.
In this class, we speak Portuguese, but in that class, only English is spoken.
In this class, we're going to speak in English as much as possible.
In this class, you will learn grammar and vocabulary.
In this class, you'll learn what you really need to know.
In this classroom, it seems that there is no one as tall as Bill.
In this clinic, he checked, operated, prescribed and gave medicine to at least nine dogs.
In this clip, an astonished Anderson Cooper reacts to Trump's outlandish claim.
In this cold weather, a good master won't let his dog out.
In this cold weather, not to mention the Pandemic, I isolate myself in my house, as if I were in a Martian colony habitat.
In this colony he is lord of life and death.
In this company, there are more women than men.
In this computer school they programmed a video game in assembler that they then put on a Game Boy cartridge, and now we can play it!
In this context, a bigram refers to a string of two letters.
In this corner of the room I'd like to put a house-plant.
In this corner of the room I’d like to put a house-plant.
In this country the average number of children per family fell from 2 to 1.5.
In this country there are only few examples that ideology and religion are helpful in character building for people.
In this country we can find work and earn money.
In this country we condemn child exploitation.
In this country, any fool can be a governor, a representative or a senator.
In this country, even universities are free of charge.
In this country, everyone is spying on everyone.
In this country, everyone spies on everyone else.
In this country, it's normal for people to get drunk.
In this country, most of the inhabitants are Sunni Muslims.
In this country, people have no sense of responsibility.
In this country, public displays of affection are generally frowned upon.
In this country, the freedom to browse the Internet is curtailed.
In this country, the freedom to browse the Internet is limited.
In this country, the majority of the population espouses Sunni Islam.
In this country, the majority of the population practices Sunni Islam.
In this country, the majority of the population professes Sunni Islam.
In this country, the mass media is being violated.
In this country, they don't know where Lake Constance is.
In this country, violence against Muslims is rising.
In this country, we can see the ocean!
In this country, we rise or fall as one nation, as one people.
In this country, we rise or fall as one nation, as one people. Let's resist the temptation to fall back on the same partisanship and pettiness and immaturity that has poisoned our politics for so long.
In this country, we rise or fall as one nation, as one people. Let’s resist the temptation to fall back on the same partisanship and pettiness and immaturity that has poisoned our politics for so long.
In this country, you're going to need a car.
In this country, you're not permitted to do that.
In this course, we'll spend time helping you sound more like a native speaker.
In this course, we’ll spend time helping you sound more like a native speaker.
In this dangerous time for the elderly and health compromised people as the coronavirus continues to spread, carrying out simple tasks like grocery shopping now qualify as risky.
In this day and age, anything's possible.
In this day and age, it is incredible that people still want to spend years learning some foreign language while they could learn Esperanto in a matter of weeks and broaden their reach to the entire world.
In this day and age, life without electricity is unimaginable.
In this day and age, not too much surprises me.
In this day and age, one doesn't have enough time to read long novels.
In this day and age, there aren't nearly as many advantages to being "royalty" as there were a century or so ago.
In this day and age, you should be careful.
In this democratic age of ours men clamour for what is popularly considered the best, regardless of their feelings. They want the costly, not the refined; the fashionable, not the beautiful.
In this dictionary the pronunciation comes right after the headword.
In this era of post-truth politics, it's easy to cherry-pick data and come to whatever conclusion you desire.
In this essay, Tom distills the arguments for and against leaving the EU.
In this estate whilst a goatherd named Lamon was tending his herds in the fields, he found a little child whom one of his she-goats was suckling.
In this faith I wish to live and die.
In this family, jokes are not laughed at but rejoined with other jokes.
In this field you dig a hole and in the hole you bury a gold piece. After covering up the hole with earth you water it well, sprinkle a bit of salt on it, and go to bed. During the night, the gold piece sprouts, grows, blossoms, and next morning you find a beautiful tree, that is loaded with gold pieces.
In this film they both portray notorious gang leaders.
In this final tutorial, we look at multivariable cases.
In this firm, women work on equal terms with men.
In this flat lives an evil spirit.
In this follow-up study, Tucker and her colleagues recruited men whose average age was about 75 years old. Over a period of four years, the researchers used a bone scanner to make regular measurements of the men's hips, spines and forearms. Tucker also had the men keep detailed information about what they ate. In particular, she asked about vitamin C, because vitamin C seems to slow down bone resorption.
In this foreign country, people at the bus stop were calmly waiting for the bus, sitting on their haunches.
In this forest ravaged by fire, there's not a tree left standing.
In this forest, a lot of trees are tall.
In this forest, at every step, we may face the most terrible perils that you can ever imagine. So let's go ahead.
In this forest, humans and squirrels still live together in harmony.
In this function we train the model.
In this game bundle, you can get games worth $115 for as low as $1.
In this game, bonfires serve as checkpoints.
In this game, everyone is equal.
In this game, female characters wear boob armour.
In this game, if you want to train military units, you first need to build a barracks.
In this game, no matter what nationality you choose for your character, they will still speak in an American accent.
In this game, players were not allowed to kick the ball.
In this game, there are no allies but only enemies.
In this garden I obtain every product of nature in due season; in the spring it abounds with roses, lilies, hyacinths, and violets of the deepest bloom; in the summer with poppies, pears, and apples of every kind; and now in autumn, with grapes, figs, pomegranates and green myrtles.
In this graph, you can see that the sine of θ is always equal to the Y position of point A, and that the tangent of θ is always equal to the slope of the line intersecting point A and the origin.
In this great stretch of country there is no sign of life, nor of anything appertaining to life. There is no bird in the steel-blue heaven, no movement upon the dull, grey earth—above all, there is absolute silence.
In this great universe of ours man is a mere insect, an ant, in his intellect, as compared with the boundless world about him, as measured by the intelligence capable of grasping the whole of truth and knowledge.
In this grocery store, it's assumed that you have paid for your items before eating them at these tables.
In this group, there are my parents and my relatives.
In this harsh, petty world where money does the talking, his way of life is like a breath of fresh air.
In this heat, we feel like having some ice-cold orangeades.
In this high school, what person is the Spanish teacher?
In this horror movie, it is possible for the dead to come back to life.
In this hospital each nurse attends five patients.
In this hotel breakfast is served from 7:00 A.M. to 10:00 A.M.
In this hotel there are only rooms for non-smokers.
In this hotel, you have to check out by nine o'clock.
In this hotel, you have to check out by nine o’clock.
In this house, a political commissar died yesterday.
In this household, the women and men share equal responsibilities.
In this hypothetical situation, you will simply buy your ticket, fly into the airport, and hope you won't be stopped at the immigration desk.
In this image, we see an elephant.
In this instance we are provided with an exact account of the conversation between the two poets.
In this jewelry store there are some pretty earrings.
In this job, one error would send you straight to jail.
In this kanji we have only two components.
In this kind of heat, I just don't feel like doing anything.
In this kind of situation, what is the doctor supposed to do?
In this kind of the situation, it is preferable to remain calm.
In this kind of weather it's best if I stay at home and don't go outside.
In this kind of weather, it's best to stay home and not go outside.
In this language school, my goal is to learn another language so that I can go to another country and speak with their people in their language.
In this language school, students learn to translate each sentence into several languages.
In this language, the phoneme /b/ is pronounced [p] when it occurs at the end of a word.
In this legal system, corporal punishment is imposed on adult men only.
In this library, you can borrow up to three books at a time.
In this library, you can check out three books at a time.
In this library, you can check out up to three books at a time.
In this life anything could happen.
In this life there is a solution for everything.
In this life there is no perfect happiness.
In this life, nothing is free.
In this life... When have you been happy?
In this light, your dress looks more light blue than white.
In this line of work, if you make a grim face the customers won't come.
In this line of work, if you make a grim face the customers won’t come.
In this magazine Juliana talks about the way she dresses.
In this manner, Japheth was considered the progenitor of the European nations, while the inhabitants of the greater portion of Asia were looked upon as the descendants of Shem; and those of Africa, of Ham.
In this medieval tale, a brave knight sets out to rescue a princess from a band of ruthless outlaws.
In this modern age, computer literacy is a must at any accounting firm.
In this moment all we know is that Ursula is dead.
In this morning of the 14th of January of 2022, at the cafe, I was excited to see the big, hunky white man again, sitting with his laptop by the window. Today, he wore red, green, and black.
In this neighborhood, you're just a babe in the woods.
In this new action thriller, a terrorist group hijacks a commercial flight headed to London.
In this new study, callers to emergency services reporting a suspected heart attack were randomly told either to do full CPR, with chest compression and blowing air into the patient's mouth — rescue breathing — or do just chest compression.
In this next slide we see an aerial shot of the company headquarters.
In this next unit we'll learn about demonstratives in English.
In this paper I address the question, what is difficult about the intermediary's position in a negotiation?
In this paper I address the question, what is difficult about the intermediary’s position in a negotiation?
In this paper I limit the discussion to Emmet's 'dyad' style in his works from 1995.
In this paper I limit the discussion to Emmet’s ’dyad’ style in his works from 1995.
In this paper I would like to examine the notion of "dyad style" and its influence on fine arts.
In this paper they made the remarkable prediction that radiation (in the form of photons) from the very hot stages of the universe should still be around today.
In this paper, I compare the folklores of Germany and Holland.
In this paper, the authors examine health, wealth and inequality.
In this parking place, the trailer would bump into the roof.
In this part of Algeria, people are leading a slow and lazy life.
In this part of Algeria, people are not used to seeing foreigners.
In this part of Algeria, the land is mostly flat.
In this part of Algeria, the mountains are majestic.
In this part of Algeria, the scenery is striking.
In this part of Algeria, time seems to have stood still.
In this part of Algeria, we get heavy rains in winter and spring.
In this part of Algeria, you can find thick forests and untouched landscapes.
In this part of Kabylie, nature thrives.
In this part of New York, almost everyone can speak or understand Italian.
In this part of the Algerian Sahara, you can see prehistoric petroglyphs.
In this part of the city our specialists counted about a thousand dry trees.
In this part of the country there was a grotto called the Grotto of the Nymphs, which was hollowed out of a large rock rounded at the summit.
In this part of the country, a southwesterly wind is often associated with a storm.
In this particular case, we're mining Bitcoin and while we are leveraging expensive hardware to do so, the resource is really about how quickly you can actually solve a particular algorithm, mathematic equation, on the blockchain to be able to go and obtain one Bitcoin.
In this photo provided by Queensland Police Service and taken on Nov. 6, 2016, a koala looks out from a handbag.
In this photo, Andean farmers take part in a ceremony honoring Mother Earth and Father Snowy Mountain, in Pitumarca, Peru.
In this picture you can see Mercury in the morning sky.
In this picture, Mercury can be seen in the morning sky.
In this picture, NASA astronaut Chris Cassidy holds a Parmigiana di Melanzane meal packet given to him by European Space Agency (ESA) astronaut Luca Parmitano.
In this picture, there are four persons: my father, my mother, my brother and my sister.
In this picture, they photoshopped it out.
In this place of beauty, there is an underside of lawlessness, corruption and poverty that could threaten the sustainability of the biosphere.
In this place where empire and exploration meet, for every mystery we reveal, far more must remain unspoken.
In this playhouse of infinite forms I have had my play, and here have I caught sight of him that is formless.
In this production, the director didn't succeed in translating the novel to the stage.
In this programming language, the attributes of the objects are encapsulated, so they can only be accessed by way of read and write methods previously defined in the class from which they are derived.
In this quick guide, we will go through various basic tasks that one can do on Tatoeba.
In this quiet place, I find comfort in connecting with the cherished memories we shared.
In this regard, I agree with you.
In this regard, he says, his organization has come out with a draft bill that was sent to the Parliament three years ago. If passed, the bill will protect people with disabilities against all forms of stigmatization and discrimination. Chiwaula also helped lead a successful effort to encourage the media to avoid terms that people with disabilities find offensive, such as “disabled people” and “the blind.” They prefer “people with disabilities,” and “people with visual impairments.” His organization is running awareness campaigns encouraging primary school teachers to integrate children with disabilities in school activities.
In this regard, on March 6, 2017, his powers as a deputy of the Milli Majlis of the Republic of Azerbaijan were terminated.
In this region it also snowed for days.
In this region, the woods largely consist of conifers.
In this region, there is an abundance of water.
In this remote village, Tom and five other archaeologists live as though in the Stone Age 5,000 years ago. Their food comprises only what they themselves collect or hunt.
In this respect, you're right.
In this restaurant the food is good.
In this room there are over 50 tables.
In this room, the enemies will keep respawning.
In this room, you are not allowed to play ball.
In this round, I'm the dealer and will deal out the cards.
In this rural area, social distancing is not a public health recommendation, but a way of life.
In this school of life, the course is permanent, and no one has ever graduated.
In this school, a period is fifty minutes long.
In this school, the children must use English.
In this season we often suffer from an excess of rain.
In this season, the country has an abundance of mangoes.
In this season, when the sun becomes obstructed it gets cold very quickly, so please come wearing clothes that are suitable for any kind of temperature.
In this secret code, each number stands for a letter of the alphabet.
In this section you can find all kinds of sentences and practice with them.
In this section, the composer makes heavy use of non-chord tones.
In this section, the composer modulates to many different keys.
In this section, the piece modulates to the parallel minor key.
In this section, the piece transitions to the subdominant key.
In this semester, students study and apply statistical sampling techniques.
In this seminar, we'll teach you the skill of active listening.
In this sense, it is said that a vassal must be faithful and loyal to his lord.
In this sentence there are seven words. A sentence of eight words comes after it. The conclusion produces a sentence of nine magical words.
In this sentence, I count seven words.
In this sequel, they gather again for a wedding, but this time at a luxury resort in Thailand.
In this shop we sell meat.
In this show, the accent is on robots.
In this show, the contestant can't answer.
In this sign you will conquer.
In this situation, I am forced to say yes.
In this small town everyone knows each other.
In this small town, Tom came to have a small flour mill.
In this snowy landscape everything looks different.
In this society where everything is disposable, it is a virtue to use something until it wears out.
In this soup there are carrots, onions, parsley, celery and potatoes.
In this state of the US, you could get a ticket for a cracked windshield.
In this steep slope, you need to drive slowly and in first gear.
In this store they like to bait and switch.
In this store they speak in Esperanto.
In this store you'll find the most popular video games.
In this store, household appliances are sold.
In this store, we have a wide variety of books.
In this store, we take items on consignment. We only pay you after someone buys them.
In this story, mages act as conduits for natural magical energy in order to cast spells.
In this story, the hero is also the villain.
In this tale, the god of rain, storms, and lightning is called Chac Mool.
In this time of the year the roadsides are in full bloom. You can find there, for example, a lot of cow parsley, rapeseed, and dandelions.
In this time of the year, male and female yaks break off into separate herds.
In this time, with the aid of sixty-eight Zanzibari and a few Europeans, he had constructed three trading-stations, launched a steamer on the Upper Congo, established steam communication between Leopoldville and Stanley Pool, and also constructed wagon-roads between Vivi and Isangila, Manyanga and Stanley Pool.
In this tomb from the Han dynasty, a book was found.
In this town there's the need of a smith.
In this town, I see Berber everywhere.
In this town, if anywhere, you will find old Japan at her best.
In this town, most people can walk to work.
In this town, there is only one train station.
In this tree, there is an apple on every limb.
In this tribe, the chieftain is elected by a majority vote.
In this troubled world, it is safer to stay at home, read about exotic places and dream.
In this turbulent riptide of intellectual currents, Robert Boyle, without formal medical education, performed many medical functions, as a sometime practitioner, consultant, and researcher.
In this type of break, the bone will actually protrude from the skin.
In this ungrateful world, mischievous people rush headlong, while sane people walk backwards.
In this universe, Tom is just a legend, but in other universes, he is very real.
In this valley, solar farms are expanding rapidly, making Colorado the third-largest solar energy producing state in the US, after California and New Jersey.
In this very useful dictionary you will find all the words, definitions and alternatives you need.
In this video, LHC Project Leader, Lyn Evans relives the giddy moments on September 10 when the first beam of protons was injected into the LHC. Everyone was relieved and excited when the particles began traveling around the 27-kilometer underground tunnel, as it had been programmed to do.
In this video, we will teach you some common English words.
In this village, almost everything revolves around olive oil.
In this village, only four families live throughout the year.
In this village, they lived a happy life.
In this way a monstrous swindle was perpetrated upon the community, by fraudulently appropriating the public money to the use and benefit of private individuals.
In this way a passing boat noticed them, thanks to Takeda's scream, and they survived without incident.
In this way a passing boat noticed them, thanks to Takeda’s scream, and they survived without incident.
In this way they are too tired to be frightening.
In this way, she lost all her money.
In this way, the students of the University have the opportunity to expand their cultural horizons.
In this way, the students of the university have the opportunity to expand their horizons.
In this way, we waste a lot of time.
In this winter, it seems that it gets very cold.
In this word, the accent falls on the last syllable.
In this workgroup, I'm responsible for digital affairs and mass media.
In this world everyone is ruled by money.
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes!
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.
In this world you will have trouble.
In this world, hatred never ends hatred.
In this world, it's difficult to go on behaving like a human being.
In this world, it's easy to lose oneself in all the deceptions and temptations.
In this world, nothing is more beautiful than hearing a sad rooster in the backlands when there is moonlight. It even seems that hidden in the throat of that rooster, the soul of the moon sings in counterpoint, sobbing.
In this world, rules of conduct prevail that differ from what is accepted in public life.
In this world, the right of the strongest applies.
In this world, there are people who take advantage of legal loopholes to do things that are almost illegal.
In this world, there are some things that will never come true no matter how much you wish for them.
In this world, those that have more of a reason to get worked up typically tend to get worked up the least.
In this world, we accumulate works, some are good, others are bad.
In this year of the Jubilee all land, and village houses, and the houses of the Levites were to revert to their original owners.
In this year's science fair, we are going to show how a motor works.
In this year’s Least Developed Countries Report, UNCTAD economists warn the current grim situation will not improve unless the world’s poorest countries drastically boost their productive capacities.
In this year’s ad, the wiener dogs are running towards people dressed in costumes to look like ketchup and mustard.
In those cooler waters around the vents’ six-meter tall mineral spires, the scientists found teeming populations of marine animals, including a new species of shrimp. Copley said the tiny white creatures exist in near-total darkness and feed mostly on bacteria.
In those days I tended to think of myself as a nice looking guy.
In those days a village of thirty houses or more stood there; now no one liveth there, and only sometimes do the people come here to gather cocoanuts.
In those days it was far from easy to come by a good job.
In those days most people could neither read nor write.
In those days the city had become very dangerous for black people.
In those days, America was not independent of the United Kingdom.
In those days, Belarus was part of Lithuania.
In those days, Germany had a strong army.
In those days, I had the habit of taking a walk before breakfast.
In those days, I liked to play draughts.
In those days, I made it a point to take a walk before breakfast.
In those days, I played tennis with Jeanette every day.
In those days, I used to get up at six every morning.
In those days, I used to go to bed earlier.
In those days, I was accustomed to taking a walk before breakfast.
In those days, I was still a student.
In those days, I went out walking before breakfast.
In those days, I went to bed earlier.
In those days, Tom and I used to hang out together.
In those days, Tom and I were still students.
In those days, Tom and Mary used to hang out together.
In those days, a cup of coffee cost 200 yen.
In those days, a new type of democracy was rising.
In those days, after Moses was grown up, he went out to his brethren: and saw their affliction, and an Egyptian striking one of the Hebrews, his brethren.
In those days, all I ate was junk food.
In those days, and for some time after, giants lived on the earth, for whenever the sons of God had intercourse with women, they gave birth to children who became the heroes and famous warriors of ancient times.
In those days, black children didn't go to school with white children.
In those days, few people could travel abroad.
In those days, few people went to college.
In those days, food was much cheaper.
In those days, he lived in the house alone.
In those days, he often visited me.
In those days, he was a student.
In those days, he was still strong and energetic.
In those days, horse-drawn carriages were not a rare sight in the streets.
In those days, many people in this area didn't like Chinese people.
In those days, music meant everything to us.
In those days, music was everything to us.
In those days, or at any rate in Cambridge, laboratory life was rather informal.
In those days, ordinary folk couldn't afford real coffee, so they drank coffee substitute.
In those days, people could not afford real coffee, so they drank coffee substitute.
In those days, sugar was less valuable than salt.
In those days, the only thing I ate was junk food.
In those days, the whole of life played out in the kitchen; it was the only room in the house that was heated.
In those days, there were no radios.
In those days, women didn't have the right to vote.
In those days, you had to buy a platform ticket if you wanted to accompany someone to the train.
In those moments I think you're bad, the absolute selfishness, that you don't know what love for others is.
In those moments I think you're bad.
In those sentences the similarity between Russian, Slovenian, Serbian and Polish was clear.
In those times, we had financial problems.
In those times, we had money problems.
In those years, there was still no Internet.
In three days you get tired of a beautiful woman while in the same amount of time you get used to an ugly one.
In three days, Mary will have aged one more year.
In three days, Tom ate a dozen eggs.
In three days—that is to say, on Monday next—matters will be ripe, and the Professor, with all the principal members of his gang, will be in the hands of the police.
In three hours, the sun will have set.
In three months, Fadil is turning 13.
In three seconds midnight will strike.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life — It goes on.
In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life â€” It goes on.
In three years Mary had delivered countless premature babies.
In thy mercy thou hast been a leader to the people which thou hast redeemed: and in thy strength thou hast carried them to thy holy habitation.
In time he'll come to see the error of his ways.
In time he’ll come to see the error of his ways.
In time, Artificial Intelligence will tell people what language to learn, be it artificial or natural. Anyway, AI will be able to produce new languages for people.
In time, I'm sure Tom will forgive you.
In time, Jessica found herself dependent on Mark on what to do.
In time, Tom and Mary became close friends.
In time, Tom came to love Mary.
In time, Tom came to love her.
In time, all these minor problems will be resolved.
In time, everything falls into place.
In time, he came to love her.
In time, none of this will matter.
In time, researchers hope to use the DNA technology to create vaccines against grass pollen, cat dander and dust, as well as more serious diseases such as hepatitis.
In time, she came to love him.
In time, we’ll find the answer.
In time, you will understand.
In times like these, we must all act in fellowship.
In times like this, there's nothing like a hair of the dog.
In times like this, there’s nothing like a hair of the dog.
In times like this, we should all pull together.
In times of abundance, remember the times of famine.
In times of crisis it’s usually the most vulnerable members of the community who are most affected; the poor, the sick, the elderly. In these situations, it’s often the efforts of caring individuals and civic-minded businesses that can make a difference. Combine the two, and you get the kind of results that the DC Dream Center has always strived for.
In times of crisis one should never idealise the past.
In times of crisis, he's always encouraging.
In times of crisis, it is always important to keep a level head.
In times of difficulty we must not lose sight of our achievements, must see the bright future, and must pluck up our courage.
In times of drought, there is lack of water in our villages.
In times of famine, the devil feeds on flies.
In times of great need, pet a cat.
In times of great need, we need a miracle.
In times of great trouble, Ziri turns to Rima.
In times of plenty, remember the scarcity.
In times of trouble, she would turn to faith.
In times of war, the law falls silent.
In today's busy world, many people are constantly juggling home, work and social commitments.
In today's hyper-connected world, the desire for privacy can often be confused with having something to hide.
In today's life, the world belongs only to the stupid, the insensitive, and the agitated.
In today's match, Tom is the goalkeeper.
In today's society, parenting is difficult.
In today's society, the media encourage young people to strive for success.
In today's video, I would like to answer the viewers' questions.
In today's world, even women are falsified.
In today's world, possessions are plentiful, but time is scarce.
In today's world, the hardest thing for a man to be... is himself.
In today's world, the search engines and a few million Internet users scour the web daily looking for fresh and interesting content.
In today's world, we have to equip all our kids with an education that prepares them for success, regardless of what they look like, or how much their parents make, or the zip code that they live in.
In today’s fast-paced world there are more ways to communicate than ever—e-mail, text messaging, Facebook, Twitter and other types of social media.
In today’s society, the media encourage young people to strive for success.
In today’s world, possessions are plentiful, but time is scarce.
In tomorrow's meeting, we will talk about our worries.
In tomorrow's meeting, we're planning to adopt a new marketing strategy.
In total there are 9 people in my family.
In total, 1500 men took part in Cabral's expedition, of which only five hundred survived. Many died in shipwrecks; others from diseases that spread on the ships.
In total, I have 4 children.
In total, it includes 13 countries, including Ukraine, Canada, Argentina, India, Algeria, Chile, Indonesia, Israel, Pakistan, Thailand and Venezuela.
In total, several hundred thousand votes were cast.
In total, that parade lasted almost an hour.
In tough times, my brother never leaves my side.
In town, the shops were closed.
In towns, speed is limited to 50 km/h.
In trade, time is money.
In traditional Hungarian attire, Dorottya's beauty takes on a whole new level of splendor, with vibrant colors and intricate embroidery complementing her grace.
In truth, I didn't mind.
In truth, a man who renders everyone their due because he fears the gallows, acts under the sway and compulsion of others, and cannot be called just. But a man who does the same from a knowledge of the true reason for laws and their necessity, acts from a firm purpose and of his own accord, and is therefore properly called just.
In truth, it isn't such a big deal.
In truth, no one expected this outcome.
In truth, the Road is very simple, but human beings like detours.
In truth, the very simple reason why this incident did not appear in the newspapers is that, outside of a single witness, no one knew about it.
In truth, the world was made by a Master!
In truth, there are things between heaven and earth which not only our philosophers but even the most ordinary fools cannot grasp.
In truth, there was only one Christian, and he died on the cross.
In truth, this has no gravity.
In truth, whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well.
In truth, whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well; and nothing can be done well without attention: I therefore carry the necessity of attention down to the lowest things.
In trying to find academic sources to support this sentence, I came up empty-handed.
In two days' time, let’s go together and bring this complaint directly to the higher-ups.
In two days, I'll turn 13.
In two days, the movie grossed 10 million euros.
In two hours it's going to be nighttime and you won't be able to see anything.
In two moves, Kasparov will check the challenger.
In two nights, you will leave me.
In two nomad camps are ten horses.
In two weeks the Belgian football team, the Red Devils, plays in Brazil.
In two years of operation the Interlingua Division of Science Service has succeeded in demonstrating the practical value of Interlingua as a tool of international communication, especially in science and most particularly in medicine.
In two years the world may have an automated system that could instantly discover and neutralize hackers’ attacks against government, corporate or private computers.
In two years, I will graduate.
In two years, Pierrette wasn't complimented once, and never heard a single kind word.
In two years, the company has more than doubled in size.
In unity is strength.
In unity there is strength.
In university towns, people are constantly coming and going.
In university, his major is Language Design.
In university, in Canada, I learned two different kinds of English, technical English and non-technical English, from different courses. I learned that the passive voice, as in "The cat was chased by the dog," is unacceptable in non-technical style, but technical writers use it frequently and legitimately. I learned in technical English that one should use demonstrative pronouns like "this" and "that" with a substantive, not by themselves. There were a lot of nuts and bolts.
In urban planning, infill is the use of land within a built-up area for further construction.
In vain I begged him to tell me more.
In vain have I tried to convince him.
In vain my fatigued, my tortured attention strained to follow the increasingly subtle creations which, according to my dream, the Star Maker conceived. Cosmos after cosmos issued from his fervent imagination, each one with a distinctive spirit infinitely diversified, each in its fullest attainment more awakened than the last; but each one less comprehensible to me.
In vain she scanned the deeply gored valley that lay before her and the timbered slopes of the mountains for sign of human habitation.
In various Turkish restaurants, shishkabob is the main food.
In very broken Berber, he said something along the lines of: "We don't need your help anymore."
In view of all this metamorphosis it is much to be regretted that the geographical and linguistical difficulties have made the task of the folk-lorist not only difficult but wellnigh impossible.
In view of the complex phenomena of the French Revolutionary period, it is advantageous to our understanding of that surpassingly interesting era to view the various classes of facts from different standpoints.
In war justice is silent.
In war the law stays silent.
In war, truth is the first casualty.
In war, whichever side may call itself the victor, there are no winners, but all are losers.
In washing himself, he started on the legs.
In water, wood will float and stone will sink.
In ways befitting an intellectual luminary, for Mr. Jackson was awarded the prestigious, $25 million MacArthur "genius" grant, he takes the conversation in a hundred directions, not all of which the uninitiated listener can follow.
In ways that scientists still do not fully understand, mature corals release their gametes all at the same time. This synchrony is crucial, because the gametes of most coral species are viable for only a few hours. The “blizzard” makes it more likely that fertilization will occur.
In wealth he had but few equals, and in virtues he had none.
In western civilisation, waste of food is still a common thing.
In what area are you experts?
In what city was Mozart born?
In what continent is the Nile River?
In what countries is French spoken?
In what country could a repeat offender, once elected president, give themselves amnesty?
In what country did you receive your immunizations as a child?
In what country was Mozart born?
In what country were you born?
In what direction or fields is change necessary?
In what hotel do you intend to stay?
In what is believed to be the largest attack of its kind ever recorded, a cyberextortion attack struck in dozens of countries Friday, locking up computers and holding users’ files for ransom at dozens of hospitals, companies and government agencies.
In what kind of city do you live?
In what kind of situations would you do that?
In what kind of situations would you use that sentence?
In what kind of world are we living?
In what kinds of situations would you use it?
In what language is it more beautiful to speak about love?
In what language is the word "peace" more reassuring?
In what language is the word "war" more terrible?
In what manner and to what degree do you stay in touch with current events?
In what manner did he construct his home?
In what moments do you feel alive?
In what month were you born?
In what month were you guys born?
In what order are these?
In what respect is that true?
In what round was the boxer knocked out?
In what sense?
In what shoes are you going?
In what two countries did Handel live?
In what way are we gluttons?
In what way are you better than me?
In what way did water appear on Earth?
In what way did you get to know each other?
In what way do they activate this mechanism?
In what way do you think you are better than Tom?
In what way does it overtake you?
In what way does that influence your view of things?
In what way is Tatoeba better than Google Translate?
In what way is it better?
In what way may I be of service to you?
In what way?
In what ways do you think you've changed in the last three years?
In what ways is the new system better?
In what world is capitalism actually utopian?
In what world is that a good idea?
In what would prove to be a fateful decision, he and his wife enjoyed brunch at a fancy resort.
In what year did Haydn die?
In what year did the Berlin Wall fall?
In what year was America discovered?
In what year was Handel born?
In what year was printing invented?
In what year were you born?
In what year?
In what zoo officials claim is the world's largest glazed geodesic dome, thousands of visitors wind their way through the world's largest indoor desert.
In which bank do you have an account?
In which bed do I sleep?
In which car of the train is the seat you reserved?
In which case your options reduce to the previous case.
In which case, I was also requested to invite all of you so if you would please accompany me...
In which city are you?
In which city do you go to school?
In which city do you live?
In which city is he?
In which city is it?
In which city is she?
In which continent is the river Nile?
In which country can I buy Brie?
In which country is London located?
In which country is this vehicle registered?
In which department do you work?
In which direction are you fixing your attention?
In which direction did he go?
In which direction is the station?
In which direction was Boldi supposed to go?
In which direction were they heading?
In which direction will Syria develop after the regime change?
In which district do you live?
In which folder did you put the photos from the sports event?
In which folder did you save the file?
In which hotel will you be staying?
In which house are you staying?
In which house did you live previously?
In which house do you live?
In which language are the services conducted?
In which language did the father write?
In which language did you speak with Marika before you learnt Finnish?
In which language do you want to see names of animals?
In which language is the word "woman" more beautiful?
In which language was the meeting conducted?
In which regiment did Tom serve?
In which room would you like to stay?
In which street?
In which town are you?
In which university did you study?
In which university do you want to study?
In which way did it develop?
In which way did you learn it?
In whose interest are you acting, may I ask?
In whose name shall I make the reservation?
In wine there's wisdom, in beer there's strength, in water there are bacteria.
In wine there’s wisdom, in beer there’s strength, in water there are bacteria.
In wine, there is truth.
In winter I leave home at nine.
In winter I like skiing, but only cross-country.
In winter I like to eat chocolate.
In winter I tuck myself up in a duvet.
In winter I wear an overcoat.
In winter he chews the bark to get at the cambium, and from that fragrant bark his world has always had the scent of vanilla.
In winter in Romania, it snows a lot.
In winter it gets dark early.
In winter it snows.
In winter night falls early.
In winter our lips get chapped.
In winter the sun goes down in the blink of an eye.
In winter we have to feed the birds.
In winter, Algiers is beautiful.
In winter, Emma changes the tyres on her bike.
In winter, I always go to bed wearing woolen socks.
In winter, I always sleep wearing woollen socks.
In winter, I always sleep with wool socks on.
In winter, I always sleep with woolly socks on.
In winter, I feel more tired.
In winter, I like staying at home, around the fire, listening to the wind blowing.
In winter, I like to stay at home, near the fire, and listen to the wind blow.
In winter, I long for the warm sea and the hot sun.
In winter, I often suffer from melancholy.
In winter, I prefer to walk around in a fur coat and felt boots.
In winter, I prefer to wear a fur coat and felt boots.
In winter, I put on thick tights.
In winter, I put on warm stockings.
In winter, I wear thick pantyhose.
In winter, I wear warm stockings.
In winter, Tom changes the tyres on his bike.
In winter, around New Year's Eve, we added two dates or two figs or one orange.
In winter, dress warmly.
In winter, huge elephant seal males with large elephant-like noses and long canine teeth engage in bloody battles to establish territories and harems of females.
In winter, it snows a lot.
In winter, night falls quickly.
In winter, nights are long and days short.
In winter, our lips get chapped.
In winter, the crown is white, but there is a blackish patch about the eyes, and the bill and feet are dark.
In winter, the days are shorter.
In winter, the days become shorter and it gets darker earlier.
In winter, the dry leaves fly around in the air.
In winter, the island is covered with ice and snow.
In winter, the migratory birds head south.
In winter, the nights are long and the days are short.
In winter, the roads are covered with ice.
In winter, the temperature drops severely in Moscow.
In winter, the time in Ireland is the same as Greenwich Mean Time.
In winter, the windows were sometimes quite frozen over. But then the boy and the girl would warm copper pennies on the stove, and hold the warm pennies against the frozen pane; there would be very soon a little round hole through which they could peep, and the soft bright eyes of the little boy and girl would beam through the hole at each window as they looked at each other.
In winter, there is snow and ice everywhere.
In winter, unemployment in the building trade usually goes up drastically.
In winter, we like to stay at home.
In winter, we must feed the birds.
In winter, we need to feed the birds.
In winter, when there is moonlight, there is ice.
In women, the pelvis is broader and lower, and all of its dimensions are larger, than in men.
In woodworking, we classify wood as hardwood, softwood or exotic wood.
In work of that nature very often, when men on the job think they have struck a hard snag, something comes up suddenly which clears the matter so they do not require outside assistance.
In yet another instance of an Internet-driven social phenomenon, a growing number of women in the U.S. are joining on-line breast-milk-sharing communities. Their aim is to provide human milk to new mothers who can't breastfeed their babies. While the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has issued warnings about the potential health risks of this practice, advocates sing the praises of both breast milk and their online community.
In your American dream!
In your American dream.
In your absence, I'm sorrowful.
In your absence, the smart home system turns on and off the lights in different rooms, creating the illusion that someone is in the house and thus reducing the risk of burglary.
In your arms my soul finds peace.
In your arms, I find solace and comfort. Your presence alone is enough to make every worry disappear. You are absolutely my everything.
In your case, we'll make an exception.
In your class, who speaks French the most fluently?
In your dream!
In your dreams!
In your dreams.
In your dreams...
In your embrace, I find warmth that no words can express.
In your entire life, you never have seen such a thing.
In your eyes I find a piece of paradise.
In your eyes, I am already dead.
In your face!
In your family, everyone's big.
In your gaze I recognize myself.
In your language, does "heart" rhyme with "pain"?
In your later years, you will sincerely regret being critical of yourself.
In your life, you aren't meant to know the exact hour and place of your own death.
In your manner of thinking, I err. But where is my imposture?
In your message please state your reason for calling.
In your opinion there is a diabolical agency which makes Dartmoor an unsafe abode for a Baskerville—that is your opinion?
In your opinion, could one live without a cell phone today?
In your opinion, do the Kabyle speak Berber or Kabyle?
In your opinion, he does not make concrete and feasible proposals?
In your opinion, is Tom right?
In your opinion, she does not make concrete and feasible proposals?
In your opinion, what are the most important duties in the field of environmental protection?
In your opinion, what does good nutrition look like?
In your opinion, what was the last straw in the decline of the Soviet Union?
In your opinion, which bottle of wine tasted better?
In your opinion, who has been Brazil's best president up to now and why?
In your own house, everyone is a big man.
In your place I wouldn't drink that moonshine.
In your place, I wouldn't bet on it.
In your position, I'd probably have done the same thing.
In your quiet moments, do you think about drinking heavy cream without coffee?
In your reckoning, what accounts for these phenomena?
In your rosy cheeks rests innocence.
In your shoes, I would take this path.
In your shoes, I'd behave differently.
In your situation, I'd be more polite. Who knows what might happen...
In your thesis, you could at least replace a few German words with their English equivalents, so that it's not so obvious that it is plagiarised.
In your view, can we judge other people's religion or not?
In your view, can we judge other people’s religion or not?
In your youth, you surely wrote poems.
In youth we may have an absolutely new experience, subjective or objective, every hour of the day. Apprehension is vivid, retentiveness strong, and our recollections of that time, like those in a time spent in rapid and interesting travel, are of something intricate, multitudinous, and long-drawn-out. But as each passing year converts some of this experience into automatic routine which we hardly note at all, the days and the weeks smooth themselves out in recollection to a contentless unit, and the years grow hollow and collapse.
In Üsküdar which I have visited, across the Marmara Sea from Istanbul, there lives an old woman I know named Fatma.
In “Unfinished,” visitors will see a vast collection of 20th- and 21st-century works that demonstrate how even the best artists, whether intentionally or not, left work undone or appearing as if undone.
In, Algeria, schools and universities will be shut for the next two weeks.
In-flight Wi-Fi is available.
In-space electric propulsion can reduce the amount of fuel, or propellant, needed by up to 90% compared to chemical propulsion systems.
InSight’s team has been thinking up ways to try to clear dust from its solar panels for almost a year.
Inability to disprove a theory does not mean it is right.
Inaction can be a profound form of resistance.
Inaction can be deadlier than action.
Inadequate drainage can lead to flooding.
Inadequate government support continues to damage many economic sectors in Morocco.
Inadequate questions give rise to inadequate answers.
Inaugurations have grown from simple affairs into extravaganzas.
Inbreeding increases the risk of many genetic diseases.
Incandescent light bulbs have been around for more than a hundred years.
Incandescent lights bulbs are still in use to this day.
Incels aren't necessarily virgins.
Incels can also get married.
Incentives always help.
Incentives are always welcome.
Incentives are given to the students to do well on these standardized tests.
Incentives must be introduced.
Incessant taunting in childhood can be traumatic.
Incest is a taboo found in almost all cultures.
Incest occurs naturally in many animal species.
Incidentally a motorway ramp is being constructed in the neighbourhood, a few hundred metres away, of my clinic.
Incidentally, I have to tell you something.
Incidentally, I know that "rlpowell" is not a Lojban name.
Incidentally, I’m curious to know what that sign’s made out of. The “sign” part of the side is clearly quite thick, and the wood it’s attached to appears to be some manner of uneven plank.
Incidentally, that the gills of fish are bright red is because there are many 'capillary vessels' collected there, the same as for lungs.
Incidentally, that the gills of fish are bright red is because there are many ’capillary vessels’ collected there, the same as for lungs.
Incidentally, the kind of accompaniment pictured below is the so-called boom cha cha accompaniment. Waltz music is very popular with this kind of accompaniment.
Incidentally, this room doesn't have anything like an air conditioner. All it has is a hand-held paper fan.
Incidentally, this room doesn't have anything like an air-conditioner. All it has is a fan.
Incidentally, this room doesn’t have anything like an air conditioner. All it has is a hand-held paper fan.
Incidentally, this room doesn’t have anything like an air-conditioner. All it has is a fan.
Incidents broke out between the antigovernment protestors and law enforcement.
Incidents like this have happened before.
Incidents of sexual assault in the military are heavily under-reported.
Incidents such as these are run-of-the-mill.
Incitatus was Caligula's favorite horse.
Incitement to suicide is a crime.
Inciting racial hatred is a crime.
Include a stamped addressed envelope if you want a response.
Include balance exercises for stability.
Include flexibility exercises to improve range of motion.
Include fresh herbs with every meal.
Include it.
Include me in your plans.
Include restorative yoga for relaxation and recovery.
Include stretching exercises for injury prevention.
Include the chairman.
Include the chairmen.
Include these points in a 3-4 minute talk about your book.
Include two recent colour photos with your application.
Include your brother in your plans, he wants to be a part of your life.
Included in the draft declaration was a commitment from tiger countries to collaborate and coordinate efforts to protect tigers and their habitats across national boundaries and to improve enforcement of anti-poaching and trafficking laws.
Included in the printed matter category is what is called 'special mailbag printed matter'.
Included in the printed matter category is what is called ’special mailbag printed matter’.
Included in this number is everything from body contouring to full gender reassignment.
Including me, there are thirty people working on this project.
Including responses up to 'It bothers me a bit', over 70% of respondents said that they were concerned about their pores and skin texture.
Including responses up to ’It bothers me a bit’, over 70% of respondents said that they were concerned about their pores and skin texture.
Inclusive dialogue counters the effects of hate speech.
Income from this source is exempt from taxation.
Income from this source is exempt from taxes.
Income from this source is free of taxation.
Income from this source is free of taxes.
Income from this source is non-taxable.
Income from this source is nontaxable.
Income from this source is tax-exempt.
Income tax is progressive.
Income tax rates will likely rise.
Incoming mail can be sorted by name, date, or title.
Incoming!
Incompetent people are the ones who talk the most.
Inconceivable!
Incorporate balance exercises for stability and coordination.
Incorporate dates into your meals.
Incorporate functional exercises for everyday movements.
Incorporate interval training for fat burning.
Incorporate meditation or relaxation techniques into your routine.
Incorporate strength training exercises into your routine.
Incorporate stretching exercises for flexibility.
Incorporate yoga or Pilates for flexibility and core strength.
Increase by a little at a time the amount of exercise undertaken.
Increase his renown.
Increase the dose.
Increase the heat to brown the corn cake on both sides.
Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
Increase the value of the variable that is currently in memory by one.
Increase your visibility at work.
Increase your workout intensity gradually.
Increased CO₂ levels are significantly contributing to a general lack of nutrients in our crops.
Increased greenhouse gases from human activities result in climate change and ocean acidification.
Increased oil production supported growth averaging more than 17% per year from 2004 to 2008.
Increases in the frequency and intensity of extreme precipitation events are projected for all U.S. regions.
Increasing flooding risk affects human safety and health, property, infrastructure, economies, and ecology in many basins across the United States.
Increasing humor in our lives has the potential to benefit us both mentally and physically.
Increasing numbers of people in France resented the absolute rule by the king and the nobles of France.
Increasing numbers of people—particularly children and adolescents—are suffering from obesity, overweight and diabetes.
Increasing the electricity use by the world's poorest to cover the bare necessities won't really increase greenhouse gas emissions at all. What we have to do instead is to reduce, all the way down to what's strictly essential, the extraordinarily excessive and unnecessary use by the ultra-rich.
Increasingly, conservation groups are embracing the concept of working lands, where human activity and wildlife protection coexist rather than conflict.
Increasingly, magazines like Seventeen and CosmoGirl! have been featuring young ladies who are overweight, or short, or have big noses or small eyes. The message is that girls like this are beautiful, too — and teenagers seem to be listening. In the last two years, Seventeen magazine has increased its newsstand sales by seventeen percent.
Increasingly, we become so secure in our bubbles that we start accepting only information, whether it's true or not, that fits our opinions, instead of basing our opinions on the evidence that is out there.
Incredible!
Incredible! Esperanto in second place.
Incredible, isn't it?
Incredibly, Anna gave up studying for her PhD to devote herself entirely to YouTube.
Incredibly, Anna has given up her doctoral studies to devote herself entirely to YouTube.
Incredibly, Layla survived.
Incredibly, Sami clung to life.
Incredibly, Tom survived.
Incredibly, Yanni is still alive.
Incredibly, one of the students stood up and mooned the dean right in the middle of his speech.
Incredibly, the ewe is still alive, even though it spent two days inside the well.
Increment the semaphore by 1.
Incremental improvement is fine as long as the increments are large enough to see.
Incubating plants helps them grow.
Indecisive people don't last long here.
Indeed Chloe, richly attired, with her hair braided and her face shining from the bath, looked far more beautiful than before, and Daphnis himself could barely recognise her.
Indeed God exists.
Indeed every blessing, victory and state of prosperity derives only from God Almighty, who is a pious donor of victory and the true source of every kind of good thing.
Indeed he is rich, but he is not reliable.
Indeed he is still young, but he is very prudent.
Indeed he is young, but he is prudent.
Indeed he is young, but he is well experienced for his age.
Indeed he may be a little dull, but he is diligent.
Indeed monasticism was becoming popular, and the Merovingian period witnessed the foundation of numberless cloisters.
Indeed she is not beautiful, but she is good-natured.
Indeed she is young and beautiful, but she is in delicate health.
Indeed the Church has spoken and prayed in the languages of all peoples since Pentecost. Nevertheless, the Christian communities of the early centuries made frequent use of Greek and Latin, languages of universal communication in the world in which they lived and through which the newness of Christ’s word encountered the heritage of the Roman-Hellenistic culture.
Indeed the vulture is of real service in this respect, for he clears the carrion away from the hot countries he inhabits, which would otherwise putrify and infect the air.
Indeed this car is small, but it is powerful.
Indeed this chair is fine to look at, but it will not stand up to long use.
Indeed you know a lot of things, but you're not good at teaching them.
Indeed you know a lot of things, but you’re not good at teaching them.
Indeed!
Indeed, English is like a bad drug.
Indeed, Hans the Netherlander is a brave man, having had a leg amputated due to diabetes. He does not turn to Christianity because he has a good scientific background and he knows much about astronomy.
Indeed, I keep the closet closed.
Indeed, I keep the cupboard closed.
Indeed, I must have looked idiotic, for all eyes were fixed on me.
Indeed, I wish very much to see you; for many years have now elapsed since I last had that pleasure.
Indeed, Japanese sweets go well with Japanese tea.
Indeed, Tom claimed that Maria had made no spelling mistakes, however he simply hadn't spotted them, since he himself has not mastered perfect spelling.
Indeed, a remarkable aspect of the group is the way in which, despite its romantic tone and its Elizabethan form, it yet foreshadows the movement that English drama was about to make toward a ‘realistic’ presentment of life.
Indeed, but for some redeeming naval successes at Hatteras and Port Royal preceding the meeting of Congress in December, the whole belligerent operations would have been pronounced weak and imbecile failures.
Indeed, by now, although the god of the Shepherds was Baal, to whom they gave the name of Set because already it was well known upon the Nile, the Shepherd kings re-built the temples of Ra and Amun and Ptah, of Isis and of Hathor, that their forefathers had destroyed when first they invaded Egypt, and themselves made offerings in them, acknowledging these divinities.
Indeed, computers are destructive.
Indeed, computers are detrimental.
Indeed, dwarf tossing is an Olympic sport!
Indeed, he could have bitten off his tongue.
Indeed, how many and how important are the benefits which flow from the indissolubility of matrimony cannot escape anyone who gives even a brief consideration either to the good of the married parties and the offspring or to the welfare of human society.
Indeed, if we are strictly logical on the point of the euphony of language, the Italian dialect, which we deem so soft and liquid, sounds quite harsh, I’m told, in comparison with the labial syllables that the Polynesian islanders use in the South Seas.
Indeed, in hot weather it is important not to encase the ankles in heavy boots or leggings, as these would ensure overheating.
Indeed, in many respects, she was quite English, and was an excellent example of the fact that we have really everything in common with America nowadays, except, of course, language.
Indeed, in some parts of the world we can see the effects already.
Indeed, it's a word of great value.
Indeed, it's true.
Indeed, it’s true.
Indeed, she quite forgot her godmother's orders to her, so that she heard the clock begin to strike twelve when she thought it could not be more than eleven.
Indeed, she's right.
Indeed, sir! Who is the first?
Indeed, some writers do not think the relation of brain to consciousness is a causal relation in the first place.
Indeed, that place does appear to be far from here.
Indeed, the little flame seemed conscious of its own inability, and burned with a wavering and mistrustful flicker, as if it was discouraged in view of the task set before it, and had more than half concluded to go out altogether.
Indeed, the religion in the sight of Allah is Islam.
Indeed, there are so many religions in this world.
Indeed, there were seven of us.
Indeed, they had never passed the grotto without leaving some token of respect. In the morning when they led their flocks to pasture, and again in the evening ere they started home, they paid worship to the Deities, and presented either a flower, a green bough, some fruit, or a libation of milk, as an offering; and this piety, as we shall see presently, had its reward.
Indeed, you are right.
Indeed, you were right.
Indeed.
Indeed. He is young, but smart for his age.
Indeed... How did you know that?
Indemnity insurance policies protect the insured person, or the insured person's own property.
Indentured servitude and chattel slavery are two completely different things.
Indentured servitude is often contrasted with chattel slavery.
Independence Day is a federal holiday.
Independence day is on September 7th.
Independence for Western Sahara would enable the Sahrawi people to build their own democratic institutions and governance structures tailored to their specific needs and aspirations.
Independence is her reason for living.
Independence or death!
Independence? I'm not interested.
Independent Algeria has never been a monarchy.
Independent and unbiased media does not exist.
Independent for over 300 years, Iceland was subsequently ruled by Norway and Denmark.
India and China are two BRIC bloc countries.
India and Pakistan are basically the same nation, the same culture, the same civilization. I wish they never split.
India and South America's Mercosur trading bloc have signed an agreement slashing tariffs on more than 900 products in a trade boosting measure.
India announced one of the most stringent travel restrictions to date by suspending visas for all foreigners for at least one month.
India can't continue to play both sides.
India can't have its cake and eat it.
India celebrated the milestone of administering one billion doses of COVID-19 vaccines on Thursday, marking a key turnaround in a drive that got off the ground slowly earlier this year.
India didn't condemn the war in Ukraine.
India gained independence from Britain in 1947.
India has 28 states and 8 union territories as of April 2021.
India has a cuisine rich in regional flavour.
India has a different climate from England.
India has a large Muslim population.
India has a long, rich history.
India has a poor education system.
India has a very old history.
India has banned TikTok.
India has closed the iconic Taj Mahal, one of the world’s most visited tourist sites, as it battles the spread of coronavirus.
India has officially overtaken China as the world's most populous country.
India has reached Mars with a robotic spacecraft, which is just India's first to Mars.
India has shown impressive growth.
India ink produces an interesting pattern when used as a dye.
India is a Hindu majority country but it also has a 100 million Muslim minority.
India is a beautiful and diverse country.
India is a colorful country.
India is a developing country.
India is a diverse country.
India is a hub of cultures.
India is a land of peace.
India is a populous country.
India is a rare country to have a ministry dedicated to traditional medicine.
India is a region rich in culinary culture.
India is a region rich in local flavors.
India is a religiously diverse country.
India is a union of twenty-eight states and seven union territories.
India is accelerating action against the monkeypox virus after reporting its first death due to monkeypox in the southern state of Kerala, that of a 22-year-old man who had recently returned from the United Arab Emirates.
India is an unsafe place for women travelers.
India is attempting to maintain its middle ground.
India is becoming a rich nation.
India is called "Bharat" in Hindi.
India is developing economically.
India is fairly ambivalent on the Ukraine War.
India is famous for the corpulence of its beasts.
India is getting the opportunity to do life insurance business in Bangladesh.
India is growing quickly on the world stage.
India is in Asia.
India is my country.
India is now short of food.
India is now the fifth largest economy.
India is one of the most populated countries in the world.
India is one of the world's most populated countries.
India is playing cricket.
India is poised to surpass China and become the world's most populous country.
India is populous.
India is religiously diverse.
India is selling weapons to Armenia.
India is set to rollout a momentous tax reform at midnight Friday that will transform the country of 1.3 billion people into a single market.
India is such a lovely country.
India is the largest democracy in the world.
India is the seventh largest country in the world.
India is the third largest country in Asia.
India is watching to see if the country’s traditional greeting, the namaste, described as “virus-proof,” goes global as some world leaders adopt it amid the coronavirus pandemic.
India needs better vocational programs.
India needs to fight anti-Muslim discrimination.
India needs to improve the living standards of its huge population.
India needs to invest much more in education.
India needs to rebalance its workforce.
India only spends 3% of its GDP on public health.
India plays cricket.
India rules sex with underage wife constitutes rape.
India says it has found nearly 6 million metric tons of lithium-rich bauxite around the village of Salal of the Reasi district in Indian-administered Jammu and Kashmir.
India should not become a nationalist Hindu state.
India spends 2% of its GDP on primary and secondary education.
India was Hindu, then it became Buddhist, then it became Hindu again, as Hinduism reabsorbed Buddhism.
India was governed by Great Britain for many years.
India was once a colony in the British Empire, but now Indian tutors are helping to teach math to some British children over high-speed Internet connections.
India was ruled by Great Britain for many years.
India was subject to the British Empire.
India's 21-day ban on venturing out puts nearly one-fifth of the world's population under lockdown.
India's Independence Day is celebrated on the fifteenth of August.
India's advancements in technology and innovation are driving global progress.
India's ambitions to create a domestic semiconductor manufacturing capability got a boost with this week's announcement of a $19.5 billion investment by Taiwanese electronic company Foxconn and local conglomerate Vedanta.
India's ambitious mission to land an unmanned probe on the moon suffered a setback when its space agency lost contact with the landing craft minutes before it was to make a critical touchdown on the lunar surface.
India's ancient architecture, such as the Taj Mahal, showcases incredible craftsmanship.
India's ancient scriptures and philosophical teachings offer profound wisdom and spiritual guidance.
India's capital city is New Delhi.
India's economy is falling behind.
India's film industry, Bollywood, has produced some of the most entertaining and iconic movies.
India's founding fathers dreamed of a secular state.
India's main exports to Mercosur nations included pharmaceutical and chemical products. Imports included edible oils and non-electrical machinery.
India's opposition Congress Party workers celebrated Saturday as Rahul Gandhi from India's famous Nehru-Gandhi political dynasty took over as president of the party.
India's rich cultural heritage and diversity are truly remarkable.
India, or Bhārat, is still a mysterious place for me. I have studied a bit of Sanskrit and Pali, Sanskrit being the liturgical language of Hinduism and Northern Buddhism, whilst Pali being the liturgical language of Southern Buddhism. I am a close friend of Jai, who comes from an East Indian family of Hindu orientation. Jai, a software engineer, is married to a German, Erika. They met in Europe and moved to Canada here. Jai and Erika with two daughters, Charlotte and Johanna, lived in a condo near Kitsilano Beach in Vancouver, BC. Jai tries to speak German. His kids learn German, French, and English. Jai and I used to have lunches and dinners at Japanese restaurants. Jai viewed Vancouver as too big a city, and he wanted to move to a smaller town.
Indian classical music and dance forms are captivating and deeply rooted in tradition.
Indian cuisine is a tantalizing mix of flavors and spices that tickle the taste buds.
Indian forces have been known to use pellet guns against protestors in Kashmir.
Indian immigration to Australia has surged, overtaking China, according to national census data released Tuesday.
Indian migrant doctors in Australia are dispensing medical advice through phone lines and via the internet, about hospital treatment and drugs to help patients in India fend off coronavirus infections.
Indian movies are attracting millions globally.
Indian summer.
Indian summers run into October.
Indian women are not allowed to work outside their houses.
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull also features English actor Ray Winstone as Indy's duplicitous partner; and Karen Allen returns to the series for the first time since Raiders of the Lost Ark, playing Marion Ravenwood, the only woman who can stand up to the hero.
Indiana Jones wondered if it wasn't a trap when the room became silent.
Indianapolis got one last chance with the ball, but a fumble by a player ended any hopes for the team.
Indians and Russians are our friends.
Indians are extremely optimistic about their economy.
Indians are much younger than the Chinese.
Indians inhabited this district.
Indians know their country by many names: "Bharat" from Sanskrit, "Hindustan" from Persian and "India" from English.
India—Bhārat—is still full of mystery to me. I still cannot differentiate Hindi from Punjabi upon overhearing a conversation. Of East Indian languages, my favourites are Pali, Sanskrit, and Tamil. Pali is the liturgical language of Southern Buddhism, whilst Sanskrit is the liturgical language of Northern Buddhism and Hinduism. Tamil is official in Singapore, along with Mandarin, Malay, and English.
India’s Independence Day is celebrated on the fifteenth of August.
India’s prime minister met with U.S. and Indian students at the National Science Foundation to underscore these ties.
Indicate by holding up the appropriate number of fingers!
Indicate size, color, and style on the order form.
Indicate the applicable numeral, by holding up the corresponding number of fingers.
Indicate the correct option.
Indicate.
Indices for the economy are quantitative measures and don't account for qualitative aspects of lifestyle. The indices are from a Western perspective.
Indifference is a double-edged weapon.
Indifference is common.
Indifference is like the ice on the poles: it kills everything.
Indifference is the mildest form of intolerance.
Indifference is worse than hatred.
Indifference reigns.
Indifference, self-centeredness, division and forgetfulness are not words we want to hear at this time. We want to ban these words forever!
Indigeneity only matters selectively to the so-called "anti-imperialist" bloc.
Indigenous Americans discovered America more than 10,000 years ago.
Indigenous Americans traveled along the coast in dugouts.
Indigenous Australians have eaten kangaroos for millennia.
Indigenous rights and sovereignty deserve protection and recognition.
Indigenous techniques have limited the severity and scale of brushfires that break out every year across northern Australia's vast savannahs.
Indigenous women often served as interpreters and could introduce their men to their people.
Indigo blue is one of Japan's traditional colours.
Indira never addresses her husband by name.
Indirect communication is feminine.
Indirect communication is the primary form of communication used by girls.
Indirectness has value in imagining thought.
Individual Jews do both good and bad things, just as individual non-Jews do.
Individual atoms can combine with other atoms to form molecules.
Individual capitalists behave in such a way as to threaten the conditions that permit the reproduction of the capitalist class.
Individual desires are often checked by societal expectations.
Individual freedom is the foundation of democracy.
Individual freedom is the soul of democracy.
Individual genes specify individual functions, but the relationship between genes enables physiology.
Individual liberty is the essence of democracy.
Individual preferences play an important role in this field.
Individual results may vary.
Individual striking English words such as walkie-talkie were gladly accepted.
Individual unconventional plays are usually discussed under the province in which the play is principally located.
Individualism is the 21st century's epidemic.
Individuality is stressed in the Western world.
Individuality is very important in the West.
Individuality is very important to her.
Individuals and restaurants are beginning to grow some of their own food in the only space available to them - their roofs.
Individuals are born at the moment of their passing.
Individuals are mere appearances. In reality, we are all ONE.
Individuals can be wise, but groups that interact properly are wiser.
Individuals do not exist for the development of the State.
Individuals have international duties which transcend the national obligations of obedience.
Individuals interpret situations differently.
Individuals invent.
Individuals praise one another for creativity.
Indolent youth creates a begging old age.
Indonesia and some African countries have established teak plantations, although the tree is not native there.
Indonesia consists of many islands and two peninsulas.
Indonesia frequently experiences earthquakes.
Indonesia had many Japanese holdout soldiers.
Indonesia has made permanent a 2011 moratorium on logging and land-clearing for oil palm plantations, which had been a major driver of deforestation.
Indonesia has the largest number of Muslims in the world.
Indonesia is an archipelago made up of thousands of islands which are disaster-prone. Rampangilei noted that 150 million Indonesians live in danger of earthquakes, 60 million from floods, and four million at risk from tsunamis.
Indonesia is an enormous country which consists of more than 17,000 islands, numbering over 300 tribes and over 700 languages.
Indonesia is often struck by earthquakes.
Indonesia is struggling to hold back a torrent of hot mud that has buried entire villages and displaced more than 12,000 people since it began spewing from under the ground more than 10 months ago.
Indonesia is the largest country in South-East Asia.
Indonesia is the largest country in the world situated only on islands.
Indonesia is unique in its stance towards religion.
Indonesia's Mount Merapi volcano erupted Tuesday, sending a massive cloud of ash high into the air over Java island and shutting down a nearby airport.
Indonesia's plantation-grown teak is of the world's highest quality.
Indonesian has long been regarded as the local bridge language.
Indonesian is apparently very easy.
Indonesian is of the Austronesian language family, as are Tagalog, Hawaiian, and over a thousand other languages.
Indonesian officials say two volcanos erupted Monday, forcing the rerouting of flights and preventing thousands of people who had already been evacuated from returning home.
Indonesian rescue officials continued the search Wednesday for several people still missing after a ferry sank Tuesday in rough seas off the coast of Bali.
Indonesian royalty began to adopt Islam.
Indonesians were Islamized by Arab merchants.
Indonesia’s Mount Merapi, the nation’s most active volcano, erupted Friday, sending ash some five kilometers into the air.
Indonesia’s Mount Sinabung erupted Monday, sending a huge cloud of volcanic ash and dust as high as five kilometers into the sky.
Indoor environments often contain elevated levels of carbon dioxide and lowered levels of oxygen. Studies have shown that such conditions lead to reduced cognitive ability as well as negative health effects; this is detrimental to students' academic performance as well as their overall health.
Indoor tanning is particularly dangerous for younger users.
Indu claimed that she could fuck five men at the same time.
Indu claimed that she could have sex with five men at the same time.
Indubitably.
Induced drag is a byproduct of lift.
Induction cookers use magnets to directly heat pots and pans.
Induction cooktops use magnets.
Induction to our society requires the renunciation of all other allegiances, including to one's country and family.
Inductive reasoning is like scientific investigation. It consists of drawing conclusions from observations. These conclusions turn into general laws if they're considered valid for all similar cases.
Indulge me with your saucy dating stories.
Indulgence alone is not kindness.
Indus, bodyguard of Nero Claudius Caesar Augustus, from the decury of Secundus, from the Batavian Nation, lived 36 years. Here is he buried. Eumenes, his brother and heir from the society of the Germanic peoples, put him here.
Industrial activity is brisk.
Industrial activity is concentrated on processing farm commodities.
Industrial and power outputs have stagnated for years at a fraction of pre-1990 levels.
Industrial areas tend to be on the outskirts of cities.
Industrial countries must reduce environmental pollution and sign the Kyoto Protocol.
Industrial countries require a lot of skilled labor.
Industrial disputes are still a problem.
Industrial emissions cause air pollution.
Industrial neighborhoods that included residential shacks and stables, belching smokestacks and a huge gas-storage tank, the city’s most opulent brothel, and a muddy lane called “Louse Alley” — as in the bloodsucking insect — rose just across the Capitol’s reflecting pool.
Industrial production in July rose sharply.
Industrial production rose sharply in July.
Industrial waste floating on the water literally set Ohio’s Cuyahoga River on fire.
Industrial wastes pollute the earth.
Industrialisation is vital to Kazakhstan’s competitiveness in the globally developing world.
Industrialization had a great influence on the development of the economy in Japan.
Industrialization of the region must be carried out very carefully to avoid environmental destruction.
Industrialization often goes hand in hand with pollution.
Industrialized agriculture is a major contributor to climate change.
Industries increasingly became geared for outer space.
Industrious people look down on laziness.
Industry accounts for nearly 22% of GDP while employing less than 6% of the workforce.
Industry as we know it today didn't exist at that time.
Industry as we know it today didn't exist in those days.
Industry as we know it today didn’t exist in those days.
Industry could provide employment to millions of Algerians.
Industry in France is dead.
Industry is the root of all ugliness.
Industry needs steel.
Industry requires steel.
Industry was growing quickly.
Inefficiency is a form of waste.
Inequality is huge in Morocco.
Inertia is an important governing law.
Inertia is inherent in any material object.
Inertia kills you in this world.
Ines Ibbou is an Algerian tennis player.
Ines Ibbou is one of Africa's best tennis players.
Ines Ibbou, an Algerian tennis player, recorded a message to answer Dominic Thiem's dismissive remarks.
Inexpensive bed nets treated with insecticide may hold the key to eradicating a debilitating disease that threatens one-fifth of the world's population—mainly those living in Southeast Asia and Africa.
Inexperienced climbers often suffer with altitude sickness.
Infant mortality has been increasing in America recently.
Infants are not conscious of good and evil.
Infants are subject to diseases.
Infants, young children, people 65 or older, and those with weakened immune systems are more likely than others to develop severe illness.
Infect the area with cholera.
Infected people kept falling to the ground.
Infected persons should wear masks to keep from releasing the virus into the air in respiratory droplets.
Infection rates in Britain are exceeding worst-case scenarios.
Infections typically begin in the throat or skin.
Infectious diseases are caused by prions, viruses, rickettsia, chlamydia, bacteria, pathogenic fungi and protozoa.
Infectious mononucleosis, commonly also called glandular fever, is an infection most commonly affecting adolescents and young adults.
Inferiority and superiority complexes often give rise to the same behaviours.
Inferiority complex - what exactly does that mean?
Inferiority complexes are more common than we think.
Inferiors revolt in order that they may be equal, and equals that they may be superior. Such is the state of mind which creates revolutions.
Infidelity is a major sin in Islam.
Infidelity is the end of love.
Infinite patience and infinite impatience: one of these two expressions makes sense and the other doesn't.
Infinite points exist in a plane.
Infinite scrolling actively harms users to benefit corporate interests.
Infinite scrolling is deliberately addictive.
Infinite scrolling is user-hostile.
Infinity can't really be understood by the human mind.
Inflamed as it was, the sty hurt every time she closed her eye.
Inflammatory bowel diseases, such as Crohn’s disease and ulcerative colitis, are extremely painful and can lead to colorectal cancer.
Inflate the balloons.
Inflation continues to bedevil the global economy.
Inflation has been kept under control.
Inflation has been plaguing Algeria for the past five years.
Inflation has grown slightly in Algeria.
Inflation has remained under control since 2006.
Inflation has spiraled out of control.
Inflation hurts a lot of people.
Inflation inflicts a creeping expropriation upon savers.
Inflation is a hidden tax.
Inflation is a result of failed policy.
Inflation is an artificially generated process.
Inflation is cumulative.
Inflation is diminishing the value of Algeria's national currency.
Inflation is down.
Inflation is forecast to reach 1 million percent in Venezuela by the end of the year.
Inflation is getting out of control.
Inflation is going down.
Inflation is nothing but financial speculation.
Inflation is now extremely high.
Inflation is on the rise.
Inflation is soaring in Morocco.
Inflation may be easing down at present but the overall price level is still around 20 percent higher than in January 2021.
Inflation over the same period remained tame and the currency, the kuna, stable.
Inflation peaked at over 800% per year in October 2016 but dropped to 118% in 2017.
Inflation rates have significantly risen in the last two years in Algeria.
Inflation remained very low in 2016, down from an average of 4% in 2014.
Inflation should be checked.
Inflation this year is going to be worse than we initially thought.
Inflation was controlled.
Influenced by European sexologists like Magnus Hirschfeld and Havelock Ellis, 19th century American doctors attempted to “diagnose” and “treat” what they considered pathological sexual behavior.
Influencers are paid to promote products, like beauty and fashion brands.
Influencers are paid to promote products.
Influencers are paid to show off products.
Influencers are the real celebrities of this generation.
Influencers promote products by telling personal stories.
Influenza makes my whole body ache and leaves me exhausted.
Influenza, measles, pox and chicken-pox are infectious and contagious diseases.
Influenza, measles, pox and chickenpox are infectious and contagious diseases.
InfoGlobalData provides customized B2B email and mailing lists, combining human expertise with AI intelligence to deliver privacy-compliant contact databases. Their services empower businesses to connect with targeted audiences across various industries, enhancing marketing strategies and outreach efforts.
Inform Tom quickly.
Inform her about the situation.
Inform him about the situation.
Inform me of the details.
Inform that woman that her son is all right.
Inform your father of my arrival.
Informal diction is always full of mystery and surrealism.
Informal language in academic writing sounds unprofessional.
Informal, outdoor play has been declining in Australia.
Informatics is a specific branch of knowledge.
Information about nutrition is available on most packaged foods.
Information about the Bangladesh Startup Cup can be found on the Facebook page.
Information about the event is updated whenever necessary on this website.
Information about tuition fees is available at the secretariat and online.
Information can be the theme of a text.
Information can change minds.
Information comes faster than people can process it.
Information creates opportunity.
Information drives innovation.
Information empowers decision-making.
Information flows faster than ever before.
Information from the Mars Odyssey spacecraft shows that the U.S. space agency NASA will have to take strong measures to shield visitors from the radiation that is pelting the planet.
Information fuels creativity.
Information fuels innovation.
Information gathered by satellites can tell us about ocean bathymetry, sea surface temperature, ocean color, coral reefs, and sea and lake ice.
Information has a single necessary and sufficient cause, and it is known to Science: an intelligent mind.
Information is an important part of our society.
Information is at our fingertips.
Information is coming through in dribs and drabs.
Information is coming through in dribs and drabs. A clear picture is yet to emerge.
Information is given in English at every airport.
Information is key to survival.
Information is moving at the speed of light.
Information is necessary. Its absence gives rise not to a vacuum, but rather to the spread of rumours, gossip and misunderstandings.
Information is not knowledge, knowledge is not wisdom, wisdom is not truth, truth is not beauty, beauty is not love, love is not music, music is the best.
Information is power.
Information is sometimes held back from patients when it is thought it might upset them.
Information is the backbone of modern life.
Information is the currency of the future.
Information is the foundation of education.
Information processing permeates all aspects of life.
Information shapes how we view the world.
Information shapes reality.
Information sometimes varies dramatically according to format: my news feed truncated the last word of the headline "Ex-boyfriend backs Cain accuser".
Information spreads rapidly in the digital age.
Information suggests that the first honey bee colonies arrived in the Colony of Virginia from England early in 1622.
Information systems security protects against industrial espionage.
Information theory about information entropy and physics talk about entropy are two different concepts that have the same name.
Information travels faster than ever.
Information will be provided on a need-to-know basis.
Informed consent is essential.
Informed of her safety, he breathed a sigh of relief.
Informed of his safety, the manager breathed a sigh of relief.
Informed of their safety, the premier breathed a sigh of relief.
Infrared and ultra-violet rays are types of light invisible to the human eye.
Infrared and ultraviolet light are invisible to the human eye.
Infrared radiation, visible light, and ultraviolet light are all types of waves in the electromagnetic spectrum.
Infrared waves have less energy than visible light waves.
Infrasonic waves have a frequency of less than 20Hz.
Infrastructure is a priority for the Algerian government.
Infrastructure needs to be a major priority for the Algerian government.
Infringe copyrights.
Ing, lover of the reigner, a too-grand tourin' leads / In clover, of th'arena to Grand To'er, in Leeds.
Inge got worse rather than better as she grew older; but she was very pretty.
Inge put on all her best clothes, and her fine new shoes.
Inge was a sinful girl, who did not value the gifts of God, but trampled them under her feet.
Inge was sent into service in the country with some rich people. They treated her as if she had been their own child, and dressed her in the same style. She grew prettier and prettier, but her pride grew, too.
Inge was taken to the house of some rich people, who lived at a distance, and who treated her as their own child, and dressed her so fine that her pride and arrogance increased.
Inge's mother was sitting on a stone to rest, with a faggot of sticks lying before her, which she had picked up in the wood.
Ingenious solutions often capture our attention because of their simplicity.
Ingenuity became the first aircraft to make a powered, controlled flight on another planet, and recently completed more than 30 minutes of cumulative flight time.
Ingenuity weighs just 1.8 kilograms.
Ingibjörg loved me when I was in Stavanger.
Ingo loves her.
Ingratiating behaviour can be really annoying.
Ingredients beyond these basic constituents are added for variations in flavor and texture.
Ingrid used a bulldog clip to secure the large stack of papers together.
Inhabitants glance quickly at their watches while descending the crowded subway stairs.
Inhabitants were not permitted to enter the area.
Inhale and exhale evenly through your nose.
Inhale and watch your belly expand.
Inhale through the nose.
Inhale through your nose.
Inhale, and God approaches you. Hold the inhalation, and God remains with you. Exhale, and you approach God. Hold the exhalation, and surrender to God.
Inhale, and exhale.
Inhale.
Inhaling concentrated acetic acid can harm your lungs.
Inhaling diesel exhaust is bad for our health.
Inhaling these fumes could cause damage to your lungs.
Inherent in him is the idea that being gay is only a source of suffering.
Inhospitality against the elderly is an unfortunate thing.
Inhumanity is one of the signal and characteristic qualities of humanity.
Iniesta: "Cesc, Xavi and I are not compatible".
Initial here.
Initial readings indicate an influx of toxic chemicals.
Initial tests of McIntyre's well water showed unsafe levels of toluene, a volatile and toxic petrochemical that causes nausea and headaches.
Initially I found it difficult to deal with my new environment.
Initially my mother tried to help me but soon she gave up.
Initially there were challenges.
Initially this gave rise to gossip among petty people, and it gradually provoked criticism from members of our family.
Initially we had some problems with our computer system, but they've been sorted out now.
Initially we had some problems with our computer system, but they’ve been sorted out now.
Initially, Europeans distrusted the potato and nicknamed it "the devil's apple".
Initially, Fyodor refused to talk to Rima.
Initially, I was sceptical.
Initially, I was skeptical.
Initially, everything seemed difficult.
Initially, not a single person had faith in you.
Initially, the government appropriated all of their land so they could be used by foreign investors.
Injured to the very depths of my soul, bleeding still from cruel wounds, I ask that my more intimate feelings and secret hopes may no longer be delivered to the malevolence of the public.
Injuries are another problem.
Injuries are frequent.
Injuries are part of the sport. You cannot say a player's loss "doesn't count" because he was not in top form due to an injury. Avoiding injuries is just another important skill to be learned.
Injuries can happen to anybody.
Injuries can happen to anyone.
Injuries may be forgiven, but not forgotten.
Injuries will happen.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
Injustice breeds injustice.
Injustice is a root cause of migration.
Injustice is the cause of misfortunes.
Injustice summons injustice. Violence begets violence.
Ink stains are hard to wash out.
Inline skates are like ice skates, but with wheels instead of blades.
Inline skating is very similar to ice skating.
Inmates killed each other over minor conflicts.
Inmates were forced to sleep in one cell, often sideways.
Inna lay down under the canopy and fell fast asleep.
Innate right is that right which belongs to everyone by nature, independent of all juridical acts of experience.
Inner beauty, I'll believe in it when my dick has eyes.
Inner beauty, I’ll believe in it when my dick has eyes.
Inner peace often comes from within, not from a bank account.
Innocence and optimism have one basic failing: they have no fundamental depth.
Innocence is a beautiful thing.
Innocence should not be mistaken for naiveness.
Innocence, most often, is a blessing and not a virtue.
Innocent Palestinians are dying in Gaza.
Innocent people are dying without any favourable outcome in sight.
Innovate or perish.
Innovation has something to do with the faculty to notice unusual phenomena.
Innovation is obliterating the need for public radio.
Innovation is the difference between a pathfinder and a path follower.
Innovation is the difference between the one who shows the way and the one who follows it.
Innovation is the key to economic and industrial progress.
Innovation makes the difference between those who lead and those who obey.
Innovation makes the difference between who leads and who obeys.
Innovation sometimes means moving past traditional methods.
Innovation takes perspiration.
Innovations will be grossly overestimated at first, but grossly underestimated in the long run.
Innovative assistive technologies like screen readers really don't get enough VC funding.
Innovators need inspiration.
Innovators think outside the box.
Innsbruck is looking rather lovely today.
Innsbruck, I must leave you.
InoTV is a Russian-language news channel.
Inoculation was invented in the 1800s.
Inoue doesn't like computers.
Inoue doesn’t like computers.
Input your email address.
Input your name.
Inquiring minds want to know.
Insanity is relative. It depends on who has who locked in what cage.
Insanity is repeating the same mistakes and expecting different results.
Insanity means doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
Insanity!
Insatiably greedy.
Insect sounds are coming from the garden.
Insect-eating plants are equipped with various kinds of traps to catch insects.
Insecticides are agricultural chemicals that exterminate insects harmful to plants.
Insects are arthropods.
Insects are attracted to light.
Insects are beginning to form part of delicious dishes in various regions in Mexico and in the world.
Insects are everywhere.
Insects are full of proteins.
Insects are interesting creatures.
Insects are invertebrates.
Insects are like little monsters.
Insects are miniature marvels that the planet can't live without.
Insects are miniature marvels.
Insects are nothing unusual during the summer months.
Insects are so weird.
Insects are the food of the future.
Insects are the only invertebrates that can fly.
Insects are the only winged arthropods.
Insects are very nutritious and a good source of protein.
Insects can be pretty annoying.
Insects clean up the planet.
Insects don't show this behavior.
Insects have a hard skin.
Insects have been around before the dinosaurs.
Insects have body armors.
Insects have shaped the face of the world.
Insects have six legs.
Insects live everywhere.
Insects look gross at first, but, if you watch them closely, some of them are cuter than you'd think.
Insects pollinate the plants we depend on.
Insects shed their skins.
Insecurities about my physical appearance consume my thoughts.
Insecurity rules next to chaos in the city of Rio de Janeiro.
Insensitive remarks can be hurtful, especially if they come from close friends.
Insensitive remarks can be hurtful.
Insert it wherever you like.
Insert it!
Insert sentence here.
Insert sound files here.
Insert the VHS tape into the slot, and press play.
Insert the disc.
Insert the disk.
Insert this memory stick into my head, please!
Inshallah, soon we'll be home.
Inside Madison's old Washburn Observatory, a fat little engine rumbles away, pulling a series of gears that creak open the facility's shutter.
Inside Ziri's car, police found a strange knife.
Inside a hut that echoed with emptiness at Masizini, a village in the interior of South Africa’s Wild Coast region, a woman in a pink uniform, its shoulders adorned with purple padding into which silver and blue medals were pinned, folded her ample arms, sighed and laughed.
Inside a sprawling barn on a farm outside Cambridge, Wisconsin, Tina Hinchley tends to hundreds of cows as part of her daily chores.
Inside every cynical person is a disappointed idealist.
Inside me, fear started to build up.
Inside my backpack there are many colored pens, red ones, blue ones, green ones, etc.
Inside polling stations, voters marked their paper ballots behind closed curtains, before dropping them into an opaque plastic box. Civil servants overseeing the election then daubed voters' thumbs with indelible ink to prevent anyone from voting twice.
Inside that murky vial, attached to the negative electrode like barnacles to a ship's hull, an unusual type of bacteria feast on particles of organic waste and produce electricity that is captured by the battery's positive electrode.
Inside the Brazilian American Cultural Institute in Washington, voices babble in American accented Portuguese as students from a variety of backgrounds gather to study Brazilian Portuguese.
Inside the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum, there is a "Peace Watch Tower" that counts both the number of days since the nuclear bombing on Hiroshima as well as the days passed since the most recent nuclear weapons testing.
Inside the Zarzuela Palace, the spacious residence of King Felipe VI of Spain, there is a corridor dedicated to cartoons about the royal family.
Inside the beehive, it smelled like honey.
Inside the box is a jumble of yellowed and crinkly paper.
Inside the box there were three puppies.
Inside the box was a golden necklace worth thousands of dollars.
Inside the box were cuttings from newspapers and magazines.
Inside the cabin, Gustavo had a comfortable bed.
Inside the cabin, Gustavo had a well-equipped kitchen.
Inside the chest, there are the heart and the lungs.
Inside the closet are some clothes.
Inside the corona, Parker Solar Probe will provide unprecedented observations of what drives the wide range of particles, energy and heat that course through the region — flinging particles outward into the solar system and far past Neptune.
Inside the corona, it’s also, of course, unimaginably hot. The spacecraft will travel through material with temperatures greater than a million degrees Fahrenheit while being bombarded with intense sun light.
Inside the court, prosecutors tried to dismantle the defense's arguments one by one.
Inside the doorway to the right, a DJ was playing records.
Inside the fridge is a small child.
Inside the hall were music, laughter, and wine on every hand.
Inside the house, it's very cool.
Inside the house.
Inside the magnetosphere, the density of the space plasma — charged particles, like electrons and ions — is much lower than the plasma outside, where the solar wind prevails. The boundary, called the magnetopause, becomes unstable when the two different density regions move at different rates. Giant swirls, called Kelvin Helmholtz waves, form along the edge like crashing ocean waves.
Inside the magnetosphere, the density of the space plasma—charged particles, like electrons and ions—is much lower than the plasma outside, where the solar wind prevails. The boundary, called the magnetopause, becomes unstable when the two different density regions move at different rates.
Inside the museum, visitors can see other creatures, from tarantulas to roaches, but Karner says they are all part of the same natural environment.
Inside the plane, half a dozen scientists are fine-tuning 10 kinds of weather sensors, including microwave and laser. They stay on board, monitoring their instruments, as pilots fly over pre-selected snowy mountains, and high, snowy mesas. They’re seeking accurate snow measurements, even when craggy peaks mean snow is at different levels in the peaks and the valleys. Even when trees and forests hide the snow.
Inside the prism, violet light slows down more than red light.
Inside the room there is a smell of smoke.
Inside the room, it was as dark as it gets.
Inside the room, it was pitch black.
Inside the tent that night she shivered with cold.
Inside the venue, sounds of clapping, whistling, yelling, laughing blended together.
Inside this church, parishioners clench their eyes shut and lift their hands skyward as their lips move in prayer during the service.
Inside this circular kraal was a low hut.
Inside you there are two wolves.
Inside yourself, outside yourself, you'll fall from the zenith to the nadir, for that was your destiny, your miserly destiny.
Inside, Mary was boiling with rage, but she didn't let it show in the slightest.
Inside, it's very hot, but outside its freezing.
Inside, students are getting ready to take their final exams — milling around the classroom, laughing and chatting.
Inside, the cat is sleeping.
Inside, there was literally nothing.
Inside, they're depressed, but if you looked at them you'd never know it.
Inside, they’re depressed, but if you looked at them you’d never know it.
Insider trading is illegal.
Insight is critical to change.
Insist on the best.
Insist.
Insisting is stubbornness. To persevere is determination.
Insofar as possible, our examples will be drawn from English.
Insofar as we know, Tom is guilty.
Insofar as we know, he is guilty.
Insolation and the lack of antioxidants caused Tom's face to age quickly.
Insomnia is a lifestyle disease.
Insomnia is very common.
Insomuch that Abimelech himself said to Isaac: Depart from us, for thou art become much mightier than we.
Inspect utensils for signs of wear and tear, like loose handles.
Inspect your tires for wear and tear, and replace them if necessary.
Inspecting the rusty tool, I noticed the faint insignia of a long-defunct brand.
Inspector Dan Anderson collected forensic evidence from the scene.
Inspector Dan Anderson found no fingerprints on the hammer.
Inspector Dan Anderson had two crimes to solve.
Inspector Gregory was full of his case, and poured out a stream of remarks, while Holmes threw in an occasional question or interjection.
Inspector Gregory, to whom the case has been committed, is an extremely competent officer.
Inspector Gregory, to whom the case has been committed, is an extremely competent officer. Were he but gifted with imagination he might rise to great heights in his profession.
Inspector Nani spent the next afternoon sifting through evidence.
Inspector Nani wants to catch the killer on his weakness.
Inspector Nani wants to solve this case once and for all.
Inspector Tom Jackson questioned Mary for hours.
Inspector, try to keep a lid on the situation until we can get more police down there.
Inspectors general are an essential tool in helping Congress execute its constitutional oversight of the executive branch, and any time one is terminated, it naturally will raise some questions.
Inspiration comes slowly.
Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working.
Inspiration is hard to come by.
Inspiration strikes at the most unexpected times.
Inspired by Asian religions, he created beautiful sculptures.
Inspired by a friend, I tried starting a blog.
Inspired by her teachers, Pharamp is going to start her solar career tomorrow.
Inspired by such examples, Diamandis raised $10 million in prize money for the first person to develop and pilot a private manned spacecraft into sub-orbit.
Instability in Algeria could have consequences for Europe.
Instagram and WhatsApp are owned by Facebook.
Instagram and WhatsApp were bought by Facebook.
Instagram is destroying society.
Instagram’s current Stories feature allows users to share a photo or video that disappears after 24 hours, like the popular social media app Snapchat.
Install Gentoo.
Install Linux!
Install a vending machine in our office.
Install properly the fans and radiator in your computer case.
Install the apparatus in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
Installing a towel rack is super easy.
Installing autonomous heating is often the only way to ensure a comfortable temperature in your home.
Installing low-flow fixtures in homes is a simple way to improve water efficiency.
Instant feedback!
Instant messaging apps make communication easy and quick.
Instant noodles are a staple among college students.
Instant noodles are inexpensive.
Instant noodles are the official food of Gen Z.
Instantly I regretted my words.
Instantly the girl saw her mother, she burst out crying.
Instantly, Michael felt like vomitting.
Instantly, Rodrigo realized that that man didn't work there.
Instead of French, he began to study Esperanto.
Instead of a response, he shook his head no.
Instead of a tree, in Spain it's traditional to put up a nativity scene for Christmas.
Instead of a wagging tail and what looks like a happy smile that dogs project, cats sneer at us haughtily, and sometimes they seem to squint and look inscrutably wise.
Instead of acting your problems out, you need to fix them.
Instead of adding, I had to learn to subtract.
Instead of admitting defeat with dignity, the US is still trying to stir trouble in Europe and East Asia.
Instead of answering, Donald tried to run away.
Instead of answering, she moved a piece of chewing gum in her mouth from one cheek to the other.
Instead of asking Tom to do it, why don't you just do it yourself?
Instead of asking people what's wrong with them, ask what happened to them.
Instead of beating around the bush, Jones got straight to the point.
Instead of being a source of inspiration, the English teacher became a source of discouragement.
Instead of being a source of support, the English teacher became an obstacle in the language learning journey of foreign students.
Instead of being an advocate for inclusivity, the English teacher reinforced linguistic barriers.
Instead of being caged indoors, night and day, the ducks and hens are kept in a large fenced yard with plenty of places to explore.
Instead of being esteemed for these discoveries, he was sentenced to renounce them, or the opinions resulting from them, as a damnable heresy.
Instead of being here to work, you get the sense that he's simply a permanent fixture here.
Instead of being here to work, you get the sense that he’s simply a permanent fixture here.
Instead of being sunny, it rained.
Instead of buying Shiba Inu coins, just buy a real Shiba Inu. That would be more worthwhile.
Instead of calling them TERFs, call them trans eradicationists, since many aren't feminists.
Instead of candy, we gave out bags of cheese balls for Halloween.
Instead of canvas, solar sails are made of thin sheets of Mylar, the same crinkly silver material often used for helium-filled balloons.
Instead of carrying her cat all the way to the bathtub and having to endure being scratched throughout, she laid out a trail of treats from the living room to the bathroom.
Instead of celebrating the accomplishments of foreign learners, the English teacher chooses to mock their mistakes.
Instead of changing course, he doubled down on his questionable strategy.
Instead of changing unnatural-sounding, yet correct sentences, Tatoeba prefers that you leave these and add an alternate translation.
Instead of children’s books about elephants and lions, a more honest representation of Earth’s animals would be “a cow next to another cow, next to another cow next to a chicken,” Milo said.
Instead of choosing between tolerance and assimilation, what we really need are respect and acceptance of differences.
Instead of cleaning the house today, I think I'll take a walk.
Instead of cleaning the house today, I think I’ll take a walk.
Instead of coffee he gave me tea with sugar, but without cream.
Instead of coffee, he offered me tea.
Instead of coming directly home, I took the long way and stopped by the post office.
Instead of coming to her aid, he stood there watching.
Instead of complaining all the time you could maybe start getting some work done, don't you think?
Instead of complaining that we do not have all that we want, we should be thankful not to receive all that we deserve.
Instead of complaining that we do not have everything we want, we should rather thank not to receive all that we deserve.
Instead of complaining, maybe Tom should just help us do it correctly.
Instead of complaining, maybe you should help.
Instead of cooking meals, she ordered takeout, which comes in plastic.
Instead of crème fraiche, you can just as well use ricotta or mascarpone.
Instead of cutting down on cigarettes, why don't you just give them up?
Instead of cutting spending, Algeria printed more money.
Instead of deleting your sentences, how about making them better?
Instead of denouncing the barbaric acts committed by these soldiers, they're accusing me of being an anti-Semite.
Instead of digging a pit for your enemy, you should build your friend a house.
Instead of directing their outrage towards the perpetrators of war crimes and human rights abuses, some choose to redirect their anger towards those courageous individuals who have the moral integrity to denounce such acts.
Instead of disembarking, we stayed on the ship.
Instead of dogging me around with your passive-aggressive remarks, why not engage in something more meaningful and positive?
Instead of dogging me around, why not focus on finding a more constructive way to express your feelings or opinions?
Instead of dogging my every move with passive-aggressive remarks, invest your time in something that brings you genuine happiness.
Instead of doing that, you could do this.
Instead of doing what he was supposed to do, Tom went fishing.
Instead of doing what needed to be done, Tom read a book.
Instead of doing what she was supposed to do, Mary went fishing.
Instead of doing what they were supposed to do, Tom and Mary went fishing.
Instead of drinking cola, why not drink champagne?
Instead of eating Chinese tonight, let's eat Mexican.
Instead of eating here, let's go home.
Instead of eating real food, we just ate junk food all day.
Instead of eating the vegetable, he put it in a blender and then drank it.
Instead of eating the vegetable, he put it in the blender and then drank it.
Instead of eating vegetables, he puts them in a blender and drinks them.
Instead of encouraging growth, the English teacher's negativity stunts the progress of foreign learners.
Instead of engaging in meaningful conversations about technical matters on the website's wall, a faction of users has hijacked it as a platform solely dedicated to spreading gossip.
Instead of engaging in passive-aggressive behavior towards me, explore activities that promote personal growth and a more harmonious environment.
Instead of fewer accidents there are more.
Instead of fighting each other, Bruno and Rima should start working as a team.
Instead of fixing problems, she usually makes them worse.
Instead of fixing the problem, the company fired the whistle-blower.
Instead of flattery, give us an honest and sincere estimate!
Instead of focusing on our differences, let's focus on our similarities.
Instead of focusing on the things that divide us, let's focus on the things that unite us.
Instead of focusing on the ways that we're different, let's focus on the ways that we're similar.
Instead of focusing on the ways we're different, let's focus on the ways we're similar.
Instead of focusing on what you can't do, what can you do?
Instead of focusing on your deficits, what are your strengths?
Instead of fostering an environment for meaningful technical discussions on the website's wall, some users have transformed it into an unintended hub for gossip.
Instead of fresh cream, you can use ricotta or mascarpone.
Instead of fretting, take action.
Instead of gawping like a fool, get busy with the broom.
Instead of getting married again, I’m going to find a woman I don’t like and just give her a house.
Instead of giving Alex a nut each time he said something, she'd only give it when he specifically said "nut."
Instead of giving Alex a nut each time he said something, she’d only give it when he specifically said "nut."
Instead of giving each other Christmas presents this year, we donated the amount we would have spent on presents to a charity.
Instead of giving each other Christmas presents this year, we donated the amount we would've spent on presents to a charity.
Instead of giving me another mendacious story, just be honest for once.
Instead of giving the money, that is the normal coin of the realm, which is the phrase that everyone used then, they would give them a token, and this token might be metal, might be wood, might be cardboard.
Instead of going around in circles, get busy.
Instead of going ashore, we stayed on the ship.
Instead of going back to the party, why don't we go to my place?
Instead of going back to the party, why don’t we go to my place?
Instead of going down, he went up.
Instead of going himself, he sent his brother in his place.
Instead of going himself, he sent his son to the political meeting.
Instead of going myself, I sent a gift.
Instead of going myself, I sent a letter.
Instead of going myself, I sent a messenger.
Instead of going out for pizza tonight, I stayed at home and ate two pieces of Filipino bread, "pandesal." It is 4 degrees Celsius outside in the dark.
Instead of going out shopping, I'll make dinner using food that we already have.
Instead of going to Australia next summer, let's go to New Zealand.
Instead of going to Australia, I want to go to New Zealand.
Instead of going to Australia, I'll go to New Zealand.
Instead of going to Australia, I'm going to New Zealand.
Instead of going to Australia, let's go to New Zealand.
Instead of going to Australia, you should go to New Zealand.
Instead of going to Boston next summer, let's go to Chicago.
Instead of going to Boston, I want to go to Chicago.
Instead of going to Boston, I'll go to Chicago.
Instead of going to Boston, I'm going to Chicago.
Instead of going to Boston, Tom went to Chicago.
Instead of going to Boston, let's go to Chicago.
Instead of going to Boston, you should go to Chicago.
Instead of going to Europe, I decided to go to America.
Instead of going to school, he stayed at home.
Instead of going to the conference every day, let's go to the beach one day and enjoy life.
Instead of going to the gym, I walk to and from work every day.
Instead of going to the party, why don't we just hang out at my place.
Instead of gossiping about the neighbours, why don't you practise your violin?
Instead of gossiping about your neighbors why don't you start practicing your violin?
Instead of habitats made of metal and glass, NASA is exploring technologies that could grow structures out of fungi to become our future homes in the stars, and perhaps lead to more sustainable ways of living on Earth as well.
Instead of having as many friends as stars in the sky, it's absolutely sufficient to have one friend who shines as brightly as the moon in the pitch dark of night.
Instead of her, her sister went with them.
Instead of him, my brother was arrested.
Instead of holding an announcement, we will send the prizes directly to the winners.
Instead of improving my Spanish, I'm focusing on learning another language.
Instead of ink there was some kind of strange fluid in the bottle.
Instead of ink, there was some unidentified liquid in the bottle.
Instead of inquiring why the Roman empire was destroyed, we should rather be surprised that it had subsisted so long.
Instead of interacting with each other, each of the family members turned their attention to their mobile devices, engrossing themselves in their own entertainments.
Instead of judging, why not offer a helping hand?
Instead of just reading books all the time, go outside occasionally and get some exercise.
Instead of just saying you love her, do something to show how much you love her.
Instead of just standing there, could you bring me a cloth?
Instead of just the marketing department completing all their work objectives is not as effective as all the departments working together and mutually realising all the objectives.
Instead of just the two of us, let's invite the whole class to do that with us.
Instead of laying off these workers, why don't we just cut their hours?
Instead of laying off these workers, why don’t we just cut their hours?
Instead of leaving it to others, take responsibility yourself.
Instead of lecturing people, you should deal with your own damn problems.
Instead of limiting yourself to the manual, it's also important that you adapt.
Instead of listening in class, I'm translating sentences.
Instead of making friends and exchanging visits with our neighbours, he shut himself up in his house and seldom came out save to indulge in ferocious quarrels with whoever might cross his path.
Instead of making the difficult seem easy, as a professional entertainer should do, he actually makes the easy look difficult.
Instead of nurturing a supportive learning environment, the English teacher's actions perpetuate stereotypes and reinforce language barriers.
Instead of offering constructive criticism to the foreign students, the English teacher resorts to mockery.
Instead of offering constructive feedback, the English teacher often makes sarcastic remarks about the students' accents or grammar mistakes.
Instead of offering constructive feedback, the English teacher resorts to making hurtful comments and ridiculing foreign students.
Instead of offering me coffee, he offered me tea.
Instead of offering support, Billy made fun of the foreign student's pronunciation mistakes.
Instead of offering support, the English teacher prefers to criticize and discourage.
Instead of persistently making veiled insults towards me, invest your energy in pursuits that bring joy and fulfillment to your life.
Instead of posting here, use Twitter.
Instead of praising Boldi, Martha started swearing.
Instead of preparing a dinner by candlelight, she put her boyfriend up for auction on eBay.
Instead of producing whiskey, gin or vodka, Falls Church Distillers is busy making high-alcohol-content hand sanitizers.
Instead of providing constructive feedback, the English teacher resorted to mockery and ridicule.
Instead of putting the car into gear, she put it into reverse, causing a great deal of damage to the store-front.
Instead of reading, Tom just sat there thinking.
Instead of relying on a pension, he resolved to apply for the job.
Instead of resting, he worked even harder than usual.
Instead of returning home, come with us.
Instead of saying TERF, say transphobe, because many of them (such as Posie Parker) are openly anti-feminist.
Instead of saying Tom is fluent in French, it would be more accurate to say that he speaks French well enough to do this job.
Instead of saying anything, I decided to keep quiet.
Instead of saying that no one does that, it would be more accurate to say that most people don't do that.
Instead of saying up-front that you can't do it, maybe you could try challenging yourself.
Instead of sending somebody on your behalf, you had better go and speak in person.
Instead of shaking my hand, he pulled it away and kissed the back.
Instead of sipping the expensive wine slowly, he chugged down the whole glass.
Instead of sitting here, let's sit over there.
Instead of sitting next to Tom, Mary moved the chair to the other table.
Instead of sitting there and hypothesizing pointlessly like the bunch of armchair theorists you are, why not go out and do some actual research for a change?
Instead of slapping him in the face, she spit in it, and walked contemptuously away.
Instead of smiling, the boy cries.
Instead of solving issues, he's in the habit of complicating them.
Instead of something cheaper, I'd rather buy something better.
Instead of spending so much time in front of the TV, why don't you go out for a walk?
Instead of starting off with a bad translation and a poor English sentence, it might be better for somebody in the future to look at the Japanese with fresh eyes and translate it.
Instead of starting off with a bad translation and a poor English sentence, it might be better for someone in the future to look at the Japanese with fresh eyes and translate it.
Instead of stopping, the rain increased.
Instead of stopping, the rain strengthened.
Instead of studying Italian, I'm wasting time on a bunch of nonsense.
Instead of studying, you walk.
Instead of sulking, the teacher smiled and agreed.
Instead of supporting the advocates for justice and human rights who denounce war crimes, there are individuals who prefer to engage in character assassination and smear campaigns against these brave individuals.
Instead of taking a rest, he worked much harder than usual.
Instead of taking notes, I spent the whole class doodling.
Instead of taking the bus, we walked.
Instead of taking the elevator, let's take the stairs.
Instead of talking so much, you should listen more.
Instead of telling us to do it for you, why don't you just ask politely?
Instead of the conservative motto, "A fair day's wages for a fair day's work," we must inscribe on our banner the revolutionary watchword, "Abolition of the wage system."
Instead of the village head, today the meeting was led by the notary.
Instead of thinking about the things you don't have, think about all the things you do have.
Instead of thinking about the ways your life is bad, think about all the ways it's good.
Instead of this, I take that.
Instead of three pâté, I'll give you six.
Instead of throwing away your old furniture, why don't you give it to charity?
Instead of turning your back on me, why don't you look me in the eye and tell me what really happened?
Instead of using brain implants to achieve this, DARPA is looking for non-invasive to minutely invasive ways of interfacing with the machine.
Instead of using disposable chopsticks, it's better to use plastic chopsticks that you can wash.
Instead of using disposable chopsticks, it’s better to use plastic chopsticks that you can wash.
Instead of using standard injection molding to make products, the Carbon 3-D company uses light and oxygen to shape objects.
Instead of using the money to pay back Fadil, Layla gave it to her boyfriend.
Instead of using the money to pay back Sami, Layla gave it to her boyfriend.
Instead of using the website's wall as a space for collaborative problem-solving and technical discussions, a group of users has hijacked it, turning it into an unlikely destination for gossip lovers.
Instead of using the website's wall to exchange valuable insights and troubleshoot technical problems, a subset of users has deviated from its intended purpose, transforming it into a thriving space for gossip.
Instead of using the website's wall to seek help or share knowledge about technical issues, some users have veered off track and transformed it into a thriving community for gossip mongers.
Instead of waiting for Tom any longer, let's go ahead and leave.
Instead of waiting for Tom to come up and speak to you, you should just go up to him.
Instead of waiting for Tom, let's eat now before the food gets cold.
Instead of waiting for a contract, we can handle it over the phone.
Instead of wasting all day napping, you should help out once in a while.
Instead of watching television, the children played outside.
Instead of whispering it quietly, why don't you say it to my face!
Instead of wishing away nine months of pregnancy and complaining about the shadow over my feet, I'd have cherished every minute of it and realized that the wonderment growing inside me was to be my only chance in life to assist God in a miracle.
Instead of working on Christmas Day, you should be home with your children.
Instead of worrying about "preserving democracy," the US should worry about preserving innocent lives and stop sending troops to destroy nations like Afghanistan, Iraq, and Libya to the ground.
Instead she merely looked surprised and - could it be - amused.
Instead use words like "some", "many", "often", and begin statements with openers like, "In my experience, ...", "Excuse me if I'm wrong, but...", "In many instances, ...."
Instead use words like "some", "many", "often", and begin statements with openers like, "In my experience, ...", "Excuse me if I’m wrong, but...", "In many instances, ...."
Instead, I could help you out.
Instead, I need psychological support from you.
Instead, I will turn to a discussion of the two economic variables I defined a moment ago.
Instead, he worked a switch that controlled his computer.
Instead, they detect sounds through their tongues and feel vibrations through sense organs in the skull.
Instead, they live alone as long as they are able to take care of themselves.
Instead, they prefer to stay in and watch television.
Instill confidence in your children.
Instill confidence in your kids.
Instilling the love of reading in one's child is the best gift any parent can give.
Instilling values is crucial.
Instilling values is essential.
Instinct is often a poor guide.
Instinct is the key.
Instinctively they fly toward the friendly support of some tall weed where, as if feeling more secure on their feet than in the air, they resume their antics, hanging their heads downward, twirling their tails, jumping from one weed to another, and each bird apparently communicating its restlessness to its neighbor, until the whole colony is in a state of ferment.
Instinctively, Ziri paced backwards.
Instinctively, his eyes and mine met, and, at that moment, there was established between us an understanding that was in strong contrast to the surrounding turmoil, which now exceeded all limits, as the highly wrought up spectators realised that these statements, if corroborated, destroyed one of the strongest points which had been made by the prosecution.
Instinctively, the newborn seeks their mother's breast, recognizing her voice and her scent.
Instincts aren't always a good adviser.
Institutional change is essential to eradicate racism and dehumanization.
Institutional oppression is hard to see when you aren't affected by it.
Institutional racism is a serious problem.
Institutionalised racism is a significant problem within the police force.
Institutionalized criminality will likely remain in Morocco.
Institutionalized violence must end.
Institutionally, a major restraint is the copyright problem.
Institutions mustn't tell lies.
Institutions, however noble their missions, have failed to replace the family.
Instruct your offspring.
Instructional videos are a key component of many online courses.
Instructions will be given to you.
Instructions will be provided.
Instructions: massage well into damp hair, lather and rinse.
Instructors are not enough at all, you have to learn to swim under water yourself.
Instrument testing will begin in early September and last approximately four weeks, after which Parker Solar Probe can begin science operations.
Instruments in the cockpit indicated a battery error, the latest in a series of mishaps including braking problems, battery fires, a cracked windscreen and fuel leaks.
Insu quit his job to go to school.
Insufficient illumination is deleterious to ocular health.
Insulation is for wimps who can't handle the cold.
Insulin is in the medicine chest.
Insulin is naturally produced by the pancreas.
Insulin is produced by the pancreas.
Insulting them will not bring them over to your side.
Insults are the arguments of those who have no arguments.
Insults are the best arguments for those without arguments.
Insurance companies can no longer deny coverage to children because of a pre-existing condition like asthma and diabetes, providing peace of mind for parents of the more than 17.6 million children with pre-existing conditions. Starting in 2014, no American can be discriminated against due to a pre-existing condition.
Insurance companies can no longer drop your coverage when you get sick due to a mistake you made on your application.
Insurance companies everywhere are facing hard times and have become even more tight fisted about payouts.
Insurance companies have to fight from time to time with fraudsters, who — due to a merely feigned whiplash following a car accident — demand damages for pain and suffering.
Insurance fraud is a crime without a victim.
Insurance is a good idea - just in case.
Insurance makes us remember that the world we live in isn't completely safe; we might fall ill, face danger or encounter the unexpected.
Insurance makes us remember that the world we live in isn’t completely safe; we might fall ill, face danger or encounter the unexpected.
Insurance policies don't cover preexisting conditions.
Insurance policies often mention covering "acts of God" but somehow this isn't all inclusive. I mean, what's not an act of God?
Insurance protects against unforeseen predicaments.
Insure it, please.
Insure your house against fire.
Insurers are now required to cover a number of recommended preventive services, such as cancer, diabetes and blood pressure screenings, without additional cost sharing such as copays or deductibles.
Insurers say public apathy about life insurance is the result of low incomes, the poor management of insurance companies and cultural preferences.
Insurmountable.
Integration means: I am right. you are right. we are right, everybody is right.
Integrative medicine refers to a many faceted medical approach that emphasises individual differences and aggressively includes the latest scientific techniques based on modern Western medicine as well as various other medical systems like traditional medicine and natural medicine.
Integrity has no need of rules.
Intel gets a huge royalty from the invention.
Intellect is invisible to the man who has none.
Intellect is no great help in counteracting feelings of guilt, which originate in the heart.
Intellect is not wisdom.
Intellectual property is intellectual theft.
Intellectual property is theft.
Intellectually we know prejudice is wrong.
Intellectuals don't necessarily look for complexity in choosing a language. Many intellectuals choose a language with regularity and simplicity, as it is more mathematically appealing to them.
Intellectuals only need Esperanto and Lojban.
Intellectuals used to be able to debate in the streets.
Intelligence and knowledge are two independent things.
Intelligence and knowledge are two very different things.
Intelligence can decrease stupidity.
Intelligence is a gift; rare are the beneficiaries.
Intelligence is a term that generally refers to cognitive ability, that is, the brain process of perceiving, analyzing, recording, and recalling information captured through the five senses.
Intelligence is better than science.
Intelligence is doing what you are supposed to, while stupidity is doing what you are not supposed to.
Intelligence is found in the capacity to recognize similarities among different things and differences between similar things.
Intelligence is not an indication of knowledgeability.
Intelligence is our ability to begin understanding (or adapting to) new information, regardless of past familiarity.
Intelligence is something you really can't buy.
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.
Intelligence is the ability to adjust to changes.
Intelligence is the ability to cope with environment.
Intelligence is the ability to understand complex ideas, to adapt effectively to the environment, to learn from experience, to engage in various forms of reasoning, and to overcome obstacles.
Intelligence on this planet is a constant. The population grows.
Intelligence services in Algeria instead of spying on dangerous people they spy on modernist opponents and the oppressed.
Intelligence tests are so fooled by study that they miss the most important aspect of human efficiency: the mind to think in ways contrary to those around them, which comes not from intelligence but from a path of thinking and from condition.
Intelligence violates the law of instinct.
Intelligence with no ambitions is like a bird with no wings.
Intelligent animals can help people.
Intelligent design means to keep things simple.
Intelligent equipment has replaced manual labor.
Intelligent man has created and is perfecting Artificial Intelligence.
Intelligent people are often arrogant.
Intended for children, the book entertains grown-ups.
Intended for children, this is a book often read by adults.
Intense admiration comes with a hefty price.
Intense heat is dangerous for people.
Intensive care units and hospitals are on the verge of collapse.
Intensive communication between teacher and student is the key to effective teaching.
Intensive courses are always the most exhausting.
Intensive farming ruins the soil.
Intent to destroy is a key part of the crime of genocide.
Intentionally burning the Quran is an affront to the basic principles of freedom of religion and expression.
Intentions don't excuse actions.
Inter Milan is an Italian football team.
Inter-family is more likely than intra-family conflict to result in violence. Or is it?
Interact with other people.
Interact with your co-workers.
Interacting in English is the most important thing.
Interacting with children, one learns to view the world through their eyes.
Interacting with native speakers builds confidence in conversational skills.
Interacting with neurotypicals exhausts me.
Interaction with your kids is essential for their growth.
Interconnectivity between different countries is one of the central pillars of the European Union's climate strategy.
Intercostals are muscles that are found between the ribs and help form and move the chest wall.
Intercultural relationships are never easy, but today, we seemed to be having a particularly hard time.
Interdependent processes are happening in the brain. The nerve cells generate electrical impulses, that interact with the molecules in the brain. Meanwhile the molecules themselves change.
Interest accrued from the money left in my savings account.
Interest in German is growing, particularly in China, India and Brazil.
Interest in baseball cuts across classes and ages in this country.
Interest in the game has dropped off.
Interest on loans is high at present.
Interest rates and gold have an inverse relationship. Generally, rising interest rates are negative for gold prices, while low rates are good. In a zero-to-negative interest rate environment, gold prices usually benefit.
Interest rates and inflation were high.
Interest rates are deemed by Islam as usury.
Interest rates are going up.
Interest rates are still low.
Interest rates have been fixed at 5%.
Interest rates have seesawed all year.
Interest rates rose.
Interest rates will rise due to monetary tightening.
Interest will begin to accrue after the first year.
Interested in this discovery, and anxious to locate himself exactly, he took his stand under a favouring gas-lamp, and took out his map.
Interested, he turned to the teacher.
Interesting assertions!
Interesting exercise: with 43 moves, Black captures all of 25 white stones arranged in 4 groups (3+9+8+5) on the board.
Interesting things will be happening.
Interesting to learn about all the various types of baking soda.
Interesting topics are banned.
Interesting!
Interesting, innit?
Interesting, isn't it?
Interesting, very interesting.
Interesting.
Interesting. Could you explain what you mean?
Interestingly enough, that's exactly what happened.
Interestingly, Hogwarts Quidditch players are allowed to use whatever broomsticks they like or their sponsors can afford, despite the fact that more expensive brooms often confer great (and arguably unfair) advantages in speed and manoeuvrability.
Interestingly, I had had the same thought earlier.
Interestingly, according to modern astronomers, space is finite. This is a very comforting thought — particularly for people who can never remember where they have left things.
Interestingly, he says, THC seemed to worsen the cognitive abilities of young mice because it over-activated their normal brain circuits. The effect is probably similar to marijuana's high in young people.
Interestingly, the majority of those pushing for a daily maximum limit on sentence contributions are not among the website's most prolific contributors.
Interestingly, the way we understand words is not always that obvious.
Interfering with a funeral is a great show of disrespect.
Interior Minister Horst Seehofer told reporters Germany had set the goal of free travel in Europe by mid-June and would open borders with France, Luxembourg, Switzerland and Austria by Saturday.
Interjections express a variety of feelings, such as joy, sorrow, surprise, pain, contempt and strong desire.
Interleukin-1 is made mainly by one type of white blood cell, the macrophage, and helps another type of white blood cell, the lymphocyte, fight infections.
Interlingua has five older sisters.
Interlingua is a modern tool for international communication.
Interlingua is an international auxiliary language developed between 1937 and 1951 by the IALA (International Auxiliary Language Association). Its vocabulary and grammar is chiefly derived from five control languages: English, Spanish, Portuguese, French, and Italian.
Interlingua is easy to learn.
Interlingua's main source languages are Portuguese, Spanish, Italian, French and English.
Interlingue has its own Wikipedia.
Interlingue is an easy and beautiful language.
Interlingue is more beautiful and easier than Esperanto.
Interlinguistics deals with communication across language barriers, and explores how planned languages like Esperanto and VolapÃ¼k are used in these situations.
Interlinguistics deals with communication across language barriers, and explores how planned languages like Esperanto and Volapük are used in these situations.
Intermediate and advanced language courses are given in the language being learned.
Intermediate uveitis is often characterized by the sudden presence of floaters.
Intermittent flashes of lightning illuminated the dark gloom of the forest.
Intermittent gunfire rocked the Somali capital, Mogadishu, on Sunday as rival forces clashed following the breakdown of talks on elections.
Internal borders have been closed to stop the advance of the virus.
Internal combustion engines burn a mixture of fuel and air.
Internal conflict arises when faced with difficult choices.
Internal division within the Labor Party was one of the factors which led to its defeat at the recent election.
Internal time is a key element in the novel.
Internally, to be actively passive; externally to be passively active.
International Business Machines Corporation is headquartered in Armonk, New York.
International Business Machines Corporation, based in Armonk, New York, is the world's largest computer firm.
International Business Machines Corporation, based in Armonk, New York, is the world’s largest computer firm.
International Dawn Chorus Day takes place on the first Sunday in May.
International Women's Day (March 8th 2014) celebrates important achievements of women all over the world.
International Women's Day began in 1908 when 15,000 women garment workers went on strike and marched through the streets of New York, demanding shorter work hours, better pay and voting rights.
International Women's Day falls on the same day every year, March 8, and brings together governments, women's organizations, businesses and charities.
International Women's Day is a more than 100-year-old celebration of women's social, economic, cultural and political successes worldwide while also calling for gender equality.
International Women’s Day celebrations were held across the world Sunday.
International aid is not equitably apportioned.
International anarchy destroys every foundation for peace. It jeopardizes either the immediate or the future security of every nation, large or small.
International attention and support continue to be crucial in addressing the Afghanistan’s multifaceted issues and aiding in its development.
International checkers, one of the best-known variants of checkers, are played on a board of 100 (10x10) squares, with each player initially having 20 pieces.
International climbers dub K2 as the “Savage Mountain” because they say summit winds reach hurricane force and still-air temperatures are well below -65 degrees Celsius.
International collaboration is high.
International cooperation is needed to capture and extradite war criminals.
International disputes must be settled peacefully.
International languages like English, Spanish, and French do not really have "countries" anymore, but people know their lands of origin.
International law is a branch of law.
International law is important and Israel is not above the law.
International mining companies are also interested in the mountain.
International nomenclature is a Latin-based artificial language.
International observers counted up the ballot.
International organizations are secondary subjects as they are implemented by the primary stakeholders, the States.
International politics is like a game of Jenga, where a single wrong move will make the whole construction fall down.
International postal rates differ according to destination.
International problems must be solved by diplomacy, not war.
International relations are governed by pragmatism.
International rescue teams are at the ready to fly to Japan.
International rights groups including Amnesty International denounced the charges, calling them "patently absurd".
International students seek relationships with their domestic peers, but differences in culture and communication often interfere.
International tourists are scrambling to leave Australia as concerns mount over flight cancellations and border closures.
International trade can increase economic growth and raise living standards for countries that engage in it.
International trade is a key determinant of prosperity.
International trade is vital for healthy economies.
International trade refers to the exchange of goods and services across international borders.
International traders are struggling just to get by.
International tribunals are essential for prosecuting war criminals.
Internationally, almost 900 million people don't have enough to eat.
Internet Explorer is the world's most popular Web browser.
Internet Explorer is the world’s most popular Web browser.
Internet access is free all around the world.
Internet banking is perfectly safe so long as you follow a few precautions.
Internet banking services are temporarily unavailable. Please check back later.
Internet browsers are very useful.
Internet comments are generally idiotic.
Internet comments are well known for being full of ignorance and bigotry.
Internet in Brazil isn't something cheap.
Internet is a vast network connecting innumerable computers on a world scale.
Internet is not at all cheap in Brazil.
Internet is very slow.
Internet slang confuses me.
Internet slang is a fascinating linguistic phenomenon.
Internet trolls are aggressive.
Internet trolls are doing real harm.
Internet trolls have twisted the concept of "free speech" beyond all recognition.
Internet wasn't working.
Internship candidates must have five years of experience.
Internships can be traced to apprenticeships of the Middle Ages, where craftsmen trained unskilled labor in a trade.
Interoperability means compatibility with other systems.
Interplanetary space is hardly tranquil. High-energy charged particles from the Sun, as well as from beyond our solar system, constantly whizz by.
Interplanetary space is hardly tranquil. High-energy charged particles from the Sun, as well as from beyond our solar system, constantly whizz by. These can damage satellites and endanger astronaut health.
Interpretation is the art of taking a spoken text in one language and converting it into a spoken text in another language.
Interpreted languages such as Ruby or Lua are not compiled and so they need some kind of execution engine.
Interpreters do not translate turn by turn.
Interpreters mediate between different cultures.
Interpreting is much more difficult than translating.
Interpreting is the basic principle.
Interpreting is the basics of translation.
Interpreting is the most important part in translation.
Interrogate them.
Interrogate!
Interrogative pronouns can be difficult to master in a foreign language.
Intersex and trans are two different things.
Intersex children are the only children receiving gender reassignment surgery, and the right supports it in their case, unlike the left.
Intersex people have reproductive organs, genitals, and hormones that do not fit the usual female and male characteristics.
Interslavic is an example of a zonal auxiliary language.
Interslavic is called "medžuslovjansky" in Interslavic.
Interslavic is my new obsession.
Interspecies aggression is oriented towards goals related to reproduction.
Interstellar, as opposed to interplanetary, travel was quite impossible until the advent of sub-atomic power. Fortunately this source of power was seldom gained until late in a world's development, when mentality was mature enough to wield this most dangerous of all physical instruments without inevitable disaster. Disasters, however, did occur. Several worlds were accidentally blown to pieces. In others civilization was temporarily destroyed. Sooner or later, however, most of the minded worlds tamed this formidable djin, and set it to work upon a titanic scale, not only in industry, but in such great enterprises as the alteration of planetary orbits for the improvement of climate. This dangerous and delicate process was effected by firing a gigantic sub-atomic rocket-apparatus at such times and places that the recoil would gradually accumulate to divert the planet's course in the desired direction.
Interview With the Vampire became a movie in 1994, starring Tom Cruise and Brad Pitt.
Intestinal flora affect the psyche.
Intimacy between two men still raises eyebrows.
Intimate photos were stolen from many celebrities' phones.
Intimidation through abuse of the legal system is one thing; having a jury unanimously agree that defamation occurred is a quite another.
Into each hole, we inserted a small aluminum tube called a spile, tapped it snug with a hammer and hung a sheet metal contraption with a plastic bag on it from the spile.
Into every life a little rain must fall.
Into how many languages are you able to translate this sentence?
Into the building came a stranger.
Into the fog!
Into the small boats were also loaded salt meats and biscuit, with a small supply of potatoes and beans, matches, and cooking vessels, a chest of tools, and the old sails which Black Michael had promised them.
Into the world there has come a new feeling.
Into this broad category fall companies that run money lending and insurance businesses.
Intolerance can be found across the political spectrum.
Intolerance is a breeding ground for war.
Intolerance is not tolerated here.
Intolerance is when someone says something different from what I said.
Intolerance makes wars.
Intolerance will not be tolerated.
Intonation is a notoriously difficult part of a foreign language to acquire.
Intonation is absent in his way of speaking.
Intonation is very important. It can completely change the meaning.
Intoxicated patrons will be asked to leave the venue to comply with the house policy.
Intoxication is what happens when the brain is affected by certain stimulants.
Intramuscular injections are administered at a 90-degree angle to the skin, preferably into the anterolateral aspect of the thigh or the deltoid muscle of the upper arm, depending on the age of the patient.
Intrepidly, he jumped out of the plane.
Intricate design, white flowers and see-through veils. A happy bride proudly wears her perfect wedding attire, this time, however, made from toilet paper!
Introduce me to Tom.
Introduce me to a cute girl.
Introduce me to some pretty girl.
Introduce me to your friend Peter.
Introduce me to your friend Tom.
Introduce me to your friend over there.
Introduce me to your friend.
Introduce me to your future wife.
Introduce me to your girlfriend's sister.
Introduce me to your girlfriend.
Introduce me to your parents when you feel ready.
Introduce me to your parents.
Introduce them to me.
Introduce us to your parents.
Introduce us.
Introduce yourself in French.
Introduced species are endangering more than 80% of Australia’s threatened species.
Introducing democratic ideas into that country will be a slow process.
Introducing foreign plants, such as palm trees can damage ecosystems.
Introductions have already been made.
Introverted thinking is my dominant cognitive function.
Introverts don't like being the center of attention.
Introverts don't like being the centre of attention.
Introverts need solitude to recover from having to work with extroverts.
Introverts often find it difficult to make new friends.
Intruder alert, red spy's in base!
Intruder! You don't belong here!
Intrusive thoughts are egodystonic.
Intuition and gut instinct tell me that something doesn't add up in his narrative.
Intuition has nothing to do with logic.
Intuition is a voice that lives within each one of us.
Intuition is important to science, but the scientific method exists to test that intuition, and the results often go against it.
Intuition is important, isn't that right?
Intuitively, the basic atomic unit of meaning is a word.
Inuit languages spoken by the Native Alaskan people are in danger of dying out.
Inuktitut is a difficult language.
Inuktitut is an official language of Nunavut.
Invading Iran would pose a significant challenge for the US.
Invading Iraq was the worst foreign policy decision ever made by an American president.
Invading Taiwan is risky but not impossible.
Invading Taiwan would be China's ultimate military challenge.
Invaluable jewels disappeared from the museum.
Invariant virtue appears to be as mechanical as uninterrupted vice, for true excellence changes with conditions.
Invasive pests include European rabbits, which infest two-thirds of Australia, feral cats, pigs, foxes and cane toads.
Invasive species are animals or plants from another region of the world that don’t belong in their new environment.
Invasive species are capable of causing extinctions of native plants and animals, reducing biodiversity, competing with native organisms for limited resources, and altering habitats. This can result in huge economic impacts and fundamental disruptions of coastal and Great Lakes ecosystems.
Invasive species can be introduced to an area by ship ballast water, accidental release, and most often, by people.
Invasive species can harm both the natural resources in an ecosystem as well as threaten human use of these resources.
Invasive species can lead to the extinction of native plants and animals, destroy biodiversity, and permanently alter habitats.
Inventing a star like you isn't simple.
Invention is also an important component of artistic and design creativity.
Invention is the truth inside the lie.
Inventions are born, so to speak, of necessity.
Inventions will often build on the foundation of previous ones, even if they originated in very different locations and times.
Inventors and geniuses have almost always been looked on as no better than fools at the beginning of their career, and very frequently at the end of it also.
Inventory has been going missing.
Invertebrates have no backbone or spinal column.
Inverted exclamation and question marks were invented by the Real Academia EspaÃ±ola to make ASCII look racist.
Inverted exclamation and question marks were invented by the Royal Spanish Academy to make ASCII look racist.
Invest in Algeria.
Invest in your personal development.
Invest the money wisely.
Invest time in self-improvement.
Investigate the cause of it.
Investigate thoroughly the bushes where the enemy may be hiding.
Investigating the causes of cancer is very expensive.
Investigation of those organisms will shed new light on the search for new medicines.
Investigations have revealed that a significant number of eateries are ignoring basic hygiene standards.
Investigative journalist Roberto Saviano, author of Gomorra, a bestseller on the Naples-based Camorra mafia, told la Repubblica newspaper, “The pandemic is the ideal place for mafias, and the reason is simple — if you are hungry, you are looking for bread; it does not matter which oven it is baked from and who it is distributing it.”
Investigators are running a probe into what caused the crash.
Investigators are trying to decipher what happened.
Investigators are trying to pin down the cause of today's fire.
Investigators are trying to pin down the cause of today’s fire.
Investigators barraged Sami with questions.
Investigators base their conclusion on an analysis of a 60,000-year-old sediment core extracted from the bottom Lake Tanganyika in the East African Rift Valley, which borders Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Tanzania and Zambia. The lake is the world's second deepest fresh water lake.
Investigators couldn't find who pulled the trigger.
Investigators exhumed the bodies of Fadil's wife, brother and father-in-law.
Investigators focused on Fadil's past.
Investigators foiled a plot to hijack an airplane.
Investigators found many genes that influence a person's susceptibility to bipolar disorder. Researchers also pinpointed a genetic region that increased a person's risk of coronary artery disease by almost 50 percent.
Investigators found that the company had continued to trade while insolvent in the months leading up to its collapse.
Investigators found that they intentionally put crappy batteries in our phones so we have to replace them more often -- bastards!
Investigators haven't given up looking for Sami.
Investigators learned that the telescope’s primary mirror suffered from a production error, its edges too flat by 0.003 mm, resulting in an optical problem called spherical aberration.
Investigators pieced together Fadil's life.
Investigators say Tom acted alone.
Investigators say it was arson.
Investigators say their next step is to come up with an implantable computer device without wires, which could take years if not decades to develop before the technology is available for human trials.
Investigators started piecing together the grisly story.
Investigators suspect the outbreak was caused by a batch of contaminated steroid injections given to more than 13000 people across the country to relieve chronic back or joint pain.
Investigators uncovered an assassination plot.
Investigators understood why the jet crashed.
Investigators used social network analysis and genetic fingerprinting to trace cases of the disease to their source. But the work was time consuming, adding to the already difficult task of disease containment and treatment.
Investigators want to know how the beard on the young pharaoh’s burial mask became detached and why restoration staff reaffixed the piece using an unseemly amount of epoxy during its restoration in 2014.
Investigators who conducted an inspection in China to determine origins of the COVID-19 virus will release a report on their findings in mid-March, a World Health Organization official said Friday.
Investigators will collect wreckage samples to determine the cause.
Investing abroad on your national currency basis will not always be profitable.
Investing all his fortune would not be enough.
Investing can be stressful.
Investing in Algeria is a really difficult decision.
Investing in Algeria is unbelievably complicated.
Investing in Algeria isn't really fantastic.
Investing in Algeria used to be a nightmare.
Investing in Algeria used to be extremely difficult.
Investing in agriculture is Algeria's silver bullet.
Investing in stocks involves risk.
Investing into stocks is a highly chancy endeavor.
Investing money in your home has some merit; when it is time to sell it you can get more money.
Investment bank Goldman Sachs forecast no U.S. economic growth for the first quarter of this year and an annualized rate contraction of 5% in the second quarter.
Investment bankers are tearing their hair out over the crash.
Investment in education is undoubtedly the only effective way to bring a country out of poverty.
Investments have dropped in Algeria.
Investor nerves are jangling.
Investors appear to have shaken off the market unrest that has gripped stocks since Wednesday.
Investors are looking for big returns fast, but many companies are not making money yet.
Investors are only interested in profit.
Investors are skittish about inflation.
Investors believe they can skillfully buy undervalued assets.
Investors like what they see.
Investors lost billions of dollars.
Investors must distinguish between genuine value creation and wishful thinking.
Investors should consider putting some money into a science experiment.
Investors want assurances.
Investors were impressed by the real estate tycoon's strategy.
Investors were pleased.
Investors younger than 34 surveyed by a financial services company said student debt, health care costs and financial jargon are barriers between them and investing.
Inviolable gender roles are a form of authoritarianism.
Invisible lines will vanish. And the vain will cry when they realized they have accomplished nothing but imaginary idiocy.
Invitation to comment without resorting to insults.
Invitations have been mailed.
Invitations were pouring in from all sides.
Invite Mary to dinner.
Invite Tom, too.
Invite anyone you want.
Invite her over to our place.
Invite her over to watch a movie.
Invite her to come watch a film.
Invite her to the theatre or cinema.
Invite her to the theatre.
Invite him over to ours.
Invite him over to watch a movie.
Invite him over.
Invite him round to ours.
Invite him round.
Invite him to come watch a movie.
Invite us out to dinner in a restaurant.
Invite us to dinner at a restaurant.
Invite whoever you like.
Invite whoever you want.
Invite your cousin, too!
Invite your friend for dinner.
Invite your friends to join you for a game of soccer or tag, it's more fun together.
Inviting him to parties is like inviting trouble in your own life.
Invoke God in times of trouble.
Involve yourself in choosing storage solutions that suit your needs and keep your room tidy.
Inwardly congratulating himself on the change which his present duty ensured him from the hardships of bivouacs and bad quarters to at least a day or two's enjoyment of the fleshpots of Pampeluna, he rode gaily along at the head of the escort, chatting and laughing with his second in command.
Inwardly the Second Men differed from the earlier species in that they had shed most of those primitive relics which had hampered the First Men more than was realized. Not only were they free of appendix, tonsils and other useless excrescences, but also their whole structure was more firmly knit into unity. Their chemical organization was such that their tissues were kept in better repair. Their teeth, though proportionately small and few, were almost completely immune from caries. Such was their glandular equipment that puberty did not begin till twenty; and not till they were fifty did they reach maturity. At about one hundred and ninety their powers began to fail, and after a few years of contemplative retirement they almost invariably died before true senility could begin.
Io was one of the lovers of Zeus and was transformed into a cow by him.
Ioannou said someday, graphene may be very useful for smartphone displays, supercapacitors and nanoantennas for nanomachines that could talk to each other.
Iodine deficiency can cause thyroid deficiency.
Iodine is the name for the element with atomic number 53 and is represented by the symbol I. It is a member of the halogen group.
Iodine is used to purify water.
Iodine's atomic number is 53.
Iosif Vissarionovich Dzhugashvili, known as Stalin, was born in Gori, Georgia.
Ipek fell jumping rope.
Ipek, jump rope!
Iphicles, Hercules' brother, gave a loud cry; but Hercules himself, a stout boy, was not afraid at all.
Ira called her wife.
Iran and Russia will establish a joint bank.
Iran balks at release of American woman.
Iran blocked virtual private networks, which give complete internet access to users.
Iran condemned the attacks of Israel against Syria.
Iran desires to befriend the world.
Iran doesn't have nuclear weapons.
Iran gave the National Library of Tajikistan 20,000 books.
Iran gets more powerful by the day.
Iran had a liberal democracy before the U.S. deposed it in favor of autocratic rule by the Shah.
Iran has a large livestock industry, including sheep and cattle.
Iran has a lot of influence in the Middle East.
Iran has a massive drone program.
Iran has a tremendous deterring capability.
Iran has been very patient.
Iran has cutting-edge military technology.
Iran has declared all US forces as terrorists in the case of the assassination of General Qasim Suleimani.
Iran has double the military Iraq did in 2003.
Iran has hypersonic missiles.
Iran has implemented various policies to promote the development of its mining sector.
Iran has long been a backer of Hamas.
Iran has missiles that could obliterate military bases in neighboring countries.
Iran has significant reserves of coal, uranium, and other minerals.
Iran is a big country.
Iran is a major producer of dates, saffron, and pomegranates.
Iran is a powerful nation.
Iran is a regional power.
Iran is a shia-Muslim majority country.
Iran is a very powerful nation in the Middle East.
Iran is almost the size of Western Europe.
Iran is also known as Persia.
Iran is an apartheid state.
Iran is extremely powerful in the region.
Iran is heavily investing in drone technology.
Iran is more and more powerful.
Iran is not Iraq.
Iran is one of the largest producers of pistachios in the world.
Iran is one of the world's largest producers and exporters of oil and gas.
Iran is proudly fronting its new weapons.
Iran is rich in mineral resources, including zinc, copper, gold, and iron ore.
Iran is the eighteenth largest country in the world.
Iran is ultimately responsible for the ethnic cleansing of Yemen's Jews by the Houthis. They were non-Zionists.
Iran isn't in Europe.
Iran needs to be taken extremely seriously.
Iran never won a war, but never lost a negotiation.
Iran plans to launch a monkey into space.
Iran prepared for war.
Iran proclaimed war against the US.
Iran shot an American drone.
Iran shot down an American drone in its own airspace.
Iran uses drones for war.
Iran violently colonized Yemen via its puppets, the Houthis.
Iran was hit by international sanctions.
Iran will have nuclear capabilities.
Iran's agricultural exports have generated significant revenue for the country.
Iran's agricultural sector employs a significant portion of the active population.
Iran's agricultural sector has adopted modern technology and practices to improve productivity.
Iran's agricultural sector has been affected by pests and diseases, leading to crop losses.
Iran's agricultural sector has been impacted by the decline in oil prices.
Iran's agricultural sector has been impacted by the use of chemical fertilizers and pesticides.
Iran's agricultural sector has contributed to the country's self-sufficiency in food production.
Iran's agricultural sector has contributed to the preservation of traditional farming practices.
Iran's agricultural sector has faced challenges due to the lack of access to credit for farmers.
Iran's agricultural sector has the potential to contribute to regional food security.
Iran's agricultural sector has the potential to contribute to the country's export diversification.
Iran's agricultural sector has the potential to expand and contribute to the country's economy.
Iran's agricultural sector has the potential to support agro-tourism in the country.
Iran's agricultural sector has the potential to support rural development and reduce poverty.
Iran's agricultural sector is a source of employment for women.
Iran's agricultural sector is diverse, with crops grown in different regions of the country.
Iran's agricultural sector is one of the main sources of employment in rural areas.
Iran's and North Korea's nuclear capabilities worry the rest of the world.
Iran's mining industry is heavily regulated by the government.
Iran's mining industry is heavily reliant on foreign technology and expertise.
Iran's mining sector faces various challenges, including inadequate infrastructure and outdated technology.
Iran's mining sector has been negatively impacted by sanctions imposed by the West.
Iran's mining sector has experienced significant growth in recent years.
Iran's mining sector is a major employer.
Iran's mining sector is divided into various sub-sectors, including metals, non-metals, and minerals.
Iran's mining sector is one of the largest in the Middle East.
Iran's mining sector is responsible for a significant portion of the country's GDP.
Iran's mining sector suffers from a lack of investment and modernization.
Iran's oil and gas sector is heavily reliant on foreign investment and technology due to international sanctions and a lack of domestic expertise.
Iran's treatment of Bahá'ís is unacceptable.
Iran, Syria, and Qatar are all allies of Hamas.
Iranian people are peace loving.
Iranian people strongly believe in the Persian character of the Persian Gulf.
Iranian security officials helped Hamas to plan the attack.
Iranians are brave people.
Iranians are civilized people.
Iranians are civilized.
Iranians are different, you know.
Iranians are hard workers.
Iranians are predominantly Shia.
Iranians are tough and brave people.
Iranians are very good at chess.
Iranians don't want war but they are ready for it.
Iranians refer to the United States as the Empire of Satan.
Iranians used to eat main meal with yoghurt.
Iranians used to eat their main meal with yoghurt.
Iran’s and North Korea nuclear capabilities worry the rest of the world.
Iraq attained its independence as a kingdom in 1932.
Iraq has now become a country that's struggling not to fall apart.
Iraq has two official languages.
Iraq is barely a functional country today.
Iraq's economy was destroyed by the US invasion in 2003.
Iraq's last lion was killed in 1918.
Iraq's marsh Arabs live amid a flat landscape of water and grasses near the border with Iran. The area is thought to be the site of the biblical Garden of Eden and UNESCO named it a world heritage site in 2016.
Iraqi Jews wrote the Talmud.
Iraqi forces recaptured the city of Kirkuk in 2017.
Iraqis began fighting back.
Iraqis turned against the occupation.
Ireland and England are separated by sea.
Ireland and England are separated by the sea.
Ireland has great schools.
Ireland is a fiercely Roman Catholic country.
Ireland is a very beautiful country.
Ireland is called "Ireland" in English.
Ireland is called "Éire" in Irish Gaelic.
Ireland is called "Éire" in Irish.
Ireland is famous for its lace.
Ireland is famous for lace.
Ireland is in Western Europe.
Ireland is in western Europe.
Ireland is the greatest country in the world!
Ireland is the only place that really does it justice.
Ireland joined the European Community in 1973 and the eurozone currency union in 1999.
Ireland was neutral in World War II and continues its policy of military neutrality.
Irene Pepperberg holds a round tray in front of a parrot she has named Alex.
Irene Pepperberg, a researcher at Northwestern University, is discovering that a parrot can not only mimic people but also learn the meaning of words.
Irene is from Peru. She is Peruvian.
Irene is from the Gulf of Mexico. She is a hurricane.
Iridescence is a phenomenon in which the color of an object changes depending on the angle it is seen from or due to a change in light.
Iridium is an element with atomic number 77 and is represented by the symbol Ir. It is a member of the transition metals group.
Iridium is one of the rarest elements.
Irina has a delicate face with high cheekbones.
Irina is a software engineer now.
Iris read quietly.
Iris, what do you usually eat for breakfast?
Irish chemist Robert Boyle separated chemistry from alchemy after publishing "The Sceptical Chymist."
Irish folklore has it that there is a pot of gold at the end of every rainbow.
Irish is a beautiful language.
Irish is a very beautiful language.
Irish is the first official language of Ireland.
Irish need not apply.
Irish people migrated to America to have their own property.
Irish people, Italian people, and Eastern European Jews started coming to America in large numbers around the same time.
Irish police officers are called gardaí.
Irish stout is the best beer.
Irish wasn't one of the work languages.
Iriz is Ziri spelt backwards.
Irma and Jeremy are coming over tomorrow. They're staying for dinner too. Is that the plan?
Irma is a category 5 hurricane.
Irma is an extremely dangerous Category 5 hurricane.
Iron Arm Atom protected the country from danger.
Iron and oxygen are elements.
Iron directs heat well enough.
Iron doesn't rust in space.
Iron has an affinity for sulphur, and so does hydrogen for oxygen.
Iron helps us play.
Iron is a metal with many uses.
Iron is a metal.
Iron is a useful metal for everything.
Iron is a useful metal.
Iron is a very important metal.
Iron is a very useful metal.
Iron is hard.
Iron is harder than gold.
Iron is more useful than gold.
Iron is more useful than it is beautiful.
Iron is much more useful than gold.
Iron is one of the most useful metals.
Iron is tempered by heating and sudden cooling.
Iron is the most useful metal.
Iron is the most useful of all metals.
Iron is the most widely used metal.
Iron is the name for the element with atomic number 26 and is represented by the symbol Fe. It is a member of the transition metals group.
Iron is used for ship building.
Iron is used in building ships.
Iron is used in nautical construction.
Iron is used in ship construction.
Iron is used in shipbuilding.
Iron isn't as valuable as gold.
Iron not used soon rusts.
Iron ore occurs there in abundance.
Iron rusts.
Iron sharpens iron.
Iron the inside of collars first, and then the outside.
Iron these shirts first.
Iron these shirts for me.
Iron transmits heat well.
Iron's atomic number is 26.
Ironbridge Gorge is a Unesco world heritage site.
Ironbridge in Shropshire takes its name from the world's first cast-iron bridge, which was built there across the River Severn.
Ironic, isn't it?
Ironically it is war that has brought a great many useful inventions into being.
Ironically, he was arrested by his best friend.
Ironically, it was his best friend who arrested him.
Ironically, one of these Turks would become the sultan Osman I, who founded the Ottoman Empire in 1299 and reduced the role of the caliphs exclusively to the religious plane.
Ironically, that old grammar rule that says "never end a sentence with a preposition" does just that!
Ironically, the fan shop gets really warm in the summer.
Ironically, the remix ended up several times more popular than the original song.
Ironically, the voices calling for a limit on the number of sentences one can contribute per day are often the ones least invested in the platform.
Irony is humanity's sense of shame.
Irony is the first sign that a consciousness has become aware.
Irony is the first sign that a consciousness has become conscious.
Irony is very present in the English tradition.
Irrational numbers are not crazy; in short, they just can't be fractionized.
Irrawaddy dolphins are considered critically endangered marine mammals.
Irregardless of what you might say, I will continue to make use of "irregardless" in my speech.
Irregular verbs are a part of the English language.
Irreligious people constitute 13.3 percent of the population of the United States and 10.6 percent of its physician workforce.
Irrespective of the fact that this sentence is quite long, and in spite of the fact that it contains many synonyms of "in spite of", I’m nonetheless convinced that there will be someone who, regardless of these difficulties, will translate it, even if they won’t receive a financial incentive in exchange, though they naturally will deserve it, and despite the fact that there are far more synonyms.
Irritable men are always the last to know about things.
Irritated, William slapped Sandra.
Irritating, isn't it?
Is "F" a Greek letter?
Is "SPAM" an acronym?
Is "The Fly" a good movie?
Is "Y" a consonant or a vowel?
Is "een onderwijzer" a man or a woman?
Is "heterological" a homological word?
Is "ing" an example of a suffix?
Is "jumbo shrimp" an oxymoron?
Is "poor and happy" an oxymoron?
Is "rich but sad" an oxymoron?
Is "super caloric" a Spanish word?
Is "sólo" still a word in Spanish?
Is "that" functioning as a pronoun or a determiner here?
Is "un enseignant" a man or a woman?
Is 'Alex' a male or female name?
Is 1 a prime number?
Is 1 considered a prime number?
Is 2:30 OK for you?
Is 2:30 too late?
Is 3.8 an even or odd number?
Is 6 o'clock OK?
Is Adriano the manager?
Is Agatha Christie one of your all-time favorite authors?
Is Albania a legitimate country?
Is Algeria France's biggest ally in Africa?
Is Algeria a Francophone country?
Is Algeria a big economy in the region?
Is Algeria a budding regional power in the Mediterranean region?
Is Algeria a commodity exporter?
Is Algeria a country of the future?
Is Algeria a democracy?
Is Algeria a democratic country?
Is Algeria a democratic nation?
Is Algeria a developing economy?
Is Algeria a dictatorship?
Is Algeria a fast-growing economy?
Is Algeria a future regional power?
Is Algeria a gerontocracy?
Is Algeria a good candidate for outsourcing process centers?
Is Algeria a good place to live?
Is Algeria a massive holder of gold reserves?
Is Algeria a middle-income country?
Is Algeria a middle-income economy?
Is Algeria a model for other African countries to follow?
Is Algeria a model to follow?
Is Algeria a poor country?
Is Algeria a secular country?
Is Algeria a secular nation?
Is Algeria a socially shattered country?
Is Algeria a superpower on the rise?
Is Algeria a truly stable country?
Is Algeria a valuable friend to France?
Is Algeria a wheat exporter?
Is Algeria actually in danger?
Is Algeria an Islamic state?
Is Algeria an attractive market?
Is Algeria an autocratic state?
Is Algeria an economic powerhouse in the making?
Is Algeria an emerging country?
Is Algeria an emerging democracy?
Is Algeria an emerging economy?
Is Algeria an emerging market?
Is Algeria an emerging nation?
Is Algeria an emerging regional power?
Is Algeria an underperforming economy?
Is Algeria apprehensive to build new factories?
Is Algeria bad at making deals?
Is Algeria categorized as a flawed democracy?
Is Algeria cheating about its economic statistics?
Is Algeria classified as a middle-income country?
Is Algeria committing economic mistakes?
Is Algeria compatible with radical economic reform?
Is Algeria decreasing its oil and gas production?
Is Algeria developing economically?
Is Algeria developing?
Is Algeria distancing itself from France?
Is Algeria doing little to create new jobs?
Is Algeria doomed to stagnation?
Is Algeria effectively connected to the world?
Is Algeria exaggerating its GDP?
Is Algeria experiencing a huge democratic change?
Is Algeria facing a cash shortage?
Is Algeria facing a major economic disaster?
Is Algeria facing an existential threat?
Is Algeria facing bankruptcy?
Is Algeria facing chaos?
Is Algeria facing economic collapse?
Is Algeria facing economic disaster?
Is Algeria facing high inflation?
Is Algeria getting richer?
Is Algeria going to become a major player in the Mediterranean region in the coming decades?
Is Algeria going to become an African superpower?
Is Algeria going to become some sort of a free market paradise?
Is Algeria going to the abyss?
Is Algeria going to turn into a capitalist country?
Is Algeria headed for a recession?
Is Algeria headed towards economic recovery?
Is Algeria heading towards the same fate as Syria?
Is Algeria improving the image of Africa?
Is Algeria in a failed state situation?
Is Algeria in a very dangerous situation?
Is Algeria in a vulnerable position?
Is Algeria in the middle of a golden window of opportunity?
Is Algeria limiting the independence of the media?
Is Algeria losing its secular values?
Is Algeria lying about its economic statistics?
Is Algeria making big economic mistakes?
Is Algeria moving towards democracy?
Is Algeria on the brink of becoming a new Venezuela?
Is Algeria on the course of an economic boom?
Is Algeria on the edge of bankruptcy?
Is Algeria on the fast lane for economic success?
Is Algeria on the verge of bankruptcy?
Is Algeria on the verge of collapsing?
Is Algeria on track to become an economic superpower?
Is Algeria out of the woods yet?
Is Algeria planning on building wind farms?
Is Algeria politically divided?
Is Algeria prepared for the future?
Is Algeria prepared for this?
Is Algeria reacting to climate change fast enough?
Is Algeria ready for a resilient economy?
Is Algeria ready for extracting its shale oil?
Is Algeria ready for take-off?
Is Algeria ready to advance?
Is Algeria really a huge powder keg ready to blow?
Is Algeria really constantly in danger?
Is Algeria really developing?
Is Algeria really following a policy of import substitution?
Is Algeria really on the brink of a civil war?
Is Algeria really stable?
Is Algeria really the country of the future?
Is Algeria reducing its greenhouse gases?
Is Algeria running out of cheap labor?
Is Algeria running out of money?
Is Algeria saving money?
Is Algeria secular?
Is Algeria still a democracy?
Is Algeria still a dictatorship?
Is Algeria still a poor country?
Is Algeria stuck in the middle-income trap?
Is Algeria technically still at war with Morocco?
Is Algeria that powerful militarily?
Is Algeria threatened by food insecurity?
Is Algeria to France what Mexico is to the United States?
Is Algeria truly developing?
Is Algeria truly sowing the seeds of a sustainable economy?
Is Algeria truly stable?
Is Algeria walking on a tight rope?
Is Algeria winning its battle against poverty?
Is Algeria winning?
Is Algeria's GDP accurately measured?
Is Algeria's GDP increasing?
Is Algeria's GDP really increasing?
Is Algeria's agriculture a productive sector?
Is Algeria's agriculture productive?
Is Algeria's currency pegged to the dollar?
Is Algeria's currency undervalued?
Is Algeria's economic diversification sustainable?
Is Algeria's economic growth sustainable?
Is Algeria's economic growth trending downwards?
Is Algeria's economy bound to crash?
Is Algeria's economy collapsing?
Is Algeria's economy contracting?
Is Algeria's economy developing?
Is Algeria's economy doing alright?
Is Algeria's economy evolving?
Is Algeria's economy facing a cash shortage?
Is Algeria's economy growing?
Is Algeria's economy heading for a recession?
Is Algeria's economy heading for a technical recession?
Is Algeria's economy lagging behind Morocco's?
Is Algeria's economy on the path to recovery?
Is Algeria's economy on the verge of collapse?
Is Algeria's economy prone to shocks?
Is Algeria's economy really recovering?
Is Algeria's economy recovering?
Is Algeria's economy still growing?
Is Algeria's economy sustainable?
Is Algeria's external debt increasing?
Is Algeria's financial system really in danger of collapse?
Is Algeria's food security threatened?
Is Algeria's growth accurately measured?
Is Algeria's growth sustainable?
Is Algeria's growth truly sustainable?
Is Algeria's inflation rate undergoing a decreasing trend?
Is Algeria's influence in the region declining?
Is Algeria's iron cheap to refine?
Is Algeria's iron easy to extract?
Is Algeria's labor force growing?
Is Algeria's middle class growing?
Is Algeria's monetary system in peril?
Is Algeria's national security at risk?
Is Algeria's national security really at risk?
Is Algeria's oil cheap to extract?
Is Algeria's oil cheap to refine?
Is Algeria's oil easy and cheap to extract?
Is Algeria's oil easy to extract?
Is Algeria's pension system really in danger of collapse?
Is Algeria's population aging?
Is Algeria's population booming?
Is Algeria's population decreasing?
Is Algeria's public debt high?
Is Algeria's transport infrastructure keeping pace with the nation's population growth?
Is Algeria, the sleeping giant, finally awakening?
Is Algerian oil easy to extract?
Is Algerian oil expensive to produce?
Is Algerian oil hard to extract?
Is Algiers a dangerous city?
Is Algiers a good city?
Is Algiers a successful city?
Is Algiers a tough place to make a living?
Is Algiers a walkable city?
Is Algiers better than other places?
Is Algiers comfortable?
Is Algiers hot in the summer?
Is Algiers walkable?
Is Algiers where you are from?
Is Alicia going to live in Berlin?
Is Allah gay?
Is America going to invade Greenland?
Is America going to invade Panama?
Is America older than Italy?
Is American food popular here in Japan?
Is Amharic a Semitic language?
Is Arabic as difficult as Chinese?
Is Arabic difficult?
Is Armenia a member of the European Union?
Is Arnold Schwarzenegger still able to speak German?
Is Assange being tortured in the UK?
Is Assange being tortured?
Is Aun still in love with his wife?
Is Australia a continent or just a country?
Is Australia a continent?
Is Australia a good place to live?
Is Australia a landlocked country?
Is Australia a nice place to live?
Is Australia an exciting place to live?
Is Australia an interesting place to live?
Is Australia an island?
Is Australia as big as the United States?
Is Australia near New Zealand?
Is Australia really such a bad place?
Is Australia safe for its aboriginal people?
Is Australia very far away?
Is Austria a landlocked country?
Is Austria really the sixth largest country in the world?
Is Batman gay?
Is Beijing hot?
Is Berber a challenging language?
Is Berber a difficult language?
Is Berber an easy language?
Is Berber conjugation difficult to learn?
Is Berber difficult to learn?
Is Berber difficult?
Is Berber easy to learn?
Is Berber hard to learn?
Is Berber harder than Hungarian?
Is Berber in danger of vanishing?
Is Berber pronunciation difficult?
Is Berber really difficult to learn?
Is Berber the most used language in Algeria?
Is Berber your mother tongue?
Is Berber your native language?
Is Bigfoot an endangered species?
Is Bitcoin a bubble?
Is Bob OK?
Is Bob right?
Is Bob your uncle?
Is Borneo an island or a continent?
Is Boston a big city?
Is Boston a good place to live?
Is Boston a major center for metallurgy?
Is Boston a nice place to live?
Is Boston a safe place to live?
Is Boston a sanctuary city?
Is Boston an exciting place to live?
Is Boston an interesting place to live?
Is Boston an interesting place to visit?
Is Boston as cold as Chicago?
Is Boston as hot as Chicago?
Is Boston bigger than Chicago?
Is Boston cold now?
Is Boston colder than Chicago?
Is Boston far away?
Is Boston hotter than Chicago?
Is Boston larger than Chicago?
Is Boston near Chicago?
Is Boston really such a bad place?
Is Boston safe?
Is Boston very far away?
Is Boston's school system different from Chicago's?
Is Bouteflika's highly centralized administration bad for Algeria?
Is Brazil's economy doomed to fail?
Is Brigitte your friend?
Is Buddhism a religion or a philosophy?
Is C# easier than Python?
Is Cantonese a language or a dialect?
Is Cemini a village?
Is Chavez's dream in danger?
Is China in a hyperpower phase?
Is Chinese your native language?
Is Chris working today?
Is Christmas celebrated in this country?
Is Claudia Jorge's friend?
Is Cookie a colt or a filly?
Is Cookie a dog or a cat?
Is Cookie a hamster or a gerbil?
Is Cookie a turtle or a tortoise?
Is Dad in the kitchen?
Is Dan aware of what he did?
Is Dan going somewhere?
Is Dan going to dump Linda?
Is Dan running away?
Is Daniel hiding something from us?
Is Darwinism true?
Is Dimitris from Greece?
Is Donald Trump Islamophobic?
Is Donald being paid to ruin my life?
Is Duolingo or Memrise better for learning French?
Is Dutch similar to German?
Is Earth the only place in the universe where life is located?
Is Egypt challenging Algeria's regional interests?
Is Egypt in the Middle East or in North Africa?
Is Egyptian still spoken?
Is Ellen White against Helene Blavatsky as Adventist people claim?
Is Elon Musk ahead of his time?
Is Emily Greek?
Is Emily a Greek woman?
Is Emily at home now?
Is English a difficult language to learn?
Is English harder than Japanese?
Is English more difficult than Japanese?
Is English really written with a Cyrillic alphabet, or is it written with a Latin alphabet?
Is English spoken in Canada?
Is Eric younger or older than you?
Is Esperanto a conlang?
Is Esperanto a joke, or a serious option?
Is Esperanto hard to learn?
Is Ethiopia's Renaissance Dam going to affect Egypt's water share of the Nile River?
Is Facebook available in Berber?
Is Facebook available in the Berber language?
Is Fadil a threat to society?
Is Father in the kitchen?
Is Ferhat Mehenni's music any good?
Is Finland dangerous?
Is Finnish your mother tongue?
Is Flight 123 going to be delayed?
Is Fox News biased?
Is France Islamophobic?
Is France an Islamophobic country?
Is France at war with Islam?
Is France in decline?
Is France on the decline?
Is France trying to suppress Algeria's development?
Is French a difficult language to learn?
Is French a required class?
Is French a required subject?
Is French an easy language to learn?
Is French an easy language?
Is French as difficult as English?
Is French difficult or easy?
Is French difficult to learn?
Is French difficult?
Is French easy to learn?
Is French easy?
Is French hard to learn?
Is French harder than English?
Is French more difficult than English?
Is French one of the languages that you know?
Is French one of the languages you know?
Is French pronunciation difficult?
Is French still being taught in Australia?
Is French taught at junior school?
Is French taught at primary school?
Is French taught at school?
Is French taught at your school?
Is French taught in elementary schools?
Is French taught in junior schools?
Is French taught in primary schools?
Is French taught in schools in Australia?
Is French your first language?
Is French your language?
Is French your mother tongue?
Is French your native language?
Is Galileo Galilei a real name?
Is Galileo your real name?
Is Game of Thrones available on Netflix?
Is Georgia able to join the European Union?
Is Geraldine Ferraro still alive?
Is German a Romance language?
Is German a Yiddish dialect?
Is German easy to learn?
Is German pronunciation difficult?
Is German so difficult to learn?
Is German spoken too?
Is Germany as beautiful as the Netherlands?
Is Germany as cold as Canada?
Is Germany dangerous?
Is Germany good?
Is Germany near Italy?
Is Germany still occupied by the US?
Is Gibraltar a country?
Is God gay?
Is God important in your life?
Is God real?
Is God the first cause or the immanent cause?
Is Greek hard to learn?
Is Gronings a language or a dialect?
Is Gronings a language or dialect?
Is Gunter outside?
Is Haruki Murakami popular in Vietnam as well?
Is Hawaiian pizza actually from Hawaii?
Is Hittite a difficult language?
Is Hungarian your mother tongue?
Is India being ruled by a Hindu version of ISIS?
Is India destined for a superpower status?
Is India playing cricket?
Is Iran building an atomic bomb or not?
Is Islam a peaceful religion?
Is Islam a scientific religion?
Is Islam a true religion?
Is Islam difficult?
Is Islam going to make my life harder?
Is Islam right?
Is Islam suitable for the 21st century?
Is Islam suitable for the West?
Is Islam the pinnacle of morality?
Is Islam the pinnacle of rationality?
Is Islam the truth?
Is Islam too complicated to teach?
Is Islamic banking good?
Is Islamic law barbaric?
Is Israel a democratic country?
Is Israel really part of the democratic world?
Is Israel's Iron Dome suddenly incapable of intercepting Hamas missiles?
Is Istanbul beautiful?
Is JFDR Icelandic?
Is James still at the table?
Is Japan a cheap tourist destination?
Is Japan a good place to live in?
Is Japan a good place to live?
Is Japan a good place to reside?
Is Japan a pleasant place to live in?
Is Japan a pleasant place to live?
Is Japan a pleasant place to reside?
Is Japanese taught in your school now?
Is Jessica being abused?
Is Jesus God?
Is Jesus really God?
Is Jesus too sexy in the movie "Son of God"?
Is Jimmy writing a letter?
Is John available now?
Is John your name?
Is Johnny at the university?
Is Jonas going to move out?
Is Jordan still responsible for the al-Aqsa Mosque compound?
Is Jordan still the custodian of the al-Aqsa Mosque?
Is Joseph Brazilian or Spanish?
Is Judeo-Malayalam just a Jewish dialect of Malayalam, or is it different enough to be its own language?
Is Justin Bieber becoming a father?
Is Kabylie safe?
Is Kabylie that Algerian region where everyone speaks Tamazight?
Is Kaysa there?
Is Kazakhstan really the number one exporter of potassium?
Is Kim Jong ill or is Kim Jong OK?
Is Kim Jong ill or is Kim Jong okay?
Is Klingon a real language if some people are fluent in it?
Is Kuki a dog or a cat?
Is Kumi playing tennis?
Is Lady Gaga an actor?
Is Laurie at home?
Is Laurie fat?
Is Layla going to have that baby?
Is Layla having an affair?
Is Layla in the clinic?
Is Layla telling the whole story?
Is Leo your friend?
Is Liechtenstein a European country?
Is Lisa from Toronto?
Is Lojban ambiguous? Depends what you mean by ambiguous.
Is Lori at home?
Is MSG really bad for you?
Is Macron a Freemason?
Is Malaysia's currency overvalued?
Is Malichanh young or old?
Is Maria gone?
Is Maria happily married to Tom?
Is Marika still living with her parents?
Is Mars colonizable?
Is Mars really lifeless?
Is Mars truly dead?
Is Martian soil suitable for growing plants?
Is Mary Tom's mother?
Is Mary Tom's wife?
Is Mary a Sikh?
Is Mary a common name in your country?
Is Mary a famous actress?
Is Mary a plain Jane?
Is Mary a pretty girl?
Is Mary a real blonde?
Is Mary always like this?
Is Mary an atheist?
Is Mary angry with Tom?
Is Mary as beautiful as her sister?
Is Mary attractive to you?
Is Mary aware of what she did?
Is Mary beautiful?
Is Mary behaving herself?
Is Mary cleaning her room now?
Is Mary cross with Tom?
Is Mary dating anybody?
Is Mary dating anyone?
Is Mary enjoying her learning experience?
Is Mary finding the apprenticeship helpful?
Is Mary going to do that by herself?
Is Mary here?
Is Mary hiding something?
Is Mary in her office?
Is Mary in the garden?
Is Mary leading a humanitarian project now?
Is Mary leading the decolonization effort?
Is Mary leading the humanitarian response?
Is Mary learning about sustainable gardening practices?
Is Mary learning faster than before?
Is Mary lying about her age?
Is Mary on her way?
Is Mary one of your daughters?
Is Mary one of your granddaughters?
Is Mary one of your nieces?
Is Mary one of your sisters?
Is Mary out of her mind?
Is Mary planning on doing that by herself?
Is Mary planning on staying at home all day by herself?
Is Mary planning to do that by herself?
Is Mary planning to stay at home all day by herself?
Is Mary prettier than me?
Is Mary ready for this procedure that has no medical purpose?
Is Mary really going to Boston by herself?
Is Mary really pregnant?
Is Mary still in her office?
Is Mary there?
Is Mary watching TV?
Is Mary wearing eye shadow?
Is Mary wearing the new shirt you bought for her?
Is Mary well?
Is Mary with you?
Is Mary worried about her grades?
Is Mary your daughter?
Is Mary your girlfriend?
Is Mary your niece?
Is Mary your only daughter?
Is Mary your sister?
Is Mary your wife?
Is Mary's husband a general?
Is Matthew the father?
Is Meat Loaf dead?
Is Mennad a nurse?
Is Mennad feeling better?
Is Mexico a signatory to the Geneva Convention?
Is Mexico really unsafe?
Is Mike a member of the swimming club?
Is Mike off the bottle?
Is Miss Dupont absent today?
Is Miss Smith an English teacher?
Is Mom coming over?
Is Mom here?
Is Monday OK?
Is Monday too late?
Is Montenegro's economy compatible with that of the eurozone?
Is Morocco Algeria's biggest threat?
Is Morocco a functioning democracy?
Is Morocco a significant threat to Algeria?
Is Morocco facing a sudden economic collapse?
Is Morocco on the edge of collapse?
Is Mother Teresa a good person?
Is Mother going to the store?
Is Mother scolding the horse?
Is Mr Brown a teacher?
Is Mr Fujiwara at home now?
Is Mr Johnson in?
Is Mr Jones in the office?
Is Mr Nakamura at home?
Is Mr Ozawa going to be the next manager?
Is Mr Parker in today?
Is Mr Sato good at literature?
Is Mr Schmidt at home now?
Is Mr Smith at home now?
Is Mr Yamada a physics or a chemistry teacher?
Is Mr Yamada a physics or chemistry teacher?
Is Mr. Al-Abeed here?
Is Mr. Al-Obaid here?
Is Mr. Brown a doctor?
Is Mr. Fujiwara at home now?
Is Mr. Jackson in?
Is Mr. Jackson one of your teachers?
Is Mr. Jackson the teacher a recent graduate?
Is Mr. Johnson in?
Is Mr. Jones in the office?
Is Mr. Nakamura at home?
Is Mr. Ozawa going to be the next manager?
Is Mr. Richard at home?
Is Mr. Roberto at home?
Is Mr. Schmidt at home now?
Is Mr. Smith an English teacher?
Is Mrs. Jackson Tom's mother?
Is Mrs. Smith an English teacher?
Is Mrs. Watson in?
Is Muhammad a prophet or not?
Is Muhammad a true prophet or not?
Is Muhammad mentioned in the Bible?
Is Mum at home?
Is Mum back yet?
Is Mum going shopping?
Is Mum going to the shop?
Is Mum here?
Is Mum home?
Is Murphy's Law infallible?
Is Muslim blood cheaper?
Is Nady a boy or a girl?
Is Natasha a common name in Russia?
Is New Zealand part of Australia?
Is North Korea a monarchy?
Is Northern Berber a language or a group of languages?
Is Norway a good country to live in?
Is Okayama a big city?
Is Orban a hero or a villain?
Is PC culture good or bad?
Is Palestine not also a sort of "ancestral land" for the Palestinians? Must they not also have the right to return to the country where their ancestors are buried?
Is Paris far away?
Is Parmesan considered a strong cheese?
Is Penny lying?
Is Pete Rodriguez still playing music today?
Is Peter always sleeping?
Is Pierre coming?
Is PlayStation still keeping you up late?
Is Polish difficult to learn?
Is Prague expensive?
Is Prigozhin in danger?
Is Python a programming language?
Is Riki a village?
Is Rima and the baby alright?
Is Robin Hood alive?
Is Roger Waters a narcissist?
Is Rome in Gaul?
Is Rosetta Stone or Pimsleur better for learning French?
Is Russia a strategic partner for us, or a geopolitical adversary?
Is Russia in danger?
Is Russia our enemy? I don't believe that.
Is Russia part of Europe or Asia?
Is Russian your native language?
Is Sami Malaysian?
Is Sami a Sikh?
Is Sami a threat to society?
Is Sami all right?
Is Sami breathing?
Is Sami fooling around?
Is Sami going to be late?
Is Sami still out there?
Is Sami telling the truth?
Is Santa Claus real?
Is Santa Claus thin or fat?
Is Santa coming this year?
Is Sao Paulo a good place to live?
Is Schrodinger's cat dead or alive?
Is Scotland's independence still possible?
Is Shanghai developing quickly?
Is Shunde part Foshan?
Is Siberia a country?
Is Sicily very close to Malta?
Is Singapore a comfortable place to live?
Is Singapore a good place to live?
Is Singapore a nice place to live?
Is Skura pregnant?
Is Skura's tumor curable?
Is Slovenian tonal?
Is Sofia in Japan?
Is Spanish spoken in Mexico?
Is Sparta an island?
Is Sukkot more important than Hanukkah?
Is Sukkus more important than Hanukkah?
Is Sunday the first day of the week?
Is Switzerland large or small?
Is THIS edible?
Is Tamasheq mutually intelligible with Kabyle?
Is Taninna's computer still down?
Is Tatoeba a pamphlet or what?
Is Tatoeba a social network?
Is Tatoeba good?
Is Tatoeba like Facebook?
Is Tatoeba something like Facebook?
Is Tatoeba the right place for protests and political campaigns?
Is Tebboune Algeria's savior?
Is Tebboune a charismatic leader?
Is Tebboune a pragmatist or an ideologue?
Is Tebboune a simple interim leader?
Is Tebboune able to resurrect Algeria's economy?
Is Tebboune losing political capital?
Is Tebboune really trying to get rid of everything that smelt of the Bouteflika regime?
Is Tebboune the right man for the job?
Is Telegram better than WhatsApp? What's your opinion?
Is Thomas a common name where you live?
Is Tiziri with you?
Is Toki Pona easy to learn?
Is Tom American or Canadian?
Is Tom Canadian?
Is Tom Jackson a patient here?
Is Tom Jackson in this movie?
Is Tom Jackson one of your employees?
Is Tom Jackson your real name?
Is Tom Jackson your uncle?
Is Tom Mary's son?
Is Tom OK or not?
Is Tom OK with this?
Is Tom OK?
Is Tom a Canadian citizen?
Is Tom a Canadian, too?
Is Tom a Canadian?
Is Tom a Christian?
Is Tom a French teacher?
Is Tom a Power Ranger?
Is Tom a bachelor?
Is Tom a bad guy?
Is Tom a beggar again?
Is Tom a businessman?
Is Tom a chauffeur?
Is Tom a close friend?
Is Tom a common name in Australia?
Is Tom a common name in your country?
Is Tom a computer programmer?
Is Tom a criminal?
Is Tom a detective?
Is Tom a developer?
Is Tom a diabetic?
Is Tom a doctor, or an engineer?
Is Tom a doctor?
Is Tom a drinker?
Is Tom a famous actor?
Is Tom a florist?
Is Tom a foreigner?
Is Tom a friend of yours?
Is Tom a friend?
Is Tom a full partner now?
Is Tom a fun guy?
Is Tom a genius?
Is Tom a good admin?
Is Tom a good athlete?
Is Tom a good chess player?
Is Tom a good conversationalist?
Is Tom a good cook?
Is Tom a good dancer?
Is Tom a good guy?
Is Tom a good kisser?
Is Tom a good painter?
Is Tom a good person?
Is Tom a good roommate?
Is Tom a good singer?
Is Tom a good skier?
Is Tom a good son-in-law?
Is Tom a good student?
Is Tom a good swimmer?
Is Tom a good teacher?
Is Tom a good worker?
Is Tom a good-looking guy?
Is Tom a great actor?
Is Tom a handsome guy?
Is Tom a handsome man?
Is Tom a hard worker?
Is Tom a hero or a traitor?
Is Tom a hero or traitor?
Is Tom a liberal or conservative?
Is Tom a licensed therapist?
Is Tom a little drunk?
Is Tom a member of the Royal Family?
Is Tom a member of the swimming club?
Is Tom a member?
Is Tom a nice boy?
Is Tom a nice guy?
Is Tom a pacifist?
Is Tom a patient here?
Is Tom a patient of yours?
Is Tom a policeman?
Is Tom a polyglot?
Is Tom a prisoner?
Is Tom a racist?
Is Tom a relative of yours?
Is Tom a reliable narrator?
Is Tom a reliable person?
Is Tom a reliable witness?
Is Tom a scientist?
Is Tom a senior or a junior?
Is Tom a singer?
Is Tom a spy?
Is Tom a student here?
Is Tom a suspect?
Is Tom a taxi driver?
Is Tom a teacher here?
Is Tom a teacher?
Is Tom a university student?
Is Tom a vegan?
Is Tom a vegetarian?
Is Tom a very good saxophone player?
Is Tom a witness?
Is Tom a zombie?
Is Tom able to do that?
Is Tom able to do this?
Is Tom able to drive a truck?
Is Tom able to drive?
Is Tom able to eat?
Is Tom able to play the harmonica?
Is Tom able to speak French?
Is Tom able to support himself?
Is Tom able to swim?
Is Tom able to write his name?
Is Tom aboard that ship?
Is Tom about to sing?
Is Tom about?
Is Tom absent today?
Is Tom actively looking for a job?
Is Tom actually in danger?
Is Tom actually in there?
Is Tom adopted?
Is Tom adventurous?
Is Tom afraid of Mary?
Is Tom afraid of dogs?
Is Tom afraid of something?
Is Tom afraid of that?
Is Tom afraid of this?
Is Tom afraid to be alone?
Is Tom afraid to do it?
Is Tom afraid to do that?
Is Tom afraid yet?
Is Tom afraid?
Is Tom alive?
Is Tom all right?
Is Tom allergic to anything?
Is Tom allergic to peanuts?
Is Tom allowed to do that?
Is Tom almost finished here?
Is Tom almost finished?
Is Tom alone now?
Is Tom alone?
Is Tom already asleep?
Is Tom already back?
Is Tom already employed?
Is Tom already going to school?
Is Tom already here?
Is Tom already in Australia?
Is Tom already in Boston?
Is Tom already married?
Is Tom already there?
Is Tom alright with sweets?
Is Tom alright?
Is Tom also Canadian?
Is Tom also a teacher?
Is Tom also coming?
Is Tom also from Australia?
Is Tom also lecturing you?
Is Tom also studying French?
Is Tom always here on Monday?
Is Tom always here on Mondays?
Is Tom always like that?
Is Tom always like this?
Is Tom always so helpful?
Is Tom always so rude?
Is Tom always that quiet?
Is Tom always this helpful?
Is Tom ambidextrous?
Is Tom ambitious?
Is Tom an American too?
Is Tom an actor?
Is Tom an adult?
Is Tom an alcoholic?
Is Tom an artist?
Is Tom an electrician?
Is Tom an eyewitness?
Is Tom an officer?
Is Tom an outsider?
Is Tom and Mary going to do that by themselves?
Is Tom and Mary planning on doing that by themselves?
Is Tom and Mary planning to do that by themselves?
Is Tom angry with Mary?
Is Tom angry with us?
Is Tom angry?
Is Tom any better today?
Is Tom any better?
Is Tom any good at French?
Is Tom any good at baseball?
Is Tom any good at basketball?
Is Tom any good?
Is Tom armed?
Is Tom around?
Is Tom as smart as Mary?
Is Tom as tall as I am?
Is Tom as tall as me?
Is Tom asking too much of us?
Is Tom asking too much?
Is Tom asleep?
Is Tom at home now?
Is Tom at home today?
Is Tom at home?
Is Tom at school now?
Is Tom at school right now?
Is Tom at school today?
Is Tom at school?
Is Tom at work?
Is Tom at your place right now?
Is Tom at your place?
Is Tom athletic?
Is Tom autistic?
Is Tom available now?
Is Tom available?
Is Tom awake yet?
Is Tom awake?
Is Tom aware of his mistake?
Is Tom aware of his mistakes?
Is Tom aware of the problem?
Is Tom aware of what Mary did?
Is Tom aware of what he did?
Is Tom babbling?
Is Tom back already?
Is Tom back in Boston?
Is Tom back with Mary?
Is Tom back yet?
Is Tom back?
Is Tom badly hurt?
Is Tom badly injured?
Is Tom bald?
Is Tom behaving himself?
Is Tom being charged with a crime?
Is Tom being properly cared for?
Is Tom being protected?
Is Tom being punished?
Is Tom better already?
Is Tom better at French than Mary?
Is Tom better at playing tennis or playing golf?
Is Tom better at speaking French or speaking English?
Is Tom better at swimming or skiing?
Is Tom better off without Mary?
Is Tom better than Mary?
Is Tom better today?
Is Tom better yet?
Is Tom better?
Is Tom big?
Is Tom bilingual?
Is Tom black?
Is Tom blackmailing you?
Is Tom blind?
Is Tom blue-collar or white-collar?
Is Tom bluffing?
Is Tom bored?
Is Tom bothering you again?
Is Tom bothering you?
Is Tom breathing?
Is Tom broke?
Is Tom busy at the moment?
Is Tom busy now?
Is Tom busy right now?
Is Tom busy today?
Is Tom busy?
Is Tom buying fresh produce at the market?
Is Tom careful?
Is Tom carrying a gun?
Is Tom celebrating?
Is Tom cleaning his room now?
Is Tom colorblind?
Is Tom coming alone or with his wife?
Is Tom coming along?
Is Tom coming as well?
Is Tom coming back again?
Is Tom coming back here?
Is Tom coming back tonight?
Is Tom coming back?
Is Tom coming by bus?
Is Tom coming by train or by bus?
Is Tom coming here tomorrow?
Is Tom coming here?
Is Tom coming in to meet with you today?
Is Tom coming soon?
Is Tom coming to dinner with us?
Is Tom coming to kill us?
Is Tom coming to pick you up?
Is Tom coming to the Halloween party?
Is Tom coming today?
Is Tom coming tomorrow?
Is Tom coming tonight?
Is Tom coming with us?
Is Tom coming, too?
Is Tom coming?
Is Tom competent?
Is Tom complaining?
Is Tom concerned?
Is Tom confident?
Is Tom confused?
Is Tom conscious?
Is Tom conservative?
Is Tom considering joining a revolution?
Is Tom contributing?
Is Tom cool?
Is Tom correct?
Is Tom crazy?
Is Tom cross with us?
Is Tom crying?
Is Tom cured?
Is Tom cute?
Is Tom dancing?
Is Tom dangerous?
Is Tom dating anybody?
Is Tom dating anyone?
Is Tom dating someone?
Is Tom dead or alive?
Is Tom dead yet?
Is Tom dead?
Is Tom deaf?
Is Tom delirious?
Is Tom denying this?
Is Tom dependable?
Is Tom determined to do that?
Is Tom diabetic?
Is Tom dieting?
Is Tom different than before?
Is Tom divorced?
Is Tom doing OK?
Is Tom doing anything right now?
Is Tom doing better?
Is Tom doing okay?
Is Tom doing that now?
Is Tom doing that right now?
Is Tom doing the right thing?
Is Tom doing well I wonder?
Is Tom doing well?
Is Tom done with it yet?
Is Tom done?
Is Tom downstairs?
Is Tom dreaming?
Is Tom dressed?
Is Tom drinking beer?
Is Tom drinking coffee?
Is Tom drinking milk?
Is Tom drinking?
Is Tom drunk already?
Is Tom drunk?
Is Tom dying of cancer?
Is Tom dying?
Is Tom eager to do that?
Is Tom eating a sandwich?
Is Tom eating an apple or a banana?
Is Tom eating the apple I gave him?
Is Tom eating the apple that I gave him?
Is Tom eating the sandwich Mary made for him?
Is Tom eating the sandwich that Mary made for him?
Is Tom eating?
Is Tom eligible?
Is Tom engaged?
Is Tom even a real doctor?
Is Tom even paying attention?
Is Tom even your real name?
Is Tom ever going to be able to walk again?
Is Tom ever in a bad mood?
Is Tom ever late?
Is Tom famous?
Is Tom faster than Mary?
Is Tom fasting?
Is Tom fat?
Is Tom feeling any better this morning?
Is Tom feeling any better?
Is Tom feeling bad?
Is Tom feeling better now?
Is Tom feeling better today?
Is Tom feeling better?
Is Tom feeling stronger?
Is Tom feeling well?
Is Tom fighting?
Is Tom finished eating?
Is Tom finished?
Is Tom flexible?
Is Tom fluent in French?
Is Tom for real?
Is Tom forgetful?
Is Tom free for lunch?
Is Tom free now?
Is Tom free?
Is Tom friendly?
Is Tom from Australia?
Is Tom from Boston, too?
Is Tom from Boston?
Is Tom from here?
Is Tom fun?
Is Tom generous?
Is Tom getting a raw deal?
Is Tom getting any better?
Is Tom getting better?
Is Tom getting enough to eat?
Is Tom getting on all right?
Is Tom getting stronger?
Is Tom gifted?
Is Tom giving you trouble?
Is Tom going back to Australia?
Is Tom going back to Boston?
Is Tom going home?
Is Tom going mad?
Is Tom going on tour?
Is Tom going out?
Is Tom going somewhere?
Is Tom going to Australia?
Is Tom going to Boston next summer?
Is Tom going to Boston?
Is Tom going to be OK?
Is Tom going to be a teacher?
Is Tom going to be able to make it?
Is Tom going to be all right?
Is Tom going to be arrested?
Is Tom going to be at the party tonight?
Is Tom going to be here this afternoon?
Is Tom going to be here?
Is Tom going to be home tomorrow?
Is Tom going to be late?
Is Tom going to be rewarded for what he did?
Is Tom going to be staying here long?
Is Tom going to be there?
Is Tom going to be your best man?
Is Tom going to buy this?
Is Tom going to come today?
Is Tom going to come with us?
Is Tom going to come?
Is Tom going to die?
Is Tom going to do it or not?
Is Tom going to do that by himself?
Is Tom going to do that or not?
Is Tom going to do that this week?
Is Tom going to do that today?
Is Tom going to do that?
Is Tom going to dump Mary?
Is Tom going to eat with us?
Is Tom going to get his money back?
Is Tom going to get out of prison any time soon?
Is Tom going to give you a ride home?
Is Tom going to go skating tomorrow?
Is Tom going to go there with you?
Is Tom going to go with us tomorrow?
Is Tom going to help Mary do that?
Is Tom going to help Mary?
Is Tom going to help us?
Is Tom going to help you do that?
Is Tom going to help you?
Is Tom going to jail?
Is Tom going to jump?
Is Tom going to leave today?
Is Tom going to live in Australia?
Is Tom going to live?
Is Tom going to lose?
Is Tom going to make it?
Is Tom going to play the guitar for us tonight?
Is Tom going to play the guitar tonight?
Is Tom going to play with us?
Is Tom going to press charges?
Is Tom going to remember me?
Is Tom going to return?
Is Tom going to school today?
Is Tom going to sing for us tonight?
Is Tom going to sing tonight?
Is Tom going to study French with us?
Is Tom going to swim tomorrow?
Is Tom going to swim with us?
Is Tom going to swim?
Is Tom going to take the job in Boston or the one in Chicago?
Is Tom going to testify against John?
Is Tom going to testify against Mary?
Is Tom going to the market right now?
Is Tom going to the supermarket?
Is Tom going to translate that article?
Is Tom going to walk again?
Is Tom going to win, or lose?
Is Tom going to win?
Is Tom going to work tomorrow?
Is Tom going with you?
Is Tom going, too?
Is Tom good at cooking?
Is Tom good at driving?
Is Tom good at it?
Is Tom good at playing golf?
Is Tom good at playing the saxophone?
Is Tom good at speaking French?
Is Tom good at swimming?
Is Tom good-looking?
Is Tom good?
Is Tom graduating this year?
Is Tom guilty?
Is Tom handsome or ugly?
Is Tom handsome?
Is Tom happy about it?
Is Tom happy about this?
Is Tom happy in Boston?
Is Tom happy now?
Is Tom happy?
Is Tom hard of hearing?
Is Tom having fun?
Is Tom having problems?
Is Tom healthy?
Is Tom helping Mary?
Is Tom helping his wife do the chores at home?
Is Tom her boyfriend?
Is Tom here already?
Is Tom here now?
Is Tom here today?
Is Tom here tonight?
Is Tom here yet?
Is Tom here, too?
Is Tom here?
Is Tom hiding something?
Is Tom hiding?
Is Tom hoarse?
Is Tom home now?
Is Tom home yet?
Is Tom home?
Is Tom hot?
Is Tom hungry?
Is Tom hurt?
Is Tom ill?
Is Tom illiterate?
Is Tom important?
Is Tom improvising?
Is Tom in Australia now?
Is Tom in Australia?
Is Tom in Boston already?
Is Tom in Boston now?
Is Tom in Boston?
Is Tom in a band?
Is Tom in a better mood today?
Is Tom in a coma?
Is Tom in a good mood?
Is Tom in a hurry or what?
Is Tom in a lot of trouble?
Is Tom in any actual danger?
Is Tom in any danger?
Is Tom in any trouble?
Is Tom in bed?
Is Tom in charge?
Is Tom in danger of life?
Is Tom in danger?
Is Tom in his office yet?
Is Tom in his office?
Is Tom in his room?
Is Tom in hospital?
Is Tom in love with you?
Is Tom in love?
Is Tom in on this?
Is Tom in pain?
Is Tom in position?
Is Tom in prison?
Is Tom in some kind of trouble?
Is Tom in surgery?
Is Tom in the bathroom?
Is Tom in the building?
Is Tom in the choir?
Is Tom in the garden?
Is Tom in the hospital?
Is Tom in the kitchen?
Is Tom in the office?
Is Tom in the picture?
Is Tom in the room with us right now?
Is Tom in there alone?
Is Tom in there?
Is Tom in town?
Is Tom in trouble again?
Is Tom in trouble or something?
Is Tom in trouble?
Is Tom in yet?
Is Tom in your class?
Is Tom in?
Is Tom indoors?
Is Tom infected?
Is Tom injured?
Is Tom innocent or guilty?
Is Tom inside?
Is Tom insured?
Is Tom interested in art?
Is Tom interested?
Is Tom intoxicated?
Is Tom intrigued?
Is Tom jealous?
Is Tom joining the humanitarian effort?
Is Tom joking?
Is Tom just playing for time?
Is Tom kidding?
Is Tom kind?
Is Tom lazy?
Is Tom leading the fight for liberty?
Is Tom learning French?
Is Tom leaving or staying?
Is Tom leaving soon?
Is Tom leaving this office?
Is Tom leaving, or will he be staying?
Is Tom leaving?
Is Tom left-handed or right-handed?
Is Tom left-handed?
Is Tom liberal?
Is Tom likely to buy that?
Is Tom likely to come back?
Is Tom likely to do it?
Is Tom likely to do that?
Is Tom likely to leave soon?
Is Tom likely to remember me?
Is Tom likely to want to do that?
Is Tom likely to want to go to Australia with you?
Is Tom likely to want to go to Boston with you?
Is Tom likely to win?
Is Tom limping?
Is Tom listening?
Is Tom living in Australia?
Is Tom living in Boston?
Is Tom local?
Is Tom lonely?
Is Tom looking at me?
Is Tom looking at us?
Is Tom looking for a job?
Is Tom looking for a new job?
Is Tom looking for me?
Is Tom looking for something?
Is Tom looking for them?
Is Tom looking for us?
Is Tom looking?
Is Tom losing?
Is Tom lost?
Is Tom lucid?
Is Tom lucky?
Is Tom lying about his age?
Is Tom lying?
Is Tom mad at us?
Is Tom mad?
Is Tom making a ton of money?
Is Tom making sandwiches?
Is Tom making this up as he goes along?
Is Tom married to Mary?
Is Tom married?
Is Tom missing?
Is Tom more intelligent than her?
Is Tom more intelligent than she is?
Is Tom more intelligent than you are?
Is Tom more intelligent than you?
Is Tom much older than you?
Is Tom near you?
Is Tom nearby?
Is Tom nearsighted?
Is Tom negotiating now?
Is Tom nervous about that?
Is Tom nervous?
Is Tom new?
Is Tom next?
Is Tom nice?
Is Tom normal?
Is Tom not back yet?
Is Tom not coming?
Is Tom not feeling OK?
Is Tom not feeling well?
Is Tom not supposed to be doing that?
Is Tom nuts?
Is Tom obliged to do that?
Is Tom off today?
Is Tom officially retired?
Is Tom old enough to drink?
Is Tom older than me?
Is Tom older than you?
Is Tom on a diet?
Is Tom on any medication?
Is Tom on any medications?
Is Tom on board, too?
Is Tom on board?
Is Tom on drugs again?
Is Tom on duty?
Is Tom on good terms with Mary?
Is Tom on his way?
Is Tom on our team?
Is Tom on the baseball team?
Is Tom on the boat?
Is Tom on the spectrum?
Is Tom on this bus?
Is Tom on this ship?
Is Tom on this train?
Is Tom one of the finalists?
Is Tom one of them?
Is Tom one of your brothers?
Is Tom one of your friends?
Is Tom one of your nephews?
Is Tom one of your sons?
Is Tom or his wife here?
Is Tom out of bed?
Is Tom out of his mind?
Is Tom out there?
Is Tom out?
Is Tom outside?
Is Tom over there with you?
Is Tom overweight?
Is Tom partially to blame?
Is Tom participating in the revolution?
Is Tom partly to blame?
Is Tom patriotic?
Is Tom paying attention?
Is Tom permitted to do that?
Is Tom pestering you?
Is Tom picky?
Is Tom planning on doing that anytime soon?
Is Tom planning on doing that by himself?
Is Tom planning on doing that today?
Is Tom planning on doing that?
Is Tom planning on getting a job anytime soon?
Is Tom planning on helping us?
Is Tom planning on staying at home all day by himself?
Is Tom planning to be at today's meeting?
Is Tom planning to come with us?
Is Tom planning to do that anytime soon?
Is Tom planning to do that by himself?
Is Tom planning to do that today?
Is Tom planning to do that with Mary?
Is Tom planning to do that?
Is Tom planning to eat lunch with us?
Is Tom planning to emigrate next year?
Is Tom planning to go back to Australia?
Is Tom planning to go back to Boston?
Is Tom planning to go to the market today?
Is Tom planning to go, too?
Is Tom planning to go?
Is Tom planning to stay at home all day by himself?
Is Tom playing chess?
Is Tom playing football?
Is Tom playing tennis?
Is Tom playing the guitar?
Is Tom polite?
Is Tom positive?
Is Tom prejudiced?
Is Tom prepared for survival on the island?
Is Tom prepared for this?
Is Tom prepared to do that?
Is Tom prepared?
Is Tom prone to violence?
Is Tom protecting someone?
Is Tom qualified to do that?
Is Tom racist?
Is Tom reachable?
Is Tom reading a book?
Is Tom reading?
Is Tom ready for that?
Is Tom ready for this?
Is Tom ready to do that?
Is Tom ready to go?
Is Tom ready to leave?
Is Tom ready to start dating?
Is Tom ready to talk?
Is Tom ready yet?
Is Tom ready?
Is Tom really Canadian?
Is Tom really Mary's husband?
Is Tom really OK?
Is Tom really a Canadian?
Is Tom really a French teacher?
Is Tom really a nice guy?
Is Tom really a psychiatrist now?
Is Tom really a relative of yours?
Is Tom really a science teacher?
Is Tom really a spy?
Is Tom really a student here?
Is Tom really a teacher?
Is Tom really a vegan?
Is Tom really afraid of Mary?
Is Tom really any good at doing that?
Is Tom really any good at speaking French?
Is Tom really as smart as he thinks?
Is Tom really asleep?
Is Tom really back?
Is Tom really busy?
Is Tom really coming here?
Is Tom really coming?
Is Tom really doing OK?
Is Tom really doing it?
Is Tom really doing that?
Is Tom really drinking milk? I thought that he didn't drink milk.
Is Tom really drinking that?
Is Tom really from Australia?
Is Tom really going back to Boston?
Is Tom really going to Australia by himself?
Is Tom really going to Australia?
Is Tom really going to Boston by himself?
Is Tom really going to Boston?
Is Tom really going to do that?
Is Tom really going to eat that?
Is Tom really going to go to Australia by himself?
Is Tom really going to go to Australia without Mary?
Is Tom really going to go to Boston by himself?
Is Tom really going to go to Boston without Mary?
Is Tom really going to sell his house?
Is Tom really going to tell Mary?
Is Tom really guilty?
Is Tom really happy here?
Is Tom really happy?
Is Tom really in Australia?
Is Tom really in Boston?
Is Tom really indispensable here?
Is Tom really keeping a secret?
Is Tom really leaving?
Is Tom really living in Australia?
Is Tom really living in Boston?
Is Tom really married to Mary?
Is Tom really married?
Is Tom really not well?
Is Tom really only thirty?
Is Tom really planning on helping Mary?
Is Tom really planning to go back to Boston?
Is Tom really planning to sell his car?
Is Tom really related to you?
Is Tom really reliable?
Is Tom really selling his house?
Is Tom really serious?
Is Tom really sick?
Is Tom really single?
Is Tom really sleeping?
Is Tom really so dangerous?
Is Tom really staring at us?
Is Tom really still a student?
Is Tom really stupid enough to believe that?
Is Tom really that clueless?
Is Tom really that dangerous?
Is Tom really that stupid?
Is Tom really the manager?
Is Tom really there?
Is Tom really worried?
Is Tom really your boss?
Is Tom related to Mary?
Is Tom related to you?
Is Tom relaxing?
Is Tom reliable?
Is Tom religious?
Is Tom resting?
Is Tom retarded?
Is Tom retired?
Is Tom rich?
Is Tom richer than Mary?
Is Tom right for you?
Is Tom right, in your opinion?
Is Tom right?
Is Tom running away?
Is Tom safe?
Is Tom sane?
Is Tom satisfied?
Is Tom scared?
Is Tom scaring you?
Is Tom secretly a robot?
Is Tom seeing anyone?
Is Tom seeing someone?
Is Tom self-employed?
Is Tom selling his house?
Is Tom serious about this?
Is Tom serious?
Is Tom seriously thinking about not going to today's meeting?
Is Tom seriously thinking about not going to today’s meeting?
Is Tom short-sighted?
Is Tom shy?
Is Tom sick again?
Is Tom sick?
Is Tom singing?
Is Tom single or married?
Is Tom single, or married?
Is Tom single?
Is Tom sitting?
Is Tom sleeping or dead?
Is Tom sleeping?
Is Tom sleepy?
Is Tom smart?
Is Tom smarter than you?
Is Tom smiling?
Is Tom smoking?
Is Tom snoring?
Is Tom sober?
Is Tom someone special?
Is Tom speaking French or English?
Is Tom speaking French?
Is Tom speaking?
Is Tom standing?
Is Tom staying at a hotel?
Is Tom staying at the Hilton Hotel?
Is Tom staying here?
Is Tom staying the night?
Is Tom staying?
Is Tom still a French teacher?
Is Tom still a bachelor?
Is Tom still a bartender?
Is Tom still a friend of yours?
Is Tom still a patient here?
Is Tom still a plumber?
Is Tom still a student?
Is Tom still a suspect?
Is Tom still a taxi driver?
Is Tom still a teacher?
Is Tom still a university student?
Is Tom still able to do that for us?
Is Tom still able to do that?
Is Tom still able to drive?
Is Tom still aboard?
Is Tom still active?
Is Tom still afraid to do that?
Is Tom still afraid?
Is Tom still alive?
Is Tom still allowed to do that?
Is Tom still angry with you?
Is Tom still angry?
Is Tom still around?
Is Tom still asleep?
Is Tom still at home?
Is Tom still at school?
Is Tom still at the mall?
Is Tom still at work?
Is Tom still avoiding you?
Is Tom still awake?
Is Tom still be able to do that for us?
Is Tom still be willing to do that for us?
Is Tom still be willing to do that?
Is Tom still bothering you?
Is Tom still busy?
Is Tom still coming back?
Is Tom still coming?
Is Tom still crying?
Is Tom still dating Mary?
Is Tom still determined to do that?
Is Tom still doing his homework?
Is Tom still doing that?
Is Tom still doing the same job?
Is Tom still doing well?
Is Tom still drinking?
Is Tom still eating dinner?
Is Tom still eating?
Is Tom still engaged to Mary?
Is Tom still focused on survival tactics?
Is Tom still going to do that?
Is Tom still grounded?
Is Tom still hanging around the office?
Is Tom still happy?
Is Tom still haunting you in your dreams?
Is Tom still having trouble sleeping?
Is Tom still helping out at your restaurant?
Is Tom still here?
Is Tom still homeless?
Is Tom still hungry?
Is Tom still ignoring you?
Is Tom still ill?
Is Tom still in Australia?
Is Tom still in Boston?
Is Tom still in bed?
Is Tom still in control?
Is Tom still in his car?
Is Tom still in his office?
Is Tom still in his room?
Is Tom still in hospital?
Is Tom still in jail?
Is Tom still in love with Mary?
Is Tom still in love with his wife?
Is Tom still in prison?
Is Tom still in school?
Is Tom still in the army?
Is Tom still in the cave?
Is Tom still in the classroom?
Is Tom still in the country?
Is Tom still in the hospital?
Is Tom still in the pool?
Is Tom still in there?
Is Tom still in town?
Is Tom still inside?
Is Tom still interested in going to Australia with us?
Is Tom still interested in going to Boston with us?
Is Tom still interested?
Is Tom still learning new survival strategies?
Is Tom still likely to do that?
Is Tom still likely to win?
Is Tom still living in Australia?
Is Tom still living in Boston?
Is Tom still living in the same apartment?
Is Tom still living on Park Street?
Is Tom still living with his parents?
Is Tom still living with your family?
Is Tom still living?
Is Tom still looking at us?
Is Tom still looking for Mary?
Is Tom still looking for a job?
Is Tom still looking for us?
Is Tom still lying?
Is Tom still mad at me?
Is Tom still mad?
Is Tom still married to Mary?
Is Tom still married?
Is Tom still mowing the lawn?
Is Tom still not here?
Is Tom still obliged to do that?
Is Tom still on a diet?
Is Tom still on the basketball team?
Is Tom still on the couch?
Is Tom still on the job?
Is Tom still on the phone?
Is Tom still on the toilet?
Is Tom still on vacation?
Is Tom still online?
Is Tom still out in the cold?
Is Tom still out there?
Is Tom still overseas?
Is Tom still paying alimony?
Is Tom still permitted to do that?
Is Tom still planning on doing that?
Is Tom still planning on staying with us next summer?
Is Tom still planning to do that?
Is Tom still planning to go to Australia with us?
Is Tom still planning to go to Boston with us?
Is Tom still planning to stay with us next summer?
Is Tom still playing outside?
Is Tom still playing?
Is Tom still recovering?
Is Tom still running the company?
Is Tom still safe?
Is Tom still seeing Mary?
Is Tom still sick?
Is Tom still singing?
Is Tom still single?
Is Tom still sleeping?
Is Tom still smiling?
Is Tom still smoking?
Is Tom still staring at us?
Is Tom still staying with you?
Is Tom still studying French?
Is Tom still studying at Harvard?
Is Tom still studying?
Is Tom still swimming?
Is Tom still taking a shower?
Is Tom still teaching English?
Is Tom still teaching French?
Is Tom still the captain of your ship?
Is Tom still the caretaker? How long has he been in the job?
Is Tom still the one in charge?
Is Tom still there with you?
Is Tom still there?
Is Tom still too busy to see me?
Is Tom still trying to lose weight?
Is Tom still unable to do that?
Is Tom still up?
Is Tom still wearing his shoes?
Is Tom still willing to do that for us?
Is Tom still willing to do that?
Is Tom still with Mary?
Is Tom still with you?
Is Tom still working as a French teacher?
Is Tom still working as a doorman?
Is Tom still working as a plumber?
Is Tom still working as a teacher?
Is Tom still working for you?
Is Tom still working here?
Is Tom still working in Australia?
Is Tom still working in Boston?
Is Tom still working that dead-end job?
Is Tom still working?
Is Tom still your employee?
Is Tom stopping by today?
Is Tom strong?
Is Tom studying French at school?
Is Tom studying French now?
Is Tom studying French?
Is Tom studying now?
Is Tom studying?
Is Tom stupid?
Is Tom successful?
Is Tom suggesting that?
Is Tom superstitious?
Is Tom supposed to be doing that?
Is Tom supposed to be helping Mary?
Is Tom supposed to do it, or am I?
Is Tom supposed to do that?
Is Tom sure about that?
Is Tom sure of that?
Is Tom sure?
Is Tom swimming?
Is Tom taking anything for the pain?
Is Tom taking his own advice?
Is Tom taking it easy?
Is Tom taking on too much?
Is Tom taking the day off today?
Is Tom talkative?
Is Tom talking to you yet?
Is Tom tall?
Is Tom taller than Mary?
Is Tom telling the truth?
Is Tom telling the whole truth?
Is Tom that bad?
Is Tom that good?
Is Tom that important?
Is Tom the father of Maria's daughter?
Is Tom the manager?
Is Tom the one who asked you to do that?
Is Tom the one who brought you here?
Is Tom the one who taught you how to do that?
Is Tom the one who taught you how to drive?
Is Tom the one who taught you how to sing?
Is Tom the one who told you that?
Is Tom the one who told you to do that?
Is Tom the one who took you there?
Is Tom the one with the beard?
Is Tom the one you bought this for?
Is Tom the one?
Is Tom the only one here who can speak French?
Is Tom the only one here who can't speak French?
Is Tom the only one here who doesn't have a butler?
Is Tom the only one here who doesn't have a chauffeur?
Is Tom the only one here who doesn't have a dog?
Is Tom the only one here who doesn't have a driver's license?
Is Tom the only one here who doesn't have a driving licence?
Is Tom the only one here who doesn't know how to speak French?
Is Tom the only one here who doesn't know how to swim?
Is Tom the only one here who has a dog?
Is Tom the only one here who isn't from Boston?
Is Tom the only one here who knows how to do this?
Is Tom the only one here who knows how to swim?
Is Tom the only one here who's from Boston?
Is Tom the only one who can do that?
Is Tom the only one who can't do that?
Is Tom the only one who doesn't have to do that?
Is Tom the only one who doesn't know how to do that?
Is Tom the only one who doesn't need to do that?
Is Tom the only one who doesn't want to do that?
Is Tom the only one who has to do that?
Is Tom the only one who knows how to do that?
Is Tom the only one who needs to do that?
Is Tom the only one who wants to do that?
Is Tom the only person here who can't speak French?
Is Tom the owner of that car?
Is Tom the right coach for us?
Is Tom the right man for Mary?
Is Tom the winner?
Is Tom their captive?
Is Tom there alone?
Is Tom there already?
Is Tom there with you?
Is Tom there yet?
Is Tom there, too?
Is Tom there?
Is Tom ticklish?
Is Tom tired?
Is Tom too young to play baseball?
Is Tom tough?
Is Tom traveling alone?
Is Tom trustworthy?
Is Tom trying to ruin our evening?
Is Tom unable to do it?
Is Tom unable to do that?
Is Tom unconscious?
Is Tom under arrest?
Is Tom unhappy about something?
Is Tom unhappy?
Is Tom unmarried?
Is Tom up there?
Is Tom up yet?
Is Tom up?
Is Tom upset?
Is Tom upstairs?
Is Tom usually on time?
Is Tom usually punctual?
Is Tom very close?
Is Tom very mad at me?
Is Tom very worried?
Is Tom waiting for Mary?
Is Tom waiting for me?
Is Tom waiting for us?
Is Tom watching TV?
Is Tom watching?
Is Tom wealthy?
Is Tom wearing his beard, or is Tom's beard wearing him?
Is Tom wearing the new shirt you bought for him?
Is Tom well enough to go to school today?
Is Tom well enough to work today?
Is Tom well?
Is Tom white?
Is Tom willing to do that?
Is Tom willing to help?
Is Tom winning?
Is Tom with Mary?
Is Tom with us?
Is Tom with you now?
Is Tom with you?
Is Tom working for you?
Is Tom working now?
Is Tom working today?
Is Tom working?
Is Tom worried about his grades?
Is Tom worried?
Is Tom wounded?
Is Tom young?
Is Tom younger or older than you?
Is Tom younger than Mary?
Is Tom younger than me?
Is Tom younger than you?
Is Tom your boyfriend?
Is Tom your brother?
Is Tom your cousin?
Is Tom your first or last name?
Is Tom your friend?
Is Tom your husband?
Is Tom your kid?
Is Tom your mentor?
Is Tom your name?
Is Tom your nephew?
Is Tom your only brother?
Is Tom your only son?
Is Tom your real first name?
Is Tom your real name?
Is Tom your son?
Is Tom your type?
Is Tom your uncle?
Is Tom's French any good?
Is Tom's French good?
Is Tom's biological father known?
Is Tom's car still parked behind your house?
Is Tom's cat black?
Is Tom's condition really that serious?
Is Tom's father a teacher, too?
Is Tom's house new?
Is Tom's illness serious, doctor?
Is Tom's illness serious?
Is Tom's last name Smith or Schmidt?
Is Tom's lawyer good?
Is Tom's name on the list?
Is Tom's state of health really that bad?
Is Tom's story true?
Is Tom, or is Mary going to the market?
Is Tomás still working?
Is Tony here?
Is Tony there?
Is Trump dead yet?
Is Trump fit to hold office?
Is Truss fit to govern the UK?
Is Turkey running into the arms of Russia?
Is UPnP port forwarding enabled in the router settings?
Is Ukraine a no-fly zone?
Is VAT in Hungary really that high?
Is VAT included in the price?
Is Vera celebrating Easter?
Is Warsaw cheaper than London?
Is Western culture superior to all others in the world?
Is WiFi included in that package?
Is Yana a computer programmer?
Is Yanni Muslim?
Is Yanni OK?
Is Yanni Skura's boyfriend?
Is Yanni a friend of yours?
Is Yanni back with Skura?
Is Yanni cheating on Rima?
Is Yanni coming with us?
Is Yanni dating someone else?
Is Yanni from Algiers, too?
Is Yanni from Algiers?
Is Yanni going to survive?
Is Yanni having a mental breakdown?
Is Yanni home?
Is Yanni leaving?
Is Yanni mad?
Is Yanni nearby?
Is Yanni on drugs?
Is Yanni right?
Is Yanni seeking acceptance?
Is Yanni seeking approval?
Is Yanni staying the night?
Is Yanni there?
Is Yanni trying to run Skura over?
Is Yanni with you?
Is Yanni's car nearby?
Is Yiddish a dialect of the Austro-Bavarian language?
Is Youba American too?
Is Zara your friend's shop?
Is Zelensky a homosexual?
Is Zionism above any criticism?
Is Zionism today the real enemy of the Jews?
Is Ziri Algerian?
Is Ziri Muslim?
Is Ziri Rima's boyfriend or her babysitter?
Is Ziri a feminine first name?
Is Ziri a feminine name?
Is Ziri a girly name?
Is Ziri a threat to you?
Is Ziri a troll?
Is Ziri actually a person from the future?
Is Ziri always like this?
Is Ziri an effeminate name?
Is Ziri asleep?
Is Ziri becoming one of them?
Is Ziri conversational in Berber?
Is Ziri drunk?
Is Ziri following me?
Is Ziri fun?
Is Ziri getting any better?
Is Ziri going to come back again?
Is Ziri happy?
Is Ziri keeping you up again?
Is Ziri keeping you up late again?
Is Ziri really a psychiatrist?
Is Ziri really gay?
Is Ziri safe to deal with?
Is Ziri seeing someone?
Is Ziri supposed to run or stay still?
Is Ziri's dog loud?
Is Ziri's place safe?
Is Zurich in Switzerland?
Is a Chinese invasion of Taiwan inevitable?
Is a Noldo beneath the tree?
Is a Rolls Royce cheaper than a Ford?
Is a T-shirt in the shape of a "T" or a "t"?
Is a burrito a sandwich?
Is a calzone a dumpling?
Is a cat an animal that's biologically a cat or an animal that thinks it is a cat?
Is a colonisation of Mars possible?
Is a colonization of Mars possible?
Is a common European identity possible?
Is a democratic transition possible in Algeria?
Is a dry cough a symptom of COVID?
Is a flea an insect?
Is a fly an insect?
Is a friar the same thing as a priest?
Is a good pianist hiding out somewhere on Tatoeba?
Is a hot dog a sandwich?
Is a human being mortal?
Is a lot of money trading hands in Algeria?
Is a male ant called an uncle?
Is a manatee a type of seal?
Is a meal served on this flight?
Is a natural science major better than a social science major?
Is a new mass extinction coming? Everything leads me to fear that the damned war industry is about to achieve, with its sinister nuclear arsenal, the stupid goal of extinguishing life on Earth.
Is a new world war on the horizon?
Is a peaceful transition possible in Algeria?
Is a pound of feathers lighter than a pound of lead?
Is a provost like a mayor?
Is a punishment for latecomers being considered?
Is a question still a sentence?
Is a recurrence likely?
Is a referendum planned?
Is a saline diet healthy or unhealthy?
Is a skyscraper a big thing far away or a small thing close up?
Is a storm forecast for tomorrow?
Is a storm predicted for tomorrow?
Is a teacher a man or a woman?
Is a thousand yen enough?
Is a ticket necessary?
Is a tomato a fruit or a vegetable?
Is a translator allowed to introduce a minor grammatical error in order to avoid ambiguity? Certainly, because the rule was made for man, not man for the rule.
Is a whale a mammal?
Is a wildebeest faster than a zebra?
Is access to health easy in Algeria?
Is access to the internet a human right?
Is aggression natural, or is it learned?
Is air frying as healthy as baking?
Is air travel becoming dangerous?
Is alfalfa more expensive than hay?
Is all hope lost?
Is all of that for me?
Is all of that necessary?
Is all of this for me?
Is all of this money yours?
Is all right with you?
Is all that I say to him wrong?
Is all that clear, guys?
Is all this money making its way down to the people of Algeria?
Is all this money yours?
Is all this necessary?
Is all this really necessary?
Is all this stuff stolen?
Is all your money in the bank?
Is an "instruisto" a man or a woman?
Is an invisible mirror a mirror at all?
Is an object that has had all of its components replaced still the same object?
Is animal research ethical?
Is another explanation possible?
Is another world possible?
Is any money changing hands?
Is any of it dangerous?
Is any of this real?
Is any of this really necessary?
Is any of this ringing a bell?
Is any of this stuff stolen?
Is any of this true?
Is any of this what you expected?
Is any part of our meal served with live animals?
Is anybody I know going to be there?
Is anybody afraid?
Is anybody alive here?
Is anybody awake?
Is anybody else coming?
Is anybody else in the house?
Is anybody else planning to go with us?
Is anybody else scared?
Is anybody else traveling with you today?
Is anybody ever going to read all this?
Is anybody fluent in Latin?
Is anybody going out to eat sushi now?
Is anybody going to eat this?
Is anybody going to pick Tom up?
Is anybody here interested in learning French?
Is anybody here interested in studying French?
Is anybody here willing to do that?
Is anybody here willing to work with me?
Is anybody here?
Is anybody home?
Is anybody hungry?
Is anybody hurt?
Is anybody in here?
Is anybody in on the secret of his success?
Is anybody in the classroom?
Is anybody in the house?
Is anybody in the pool?
Is anybody in the room?
Is anybody in there?
Is anybody listening?
Is anybody looking for you?
Is anybody on the line?
Is anybody out there?
Is anybody ready for dessert?
Is anybody there?
Is anybody thirsty?
Is anybody waiting for you?
Is anybody waiting in the lobby?
Is anybody waiting on you?
Is anybody watching us?
Is anybody with me?
Is anyone I know going to be there?
Is anyone absent today?
Is anyone afraid?
Is anyone alive here?
Is anyone around?
Is anyone at home?
Is anyone awake?
Is anyone coming along?
Is anyone coming besides your friends?
Is anyone eating this?
Is anyone eating this? If not, can I have it?
Is anyone else a little hungry?
Is anyone else bidding?
Is anyone else coming?
Is anyone else excited about this?
Is anyone else excited?
Is anyone else going?
Is anyone else home?
Is anyone else hungry?
Is anyone else thirsty?
Is anyone ever going to read all this?
Is anyone fluent in Latin?
Is anyone going to be meeting us?
Is anyone going to eat that?
Is anyone going to eat this crab?
Is anyone going to ever read all this?
Is anyone going to help with this?
Is anyone going to meet us?
Is anyone going to read it?
Is anyone going to translate that?
Is anyone going tomorrow?
Is anyone here a cohen?
Is anyone here a doctor?
Is anyone here a kohen?
Is anyone here from Bejaia?
Is anyone here from Catania?
Is anyone here interested in going to the supermarket with me?
Is anyone here interested in learning Arabic?
Is anyone here interested in learning Dutch?
Is anyone here interested in learning English?
Is anyone here interested in learning French?
Is anyone here interested in learning Greek?
Is anyone here interested in learning Slovenian?
Is anyone here interested in studying French?
Is anyone here proficient in Galician-Portuguese?
Is anyone here willing to do that?
Is anyone here yet?
Is anyone here?
Is anyone home?
Is anyone hungry?
Is anyone hurt?
Is anyone in here?
Is anyone in the bathroom?
Is anyone in the classroom?
Is anyone in the dressing room?
Is anyone in the house?
Is anyone in the pool?
Is anyone in the room next door?
Is anyone in the room?
Is anyone in there?
Is anyone in your family able to do that?
Is anyone in?
Is anyone inside?
Is anyone interested in learning new things?
Is anyone interested in listening to music?
Is anyone listening to me?
Is anyone listening?
Is anyone looking?
Is anyone on Twitter?
Is anyone on board?
Is anyone on the porch?
Is anyone out there with Tom?
Is anyone out there with her?
Is anyone out there with him?
Is anyone out there with you?
Is anyone out there?
Is anyone satisfied with their job?
Is anyone sitting here?
Is anyone surprised?
Is anyone there?
Is anyone thinking of going to Kos next summer holidays?
Is anyone using this?
Is anyone using this? If not, can I have it?
Is anyone waiting?
Is anyone watching telly? If not, I'll switch it off.
Is anything bothering you?
Is anything broken?
Is anything exciting happening?
Is anything happening?
Is anything in this room actually made in Algeria?
Is anything missing from your pocketbook?
Is anything missing from your wallet?
Is anything missing?
Is anything real?
Is anything safe to eat anymore?
Is anything the matter with him?
Is anything the matter?
Is anything up?
Is anything wrong?
Is artificial intelligence going to put translators our of business?
Is baseball really more popular than basketball?
Is basketball always this exciting?
Is basketball season over yet?
Is being a Muslim in America difficult?
Is being lonely a choice or a school?
Is being non-partisan a good thing?
Is being part of the LGBT community becoming a religion?
Is benzoic acid safe as a food preservative?
Is bigamy a crime in Australia?
Is biological diversity in an ecosystem good or bad?
Is bird flu also just a fake virus from the world elite as Coronavirus was?
Is black tea healthy?
Is black too gloomy a colour to wear in spring?
Is black too sombre to wear in spring?
Is borscht Ukrainian or Ashkenazi?
Is bread really fattening?
Is breakfast included in the price?
Is breakfast included?
Is breakfast more important to you than our project?
Is breakfast ready?
Is bungee jumping frightening or fun?
Is buttermilk popular in Australia?
Is caffeine bad for you?
Is cancer hereditary?
Is carnelian a flower?
Is carrot good for you?
Is catnip a drug?
Is catnip safe for kittens?
Is change always better?
Is change inevitable?
Is change the only constant?
Is chaos the natural state of existence?
Is cheap labor available in Algeria?
Is chemistry a boring subject?
Is childhood actually the most beloved age?
Is childhood actually the most beloved time?
Is chivalry dead?
Is climate change natural or caused by human action?
Is climate change really happening?
Is coffee good for you?
Is coffee more expensive than tea?
Is college worth it?
Is competition good for kids?
Is conflict inevitable?
Is conflict part of human nature?
Is conflict something that we'll endure for the rest of eternity?
Is consciousness the root of all existence?
Is containment really useful?
Is context really necessary to understand the subjunctive?
Is contributing sentences about Algeria part of a political agenda?
Is converting to Islam easy?
Is corruption continuing to thrive in Algeria?
Is corruption going on in Algeria?
Is cost the major factor?
Is cracking your knuckles bad for you?
Is crime on the increase?
Is cringe the opposite of based?
Is curiosity the key to knowledge?
Is curiosity your driving force?
Is dad in the kitchen?
Is daddy going to be arrested?
Is death the only liberation?
Is death the only possible escape?
Is death the only possible exemption?
Is death the only release?
Is death the only way out?
Is death the only way to liberation?
Is decapitation painful?
Is decolonization a real possibility now?
Is decolonization being discussed at the summit?
Is democracy everything?
Is democracy gaining strength in Algeria?
Is desertification in Algeria natural or human-made?
Is desiring for equality and opportunities for all just a dream?
Is destiny real or imagined?
Is destroying money a federal crime?
Is dinner ready yet?
Is dinner ready, Mom?
Is dinner ready?
Is distilled water drinkable?
Is doing that OK?
Is doing that as hard as it seems?
Is doing that difficult?
Is doing that illegal?
Is doing that legal?
Is doing that prohibited?
Is doing that really all that difficult?
Is doing this important to you?
Is doomsday on its way?
Is drinking orange juice every day bad for you?
Is dry food good for cats?
Is early medieval glass production a continuation of Roman glass technology?
Is eating 1,800 calories a day enough?
Is eating a clove of garlic every day beneficial to your health?
Is eating between meals really bad for your health?
Is eating cockroaches a bad idea?
Is eating egg yolks really that unhealthy?
Is eating fish as healthy now as it used to be?
Is eating fish every day bad for you?
Is eating fish good for you?
Is eating healthily more costly?
Is eating healthy more costly?
Is eating healthy more expensive?
Is eating less meat a good idea?
Is eating liver bad for you?
Is eating liver good for you?
Is eating meat morally wrong?
Is eating more than eight oranges a day bad for you?
Is eating organic food worth the money?
Is eating organic food worth what it costs?
Is eating people wrong?
Is eating pork a sin?
Is eating potatoes fattening?
Is eating raw eggs safe?
Is eating raw pork really bad for you?
Is eating raw pumpkin safe?
Is eating red meat unhealthy?
Is eating sugar really that bad for you?
Is eating too much fiber bad for you?
Is eating whale meat wrong?
Is eating with chopsticks difficult?
Is elemental mercury volatile?
Is evangelizing forbidden in Algeria?
Is every action a reflection of who we are?
Is every passenger onboard?
Is every time like the first?
Is every woman made to be a mother?
Is everybody OK?
Is everybody all right?
Is everybody busy?
Is everybody getting married?
Is everybody happy now?
Is everybody happy?
Is everybody having a good time?
Is everybody having a great time?
Is everybody here?
Is everybody hungry?
Is everybody listening?
Is everybody okay?
Is everybody on board?
Is everybody ready for the trip?
Is everybody ready to leave?
Is everybody ready?
Is everybody ready? Let's make a start.
Is everybody stark raving mad?
Is everybody's mug filled?
Is everyone OK?
Is everyone a foreigner at Tatoeba, or not?
Is everyone a forensic scientist now?
Is everyone accounted for?
Is everyone against him?
Is everyone agreeable to the plan?
Is everyone agreed?
Is everyone all right?
Is everyone alright?
Is everyone busy?
Is everyone cool here?
Is everyone corrupt in Algeria?
Is everyone else there?
Is everyone equal?
Is everyone gone then?
Is everyone happy?
Is everyone having fun?
Is everyone here with the CIA?
Is everyone here?
Is everyone hungry?
Is everyone in this place crazy?
Is everyone interested?
Is everyone out of there?
Is everyone ready for this?
Is everyone ready to leave?
Is everyone ready?
Is everyone recovering?
Is everyone safe and uninjured?
Is everyone still alive?
Is everyone still at home?
Is everyone still listening?
Is everyone the same?
Is everyone waiting?
Is everything I believed a lie?
Is everything I tell him bad?
Is everything O.K. in there?
Is everything OK at home?
Is everything OK at the office?
Is everything OK between Tom and Mary?
Is everything OK between Tom and you?
Is everything OK between us?
Is everything OK between you and Tom?
Is everything OK down there?
Is everything OK here?
Is everything OK in there?
Is everything OK now?
Is everything OK out there?
Is everything OK over there?
Is everything OK there?
Is everything OK up there?
Is everything OK with Tom?
Is everything OK with her?
Is everything OK with him?
Is everything OK with them?
Is everything OK with you?
Is everything OK with your boyfriend?
Is everything OK, Tom?
Is everything OK, Yanni?
Is everything OK, Ziri?
Is everything OK, guys?
Is everything OK?
Is everything Tom just said true?
Is everything a joke to you?
Is everything all right at home?
Is everything all right at the office?
Is everything all right between you and Tom?
Is everything all right here?
Is everything all right in there?
Is everything all right now?
Is everything all right out here?
Is everything all right up there?
Is everything all right with you?
Is everything all right with your husband?
Is everything all right, Tom?
Is everything all right?
Is everything alright at the office?
Is everything alright down here?
Is everything alright here?
Is everything alright in there?
Is everything alright?
Is everything arranged for the trip?
Is everything arranged for tomorrow?
Is everything clear now?
Is everything clear?
Is everything connected by invisible forces?
Is everything connected by unseen forces?
Is everything cool between you two?
Is everything cool?
Is everything going OK at work?
Is everything going OK with Tom?
Is everything going OK?
Is everything going according to your hopes?
Is everything going smoothly?
Is everything going to be OK?
Is everything going well with everyone?
Is everything good?
Is everything in order?
Is everything in position?
Is everything okay after yesterday's earthquake?
Is everything okay at home?
Is everything okay at the office?
Is everything okay?
Is everything packed?
Is everything predestined?
Is everything prepared?
Is everything ready for tomorrow?
Is everything ready for tonight?
Is everything ready now?
Is everything ready?
Is everything regulated?
Is everything right now?
Is everything satisfactory?
Is everything settled?
Is everything temporary or eternal?
Is everything that belongs to you in that chest?
Is everything there?
Is everything to your liking?
Is everything we experience a reflection of ourselves?
Is everything we experience a reflection of the mind?
Is everything we experience real?
Is everything where it should be?
Is everything where it's supposed to be?
Is everything you own in that chest?
Is evolution mentioned in the Quran?
Is execution by lethal injection unconstitutional?
Is existence an accident or design?
Is faith that does not act, even true faith in fact?
Is famine imminent?
Is famine looming for Morocco?
Is fast food causing an obesity epidemic? More about that after this McDonald's commercial.
Is fast food really healthy?
Is fast food really unhealthy?
Is fate predetermined?
Is fear a creation of the mind?
Is fear an illusion?
Is fig jam healthy?
Is fire flammable?
Is fishing from this bridge permitted?
Is flight 23 on time?
Is food cheap in Australia?
Is food scarce around here?
Is foreign borrowing bad manners?
Is free trade a dangerous thing for Algeria?
Is freedom a place or an idea?
Is freedom an illusion?
Is freedom still the goal of the revolution?
Is freedom the result of the revolution?
Is freedom truly achievable in this era?
Is friendship more important than love?
Is furigana available?
Is gas available in this neighborhood?
Is gas really that expensive?
Is glass a metal?
Is god an immanent or a transcendent being?
Is going to university worth it?
Is going to vote on Sunday important?
Is gold cheaper than platinum?
Is gold more expensive than platinum?
Is grey your favourite colour?
Is grumbling all you can do?
Is gum arabic edible?
Is gun ownership legal in your country?
Is hacking YouTube a crime?
Is happiness a choice?
Is happiness a fleeting moment?
Is happiness found in the journey or the destination?
Is he Algerian?
Is he American?
Is he Austrian or German?
Is he Bhutanese?
Is he Dutch?
Is he French?
Is he German?
Is he Greek or Russian?
Is he Greek?
Is he Italian?
Is he Japanese?
Is he Mahmut?
Is he Malaysian?
Is he Nepalese?
Is he OK?
Is he Russian?
Is he Tom?
Is he a French Jew?
Is he a bachelor?
Is he a bottom-feeder?
Is he a diabetic?
Is he a doctor or a patient?
Is he a doctor?
Is he a feminist?
Is he a friend of yours?
Is he a friend or an acquaintance?
Is he a friend?
Is he a good kisser?
Is he a good person?
Is he a good teacher?
Is he a hardworking student?
Is he a hipster?
Is he a magician?
Is he a man?
Is he a pirate?
Is he a real doctor? He talks so normally.
Is he a student?
Is he a taxi driver?
Is he a teacher?
Is he a traitor or a hero?
Is he able to drive?
Is he able to manage all of them?
Is he able to manage them?
Is he able to swim?
Is he able to type?
Is he about to be a father?
Is he accusing us?
Is he afraid of death?
Is he afraid of them?
Is he alive or dead? He is dead.
Is he all right?
Is he already back?
Is he alright?
Is he also here?
Is he also in her office?
Is he always angry?
Is he always like that?
Is he always like this?
Is he an American?
Is he an archeologist or just a treasure hunter?
Is he an architect?
Is he an opportunist?
Is he an uncle?
Is he any better today?
Is he anything like handsome?
Is he anything of a scholar?
Is he asleep?
Is he at home?
Is he aware of his mistakes?
Is he aware of the difficulty?
Is he back already?
Is he back yet?
Is he being serious or ironic?
Is he better today?
Is he blackmailing you?
Is he bothering you, Mary?
Is he bothering you, Rima?
Is he breathing?
Is he busy?
Is he capable?
Is he coming along?
Is he coming back?
Is he coming by train or by bus?
Is he coming here?
Is he coming home at six o'clock?
Is he coming to my place for dinner tonight?
Is he coming to the meeting next week?
Is he coming tomorrow?
Is he coming with me?
Is he coming, too?
Is he coming?
Is he completely gone mad?
Is he conscious?
Is he cooking too?
Is he correct?
Is he crying?
Is he cute?
Is he dead?
Is he diabetic?
Is he direct?
Is he doing OK?
Is he done using the telephone?
Is he done?
Is he down there?
Is he drinking coffee?
Is he drinking milk?
Is he eating something?
Is he even planning on proposing to you?
Is he expecting a date?
Is he experiencing some kind of pain?
Is he familiar with this part of the city?
Is he feeling any better?
Is he feeling better today?
Is he finished?
Is he fluent in Berber?
Is he free on Friday afternoon?
Is he free this evening?
Is he free tonight?
Is he friendly to you?
Is he from Japan?
Is he from the US?
Is he giving you trouble?
Is he going back to Italy?
Is he going out tomorrow?
Is he going to Australia to build stores?
Is he going to accompany us?
Is he going to build synagogues in Scotland?
Is he going to come with us?
Is he going to coming back?
Is he going to die?
Is he going to get locked up?
Is he going to help us?
Is he going to jail?
Is he going to make it?
Is he going to play with them?
Is he going to see the artist?
Is he going to see the cook?
Is he going to see the lawyer?
Is he going to see the policeman?
Is he going to the supermarket?
Is he graduating this year?
Is he happy now?
Is he happy?
Is he having an affair?
Is he healthy?
Is he her son or son-in-law?
Is he her son or stepson?
Is he here as well?
Is he here yet?
Is he here, too?
Is he here?
Is he hiding out of shame or guilt?
Is he his son or son-in-law?
Is he his son or stepson?
Is he hitting you?
Is he horny?
Is he hungry?
Is he idolised?
Is he idolized?
Is he ill?
Is he implicated?
Is he in Berlin?
Is he in China?
Is he in favor of the plan?
Is he in heaven?
Is he in love with you?
Is he in prison? That doesn't surprise me.
Is he in there?
Is he in trouble again?
Is he interested in me or something?
Is he interested in me?
Is he interested in the Berber language?
Is he into me?
Is he just a one-trick pony?
Is he kind to you?
Is he learning Berber?
Is he leaving or is he staying?
Is he looking at me?
Is he looking for something?
Is he looking?
Is he loved in Japan?
Is he mad that he should say such a foolish thing?
Is he married or single?
Is he married?
Is he moving away forever?
Is he my friend?
Is he my grandfather?
Is he nice to her?
Is he not a man of complete virtue, who feels no discomposure though men may take no note of him?
Is he ok?
Is he okay?
Is he old or young?
Is he older or younger than you?
Is he on top?
Is he one of them?
Is he passing stones?
Is he planning on helping us?
Is he popular?
Is he pregnant?
Is he proficient in Berber?
Is he reading a book?
Is he really as handsome as Tom?
Is he really coming?
Is he really from another dimension?
Is he really ignoring me?
Is he really into me?
Is he really that clueless?
Is he really the man you're looking for?
Is he really your persecutor, or are you just being too sensitive?
Is he reliable?
Is he repenting?
Is he right?
Is he satisfied with his daily life?
Is he satisfied?
Is he saying these things because he believes them, or because they're what his voters believe?
Is he saying what I think he's saying?
Is he seeing it?
Is he self-employed?
Is he sleeping?
Is he smoking?
Is he so foolish as to believe that?
Is he someone who is interested in a purely sexual relationship?
Is he speaking Dutch?
Is he speaking English, French, or German?
Is he still alive?
Is he still angry?
Is he still here?
Is he still ill?
Is he still in my office?
Is he still interested?
Is he still looking?
Is he still mad?
Is he still sick?
Is he still single?
Is he still sleeping?
Is he still there?
Is he studying at the moment?
Is he studying now?
Is he studying?
Is he sure?
Is he swimming?
Is he tall?
Is he taller than his brother is?
Is he taller than his brother?
Is he telling the truth?
Is he that good?
Is he the chatty one?
Is he the head of state?
Is he the head of the country?
Is he the leader of the nation?
Is he the man of your dreams?
Is he the man painted by the newspapers as an up-and-coming scholar?
Is he the manager?
Is he the one with the beard?
Is he the one?
Is he the owner of that car?
Is he the owner of this house?
Is he the president of the country?
Is he the ruler of the country?
Is he there yet?
Is he there?
Is he throwing away everything?
Is he trying to hit on me?
Is he unwilling or unable?
Is he up?
Is he using her computer?
Is he using his computer?
Is he using his own computer?
Is he watching TV?
Is he wearing a diaper?
Is he wearing one of those diapers?
Is he well, as of late?
Is he working today?
Is he working tomorrow?
Is he worried about his grades?
Is he your boyfriend?
Is he your cousin?
Is he your creation?
Is he your friend?
Is he your husband?
Is he your son?
Is he your teacher?
Is he, though?
Is health care free in Australia?
Is health care free in Germany?
Is her German good?
Is her father a doctor?
Is her father a teacher?
Is her father alive?
Is her father in the garden?
Is her hair naturally red?
Is her head red?
Is her house anywhere near the station?
Is her mother in there?
Is her mother still living?
Is her name Anna?
Is her name really Mary?
Is her novel any good?
Is her sister a candidate?
Is her story true?
Is hexane toxic?
Is his Berber good or not?
Is his German good?
Is his aunt eating an apple or a banana?
Is his company important?
Is his failure ascribable to incompetence or to bad luck?
Is his father a doctor?
Is his father a teacher?
Is his father alive?
Is his flight arriving soon?
Is his house big?
Is his job interesting?
Is his mother in there?
Is his mother still living?
Is his name Peter?
Is his name Piotr?
Is his name Tom?
Is his name really Tom?
Is his novel any good?
Is his pulse regular?
Is his short story any good?
Is his story true?
Is his wife happy in New York?
Is history repeating itself in Algeria?
Is hitchhiking prohibited in Australia?
Is honey more viscous than skin lotion?
Is hope stronger than despair?
Is humankind coming close to its end?
Is hunting armadillos legal?
Is hydrotherapy effective?
Is iPhone 7 a smartphone?
Is if safe to eat raw carrots without peeling them?
Is ignorance bliss?
Is immortality a blessing or a curse?
Is imported wine also sold?
Is imprisonment a fitting punishment for this crime?
Is infinity a real number?
Is inflation a problem now?
Is inflation spiraling out of control in Algeria?
Is instability in Libya a significant threat to Algeria?
Is it "God" or "god"?
Is it "emotional blackmail" to say that people with depression would kill ourselves at a much higher rate if our medicine were taken from us by the state? Or is it just an empirical observation of the relative effectiveness of antidepressants?
Is it Berber or Arabic?
Is it Carnival already?
Is it Christmas again already?
Is it French?
Is it Friday?
Is it God that we trust in, or our conviction that we are righteous?
Is it God who punishes or rewards, or Fate?
Is it Halloween already?
Is it January already?
Is it Japanese food?
Is it June already?
Is it Monday already?
Is it Monday today?
Is it Monday?
Is it OK for a journalist based in Canberra, Australia, to criticize Saudi Arabia?
Is it OK for dogs to eat chicken bones?
Is it OK for dogs to eat strawberries?
Is it OK for girls to ask boys out on dates?
Is it OK for me to come in now?
Is it OK for me to feel this way?
Is it OK for me to remove my wedding ring and go to a dating party when I have a pregnant wife?
Is it OK for some kid to show you up?
Is it OK if I ask Tom to help me?
Is it OK if I ask another question?
Is it OK if I ask you a few medical questions?
Is it OK if I ask you a few questions about your medical history?
Is it OK if I borrow these books?
Is it OK if I borrow these?
Is it OK if I borrow this dictionary?
Is it OK if I borrow your telephone?
Is it OK if I bring a guest?
Is it OK if I call you Tom?
Is it OK if I call you by your first name?
Is it OK if I change the channel?
Is it OK if I close the door?
Is it OK if I come in?
Is it OK if I come inside the mosque?
Is it OK if I come tomorrow, too?
Is it OK if I come, too?
Is it OK if I come?
Is it OK if I do that tomorrow?
Is it OK if I do that?
Is it OK if I don't come here tomorrow?
Is it OK if I don't come in?
Is it OK if I don't do that tomorrow?
Is it OK if I don't do that?
Is it OK if I don't do this?
Is it OK if I don't eat this?
Is it OK if I don't go with you?
Is it OK if I don't show up?
Is it OK if I don't stay?
Is it OK if I drink alcohol?
Is it OK if I drink all of this?
Is it OK if I eat one of the apples on the table?
Is it OK if I eat one of these apples?
Is it OK if I eat the eggs?
Is it OK if I eat this bread?
Is it OK if I eat this hamburger?
Is it OK if I eat this?
Is it OK if I go for a walk?
Is it OK if I go home now?
Is it OK if I go in jeans?
Is it OK if I go out for a walk?
Is it OK if I go out with Tom?
Is it OK if I go out with her?
Is it OK if I go out with him?
Is it OK if I go outside and play?
Is it OK if I go outside?
Is it OK if I go over to Tom's house to play?
Is it OK if I go swimming?
Is it OK if I go, too?
Is it OK if I go?
Is it OK if I help Tom do that?
Is it OK if I hold your hand?
Is it OK if I hug you?
Is it OK if I invite Tom to your party?
Is it OK if I just sit here for a while?
Is it OK if I kiss you again?
Is it OK if I kiss you?
Is it OK if I kiss your wife?
Is it OK if I leave early today?
Is it OK if I leave early?
Is it OK if I leave my homework here?
Is it OK if I leave my suitcases here for a while?
Is it OK if I light up a J?
Is it OK if I married an Arab girl?
Is it OK if I open a can?
Is it OK if I open the curtain?
Is it OK if I park here?
Is it OK if I park my scooter here?
Is it OK if I pay by check?
Is it OK if I put this here?
Is it OK if I put this over there?
Is it OK if I say it in French?
Is it OK if I sit here?
Is it OK if I smoke?
Is it OK if I speak French?
Is it OK if I speak with you?
Is it OK if I spend the night over at a friend's house?
Is it OK if I start?
Is it OK if I stay a little longer?
Is it OK if I stay here for a while?
Is it OK if I stay here?
Is it OK if I stay home tomorrow?
Is it OK if I stay in Australia for another week?
Is it OK if I stay in Boston for another week?
Is it OK if I stay in the car?
Is it OK if I take a break?
Is it OK if I take a look around?
Is it OK if I take pictures?
Is it OK if I tell Tom about it?
Is it OK if I touch this?
Is it OK if I turn off the light?
Is it OK if I turn on the lights?
Is it OK if I turn the TV down?
Is it OK if I turn the lights on?
Is it OK if I use that?
Is it OK if I use your car today?
Is it OK if I use your phone?
Is it OK if she marries him?
Is it OK if we begin?
Is it OK if we change the subject?
Is it OK if we do this later?
Is it OK if we don't go to Costco this time?
Is it OK if we smoke here?
Is it OK if we swim here?
Is it OK if we take photographs here?
Is it OK if we use calculators?
Is it OK is I eat this orange?
Is it OK not do that?
Is it OK not to do that?
Is it OK not to eat this?
Is it OK not to wait?
Is it OK to burn plastic?
Is it OK to call you tonight?
Is it OK to come again tomorrow?
Is it OK to come tomorrow, too?
Is it OK to criticize Saudi Arabia in Oslo or should we call the Norwegian ministry of foreign affairs to apply for some sort of authorization to do so?
Is it OK to criticize Saudi Arabia?
Is it OK to do that here?
Is it OK to do this?
Is it OK to drink alcoholic drinks in this park?
Is it OK to drink beer on your university campus?
Is it OK to drink while you're pregnant?
Is it OK to eat figs every day?
Is it OK to eat here?
Is it OK to eat moldy bread?
Is it OK to eat this raw?
Is it OK to feed bananas to dogs?
Is it OK to feed dogs bananas?
Is it OK to feed my dog lettuce?
Is it OK to feed my dog the same thing I feed my cat?
Is it OK to feed my dog the same thing that I feed my cat?
Is it OK to film inside the shop?
Is it OK to fish from this bridge?
Is it OK to freeze cheese?
Is it OK to go home now?
Is it OK to hug you?
Is it OK to hug?
Is it OK to kiss your cat when you have COVID?
Is it OK to lick your knife?
Is it OK to love Arabs?
Is it OK to machine-wash a fur coat?
Is it OK to open the window now?
Is it OK to park here?
Is it OK to pay in cash?
Is it OK to say no?
Is it OK to sing here?
Is it OK to sit here?
Is it OK to smoke around here?
Is it OK to smoke here?
Is it OK to spank kids?
Is it OK to speak French here?
Is it OK to switch to French?
Is it OK to take food on the plane?
Is it OK to take pictures here?
Is it OK to talk to Tom first?
Is it OK to talk to her first?
Is it OK to talk to him first?
Is it OK to talk to them first?
Is it OK to talk to you first?
Is it OK to trust Tom?
Is it OK to use this?
Is it OK to you?
Is it OK with you if I do that?
Is it OK with you if I don't do that?
Is it OK with you if Tom and Mary do that?
Is it OK with you if Tom does that?
Is it OK with you?
Is it OK?
Is it October already?
Is it Seán that's working?
Is it Stephanie?
Is it Sunday?
Is it Thursday?
Is it Tom's and my turn?
Is it Tom's birthday tomorrow?
Is it Tom's turn, or mine?
Is it Tom's?
Is it Tom?
Is it Tuesday already?
Is it X or is it Twitter?
Is it a Christian holiday?
Is it a French wine?
Is it a bad idea to eat cockroaches?
Is it a bear?
Is it a big deal?
Is it a big deal? No. But it gets my goat, nonetheless.
Is it a big problem?
Is it a bird?
Is it a bit lighter or a bit heavier?
Is it a bomb?
Is it a boy or a girl?
Is it a butterfly or a moth?
Is it a cat or a dog?
Is it a chair?
Is it a city or a country?
Is it a coincidence?
Is it a compliment or an insult?
Is it a compliment?
Is it a cow?
Is it a coyote?
Is it a crime to burn the American flag in the United States?
Is it a crime to do that?
Is it a crime to encourage someone to commit suicide?
Is it a crime to love someone?
Is it a curse word?
Is it a curse?
Is it a date?
Is it a deal?
Is it a deer?
Is it a democracy?
Is it a direct flight?
Is it a direct route?
Is it a disgrace to be divorced with children?
Is it a fake?
Is it a form of lunacy to believe that the moon landings were fake?
Is it a fox?
Is it a general custom in your country?
Is it a girl cat or a boy cat?
Is it a girl or a boy?
Is it a good change?
Is it a good idea to hire former hackers to work as security professionals?
Is it a good investment?
Is it a good material?
Is it a good play?
Is it a good sentence?
Is it a good source of potassium?
Is it a good source of protein?
Is it a good time to buy tech stocks?
Is it a holiday you're going on to New Zealand?
Is it a horse?
Is it a house centipede?
Is it a hypothesis?
Is it a joke?
Is it a little boy or a little girl?
Is it a little girl to whom I am speaking? Or, a grandma?
Is it a little windy?
Is it a llama?
Is it a long distance?
Is it a long way to Tallinn?
Is it a long way?
Is it a male or a female?
Is it a man-eater?
Is it a military secret or something?
Is it a new Kabyle dress?
Is it a new TV?
Is it a new kind?
Is it a nice place?
Is it a phenomenon, or a noumenon?
Is it a pipe dream?
Is it a planet with only women?
Is it a poison?
Is it a present for Mary?
Is it a present for Tom?
Is it a problem?
Is it a progress if a cannibal is using a knife and fork?
Is it a queer bar?
Is it a real hook?
Is it a real tattoo?
Is it a real tree?
Is it a recent picture?
Is it a river?
Is it a secret or something?
Is it a secret?
Is it a serious issue or just a minor problem?
Is it a simulation?
Is it a slow train?
Is it a social problem?
Is it a son or a daughter?
Is it a sour or sweet cherry?
Is it a state?
Is it a swear word?
Is it a taboo to talk about Palestine today?
Is it a threat?
Is it a trap of some kind?
Is it a trap?
Is it a vegetarian restaurant?
Is it a very serious problem?
Is it a vixen?
Is it a weapon?
Is it a wolf?
Is it a yes or a no?
Is it about ten million yen?
Is it about ten o'clock?
Is it about ten o’clock?
Is it absolutely necessary for me to do that?
Is it absolutely necessary to do that?
Is it absolutely necessary?
Is it acceptable to be late for meetings in your country?
Is it accessible?
Is it acidic?
Is it acne?
Is it actually cheap?
Is it all gone?
Is it all necessary?
Is it all over?
Is it all paid for?
Is it all resolved now?
Is it all right between us?
Is it all right if I ask Tom to help me?
Is it all right if I call you Tom?
Is it all right if I come at six?
Is it all right if I come in?
Is it all right if I come visit tomorrow?
Is it all right if I come?
Is it all right if I do this?
Is it all right if I don't come here tomorrow?
Is it all right if I go home now?
Is it all right if I go to Australia with Tom next month?
Is it all right if I go to Boston with Tom next weekend?
Is it all right if I go to bed in a bit?
Is it all right if I go?
Is it all right if I help Tom do that?
Is it all right if I kiss you again?
Is it all right if I leave early this afternoon?
Is it all right if I open a tin?
Is it all right if I open the curtains?
Is it all right if I park here?
Is it all right if I pay by check?
Is it all right if I put this here?
Is it all right if I stay a little longer?
Is it all right if I stay in the car?
Is it all right if I take pictures?
Is it all right if we smoke here?
Is it all right not to do that right now?
Is it all right to do that now?
Is it all right to do that?
Is it all right to eat now?
Is it all right to eat out tonight?
Is it all right to go?
Is it all right to take pictures in this building?
Is it all right to use a flash here?
Is it all right with you if I come at six pm?
Is it all right?
Is it all terrible?
Is it all that's there?
Is it all there?
Is it all under control?
Is it all wrong?
Is it allowed here to talk about love?
Is it almost time for dinner?
Is it already Monday?
Is it already Saturday?
Is it already dark where you are? It's still daylight here.
Is it already five o'clock?! How time flies!
Is it already open?
Is it already over?
Is it already so late?
Is it alright if I do this kind of thing?
Is it alright if I don't consult?
Is it alright if I take a minute?
Is it always a sin to tell a lie?
Is it always better to tell the truth?
Is it always cold like this?
Is it always going to be free?
Is it always good to know the truth?
Is it always good to tell the truth?
Is it always good when you tell the truth?
Is it always hot like this?
Is it always like this?
Is it always so awful in April?
Is it always so cold here?
Is it always so cold?
Is it always so crowded here?
Is it always so hot here?
Is it always this cold here?
Is it always this cold?
Is it always this crowded here?
Is it always this hot here in the summer?
Is it always this hot here?
Is it always this way?
Is it always wrong to take a human life?
Is it an Apple?
Is it an action film?
Is it an action movie?
Is it an animal? Is it a plant? Is it a mineral? Is it a thing? Is it something immaterial?
Is it an apple?
Is it an elk?
Is it an emergency?
Is it an illusion?
Is it an important job?
Is it an island or a peninsula?
Is it an obsession?
Is it any better where you are?
Is it any different than yours?
Is it any good?
Is it any of your business what someone's hobby is?
Is it any of your business what someone’s hobby is?
Is it any warmer inside?
Is it any wonder I don't trust you?
Is it any wonder that he failed in the examination?
Is it anything like mine?
Is it anything serious, doctor?
Is it anything serious?
Is it as bad as it seems?
Is it as bad as that?
Is it at this time you're playing music? It's too late! Think of the neighbours!
Is it attested?
Is it bad for my hair?
Is it bad that I like this?
Is it bad that I'm not tired after not sleeping for 30 hours?
Is it bad to eat more than three bananas a day?
Is it bad?
Is it baked?
Is it barking a lot?
Is it based on true events?
Is it be OK not do that?
Is it because I'm Jewish?
Is it because he's blond?
Is it because of the red shirt?
Is it better for me to stay silent rather than tell the truth?
Is it better now?
Is it better than the original?
Is it better to be good and on time or perfect and late with your work?
Is it better to have a bath or shower after surgery?
Is it better to sell?
Is it better to study alone or with others?
Is it better to translate directly or naturally?
Is it better to use an expensive computer for a long time or to replace a cheap computer frequently?
Is it better to write sentences in first-person or third-person?
Is it big?
Is it black?
Is it bland or not?
Is it blue?
Is it bothering you?
Is it broken?
Is it business as usual?
Is it cancer?
Is it certain that he will come tomorrow?
Is it certain that he will help us?
Is it charging?
Is it cheap?
Is it cheaper to call after 9:00?
Is it cheaper to call after nine?
Is it clean?
Is it clear now?
Is it clear to you that that can be dangerous?
Is it clear?
Is it close enough to walk there?
Is it close or far away from you?
Is it close to the capital?
Is it closed?
Is it cloudy?
Is it cold in Boston now?
Is it cold in Boston?
Is it cold in Germany?
Is it cold in your country?
Is it cold in your room?
Is it cold now in Boston?
Is it cold outside?
Is it cold today?
Is it cold today? — No, it isn't.
Is it cold where I'm going, too?
Is it cold where we're going to?
Is it cold where you're going?
Is it cold?
Is it colder in Boston than in Chicago?
Is it comfortable like this?
Is it comfortable to travel by ship?
Is it complete yet?
Is it complete?
Is it complicated?
Is it comprehensive?
Is it considered rude to slurp noodles?
Is it contagious?
Is it convenient for you if I come at 2:30?
Is it convenient for you if I come at 5 p.m.?
Is it convenient for you if I come at 6 p.m.?
Is it convenient for you?
Is it correct that you can eat as many fruits and vegetables as you want without getting fat?
Is it correct to say it like this?
Is it correct to say that the Qur'an is the bible of the Muslims?
Is it correct to say that the Qur’an is the bible of the Muslims?
Is it cost-effective for European companies to do their manufacturing in Algeria?
Is it cost-effective to move European businesses to Algeria?
Is it costlier to eat healthily?
Is it credible?
Is it cruel to declaw your cat?
Is it damaged?
Is it dangerous if I do that?
Is it dangerous to do that here?
Is it dangerous to eat raw eggs?
Is it dangerous to go out for walks at night?
Is it dangerous to take a subway alone?
Is it dangerous to travel alone on the U-Bahn?
Is it dangerous when a melanoma has spread?
Is it dangerous?
Is it dark outside?
Is it dead yet?
Is it dearer to eat healthily?
Is it deep here?
Is it different for you?
Is it different this time?
Is it difficult eating with chopsticks?
Is it difficult for you to say thank you?
Is it difficult for you?
Is it difficult to act according to Buddhist principles?
Is it difficult to climb stairs?
Is it difficult to concentrate?
Is it difficult to do that?
Is it difficult to eat with chopsticks?
Is it difficult to grow date palms?
Is it difficult to learn Chinese?
Is it difficult to learn French?
Is it difficult to learn Greek?
Is it difficult to learn Mandarin?
Is it difficult to milk a goat?
Is it difficult to speak English?
Is it difficult to speak French?
Is it difficult to start a company in Algeria?
Is it difficult work?
Is it difficult?
Is it dinner already?
Is it direct?
Is it dirty?
Is it doable?
Is it done?
Is it drinking water?
Is it easier for animals to learn human languages, or for humans to learn animal languages?
Is it easier for you to translate or to write original sentences?
Is it easier to hate or to love?
Is it easier to love or hate someone?
Is it easier to love or to hate someone?
Is it easier to set up a company in Algeria?
Is it easier to start a company in Algeria?
Is it easy for Algerians to start their own businesses?
Is it easy for me to solve this problem?
Is it easy for you?
Is it easy to adjust to life on Mars?
Is it easy to deal with?
Is it easy to do business in Algeria?
Is it easy to do that?
Is it easy to establish a company in Algeria?
Is it easy to get credit in Algeria?
Is it easy to get from Leeds to Manchester by public transport?
Is it easy to get there?
Is it easy to install?
Is it easy to learn French?
Is it easy to learn to speak Esperanto?
Is it easy to learn to speak French?
Is it easy to make cherry juice?
Is it easy to pay for your home in Algeria?
Is it easy to sell cosmetics?
Is it easy to set up a business in Algeria?
Is it easy to set up a company in Algeria?
Is it easy to start a company in Algeria?
Is it easy to understand?
Is it economical?
Is it edible?
Is it egoistic to love?
Is it enough for you?
Is it enough?
Is it entirely over?
Is it ethical to clone humans?
Is it ethical to give him the interview questions in advance?
Is it even possible to be truly logical?
Is it even possible to continue?
Is it even possible?
Is it ever morally permissible to lie?
Is it exactly 8:30?
Is it excessive to say that an excessive sentence is excessive?
Is it exciting?
Is it expensive to build infrastructure in Algeria?
Is it expensive to do that?
Is it expensive to fix a cracked windshield?
Is it expensive to travel to Japan?
Is it expensive?
Is it factual to say that arrogant people are thin?
Is it fair to all parties?
Is it fair?
Is it fake?
Is it far away?
Is it far from here to Boston?
Is it far from here to the station?
Is it far from here?
Is it far from your place?
Is it far to Tallinn?
Is it far to town?
Is it far?
Is it fatal?
Is it feasible?
Is it feeling sore here?
Is it fifth period?
Is it fine gold?
Is it fine if I explain in English? Anyone who wouldn't be comfortable with English, please raise your hand.
Is it fine if I write a letter to Tom? What do you think?
Is it fine to change the tense of a word or some other grammar aspect when translating if it means it'll sound more natural?
Is it finished?
Is it five already?
Is it flammable?
Is it foggy now in Boston?
Is it foggy?
Is it football season yet?
Is it for free?
Is it for here?
Is it for me?
Is it for us?
Is it forbidden to talk about the Palestinians, too?
Is it free and open source?
Is it free of charge?
Is it free?
Is it fresh snow?
Is it freshly fallen snow?
Is it from here, or from there?
Is it full moon tonight?
Is it fun to do that?
Is it genuine?
Is it getting any easier?
Is it getting better or worse?
Is it getting bigger?
Is it getting cold outside?
Is it getting warm in here?
Is it getting worse?
Is it gluten-free?
Is it going to be OK?
Is it going to be a dry day tomorrow?
Is it going to be bad?
Is it going to be dry tomorrow?
Is it going to be painful?
Is it going to be ready soonish?
Is it going to be scary?
Is it going to be tough?
Is it going to change anything?
Is it going to happen again?
Is it going to happen?
Is it going to help her?
Is it going to hurt?
Is it going to rain today?
Is it going to rain tomorrow?
Is it going to rain?
Is it going to snow more this year than last?
Is it going to snow soon?
Is it going to snow tonight?
Is it going to snow?
Is it going to take extra time?
Is it going well?
Is it good news?
Is it good or bad?
Is it good or not?
Is it good to do business in Algeria?
Is it good?
Is it happening again?
Is it happening right now?
Is it happening?
Is it hard being a goalie?
Is it hard for you to do this?
Is it hard to be a vegetarian?
Is it hard to be vegan?
Is it hard to climb a palm tree?
Is it hard to eat with chopsticks?
Is it hard to find a part-time job?
Is it hard to fool you?
Is it hard to learn Esperanto?
Is it hard to learn French?
Is it hard to learn German?
Is it hard to learn Greek?
Is it hard to learn a new language?
Is it hard to milk a goat?
Is it hard to speak English?
Is it hard to speak French?
Is it hard?
Is it harder to forgive or to forget?
Is it hazardous?
Is it healthy for the kidneys to work all the time, or should they rest? Are you preventing your kidneys from replenishing themselves by drinking salt water all the time? The same goes for blood vessels. Isn't drinking salty water all day and raising blood pressure preventing the body from regenerating and resting?
Is it heaven or hell for me?
Is it helping?
Is it her book?
Is it here that the bus stops?
Is it here yet?
Is it here?
Is it high?
Is it him?
Is it his birthday today?
Is it his book?
Is it his stuff?
Is it hopeless or am I just depressed?
Is it hot enough for you?
Is it hot enough to go swimming?
Is it hot in Boston now?
Is it hot in Boston?
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Is it hot now in Boston?
Is it hot outside?
Is it hot over there?
Is it hot there?
Is it hot today?
Is it hot?
Is it hotter in Boston than in Chicago?
Is it humid now in Boston?
Is it illegal to enter a cemetery at night in Algeria?
Is it impolite to shake hands with gloves on?
Is it important for you to always have a goal?
Is it important information?
Is it important that a price feels like a bargain?
Is it important to you that the sentences all make sense?
Is it important?
Is it impossible or just difficult?
Is it impossible or just hard?
Is it impossible to build a city in one day?
Is it impossible to live to be 150?
Is it in Australia?
Is it in Hebrew or Aramaic?
Is it in SWANA?
Is it in stock?
Is it in the public domain?
Is it in the room?
Is it in the sky?
Is it in there?
Is it in this room?
Is it in this street?
Is it in working order?
Is it included in the price?
Is it inclusive or exclusive?
Is it intact?
Is it interesting to do business in Algeria?
Is it just a fad?
Is it just a matter of timing?
Is it just a waste of time?
Is it just eight-thirty?
Is it just me or does he look a bit like Obama?
Is it just me or is everybody else cold, too?
Is it just me or is he completely crazy?
Is it just me or is it hot in here?
Is it just me or is there a cat there?
Is it just me, or are you avoiding me?
Is it just me, or did Tom shrink?
Is it just me, or do we have a connection?
Is it just me, or does it smell bad in here?
Is it just me, or does it stink in here?
Is it just me, or is Tatoeba extremely slow today?
Is it just me, or is everyone here cold?
Is it just me, or is there a bad smell here?
Is it just me?
Is it just me? Or do you concur?
Is it just the three of us?
Is it just?
Is it large enough?
Is it lawful to conscript such young men against their will?
Is it leather?
Is it legal for me to dig a moat around my house?
Is it legal to build this wall of separation?
Is it legal to do that in Australia?
Is it legal to hunt kangaroos in Australia?
Is it legal to hunt kangaroos in Austria?
Is it legal to possess a hedgehog as a pet in our country?
Is it legal to recreationally hunt kangaroos in Austria?
Is it legal?
Is it leopard?
Is it like "Dirty Harry"?
Is it like inciting self-destruction?
Is it like you remembered it?
Is it likely they will cancel the event?
Is it linguini or linguine?
Is it louder on the left or the right?
Is it love?
Is it luck or a result of persistent work?
Is it lunchtime already?
Is it made of copper?
Is it made of iron?
Is it made of wood or metal?
Is it malignant?
Is it mandatory for us to wear these ridiculous ties?
Is it mandatory?
Is it me who you're waiting for?
Is it me who you've been waiting for?
Is it me you're asking?
Is it me you're looking for?
Is it me you're talking about?
Is it me, or does it reek in here?
Is it meant to snow tonight?
Is it mere coincidence that "banality", when anagrammed, reads "Ban Italy"?
Is it mine or yours?
Is it money that you want?
Is it money you need?
Is it money you want?
Is it morally wrong to eat meat?
Is it morally wrong to eat the meat from some animals, but not other animals?
Is it more difficult for English speakers to pronounce the German word for squirrel, or for German speakers to pronounce the English one?
Is it more effective to take showers or baths?
Is it more expensive to call in the morning?
Is it more expensive to eat healthily?
Is it more fun being a child or an adult?
Is it more idiomatic if I say it like this?
Is it more important to correctly express something, or to be able to express more, albeit incorrectly?
Is it morning already?
Is it movable?
Is it much easier to use?
Is it my fault?
Is it my imagination, or are you avoiding me?
Is it my phone that is ringing?
Is it my responsibility?
Is it my turn now?
Is it my turn to cut my hair?
Is it my turn to pay?
Is it my turn?
Is it near here?
Is it near his house?
Is it near your house?
Is it nearby?
Is it necessary for Mary to do that by herself?
Is it necessary for Mary to go by herself?
Is it necessary for Mary to go there by herself?
Is it necessary for Tom and Mary to do that by themselves?
Is it necessary for Tom and Mary to go by themselves?
Is it necessary for Tom and Mary to go there by themselves?
Is it necessary for Tom to do that by himself?
Is it necessary for Tom to do that?
Is it necessary for Tom to go by himself?
Is it necessary for Tom to go there by himself?
Is it necessary for all of us to be there?
Is it necessary for all of us to do that?
Is it necessary for me to answer this letter?
Is it necessary for me to attend the party?
Is it necessary for me to do that?
Is it necessary for me to explain the reason to him?
Is it necessary for me to read this?
Is it necessary for us to do that today?
Is it necessary for us to do that?
Is it necessary for us to go?
Is it necessary for you to do that now?
Is it necessary for you to do that today?
Is it necessary for you to drink red wine?
Is it necessary that you drink red wine?
Is it necessary to change trains along the way?
Is it necessary to drink water every day?
Is it necessary to expand human knowledge with space exploration?
Is it necessary to have a god?
Is it necessary to live in a French-speaking country to become fluent in French?
Is it necessary to live in an English-speaking country in order to become fluent in English?
Is it necessary to make a reservation?
Is it necessary to make so much noise?
Is it necessary?
Is it new?
Is it next Monday that Tom and Mary return?
Is it next Monday that Tom returns?
Is it next Monday that you're going to do that?
Is it next Monday you're going to do that?
Is it next to impossible to live to be 150?
Is it next to the door?
Is it next week that you're going to do that?
Is it next week you're going to do that?
Is it nice?
Is it normal for male teachers to make eyes at female students?
Is it normal if I don't like to step on lines?
Is it normal that I haven't slept in three days?
Is it normal that many young people these days idolize pretty boy stars?
Is it normal to be constantly doubting yourself?
Is it normal to be scared?
Is it normal to have a curved penis?
Is it normal to have arguments in a relationship?
Is it normal?
Is it not a bit extreme?
Is it not appalling?
Is it not black?
Is it not clear enough?
Is it not clear why you didn't pick up the car?
Is it not concerning the way the markets jitter about these days?
Is it not dark in the rain?
Is it not delightful to have friends coming from distant quarters?
Is it not good?
Is it not love that builds, connects, and creates in the same manner as hate destroys?
Is it not pleasant to learn with a constant perseverance and application?
Is it not the case that un-oxidized PUFAs (poly-unsaturated fatty acids) may oxidize inside our body's cells and thus incur damage?
Is it obligatory to rent a car?
Is it obligatory?
Is it obvious I really don't care?
Is it ok if I ask something maybe a little rude?
Is it ok if I help you?
Is it ok if I ride?
Is it ok if we buy a little ice cream?
Is it ok if you wait just a little while?
Is it ok to bleach hair during pregnancy?
Is it okay if I ask you a few medical questions?
Is it okay if I ask you a few questions about your medical history?
Is it okay if I ask you a question?
Is it okay if I borrow these books?
Is it okay if I don't show up?
Is it okay if I go for a walk?
Is it okay if I lie down?
Is it okay if I open the curtain?
Is it okay if I sit here?
Is it okay if I spend the night over at a friend's house?
Is it okay if I take a break?
Is it okay if I take a look around the castle?
Is it okay if I take a look around the house?
Is it okay if I take a look around?
Is it okay if I use your car today?
Is it okay if I use your phone?
Is it okay if we don't go to Costco this time?
Is it okay to come tomorrow too?
Is it okay to trust Tom?
Is it okay to use this?
Is it okay with you if I leave early today?
Is it okay with you?
Is it okay, for just a moment?
Is it on the bedside table?
Is it on the map?
Is it on this side of the street?
Is it one word or two?
Is it only about money?
Is it only eight-thirty?
Is it only the man who inherits from the parents' legacy?
Is it open on Sunday?
Is it open on Sundays?
Is it open round the clock?
Is it open to beginners?
Is it open yet?
Is it open?
Is it operation with using anesthesia?
Is it orange?
Is it ours?
Is it out?
Is it over already?
Is it over there?
Is it over yet?
Is it over?
Is it painful to move like this?
Is it painful?
Is it permissible to kill pests such as cockroaches and termites?
Is it pleasing to you?
Is it poisonous?
Is it popular?
Is it possible I actually have a chance with Tom?
Is it possible I also know this lovely person you're speaking of?
Is it possible I'll actually get a chance to do that?
Is it possible I'm not wrong?
Is it possible I'm wrong?
Is it possible Tom could have done it?
Is it possible Tom could have done that?
Is it possible Tom could've done it?
Is it possible Tom could've done that?
Is it possible Tom didn't know?
Is it possible for Europe to find new gas suppliers before the beginning of winter?
Is it possible for a South Korean to visit North Korea?
Is it possible for a non-native English speaker to sound completely native?
Is it possible for me to raise the animal?
Is it possible for someone who is not au fait with Hungarian to understand this play on words if it is explained to them?
Is it possible for the system to send me a notification when a translation is added to one of my sentences?
Is it possible for you to come to the office an hour earlier than usual tomorrow?
Is it possible for you to come, too?
Is it possible for you to come?
Is it possible that I'll actually get a chance to do that?
Is it possible that I'm wrong?
Is it possible that King Albert has a secret relationship with Princess Diana? I don't believe so. He's too fat.
Is it possible that King Albert has a secret relationship with Princess Diana? I don’t believe so. He’s too fat.
Is it possible that Ziri was assassinated?
Is it possible that a 22 year old girl never had erotic dreams?
Is it possible that a Hungarian sea has ever existed?
Is it possible that all three timelines are canon?
Is it possible that an enormous underground city exists, as yet undiscovered by anyone?
Is it possible that he has had a hand in the affair?
Is it possible that it's already eight o'clock?
Is it possible that my internet banking account has been hacked?
Is it possible that she lost the document?
Is it possible that that'll happen?
Is it possible that the report is right?
Is it possible that there exists an enormous underground city, as yet undiscovered by anyone?
Is it possible that there is something wrong with me?
Is it possible that we could have been followed?
Is it possible that we could've been followed?
Is it possible that you're wrong?
Is it possible that'll happen?
Is it possible to acquire the bestseller in the bookstore in Akita?
Is it possible to address today's problems?
Is it possible to be both happy and sad at the same time?
Is it possible to be here a little longer?
Is it possible to be sincere without seeming arrogant?
Is it possible to believe that subatomic particles, as well as the very peculiar forces that lead them to combine to generate matter, are not the work of a Supernatural Intelligence?
Is it possible to believe?
Is it possible to borrow money?
Is it possible to buy inhalers without a doctor's prescription?
Is it possible to buy inhalers without a prescription?
Is it possible to buy potatoes here?
Is it possible to buy something to eat on the train?
Is it possible to buy the book at the bookstore in Akita?
Is it possible to change fate?
Is it possible to colonize Mars?
Is it possible to completely forget your native language?
Is it possible to cross this bridge?
Is it possible to cry underwater?
Is it possible to define the colour red by pointing to an apple?
Is it possible to determine the diameter from the circumference?
Is it possible to die of laughter?
Is it possible to do poetry in Toki Pona? Certainly. Poetry is in the simplest things.
Is it possible to do that?
Is it possible to drink salt water?
Is it possible to drink too much tea?
Is it possible to drive in Australia with a Canadian driver's license, or do I need to get an international driver's license?
Is it possible to drown in a bathtub?
Is it possible to encrypt data on this celphone?
Is it possible to experience love right away?
Is it possible to explain a color to a blind person?
Is it possible to explain color to a blind person?
Is it possible to forget your native language?
Is it possible to get advice?
Is it possible to get downtown by bus?
Is it possible to get on the next flight?
Is it possible to get there on foot?
Is it possible to get to Australia by boat?
Is it possible to get to Boston by train?
Is it possible to go there walking?
Is it possible to have sex without feeling love?
Is it possible to help Tom?
Is it possible to indicate a date on which a language came into life? "What a question!" you will be inclined to say. And yet such a date exists: the 26th of July, the Day of Esperanto. On this day in 1887 appeared in Warsaw a booklet by Ludwik Lejzer Zamenhof about the "International Language".
Is it possible to kill a ghost?
Is it possible to know everything?
Is it possible to know what happened to you?
Is it possible to land a plane on this island?
Is it possible to learn French online?
Is it possible to learn German by yourself?
Is it possible to learn Japanese only through example sentences?
Is it possible to live together and yet still be alone?
Is it possible to live without a lover?
Is it possible to live without regret?
Is it possible to lock the doors of the meeting room?
Is it possible to love someone but not like them?
Is it possible to love without trust?
Is it possible to meet at 10.30 a.m.?
Is it possible to meet at 2:30?
Is it possible to pass the tax accountant exam by self study?
Is it possible to play mikado with cooked spaghetti?
Is it possible to recover a file deleted from the bin?
Is it possible to rent equipment?
Is it possible to repair the washing machine?
Is it possible to reprint this article?
Is it possible to reproduce 70 copies of your report which appeared in the November issue of The Network and distribute them to our agents?
Is it possible to reserve a room at your hotel?
Is it possible to reserve a table at Chuck's Diner?
Is it possible to see Mt. Fuji from here?
Is it possible to see Venus tonight?
Is it possible to send mourning clothes to the cleaner?
Is it possible to solve all the problems in Africa?
Is it possible to stay here a little longer?
Is it possible to succeed without any act of betrayal?
Is it possible to take a shuttle bus from the airport to the hotel?
Is it possible to talk now?
Is it possible to tame a crocodile?
Is it possible to tell from their appearance whether potatoes have been grown organically?
Is it possible to tell funny stories in Lojban?
Is it possible to tell if potatoes have been grown organically from the way they look?
Is it possible to terraform Venus?
Is it possible to travel at such a high speed?
Is it possible to travel with little money?
Is it possible to turn back time?
Is it possible to walk on crutches with two broken legs?
Is it possible to write a dictionary in icelandic?
Is it possible to write a sister in turkish?
Is it possible we've made a mistake?
Is it possible you're wrong about that?
Is it possible?
Is it preferable that I keep quiet instead of revealing the truth?
Is it private?
Is it progress if a cannibal uses a knife and fork?
Is it proper for a man to give a woman a peck on the cheek in Dubai?
Is it proper for me to correct Tom?
Is it proper to enter a mosque wearing dirty socks?
Is it proper to say "Aloha" when saying goodbye?
Is it purely coincidence?
Is it purple?
Is it quiet where you live?
Is it radicalization if you know you're being radical?
Is it raining again?
Is it raining at the moment?
Is it raining for you guys?
Is it raining in Boston now?
Is it raining in Boston?
Is it raining in your city?
Is it raining in your town?
Is it raining now in Boston?
Is it raining now?
Is it raining or snowing?
Is it raining right now?
Is it raining there?
Is it raining where you are?
Is it raining where you lot are?
Is it raining?
Is it raining? We are in England!
Is it rainy?
Is it reachable by bike?
Is it ready yet?
Is it ready?
Is it real expensive?
Is it real?
Is it really OK if I come, too?
Is it really OK if I do that, too?
Is it really OK if Tom comes, too?
Is it really OK to do this?
Is it really OK to drink that much?
Is it really OK to spend that much money on a gift for your boss?
Is it really OK?
Is it really Tom's fault?
Is it really Tom?
Is it really all free?
Is it really all over the place?
Is it really all over?
Is it really all that harmful?
Is it really already October?
Is it really bad?
Is it really cold in Boston?
Is it really cold in Moscow?
Is it really easy to set up a business in Algeria?
Is it really everywhere?
Is it really fair?
Is it really free?
Is it really going to happen?
Is it really groundbreaking to transform the people of poets and philosophers into a people of trash collectors?
Is it really hot in Boston?
Is it really hot in Washington?
Is it really important to you why I quit smoking?
Is it really mine?
Is it really my fault?
Is it really necessary for Tom to be here?
Is it really necessary for Tom to be there too?
Is it really necessary for us to do that today?
Is it really necessary for us to do this now?
Is it really necessary for you to do that?
Is it really necessary for you to go there?
Is it really necessary that Tom does it?
Is it really necessary to buy all this stuff?
Is it really necessary to do that?
Is it really necessary to make such a racket?
Is it really necessary to rake leaves off your lawn?
Is it really necessary to save these letters?
Is it really necessary us to do this?
Is it really necessary?
Is it really possible to do a brain transplant?
Is it really possible to predict an earthquake?
Is it really possible?
Is it really recyclable?
Is it really so complicated?
Is it really so difficult to do that?
Is it really so hard to believe?
Is it really so hard to switch off your mobiles?
Is it really so terrible?
Is it really so valuable?
Is it really such a big deal?
Is it really that bad?
Is it really that big a deal?
Is it really that close?
Is it really that difficult to do that?
Is it really that difficult?
Is it really that good?
Is it really that hard to speak English?
Is it really that hard to speak French?
Is it really that important to you?
Is it really that important?
Is it really that necessary?
Is it really that simple?
Is it really the case?
Is it really the man that you are looking for?
Is it really too difficult to turn off your phones?
Is it really true Tom wants me to do that?
Is it really true that 30% of the people who live here have never seen the ocean?
Is it really true that Tom wants me to do that?
Is it really true that you're going to study in London?
Is it really true?
Is it really true?!
Is it really useless or does it just make you uncomfortable?
Is it really wise for marketing folks to satisfy people's desire for instant gratification?
Is it really wise for marketing folks to satisfy people’s desire for instant gratification?
Is it really worth it?
Is it really worth the effort?
Is it really worth the price?
Is it really worth the risk?
Is it really worth the trouble?
Is it really worth what they're asking for it?
Is it really you in the picture?
Is it really you who started art classes?
Is it really you?
Is it really you? Yes, it was surely me!
Is it really your day off?
Is it really, though?
Is it red?
Is it reliable?
Is it right for a doctor to decide when someone should die?
Is it right or wrong?
Is it right that you and I should fight?
Is it right that you like salt with your coffee?
Is it rough?
Is it rude to ask a woman her age?
Is it rude to ask a woman how old she is?
Is it running?
Is it safe at night there?
Is it safe for Tom to do that?
Is it safe for Tom?
Is it safe for children to eat in smoky restaurants?
Is it safe for dogs to eat fish?
Is it safe for pregnant women to do this kind of work?
Is it safe for us to be here?
Is it safe for us to look now?
Is it safe here?
Is it safe in there?
Is it safe now?
Is it safe to breastfeed if I have diarrhoea and vomiting?
Is it safe to cross this bridge?
Is it safe to do that here?
Is it safe to do that?
Is it safe to drink that much?
Is it safe to drink the tap water here?
Is it safe to drink the tap water?
Is it safe to drink this water?
Is it safe to eat a pig's eyeball?
Is it safe to eat a pig’s eyeball?
Is it safe to eat bacon raw?
Is it safe to eat bacon without cooking it?
Is it safe to eat centipede?
Is it safe to eat cockroaches?
Is it safe to eat eggs raw?
Is it safe to eat food that has dropped on the floor?
Is it safe to eat moldy bread?
Is it safe to eat moldy cheese?
Is it safe to eat oysters raw?
Is it safe to eat raw bacon?
Is it safe to eat raw eggs?
Is it safe to eat raw fish during pregnancy?
Is it safe to eat raw oysters?
Is it safe to eat this mushroom?
Is it safe to eat this?
Is it safe to eat uncooked bacon?
Is it safe to enter now?
Is it safe to fly with a perforated eardrum?
Is it safe to go outside now?
Is it safe to go swimming there?
Is it safe to go to Kabylie?
Is it safe to kiss a cat wearing a flea collar?
Is it safe to leave my suitcase here?
Is it safe to live in Algeria?
Is it safe to pay in advance?
Is it safe to skate on this lake?
Is it safe to sleep with earplugs in?
Is it safe to stay here?
Is it safe to swim here?
Is it safe to swim in this river?
Is it safe to swim with a wild dolphin?
Is it safe to use a sauna or jacuzzi if I'm pregnant?
Is it safe to use fake tan during pregnancy?
Is it safe to use hair dye when I'm pregnant or breastfeeding?
Is it safe?
Is it said like that in German?
Is it salt?
Is it satisfactory?
Is it scientific if it doesn't permit revision?
Is it scientifically plausible?
Is it secure?
Is it serious with Skura?
Is it serious, Doctor?
Is it serious, doctor?
Is it serious?
Is it severe in the winter here?
Is it shameful if I take them with me?
Is it shameful to crap or shameful to watch?
Is it similar to what he did yesterday?
Is it simple enough?
Is it small?
Is it smooth?
Is it snowing in Algeria?
Is it snowing in Boston now?
Is it snowing in Boston?
Is it snowing in your region?
Is it snowing now in Boston?
Is it snowing now?
Is it snowing out there? Look, it's already starting to appear on the ground there!
Is it snowing where you are?
Is it snowing?
Is it snowy?
Is it so difficult to choose between heaven and hell?
Is it so difficult to write?
Is it so hard to choose between heaven and hell?
Is it so urgent?
Is it so wrong to enjoy life this much?
Is it some sort of omen?
Is it some sort of public holiday today?
Is it something I can help with?
Is it something I said?
Is it something edible?
Is it something important?
Is it something infectious?
Is it something pressing?
Is it something serious?
Is it something special?
Is it something that can't wait?
Is it something very serious?
Is it something you can get rid of?
Is it sour?
Is it spicy?
Is it splendid, this world?
Is it springtime already? Because you're as pretty as a flower.
Is it still Monday?
Is it still alive?
Is it still allowed to say that homosexuality is a sin without getting arrested and jailed?
Is it still allowed to think that homosexuality is a sin?
Is it still early?
Is it still far from here?
Is it still far?
Is it still for sale?
Is it still going to rain today?
Is it still light out?
Is it still open?
Is it still possible to get there?
Is it still possible?
Is it still raining?
Is it still snowing?
Is it still there?
Is it still today or already tomorrow?
Is it still true that young women would be more attracted to fantasy than sci-fi? Is there too much detail in sci-fi?
Is it still true?
Is it still up in the attic?
Is it still windy?
Is it still worth it to become an intellectual?
Is it still worth it?
Is it strange for you that even I’m a man?
Is it strange?
Is it stranger to dream about a bow or about a rainbow?
Is it sugar?
Is it summer yet?
Is it sunny outside?
Is it supposed to snow tonight?
Is it sweet or sour?
Is it taboo to talk about the right for Palestinians to return to Palestine?
Is it tacky that I know how to yodel?
Is it taking too long?
Is it tasty?
Is it tax deductible?
Is it technically possible?
Is it that bad?
Is it that difficult to understand?
Is it that hard?
Is it that important that your work is mentioned in the president's speech?
Is it that important to you?
Is it that important?
Is it that irrelevant?
Is it that late?
Is it that obvious that I have feelings for him?
Is it that obvious?
Is it that serious?
Is it that simple?
Is it that urgent?
Is it that you can't or that you don't want to?
Is it that you can’t or that you don’t want to?
Is it that you're afraid of dying? Or is it a fear of flying? Perhaps, you are afraid of simply trying.
Is it the Pantheon in Athens or something like that?
Is it the best thing they did?
Is it the blanket with the wavy pattern?
Is it the case for you?
Is it the case that you have done it?
Is it the end of the world?
Is it the fault of the red shirt?
Is it the first time at 2:40AM tomorrow? Or is it the second time?
Is it the last lesson?
Is it the monitor or the actual computer that's broken?
Is it the rain's fault?
Is it the right place to sign up for foreign language courses?
Is it the right thing to do?
Is it the right time?
Is it the state's fault that this problem exists?
Is it the tenor saxophone or the alto saxophone that you play?
Is it the truth?
Is it the vacuum cleaner's fault that the room is dusty?
Is it the vacuum cleaner’s fault that the room is dusty?
Is it the wrong thing to do?
Is it there?
Is it these glasses you're looking for?
Is it this easy to make you unsure?
Is it this hot every day?
Is it time already?
Is it time for a change?
Is it time for some change?
Is it time for something new?
Is it time for us to go home?
Is it time to act?
Is it time to eat yet?
Is it time to eat?
Is it time to end it?
Is it time to end the call?
Is it time to go?
Is it time to leave?
Is it time to move on?
Is it time you need?
Is it time?
Is it to eat in or to take away?
Is it to go?
Is it to your liking?
Is it today that you want to do that?
Is it tomorrow that you're going to do that?
Is it tomorrow you're going to do that?
Is it too big?
Is it too cold for you?
Is it too complicated?
Is it too difficult?
Is it too early for red wine?
Is it too early in the morning to be playing?
Is it too early to call Tom?
Is it too early to call her?
Is it too early to call him?
Is it too early to call them?
Is it too early to order from the lunch menu?
Is it too early to order from the luncheon menu?
Is it too early to start drinking?
Is it too early?
Is it too far to walk?
Is it too hot for you?
Is it too hot?
Is it too late for love?
Is it too late for us to register?
Is it too late to change my mind?
Is it too late to change the plan?
Is it too late to do that now?
Is it too late to get my money back?
Is it too late to matter?
Is it too late to say I'm sorry?
Is it too late?
Is it too little?
Is it too much of me to ask you for your liver?
Is it too much to ask for forgiveness?
Is it too much to ask for some privacy?
Is it too much to ask from you?
Is it too much to ask you to set the table?
Is it too much to hope that you'll forgive me?
Is it too much?
Is it too salty?
Is it too short?
Is it too small?
Is it too soon to swing by?
Is it too spicy?
Is it torn?
Is it tough working at McDonald's?
Is it translated into Russian?
Is it true Boston is a very expensive city?
Is it true Mary killed her husband?
Is it true Mary sold her wedding dress to Alice?
Is it true Mr. Jackson is going to be our new teacher?
Is it true Tom and Mary are dating?
Is it true Tom and Mary are getting married?
Is it true Tom and Mary are going to get married?
Is it true Tom and Mary are moving to Boston?
Is it true Tom and Mary got arrested?
Is it true Tom can speak French?
Is it true Tom can't do that?
Is it true Tom can't drive?
Is it true Tom can't read or write?
Is it true Tom can't see out of his left eye?
Is it true Tom can't speak French?
Is it true Tom can't swim?
Is it true Tom changed his name?
Is it true Tom did that?
Is it true Tom didn't win?
Is it true Tom doesn't know any French?
Is it true Tom doesn't like Mary?
Is it true Tom doesn't like to sing?
Is it true Tom doesn't like to swim?
Is it true Tom got arrested?
Is it true Tom has a twin?
Is it true Tom has been to Australia?
Is it true Tom has been to Boston?
Is it true Tom has never been to Australia?
Is it true Tom has never been to Boston?
Is it true Tom has three dogs at home?
Is it true Tom is going to Australia?
Is it true Tom is going to Boston?
Is it true Tom is going to be there?
Is it true Tom is going to help us?
Is it true Tom is in jail?
Is it true Tom is in prison?
Is it true Tom is moving to Australia?
Is it true Tom is moving to Boston?
Is it true Tom is never wrong?
Is it true Tom is one of your close friends?
Is it true Tom joined a cult?
Is it true Tom jumped in front of a bus?
Is it true Tom kissed you?
Is it true Tom knows French?
Is it true Tom lived in Australia for three years?
Is it true Tom lived in Boston for three years?
Is it true Tom plans on staying in Australia until October?
Is it true Tom plans to move to Australia?
Is it true Tom plans to move to Boston?
Is it true Tom plans to stay in Australia until October?
Is it true Tom proposed to you?
Is it true Tom thinks I believe that?
Is it true Tom thinks that I believe that?
Is it true Tom tried to hang himself?
Is it true Tom tried to kill Mary?
Is it true Tom used to be a professional basketball player?
Is it true Tom used to be married to Mary?
Is it true Tom used to be rich?
Is it true Tom used to be your boyfriend?
Is it true Tom used to live in Australia?
Is it true Tom used to live in Boston?
Is it true Tom used to live with you?
Is it true Tom wants to live in Australia?
Is it true Tom wants to live in Boston?
Is it true Tom wants to paint his house green?
Is it true Tom was able to swim across the river?
Is it true Tom was born in Australia?
