We might go to Boston next month.
We might go to Boston next spring.
We might go to Boston next summer.
We might go.
We might have a chance to talk to Tom later.
We might have a deal.
We might have enough for more.
We might have enough.
We might have frost next week.
We might have misunderstood her.
We might have misunderstood them.
We might have some luck this year.
We might have something else.
We might have time to have one more drink.
We might have to be in Australia all year.
We might have to be in Australia for a week or two.
We might have to be in Boston all week.
We might have to do that.
We might have to eat it.
We might have to go to Australia the week after next.
We might have to hire some new waiters.
We might have to live in Australia for a few years.
We might have to milk her without her being pregnant.
We might have to stay in Australia for a few weeks.
We might have to wait a little longer.
We might have to wait for months.
We might have underestimated his ability.
We might have wished all people to take care of their onions, their religion, their intimate convictions, without bothering their neighbor, who may not want it. Let those who want to practice do so soberly. But if someone prevents you from chewing your own gum, then let him steam his couscous alone.
We might hold contrasting views on specific subjects.
We might leave early.
We might like to drink some wine.
We might live in Australia for a few years.
We might live in Australia for another year.
We might live in Boston for a few years.
We might live in Boston for another year.
We might lose Tom.
We might lose.
We might meet again in the near future.
We might miss something big.
We might need Tom's help.
We might need a little push.
We might need help.
We might need the extra money.
We might need the extra room.
We might need to be in Australia for longer than we expected.
We might need to be in Australia for several weeks.
We might need to be in Boston for several weeks.
We might need to do that.
We might need to go to Australia next month.
We might need to go to Boston next month.
We might need to help Tom.
We might need to help her.
We might need to help him.
We might need to help them.
We might need to help you.
We might need to live in Australia for a few years.
We might need to make some changes.
We might need to sell our house.
We might need to stay in Australia for a few weeks.
We might need your help.
We might never be able to fix that.
We might never find Tom.
We might never find what we're looking for.
We might never fix that.
We might never have this opportunity again.
We might never know for sure whether insects experience pain or not.
We might never know the answer.
We might never see Tom again.
We might never see each other again.
We might never see her again.
We might never see him again.
We might never see them again.
We might never see you again.
We might not all agree on every issue.
We might not always agree on every issue.
We might not be able to solve all our problems, but we should be able to solve some of them.
We might not be in Boston until Monday evening.
We might not be so lucky next time.
We might not do that until next week.
We might not do that.
We might not ever find Tom.
We might not ever find what we're looking for.
We might not go to Australia this spring.
We might not go to Boston this spring.
We might not have a choice.
We might not have enough time to do that.
We might not have enough time to eat lunch.
We might not have found it without your help.
We might not need to attend the meeting on Monday.
We might not need to go to the supermarket today.
We might not need to pay the full price.
We might not need to sell our house.
We might not need to sign a contract.
We might not share the same stance on all issues.
We might not stay in Australia as long as we had planned to.
We might not stay in Boston as long as we had planned to.
We might otherwise have to reconsider the purchase.
We might play a few new songs tonight.
We might possibly lose.
We might regret this.
We might run into Tom at the party?
We might see Tom while we're in Australia.
We might see some topics differently.
We might sing.
We might sit in the front.
We might speak French to Tom.
We might stay in Australia for a couple of weeks.
We might stay in Australia for a few more days.
We might stay in Australia for another three days.
We might stay in Boston for a couple of weeks.
We might stay in Boston for a few more days.
We might stay in Boston for another three days.
We might stay up all night, studying.
We might still make it.
We might study French next year.
We might visit Australia next spring.
We might visit Boston next spring.
We might visit Boston on our next trip.
We might want to do that next summer.
We might well be the only ones in our Galaxy.
We might win this time.
We might win.
We might've missed the bus.
We might've misunderstood Tom.
We might've underestimated Tom's ability.
We milked the cow.
We milked the ewes.
We misjudged Tom.
We misjudged her.
We misjudged him.
We misjudged them.
We misjudged you.
We misled Tom.
We misled you.
We miss Algeria.
We miss Australia.
We miss Boston.
We miss Kabylie.
We miss Mina.
We miss Mom.
We miss Tom a lot.
We miss Tom a whole lot.
We miss Tom every single day.
We miss Tom terribly.
We miss Tom.
We miss her.
We miss him.
We miss our cat.
We miss our children.
We miss our dear grandmother.
We miss our dog very much. He was our best friend and we will never forget him.
We miss our families.
We miss our friends.
We miss our homes and schools.
We miss our kids.
We miss our mom.
We miss our mother.
We miss our wives.
We miss some of them.
We miss something.
We miss them.
We miss you a lot.
We miss you and are really looking forward to you being here.
We miss you both so much.
We miss you more every day.
We miss you so much.
We miss you very much.
We miss you, Tom.
We miss you, old friend.
We miss you, too.
We miss you.
We missed China.
We missed Sunday school.
We missed Tom so much.
We missed Tom.
We missed a golden opportunity.
We missed an appointment.
We missed each other.
We missed her.
We missed him.
We missed hot showers.
We missed it.
We missed opportunities.
We missed our bus.
We missed our chance.
We missed our flight.
We missed our plane because of the traffic jam.
We missed our stop.
We missed our train by a minute.
We missed our train.
We missed out on a lot.
We missed something.
We missed that chance.
We missed that.
We missed the bus.
We missed the deadline to register for the event.
We missed the deadline.
We missed the exit.
We missed the flight home.
We missed the last bus. We'll have to take a taxi.
We missed the last train.
We missed the plane.
We missed the start of the game.
We missed the tram.
We missed the window of opportunity.
We missed them.
We missed you at the meeting yesterday.
We missed you at the party last night.
We missed you at the party.
We missed you last night.
We missed you very much at the party yesterday.
We missed you very much at the party yesterday. We had a very good time indeed.
We missed you, Yanni.
We missed you, too.
We missed you.
We mistook him for an American.
We mix with the good, not with the bad.
We mixed chickpeas with couscous.
We mixed everything together.
We mock him.
We mocked them.
We mocked you.
We mortals die in a thousand ways; we are born in only one. There are a thousand diseases of men, but only one source of health.
We mostly agree with their statements.
We mostly see wicker in small items like baskets, but larger furniture like chairs or tables can also be made using the same weaving techniques.
We mounted our horses.
We mourn the victims of the Tyruger train accident and wish the deceased a blessing.
We move according to our desires.
We move around a lot.
We move as one.
We move forward without knowing our destination.
We move from the relative cool of the Garden Court into the warmth of a jungle. Sunlight from outside shines on this thick green world. The light comes through the top of the building. The glass-covered area in the Palm Court is about twenty-eight meters high. We can climb steps to see the palm trees and other growth from above. Or we can ride up in an elevator.
We move the table in front of it.
We moved abroad.
We moved all that stuff into the new kitchen.
We moved around a lot while we were there.
We moved away from each other.
We moved away from the dance floor.
We moved away.
We moved back to Kabylie when I was about fourteen years old.
We moved everything Tom will need into his bedroom.
We moved everything that Tom will need into his bedroom.
We moved forward.
We moved from France to Kabylie, Algeria.
We moved here from Boston three years ago.
We moved here separately three years ago.
We moved here three years ago.
We moved house last year.
We moved in together.
We moved in.
We moved into a car.
We moved into a new apartment in Kabylie, Algeria.
We moved into a new house last week.
We moved into a new house.
We moved into our apartment four years ago.
We moved into our own house.
We moved into the dorm in Yale.
We moved into this house last month, but we still haven't settled down.
We moved into this house last month, but we still haven’t settled down.
We moved into this house last month. We will settle down soon.
We moved last year.
We moved on, just like any typical family would.
We moved our bags to make room for the elderly lady to sit down.
We moved our mother to a different apartment in the same building.
We moved out.
We moved pretty quickly.
We moved the chairs to pray there.
We moved the project to a new server.
We moved to Algeria when I was four.
We moved to Algeria.
We moved to Algiers.
We moved to Australia in 2013.
We moved to Australia last October.
We moved to Australia so our kids would have a better life.
We moved to Australia three years ago.
We moved to Australia when I was three.
We moved to Australia, the home of kangaroos.
We moved to Bejaia, Algeria.
We moved to Boston last fall.
We moved to Boston last summer from Chicago.
We moved to Boston several years ago.
We moved to Boston so the kids would have a better life.
We moved to Boston three months ago.
We moved to Boston three years ago.
We moved to Boston together.
We moved to Boston when I was three.
We moved to Boston when Tom was a baby.
We moved to Ighzer Amokran.
We moved to Kabylie when I was fourteen.
We moved to Kabylie, Algeria.
We moved to New York last fall.
We moved to a new house last year.
We moved to another city and settled in a new house.
We moved to the Eastern side of the country.
We moved to the other side of the country away from my ex-husband.
We moved towards Mina.
We moved up to first class.
We moved.
We much expected that.
We murdered Silya.
We murdered Tom.
We murdered them.
We musn't forget that red wine is delicious with cheese.
We must abandon ship.
We must abide by the law.
We must abide by the rules of the game.
We must abolish the death penalty.
We must absolutely find the assassins.
We must accept life, for good or for evil.
We must accept others, be they different or not.
We must accept our existence as far as possible.
We must accept the reality.
We must accept things as they happen. But we must also ensure that they happen the way one wants them.
We must accomplish our task.
We must achieve our aim at any price.
We must act at once.
We must act now.
We must act quickly.
We must act.
We must adapt our plan to these new circumstances.
We must adapt to today's harsh realities.
We must adapt to today’s harsh realities.
We must add yeast to this dough.
We must address the low standing of America test scores amongst industrialized nations in math and science.
We must alert the police.
We must all ask ourselves the same question.
We must all carry our share of the burden.
We must all go and find Tom.
We must all go and find her.
We must all go and find him.
We must all go and find them.
We must all obey the great law of change. It is the most powerful law of nature.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The difference is discipline weighs ounces while regret weighs tons.
We must all take care to preserve our national heritage.
We must all take the good way.
We must allow Tom to do that.
We must allow for her poor health.
We must allow for his age.
We must allow for his poor health.
We must allow for some delay.
We must allow for some delays.
We must allow him his bravery.
We must allow his bravery.
We must alter our plan.
We must always aim high.
We must always be prepared against disasters.
We must always be prepared for disasters.
We must always be prepared for the worst.
We must always be ready.
We must always consider the feelings of others.
We must always consider the public interest.
We must always do our best.
We must always follow the rules.
We must always have hope and believe.
We must always help each other.
We must always keep in mind that life is a fragile thing and that it can be taken away from us almost overnight.
We must always keep our teeth clean.
We must always stand up for our rights.
We must always support our children.
We must always try to help others.
We must always try to serve others.
We must analyze the risk data.
We must appeal to public opinion about the matter.
We must apply corrective measures.
We must appoint a new teacher soon.
We must ask for a broom to sweep the floor.
We must ask for clean sheets.
We must ask ourselves this question.
We must ask the bank for the loan.
We must aspire to conserve our natural resources.
We must assume the worst.
We must attack.
We must attain our goal at any cost.
We must avoid calling on others without an appointment.
We must avoid getting involved at all costs.
We must avoid war at all cost.
We must avoid war by all possible means.
We must baby Mary until she gets well again.
We must balance our budget.
We must ban opposing views.
We must ban the Russian language on Tatoeba.
We must band together to defeat the enemy.
We must band together.
We must bandage the wound immediately.
We must be a step ahead of the times in our outlook.
We must be able to differentiate between objects and situations.
We must be able to discriminate between objects and situations.
We must be absolutely sure.
We must be alert to dangers.
We must be as kind to old people as possible.
We must be attentive to the future and make wise decisions.
We must be careful of our health.
We must be careful that this never happens again.
We must be careful to drink only pure water.
We must be careful.
We must be cautious.
We must be clear that when it comes to atoms, language can be used only as in poetry.
We must be content just to admire each other from afar.
We must be extremely vigilant.
We must be fair.
We must be firm.
We must be getting home, too.
We must be going now.
We must be good.
We must be healthy.
We must be heedful of the future and make wise decisions.
We must be heedful of the future.
We must be imagining things.
We must be kind to others.
We must be kind to the elderly.
We must be leaving now.
We must be losing our touch.
We must be loyal to our principles.
We must be missing something.
We must be off early tomorrow morning.
We must be on our guard against any attempts to take away our freedoms.
We must be patient.
We must be prepared for every eventuality.
We must be prepared for sudden changes.
We must be prepared for whatever happens.
We must be prepared for whatever it is that happens.
We must be prepared for whatever will happen.
We must be quiet.
We must be ready for anything.
We must be ready for whatever happens.
We must be ready for whatever will happen.
We must be ready to accept the consequences of our own action.
We must be ready to dare all for our country. For history does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid.
We must be satisfied.
We must be there at seven, so hurry up.
We must become a multi-planet species.
We must beef up our organization.
We must begin as we mean to go on.
We must begin before five.
We must begin to work right away.
We must believe we can win.
We must bridge the gap which separates us from our competitors.
We must build toward the time when a major depression cannot occur again; and if this means sacrificing the easy profits of inflationist booms, then let them go; and good riddance.
We must buy a new carpet for this room.
We must call a cat a cat.
We must call someone.
We must call the doctor because I am sick.
We must call the police.
We must cancel our trip to Japan.
We must carry out that plan.
We must carry out the plan at once.
We must carry out this plan by all means.
We must catch the culprit.
We must celebrate.
We must change our plan.
We must change the rules.
We must change this.
We must check.
We must choose the appropriate moment carefully.
We must choose the right moment carefully.
We must clean our class.
We must clean our classroom.
We must clean up the kitchen.
We must cling to our faith.
We must collaborate to revitalise our relationship.
We must colonize Mars.
We must colonize other planets if we are not to become extinct.
We must colonize other planets.
We must combat language death, as languages provide valuable scientific and historical information.
We must come up with a plan.
We must compete with the local stores in price.
We must complete the bond by the end of this year.
We must completely erase the history of humanity, because we're all descendants of rapists and killers, seeing as they, naturally, have more descendants than their victims.
We must concede that we committed an error.
We must concentrate on that.
We must concentrate our efforts on the desk.
We must condemn the historical and ongoing impacts of colonization.
We must conform to the rules.
We must confront the scandal of illiteracy in America, seen most clearly in high-poverty schools, where nearly 70 percent of fourth graders are unable to read at a basic level.
We must consider all options.
We must consider all the options.
We must consider every aspect of the problem.
We must consider his youth.
We must consider many factors.
We must consider the financial aspects of this project.
We must consider the needs of the elderly when providing for those individuals who are physically handicapped. The same goes for those individuals who are considered mentally ill in the communities where they reside.
We must consider the question from every aspect.
We must consider the question of whether we can afford such huge sums for armaments.
We must consider these matters as a whole.
We must consider what to do next.
We must consume less!
We must contact the police at once.
We must continue our attack.
We must continue to do so.
We must continue to study as long as we live.
We must continue working.
We must continue.
We must control our passions.
We must cook his goose before he can do any more harm.
We must cooperate.
We must correct these problems.
We must counterattack.
We must cover the furniture before painting the walls.
We must create a safe environment for our children.
We must cut down on prices; we can't compete.
We must cut down on prices; we can’t compete.
We must cut down our expenses.
We must cut our expenses to save money.
We must cut our expenses.
We must cut spending.
We must cut the red tape within the EU.
We must deal fairly with these people.
We must deal with that problem immediately.
We must deal with the problem instantly.
We must deal with the problem right away.
We must deal with this problem as soon as we can.
We must deal with this problem right away.
We must deal with this problem.
We must decide by tomorrow morning.
We must decide upon a day.
We must decide what to do next.
We must decide when to start.
We must decide.
We must declare war on them.
We must deconstruct America.
We must deconstruct the U.S.
We must defeat our enemies.
We must defeat our foes.
We must defeat our opponents.
We must defend our freedom at all cost.
We must defend our liberties.
We must defend ourselves from Tom.
We must defend ourselves.
We must deliberate seriously on trade deficit.
We must deregulate the economy.
We must destroy America.
We must destroy France.
We must destroy Germany.
We must destroy it.
We must destroy the United States.
We must destroy the devil.
We must destroy the evidence.
We must develop a plan.
We must develop a strategy.
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies.
We must develop our talents.
We must develop renewable energy sources.
We must develop the renewable energy sources.
We must devise some means of escape.
We must devote ourselves to our work.
We must die sooner or later.
We must digitize these books.
We must distinguish between good and evil.
We must distinguish between the unusual and the impossible.
We must do all we can to make Tom happy.
We must do as they say, Tom.
We must do as they say.
We must do away with such a custom.
We must do away with such bad customs.
We must do away with the antiquated corporate culture that makes long working hours acceptable.
We must do away with these old rules.
We must do away with violence.
We must do everything in our power to prevent such a thing from happening.
We must do everything possible to eradicate the violence.
We must do everything we can to fight oppression wherever it occurs.
We must do everything we can to stimulate the economy.
We must do it again.
We must do it as well.
We must do it for Tom.
We must do it now.
We must do it quickly.
We must do more than yesterday.
We must do more to protect nature.
We must do more to protect our cultural heritage.
We must do more.
We must do our best.
We must do our job as best as we can.
We must do something for Tom.
We must do something for her.
We must do something for him.
We must do something for them.
We must do something to help.
We must do something to prevent the death of minority languages.
We must do something to stop this madness.
We must do something, Tom.
We must do something.
We must do that again.
We must do that now.
We must do the best we can.
We must do this again soon.
We must do this more often.
We must do this ourselves.
We must do this right now.
We must do this very quickly.
We must do this without Tom.
We must do this.
We must do what has to be done.
We must do what we can to stop the violence.
We must draw a line in the sand.
We must draw attention to the distribution of this form in those dialects.
We must eat now.
We must either set the standard or lose our cool.
We must embrace boldly and resolutely that duty to lead - to stand with our allies in word and deed and to put a human face on the global economy, so that expanded trade benefits all peoples in all nations, lifting lives and hopes all across the world.
We must embrace every stage of life.
We must eradicate the drug traffic, root and branch.
We must escape from this place.
We must escape this place.
We must escape.
We must especially beware of that small group of selfish men who would clip the wings of the American Eagle in order to feather their own nests.
We must evacuate the people in the hall!
We must evacuate.
We must evolve with our time.
We must examine the various aspects.
We must execute her orders.
We must execute his orders.
We must exterminate them.
We must face facts.
We must face the facts.
We must feel our way carefully in the dark.
We must fight against alcoholism.
We must fight for our democracy.
We must fight for what we believe in.
We must fight religious fundamentalism.
We must fight to preserve our civil rights.
We must fight to safeguard our civil rights.
We must fight to the death.
We must figure out how to fix this.
We must find Tom a girl.
We must find Tom.
We must find a more efficient method.
We must find a quick solution to the problem.
We must find a solution.
We must find a way out of this situation.
We must find a way to do that.
We must find a way to stop Tom.
We must find a way to stop her.
We must find a way to stop him.
We must find a way to stop them.
We must find another way out from here.
We must find her.
We must find him.
We must find it.
We must find out the cause and get rid of it.
We must find out where this fire originates.
We must find something to plug up this hole.
We must find the money, Madam Chairman, for the sake of the children.
We must find them.
We must find time to stop and thank the people who make a difference in our lives.
We must finish doing this before Tom gets here.
We must finish everything before Monday morning.
We must finish everything before Tuesday morning.
We must finish our homework first.
We must finish our work.
We must finish this job tonight.
We must finish this work at any cost.
We must finish this.
We must first solve the most important problem.
We must fix that.
We must fix this.
We must flee the city.
We must flee.
We must flesh out the plan before presenting it.
We must focus on building a solid grass-roots movement.
We must focus.
We must follow Tom.
We must follow her.
We must follow him.
We must follow laws and social norms.
We must follow the legal regulations.
We must follow the regulations.
We must follow the rules of the game.
We must follow the rules.
We must follow their instructions.
We must follow them.
We must fortify the settlement before someone tries to attack it.
We must free them.
We must fuel the machine.
We must get Sami to the clinic quickly.
We must get answers.
We must get away.
We must get back to the ship.
We must get back.
We must get down to our homework.
We must get help.
We must get off at the next stop.
We must get our hair cut.
We must get out of here.
We must get over many difficulties.
We must get over this difficulty.
We must get rid of Tom.
We must get rid of all this stuff.
We must get rid of her.
We must get rid of him.
We must get rid of them.
We must get rid of this foul garbage right away.
We must get some help.
We must get some.
We must get there before her.
We must get there before him.
We must get there before them.
We must get to our destination.
We must get to the bottom of this mystery.
We must get to the root of the problem.
We must get together for a drink some time.
We must get together for a drink sometime.
We must get up at dawn.
We must give hope to those left behind in a globalized world.
We must give in to some extent if we want to get to an agreement.
We must give it a coat of varnish.
We must give it a good coat of varnish.
We must give it time.
We must go across the lake by boat.
We must go and see Tom.
We must go and see her.
We must go and see him.
We must go and see them.
We must go back to the Middle Ages to trace the origin.
We must go back.
We must go forward getting the better of all obstacles.
We must go now.
We must go on.
We must go there at least once a year.
We must go there whether we like it or not.
We must go to bed early tonight.
We must go to school.
We must go to the bank to exchange some money.
We must go to the moon.
We must go without luxuries.
We must go.
We must guard against mistakes in spelling.
We must hand down our craft to posterity.
We must hand in a history paper by next Saturday.
We must have a new supply of forms.
We must have a talk about that someday.
We must have accountability.
We must have been followed.
We must have blown a fuse.
We must have confidence.
We must have faith in the president.
We must have made a mistake.
We must have missed each other.
We must have missed something.
We must have respect for tradition.
We must have seen a thousand pronghorn on the drive across Kansas.
We must have something to fall back on.
We must have something to live for.
We must have taken the wrong road.
We must have the result by Monday at the latest.
We must have those parts by Monday afternoon.
We must have two ounces of vanilla to make this cake.
We must help Tom do that.
We must help Tom get away.
We must help Tom.
We must help all of them.
We must help as many people as we can.
We must help each other, it's nature's law.
We must help each other.
We must help her.
We must help him immediately.
We must help him.
We must help them.
We must help those who can't defend themselves.
We must help those who can't help themselves.
We must help.
We must hide!
We must hide.
We must hold a meeting of the council of directors.
We must honour our word.
We must hope for the best.
We must hurry if we want to arrive at the station on time.
We must hurry now.
We must hurry or else the shop will be closed.
We must hurry or we'll be late.
We must hurry.
We must incorporate cultural variables into our theory explaining this phenomenon.
We must inform her.
We must inform him.
We must inform the management of what's going on.
We must inform them.
We must instill patriotism into the young people of today.
We must intervene.
We must invest in our future.
We must investigate social abuses.
We must investigate this matter in advance.
We must keep Tom from doing that.
We must keep a diary every day.
We must keep calm.
We must keep down expenses.
We must keep fighting.
We must keep improving.
We must keep in touch with the times.
We must keep law and order.
We must keep moving forward.
We must keep nature in good condition.
We must keep on fighting.
We must keep our hands clean.
We must keep quiet.
We must keep the children from danger at all costs.
We must keep the customers satisfied.
We must keep the law to live happily.
We must keep the law.
We must keep the results for Thursday.
We must keep them here!
We must keep this in mind.
We must keep up the family traditions.
We must keep up with the time.
We must keep up with the times.
We must kill it.
We must know about it.
We must know exactly what we're doing.
We must know for certain.
We must know how to conjugate verbs for any language.
We must know our enemies.
We must know where he was, whom he did meet and what he did do.
We must know. We will know.
We must learn a lot about foreign countries.
We must learn all the definitions in Physics.
We must learn from our past.
We must learn from the experience.
We must learn this poem by heart by the next lesson.
We must learn to accept the people around us.
We must learn to face adversity with grace.
We must learn to live in harmony with nature.
We must learn to live in peace with each other and with the environment.
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.
We must learn to live together as brothers, or we will perish together as fools.
We must learn to meet adversity gracefully.
We must learn to respect each other.
We must learn to walk before we can run.
We must learn to wish, above all things, to see the babies grow up since there is no condition (for any creature not a baby) more revolting than babyishness, just as there is no state more humiliating (for any but a child) than childishness.
We must learn to work together.
We must leave a tip for the waiter.
We must leave at once.
We must leave early.
We must leave here as soon as possible.
We must leave here at once.
We must leave immediately.
We must leave now, or we will die.
We must leave now.
We must leave right away.
We must leave the hotel before 10 a.m., otherwise we will miss the train for Miami.
We must leave this evening.
We must leave this place.
We must leave tomorrow!
We must leave you.
We must leave!
We must leave.
We must let Tom do that.
We must let people invent their own values by giving them the maximum freedom of creation. Because at a certain level of depth, if a culture is real, it is liberating.
We must let this bear cub go.
We must liberate her.
We must liberate them.
We must look after her children this evening.
We must look at the problem from a global point of view.
We must look elsewhere.
We must look into the matter at once.
We must look to the government for a tax cut.
We must lose no time in escaping.
We must love one another.
We must love our country as we love our parents.
We must maintain a constant vigil.
We must maintain the amicable relations between Japan and the U.S.
We must maintain the friendly relations between Japan and the U.S.
We must make a close analysis of the causes of the accident.
We must make a decision on this right away.
We must make a new start.
We must make allowance for his age.
We must make allowances for her youth.
We must make an effort and go deeper into the matter.
We must make arrangements with them beforehand.
We must make colonization of other planets one of our top priorities.
We must make do with what we have got.
We must make do with what we've got.
We must make economies in buying clothes.
We must make every effort to do away with all discrimination.
We must make every effort to get this done on time.
We must make every effort to maintain peace in the world.
We must make it!
We must make sure that Mary doesn't hurt herself.
We must make sure that Tom and Mary don't hurt themselves.
We must make sure that Tom doesn't hurt himself.
We must make sure that doesn't happen again.
We must make sure that this information is correct.
We must make the best of the small room.
We must make the best of what we are.
We must make the best use of solar energy.
We must make the best we can of the few natural resources we have.
We must make the most of our vacation, as it is so short.
We must make the utmost effort to reduce the use of plastic packaging, and also to recycle all waste plastic.
We must make up for lost time.
We must make up for the loss in some way.
We must make up for the loss.
We must make up our minds about the implementation of the project.
We must make up our minds, and soon!
We must make up our minds, and that at once.
We must meet.
We must mobilize our forces quickly if we wish to succeed.
We must move fast.
We must move from words to actions.
We must move quickly.
We must move this statue very carefully.
We must never compromise on this.
We must never confuse the two.
We must never do this again.
We must never forget Tom's sacrifice.
We must never forget the inherent value of every human being.
We must never forget the sacrifices our ancestors made so that we could enjoy our current liberties.
We must never forget what happened here.
We must never forget, that during the Great Rebellion, Puritanism was actually the dominant faction; and even at the Restoration it cannot be supposed that the Dissenters were a small or an uninfluential class.
We must never let our guard down.
We must no more ask whether the soul and body are one than ask whether the wax and the figure impressed on it are one.
We must not act unconstitutionally.
We must not allow Tatoeba to become a place where black propaganda is spread.
We must not allow ourselves to be deceived.
We must not allow ourselves to be fooled.
We must not allow ourselves to be influenced by soothing words.
We must not allow the glorification of Nazism.
We must not allow these problems to affect the project.
We must not allow this to happen.
We must not allow this.
We must not be afraid to fail.
We must not be enemies.
We must not be late to school again.
We must not be late.
We must not beat the milk hand-milked by others.
We must not blame Tom.
We must not break our promise.
We must not break our promises.
We must not complain.
We must not do that.
We must not fail this time.
We must not forget our promise.
We must not get angry at things: they don't care at all.
We must not get angry at things: they don’t care at all.
We must not give up.
We must not give way to their demands.
We must not go to war again.
We must not ignore populations suffering under misgovernment.
We must not keep the fire burning.
We must not laugh at the poor.
We must not laugh at the weaknesses of others.
We must not let them down.
We must not let them infiltrate our network.
We must not let them overpower our forces.
We must not lose hope.
We must not make any mistakes.
We must not make that mistake again.
We must not make too much of this incident.
We must not rest on our laurels!
We must not retreat.
We must not speak disrespectfully of the dead.
We must not speak ill of others behind their backs.
We must not speak in the library.
We must not stay here.
We must not stop here.
We must not take anything for granted.
We must not violate the Constitution.
We must not wake a sleeping cat.
We must obey Tom.
We must obey the law.
We must obey the rules.
We must obey the traffic regulations.
We must obey traffic rules.
We must obey.
We must observe the rules.
We must observe the traffic regulations.
We must open an account for our group.
We must operate immediately.
We must overcome our differences.
We must part; the day will soon break.
We must party.
We must pay a toll to drive on this road.
We must pay attention to environmental problems.
We must pay attention to our children.
We must pay attention to the fact that no nation claimed sovereignty over this region.
We must pay attention to the traffic light.
We must pay attention to traffic signals.
We must pay in cash.
We must pay regard to other cultures like ours.
We must pay taxes.
We must pay the tax.
We must phone for an ambulance.
We must phone the police.
We must plan ahead.
We must plan for the future.
We must polish the Polish furniture.
We must pray for miracles, work for change.
We must pray to God because He's the one that protects us.
We must pray to God.
We must pray to the good Lord.
We must prepare for a long-lasting cold.
We must prepare for a new constitution free from racism and discrimination.
We must prepare ourselves for battle.
We must prepare ourselves.
We must prepare so that we will regret nothing.
We must prepare the reapers, not only to cut down the tares of today, but to reap the wheat of tomorrow.
We must preserve birds.
We must preserve his remaining works.
We must preserve our natural resources.
We must preserve our peaceful constitution.
We must preserve the Kabyle language that our ancestors left us.
We must preserve the century-old grove.
We must preserve this heritage.
We must presuppose that the wage paid is economically just.
We must prevail against our rivals by all means.
We must prevent a war by all possible means.
We must prevent rapid population growth.
We must prevent the fire from reaching the gunpowder at any cost.
We must prevent the situation from worsening further.
We must prevent this type of incident from recurring.
We must prevent this.
We must prevent war at any cost.
We must proceed with caution. Any mistake we make could prove irreparable.
We must proceed with extreme caution.
We must promote commerce with neighboring countries.
We must promote sales.
We must protect our children.
We must protect ourselves.
We must protect the children.
We must protect the environment.
We must protect the island's unique and fragile environment.
We must protect the rain forest.
We must protect the rainforest.
We must protest against it.
We must provide food and clothes for the poor.
We must provide food and clothes for the victims.
We must provide for future.
We must provide for old age.
We must provide for our old age.
We must provide for the future.
We must provide jobs.
We must provide the victims with food and clothes.
We must pull up our sleeves.
We must punish Tom severely.
We must punish him severely.
We must put a stop to this.
We must put an end to a bad habit as soon as possible.
We must put an end to this kind of quarrel.
We must put aside the idea of a single time; only multiple times, those of experience, count.
We must put our differences aside and band together.
We must put plastic and glass bottles in the proper containers.
We must put safety before anything else.
We must put the brake to further trials.
We must put the clock back one hour in Autumn, because of daylight savings.
We must put up resistance against the English invasion.
We must reach out to and win the hearts and minds of the people.
We must read such books as will benefit us.
We must read this book again and again.
We must rebuild.
We must reduce energy demand.
We must reflect on our failure.
We must register for the courses that we're going to take by tomorrow.
We must register for the courses that we’re going to take by tomorrow.
We must reject any forms of fundamentalism, or racism, or a belief in ethnic superiority that makes our traditional identities irreconcilable with modernity. Instead we need to embrace the tolerance that results from respect of all human beings.
We must reject the normalization of hate speech in all forms.
We must relieve the refugees of their suffering.
We must remain here.
We must remain vigilant.
We must remove our shoes before entering the house.
We must remove the rose-tinted glasses through which we view the United States.
We must repair the damage.
We must replace this moth-eaten carpet.
We must rescue the environment from pollution.
We must resist the invasion of the English language.
We must respect Tom's decision.
We must respect each of God's creatures and respect the environment in which we live.
We must respect each other.
We must respect his decision.
We must respect individual liberty.
We must respect other people's privacy.
We must respect other people’s privacy.
We must respect others.
We must respect our parents, country.
We must respect the dead, you know.
We must respect the elderly.
We must respect the rights of the individual.
We must respect the will of the individual.
We must respect their wishes.
We must respect them.
We must retreat.
We must reunite them at all costs.
We must reveal the truth.
We must rid the nation of drugs.
We must roll up our sleeves.
We must run away.
We must run.
We must sacrifice a bull to the gods.
We must sacrifice a newborn male to the gods.
We must save electricity.
We must save ourselves.
We must say good-bye to our guide.
We must search the camp.
We must see Tom.
We must see him.
We must see the good side of things.
We must see the matter in its proper perspective.
We must see the movie again to do it justice.
We must see things as they are.
We must seek after the true, the good and the beautiful.
We must select a suitable person for any post.
We must select one from among these applicants.
We must send people to Mars.
We must send people to the Moon.
We must separate politics from religion.
We must show solidarity with the earthquake victims.
We must sit down.
We must sleep at least eight hours a day.
We must sleep at least seven hours a day.
We must sleep outside today.
We must sow the seeds of mutual understanding.
We must speak.
We must spray them with cold water.
We must stand in line or return tomorrow.
We must stand together to combat the scourge of dehumanization and racism.
We must stand up for our rights.
We must stand up for what's right.
We must start at once.
We must start at the beginning.
We must start immediately.
We must start now.
We must start right now.
We must start the impeachment process as soon as possible, if there's any hope of it succeeding.
We must stay hidden.
We must stay perfectly calm.
We must stay together.
We must stick together.
We must still be very careful.
We must stock up for the winter.
We must stop Mary before she hurts herself.
We must stop Tom and Mary before they hurt themselves.
We must stop Tom before he hurts himself.
We must stop Tom before he kills himself.
We must stop Tom from doing that.
We must stop Tom.
We must stop her.
We must stop him from doing such stupid things.
We must stop incitement of the weak.
We must stop that madman.
We must stop the others.
We must stop the ridiculous imbalance where politicians and sports stars can apparently get tested, but frontline health workers cannot. The criteria must be consistent.
We must stop the war.
We must stop them.
We must stop this dangerous plague.
We must stop this experiment.
We must stop this right now.
We must stop this.
We must stop urban sprawl and fight against physical segregation while still guaranteeing the right to housing.
We must stop using ozone-depleting chemicals immediately.
We must stop.
We must strengthen our alliance.
We must strengthen our economy.
We must strengthen the ties between our countries.
We must strike while the iron is hot.
We must strive to do better.
We must strive to exceed clients' expectations.
We must study English every day.
We must study English.
We must study harder.
We must study the affair as a whole.
We must succeed.
We must suffer to be beautiful.
We must summon a spirit.
We must support the Lebanese who have marched and bled for democracy, and the Israelis and Palestinians who seek a secure and lasting peace.
We must surrender them all.
We must survive no matter what happens.
We must survive, regardless of what happens.
We must suspect that last night a criminal broke into the house.
We must take a firm stand on this matter.
We must take a taxi to the station, Tom.
We must take all possible precautions.
We must take care of our planet, the earth.
We must take care of ourselves.
We must take care of the elderly.
We must take care that we don't go too near to the fairy's castle.
We must take from Cesar what does not belong to him.
We must take good care of ourselves.
We must take his illness into consideration before marking his exam.
We must take his youth into account.
We must take into account the fact that he is young.
We must take into account the fact that she is old.
We must take into account the wishes of all the family in planning a trip.
We must take it seriously.
We must take matters in our own hands.
We must take measures to prevent traffic accidents.
We must take our pet into account when we make a trip.
We must take protective measures against floods.
We must take that chance.
We must take that risk.
We must take the offensive.
We must take things as they are.
We must take this matter into account as a whole.
We must take this opportunity.
We must talk first.
We must talk her out of this foolish plan.
We must talk it over.
We must talk privately.
We must talk to you about Tom.
We must talk.
We must teach children to work.
We must tear down this house.
We must tell Tom.
We must tell everybody what happened.
We must tell him about it.
We must tell him truth.
We must tell the truth.
We must think about friends.
We must think about peaceful uses of atomic energy.
We must think about recycling energy.
We must think about the care of old people.
We must think about the community.
We must think about these plans in terms of what they would cost.
We must think further about public morality.
We must think of another plan.
We must think of our children and grand-children.
We must think of something else.
We must think over the issues carefully.
We must toast.
We must treasure nature more.
We must treat others with sincerity.
We must treat these problems as a whole.
We must trust each other, Tom.
We must trust each other.
We must trust misogynists as much as we can trust the weather.
We must trust our guide.
We must trust women as much as we can trust the weather.
We must try again.
We must try again. Come with me and don't be afraid.
We must try and get some help for Tom.
We must try and get some help from Tom.
We must try not to be repetitive.
We must try our best lest we should lose the next game.
We must try to be kind to other people.
We must try to be kind to others.
We must try to break the deadlock.
We must try to bring down costs.
We must try to conserve our natural resources.
We must try to determine the best course of action.
We must try to find somebody to help Tom.
We must try to find someone to help Tom.
We must try to make the best of it.
We must try to preserve the remains of ancient civilizations.
We must try to protect the environment.
We must try.
We must turn back.
We must turn our words into action.
We must understand each other.
We must unite with the proletariat of all the capitalist countries, with the proletariat of Japan, Britain, the United States, Germany, Italy and all other capitalist countries, before it is possible to overthrow imperialism, to liberate our nation and people, and to liberate the other nations and peoples of the world.
We must uphold family traditions.
We must uphold the law at all times.
We must vacate the house before next month.
We must vanquish our enemies.
We must vanquish our foes.
We must vanquish our opponents.
We must wait for a few weeks to see the lilacs.
We must wait for a table.
We must wait for them.
We must wait here.
We must wait until the train has passed.
We must wait.
We must wake them up now.
We must warn Tom.
We must warn her.
We must warn him.
We must warn them.
We must wash all these dirty plates.
We must wash our hands.
We must wash the floor.
We must water the flower.
We must wear a helmet when we are on a motorcycle.
We must win at all costs.
We must win at any cost.
We must win this game.
We must win this war.
We must withdraw.
We must work as long as we live.
We must work faster.
We must work for at least three hours.
We must work hard for money.
We must work hard for what we want in life.
We must work hard to break down social barriers.
We must work hard to complete the project.
We must work hard to finish this task before Friday.
We must work hard to make up for lost time.
We must work hard to promote world peace.
We must work hard.
We must work harder.
We must work now.
We must work to close the gender pay gap.
We must work together to build a better world.
We must work together.
We must work up a reputation.
We must've been followed.
We must've been wrong.
We must've blown a fuse.
We must've made a mistake.
We must've missed each other.
We must've missed something.
We must've taken the wrong road.
We must, and we should do our best to make the deadlines. They are there, but it is not the end of the world if we should miss some deadlines.
We must, first of all, be careful of our health.
We must, he said, stop at the first house we came to and beg a night's lodging, since upon no account dared he proceed towards home at the risk of laming the horse.
We mustn't add wood to this fire.
We mustn't be late.
We mustn't burn our forest, because it is the source of the oxygen we breathe.
We mustn't complain!
We mustn't do that.
We mustn't forget that they're arriving at 8 o'clock.
We mustn't forget their sports gear.
We mustn't give up hope.
We mustn't give way to these impudent demands.
We mustn't joke around with love.
We mustn't let on that we're lacking evidence.
We mustn't let such a golden opportunity slip.
We mustn't let this news get out.
We mustn't make too much of this incident.
We mustn't put our heads in the sand now.
We mustn't stay indifferent.
We mustn't tell anyone.
We mustn't waste our energy resources.
We mustn't waste our energy stocks.
We mustn't waste time - we have to do something!
We mustn't yield to these disgraceful commands.
We mustn’t be late.
We mustn’t destroy nature on Earth if we want to survive as humankind. We must preserve it.
We mustn’t give way to these impudent demands.
We mustn’t make too much of this incident.
We mustn’t waste our energy resources.
We mustn’t waste our energy stocks.
We must’ve taken the wrong road.
We named him Thomas after his grandfather.
We named my son after my grandfather.
We named our cats Tom and Jerry.
We named our dog Cookie.
We named our dog Rex.
We named our dog White.
We named our oldest son after my grandfather.
We named our only son Tom after my grandfather.
We named our only son after my grandfather.
We named our ship "Agaraw" after the Berber word for ocean.
We named that dog White.
We named the boat the Half Moon.
We named the cat Cookie.
We named the cat Mimi.
We named the dog Cookie.
We named the dog Pochi.
We named the dog Tim.
We named the dog White.
We narrowly missed the accident.
We naturally got excited.
We naturally take pride in the old temples of our country.
We naturally tend to think that beautiful people are good.
We naturally tend to think that beautiful people are smarter.
We naturally tend towards pleasure.
We navigate the journey together, finding strength in each other.
We navigate through established boundaries.
We neared the door.
We nearly always excuse what we can understand.
We nearly had an accident when the car brakes jammed.
We nearly missed the train.
We nearly starved.
We need $300,000 in unmarked bills.
We need 300 pounds of potatoes for the party.
We need BBQ skewers.
We need God's guidance.
We need Islamic teachers.
We need NÄhuatl speakers! Only NÄhuatl speakers can be sacrificed to HuitzilopÅchtli!
We need Nāhuatl speakers! Only Nāhuatl speakers can be sacrificed to Huitzilopōchtli!
We need Silya.
We need Tom back.
We need Tom on our team.
We need Tom out here.
We need Tom to do more of that.
We need Tom's experience.
We need Tom's help.
We need Tom's leadership.
We need Tom's money.
We need Tom's strength now.
We need Tom's support.
We need Tom.
We need a "Keep Algeria Beautiful" campaign.
We need a backup plan.
We need a bailout.
We need a banjo player.
We need a bath.
We need a better plan.
We need a better strategy.
We need a bigger house.
We need a bigger kettle for all this liquid.
We need a bigger office.
We need a bigger refrigerator.
We need a bit more time to prepare.
We need a bottle of juice.
We need a break from each other.
We need a break.
We need a budget for our family.
We need a butter knife.
We need a cab.
We need a campaign slogan that'll really energize the base.
We need a car big enough for the whole family.
We need a car.
We need a carrot, a beet, and broccoli. They need to be raw, not cooked.
We need a challenge.
We need a change of scenery.
We need a change.
We need a clear definition for the concept of human rights.
We need a clear definition of the concept of human rights.
We need a coalition.
We need a completely different way of working.
We need a completely new strategy.
We need a contingency plan.
We need a contract.
We need a coordinated effort.
We need a couple of rafts.
We need a crane to lift this slab.
We need a dark theme.
We need a description of the club so that it can be added to the school handbook.
We need a detailed business plan.
We need a detailed description of what happened.
We need a different approach.
We need a distraction.
We need a diversion.
We need a doctor.
We need a doctor. It's an emergency.
We need a few minutes.
We need a few more minutes.
We need a few more months to iron out the bugs.
We need a few volunteers to help clean up after the party.
We need a few words to express what is essential.
We need a firm quotation by Monday.
We need a fork.
We need a forward-looking leader to make this country great again.
We need a frame for this picture.
We need a free press in Algeria.
We need a fresh supply of tennis balls.
We need a garden hose.
We need a global effort to eliminate plastics from all the world's oceans.
We need a goal in life.
We need a goal.
We need a good business plan.
We need a good leader more so than ever.
We need a good plan.
We need a good school for everyone.
We need a group of people we can rely on.
We need a hand.
We need a hero.
We need a king.
We need a knife for the butter.
We need a ladder.
We need a large amount of coal.
We need a large amount of money for this project.
We need a large corpus of Irish.
We need a larger room.
We need a lawyer.
We need a leader now.
We need a leader.
We need a little more time.
We need a little more.
We need a little rest.
We need a little sugar.
We need a little time alone.
We need a little time to plan.
We need a lot more money than this.
We need a lot more people like Tom.
We need a lot more people like that.
We need a lot of help.
We need a lot of patience when we study.
We need a lot of people there.
We need a lot of practice.
We need a lot of sleep.
We need a maid.
We need a map.
We need a medevac.
We need a medic.
We need a medical team here!
We need a miracle.
We need a monarch.
We need a more viable solution.
We need a new babysitter.
We need a new car.
We need a new director to bring our company together.
We need a new director to unify our company.
We need a new lamp.
We need a new leader to pull our company together.
We need a new leader.
We need a new plan.
We need a new political science for a new world.
We need a new rug.
We need a new secretary.
We need a new set of priorities.
We need a new strategy.
We need a new truck.
We need a new version of capitalism.
We need a nut that will fit that bolt.
We need a pair of dice to play this game.
We need a password to get in.
We need a password to use this computer.
We need a permit to do that.
We need a pitcher, not a belly-itcher.
We need a place to stay for the night.
We need a place to stay the night.
We need a place to stay tonight.
We need a plan B.
We need a plan first.
We need a plan, stat!
We need a plan.
We need a plane.
We need a police officer.
We need a political revolution.
We need a positive result.
We need a press unhampered by government censorship.
We need a publisher first.
We need a queen.
We need a raise.
We need a reality check.
We need a really tough guy.
We need a response.
We need a ride.
We need a safe place to hide.
We need a safety net.
We need a sample in addition to materials.
We need a saw.
We need a sentence that has "Pleiades" in it.
We need a sherpa to help us navigate the new software system.
We need a short face to face, please!
We need a signed receipt.
We need a sovereign.
We need a spirit of enterprise to overcome the difficulty.
We need a square table, not a round one.
We need a square table; not a round one.
We need a steamboat.
We need a strategy to turn the tide now.
We need a strategy.
We need a strong person to lead our nation.
We need a stronger rope.
We need a sturdy fruit picker for the tall pear tree.
We need a substitute for Tom.
We need a surgeon.
We need a table about a meter wide.
We need a taxi to get to the mall.
We need a taxi.
We need a third option.
We need a timekeeper.
We need a tool to open it with.
We need a tour guide.
We need a tow truck.
We need a towel.
We need a translator.
We need a united Palestinian front.
We need a veteran tracker to find the lost child.
We need a victory.
We need a volunteer.
We need a warrant to search Tom Jackson's house.
We need a watchdog.
We need a win badly.
We need a woman able in cooking.
We need a wonder.
We need a yo-yo.
We need about $300,000 to complete this project.
We need about five men to lift these heavy cases.
We need accommodation for six.
We need accommodation.
We need accommodations.
We need accurate data.
We need accurate information.
We need action now, not discussion.
We need action, not words.
We need action.
We need actions, not words.
We need additional staff.
We need additional talented people.
We need affordable child care. We’ve got to raise the minimum wage.
We need air support!
We need all of them.
We need all our young people to know that Clara Barton and Lucretia Mott and Sojourner Truth and Eleanor Roosevelt and Dorothy Height, those aren’t just for Women’s History Month. They’re the authors of our history, women who shaped their destiny.
We need all the chairs available.
We need all the facts.
We need all the food we can get.
We need all the help that we can get.
We need all the help we can get.
We need all the information we can get.
We need all the money we can get.
We need all the practice we can get.
We need all the support we can get.
We need all we can get.
We need an accurate damage report.
We need an adaptor for this new device.
We need an aggressive plan of action.
We need an air force.
We need an ambulance here.
We need an ambulance.
We need an answer.
We need an attorney with experience in unconventional means.
We need an avocado.
We need an electrical engineer for this job.
We need an emergency phone number.
We need an estimate.
We need an expert in green technology.
We need an expert mechanic for this job.
We need an expert.
We need an independent investigation.
We need an interpreter.
We need an intervention.
We need an iron bar.
We need an itemized receipt.
We need another Roosevelt.
We need another chair.
We need another clarinet player.
We need another coat of paint.
We need another day to finish this job.
We need another five minutes.
We need another fork.
We need another member.
We need another person to play cards.
We need another plan.
We need another solution.
We need another three chairs.
We need another three million dollars to complete this project.
We need another two litres of milk.
We need answers.
We need apples, oranges, bread and peanut butter from the supermarket.
We need art and culture in Algeria.
We need assistance immediately.
We need assistance.
We need at least another hour.
We need at least eight hours of sleep a day.
We need at least eight hours of sleep each day.
We need at least one policymaker on the committee to provide the perspective of someone who can help make decisions about the research.
We need authorization.
We need backup now.
We need bandages.
We need better focus.
We need better friends.
We need better support.
We need bird food.
We need blankets.
We need bosses.
We need both.
We need bread and rice.
We need business cards.
We need capital.
We need caregivers to improve the lives of our senior citizens.
We need carrots and tomatoes for the soup.
We need cash.
We need cement and sand.
We need change.
We need cleaner energy sources.
We need cleaner sources of energy.
We need common sense gun policy.
We need common sense policy.
We need common sense regulation.
We need competent leaders.
We need data to answer that question.
We need decentralization.
We need directions.
We need donations of food and clothing to help victims of the disaster.
We need donations.
We need drinking water.
We need each other more now than we ever did before.
We need each other more now.
We need each other right now.
We need each other to survive.
We need each other.
We need emergency assistance.
We need enough food for three people for three days.
We need equal pay for equal work.
We need every available chair.
We need everybody's help.
We need everyone to be patient.
We need everyone's cooperation for this to work.
We need everyone's vote.
We need everything.
We need evidence.
We need example sentences that include slang, casual conversation, and unconventional inflectional endings.
We need exercise.
We need experts.
We need extra help.
We need facts, not opinions.
We need few words to express the essential.
We need few words to express what is essential.
We need fewer pliant journalists, not more.
We need fire.
We need fish and meat.
We need five hundred milliliters of milk.
We need flour and sugar.
We need flour, sugar and eggs to make this cake.
We need food and water.
We need food desperately.
We need food urgently.
We need food, clothes and a home in order to live.
We need food, clothing, and shelter to live.
We need food.
We need for you to tell us what happened.
We need forty students to go on the trip, and right now we only have thirty.
We need freedom of speech in Algeria.
We need fresh air.
We need fresh ideas.
We need glasses.
We need glue.
We need gold.
We need good hygiene.
We need good teachers.
We need government control.
We need great educators to teach our children the math and science skills that will enable them to compete for jobs in the future.
We need guns and ammunition.
We need guys like you.
We need half of the eggs.
We need half the eggs.
We need hats.
We need help bad.
We need help here.
We need help immediately.
We need help in fixing our broken marriage.
We need help in here.
We need help quickly.
We need help right away.
We need help up here.
We need help urgently.
We need help.
We need helpers.
We need her approval to send her this.
We need her help.
We need her support.
We need her.
We need heroes.
We need high-speed rail here.
We need him here like we need a hole in the head.
We need him.
We need his help.
We need his support.
We need hope.
We need horses.
We need information on him.
We need information.
We need inspiration.
We need instructions.
We need it all.
We need it badly.
We need it for our room!
We need it more than they do.
We need it now more than ever.
We need it now.
We need it soon.
We need it to happen fast.
We need it when asleep as well as when awake.
We need it.
We need jobs.
We need justice in Palestine.
We need justice.
We need kings and queens.
We need kings.
We need leaders.
We need leadership.
We need less talk and more action.
We need leverage if we're going to lift this.
We need long-term solutions.
We need lower taxes.
We need lumber to build a barn.
We need many additions to our staff.
We need many other things.
We need many translators.
We need medevac now.
We need medevac.
We need medical supplies.
We need medicine.
We need men like you.
We need mental skills, not manual ones.
We need monarchs.
We need money and we're talking big amounts of money, millions.
We need money first.
We need money for a new building.
We need money so that we can build a new building.
We need money so we can build a new building.
We need money to do anything.
We need money to do that.
We need money to live.
We need money.
We need more Norwegian sentences.
We need more Third Wave schools.
We need more action.
We need more angel hair.
We need more bandages.
We need more beer.
We need more blood.
We need more brandy.
We need more brave soldiers.
We need more bread.
We need more chairs.
We need more chips and dip.
We need more choices.
We need more clients.
We need more coffee and red pencils.
We need more coffee.
We need more cops.
We need more crosswalks.
We need more customers coming into the store.
We need more data.
We need more detailed instructions.
We need more divers.
We need more doctors like you.
We need more doctors.
We need more drinking water.
We need more drivers.
We need more economic data about Algeria.
We need more effective price controls by the Government.
We need more eggs.
We need more employees.
We need more engineers.
We need more enthusiasts.
We need more equipment.
We need more evidence.
We need more examples in Interlingua of exclamations, like "How beautiful!" and "How interesting!"
We need more farmers.
We need more firewood.
We need more flour.
We need more food.
We need more freedom of speech in Algeria.
We need more funding if we're going to finish the project.
We need more guns.
We need more help.
We need more information about this.
We need more information on that.
We need more information.
We need more journalists.
We need more kitty litter.
We need more medical care for infants.
We need more men like Tom working for us.
We need more men.
We need more money if we're going to do that.
We need more money.
We need more nurses.
We need more of that.
We need more of this.
We need more options.
We need more people like Tom helping us.
We need more people like Tom on our team.
We need more people like Tom working for us.
We need more people like Tom.
We need more people like you in our team.
We need more people like you on our team.
We need more people like you.
We need more potatoes.
We need more productivity.
We need more puppy pads.
We need more rain.
We need more room.
We need more security guards.
We need more servants.
We need more skilled caregivers.
We need more soap.
We need more space.
We need more specialists like Tom.
We need more staff.
We need more storage space.
We need more substantial evidence.
We need more sugar.
We need more support.
We need more talented people.
We need more teachers like Mrs. Jackson.
We need more teachers like you.
We need more teachers.
We need more technicians.
We need more than ten cases of beer for our party.
We need more than that.
We need more time for that.
We need more time to come up with a plan.
We need more time to do that.
We need more time.
We need more toilet paper.
We need more tomatoes.
We need more trade agreements.
We need more translators.
We need more truck drivers.
We need more truckers.
We need more volume.
We need more volunteers.
We need more waiters.
We need more waitresses.
We need more water.
We need more workers like you and Tom.
We need more workers.
We need more workmen.
We need more.
We need music.
We need names.
We need new batteries.
We need new blood to rejuvenate our country.
We need new blood.
We need new curtain rods.
We need new curtains.
We need new ideas.
We need new sheets.
We need new shoes.
We need new supplies.
We need new ways to support artists.
We need new words for a changing world.
We need nine people for this game.
We need no more men at present.
We need not attend the meeting.
We need not have eaten breakfast so early.
We need not have hurried.
We need not only adequate water but clean water.
We need not worry.
We need one more chair.
We need one more spoon.
We need one more volunteer to go on a mission to rescue Tom.
We need one of them now.
We need one week to find their hiding place.
We need one.
We need only a few more minutes.
We need open borders.
We need our canes.
We need our coats.
We need our demands to be met.
We need our dictionaries, but we can't find them.
We need our keys.
We need our privacy.
We need oxygen.
We need paid family and sick leave.
We need paint thinner.
We need paint.
We need paper.
We need parental consent.
We need peace and stability first and foremost - these are the most important things.
We need people like Tom.
We need people like that.
We need people like you.
We need people to put more effort into spreading happiness.
We need people to work with us.
We need people who look like you for our movie.
We need people who work on behalf of all.
We need permission.
We need plants in order to live.
We need plates, glasses, knives and forks.
We need points.
We need proof.
We need rain.
We need rest.
We need rulers.
We need rules!
We need rules.
We need set the record straight.
We need several miles of cable.
We need sex.
We need significant improvement.
We need six drink containers.
We need six tickets, two of them are student tickets, here is our student identity card.
We need sleep.
We need soldiers, not monsters.
We need some action.
We need some additional funding.
We need some answers.
We need some clues to understand it.
We need some coaching.
We need some coffee.
We need some collapsible chairs.
We need some discipline.
We need some divers.
We need some formal instruction in literature.
We need some fruit and veg.
We need some help down here.
We need some help here.
We need some help in here.
We need some help.
We need some ice.
We need some info about the town.
We need some jobs.
We need some kind of relief.
We need some light in here.
We need some margin to adjust the plan.
We need some money.
We need some more chairs in the conference room.
We need some more coffee.
We need some more firewood.
We need some more food.
We need some more ice.
We need some more information about that product.
We need some more information.
We need some more time.
We need some more water.
We need some new furniture.
We need some new ideas.
We need some now.
We need some privacy.
We need some relief from the dog farts.
We need some relief from this weather.
We need some space.
We need some supplies and figured that you could get us a good price.
We need some supplies and figured you could get us a good price.
We need some tools.
We need some toothpaste.
We need some volunteers.
We need somebody to do that for us.
We need somebody we can trust.
We need somebody with bold new ideas.
We need somebody.
We need someone famous to narrate the script for our new documentary.
We need someone good.
We need someone in the house to look after her.
We need someone that we can trust.
We need someone to do something.
We need someone to do that for us.
We need someone to help us.
We need someone to keep an eye on our baby while we are away.
We need someone to lead us out of the darkness.
We need someone to slay the dragon.
We need someone to take care of this problem.
We need someone we can trust.
We need someone who has some experience in administration.
We need someone with guts to do it.
We need something a bit more subtle.
We need something to eat.
We need somewhere to stay.
We need space.
We need spending cuts now.
We need standardization.
We need stricter gun laws.
We need strong leaders who are not afraid of standing up to political correctness.
We need strong leaders who are not afraid to stand up to political correctness.
We need stronger gun contol.
We need stronger gun regulations.
We need sugar.
We need supplies.
We need talented people.
We need ten chairs for the meeting.
We need that from Tom.
We need that land.
We need that money.
We need that report by tomorrow.
We need that time.
We need that woman's name.
We need that.
We need the camera tonight.
We need the car to go back home.
We need the car tonight.
We need the certificate.
We need the computer tonight.
We need the hairdryer tonight.
We need the ladder.
We need the laptop tonight.
We need the money to buy more supplies.
We need the money.
We need the original.
We need the police.
We need the rain.
We need the receipt Mr Smith signed.
We need the receipt signed by Mr. Smith.
We need the receipt that Mr. Smith signed.
We need the truck tonight.
We need the truth now.
We need the van tonight.
We need their help.
We need their support.
We need them to help us.
We need them.
We need these thorny shrubs for the fence.
We need this issue resolved.
We need this report by tomorrow.
We need this.
We need those supplies now.
We need those three things.
We need those.
We need three chairs.
We need three cups.
We need three more chairs.
We need three more coffee cups.
We need three more cups.
We need three more desks.
We need three more glasses.
We need three more of these.
We need three more spoons.
We need three more volunteers.
We need three rooms.
We need time to come up with a plan.
We need time to mourn.
We need time to prepare the list.
We need time.
We need to DRY out the code.
We need to accept that.
We need to accept things as they are.
We need to act fast.
We need to act immediately.
We need to act now if we want to avert disaster.
We need to act now.
We need to act on this today.
We need to act quickly.
We need to add information about our products.
We need to add shelves to our store.
We need to add some statistics to the PowerPoint.
We need to address the overcrowding among the refugees immediately otherwise more will die as summer approaches.
We need to address the problem right away.
We need to address the root of the problem.
We need to address the topic of homosexuality.
We need to address these concerns.
We need to address these issues.
We need to address this problem immediately.
We need to address those issues.
We need to adopt harsh measures to tackle the economic crisis.
We need to advance Islamic culture.
We need to advertise on television.
We need to age the cheese for months.
We need to air out the house.
We need to airlift her.
We need to alert a bomb squad.
We need to allow Tom to do that.
We need to always be ready.
We need to amplify their voice.
We need to apologize to Tom.
We need to apply to the bank for a loan.
We need to arrange an ambush and destroy the convoy.
We need to ask Tom for permission.
We need to ask for a new dump truck. This one's full.
We need to ask for more time.
We need to ask questions.
We need to ask some probing questions if we want to get some real information.
We need to ask the teacher.
We need to ask you a few questions, Tom.
We need to ask you a few questions.
We need to ask you about Tom.
We need to ask you some questions.
We need to assert our Islamic values.
We need to assess the credibility of this information.
We need to assess the risks.
We need to assess the situation objectively.
We need to at least try to do that.
We need to attack before sunrise.
We need to attack this problem head-on.
We need to avoid a scandal at all costs.
We need to avoid any further delays.
We need to avoid making the same mistake again.
We need to back off.
We need to band together to beat the enemy.
We need to be a little more efficient.
We need to be a team if we want to win.
We need to be at the airport by 2:30.
We need to be aware of the value of time.
We need to be better prepared.
We need to be better than this.
We need to be careful.
We need to be careful. It may be a trap.
We need to be cautious.
We need to be clear on these things.
We need to be confident, all of us.
We need to be conscious of our energy usage, so let's make it a habit to turn off the lights.
We need to be creative.
We need to be excused.
We need to be extra careful.
We need to be extremely careful.
We need to be extremely cautious.
We need to be going.
We need to be here tomorrow.
We need to be honest.
We need to be more aggressive.
We need to be more aware of what's going on.
We need to be more careful in the future, so this doesn't happen again.
We need to be more careful next time.
We need to be more careful.
We need to be more consistent.
We need to be more like Tom.
We need to be more patient.
We need to be more realistic than that.
We need to be more reasonable.
We need to be more self-sufficient.
We need to be on time.
We need to be open to new ideas.
We need to be optimistic.
We need to be paid more.
We need to be patient.
We need to be precise.
We need to be prepared for disappointment.
We need to be prepared for emergencies.
We need to be prepared for that.
We need to be prepared for the next pandemic.
We need to be prepared for the worst.
We need to be prepared for trouble.
We need to be prepared for what might happen.
We need to be prepared for whatever happens.
We need to be prepared for whatever it is that happens.
We need to be prepared for whatever will happen.
We need to be prepared.
We need to be proactive.
We need to be prudent.
We need to be quick.
We need to be quiet.
We need to be ready by 2:30.
We need to be ready for any emergency.
We need to be ready for any eventuality.
We need to be ready for emergencies.
We need to be ready for whatever happens.
We need to be ready for whatever it is that happens.
We need to be ready for whatever will happen.
We need to be ready to leave at any moment.
We need to be ready to leave by 2:30.
We need to be ready.
We need to be realistic.
We need to be really aggressive.
We need to be really careful.
We need to be really good at science.
We need to be reasonable about this.
We need to be responsible.
We need to be seen as well as heard.
We need to be serious here.
We need to be supportive.
We need to be sure.
We need to be there before 2:30.
We need to be there by 2.30.
We need to be there by 2:30.
We need to be there for them.
We need to be there in time for the start of the event.
We need to be there.
We need to be together.
We need to be tough to survive out there.
We need to be very careful not to break anything.
We need to be very careful not to let anybody hear what we're saying.
We need to be very careful.
We need to be very quiet.
We need to be vigilant.
We need to be warmly welcomed and supported.
We need to be with Tom.
We need to become more efficient.
We need to begin making preparations immediately.
We need to begin our own investigation.
We need to begin this now.
We need to begin.
We need to believe in ourselves.
We need to bide our time.
We need to bind gravel with cement.
We need to borrow this.
We need to brainstorm ideas for the project.
We need to break Cookie's habit of constantly meowing for attention.
We need to break Tom out of jail.
We need to break into that place.
We need to break radio silence.
We need to break their monopoly on the narrative.
We need to break up.
We need to bring our family back together.
We need to brush our teeth.
We need to budget for these expenses.
We need to build a bridge.
We need to build a fire.
We need to build a fort.
We need to build a new type of rocket to go to Mars.
We need to build an app.
We need to burn all these dead branches.
We need to burn all these leaves.
We need to burn all these letters.
We need to burn all this stuff before the police get here.
We need to burn all this stuff.
We need to bury our dog.
We need to buy Tom a gift.
We need to buy Tom a present.
We need to buy Tom some medicine.
We need to buy Tom something.
We need to buy a car.
We need to buy a gift for Tom.
We need to buy a gift for them.
We need to buy a grill.
We need to buy a little time here.
We need to buy a new TV.
We need to buy a new broom.
We need to buy a new carpet for this room.
We need to buy a new rug for this room.
We need to buy a new washing machine.
We need to buy a new water heater.
We need to buy a present for Tom.
We need to buy another bed.
We need to buy another file cabinet for the office.
We need to buy candles for Tom's birthday cake.
We need to buy chains for our car.
We need to buy cheese.
We need to buy curtains.
We need to buy dog food.
We need to buy fruit and vegetables.
We need to buy her a Kabyle dress.
We need to buy her a present.
We need to buy him a present.
We need to buy more dish towels.
We need to buy more food.
We need to buy more things.
We need to buy more toilet paper because it seems we are all out.
We need to buy one more ticket.
We need to buy one of those.
We need to buy one.
We need to buy ourselves more time.
We need to buy some air freshener for this room.
We need to buy some dog food.
We need to buy some eggs.
We need to buy some food for our party.
We need to buy some food.
We need to buy some fruit and veg.
We need to buy some loo paper; there soon won't be any left.
We need to buy some medicine for Tom.
We need to buy some more chicken feed.
We need to buy some more food.
We need to buy some more toilet paper.
We need to buy some new equipment.
We need to buy some stinky cheese.
We need to buy some time.
We need to buy some toilet paper.
We need to buy some toothpaste.
We need to buy some towels.
We need to buy some vegetables.
We need to buy something for Tom.
We need to buy stamps.
We need to buy them presents.
We need to buy three more tickets.
We need to buy time.
We need to buy vinegar.
We need to call Tom.
We need to call a plumber.
We need to call a wildlife rehabilitator.
We need to call an ambulance.
We need to call our lawyer.
We need to call people back to the essense of Islam.
We need to call someone.
We need to call the authorities right away.
We need to call the police.
We need to call time on coal.
We need to calm down.
We need to cancel our reservation.
We need to cancel our trip to Australia.
We need to cancel the meeting.
We need to capture that base.
We need to care for our planet.
We need to care for ourselves.
We need to care of ourselves.
We need to carefully consider the risks before attempting to do anything.
We need to catch him before he goes on that plane.
We need to catch up.
We need to celebrate our diversity.
We need to centralize the powers to create a better way of life.
We need to change a few things.
We need to change an Internet where women are routinely harassed and threatened when they go online.
We need to change clothes.
We need to change course.
We need to change direction.
We need to change more than that.
We need to change now.
We need to change our clothes.
We need to change our current strategy.
We need to change our shirts.
We need to change our tactics.
We need to change over to a different system of participation.
We need to change some of these rules.
We need to change that.
We need to change the attitude that punishes women for their sexuality but gives men a pat on the back for theirs.
We need to change the lock.
We need to change the system.
We need to change things up in this house.
We need to change this system.
We need to change this.
We need to change trains at the next station.
We need to change your bandage.
We need to change.
We need to charge our cell phones.
We need to charge our phones.
We need to chat soon.
We need to check into that.
We need to check it.
We need to check on Tom.
We need to check our schedules.
We need to check something out.
We need to check the inventory, I think we are missing a lot of things.
We need to check the stock, and make sure that we have enough inventory.
We need to check this report for accuracy.
We need to check to make sure that Tom did that.
We need to check what the law says about this.
We need to check.
We need to cheer Tom up.
We need to chop down forests.
We need to clarify a few details.
We need to clean our chimney.
We need to clean our house.
We need to clean out this closet.
We need to clean the camp site before we leave.
We need to clean the car.
We need to clean the carpet.
We need to clean the chimney.
We need to clean the house.
We need to clean the kitchen.
We need to clean the whole flat.
We need to clean this room.
We need to clean up after ourselves.
We need to clean up this mess.
We need to clean up.
We need to clear the debris from the road.
We need to clear the debris off the road.
We need to close loopholes that allow corporations and wealthy individuals to avoid paying their fair share of taxes through tax havens and tax avoidance, trillions of dollars that could be going towards pressing needs like education and health care and infrastructure.
We need to close the border immediately.
We need to close the border.
We need to collect information.
We need to collect more data.
We need to colonize Mars.
We need to colonize other planets.
We need to come back to reason.
We need to come to an agreement with the owner of the apartment.
We need to come to an agreement.
We need to come together in these times of crisis.
We need to come up with a better idea.
We need to come up with a better plan than this one.
We need to come up with a better plan than this.
We need to come up with a good plan.
We need to come up with a list of people who are willing to volunteer.
We need to come up with a new plan.
We need to come up with a new strategy.
We need to come up with a plan, and fast.
We need to come up with a plan.
We need to come up with a really cool name for our band.
We need to come up with a response.
We need to come up with a solution.
We need to come up with a way to fix this problem.
We need to come up with a way to solve this problem.
We need to come up with another plan.
We need to come up with some better ideas.
We need to come up with some ideas on how to solve this problem.
We need to come up with some more ideas.
We need to come up with some new ideas.
We need to come up with something else.
We need to come up with something, and fast.
We need to comfort Tom.
We need to communicate with each other.
We need to concentrate on coming up with a new plan.
We need to concentrate.
We need to conduct more experiments.
We need to confiscate their weapons.
We need to connect this cable to the generator.
We need to conquer that base.
We need to conserve ammo.
We need to conserve ammunition.
We need to conserve energy, so lights off, please.
We need to conserve our strength.
We need to conserve water.
We need to consider Tom's feelings.
We need to consider Tom's plan, too.
We need to consider doing that.
We need to consider other options.
We need to consider our future.
We need to consider the alternatives.
We need to consider the costs.
We need to consider this proposal carefully.
We need to consolidate the access control code.
We need to contact Tom's parents.
We need to contact Tom.
We need to continue doing this.
We need to control the river to build the dam.
We need to convince Tom to come.
We need to convince Tom to tell the truth.
We need to convince Tom.
We need to cooperate.
We need to corral the cattle before sunset.
We need to correct our aim.
We need to correct these mistakes.
We need to correct these problems.
We need to correct those mistaken assumptions.
We need to create more jobs.
We need to cross the border.
We need to cross the bridge.
We need to cross the river.
We need to cross this swamp.
We need to cross to the other side, but there isn't a bridge near by.
We need to cut Tom some slack.
We need to cut back on spending.
We need to cut costs.
We need to cut down operating costs.
We need to cut down this apple tree.
We need to cut red tape.
We need to cut some sick leaves so that the rest stay healthy.
We need to cut spending.
We need to cut to the chase.
We need to cut wasteful spending.
We need to deal with reality and we're not doing that.
We need to deal with that on our own.
We need to deal with that problem today.
We need to deal with the problem before it gets any worse.
We need to deal with this now.
We need to deal with this problem right now.
We need to deal with this problem together.
We need to debate without resorting to violence.
We need to decide before tomorrow.
We need to decide on a name for our team.
We need to decide today.
We need to decide what needs to be done.
We need to decide what to do next.
We need to decide what to do.
We need to decide what we'll do tomorrow.
We need to decide what we're going to do soon.
We need to decide what's important and what isn't.
We need to decide what's important and what's unimportant.
We need to decide when to do that.
We need to decide when we'll move.
We need to decide whether to accept or reject your request.
We need to decide whether to intervene.
We need to decide who'll go first.
We need to declutter our apartment.
We need to declutter our home.
We need to declutter our house.
We need to deconstruct the United States.
We need to defeat corruption in Algeria.
We need to defend Taiwan's sovereignty.
We need to defend our Islamic values.
We need to defend ourselves.
We need to defend the Berber language.
We need to defend the rights of the Sahrawi people.
We need to defrost our refrigerator.
We need to denounce this.
We need to destroy all of your belongings.
We need to destroy everything that belongs to you.
We need to destroy the shield generator.
We need to destroy the threat of vampires and demons once and for all.
We need to destroy this tape.
We need to develop a marketing plan.
We need to develop a new kind of energy.
We need to develop a scientific basis to understand how this works.
We need to develop exoskeletons that can help disabled people.
We need to devise a plan.
We need to dig a little deeper.
We need to dig a trench.
We need to dig deeper.
We need to dig the truck out of the mud.
We need to discuss it later.
We need to discuss many things.
We need to discuss something with Tom.
We need to discuss that with Tom.
We need to discuss that.
We need to discuss the pith of the matter.
We need to discuss the situation.
We need to discuss this further.
We need to discuss this right away.
We need to discuss this with Tom.
We need to discuss this with the director tete-a-tete.
We need to discuss this.
We need to discuss.
We need to dismantle this.
We need to dispose of these chemicals properly.
We need to disseminate knowledge.
We need to distinguish right from wrong.
We need to distinguish what a sentence could mean from what it actually does mean when used by one particular speaker on one particular occasion.
We need to do a better job.
We need to do better next time.
We need to do better than that.
We need to do better than this next time.
We need to do better than this.
We need to do better.
We need to do both.
We need to do it before Tom comes.
We need to do it immediately.
We need to do it now.
We need to do it right away.
We need to do it right now.
We need to do it soon.
We need to do it today.
We need to do more tests.
We need to do more than that.
We need to do more to reduce gun violence.
We need to do more.
We need to do our best to prevent the truck from getting bogged down.
We need to do our best.
We need to do our duty.
We need to do our homework.
We need to do our own investigation.
We need to do some research.
We need to do something about it.
We need to do something about that before tomorrow.
We need to do something about that.
We need to do something about this problem.
We need to do something about this right away.
We need to do something about this situation.
We need to do something about this soon.
We need to do something about this.
We need to do something quickly.
We need to do something to take our minds off our problems.
We need to do something.
We need to do that again.
We need to do that as soon as possible.
We need to do that as soon as we can.
We need to do that before Tom and Mary get here.
We need to do that before Tom gets here.
We need to do that before it's too late.
We need to do that better next time.
We need to do that by 2:30.
We need to do that immediately.
We need to do that next.
We need to do that now.
We need to do that right away.
We need to do that right now.
We need to do that soon.
We need to do that this week.
We need to do that today.
We need to do that while we still can.
We need to do that, too.
We need to do that.
We need to do the important things first.
We need to do the same.
We need to do things differently.
We need to do this again.
We need to do this as fast as we can.
We need to do this in the bathroom.
We need to do this more often.
We need to do this now.
We need to do this ourselves.
We need to do this quickly.
We need to do this report again.
We need to do this right.
We need to do this very carefully.
We need to do this.
We need to do what we can.
We need to do what we need to do.
We need to do what's necessary.
We need to document everything.
We need to double Algeria's GDP.
We need to drain our swimming pool.
We need to drop the dog off at the kennel.
We need to dust the desk.
We need to dust the table.
We need to earn the public's support.
We need to eat healthier food.
We need to eat in order to live.
We need to eat now.
We need to eat something.
We need to eat.
We need to educate non-Muslims on what Islam truly is.
We need to educate our children.
We need to employ a new strategy.
We need to encourage more research in the field of alternative medicine.
We need to end this now.
We need to enforce the law.
We need to escape.
We need to establish some ground rules.
We need to evacuate the airport.
We need to evacuate the building immediately.
We need to evacuate the building.
We need to exercise more caution.
We need to exercise more.
We need to exercise.
We need to expand capitalism.
We need to expand the base.
We need to explain everything to Tom.
We need to explain ourselves.
We need to explain that to Tom.
We need to explore all possible cures for cancer.
We need to expose the government cover-up of the UFO phenomenon.
We need to expropriate the collaborators in order to fill the war chest back up.
We need to extinguish that fire.
We need to face reality.
We need to familiarize the ducks with the noise of the aircraft.
We need to feed Tom.
We need to feed the dog.
We need to feed these hungry children.
We need to fight against women's oppression.
We need to fight for what's right.
We need to figure it out.
We need to figure out a way to do that.
We need to figure out a way to get this done before Monday.
We need to figure out a way to pay all these bills.
We need to figure out a way to solve this problem.
We need to figure out how to apportion the food.
We need to figure out how to deal with this problem.
We need to figure out how to do that.
We need to figure out if it's gossip or gospel.
We need to figure out our next move.
We need to figure out what Tom wants us to do.
We need to figure out what Tom wants.
We need to figure out what needs to be done.
We need to figure out what our next move should be.
We need to figure out what to do.
We need to figure out what went wrong.
We need to figure out what works and what doesn't work.
We need to figure out what works and what doesn’t work.
We need to figure out what's going on.
We need to figure out what's wrong.
We need to figure this out on our own.
We need to figure this out.
We need to fill as many buckets with water as we can, because the water is being cut off.
We need to fill up at the next gas station.
We need to fill up at the next petrol station.
We need to find Tom and tell him what happened.
We need to find Tom as quickly as we can.
We need to find Tom before Mary does.
We need to find Tom before he does something stupid.
We need to find Tom before the police do.
We need to find Tom fast.
We need to find Tom now.
We need to find Tom right away.
We need to find Tom tonight.
We need to find Tom.
We need to find a better solution.
We need to find a car.
We need to find a donor soon.
We need to find a good hiding place.
We need to find a good place to hide.
We need to find a good place to pitch our tent.
We need to find a hotel.
We need to find a husband for Mary.
We need to find a more efficient way to do this.
We need to find a mosque.
We need to find a new babysitter.
We need to find a new place soon.
We need to find a petrol station.
We need to find a place to hide this money.
We need to find a place to hide.
We need to find a place to stay.
We need to find a replacement for Tom.
We need to find a replacement for him.
We need to find a safe place for Tom.
We need to find a safe place to hide.
We need to find a safe place to put this.
We need to find a safe place.
We need to find a solution as soon as possible.
We need to find a solution quickly.
We need to find a solution soon.
We need to find a solution to that problem.
We need to find a solution to this problem.
We need to find a solution.
We need to find a substitute drummer. Our drummer is too sick to play tonight.
We need to find a way out of here.
We need to find a way out of this mess.
We need to find a way out of this predicament.
We need to find a way out of this situation.
We need to find a way out.
We need to find a way to do that.
We need to find a way to eliminate him so that he doesn't tell on us.
We need to find a way to escape.
We need to find a way to get off this island.
We need to find a way to get out of here.
We need to find a way to get this done.
We need to find a way to help Tom.
We need to find a way to protect ourselves.
We need to find a way to prove that.
We need to find a way to reduce costs.
We need to find a way to reduce the number of accidents that happen here.
We need to find a way to solve this problem.
We need to find a way to stop Tom.
We need to find alternatives.
We need to find an antidote.
We need to find an effective method.
We need to find another way out of here.
We need to find another way to do this.
We need to find another way to make ends meet.
We need to find cover!
We need to find edible leaves.
We need to find evidence to prove Tom's innocence.
We need to find evidence to prove that Tom is innocent.
We need to find evidence.
We need to find her right away.
We need to find her tonight.
We need to find her.
We need to find him right away.
We need to find him tonight.
We need to find him.
We need to find it in a hurry.
We need to find it.
We need to find jobs.
We need to find new jobs.
We need to find new people to work in the kitchen.
We need to find our place in the world.
We need to find our way out this cave.
We need to find ourselves a better way to do this.
We need to find out how many people are planning to go with us.
We need to find out if Tom and Mary are planning on helping us.
We need to find out if Tom and Mary are planning to help us.
We need to find out if Tom can speak French.
We need to find out if Tom is planning on helping us.
We need to find out if Tom is planning to help us.
We need to find out more about this girl.
We need to find out the truth.
We need to find out what Tom and Mary are up to.
We need to find out what Tom and Mary want.
We need to find out what Tom is planning to buy.
We need to find out what Tom is up to.
We need to find out what Tom plans to do.
We need to find out what Tom said to Mary about this.
We need to find out what Tom wants to do.
We need to find out what Tom wants to eat.
We need to find out what Tom wants.
We need to find out what caused the problem.
We need to find out what happened to Tom.
We need to find out what happened to the plane.
We need to find out what happened.
We need to find out what it is.
We need to find out what needs to be done.
We need to find out what time Tom will be arriving.
We need to find out what time we're supposed to be there.
We need to find out what we need to do next.
We need to find out what we're supposed to do.
We need to find out what's wrong with Tom.
We need to find out when Tom plans to be here.
We need to find out where Mary wants us to meet her.
We need to find out where Tom and Mary are hiding.
We need to find out where Tom and Mary want us to meet them.
We need to find out where Tom is hiding.
We need to find out where Tom is.
We need to find out where Tom lives.
We need to find out where Tom wants us to meet him.
We need to find out where Tom was born.
We need to find out where Tom works.
We need to find out where he's hiding.
We need to find out where it is.
We need to find out where she is.
We need to find out where they are.
We need to find out who did this.
We need to find out who drove that car.
We need to find out who he is and who he's working for.
We need to find out why that happened.
We need to find some good loam if we want to grow enough food to live on.
We need to find some kind of solution.
We need to find some way across this river.
We need to find some way to do that.
We need to find somebody to help Tom.
We need to find somebody to help us.
We need to find somebody who can help us.
We need to find someone to help Tom.
We need to find someone to help us.
We need to find someone who can take care of our children.
We need to find someone who can take care of this problem.
We need to find someone who's more qualified.
We need to find something to eat.
We need to find somewhere to hide.
We need to find the car.
We need to find the north.
We need to find the time to do that.
We need to find them right away.
We need to find them tonight.
We need to find them.
We need to find three volunteers.
We need to find what's inside these boxes.
We need to find work.
We need to finish before nightfall.
We need to finish doing this before Tom gets here.
We need to finish doing this before nightfall.
We need to finish doing this by 2:30.
We need to finish doing this by the end of October.
We need to finish everything before Monday morning.
We need to finish it.
We need to finish packing.
We need to finish painting our house.
We need to finish shearing the sheep before dark.
We need to finish the job.
We need to finish the project as soon as possible.
We need to finish this before 3:00 p.m.
We need to finish this before Tom and Mary get here.
We need to finish this before Tom gets here.
We need to finish this before the Christmas break.
We need to finish this before we can go home.
We need to finish this for the contest.
We need to finish this job before the weekend.
We need to finish this job by noon.
We need to finish this project as soon as possible.
We need to finish this project before October.
We need to finish this project by the end of the month.
We need to finish this.
We need to finish what we started.
We need to finish what we've started.
We need to fix it.
We need to fix our own problems first.
We need to fix that problem as soon as possible.
We need to fix that problem right away.
We need to fix that problem right now.
We need to fix that problem today?
We need to fix that problem.
We need to fix that.
We need to fix the fridge.
We need to fix the light switch.
We need to fix the radio before dark.
We need to fix the refrigerator.
We need to fix the roof.
We need to fix these problems.
We need to fix this glitch.
We need to fix this problem now.
We need to fix this problem right away.
We need to fix this problem.
We need to fix this.
We need to fix those problems.
We need to fix what's wrong.
We need to flatten the curve.
We need to focus on just one thing.
We need to focus on one thing at a time.
We need to focus on one thing.
We need to focus on our long-term goals.
We need to focus on our strengths.
We need to focus on the effort of reintroducing extinct species.
We need to focus.
We need to follow Islamic rules.
We need to follow Tom.
We need to follow her.
We need to follow him.
We need to follow our hearts.
We need to follow them.
We need to follow traffic rules.
We need to forget that.
We need to form a unified front against the enemies of Algeria.
We need to formalize our plans for the gala.
We need to gather everyone together.
We need to gather the facts first.
We need to get Algeria off this economic crisis.
We need to get Tom home.
We need to get Tom out of here.
We need to get Tom some help.
We need to get Tom to a hospital immediately.
We need to get Tom to change his mind.
We need to get Tom to the hospital immediately.
We need to get Tom to the hospital right away.
We need to get Tom to the hospital.
We need to get a bidet.
We need to get a blood sample.
We need to get a divorce.
We need to get a hold of Tom.
We need to get aid to those who need it.
We need to get along somehow.
We need to get an early start tomorrow.
We need to get answers.
We need to get as close as we can.
We need to get away from Tom.
We need to get away from here.
We need to get away from them.
We need to get away from this place.
We need to get away.
We need to get back before it gets too late.
We need to get back home.
We need to get back into shape.
We need to get back to Boston tonight.
We need to get back to the basics.
We need to get back to work.
We need to get better.
We need to get by with what we've got.
We need to get closer to Tom.
We need to get cracking.
We need to get down and hide.
We need to get down to business.
We need to get going.
We need to get groceries.
We need to get haircuts.
We need to get help.
We need to get her out of here.
We need to get her some help.
We need to get him out of here.
We need to get him some help.
We need to get home before 2:30.
We need to get home by 2:30.
We need to get home fast.
We need to get home.
We need to get in there.
We need to get in touch with Tom's parents.
We need to get in touch with Tom.
We need to get it done before tomorrow.
We need to get jobs.
We need to get more clients in this.
We need to get more exercise.
We need to get more food.
We need to get more information first.
We need to get more signatures on this petition.
We need to get more water.
We need to get off at the next stop.
We need to get one of those.
We need to get one, too.
We need to get one.
We need to get our act together.
We need to get our car washed.
We need to get our house painted.
We need to get our house repainted.
We need to get our priorities right.
We need to get our priorities straight.
We need to get our visas renewed.
We need to get out more.
We need to get out of Boston.
We need to get out of bed before sunrise every day.
We need to get out of here as fast as possible.
We need to get out of here as soon as possible.
We need to get out of here immediately.
We need to get out of here now!
We need to get out of here now.
We need to get out of here quickly.
We need to get out of here right away.
We need to get out of here right now.
We need to get out of here right way.
We need to get out of here.
We need to get out of the plane.
We need to get out of their way now.
We need to get out of town fast.
We need to get outside of this office if we want some sunlight.
We need to get over this.
We need to get paid.
We need to get ready to leave.
We need to get ready.
We need to get rid of Tom.
We need to get rid of all this junk.
We need to get rid of all this stuff.
We need to get rid of her.
We need to get rid of him.
We need to get rid of that.
We need to get rid of the guards.
We need to get rid of them.
We need to get some air.
We need to get some food.
We need to get some help.
We need to get some loo paper; we soon won't have any left.
We need to get some medical supplies.
We need to get some more food.
We need to get some more water.
We need to get some rest.
We need to get some sleep.
We need to get someone to mow our lawn.
We need to get something done.
We need to get something for Tom.
We need to get started.
We need to get that back.
We need to get that book back from Tom.
We need to get that fixed.
We need to get that point across.
We need to get the hedge trimmed.
We need to get the job done.
We need to get the light switch fixed.
We need to get the mosque painted.
We need to get the situation under control.
We need to get the window fixed.
We need to get them out of here.
We need to get them some help.
We need to get there as soon as we can.
We need to get there before 2:30.
We need to get there by 2:30.
We need to get there early to bag a seat in the front row.
We need to get there early.
We need to get things better organized.
We need to get things right.
We need to get this bullet out.
We need to get this carpet cleaned.
We need to get this done before the end of the week.
We need to get this done before tomorrow.
We need to get this done before we can go home.
We need to get this done by 2:30.
We need to get this done by tomorrow.
We need to get this done now.
We need to get this done.
We need to get this hatch open.
We need to get this lorry unloaded before the rain starts.
We need to get this one right.
We need to get this room ready for the meeting.
We need to get this safe open.
We need to get this straight out of the way.
We need to get this truck unloaded before it starts raining.
We need to get this truck unloaded before lunch.
We need to get this truck unloaded.
We need to get this weighed.
We need to get this work done by tomorrow.
We need to get those guys out of the water.
We need to get to hospital.
We need to get to the airport.
We need to get to the bottom of this.
We need to get to the point.
We need to get to the root of the problem.
We need to get to the wedding.
We need to get to work.
We need to get together soon.
We need to get up early tomorrow.
We need to get used to doing this.
We need to get vegan sour cream.
We need to get you home.
We need to get you out of here.
We need to get you some help.
We need to get you to a hospital.
We need to get you to hospital.
We need to get you to the hospital.
We need to give Tom a choice.
We need to give Tom some space.
We need to give Tom something to do.
We need to give Tom this package.
We need to give back to our communities.
We need to give back to our community.
We need to give it back.
We need to give our brains some stimulation.
We need to give people hope.
We need to give people some hope.
We need to give something to Tom.
We need to give students positive reinforcement.
We need to give students the tools they need to communicate in a foreign language, not simply teach them rote phrases.
We need to give the rota to human resources.
We need to give them priority.
We need to give them right of way.
We need to give this idea a chance.
We need to give this package to Tom.
We need to go after drinking.
We need to go back in.
We need to go back to Boston.
We need to go back to the drawing board.
We need to go back.
We need to go clean the playground.
We need to go faster.
We need to go home.
We need to go into town.
We need to go now.
We need to go on a diet.
We need to go out with each other more often.
We need to go outside.
We need to go right at the next junction.
We need to go right at the next turn.
We need to go right now.
We need to go shopping.
We need to go there ourselves.
We need to go there today.
We need to go there.
We need to go to Australia to help Tom.
We need to go to Australia with Tom.
We need to go to Boston to help Tom.
We need to go to Boston with Tom.
We need to go to Boston.
We need to go to Kabylie.
We need to go to bed early today, okay?
We need to go to the bank.
We need to go to the drugstore to buy Tom some medicine.
We need to go to the drugstore to buy some medicine for Tom.
We need to go to the store for food.
We need to go to where the kids are.
We need to go visit Tom in the hospital.
We need to go with Tom.
We need to go.
We need to grab the bull by the horns.
We need to handle this in a lawful manner.
We need to have Tom on our side.
We need to have a chat in private.
We need to have a contract.
We need to have a discussion about this.
We need to have a family meeting.
We need to have a little chat with Tom.
We need to have a little talk.
We need to have a lot of money for a good life.
We need to have a proper clear-out here.
We need to have a serious conversation about that.
We need to have a serious conversation.
We need to have a serious discussion.
We need to have a serious talk.
We need to have a strong Algeria and in order to have a strong Algeria, we need to have a strong military.
We need to have a talk, Tom.
We need to have a talk.
We need to have a word with Tom.
We need to have justice in Palestine.
We need to have more conversations in Berber.
We need to have the room.
We need to have the septic tank pumped.
We need to have this ready by the twentieth.
We need to have this researched by a biologist.
We need to head for the shore.
We need to head home.
We need to head on home.
We need to hear what happened.
We need to help Tom a little more.
We need to help Tom as much as we can.
We need to help Tom right away.
We need to help Tom.
We need to help each other.
We need to help her.
We need to help him.
We need to help more people today more than ever.
We need to help our children cope with peer pressure.
We need to help our parents.
We need to help people who need help.
We need to help them.
We need to help those children.
We need to hide the corpse.
We need to hide.
We need to hire a couple of janitors.
We need to hire a lawyer.
We need to hire a maid.
We need to hire a new manager.
We need to hire a pro.
We need to hire another French teacher.
We need to hire more carpenters.
We need to hire more cooks.
We need to hire more people like Tom.
We need to hire more people.
We need to hire more staff.
We need to hire new workers. The old ones have been fired.
We need to hire people we can trust.
We need to hire somebody who speaks French.
We need to hire someone to take care of this problem.
We need to hire someone who can speak French.
We need to hire someone who speaks French.
We need to hire someone with a little more experience.
We need to hire three more drivers.
We need to hire three more librarians.
We need to hire three welders.
We need to hurry if we want to get there in time.
We need to hurry.
We need to husband our money to buy an apartment on the river bank.
We need to hustle.
We need to ignore them and walk away.
We need to impress Tom.
We need to impress them.
We need to improve a lot if we want to win.
We need to improve our customer service.
We need to improve our products.
We need to improve the corpus together.
We need to improve the lives of regular Algerians.
We need to improve the odds.
We need to improve the policy.
We need to increase dialog between Muslims and non-Muslims.
We need to inform Tom.
We need to inform the president.
We need to institutionalize the testing of organic products.
We need to introduce more stringent security measures.
We need to invest in clean, renewable energy.
We need to invest in new technology.
We need to investigate the matter more closely.
We need to investigate the matter.
We need to isolate Tom.
We need to just go with the flow.
We need to just keep doing what we're doing.
We need to keep Algeria beautiful.
We need to keep Algeria clean and beautiful.
We need to keep Algeria clean.
We need to keep Algeria within the socialist framework.
We need to keep Algiers clean.
We need to keep Algiers's streets clean.
We need to keep Tom from doing that again.
We need to keep Tom from doing that.
We need to keep Tom posted about what's happening.
We need to keep a low profile.
We need to keep accurate records.
We need to keep an eye on that.
We need to keep bacteria out of food.
We need to keep changing a culture that shines a particularly unforgiving light on women and girls of color. About how they look, about how they feel, about what they should or should not do.
We need to keep changing the attitude that prioritizes being confident, competitive, and ambitious in the workplace—unless you’re a woman.
We need to keep changing the attitude that raises our girls to be demure, and our boys to be assertive; that criticizes our daughters for speaking out, and our sons for shedding a tear.
We need to keep doing this.
We need to keep expenses down.
We need to keep fighting on.
We need to keep fighting.
We need to keep getting better at everything.
We need to keep moving.
We need to keep our cities clean.
We need to keep our families fed.
We need to keep our friends close whenever we can.
We need to keep our towels soft and fluffy.
We need to keep searching for Tom.
We need to keep spending under control.
We need to keep taxes low.
We need to keep the lands of Algeria united.
We need to keep the lines of communication open.
We need to keep things afloat.
We need to keep things in perspective.
We need to keep things on an even keel.
We need to keep this a secret.
We need to keep this confidential.
We need to keep trying.
We need to keep up the good work.
We need to keep up with those grades.
We need to keep water flowing to Algerian cities.
We need to kill the ivy roots.
We need to know Yanni's thoughts on Algeria's economy.
We need to know by tomorrow.
We need to know east and west.
We need to know everything about the enemy to be able to hit him.
We need to know everything that you know about Tom.
We need to know everything that you know about the situation.
We need to know everything there is to know about Tom.
We need to know everything you know about Tom.
We need to know exactly what happened to Tom.
We need to know for sure.
We need to know how much water this sponge can absorb.
We need to know how much you owe Tom.
We need to know how you're doing that.
We need to know if Tom will be present or not.
We need to know if Tom will be present.
We need to know if Tom will be there or not.
We need to know if Tom will be there.
We need to know if Tom will do that or not.
We need to know if Tom will do that.
We need to know if Tom will help us or not.
We need to know if she will be present or not.
We need to know in advance next time this happens.
We need to know more about Tom.
We need to know more about her.
We need to know more about him.
We need to know more about them.
We need to know more about you.
We need to know more.
We need to know that now.
We need to know that we can depend on Tom.
We need to know that.
We need to know the outcome.
We need to know the results.
We need to know the truth.
We need to know truth about Tom.
We need to know we can depend on Tom.
We need to know what Tom knows.
We need to know what Tom looks like.
We need to know what happened to Tom.
We need to know what happened.
We need to know what to do next.
We need to know what we should tell Tom.
We need to know what we're supposed to do on Monday.
We need to know what we're supposed to do.
We need to know what's causing this.
We need to know what's going on.
We need to know what's out there.
We need to know where Tom and Mary are now.
We need to know where Tom is now.
We need to know where the enemy is.
We need to know whether Tom will be present or not.
We need to know whether Tom will be there or not.
We need to know whether Tom will do that or not.
We need to know whether Tom will do that.
We need to know whether Tom will help us or not.
We need to know whether it's true or not.
We need to know whether or not Tom will do that.
We need to know who helped Tom.
We need to know who will be selling that to us.
We need to know who you are.
We need to know who's going to be here tomorrow.
We need to know who's going to be there.
We need to know why that happened.
We need to know why you did that.
We need to know why you lied to Tom.
We need to know why you think we should do that.
We need to know why you want to do that.
We need to know your opinion.
We need to know your schedule.
We need to know.
We need to lay low for a while.
We need to lay low.
We need to lay off about thirty employees.
We need to learn Berber this year.
We need to learn Berber.
We need to learn French.
We need to learn a lot of things in our youth.
We need to learn all we can about what happened.
We need to learn from each other.
We need to learn from our mistakes.
We need to learn how to fix our computer.
We need to learn how to grow crops on Mars.
We need to learn how to grow plants on Mars.
We need to learn more about Algeria.
We need to learn more about Islam.
We need to learn more about it.
We need to learn more.
We need to learn not to take ourselves too seriously.
We need to learn to live in harmony with nature.
We need to learn to live in symbiosis with our ecosystem again.
We need to learn to live with what we have.
We need to learn to respect each other more.
We need to learn to restrain ourselves.
We need to learn to treat each other with respect.
We need to learn to work together.
We need to leave Boston.
We need to leave at once.
We need to leave early.
We need to leave here at once.
We need to leave immediately.
We need to leave now.
We need to leave real soon.
We need to leave right now.
We need to leave soon if we want to get to home before dark.
We need to leave soon.
We need to leave today.
We need to leave.
We need to let Tom do that.
We need to let Tom get used to it.
We need to let Tom know what our expectations are.
We need to let Tom know what's going to happen.
We need to let Tom know.
We need to let our students be more creative.
We need to let people know as soon as possible if we decide to cancel the picnic.
We need to let respect lead us.
We need to let the paint dry before we can apply another coat.
We need to let the paint dry first.
We need to live our lives to the fullest, as we are not vegetables!
We need to locate Tom.
We need to lock Tom up.
We need to look at the big picture.
We need to look at the bigger picture.
We need to look at the security tapes.
We need to look back at the history of Islam.
We need to look for a gas station because this car will soon run out of gas.
We need to look for a solution.
We need to look for alternatives.
We need to look for other options.
We need to look for some firewood.
We need to look into that.
We need to look into the matter.
We need to look into this very carefully before we make a decision.
We need to lose a few more pounds.
We need to lose at least ten more pounds.
We need to lose five pounds at least.
We need to lower our expenses.
We need to lower our monthly expenses.
We need to mail Tom these documents.
We need to mail Tom this document.
We need to mail them some stuff.
We need to mail these documents to Tom.
We need to mail this document to Tom.
We need to maintain focus.
We need to make Algeria is very well known around the world.
We need to make Algiers a city that's gonna last.
We need to make Algiers a lasting city.
We need to make Algiers a sustainable city.
We need to make Tom do that.
We need to make a big decision.
We need to make a break for it.
We need to make a clean break.
We need to make a comparison between theory and what happens in practice.
We need to make a copy.
We need to make a decision about that soon.
We need to make a decision by October 20th.
We need to make a decision soon.
We need to make a decision.
We need to make a few sacrifices.
We need to make a fire.
We need to make a good first impression.
We need to make a list of things we need to buy.
We need to make a list of things we need to do.
We need to make a lot of changes.
We need to make a new start.
We need to make a plan.
We need to make a slight detour.
We need to make a survey of local opinion.
We need to make better decisions.
We need to make change.
We need to make changes around here.
We need to make good use of our time.
We need to make good use of the money we've been given.
We need to make good use of this space.
We need to make inquiries about the date of the examination.
We need to make it clear that we don't want Tom to do that.
We need to make it clear what we aren't willing to do.
We need to make it work.
We need to make more money.
We need to make our mosque beautiful.
We need to make sacrifices.
We need to make some adjustments.
We need to make some changes around here.
We need to make some changes.
We need to make some hard choices.
We need to make some improvements.
We need to make some tough decisions.
We need to make sure Mary doesn't hurt herself.
We need to make sure Mary has everything she needs.
We need to make sure Tom and Mary don't hurt themselves.
We need to make sure Tom and Mary have everything they need.
We need to make sure Tom doesn't hurt himself.
We need to make sure Tom has everything he needs.
We need to make sure Tom is ready.
We need to make sure Tom knows how to do that.
We need to make sure Tom knows what to do.
We need to make sure Tom knows.
We need to make sure a mistake like this never happens again.
We need to make sure that Mary doesn't hurt herself.
We need to make sure that Tom and Mary do that.
We need to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that.
We need to make sure that Tom and Mary don't hurt themselves.
We need to make sure that Tom does that.
We need to make sure that Tom doesn't do that.
We need to make sure that Tom doesn't hurt himself.
We need to make sure that Tom knows how to do that.
We need to make sure that Tom knows what to do.
We need to make sure that Tom knows.
We need to make sure that doesn't happen again.
We need to make sure that nobody's in the building before we lock up.
We need to make sure that that doesn't happen again.
We need to make sure that that gets done.
We need to make sure that this doesn't happen again.
We need to make sure that this is true.
We need to make sure that we arrive on time.
We need to make sure that we're all on the same page.
We need to make sure that what Tom told us happened really happened.
We need to make sure that what Tom told us is true.
We need to make sure that what happened in Waco won't happen here, too.
We need to make sure this doesn't happen again.
We need to make sure we arrive on time.
We need to make sure we're ready to leave as soon as Tom arrives.
We need to make sure you are human, What are the first five characters of you email?
We need to make sure you are human. What are the five first letters of your email?
We need to make the change now.
We need to make the most of every opportunity.
We need to make the world a safer place.
We need to make these changes immediately.
We need to make these decisions for ourselves.
We need to make this change immediately.
We need to make this happen.
We need to make those decisions very deliberately.
We need to make up for lost time.
We need to make up for the lost time.
We need to manage things carefully.
We need to maximize this opportunity.
We need to meet as soon as possible.
We need to meet face-to-face.
We need to meet the bare necessities.
We need to meet this virus head-on.
We need to meet up with people who are part of the church.
We need to meet with Tom.
We need to meet with her.
We need to meet with him.
We need to meet with them.
We need to meet with you.
We need to melt cheese for the sandwiches.
We need to minimize the risk of infection.
We need to minimize the risk.
We need to modernize our system.
We need to modify how the clause is written.
We need to move ahead.
We need to move away from fossil fuels towards renewable energy.
We need to move beyond identity politics.
We need to move fast.
We need to move faster.
We need to move forward.
We need to move on.
We need to move out of this house right now.
We need to move quickly.
We need to move slowly.
We need to move to a safer place than here.
We need to negotiate.
We need to nip this in the bud.
We need to notify Tom's parents immediately.
We need to nourish our spirit.
We need to nurture our talents.
We need to obey the laws.
We need to obey the rules.
We need to open up a dialogue.
We need to operate immediately.
We need to organize things better.
We need to pace ourselves.
We need to pay attention to the subtleties.
We need to pay attention.
We need to pay back the money that we owe Tom.
We need to pay back the money we owe Tom.
We need to pay for what we ate.
We need to pay in advance.
We need to pay our bill.
We need to pay our rent by the end of the month.
We need to pay our rent today.
We need to pay our rent.
We need to pay the rent.
We need to pay.
We need to perfect our Berber language skills.
We need to persuade Tom to change his mind.
We need to persuade Tom to come.
We need to persuade Tom to do that.
We need to persuade Tom to rest.
We need to persuade Tom to stay until Mary gets here.
We need to pick Tom up at the station.
We need to pick the figs.
We need to pick up some more propane tanks.
We need to pick up the pace.
We need to plan for the future.
We need to plan the attack carefully.
We need to plant tomatoes as long as there is sun.
We need to play better.
We need to play it cool.
We need to playtest it.
We need to postpone the celebration.
We need to postulate a completely different paradigm to explain all these phenomena.
We need to practice our French.
We need to practice really hard.
We need to practise our French.
We need to pray for Tom.
We need to pray more.
We need to prepare Tom for it.
We need to prepare for that possibility.
We need to prepare for that.
We need to prepare for the worst.
We need to prepare lunch.
We need to prepare ourselves for battle.
We need to present a good image of Algeria abroad.
We need to preserve democracy even with depleted uranium bombs.
We need to preserve our natural resources.
We need to preserve our past.
We need to preserve the wildcats of Algeria.
We need to prevent future rust.
We need to prioritize the items on this list.
We need to prioritize things.
We need to prioritize.
We need to probe Uranus.
We need to proceed with extreme caution.
We need to promote a one-state solution in Palestine.
We need to protect Tom.
We need to protect her.
We need to protect him.
We need to protect languages.
We need to protect our borders.
We need to protect our children and their innocence.
We need to protect our children.
We need to protect our flocks from the constant threat of jackals and feral dogs.
We need to protect our flocks from the jackals.
We need to protect ourselves.
We need to protect the Berber language.
We need to protect the earth.
We need to protect the lives of people.
We need to protect the shield generator.
We need to protect them.
We need to protect you.
We need to pull Algeria out of this economic crisis.
We need to punch some trees before dark so we can build a shelter.
We need to push for more extensive reforms in Algeria.
We need to put a committee together.
We need to put a stop to this abuse.
We need to put a stop to this now.
We need to put a stop to this.
We need to put all these boxes in the recycling.
We need to put an end to that.
We need to put an end to this.
We need to put everything away.
We need to put new locks on all the doors.
We need to put the past behind us.
We need to put the tragedy behind us.
We need to put this all behind us.
We need to put this behind us.
We need to put together a new strategy.
We need to rack our brains some more.
We need to raise enough money.
We need to raise prices.
We need to raise some money.
We need to ratchet up the pressure. We can't let it simply subside.
We need to ration water and food.
We need to react fast.
We need to react faster the next time.
We need to read between the lines.
We need to realize that the two-state solution is dead.
We need to reassess the situation.
We need to reassess the so-called Peace Process.
We need to rebuild Syria.
We need to rebuild the population of the town.
We need to rebuild the village mosque.
We need to recognize that.
We need to rediscover Algeria.
We need to reduce costs.
We need to reduce emissions.
We need to reduce labor costs.
We need to reduce our dependence on foreign oil.
We need to reduce our dependence on fossil fuels.
We need to reduce our reliance on foreign oil.
We need to reduce the cost of politics in Algeria.
We need to reduce the demand for energy.
We need to reform our immigration system.
We need to rehearse.
We need to reimagine Algiers.
We need to reinforce the roof.
We need to reinvent ourselves.
We need to reinvestigate this controversial event.
We need to relax.
We need to remain calm until help arrives.
We need to remember Tom.
We need to remember all this.
We need to remember that.
We need to remember the bottom line.
We need to remember those who helped us.
We need to remember three things.
We need to remember to do that tomorrow.
We need to remember to mail this letter tomorrow.
We need to remember to pick Tom up at the station at 2:30.
We need to remember to put some gasoline in the car.
We need to remember to send Tom a birthday card.
We need to remember what happened here today.
We need to remember who helped us.
We need to remind Tom to do that.
We need to renew our passports.
We need to rent a car.
We need to rent a room for our party.
We need to reorganize it in order to strengthen our business activities.
We need to repaint our window sills.
We need to repaint the barn.
We need to repair that.
We need to repair the fence before sundown.
We need to repair this roof again.
We need to replace our hot water heater.
We need to replace our water heater.
We need to replace the alternator.
We need to replace the whole unit.
We need to replace these shutters.
We need to replicate this study in Algeria.
We need to report this accident.
We need to report this.
We need to rescue this whale.
We need to resolve this matter.
We need to respect other people's differences.
We need to respect our farmers.
We need to rest for a while.
We need to rest now.
We need to rest soon.
We need to rest.
We need to restock on paper.
We need to retaliate.
We need to rethink our strategy.
We need to retweet this.
We need to reverse the operation.
We need to review the budget.
We need to review the case.
We need to review this.
We need to review your treatment plan.
We need to rid Algeria of corruption.
We need to rid ourselves of the mistaken image that Africa is an indivisible whole.
We need to rinse out the wound, so that it doesn't get infected.
We need to roll up our sleeves.
We need to run to catch the bus.
We need to run.
We need to save her place, because she said she would return.
We need to save his place, because he said he would return.
We need to save money.
We need to save up money to buy a new car.
We need to save up.
We need to say goodbye.
We need to say something to Tom.
We need to schedule a meeting soon.
We need to scrub the floor.
We need to search for a solution.
We need to see Algiers for what it is.
We need to see Islam for what it is.
We need to see Tom again.
We need to see Tom now.
We need to see Tom right away.
We need to see Tom.
We need to see a doctor.
We need to see each other more often.
We need to see it now.
We need to see more evidence.
We need to see that.
We need to see what Tom is doing.
We need to see you here tomorrow.
We need to see you immediately.
We need to see you right away.
We need to see you.
We need to seek justice for George Floyd.
We need to sell one of our cars.
We need to sell our farm.
We need to sell our house.
We need to send Mary a thank you and a fruit basket.
We need to send Tom these documents.
We need to send Tom this document.
We need to send out a search party.
We need to send these documents to Tom.
We need to send this document to Tom.
We need to service the air conditioner.
We need to set aside some money in case we have an emergency.
We need to set realistic goals.
We need to set the record straight.
We need to settle our accounts.
We need to settle this serious matter at once.
We need to shape a better future for Algeria.
We need to shore that up.
We need to shore up our defenses.
We need to shore up this beam.
We need to show people the good side of Islam.
We need to show them what Islam is.
We need to show you something.
We need to simplify our lives.
We need to simplify things.
We need to ski down the hill before the sun sets.
We need to sleep at least seven hours a day.
We need to slice mushrooms for the salad.
We need to slow down a bit.
We need to slow down.
We need to smile often.
We need to solve all these problems immediately.
We need to solve these problems immediately.
We need to solve this mystery.
We need to solve this problem immediately.
We need to solve this problem right away.
We need to solve this problem soon.
We need to solve this problem.
We need to sort out this mess.
We need to sort things out.
We need to sort this mess out.
We need to sort this out.
We need to speak out against corruption.
We need to speak to Tom again.
We need to speak to Tom.
We need to speak to her again.
We need to speak to her.
We need to speak to him again.
We need to speak to him.
We need to speak to them again.
We need to speak to them.
We need to speak to you again.
We need to speak to you.
We need to speak with Tom.
We need to speak with him as soon as possible.
We need to speak with you.
We need to speak.
We need to spend more on education.
We need to spend more on security.
We need to spend more time with Tom.
We need to spend more time with our children.
We need to spend more time with our kids.
We need to spend the night at a hotel.
We need to spread more awareness.
We need to spread the word.
We need to stabilize the pressure.
We need to stand together and take action because otherwise it might be too late.
We need to start again from scratch.
We need to start all over again.
We need to start all over.
We need to start at once.
We need to start doing that.
We need to start emergency procedures.
We need to start from scratch.
We need to start getting ready immediately.
We need to start looking for a new place.
We need to start making arrangements.
We need to start now.
We need to start over.
We need to start planning.
We need to start promoting peace and compassion more.
We need to start right now.
We need to start winning some games.
We need to start working now.
We need to start working on the problem.
We need to start.
We need to stay after school and help clean the classroom.
We need to stay ahead of our competition.
We need to stay alert.
We need to stay awake.
We need to stay calm until help arrives.
We need to stay calm.
We need to stay focused on our goals.
We need to stay focused.
We need to stay goal-oriented.
We need to stay healthy.
We need to stay here until 2:30.
We need to stay here until Tom arrives.
We need to stay here until Tom gets back.
We need to stay here until Tom gets here.
We need to stay here with Tom.
We need to stay hidden.
We need to stay in Australia for at least three days.
We need to stay in Boston for at least three days.
We need to stay in Boston.
We need to stay informed.
We need to stay on top of things.
We need to stay out of Tom's way.
We need to stay out of all of this.
We need to stay out of sight.
We need to stay out of the way.
We need to stay out of this mess.
We need to stay out of this.
We need to stay out of trouble.
We need to stay together.
We need to stay two jumps ahead of the competition.
We need to stay vigilant.
We need to step out of our comfort zone and try something new and challenging.
We need to step up our game.
We need to stick to the schedule.
We need to stick together.
We need to stock up for the winter.
We need to stockpile supplies.
We need to stop Mary before she hurts herself.
We need to stop Tom and Mary before they hurt themselves.
We need to stop Tom before he hurts himself.
We need to stop Tom from doing that again.
We need to stop Tom.
We need to stop and get cranberry juice.
We need to stop at the Hilton Hotel and pick Tom up.
We need to stop at the gas station and fill up.
We need to stop cursing ourselves.
We need to stop doing that immediately.
We need to stop doing this to each other.
We need to stop doing this.
We need to stop eating out all the time.
We need to stop her.
We need to stop here and refuel.
We need to stop him.
We need to stop seeing each other.
We need to stop that plan no matter what it takes.
We need to stop them before they do any damage.
We need to stop them.
We need to stop thinking about Tom.
We need to stop this experiment.
We need to stop this.
We need to stop those people.
We need to stop.
We need to stretch our legs.
We need to strip off the old paint.
We need to study Berber literature.
We need to study German verb forms.
We need to study Mars' ecosystem.
We need to study Mars' past.
We need to study Martian soil.
We need to study for the test.
We need to study for tomorrow's test.
We need to study harder if we want to pass this course.
We need to study harder.
We need to study more in order to know how to express our opinions better.
We need to study more.
We need to study the cause and effect of the accident closely.
We need to study the effects of plastic waste on the Algerian ecosystem.
We need to study this delicate question very carefully.
We need to study this matter more carefully.
We need to study.
We need to submit the report before the end of the month.
We need to summon the spirits.
We need to sweep up the dust.
We need to tackle Algiers's water problem.
We need to take Tom down a notch.
We need to take Tom from there.
We need to take Tom home.
We need to take Tom to the hospital right away.
We need to take Tom to the hospital.
We need to take a break for the isha prayer.
We need to take a break from each other.
We need to take a break.
We need to take a closer look at what's happening in Algeria.
We need to take a holiday and go to Kabylie.
We need to take a holistic view if we want a practical solution.
We need to take a look back at Algeria's history.
We need to take a look back at the history of Islam.
We need to take a picture.
We need to take a short break.
We need to take advantage of that.
We need to take advantage of this opportunity.
We need to take advantage of this situation.
We need to take all of the stakeholders into account.
We need to take all possible precautions.
We need to take baths.
We need to take care of business.
We need to take care of each other.
We need to take care of everybody else.
We need to take care of our kids.
We need to take care of ourselves.
We need to take care of the earth.
We need to take care of this immediately.
We need to take care of this problem as soon as possible.
We need to take charge once more.
We need to take cover.
We need to take her home.
We need to take him home.
We need to take into consideration the situation in Algeria.
We need to take it back to the store we bought it from.
We need to take it back.
We need to take it easy.
We need to take more people on.
We need to take off the shocks as well.
We need to take on more people.
We need to take our shots.
We need to take out the trash regularly.
We need to take preventative measures.
We need to take showers.
We need to take some precautions against fire.
We need to take steps to rectify the situation.
We need to take that bus.
We need to take that chance.
We need to take that fact into consideration.
We need to take that risk.
We need to take the 30 bus.
We need to take the English ivy out patch by patch.
We need to take the necessary precautions to ensure we are safe from bear attacks.
We need to take the next left.
We need to take the next right.
We need to take them home.
We need to take this into account.
We need to take this very seriously.
We need to take turns vacuuming the living room.
We need to take you home.
We need to talk ASAP.
We need to talk about Tom.
We need to talk about a very important issue.
We need to talk about her.
We need to talk about him.
We need to talk about how to do it.
We need to talk about how to do that.
We need to talk about it.
We need to talk about our relationship.
We need to talk about something.
We need to talk about that as soon as possible.
We need to talk about that.
We need to talk about the other night.
We need to talk about the problem.
We need to talk about the roid problem among billionaires.
We need to talk about them.
We need to talk about this situation.
We need to talk about this sometime soon.
We need to talk about this.
We need to talk about what happened the other night.
We need to talk about what happened tonight.
We need to talk about what happened.
We need to talk about what needs to be done.
We need to talk about what to do next.
We need to talk about what to do.
We need to talk face to face.
We need to talk more.
We need to talk privately.
We need to talk right now.
We need to talk to Tom about Mary.
We need to talk to Tom about that.
We need to talk to Tom again.
We need to talk to Tom later.
We need to talk to Tom.
We need to talk to each other more often.
We need to talk to everyone.
We need to talk to her.
We need to talk to him before he makes any mistakes.
We need to talk to him.
We need to talk to someone about it.
We need to talk to the bride.
We need to talk to them.
We need to talk to you about Tom.
We need to talk to you about something.
We need to talk to you immediately.
We need to talk to you.
We need to talk with Tom.
We need to talk with them.
We need to talk with you about Tom.
We need to talk with you about something.
We need to talk with you.
We need to talk, Tom.
We need to talk, honey.
We need to talk, just you and I.
We need to talk.
We need to talk. I have something I need to discuss with you.
We need to teach Tom a lesson.
We need to teach Tom how to survive.
We need to teach children how to defend themselves.
We need to teach her a lesson.
We need to teach him a lesson.
We need to teach in the mother tongue.
We need to tell Tom about it.
We need to tell Tom about that now.
We need to tell Tom about this.
We need to tell Tom everything.
We need to tell Tom the truth.
We need to tell Tom what happened.
We need to tell Tom what to do.
We need to tell Tom where to park his car.
We need to tell Tom.
We need to tell everyone what happened.
We need to tell her about this.
We need to tell her what to do.
We need to tell him about this.
We need to tell him what to do.
We need to tell our wives that we'll be working late tonight.
We need to tell them about this.
We need to tell them what to do.
We need to tell you what to do.
We need to test it.
We need to think about getting rid of the bodies and setting fire to everything.
We need to think about how we're going to get this problem sorted.
We need to think about it.
We need to think about the future of Europe.
We need to think about what needs to be done next.
We need to think about what'll happen if we don't do that.
We need to think big.
We need to think bigger.
We need to think of our children.
We need to think of ways to get more people to come to Tatoeba.
We need to think this through.
We need to think together about the future of Europe.
We need to throw away those old computers.
We need to tidy the place up.
We need to tidy this room up before we go out.
We need to tie up a few loose ends.
We need to tighten security.
We need to train more.
We need to transfer buses at Park and Main.
We need to transition away from fossil fuels.
We need to transition to renewable energy.
We need to treat everybody fairly.
We need to treat everyone fairly.
We need to trust Tom.
We need to trust each other.
We need to try a different approach.
We need to try a different tactic.
We need to try a new approach.
We need to try again.
We need to try doing something else.
We need to try doing this a different way.
We need to try doing this in a different way.
We need to try everything.
We need to try harder.
We need to try new things.
We need to try something else.
We need to try to get everybody inside the house.
We need to try to keep things simple.
We need to try to understand each other.
We need to turn back.
We need to turn right at the next junction.
We need to turn words into action.
We need to uncover her secret life.
We need to uncover the truth.
We need to understand Algeria's economy.
We need to understand Algeria.
We need to understand Mars better.
We need to understand each other.
We need to understand that we are still learning.
We need to understand the geopolitics of Algeria.
We need to understand the scope of the problem.
We need to understand the underlying geopolitics of the conflict in Ukraine.
We need to understand these things about Algeria's economy.
We need to understand why.
We need to unload the truck.
We need to update our forecast on Algeria's economy.
We need to update our website.
We need to uphold laws against discrimination — in hiring, and in housing, and in education, and in the criminal justice system. That is what our Constitution and our highest ideals require.
We need to use a local anaesthetic.
We need to use the modern Kabyle language.
We need to use your phone, it's an emergency.
We need to vacate the house by the end of the month at the latest.
We need to view this in its entirety.
We need to wait and see what happens.
We need to wait and see.
We need to wait for Tom.
We need to wait for the police.
We need to wait here until Tom arrives.
We need to wait here.
We need to walk faster than this.
We need to warn Tom that that might happen.
We need to warn Tom.
We need to warn her.
We need to warn him.
We need to warn the others.
We need to warn them.
We need to wash and boil the fish.
We need to wash clothes.
We need to wash our car.
We need to wash our clothes.
We need to wash our faces.
We need to wash our hair.
We need to wash our hands often.
We need to wash our hands regularly.
We need to wash our hands.
We need to wash the fish, cut it up and boil it.
We need to wash the sheets.
We need to water the flowers.
We need to weigh our options.
We need to weigh this.
We need to whisper.
We need to win this one.
We need to win.
We need to wind this up and go home.
We need to work as a team.
We need to work extra hard on these designs.
We need to work harder.
We need to work more intensively and effectively.
We need to work now.
We need to work on our relationship.
We need to work on that.
We need to work on these things.
We need to work out how to deal with this problem.
We need to work this out.
We need to work through the night.
We need to work together as a team.
We need to work together in order to make Tatoeba a better website.
We need to work together in order to make the world a better place.
We need to work together on this problem.
We need to work together to find a solution to our mutual problem.
We need to work together to find a solution to the problem.
We need to work together to make the world a better place.
We need to work together, not against each other.
We need to work together.
We need to work with Tom.
We need to work.
We need to write more sentences about Tom.
We need to write these ideas down before we forget them.
We need tools.
We need translators.
We need transparency.
We need transportation.
We need twenty eggs all told.
We need two cars.
We need two litres of milk.
We need two more chairs.
We need two more men.
We need vitamins.
We need volunteers.
We need water to survive.
We need water.
We need weapons to defend ourselves.
We need you again.
We need you back in the office.
We need you back.
We need you here.
We need you right now.
We need you to baby-sit.
We need you to be strong.
We need you to come with us.
We need you to confirm your attendance because places are limited.
We need you to do that for us.
We need you to do your job.
We need you to get better.
We need you to get here ASAP.
We need you to help protect Tom.
We need you to help us this afternoon.
We need you to help us.
We need you to stop.
We need you to tell us why you were absent all last week.
We need you to work late tonight.
We need you, Tom.
We need you, Ziri.
We need you.
We need your advice.
We need your assistance.
We need your expert opinion.
We need your guidance.
We need your help finding Tom.
We need your help finding her.
We need your help finding him.
We need your help finding them.
We need your help now more than ever before.
We need your help now.
We need your help on this.
We need your help right now.
We need your help to do this.
We need your help!
We need your help, Tom.
We need your help.
We need your input.
We need your key.
We need your photos.
We need your signature.
We need your support.
We needed Silya.
We needed Tom to be silent.
We needed Tom to stay still.
We needed Tom's help.
We needed Tom.
We needed a break.
We needed a challenge.
We needed a little more time.
We needed a response.
We needed a taxi to take us to the station.
We needed a win.
We needed all that.
We needed fresh air to breathe.
We needed help.
We needed her.
We needed him.
We needed information.
We needed it.
We needed money.
We needed more money.
We needed more time.
We needed our children to visit us.
We needed physiotherapy.
We needed some alone time.
We needed some privacy.
We needed someone we could trust.
We needed space.
We needed specifics.
We needed sunglasses.
We needed that.
We needed the break.
We needed the money.
We needed the rain.
We needed them.
We needed this rain.
We needed this weather.
We needed this win.
We needed this.
We needed those drawings for the contest.
We needed three more points to win the game.
We needed time.
We needed to act fast.
We needed to act quickly.
We needed to add information about our products.
We needed to be more aggressive.
We needed to do that.
We needed to get off the mountain.
We needed to go to Boston.
We needed to go to the bathroom, but we didn't know how to say that in French.
We needed to have fun.
We needed to help Tom.
We needed to learn Berber.
We needed to learn French.
We needed to take some fresh air.
We needed you.
We needed your help.
We needed your support, and we never got it.
We needn't attend the meeting.
We needn't have called the doctor.
We needn't have hurried.
We needn't have worried.
We needn't talk about that.
We needn’t have called the doctor.
We needn’t have hurried.
We negotiated with the President about our working hours.
We negotiated with the president about our working hours.
We neither moved nor made any noise.
We never actually got to that.
We never actually met.
We never agree.
We never answer the phone.
We never asked Tom.
We never asked you to do that.
We never ate together.
We never break the law.
We never bribed anyone.
We never bullied Tom.
We never came.
We never caught them.
We never complain.
We never could do that.
We never could've done that without your help.
We never dance.
We never dated, but we kissed once.
We never despaired in life.
We never despaired.
We never did learn how to do that correctly.
We never did more than kiss.
We never did that again.
We never do that anymore.
We never do that.
We never doubted it.
We never dreamed of that.
We never drove.
We never eat lunch before noon.
We never even hinted at anything that had happened.
We never exceed the speed limit.
We never expected it.
We never expected that to happen.
We never expected that.
We never expected this.
We never experience our lives more intensely than in great love and deep sorrow.
We never figured out why.
We never forget our first kiss.
We never forget our true friends.
We never forget the first amnesia.
We never forget the first kiss.
We never forget.
We never fought.
We never found Tom.
We never found out what Tom died of.
We never found out what Tom was doing.
We never found out what happened to Tom.
We never found out who that man was.
We never gave Tom a choice.
We never gave up on life.
We never gave up.
We never get bored.
We never get enough to eat.
We never get enough vacation time.
We never get enough.
We never give up.
We never go at the seaside.
We never go out at night anymore.
We never go out at night.
We never go out to eat anymore.
We never go to Boston anymore.
We never go to bed before midnight.
We never go to church anymore.
We never go to church.
We never go to places like that anymore.
We never go to places like that.
We never go to sleep before midnight.
We never go water skiing anymore.
We never got a chance to play.
We never got a chance to talk to Tom.
We never got a clear explanation of the mystery.
We never got a response.
We never got an answer from them.
We never got into any trouble.
We never got rattled.
We never got the chance to do that.
We never got the chance.
We never got there.
We never got to Boston.
We never got to do stuff like this when I was a kid.
We never had a chance to do that.
We never had a chance.
We never had a real Christmas tree when I was young.
We never had any choice.
We never had any disagreements.
We never had any intention of doing that.
We never had any problems with it.
We never had anything in common.
We never had doubts.
We never had much in common, you and I.
We never had that opportunity.
We never had the chance to say thank you.
We never had the chance.
We never had the opportunity to do things we liked.
We never had to do that.
We never harmed them.
We never have anything to talk about.
We never heard from Tom again.
We never help Tom.
We never hurt Tom.
We never hurt anybody.
We never hurt anyone.
We never joke about money.
We never killed anybody.
We never killed anyone.
We never kissed, on the lips anyway.
We never knew what to expect.
We never knew who he was.
We never know the destination.
We never know the love of a parent till we become parents ourselves.
We never know the worth of water till the well is dry.
We never know what the future has in store.
We never know what the future holds.
We never know what the future will bring.
We never know what to expect.
We never know what will happen.
We never know what'll happen.
We never know what's gonna happen.
We never know when Tom will be here.
We never know when adventure will step into our lives, but when it does, we must seize it.
We never know why we die.
We never laughed.
We never learned what happened or why.
We never leave early.
We never leave in the winter.
We never left our apartment.
We never left the building.
We never left the house.
We never lend money to anyone.
We never let politics get in the way of our friendship.
We never lie.
We never lock our door.
We never lock our doors around here.
We never lock that door.
We never lose a certain sense we had when we were kids.
We never lose hope.
We never lose.
We never lost hope in this world.
We never lost hope.
We never made it to Australia last summer.
We never made it to Boston last summer.
We never meant to harm you.
We never meet without a parting.
We never meet without parting.
We never mentioned it.
We never met.
We never miss.
We never opened that window.
We never ought to allow our instincts of justice to degenerate into mere vindictiveness.
We never pay the bills.
We never play cards anymore.
We never quite knew what was going on.
We never ran out of options.
We never really got a chance to talk.
We never really talked.
We never really thought Tom could have done anything like that.
We never really wanted to be here.
We never really wanted to do that.
We never really wanted to go to Australia.
We never really wanted to go to Boston.
We never really wanted to go with Tom.
We never really wanted to leave Australia.
We never really wanted to leave Boston.
We never really wanted to live in Australia.
We never really wanted to live in Boston.
We never repent having eaten too little.
We never reported that to the police.
We never ride the bus to and from school.
We never said goodbye.
We never said that we were Canadians.
We never said yes.
We never saw Linda.
We never saw Nuja at school again.
We never saw Tom after that.
We never saw Tom again.
We never saw Tom.
We never saw a lot, but also were never so blind.
We never saw any of that.
We never saw him hesitate or falter.
We never saw it.
We never saw this coming.
We never say goodbye to each other.
We never see each other.
We never see wolves around here.
We never seem to accomplish anything.
We never seem to be able to agree on anything.
We never seem to be able to compromise on anything.
We never seem to be able to get along with each other.
We never seem to get anything accomplished.
We never seem to have anything to talk about.
We never should have done it.
We never should have done that.
We never should have gone there.
We never should have gone to Boston.
We never should have hired Tom.
We never should have left early.
We never should have visited Boston.
We never should've done that.
We never should've gone there.
We never should've gone to Australia.
We never should've gone to Boston.
We never should've hired Tom.
We never should've hired them.
We never should've left early.
We never should've visited Australia.
We never should've visited Boston.
We never shower at night.
We never sing in public.
We never sing.
We never sit in the front.
We never speak French anymore.
We never speak French at home.
We never spend time together since you have to take care of your elderly mother.
We never spoke about that.
We never spoke to Tom.
We never stay anywhere for more than three weeks.
We never stay anywhere for very long.
We never stay anywhere longer than three weeks.
We never stay in Boston for more than a couple of weeks.
We never stay in Boston very long.
We never stay in one place long.
We never stay more than a couple of weeks.
We never stereotype customers.
We never stood a chance.
We never stop learning.
We never studied together.
We never swim.
We never talk about it.
We never talk about politics.
We never talk back to Mom like that.
We never talk to the students outside of work hours.
We never talk to them.
We never talk.
We never talked about it.
We never talked about money.
We never talked about religion.
We never talked about that again.
We never talked about what happened that night.
We never talked about you.
We never talked again after that.
We never talked to Tom.
We never talked to them about that.
We never tell people what to do.
We never thought of it as impossible to carry out.
We never told Tom.
We never told anybody about what happened.
We never told each other how we felt.
We never took resonsibility for the damage we did.
We never took that for granted.
We never touch those with bare hands.
We never tried to cut corners.
We never understood each other.
We never use a computer mouse.
We never use any sugar.
We never use sugar.
We never use the dining room.
We never use them.
We never use this room.
We never voted.
We never wanted to leave Australia.
We never wanted to leave Boston.
We never went anywhere when I was a kid.
We never went hungry.
We never went on family vacations because we were too poor.
We never went to college.
We never went to see her again.
We never were physical.
We never win.
We never won.
We never work on Monday.
We never work on Mondays.
We never work on Sunday.
We never worked out why.
We never would have allowed Tom to do that.
We never would have allowed Tom to go there by himself.
We never would have allowed it.
We never would have permitted Tom to do that.
We never would've allowed Mary to go there by herself.
We never would've allowed Tom and Mary to go there by themselves.
We never would've allowed Tom to do that.
We never would've allowed Tom to go there by himself.
We never would've allowed it.
We never would've permitted Tom to do that.
We nicknamed Robert 'Bob'.
We nicknamed her "Ann".
We no longer dwell in the village.
We no longer go to eat at the Indian restaurant.
We no longer hang out together.
We no longer have the power to resist.
We no longer have the strength to lift loads.
We no longer have values to swear upon.
We no longer know which way to go.
We no longer live in Boston.
We no longer live in Kabylie.
We no longer live in the village.
We no longer love when we are in love.
We no longer need Tom here.
We no longer need it.
We no longer need to fear arguments, confrontations or any kind of problems with ourselves or others. Even stars collide, and out of their crashing new worlds are born. Today I know “THAT IS LIFE”!
We no longer need you.
We no longer reside in the village.
We no longer sell hot dogs.
We no longer sell that here.
We nodded off in the cinema.
We noted that things were going well.
We noticed Tom sitting by himself under a tree.
We noticed Tom staring at Mary.
We noticed Tom was doing something that he shouldn't have been doing.
We noticed Tom was having trouble.
We noticed Tom.
We noticed his reluctance to testify.
We noticed people staring at us.
We noticed that he only uses French when he expresses himself.
We noticed that the narrow streets and squares of the little town were lively even in the early hours of the morning.
We noticed that.
We noticed the coincidence.
We noticed the janitor closing the windows.
We noticed the man enter her room.
We noticed the sandwich.
We noticed you're using an ad blocker.
We notified Tom.
We notified both the school and the police.
We now believe this drug is unsafe for children.
We now come to the point.
We now compare that with the situation in a small town. There are less stores, restaurants and so on, and they close quite early at night. Windows and doors are closed. No other areas are found where one can go to if one doesn't want to "stay home".
We now face a more serious challenge.
We now have a whole new set of problems.
We now have all the evidence that we need to convict Tom Jackson.
We now have all the evidence we need to convict Tom Jackson.
We now have all the evidence we need to convict him.
We now have misinformation and fear and panic, which is as contagious or more contagious than the virus.
We now have more lawyers than honest men.
We now have more realistic expectations.
We now have only one week left in the UK before we fly home to Australia.
We now have our own policy.
We now have politicians who lack a child's knowledge of government.
We now have politicians who lack a child’s knowledge of government.
We now have something to celebrate.
We now in the United States have more security guards for the rich than we have police services for the poor.
We now know Tom was lying.
We now know that Tom and Mary were lying.
We now know that Tom was lying.
We now know that isn't true.
We now know that that isn't true.
We now know that that was a lie.
We now know that that's not true.
We now know that that's what Tom wanted to happen.
We now know that the testimony he gave was coerced.
We now know that was a lie.
We now know that we shouldn't have done that.
We now know that's not true.
We now know we shouldn't have done that.
We now know what really happened.
We now know what the ground rules are.
We now know what the rules are.
We now know where we stand.
We now live in Boston.
We now live in a multicultural world.
We now live in a world where a nation can contain more cell phones or computers than it does people.
We now realize that doing it this way may have been a mistake.
We now regret our decision.
We now request your opinion in the above-referenced matter.
We now spend most of our life in artificial places.
We now turn to a different problem.
We now understand, the black birds in the painting portend the fate of the painter.
We now work at the post office.
We now work together.
We number him among our closest friends.
We obey our parents because we honor them and we love them.
We obey the rules.
We obeyed Tom.
We obeyed the rules.
We objected, but Tom left anyway.
We objected, but she went out anyway.
We observe him.
We observe whether you tell the truth.
We observed osmosis in today's science experiment.
We observed the wildlife.
We observed this plant closely for a few weeks.
We obtain our education at home, at school, and, most important, from life itself.
We occupy too much space on this planet.
We offer a contest of craftiness and agility.
We offer a gift pleasing to Jesus when we spend time with a person who has difficulties or we help someone for the sake of helping.
We offer a purely Catholic Dating for Catholic Singles, feature-rich. So is your Catholic Dating.
We offer a wonderful product.
We offer both full and half board.
We offer competitive pricing.
We offer everyone the opportunity to toil in the mines.
We offer flexible repayment options.
We offer free French lessons on Monday.
We offer free dance lessons to our members.
We offer free shipping.
We offer great prices.
We offer help to those people who do not speak Silesian.
We offer help to those who don't speak Silesian.
We offer low-cost prefabricated houses.
We offer the appropriate solution for all purposes and occasions.
We offer you the chance to obtain training in the mathematical sciences.
We offered Rima the job.
We offered Tom a gift.
We offered Tom a month's severance pay.
We offered Tom our help.
We offered Tom the job.
We offered Tom three apples; he took the best.
We offered him a good job.
We offered him a good position.
We offered him a nice job.
We offered him the house for $300,000.
We offered to help Tom move.
We offered to help them move.
We offered to help.
We often associate black with death.
We often bunk off school.
We often call America the land of liberty.
We often came back, however, empty-handed.
We often change our passwords.
We often chat online, but we sometimes still see each other in person.
We often come across Japanese tourists in this area.
We often compare Japan to England.
We often compare Japan with Britain.
We often compare life to a journey.
We often confuse Tom with his brother.
We often confuse temporary contentment with true happiness.
We often cook together.
We often cooked together.
We often discuss politics.
We often do that together.
We often do that.
We often do what we have to do, not what we want to do.
We often drink green tea.
We often drink tea under the apple trees in our garden.
We often eat breakfast in the kitchen.
We often eat fish raw in Japan.
We often eat fish raw.
We often eat foods which are harmful to our health without knowing it.
We often eat ice-cream during summer.
We often eat lunch at that small restaurant around the corner.
We often eat lunch together.
We often eat out on Monday evenings.
We often eat outdoors in the summer.
We often eat pizza.
We often eat raw fish.
We often eat together.
We often enjoyed going to the movies.
We often express our emotions nonverbally.
We often fail to realize the extent to which we depend on others.
We often find ourselves in a loop.
We often get our first snow around Christmas time.
We often get typhoons here.
We often get very cold winters here.
We often go out for a walk after dinner.
We often go sailing together.
We often go skiing in the winter.
We often go skiing together.
We often go surfing in the morning before work.
We often go swimming together.
We often go there on Mondays.
We often go there.
We often go to the mountains at Easter.
We often go to the movies together.
We often have a barbecue in our garden when the weather is nice.
We often have barbecue parties in our backyard.
We often have barbecues and pool parties.
We often have fires in winter.
We often have guests.
We often have lunch at the little restaurant round the corner.
We often have lunch together.
We often have these kinds of problems.
We often have to start again, but seldom from scratch.
We often have to start again, but seldom from the beginning.
We often have to wait.
We often have to walk our dog, even at night.
We often have traveled to Tokyo.
We often have unusual weather these days.
We often hear French being spoken here.
We often hear about an energy crisis these days.
We often hear it said that Japanese are good workers.
We often hear it said that Japanese people are conservative.
We often hear it said that an earthquake may occur at any moment.
We often hear it said that ants are social animals.
We often hear it said that ours is essentially a tragic age.
We often hear it said that the Japanese are good workers.
We often hear it said that time flies.
We often hear people say that time flies.
We often hear you sing.
We often help each other with our homework.
We often hide our thoughts in front of others.
We often laugh before we speak.
We often laugh when we tell the truth.
We often liken death to sleep.
We often listen to Mozart.
We often look for happiness in the wrong "places".
We often made fun of Tom.
We often make dinner together.
We often make mistakes.
We often make pizza.
We often meet up with him.
We often met here during our studies.
We often met here when we were students.
We often met here while we were at university.
We often misinterpreted each other's intentions.
We often need someone smaller than ourselves.
We often play cards on Sunday.
We often play chess after school.
We often play chess.
We often play hookey from school.
We often play tennis together.
We often play tennis.
We often play truant.
We often played chess after class.
We often played chess after school.
We often played chess.
We often played house in the park.
We often reflect on our journey through life.
We often see Tom.
We often see celebrities in advertisements.
We often see foxes around here.
We often see hats like that.
We often see monkeys around here.
We often see rabbits in our garden.
We often see stress as a negative thing, but it actually has evolutionary benefits and can be helpful in certain situations.
We often send each other pictures.
We often sing hymns together.
We often sing together.
We often skip class.
We often skip school.
We often skive off school.
We often skived off school.
We often speak to each other in French.
We often spend the weekends together.
We often take time for granted until it's gone.
We often talk about the films the next day.
We often talk about the weather.
We often talk about you.
We often talked about Japanese politics.
We often tell each other stories.
We often think of you.
We often took a walk along the seashore together in the morning.
We often travel together.
We often use Berber words in Hassaniya Arabic.
We often use gestures to convey simple messages.
We often use them as umbrellas or parasols.
We often used to meet at her place.
We often used to meet at his place.
We often visit Tom.
We often watch TV while we're eating breakfast.
We often wear matching clothes.
We often went fishing in the river.
We often went skiing in the winter.
We often went skiing in winter.
We often went there to eat.
We often win.
We omitted it on purpose.
We only accept cash payment.
We only accept cash.
We only allowed those with ID cards in.
We only believe in him.
We only believe in those who believe in themselves.
We only bought enough to feed about thirty people.
We only buy good products.
We only buy the very best quality.
We only buy what we need.
We only did it once.
We only did that once.
We only do this once in a blue moon.
We only do what we've been told.
We only get healed from a passion when we savor it till the end.
We only glimpse the stars at night, they're invisible during the day.
We only got one reply.
We only got this stock delivered today.
We only had a little water.
We only had one opportunity.
We only had three customers today.
We only have 3 options.
We only have a few hours until dark.
We only have a few hours.
We only have a few minutes before Tom and Mary get here.
We only have a few minutes before Tom gets here.
We only have a limited number of neurons.
We only have a little more time left.
We only have a little rice left.
We only have a single accessible bathroom; it's unisex by default.
We only have almond cake.
We only have another thirty minutes.
We only have enough food and water for three days.
We only have enough food to feed three people.
We only have enough time to do one of those things.
We only have half a tank of gas left.
We only have one choice.
We only have one day left to do this.
We only have one day left.
We only have one hospital in this area.
We only have one key.
We only have one left.
We only have one more left.
We only have one opportunity.
We only have one rule, but it must be observed strictly.
We only have one son.
We only have one television.
We only have one thing left to do.
We only have one year to get this done.
We only have potato wedges.
We only have red ones.
We only have secondhand information of the coup.
We only have simple wants.
We only have so many days in our lives.
We only have tea.
We only have their word for it.
We only have three bicycles.
We only have three cans of beer left.
We only have three days left to get this done.
We only have three days left.
We only have three days to get it all done.
We only have three days.
We only have three hours left.
We only have three hours to get this done.
We only have three hours.
We only have three options.
We only have three slices of bread left.
We only have three spoons.
We only have time for a quick quickie.
We only have twenty more minutes until we have to be ready to leave for Grandma's house! You'd better get in the tub this instant, young lady!
We only have two or three days left.
We only have unisex bathrooms here.
We only have water once a week.
We only heard one shoot.
We only hire the best of the best.
We only hire the best.
We only invited close relatives to our wedding.
We only just found out ourselves that Tom and Mary weren't planning to come.
We only just found out ourselves that Tom wasn't planning to come.
We only just got away with it.
We only just manage to keep afloat on my husband's small salary.
We only just manage to keep afloat on my husband’s small salary.
We only kissed once.
We only kissed.
We only know how to multiply words.
We only lack a few details to precisely reconstruct the crime scene.
We only let Nuja out of the house for school.
We only listen to Kabyle radio.
We only live once!
We only lived in Australia for a short time.
We only made it halfway up the mountain.
We only make Uighur food.
We only make use of the opportunity.
We only meet at weekends.
We only met today.
We only need a few more minutes.
We only need one.
We only need shelter for the night.
We only need water.
We only offer advice when asked.
We only saw a few sailors.
We only see each other at the weekend.
We only see each other at weekends.
We only see each other on weekends.
We only see the Moon because sunlight reflects back to us from its surface.
We only sell three kinds of cakes.
We only sell top quality products.
We only serve the prime rib dinner on weekends.
We only speak French at home.
We only speak French here.
We only speak French to each other.
We only speak Kadazan to each other everyday.
We only speak Spanish at home.
We only spent one night together. I don't even know her name.
We only spoke French to each other.
We only stayed in Australia for three days.
We only take cash.
We only told Tom.
We only use 10% of our brain.
We only use French at home.
We only use Spanish at home.
We only use our basement for storage.
We only use profanity when we are angry or in an extreme case.
We only use this card for emergencies.
We only use this generator when there is a power outage.
We only want to have enough to live well.
We only want to have our opinions respected.
We only want to help you, Tom.
We only want to help you.
We only want to live in peace.
We only want you.
We only went out once.
We only won one game last season.
We only won one game.
We only work five days.
We only work with large-scale printers.
We open at eight.
We open the door.
We open tomorrow.
We opened a bakery.
We opened all the boxes.
We opened all the doors.
We opened fire on the enemy.
We opened our eyes.
We opened the box.
We opened the door and went inside.
We opened the door.
We opened the gifts.
We opened this store in 2013.
We operate on both sides of the border.
We operate within certain boundaries in society.
We oppose that.
We oppose the death penalty.
We oppose the government on this matter.
We oppose the sexualization of children and children's TV shows.
We oppose you.
We opposed his plan to build a new road.
We opposed it.
We opposed the plan to build a new road.
We opted to stay at home because of the miserable weather.
We ordered 40 minutes ago.
We ordered Chinese food.
We ordered Chinese.
We ordered French fries and soft drinks.
We ordered a blueberry muffin to share.
We ordered a family pizza.
We ordered a pizza with potatoes and pickles.
We ordered books online.
We ordered champagne.
We ordered food.
We ordered garlic bread and hot cheese dip for starters, which proved to be tastier than the main course.
We ordered him to be quiet.
We ordered lunch.
We ordered pink, but we received blue.
We ordered pizza last night.
We ordered pizza.
We ordered plain buns.
We ordered room service.
We ordered some new books from Australia.
We ordered some new books from England.
We ordered some new books from abroad.
We ordered something nice for dinner.
We ordered the dog to sit.
We ordered the meal.
We ordered the most expensive cake.
We ordered the products on time. However, they won’t be dispatched until next month.
We ordered three lattes and an ensaimada at the corner bar.
We ordered too much food.
We organize against deadbeat landlords.
We organize special activities for children.
We organized a book drive to collect books for an orphanage.
We organized a farewell party for her.
We organized a huge party.
We organized a project team.
We organized a romantic dinner for Mom and Dad by the see.
We organized a water fight in school.
We organized our CDs by artist.
We organized parties around Yennayer, the Berber New Year.
We ought always to treat our friend as though he might one day be our enemy, and our enemy as though he might one day be our friend.
We ought at least, for prudence, never to speak of ourselves, because that is a subject on which we may be sure that other people's views are never in accordance with our own.
We ought to adopt Tom's proposal.
We ought to ask for help.
We ought to be able to talk about this.
We ought to be ashamed of ourselves.
We ought to be back before nightfall.
We ought to be back soon.
We ought to be getting home now.
We ought to be heading west.
We ought to be more interested in environmental issues.
We ought to be ready for whatever comes.
We ought to buy some new office equipment: the stuff we've got is out of date.
We ought to buy some new office equipment: the stuff we’ve got is out of date.
We ought to consult a psychotherapist about our marital problems.
We ought to deal with this problem today.
We ought to do better.
We ought to do our best not to pollute our environment.
We ought to do something about this situation.
We ought to do this more often.
We ought to do what we've been told to do.
We ought to expect some casual visitors.
We ought to get a dog.
We ought to get a move on.
We ought to get over there.
We ought to go back there soon.
We ought to go home now.
We ought to go home.
We ought to go out tonight.
We ought to go there today.
We ought to go there.
We ought to go to Boston.
We ought to go upstairs.
We ought to have gone to Boston.
We ought to have phoned ahead and reserved a table.
We ought to have talked it over much earlier.
We ought to help Tom do that.
We ought to help Tom.
We ought to help each other.
We ought to leave Tom alone.
We ought to leave now.
We ought to look the world straight in the face.
We ought to look to temperance, the leader of all virtue.
We ought to love one another.
We ought to make allowances for his difficult situation.
We ought to obey the law.
We ought to pay Tom a visit before he leaves.
We ought to plan for the future.
We ought to refurnish the flat.
We ought to rescue the environment from pollution.
We ought to rest.
We ought to send Jordan to the hospital.
We ought to sort the students' names alphabetically.
We ought to start earlier.
We ought to start right now.
We ought to take the teacher's advice.
We ought to take the teacher’s advice.
We ought to tell Tom about it.
We ought to tell Tom about that now.
We ought to tell Tom everything.
We ought to wait.
We ought to win.
We ought to work together.
We ourselves decorated the room.
We ourselves did that.
We ourselves have to be responsible for the earth.
We outflanked the enemy's right.
We outline root causes that contribute to employees' reticence to speak up, such as the perception that management won't act on their views or the fear of retaliation during the performance management process.
We outsmarted Tom.
We outstayed our welcome.
We outwitted Tom.
We overdosed.
We overfilled the bottles.
We overheard that.
We overlook the bay from our house.
We overlooked Tom's name when we sent out invitations.
We overpowered them.
We overran the budget by about 5,000 yen.
We overslept.
We overstayed our welcome.
We overwhelmed the many enemies.
We owe Rima.
We owe Tom a debt of gratitude.
We owe Tom a lot.
We owe a lot to Tom.
We owe a lot to our coach.
We owe it to our customers to do that.
We owe more on our house than it's worth.
We owe most of our knowledge of the past to the work of scribes.
We owe our modern life to electricity.
We owe our parents a lot.
We owe our success to Tom.
We owe part of our success to luck.
We owe three years worth of taxes.
We owe you a debt of gratitude.
We owe you an apology.
We owe you nothing.
We owe you one.
We owe you our lives.
We owed Tom that.
We owed everybody in town.
We owed him that.
We owed our success to their help.
We own a comic book store.
We own a dog and a cat.
We own a few hundred acres between the three of us.
We own a yellow sports car.
We own this property.
We own this restaurant.
We packed everything.
We packed into the small room.
We packed our school satchels for the coming day.
We packed their suitcases for them.
We paddled down the river.
We paddled the boat toward the distant shore.
We paged Tom.
We paid $25,000 in damages.
We paid Silya.
We paid Tom thirty dollars to do that.
We paid Tom to help us.
We paid Tom too much.
We paid a fair price for it.
We paid a heavy price for this victory.
We paid a lot for the shopping.
We paid a lot for this furniture.
We paid a visit to a bowling alley located in Bab Ezzouar, Algiers.
We paid an account of 1000 dollars.
We paid an invoice of more than one thousand dollars.
We paid attention.
We paid by check.
We paid cash.
We paid customs on jewels.
We paid for Tom.
We paid for it.
We paid for our food and then left.
We paid for that hour.
We paid for the food.
We paid for the hour.
We paid for the taxi ride with cash.
We paid for the toilet paper.
We paid for them.
We paid half the money.
We paid him four dollars.
We paid someone to cut the tree down.
We paid the check.
We paid them back everything we owed them.
We paid too much for this.
We paid tuition.
We paid, in total, 800 euros.
We paint eggs for Easter.
We paint the tired old man.
We painted Tom's office.
We painted our bicycles blue.
We painted our house ourselves.
We painted our walls yesterday.
We painted the boat red and yellow.
We painted the cornice white to match the room's decor.
We painted the door green.
We painted the fence green.
We painted the house green.
We painted the house once, then we went over it again.
We painted the house once, then went over it again.
We painted the kitchen and the rooms with warm colours.
We painted the wall red.
We painted the walls white to brighten up the room.
We painted the walls white.
We panicked a bit.
We panicked a little bit.
We panicked.
We parents sometimes become blind in loving our children too much.
We parked our car in a free parking lot.
We parked very far from here.
We parlay after dark.
We parted a year ago.
We parted as friends.
We parted at the corner.
We parted at the station at three.
We parted friends.
We parted on good terms.
We parted the best of friends.
We parted, never to see each other again.
We participated in a book swap event.
We participated in the athletic meet of our company.
We participated in the debate.
We partied all night long.
We partied all night.
We partied into the small hours.
We partied together.
We partied until the crack of dawn.
We partnered with other bakeries.
We partook in each other's joy.
We partook in each other’s joy.
We pass under a bridge.
We passed a competition.
We passed a milestone again.
We passed a night in a mountain hut.
We passed all our exams.
We passed by the door of a certain unfurnished room.
We passed by the gas station on the way.
We passed by the pharmacy before coming home.
We passed by.
We passed each other on the street, but we didn't talk.
We passed each other several times.
We passed one test, but failed the other.
We passed out at school.
We passed out fliers all over town.
We passed the Affordable Care Act to give more Americans the security of health care coverage so that not only people without health insurance could finally get it, but people who had health insurance were treated fairly, so that, for example, no insurer could charge you more just for being a woman.
We passed the aisle.
We passed the class.
We passed the evening away talking with our friends.
We passed the exam.
We passed the moon.
We passed the test.
We passed the time playing cards.
We passed the time playing pachinko.
We passed through Boston without stopping.
We passed through a town at night.
We passed through four tollbooths to get here.
We passed through security at the airport.
We passed through the Panama Canal.
We passed through the little gate into the garden.
We passed through village after village until we reached our destination.
We patrolled the district.
We pay Tom twice as much as he made at his last job.
We pay Tom well.
We pay Tom's salary.
We pay a high rent.
We pay a lot of bills.
We pay an income tax at varying rates according to the size of income.
We pay her well.
We pay him well.
We pay more.
We pay our bills at the end of the month.
We pay our bills on time.
We pay our taxes.
We pay taxes just like you.
We pay the bills.
We pay the kid next door to mow our lawn.
We pay the rent.
We pay them well.
We pay you well.
We peeled the loquats.
We penned the dogs.
We perceive lightning before thunder.
We perceive the amplitude of a light wave as brightness.
We perceive the amplitude of a sound wave as loudness.
We perceive three spatial dimensions.
We perform eighty percent of our actions unconsciously.
We persevered.
We persuaded Tom to change his mind.
We persuaded him not to go.
We persuaded him to change his mind.
We phone the police immediately.
We phoned Tom.
We phoned the police.
We photoshopped the pictures.
We picked Rima up from the airport.
We picked a fancy restaurant.
We picked a hitchhiker up on the way to Boston.
We picked apples so as to make a pie.
We picked apples so we could make an apple pie.
We picked enough cherries to make three pies.
We picked flowers in the garden.
We picked flowers together.
We picked our way among groups of dirty children, and through lines of discoloured linen, until we came to Number 46, the door of which was decorated with a small slip of brass on which the name Rance was engraved.
We picked the medlars.
We picked the number at random.
We picked those plums.
We picked up Mina.
We picked up our pace.
We picked up where we left off.
We picnicked in the warm breeze.
We pigged out on pizza and beer.
We pigged out on pizza and chicken at lunchtime.
We piled into the car.
We piled into the little room.
We piled the wood in the backyard.
We pinned all our hopes on Tom.
We pitched our tent and built a campfire.
We pitched our tent in a field.
We pitched our tent in the shade of a large tree.
We pitched our tent on the bank of the river.
We pitched our tent under the shade of a large tree.
We pitched our tent.
We pitched our tents and then headed to the lake for a swim.
We pitched our tents before dark.
We pitched our tents before it got dark.
We pitched the tent next to the river.
We pitied Tom.
We pitted cherries for the pie.
We pity all these homeless immigrants.
We pity them.
We placed a white tablecloth over the table.
We plan on doing that in the near future.
We plan on doing that together.
We plan on going together.
We plan on staying a week.
We plan to announce details about our plan tomorrow.
We plan to apply for assistance.
We plan to arrest Tom Jackson tomorrow.
We plan to attack at dawn.
We plan to be in Australia all summer.
We plan to climb that mountain.
We plan to close early tomorrow.
We plan to cut down all of these trees.
We plan to do that in the near future.
We plan to do that the evening after next.
We plan to do that together.
We plan to do that with Tom tomorrow.
We plan to do what Tom and Mary suggest, unless somebody tells we shouldn't.
We plan to do what Tom suggests, unless somebody tells we shouldn't.
We plan to drink champagne at midnight.
We plan to eat dinner at an Indian restaurant.
We plan to either paint this bedroom pink or light blue.
We plan to elicit opinions from the public.
We plan to extend our stay.
We plan to finish by Monday.
We plan to get married after we graduate.
We plan to get married next October.
We plan to go as far as we can.
We plan to go by train.
We plan to go hiking tomorrow.
We plan to go swimming, and of course, we'll play tennis.
We plan to go to Australia early next year.
We plan to go together.
We plan to have a birthday party for Tom.
We plan to have a party for Mr. Oka next Sunday.
We plan to have a party for Tom next Monday.
We plan to have a welcoming party for Mr. Clark who came to Japan the other day.
We plan to have an old-fashioned Christmas dinner.
We plan to have no more children.
We plan to help Tom paint the barn tomorrow.
We plan to hit the road and tour around Europe this summer.
We plan to invite both Tom and Mary.
We plan to leave as soon as Tom and Mary get here.
We plan to leave as soon as Tom gets here.
We plan to leave as soon as possible.
We plan to leave at daybreak.
We plan to leave tomorrow at daybreak.
We plan to leave tomorrow.
We plan to make a public announcement today.
We plan to make some improvements.
We plan to name our son Tom.
We plan to play tennis this weekend.
We plan to put Tom in an all-boys school.
We plan to rebuild our church.
We plan to reduce taxes.
We plan to rent a car.
We plan to return and try their brunch menu.
We plan to sing together.
We plan to spend Christmas with my wife's family this year.
We plan to spend our honeymoon abroad.
We plan to stay a week.
We plan to stay another week.
We plan to stay for a week.
We plan to stay home all day.
We plan to stay in Boston for three weeks.
We plan to stay in Paris for a fortnight.
We plan to stay in Paris for two weeks.
We plan to stay open until midnight.
We plan to stay open until we've sold everything.
We plan to talk to Tom later.
We plan to tear down that old hotel soon.
We plan to tear down that old shed.
We plan to tear that old shed down.
We plan to visit Australia next spring.
We plan to visit Boston again.
We plan to visit Boston next spring.
We plan to visit Mr. Smith tomorrow.
We plan to visit Tom tomorrow afternoon.
We plan to visit Tom tomorrow.
We plan to watch a couple of scary movies on Halloween.
We planned a night attack.
We planned a party for them.
We planned a romantic weekend in Kabylie.
We planned a trip to Boston.
We planned a trip to Kabylie.
We planned the attack carefully.
We planned to buy three of those, but they only had one left.
We planned to have two children and finally we have three.
We planted a fir in the park.
We planted a tree.
We planted an acer sapling in our garden last spring.
We planted blackthorn and whitethorn to make a new hedgerow.
We planted firs.
We planted flowers of all colors in our garden.
We planted heathers.
We planted peanuts instead of cotton.
We planted rice.
We planted rows of corn.
We planted several trees in our front yard.
We planted some trees.
We planted them yesterday.
We planted too many carrots.
We play a sport.
We play alone.
We play baseball.
We play basketball every Monday.
We play basketball together.
We play basketball.
We play behind the house.
We play bingo.
We play cards to pass the time.
We play catch in the park near our house on Sundays.
We play chess every evening.
We play chess on a checkerboard.
We play chess with a checkerboard.
We play football every Saturday.
We play football.
We play for kicks, not for money.
We play games together.
We play many different games at that party.
We play on Sunday.
We play on the beach.
We play rugby.
We play soccer every Saturday.
We play soccer.
We play tennis after school.
We play tennis every day.
We play the piano.
We play this game all the time.
We play volleyball every Monday.
We play well together as a team.
We play well together.
We played Chinese whispers.
We played Nintendo 64 all afternoon.
We played Silya.
We played a baseball game yesterday.
We played a good game of tennis.
We played a good game.
We played a good knife and fork.
We played a joke on him by leaving him the bill.
We played a lot of games at the party.
We played a lot of golf together.
We played a pretty good game.
We played all day.
We played all together.
We played alone.
We played an entertaining game of charades after dinner.
We played and laughed.
We played around the farm.
We played badminton.
We played baseball until it was too dark to see the ball any more.
We played baseball yesterday.
We played baseball.
We played basketball and then went to the beach.
We played basketball in the gym.
We played basketball on Monday.
We played basketball yesterday.
We played basketball.
We played better.
We played board games all weekend.
We played board games for hours and laughed a lot.
We played cards after dinner.
We played cards all night.
We played cards last night.
We played cards on the way there.
We played cards to kill time.
We played catch in a park near by.
We played catch to achieve the goal.
We played chess all night.
We played chess every morning.
We played chess not so much to enjoy the game as just to kill time.
We played chess.
We played classical music.
We played exceptionally well.
We played extremely hard.
We played extremely well.
We played football even though it was raining.
We played football on the rec.
We played football together.
We played football yesterday.
We played football.
We played ga-ga in the racketball court.
We played ga-ga.
We played games all day long at the park.
We played games for about an hour and a half.
We played games in the shopping mall arcade.
We played golf in spite of the rain.
We played golf last Monday.
We played in different cities across several states.
We played in the same football team.
We played like we never played before, and we lost like always.
We played many kinds of games.
We played music.
We played near the farm.
We played on drums.
We played on the banks of the Thames.
We played on the beach.
We played on the same soccer team.
We played poker and drank whiskey.
We played poker the entire day.
We played poker.
We played pretty hard.
We played reasonably well.
We played rock, paper, scissors to decide who would do the dishes.
We played so well as a team.
We played soccer in the field.
We played soccer yesterday.
We played soccer.
We played some drums.
We played some games.
We played some loud music.
We played some music.
We played sports with the kids.
We played tag.
We played telephone.
We played tennis after school every Monday.
We played tennis after school every Saturday.
We played tennis yesterday.
We played tennis.
We played the banjo.
We played the game in accordance with the new rules.
We played to win.
We played together every day when we were kids.
We played together when we were kids.
We played very badly.
We played video games all day.
We played well as a team.
We played with Tom.
We played with Walid's toys.
We played with him.
We played. We lost. How about starting it over?
We plead with them to grant us pardon.
We plead with them to lend us a hand.
We pleaded with Tom not to go there.
We pledge to do our share.
We pledged our support to the candidate.
We plotted to get that teacher fired.
We plowed the field.
We plunged into the cave opening on our boat and continued on.
We plunged into the river.
We pointed out to him the error in his reasoning.
We pointed to the bathtub.
We poisoned Mina.
We poke fun at each other.
We poked fun at each other.
We polished our shoes.
We posed for pictures.
We possess dignity.
We possess no dignity.
We posted comments.
We posted the video.
We postponed our baseball game for two days.
We postponed our departure because of the storm.
We postponed our picnic pending a change in the weather.
We postponed our trip for tomorrow.
We postponed the conference to next Friday.
We postponed the event.
We postponed the meeting.
We postponed the wedding.
We poured our souls into this project.
We practically grew up together.
We practice a lot.
We practice ballet at home.
We practice ballet with Mom.
We practice consensus-based decision-making.
We practice soccer every Saturday.
We practiced ballet at the studio.
We practiced choir after school.
We practiced metal music in an abandoned warehouse.
We practiced really hard last week.
We practiced very hard to beat them.
We praise and honor wise and good orators.
We praise the good old times, but live today.
We praised him for his wonderful performance.
We praised his honesty.
We prank called the principal.
We prattle a lot and do little.
We pray every day.
We pray for peace.
We pray for safety every day.
We pray for the souls of our brothers and sisters.
We pray the fajr prayer.
We pray to God when there is a crisis - then forget God when it is over.
We pray.
We prayed asr.
We prayed for Tom.
We prayed for heavenly intercession.
We prayed for rain.
We prayed for their happiness.
We prayed in the mosque together.
We prayed over her and we buried her.
We prayed that our children would forgive us.
We prayed that our daughters would forgive us.
We prayed that our father would forgive us.
We prayed that our mother would forgive us.
We prayed together.
We prayed.
We predict that Christmas sales will be better than expected.
We predicted it.
We prefer Tom.
We prefer a hotel near the airport.
We prefer paper cups because they are lighter.
We prefer patients who can't talk.
We prefer pizza.
We prefer silence.
We prefer tea or coffee.
We prefer tea to coffee.
We prefer to buy homegrown potatoes.
We prefer to do our own work.
We prefer to go on foot.
We prefer to shop at a supermarket.
We prefer to stay here for now.
We prefer to stay here.
We prefer to stay.
We prefer to text than to talk on the phone.
We prefer to travel by train.
We prefer to walk.
We prefer to work on our own.
We prefer whole-grain cereals.
We preferred not to use the passive voice.
We preferred to stay at home because of the miserable weather.
We prepare ourselves.
We prepared a trap for him.
We prepared chorba for supper.
We prepared dinner.
We prepared for an attack.
We prepared for battle.
We prepared for tomorrow's exam.
We prepared our meal.
We prepared our meals.
We prepared ourselves for the crash.
We prepared snacks beforehand.
We prepared the drugs.
We present here our suggestions, which are not meant to be normative, but to serve as a starting point for future dialog.
We presented a watch to Tom.
We presented a watch to him.
We presented the story.
We pressed charges.
We pressed on, regardless.
We pressed play.
We pressed the buttons.
We pretended not to see what Tom and Mary were doing.
We pretended not to see what Tom was doing.
We pretended that we didn't see Tom.
We pretended to understand Mary's poem.
We pretended we were in another country.
We pretty much do whatever we want to do.
We pretty much do whatever we want.
We pretty much gave up hope.
We prevailed over our enemy.
We printed all the checks.
We prioritize authenticity over popularity.
We prioritize respect in all we do.
We probably don't have enough money to buy that.
We probably don't have enough money.
We probably don't have enough time to do that.
We probably don't have enough time to finish doing that today.
We probably don't have enough time to finish doing this today.
We probably don't have enough time.
We probably don't want to do that again any time soon.
We probably don't want to do that again.
We probably don't want to do that anymore.
We probably should do that together.
We probably should go there together.
We probably should have applied for a visa much earlier.
We probably should have gone to Tom's party.
We probably should have left earlier.
We probably should have left early.
We probably should have talked about this before now.
We probably should sing together.
We probably should travel together.
We probably should try to get some sleep.
We probably should've applied for a visa much earlier.
We probably should've gone to Tom's party.
We probably should've left earlier.
We probably should've left early.
We probably should've talked about this before now.
We probably shouldn't do this.
We probably shouldn't have done that.
We probably shouldn't have sung that song tonight.
We probably shouldn't talk here.
We probably shouldn't tell anyone about it.
We probably won't be able to move this without some help.
We probably won't be able to solve this problem by ourselves.
We probably won't be in Australia again until next October.
We probably won't be in Australia until Monday.
We probably won't be in Boston again until next October.
We probably won't be in Boston until Monday.
We probably won't be using this room again.
We probably won't do that again until next October.
We probably won't do that again.
We probably won't do that anymore.
We probably won't do that together.
We probably won't do that.
We probably won't get another chance to do this.
We probably won't have much snow this winter.
We probably won't have to do that again.
We probably won't have to do that anymore.
We probably won't have to go to Australia anymore.
We probably won't have to go to Australia next year.
We probably won't have to go to Boston anymore.
We probably won't have to go to Boston next week.
We probably won't leave at the same time.
We probably won't need to do that again.
We probably won't need to do that anymore.
We probably won't need to ever do that again.
We probably won't see Tom today.
We probably won't sing together.
We probably won't travel together.
We produce as much energy as we consume.
We produce palm wine.
We produce them here in Algeria.
We project our own noblest qualities onto gods and angels, and our ignoblest qualities onto demons and devils.
We promise better service in the future.
We promise to do our best.
We promise to keep you posted.
We promise we won't soon forget.
We promise you that we'll never be late again.
We promise you that we'll never do it again.
We promise you that.
We promise you we'll never be late again.
We promise you we'll never do it again.
We promise you we'll never do that again.
We promised Tom to help him again.
We promised Tom.
We promised not to discuss it with anyone until the next day.
We promised our support to the candidate.
We promised to do our best.
We promised to keep it secret.
We promised to never drink tequila again.
We promised to stand by him in case of trouble.
We promised we'd always be friends.
We promised we'd do that for Tom.
We promised, in our last article, to illustrate the formidable powers of the white shark, by relating a fearful struggle between this animal and a human being.
We promised.
We promoted Tom.
We propose to deal with this subject in the following chapter.
We protect each other.
We protect ourselves.
We protected Tom.
We protected ourselves against danger.
We protest because we can't stand it anymore!
We protested against the reduction in wages.
We protested, but it was in vain.
We protested.
We proved Tom wrong.
We proved it today.
We provide activities that stimulate them.
We provide broad services to the computer end users, based on our experience and technical expertise.
We provide escorts.
We provide for disaster.
We provide individual, group, and corporate courses.
We provide legal advice and strategy recommendations to various public relation campaigns.
We provide value for money.
We provided food and clothes for them.
We provided the flood victims with food and clothing.
We provided them with food.
We provided them with money and clothes.
We publish Islamic materials.
We pulled a few strings.
We pulled a lot of survivors from the wreckage.
We pulled it off.
We pulled on till the shadows which spread over the stream showed us that night was coming on, and that we must ere long look out for a place to encamp.
We pulled out the teeth.
We pulled over.
We pulled pranks on the teacher.
We pulled that off!
We pulled the curtains open.
We pulled the lyrics line by line out of a hat.
We pulled the rope.
We pulled the teeth out.
We pulled together to get out of hardship.
We pumped the tank dry.
We pumped up the air mattress.
We punished Tom.
We punished him according to the rules.
We purchase clothes at the lowest price.
We purchased 10,000 shares of the General Motors stock.
We purchased a book from the bookstore.
We purchased a new house for eighty thousand dollars.
We purchased a piece of land and built a mosque on it.
We purchased a shotgun.
We purchased medicine.
We purchased our first home in Kabylie.
We push each other.
We push the door open and go inside.
We pushed ahead despite the obstacles.
We pushed on the window.
We pushed the car off the road.
We pushed the kids so hard.
We pushed the meeting back a week.
We pushed the rock hard in vain.
We put a bowl of candy out for the trick-or-treaters.
We put a lot of effort into our homework.
We put a lot of money into private lessons.
We put a wealth of information at your fingertips.
We put all our old furniture in the shed behind our house.
We put all the resources to use in writing up this paper.
We put an end to this discussion.
We put down our suitcases.
We put everything together.
We put in our bid; now we just have to play a waiting game.
We put it in the oven for fifteen to twenty minutes - and voila!
We put off our baseball game for two days.
We put off our departure because of the rain.
We put off our departure owing to the storm.
We put off the departure till tomorrow.
We put on Ariana Grande.
We put on a good show for everyone, I think.
We put on make-up.
We put on makeup.
We put on our boots.
We put on our coats and hats.
We put on our coats.
We put on our gloves.
We put on our hats.
We put on our helmets.
We put on our pajamas.
We put on our shoes.
We put on our skates.
We put on our socks.
We put on our sunglasses.
We put our bags on the table.
We put our boots on.
We put our coats and hats on.
We put our coats on the sofa.
We put our coats on.
We put our gloves back on.
We put our gloves on.
We put our hats on.
We put our helmets on.
We put our phones away.
We put our shoes on.
We put our skates on.
We put our socks on.
We put our suitcases down.
We put our suitcases in the trunk.
We put our sunglasses on.
We put part of it there.
We put sugar in our tea.
We put the blame on the kids.
We put the book on the table.
We put the books on the table.
We put the books on the writing desk.
We put the cat on a vegan diet. She became clinically depressed and died.
We put the chairs away.
We put the coins away.
We put the desk by that window.
We put the fire out.
We put the futons away in the morning.
We put the lemons in the refrigerator.
We put the piano up here using a pulley.
We put the pill in the sausage, but the dog ate the sausage and spat out the pill.
We put the sheet over the mattress.
We put the skis on the top of our car.
We put the software on our computer.
We put the world at your fingertips.
We put them in jail.
We put them in straitjackets.
We put them in the ground yesterday.
We put them in the kitchen cupboards.
We put them on top of the wardrobe.
We put things together.
We put too much faith in our intuition.
We put up a good fight but we lost.
We put up a good fight, but lost anyway.
We put up a tent.
We put up at a lakeside hotel for the night.
We put up at a small hotel after the party last night.
We put up at a small hotel just on the edge of the town.
We put up at a small hotel on the edge of the town.
We put up at an inn at the foot of the mountain.
We put up our tent in the shade of a large tree.
We put up posters all over the neighborhood.
We put up the flags on national holidays.
We put up with his little bouts of mischief.
We put up with the same problems.
We put vegetable seeds in the field.
We quarrel a lot, but we always manage to patch things up.
We quarreled a lot in the last weeks.
We quarreled again.
We queued for hours.
We queued for more than an hour.
We queued for the bus.
We queued up for the bus.
We queued up to get tickets for the concert.
We quickened our pace.
We quickly agreed that we didn't want the job.
We quickly averted our eyes.
We quickly became friends.
We quickly cleaned up the mess.
We quickly got Vladimir in the ambulance.
We quickly got the cop's attention.
We quickly ran.
We quickly switched off the lights and went to sleep.
We quickly took showers.
We quickly vanished.
We quit our job.
We quit pranking people.
We quit smoking.
We quit the job because the bosses made impossible demands.
We quit work at five.
We quit.
We raced our Beetles.
We raced our beetles.
We raced toward the fire.
We raise Arabian horses.
We raise beautiful rabbits.
We raised Tom.
We raised money through family and friends.
We raised our children in Australia.
We raised our children in Boston.
We raised our children in poverty.
We raised our hands high.
We raised our hands.
We raised our heads.
We raised quite a bit of money.
We raised the alarm.
We ran 10 kilometres.
We ran a hundred-meter dash.
We ran after Mom as fast as we could.
We ran after Tom.
We ran after the cat.
We ran after the thief.
We ran all the way to the station.
We ran along the river.
We ran and ran so as to catch the bus.
We ran around the fountain in the park.
We ran around the park.
We ran as fast as possible to the police station.
We ran as fast as we could.
We ran as fast as we were able to.
We ran away from home.
We ran away from the dog.
We ran back and forth, carrying buckets of water.
We ran back to our car.
We ran back to our cars.
We ran down the hill.
We ran down the stairs.
We ran down to the riverbank.
We ran eleven laps.
We ran fast so they wouldn't catch us.
We ran faster.
We ran for 10 kilometers.
We ran for 10 kilometres.
We ran for cover under a tree.
We ran for miles.
We ran for our lives.
We ran for seven miles.
We ran for shelter.
We ran for the glory of the school.
We ran further than ever today.
We ran further today than ever before.
We ran hard.
We ran home.
We ran in the park.
We ran inside.
We ran into a black adder in England.
We ran into each other at the airport.
We ran into each other at the station.
We ran into each other this morning.
We ran into the park.
We ran into them at the bus terminal.
We ran off 50 copies of the invitation.
We ran on as far as the station.
We ran out early.
We ran out of artichoke dip.
We ran out of bread at home.
We ran out of bread.
We ran out of buns and then meat.
We ran out of candy on Halloween.
We ran out of candy.
We ran out of cheese.
We ran out of food after three days.
We ran out of food.
We ran out of fuel on the way.
We ran out of fuel.
We ran out of gas in the middle of the desert.
We ran out of gas in the middle of the intersection.
We ran out of gas on our way there.
We ran out of gas on the way here.
We ran out of gas on the way there.
We ran out of gas on the way to downtown Tokyo.
We ran out of gas on the way to the theater.
We ran out of gas on the way.
We ran out of gas.
We ran out of money and were forced to sell our car.
We ran out of money.
We ran out of petrol on the way there.
We ran out of petrol on the way.
We ran out of petrol.
We ran out of soap.
We ran out of space.
We ran out of steam.
We ran out of the building.
We ran out of time and had to cut short the interview.
We ran out of time, so we had to cut our presentation short.
We ran out of time.
We ran out of water yesterday.
We ran out.
We ran over the budget by two thousand yen.
We ran past Tom.
We ran past the garbage dump.
We ran past them.
We ran short of food.
We ran short of money.
We ran three kilometers.
We ran three kilometres.
We ran through the park.
We ran to Bechloul.
We ran to catch up with Tom.
We ran to him.
We ran to school.
We ran to the bus stop.
We ran to the fire.
We ran to the station.
We ran until we reached the school parking lot.
We ran up against a lot of opposition.
We ran.
We rang the bell multiple times.
We raped her.
We raped him.
We rarely agree on what to do.
We rarely come across big names.
We rarely eat out.
We rarely get snow here.
We rarely go out.
We rarely go there.
We rarely go to the movies.
We rarely have guests.
We rarely have soup.
We rarely hear, it has been said, of the combinations of masters, though frequently of those of the workman. But whoever imagines, upon this account, that masters rarely combine, is as ignorant of the world as of the subject.
We rarely met each other.
We rarely see Canadians here.
We rarely see Tom.
We rarely see monkeys around here.
We rarely slaughter our cows.
We rated the film 7 out of 10.
We reached Boston after midnight.
We reached Boston at midnight.
We reached Boston before dark.
We reached London at midnight.
We reached an agreement at the end of the meeting.
We reached an agreement with the workers whose office is green.
We reached our destination just as I thought the car was going to give up the ghost.
We reached our goal.
We reached out to Mom.
We reached out to those in need.
We reached school at eight-thirty.
We reached the centre of the village.
We reached the crest.
We reached the end of the road.
We reached the lake before dark.
We reached the mountain lake at midday.
We reached the poor soul we had to help.
We reached the school parking lot.
We reached the station on time.
We reached the top of the hill at dawn.
We reached the top of the hills at dawn.
We reached the top of the mountain.
We reacted instinctively.
We read Dad's diary.
We read Wuthering Heights in English class at secondary school.
We read a book.
We read a comic book.
We read a newspaper.
We read about that in class.
We read adventure books.
We read and write.
We read banned books.
We read blind, so please do not include any identifying information outside the title page.
We read his entire novel.
We read his whole novel.
We read newspapers so that we may not fall behind the times.
We read novels.
We read the Quran.
We read the book after the teacher.
We read the book in the library.
We read the book.
We read the books.
We read the confession.
We read the full text of his speech.
We read the full text of the speech.
We read the hieroglyphs.
We read the letter again and again.
We read the meter once every two months.
We read the news.
We read the replies.
We read the science encyclopedia.
We read the signs.
We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us.
We read to the children because we enjoy reading aloud.
We read you loud and clear.
We read.
We realised that our austerity cuts were a totally daft idea.
We realised that our austerity policies were completely harebrained.
We realised that we were lying to ourselves.
We realised they were right: we had nowhere to play or even practise.
We realize now that Tom knew exactly who Mary was.
We realize now that Tom never really liked Mary.
We realize that.
We realize we are not loved.
We realized it too late.
We realized it was pointless.
We realized our mistake too late.
We realized that it was pointless.
We realized that today.
We realized they were all asleep.
We really achieved something today.
We really appreciate it.
We really appreciate their effort.
We really appreciate you helping us.
We really appreciate your help.
We really appreciate your kindness.
We really appreciated Tom's kindness.
We really appreciated everyone's help.
We really are good and diligent.
We really are good friends.
We really are hungry.
We really are isolated.
We really are strange.
We really are very good.
We really believe in what we're doing.
We really believed in what we were doing.
We really can make this happen.
We really connected.
We really could use your help.
We really did cry.
We really did do that.
We really did go to Australia.
We really did go to Boston.
We really did try.
We really didn't know anything.
We really didn't know; we won't do it next time.
We really didn’t know; we won’t do it next time.
We really disagree.
We really do hate them.
We really do need Tom's help.
We really do need to practice more.
We really do need to rehearse a little more.
We really do need to talk.
We really do need your help.
We really do see people as we think they are and not as they are.
We really do want to help Tom.
We really do want to help them.
We really don't have a choice.
We really don't have a future together.
We really don't have time.
We really don't know where we are.
We really don't know.
We really don't like dogs.
We really don't need any more volunteers.
We really don't need to do this.
We really don't want that.
We really enjoyed our meal.
We really enjoyed ourselves.
We really enjoyed that.
We really enjoyed the circus.
We really enjoyed the class.
We really felt comfortable.
We really fooled Tom.
We really fooled them.
We really get on and often go to each other's place.
We really get on and often go to each other’s place.
We really had a good time.
We really had a hell of a time getting up to the 20th floor of this building.
We really had a lot of fun.
We really had great conversations.
We really had nothing to lose.
We really had to dismiss Tom.
We really had to fire Tom.
We really hate Tom.
We really hate them.
We really have a great deal to do.
We really have a lot in common.
We really have a lot of fun here.
We really have a lot of work to do.
We really have a lot that needs to be done by tomorrow.
We really have a lot to do.
We really have no choice.
We really have nothing to lose.
We really have to be more tolerant.
We really have to be on our way.
We really have to do that.
We really have to go back to Australia.
We really have to go back to Boston.
We really have to go.
We really have to start running.
We really have to talk to each other.
We really have to talk to them.
We really hope another war will not break out.
We really hope it's not the case.
We really hope that that happens.
We really hope that you can come.
We really hope that you'll be there.
We really hope you can be at our party.
We really like Tom.
We really like each other a lot.
We really like helping people.
We really like her.
We really like picnics a lot.
We really like picnics.
We really like this teacher.
We really liked each other.
We really love our work.
We really messed up.
We really miss Tom.
We really miss our husbands.
We really miss our mom.
We really miss our wives.
We really missed you yesterday.
We really missed you.
We really must talk.
We really need Tom back.
We really need a man like you here.
We really need her number.
We really need it.
We really need more American slang on Tatoeba, pronto!
We really need more American slang on Tatoeba, stat!
We really need that.
We really need to ask Tom some questions.
We really need to call the police.
We really need to do that.
We really need to find Tom.
We really need to get going.
We really need to get in touch with Sami and talk to him.
We really need to get out more often.
We really need to get out of here.
We really need to get this done right away.
We really need to help Tom.
We really need to leave.
We really need to persuade Tom to do that.
We really need to remember this.
We really need to talk this through.
We really need to talk to Tom now.
We really need to talk to Tom.
We really need to talk to each other.
We really need to talk to her.
We really need to talk to him.
We really need to talk to them.
We really need to talk to you.
We really need to talk.
We really need to think about this now.
We really need to win.
We really need to work harder.
We really need you.
We really need your guys' help.
We really need your help.
We really needed it.
We really needed that.
We really ought to buy a new car, oughtn't we?
We really ought to buy a new car, oughtn’t we?
We really painted the town red last night.
We really should be going.
We really should be in Australia right now.
We really should be in Boston right now.
We really should buy a new car, shouldn't we?
We really should do that.
We really should sing a little more quietly.
We really should visit Australia.
We really should visit Boston.
We really should've done that.
We really shouldn't have carpooled with Tom.
We really shouldn't have done that.
We really surprised Tom, I think.
We really thank you for your patronage.
We really thought Tom and Mary were going to stay for a few days.
We really thought Tom was going to stay for a few days.
We really thought Tom would be here tonight.
We really thought that Tom was going to stay for a few days.
We really thought we could do it.
We really thought we could do that.
We really want to attend UCLA.
We really want to help Tom.
We really want to help them.
We really want to impress Tom.
We really want to impress them.
We really want to win.
We reap as we have sown.
We reap what we sow.
We reason deeply, when we forcibly feel.
We reasoned with Tom until he changed his mind.
We reassured Mina.
We reassured Tom.
We recall this since the origins of the world.
We recall this since time immemorial.
We recall what our father said to us.
We recalled the past events.
We receive and share.
We receive many telephone calls from abroad.
We received a claim.
We received a cordial welcome from them.
We received a large package.
We received a large parcel.
We received a letter of thanks.
We received a new directive from the board yesterday. They want us to focus on our most visible projects.
We received a warm welcome.
We received absolutely nothing.
We received all the available inheritance.
We received an acknowledgement of our letter.
We received an anonymous tip.
We received an email with the news about Tom's death.
We received an eviction notice the day before yesterday.
We received an eviction notice.
We received an immediate answer to our letter.
We received an important package.
We received an order from the court prohibiting us from talking to Tom whom we fired two months ago.
We received instructions on how to make a bamboo basket.
We received letters this morning.
We received many telephone calls from abroad.
We received some bad news today.
We received some new information.
We received some sad news today.
We received the order yesterday, but haven't filled it yet.
We received their wedding announcement.
We received word of Tom's death.
We received word of her death.
We received word of his death.
We received your complaint.
We recently decided to get married.
We recently discovered an error in your personnel record.
We recently had an enjoyable get-together with our friends and neighbors in the alley behind our house.
We recently started school.
We recharged our phones.
We recite the Quran on a daily basis.
We reckon we could be there in a fortnight.
We recognize coherence in texts.
We recognize that this is a serious defect.
We recognize the problem.
We recognize the value of their possessions.
We recognize your longstanding service to the community.
We recognized Mina.
We recognized Tom.
We recognized her voice.
We recognized her.
We recognized him.
We recognized it from your description.
We recognized the voice.
We recognized them.
We recognized you.
We recoiled from the enemy's offensive.
We recoiled from the enemy’s offensive.
We recommend adding sentences and translations in your strongest language. If you are interested primarily in having your sentences corrected, you should try a site like Lang-8.com, where that's the focus.
We recommend cutting off all further contact with the rebels.
We recommend that mains water have a water-quality test carried out once a year, well water twice a year.
We recommend you always have a first aid kit in hand in case of sudden injury or illness.
We recommend you book this spectacular castle jaunt.
We recommend you.
We recommended Tom.
We recommended him as chairman.
We record many words.
We recorded that.
We recouped part of our losses today.
We recovered a building in ruins and there we started a club, a type of secret society.
We recovered a knife covered in blood at the crime scene.
We recovered from cancer.
We recovered quickly from the food poisoning.
We recycled batteries.
We reduced our spending during the recession.
We reduced the price by eliminating unnecessary functions.
We refer to that country by the name of Palestine.
We refer to this city as Little Kyoto.
We referred to divorce.
We refuse to accompany them.
We refuse to acknowledge our human limitations.
We refuse to believe him.
We refuse to go into exile.
We refuse to understand each other.
We refused to accept Tom's resignation.
We refused to answer you.
We refused to wake up from the nap.
We refused.
We regard Dr. Brown as the best heart specialist in the United States.
We regard John as our leader.
We regard Tom as our hero.
We regard him as a great man.
We regard him as an important man.
We regard him as our hero.
We regard him as the best player on the team.
We regard the situation as serious.
We regard their leader as a traitor.
We regard them as traitors.
We regarded his behavior as childish.
We regarded the document as belonging to her brother.
We regret coming to Australia.
We regret coming to Boston.
We regret doing that.
We regret his death.
We regret it.
We regret lying to you.
We regret not having studied hard at school.
We regret that we are unable to agree to your request.
We regret that we are unable to grant your request.
We regret that we are unable to provide personal feedback on rejected works.
We regret that we cannot place an order.
We regret that you have to leave.
We regret that your application has not been accepted.
We regret the inconvenience.
We regret to inform you that your application has been denied.
We regret to inform you that your paper has not been accepted.
We regret what we have done.
We regret what we've done.
We regret you've become involved.
We regretfully reject your offer.
We regretted everything we wrote in that letter.
We regretted our decision.
We regretted those selfish actions.
We regularly meet there once a week.
We regularly visit Tom.
We regularly work the ground located beneath the house.
We reignited the fire.
We reject impunity for those responsible for war crimes and inhuman acts.
We reject mutual understanding.
We reject the Israeli narrative.
We rejected Tom's suggestion as too extreme.
We rejected the demand.
We rejected the idea of coming out of our nap.
We relax in the living room.
We relaxed in the gentle breeze.
We relaxed in the jacuzzi.
We relaxed in the living room.
We relaxed on the beach.
We relaxed.
We released Tom.
We released them.
We relied on Tom.
We relish the challenge.
We reluctantly agreed to arrange things with Dad.
We reluctantly postponed our departure.
We rely on Patty because she never breaks her promises.
We rely on Tom.
We rely on one another.
We rely on them a lot.
We rely on this dog.
We rely on you.
We remain alive, they try to assassinate us.
We remain hopeful that Tom will recover.
We remain hopeful.
We remain level-headed.
We remain optimistic.
We remain worried about the economic slowdown in Algeria.
We remained awake until midnight.
We remained calm.
We remained friends even after the relationship was over.
We remained friends.
We remained paralyzed for hours in a traffic jam.
We remained seated inside the tent.
We remained silent as if nothing had happened.
We remained silent.
We remained still.
We remained stunned that she uttered such words.
We remained very much in love.
We remarked with pain that the indecent foreign dance called the Waltz was introduced (we believe for the first time) at the English court on Friday last ... it is quite sufficient to cast one's eyes on the voluptuous intertwining of the limbs and close compressure on the bodies in their dance, to see that it is indeed far removed from the modest reserve which has hitherto been considered distinctive of English females. So long as this obscene display was confined to prostitutes and adulteresses, we did not think it deserving of notice; but now that it is attempted to be forced on the respectable classes of society by the civil examples of their superiors, we feel it a duty to warn every parent against exposing his daughter to so fatal a contagion.
We remember Rima from high school.
We remember Tom.
We remember Walid as a boy.
We remember he doesn't like dogs.
We remember her kindly.
We remember it.
We remember that.
We remember the chaos.
We remember what happened.
We remember what our father told us.
We remember what they told us.
We remember you.
We remember.
We remembered Berber spring.
We remembered him yesterday.
We remembered it.
We remembered the man.
We remembered the old days when we had played together.
We remembered what happened.
We remind you that all library books are due to be returned by 15th October.
We remind you that our terms are 60 days net.
We remind you that you must put on a helmet on your electric scooter.
We remind you that you must wear a helmet on your e-scooter.
We reminded them about the money.
We reminisced about the old days.
We reminisced about what transpired.
We remodeled the kitchen after we moved in.
We removed our gloves.
We removed the old furniture.
We removed the screws.
We reneged on the agreement.
We renovated a house.
We renovated the whole place.
We rent movies all the time.
We rent our place of residence.
We rent the flat.
We rent.
We rented a boat in the park and went rowing.
We rented a cabin by a lake.
We rented a cabin by the lake.
We rented a cabin near a lake for three weeks last summer.
We rented a canoe.
We rented a car for a week while we were in Italy.
We rented a car while we were in Australia.
We rented a car.
We rented a flat above a shop in the High Street.
We rented a flat.
We rented a house on this lake every summer when our children were younger.
We rented a movie.
We rented a romantic comedy.
We rented a rowboat.
We rented a truck to move our furniture.
We rented an apartment when we lived in Boston.
We rented an apartment when we lived in New York.
We rented an apartment.
We rented bicycles and rode around the lake.
We rented bicycles and saw the sights of Hagino.
We rented out a canoe.
We rented out the flat.
We rented that house, not because we were pleased with it, but because it was near the station.
We rented the apartment by the week.
We rented the apartment.
We rented the flat.
We rented the house not because we liked it, but because it was close to the railway station.
We rented the house, not because we liked it, but because it was close to the station.
We repainted our house.
We repainted the church.
We repaired watches.
We repeated it a million times already.
We repeated that.
We replaced all incandescent lightbulbs with new energy-saving lightbulbs.
We reported him missing.
We reported his disappearance.
We reported that to campus police.
We reported that to the police.
We reported the theft to the police.
We represent the people.
We repress the fact that we eat animals rather than barcoded containers from the supermarket.
We reprimanded her for her behaviour.
We reprimanded him for his behaviour.
We request First Electronic Rights to accepted submissions.
We request that the central administrative task office be provided a copy in each such case in the future.
We request that they repeal this law.
We request this address.
We request your attendance at the meeting.
We require much sleep.
We require no assistance.
We require the garden fences for immediate delivery.
We require your help.
We required more care from Mom and Dad.
We rescued Cookie.
We rescued Tom.
We rescued our dog.
We researched the Amazon rainforest.
We resent that.
We resented Tom.
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone.
We reserve the right to refuse service.
We reserve the right to suspend any account that violates our terms of use.
We reserved a hotel in Sao Paulo.
We reserved him a good seat.
We reserved seats on the train.
We resigned because our superiors made impossible demands.
We resist our passions not because we are strong, but because they are weak.
We resist patiently despite the many attacks.
We resist you.
We resolved longstanding disputes.
We resolved our disagreement.
We respect Silya.
We respect Tom a lot.
We respect Tom.
We respect each other's boundaries.
We respect each other.
We respect her.
We respect him all the more for his honesty.
We respect him as a good senior.
We respect him.
We respect our brave ones.
We respect our elders.
We respect our teachers.
We respect people.
We respect that.
We respect the regulation.
We respect them a lot.
We respect them as they are.
We respect them.
We respect what belongs to others.
We respect you.
We respect your decision.
We respect your opinion.
We respected Tom.
We respected him all the more.
We respected what belongs to others.
We respond to the delicate beauty of the cherry blossoms in the spring moonlight.
We responded differently.
We rested for a while.
We rested on some stones.
We rested there for a week.
We rested there for an hour.
We restore antique furniture.
We restored harmony among all parties.
We restrained the boy from breaking the window.
We restrained them.
We resulted in making a deal.
We resumed conversation for a few minutes.
We resumed negotiations with that company.
We resumed paddling.
We retire at eleven o'clock.
We retire at eleven o’clock.
We retraced our steps.
We return to Australia on October 20th.
We return to the ship.
We returned from the woods at sunset with a basket filled with chestnuts.
We returned from the woods at sunset with a basketful of chestnuts.
We returned home after finishing the work.
We returned home wearily after our long journey.
We returned home.
We returned the greeting.
We returned the money.
We returned the shirts because they were too small.
We returned to Algeria.
We returned to Australia on October 20th.
We returned to Boston on October 20th.
We returned to Boston on October twentieth.
We returned to Honolulu on April 2.
We returned to Osaka on April 2.
We returned to Osaka on April 2nd.
We returned to camp before dark.
We returned to our hotel room.
We returned to our seats.
We returned without delay.
We reuse our bathwater for washing clothes.
We revealed the secret.
We rewarded Tom.
We rewrote it.
We rewrote the paragraph.
We rid his house of mice.
We ride at sunrise.
We ride the bus every day.
We ride the train.
We ridiculed him because of that thing.
We rigged the election.
We rise like the sun, bright and bold.
We rise like the sun, full of fire.
We rise like the sun, full of hope.
We rise like the tide, steady and sure.
We rise like the tide, unstoppable and sure.
We rise on quiet wings.
We rise together, stronger each time.
We rise together, stronger with each step forward.
We rise together, stronger with each step.
We rise with dignity.
We rise with each new challenge.
We rise with each new dawn.
We rise with each passing day.
We rise with grace.
We rise with quiet hearts.
We rise with quiet might.
We rise with quiet power.
We rise with quiet resolve.
We rise with the courage of our ancestors.
We rise with the dawn, unafraid.
We rise with the morning sun.
We rise with the power of stillness.
We rise with the power of the ocean behind us.
We rise with the promise of a new day.
We rise with the strength of the earth.
We rise with the strength of the mountains.
We rise with the sun, hopeful for the day ahead.
We rise with the tide, steady and strong.
We rise, hand in hand, stronger together.
We rise, stronger with each step.
We rise, unafraid of the dark.
We rise, unafraid of what lies ahead.
We rise, unbowed by fear.
We rise, unshaken by fear.
We risk losing control of the situation if we don't act quickly.
We risk tilting ourselves into a downward spiral of defeatism.
We risked our lives for it.
We roared with laughter.
We roast just enough beans for the amount we're going to drink, and grind them in the coffee mill.
We roast just enough beans for the amount we’re going to drink, and grind them in the coffee mill.
We roasted corn over the fire.
We roasted marshmallows over the campfire.
We robbed the bank.
We rode a boat to the island.
We rode a taxi to the restaurant.
We rode around Australia in a bus doing drag shows.
We rode at full speed the whole way.
We rode in an elevator.
We rode in the back of Tom's pickup truck.
We rode in the same compartment.
We rode on a boat.
We rode our bicycles around the lake.
We rode through a very picturesque seaside village.
We rode to the ranch on horseback.
We rode to wekfadu.
We rode up in the elevator together.
We rode with Tom.
We rolled into a station and the train stopped.
We rolled out the red carpet for the princess.
We rolled the log over the hill.
We rolled up the rug.
We roped in some major partners.
We rose from our seats when the national anthem was played.
We rounded the corner, and the lake appeared before us.
We rowed across the lake.
We rowed up the river against the current.
We rubbed our feet.
We ruined Dad's jeans.
We ruined Mina.
We ruined everything.
We ruined it.
We ruined the donuts.
We ruined the lunch.
We ruined the moment.
We ruined the party.
We ruined the whole thing.
We ruled out the plan.
We run away from the enemies.
We run every day.
We run into each other quite often.
We run morning and evening.
We run the restaurant.
We run the rope through the hole - and voila!
We run the store jointly.
We run together.
We rushed along the pavement, bare-headed as we were, and at the far corner we found a policeman standing.
We rushed away.
We rushed home.
We rushed inside.
We rushed out into the street.
We rushed out onto the street.
We rushed outside.
We rushed to catch up.
We rushed to join the others.
We rushed to not arrive late.
We rushed to the railway station.
We rushed towards him.
We sacrifice a lot.
We sacrificed a lot.
We safely arrived at the hospital.
We said "Thanks for the meal" to the cook.
We said a lot of things.
We said everything.
We said goodbye to Tom.
We said goodbye to her.
We said hi to Tom.
We said in unison that we didn't agree to the suggestion.
We said in unison that we didn’t agree to the suggestion.
We said no.
We said nothing.
We said our word.
We said something.
We said that we had been in Peru for five years.
We said that.
We said they wouldn't end the war.
We said we should win.
We said we wanted to try.
We said we'd be discreet.
We said yes.
We sail for San Francisco on Monday.
We sail tomorrow.
We sailed against the wind.
We sailed along the coast.
We sailed from Yokohama to Kobe.
We sailed in a boat on the river.
We sailed in a gentle breeze.
We sailed our canoes across the lake by using our tarps as sails.
We saluted the flag.
We sang "Happy Birthday" in Berber.
We sang Christmas songs in the car all the way to Tom's house.
We sang a beautiful song.
We sang a duet.
We sang a song.
We sang alone.
We sang and danced at the party.
We sang and we loved it.
We sang around the campfire.
We sang around the fire when it got dark.
We sang as loudly as we could.
We sang as we hiked along the river.
We sang as we walked.
We sang every song we knew.
We sang for Tom.
We sang for her.
We sang for them.
We sang for three hours.
We sang in a choir when we were kids.
We sang in chorus to the piano.
We sang in loud voices.
We sang in the choir when we were children.
We sang some folk songs from Australia.
We sang some hymns.
We sang some songs around the campfire.
We sang songs around the campfire.
We sang songs in chorus.
We sang songs in the car all the way to his house.
We sang the Canadian national anthem.
We sang the Esperanto anthem together.
We sang the national anthem all day long.
We sang to you and you did not dance we cried and you did not lament.
We sang until our lungs hurt.
We sang well.
We sang while hiking.
We sang with Tom.
We sang with the sopranos.
We sang, danced and chatted after dinner.
We sang, danced, laughed, and played.
We sat across from each other.
We sat and smoked.
We sat and waited.
We sat around the campfire roasting marshmallows.
We sat around the campfire, roasting marshmallows and singing songs.
We sat around the campfire.
We sat around the fire and sang songs.
We sat around the fire in a circle.
We sat around the fire.
We sat around the table.
We sat at a table in a dimly lit bar.
We sat at home in pajamas.
We sat at the airport lounge.
We sat at the back of the hall.
We sat at the front.
We sat at the same table.
We sat at the station for hours waiting for a train.
We sat at the table in silence.
We sat by the fire, warming ourselves.
We sat by the river.
We sat down and hashed out all the details until we reached an agreement.
We sat down and started eating.
We sat down at the table and ordered.
We sat down at the table for dinner.
We sat down at the table.
We sat down face to face.
We sat down next to her.
We sat down next to him.
We sat down on a bench to talk.
We sat down to dinner in opposition to each other.
We sat down to have lunch.
We sat down.
We sat face to face with executives.
We sat face to face.
We sat for some time in silence.
We sat in a boat.
We sat in a ring.
We sat in complete silence.
We sat in front of the fireplace, drinking eggnog and listening to Christmas music.
We sat in front of the fireplace.
We sat in lawn chairs and stared at the mountain.
We sat in our living room drinking tea.
We sat in silence for a little while.
We sat in the Strasbourg salle-à-manger arguing the question for half an hour.
We sat in the back of the auditorium.
We sat in the back of the bus.
We sat in the back.
We sat in the center of the room.
We sat in the front.
We sat in the garden.
We sat in the nose-bleed-section and could barely see the game.
We sat in the pub on the corner. There was laughter coming from the pool table, and I was on my third pint of Pils.
We sat in the shade.
We sat in the very back of the auditorium.
We sat in total silence.
We sat near Tom.
We sat near the fire.
We sat next to Tom.
We sat next to each other.
We sat on a bench for five minutes waiting for the restaurant to open.
We sat on a bench for five minutes waiting for them to open the restaurant.
We sat on a bench in the park.
We sat on a bench near the porch.
We sat on the bench and had a long conversation.
We sat on the bench for half an hour, waiting for Tom.
We sat on the bench in the park.
We sat on the fence.
We sat on the grass.
We sat on the park bench and fed the pigeons.
We sat on the stairs.
We sat over a fire.
We sat round the fire.
We sat side by side.
We sat speaking this and that.
We sat still.
We sat talking about the remote past.
We sat talking about this and that.
We sat there.
We sat together at the counter.
We sat together in silence for some time.
We sat together on a park bench.
We sat together on the bus.
We sat together on the train.
We sat up all night talking.
We sat up half the night just talking.
We sat, as it were, on a volcano.
We saved Tom.
We saved a little bird who had fallen out of the nest.
We saved a lot of time by going down Park Street.
We saved a lot of time thanks to this machine.
We saved a place for you.
We saved everything we could before the house burned down.
We saved money.
We saved some money.
We saved the best for last.
We saved the girl from Tom. He would probably have hurt her.
We saved you a seat right here.
We saved you a seat.
We saved your life.
We savored a beef burgers.
We savored a beef pot roast.
We savored each bite of the moist cake.
We savored the rich flavors of the multi-layered cake.
We saw Gabor's new treehouse.
We saw Jane swimming across the river.
We saw Mac make a fantastic shot.
We saw Mom from the stage.
We saw Mr Sato leave the room.
We saw Mr. Sato leave the room.
We saw Nuja at the bar this afternoon kissing another man.
We saw Olga as she rode up in the Ferris wheel.
We saw Rima at the airport.
We saw Tom as we were leaving the hotel.
We saw Tom at the airport.
We saw Tom at the zoo.
We saw Tom crying.
We saw Tom dance.
We saw Tom dancing.
We saw Tom do it.
We saw Tom doing it.
We saw Tom doing that.
We saw Tom get into a taxi.
We saw Tom get on the bus.
We saw Tom getting in a limo with two escort girls.
We saw Tom in the park yesterday.
We saw Tom in the park.
We saw Tom juggling three balls.
We saw Tom kissing Mary.
We saw Tom last night.
We saw Tom leave.
We saw Tom leaving.
We saw Tom off at the airport.
We saw Tom on TV.
We saw Tom on our way here.
We saw Tom on the beach.
We saw Tom riding a bicycle.
We saw Tom smiling.
We saw Tom talking to Mary in the park this morning.
We saw Tom talking to Mary.
We saw Tom walk across the street.
We saw Tom yesterday.
We saw Tom's dance.
We saw Tom.
We saw a Catalan theater group perform Carmina Burana.
We saw a Chinese film in this cinema on Saturday night.
We saw a UFO.
We saw a beautiful orchid with deciduous leaves.
We saw a beautiful waterfall.
We saw a bird in the distance.
We saw a boy run over by a truck.
We saw a bunch of birds.
We saw a castle ahead of us.
We saw a castle in the distance.
We saw a dead body in the alley.
We saw a dim light beyond the river.
We saw a dim light in the darkness.
We saw a dim light in the distance.
We saw a dog.
We saw a double rainbow, which the kids especially enjoyed.
We saw a drunk guy fall down the stairs.
We saw a family of elephants drinking from a river in the heart of the jungle.
We saw a fish splashing in the water.
We saw a flock of birds flying in a V formation.
We saw a flying saucer.
We saw a fox in the woods.
We saw a funny movie last Sunday.
We saw a funny program on TV.
We saw a good film yesterday.
We saw a herd of giraffes in that area.
We saw a herd of sheep.
We saw a jet plane fly across the sky.
We saw a joyful sight.
We saw a lake far below.
We saw a light far away.
We saw a light in the distance.
We saw a lion.
We saw a little light in the distance.
We saw a lot of dead fish on the beach.
We saw a lot of live fish in the pond.
We saw a lot of peculiar plants in the botanic garden.
We saw a lot of ships in the harbor.
We saw a lot of ships in the harbour.
We saw a lot of snow last year.
We saw a lot of yellow butterflies today.
We saw a man with a dog standing near the telephone booth.
We saw a moose today.
We saw a mountain in the distance.
We saw a mouse.
We saw a movie about birds last night.
We saw a movie yesterday. Did you like it?
We saw a mummy at the museum.
We saw a mummy in the museum.
We saw a patrol car running at full speed.
We saw a pregnant cat near the casino entrance.
We saw a pride of lions.
We saw a procession of giraffes.
We saw a small island beyond.
We saw a strange object in the sky.
We saw a stranger enter the house.
We saw a stranger walking outside.
We saw a tall man leave the building immediately before we heard the explosion.
We saw a terrible movie last night.
We saw a theatre piece which brings the true prejudices of the present society.
We saw a train moving on the old railroad track.
We saw a troop of monkeys moving from tree to tree.
We saw a volcano called Vesuvius.
We saw a white ship far away.
We saw a wolf.
We saw all the houses pulled down one after another.
We saw an ad in the newspaper for a house that costs R$125,000.00.
We saw an elk today.
We saw an interesting program on television yesterday.
We saw an island in the distance.
We saw an old house being torn down.
We saw an old hut at the edge of the forest.
We saw an old hut at the edge of the woods.
We saw an old hut standing at the margin of the forest.
We saw an old man stumbling toward us.
We saw another ship far ahead.
We saw another ship far away.
We saw another ship in the distance.
We saw bent and twisted guardrails.
We saw both.
We saw children getting on the bus.
We saw clouds above the mountain.
We saw collapsed ancient houses.
We saw cows grazing in the meadow.
We saw dolphins jumping out of the water.
We saw dolphins.
We saw each other last week.
We saw each other on the street.
We saw everything.
We saw flamingos everywhere.
We saw footprints of a bear in the snow.
We saw guards coming toward us, so we hid in the bushes.
We saw her at the airport.
We saw her dance.
We saw her do it.
We saw her enter the park.
We saw her enter the room.
We saw her face.
We saw her last night.
We saw her off at the airport.
We saw her on the beach.
We saw her when leaving the house.
We saw her.
We saw him do it.
We saw him in a car.
We saw him just now.
We saw him last night.
We saw him on the beach.
We saw him pass by.
We saw him passing by.
We saw him the night that we went to see the play.
We saw him walk across the street.
We saw him walking across the street.
We saw him.
We saw his face.
We saw his flock of geese.
We saw it all.
We saw it as well.
We saw it happen.
We saw it on the news.
We saw it, as well.
We saw it, too.
We saw it.
We saw jackals.
We saw laborers blasting rocks.
We saw many animals in the forest.
We saw many dead fish on the beach.
We saw many dockworkers unloading the ship.
We saw many locals stopping by for to-go orders.
We saw many middle-aged women sunbathing on the beach.
We saw many ships in the harbor.
We saw many ships in the harbour.
We saw many sunbathers on the beach.
We saw many taxis waiting outside the theater.
We saw many unusual plants in the botanical garden.
We saw men carrying guns.
We saw men with guns.
We saw monkeys at the zoo.
We saw nothing strange.
We saw nothing.
We saw one once.
We saw only a few people.
We saw our faces in the mirror.
We saw our former employer at a conference.
We saw our names on the list.
We saw paramedics treating the gunshot victims.
We saw planes flying at the airport.
We saw several beached whales.
We saw several police cars with sirens blaring and lights flashing racing down the road.
We saw several swallowtails and caterpillars. And there's this really fat one that should be turning into a chrysalis soon.
We saw smoke in the distance.
We saw so many bands at that venue.
We saw some fishing boats not far offshore.
We saw some houses in the distance.
We saw some huts on the beach.
We saw some old houses being pulled down.
We saw some old houses being torn down.
We saw some old houses pulled down.
We saw some people coming toward us.
We saw something in the distance that we thought was a pirate ship.
We saw something in the distance we believed to be a pirate ship.
We saw something in the distance we thought was a pirate ship.
We saw something move in the shadows just up ahead.
We saw something white in the dark.
We saw something.
We saw terrible scenes on TV.
We saw that a nail was stuck in the tyre.
We saw that as our forever love.
We saw that baker.
We saw that the plan would end in failure.
We saw that today.
We saw the Sultan, but he didn't help us.
We saw the Venus of Willendorf in Vienna.
We saw the airplane.
We saw the battle.
We saw the bird when we visited Okinawa.
We saw the boat tossing on the stormy sea.
We saw the boy that I hit.
We saw the car start.
We saw the child get on the bus.
We saw the child step off the bus.
We saw the children enter the room.
We saw the children playing.
We saw the drum set at the store.
We saw the file.
We saw the film and had dinner together.
We saw the fireworks on the 4th of July.
We saw the first star shining in the sky.
We saw the gleam of a distant lighthouse.
We saw the ground covered with snow.
We saw the hill appear.
We saw the island in the distance.
We saw the lady carried away to the hospital.
We saw the light.
We saw the military attaché of the American Embassy.
We saw the monkey at the zoo.
We saw the mosque was burning.
We saw the movie and had dinner together.
We saw the news.
We saw the old building pulled down.
We saw the parade move down the street.
We saw the picture.
We saw the sea reflected in the mirror of the restaurant.
We saw the shooter.
We saw the sights of the city this afternoon.
We saw the student.
We saw the sun disappearing below the horizon.
We saw the sun going down.
We saw the sun rise above the horizon.
We saw the sun sink below the horizon.
We saw the taxi waiting near the park.
We saw the tower from a distance.
We saw the tower in the distance.
We saw the town which had been captured.
We saw the traces of a bear in the snow.
We saw the true picture of our culture.
We saw the twins yesterday.
We saw the two teachers.
We saw the vehicle was tumbling indicating that controllability was lost…
We saw the video multiple times.
We saw the video.
We saw the waiter coming through the door.
We saw the whole thing.
We saw them dance.
We saw them do it.
We saw them go.
We saw them last night.
We saw them leave.
We saw them on TV.
We saw them on the beach.
We saw them yesterday.
We saw them.
We saw this Japanese movie without translation.
We saw this coming.
We saw this movie and we loved it.
We saw three men approaching in the dark.
We saw three men.
We saw three ships on the horizon.
We saw three ships.
We saw through your lies.
We saw virtually no people or cars – a surreal scene for residents long accustomed to Rome’s unbearable traffic with its honking cars and scooters whizzing by left and right.
We saw what happened.
We saw what looked like an oasis in the desert.
We saw what you could do.
We saw you at the beach.
We saw you at the theatre yesterday.
We saw you come in.
We saw you coming out of the bar.
We saw you do it.
We saw you driving away.
We saw you last night.
We saw you on TV.
We saw you on the beach.
We saw you.
We saw your truck on the road.
We say goodbye to our school friends.
We say grace at every meal.
We say that there's a man in the moon but no-one really believes it.
We say that we judge people based on their contents, but in the end, don't we just judge them based on their exterior?
We say that we judge people based on their contents, but in the ends, don't we just judge the based on the part of them that we can see outside?
We scaled a sharp peak.
We scaled up Mount Fuji last year.
We scanned the book for relevant information.
We scarcely ever do that anymore.
We scarcely had time for lunch.
We scared Nuja.
We scared Tom.
We scared the tiger off.
We scattered seeds all over the field.
We scattered.
We scheduled the trip to Algeria.
We scratch where it itches.
We screamed.
We screwed up there.
We sealed the envelope.
We search for food every day.
We search for our lives in books.
We search supporters.
We searched all over for them.
We searched everywhere but found nothing.
We searched everywhere.
We searched for Mina.
We searched for books in the library catalog.
We searched for the two boys everywhere, but neither could be found.
We searched the area.
We searched the entire shop for Tom, and found him in the toy department.
We searched the house from top to bottom.
We searched the whole house meticulously and found nothing.
We searched the woods for the missing child.
We season with salt.
We seasoned the black-eyed beans well.
We secretly eat.
We seduced Mina.
We see John going to church.
We see Tom every day.
We see a house.
We see a lot of cars in the street.
We see a lot of cars on the street.
We see a resurgence of the wildlife.
We see a sleeping car there.
We see a snow-capped mountain.
We see each other almost every day.
We see each other at school almost every day.
We see each other at the supermarket now and then.
We see each other every day.
We see each other every other day.
We see each other next week.
We see each other once a month.
We see each other only at the weekend.
We see each other only at weekends.
We see each other only on weekends.
We see each other regularly.
We see each other very often.
We see her every now and then.
We see her on occasion.
We see him as the best player in the team.
We see him every day.
We see him now and then.
We see how children adopt the behaviours of their parents.
We see in nature the cycling or spiralling of things. Subsequently, we can surmise that a being may have such cycling or spiralling of life and death by some element, soul or consciousness stream, of that being. My father, before his death, told me that he would be reborn through "mind" transmigration in a new body, a baby, in a different world, "planet," he clarified. There, he would live a new life. Everywhere in nature, there is cycling or spiralling.
We see it as a great honour that the findings of our research have been recognised in this way.
We see little snow here.
We see our friends.
We see ourselves with a different eye from the one through which we see our fellows.
We see people do that every day.
We see people for their potential.
We see so much advertised about happiness, but practically speaking, we see so few happy people.
We see that John is going to church.
We see that children with bad behaviour due to their learning difficulties are more likely to get excluded.
We see that it's happening.
We see that the one who killed him is right-handed.
We see that the real world is becoming a world of merchandise.
We see that we are unable to get the upper hand.
We see the Federal Government trying to make decisions for people that have always been decisions that the people could always make for themselves.
We see the War-God glorying in his might; / up to the roof we see the Danaos pour; / their shielded penthouse drives against the door.
We see the crumbling of the nation, the breaking up and disintegration, until the only suitable picture is that of the valley of dry bones, very many and much scattered, unrelated, unarticulated, disintegrated.
We see the same behaviour in cats and dogs.
We see the same side of the moon at all times.
We see them on occasion.
We see things differently according to whether we are rich or poor.
We see things differently, according to whether we are rich or poor.
We see things differently.
We see things only as we are constructed to see them, and can gain no idea of their absolute nature.
We see this all the time.
We see too many governments muzzling journalists and quashing dissent and censoring the flow of information.
We see too many governments muzzling journalists, and quashing dissent, and censoring the flow of information.
We see what we expect to see.
We see what we want to see.
We see who laughs- we don't see who cries.
We see with our eyes, we hear with our ears, we touch with our skin, we smell with our nose, and we taste with our tongue.
We see with our eyes.
We see you.
We see.
We seek beauty not in perfection, but in truth.
We seek happiness.
We seek knowledge not for its own sake, but for wisdom.
We seek not just to survive, but to thrive.
We seek the beauty that lies hidden in every moment.
We seek their input.
We seek to understand before we speak.
We seek truth in stillness.
We seem to agree on everything.
We seem to be confused.
We seem to be making progress.
We seem to be transported, as in a dream, to the vines, and orange-groves, and cloudless skies of Greece, and the wearied spirit abandons itself for a while to the soft influences of the azure heaven, the countless luxuriance of roses, the undulating forms of the fair girls dancing in the shade, while youthful attendants brim the beaker with wine.
We seem to be trapped.
We seem to have a little problem here.
We seem to have a problem.
We seem to have arrived a few minutes early.
We seem to have escaped from danger.
We seem to have lost Tom.
We seem to have lost her.
We seem to have lost him.
We seem to have lost our quorum.
We seem to have lost them.
We seem to keep grappling with the same old problem.
We seem to like the same kind of music.
We seemed concerned.
We seemed different.
We seemed happy.
We seemed sad.
We seemed secure of victory.
We seemed spooked.
We seemed then to be all of the same age.
We seized the town after a short battle.
We seldom come to Boston.
We seldom do that anymore.
We seldom do that by ourselves.
We seldom do that here.
We seldom do that.
We seldom get snow here.
We seldom get the opportunity to do this.
We seldom get to Boston.
We seldom go to Boston anymore.
We seldom go to Boston.
We seldom have guests.
We seldom have snow here.
We seldom kiss each other anymore.
We seldom met each other.
We seldom see Tom do that.
We seldom see Tom here nowadays.
We seldom see Tom nowadays.
We seldom see Tom riding a bicycle.
We seldom see Tom.
We seldom see ducks around here.
We seldom sing.
We seldom speak French here anymore.
We seldom speak French here.
We seldom use the landline.
We selected the chairman by a vote.
We sell Kabyle dresses at fair prices.
We sell a variety of brands.
We sell a variety of products.
We sell a wide range of products.
We sell all kinds of clothes here.
We sell all kinds of things here.
We sell clothes in our shop.
We sell clothing in our store.
We sell dogs and cats.
We sell everything.
We sell everything: from soup to nuts.
We sell flowers and plants.
We sell flowers and seeds.
We sell flowers.
We sell fresh beef.
We sell fresh meat.
We sell fruit.
We sell goods on commission.
We sell jewelry in the jewelry store.
We sell large books and small books, thick books and thin books, clever books and stupid books.
We sell metal, paper, and wooden plates.
We sell mostly to women.
We sell olive oil for 20 euros per litre.
We sell only frozen food here.
We sell orange juice.
We sell petrified wood.
We sell sensors for motorized awnings.
We sell shoes.
We sell silk fabrics.
We sell silk.
We sell sugar by the pound.
We sell these around the world.
We sell vegetables.
We send her some flower on her birthday.
We send our condolences for the loss of your aunt.
We sensed a melancholy note in his voice.
We sent Mom tons of texts.
We sent Tom a copy.
We sent an official request to the prosecutor's office.
We sent everyone home early.
We sent flowers.
We sent for a doctor.
We sent her a copy.
We sent him a copy.
We sent him immediately to the hospital.
We sent him straight to hospital.
We sent him to hospital immediately.
We sent him to the hospital immediately.
We sent our children to an Islamic school.
We sent out the invitations yesterday.
We sent some flowers to the hospital to cheer her up.
We sent the book by mail.
We sent the kids home.
We sent the letter to someone else.
We sent the pictures to Mom.
We sent the tapes to every major TV network.
We sent them a copy.
We sent you a letter.
We sent you a text message, please enter the token we sent.
We sent you a text message, please enter the tokens we sent.
We sent you an email with an activation link.
We sent you an email, please enter the token we sent.
We sent you an email.
We sent you the book at your request.
We serve Kabyle food.
We serve drinks.
We serve wine, mixed drinks, and both domestic and imported beers.
We served customers.
We served sandwiches.
We served the kids lemonade.
We served together in the armed forces.
We set a trap to catch a fox.
We set a trap to catch rabbits.
We set a trap.
We set aside the share of the absent ones.
We set fire to our house.
We set limits for him.
We set off early in the morning.
We set off first thing.
We set our course south for Algeria.
We set out by car.
We set out course for Algiers.
We set out for home.
We set out on our journey full of hope.
We set out traps for catching cockroaches.
We set out when the rain had eased.
We set the price at thirty dollars.
We set the table.
We set the time and date for the game.
We set this fire and now it's burning down the house.
We set to work with all our might and main.
We set up a flag on the mountaintop.
We set up an obstacle course.
We set up our tent and built a campfire.
We set up our tents before dark.
We set up out camp.
We set up the tent next to the river.
We set up the tent.
We set up the yurt on the top of the hill.
We settled for a draw.
We settled this generations ago.
We sew with a needle.
We shall all die some day.
We shall all fulfill our duty.
We shall all miss you when you go away.
We shall annihilate anyone who stands in our way!
We shall be landing in 15 minutes.
We shall be pleased to comply with your request.
We shall consider your request favourably.
We shall continue our efforts to eradicate racial discrimination.
We shall defend Algeria to the last drop of our blood.
We shall defend Algeria's unity to the last drop of our blood.
We shall die sooner or later.
We shall do this free of charge.
We shall enter to see him.
We shall explore every planet orbiting the Sun.
We shall fix all bugs today before leaving the office.
We shall form a liberal government that takes into account the interests of the people.
We shall give him an apple.
We shall give our verdict as soon as the final text is available.
We shall go on reading this book till the end of the year.
We shall go on reading this book until the end of the year.
We shall go on to the end. We shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be. We shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender.
We shall go to Deauville.
We shall go when the rain ceases.
We shall go.
We shall have a beautiful day.
We shall have the ability to respond rapidly and decisively to terrorism directed against us wherever it occurs.
We shall have to walk.
We shall hold on till the end.
We shall leave for home as soon as it stops raining.
We shall leave in the morning, weather permitting.
We shall leave tomorrow morning, weather permitting.
We shall leave tomorrow, weather permitting.
We shall make the water hot.
We shall meet again in Petersburg, as if there we had buried the sun.
We shall miss him.
We shall never agree on such a careless plan.
We shall never deny a guest even the most ridiculous request.
We shall never forget helping each other like this.
We shall never see her match.
We shall nobly save, or meanly lose, the last best hope of earth.
We shall not forget.
We shall not see his like again.
We shall not tolerate an impingement on human rights.
We shall overcome all our difficulties.
We shall play football together later in the evening, alright?
We shall put off our departure in case it rains.
We shall return to whence we came.
We shall run now.
We shall see if you are telling the truth.
We shall see.
We shall set off first thing.
We shall solve the problem without any difficulties.
We shall soon reach one hundred thirty thousand words. That achievement should be attributed to energy and to heart.
We shall start after breakfast.
We shall try to answer the following questions.
We shall try to minimize the risks to the public.
We shan't be able to get the door open without a key.
We shan't be able to open the door without a key.
We shan't be here the day after tomorrow.
We shan't be selecting Tom for the first team for the time being.
We shan't begin without your consent.
We shan't include Tom in the first team for the time being.
We shan't keep you too long.
We shaped the dough into buns.
We shaped the dough into burger buns.
We shaped the dough into individual buns.
We shaped the dough into mini buns.
We share a Netflix account.
We share a broadband subscription.
We share a dream.
We share a driveway with one of our neighbors.
We share everything we have.
We share in your loss.
We share nature with wild creatures.
We share our language with Portugal, so we're also going into Portuguese literature.
We share simple joys that make life beautiful.
We share some of the blame for this failure.
We share the housework.
We share the same destiny.
We share the same opinion.
We shared a bathroom.
We shared a childhood.
We shared a cinnamon bun.
We shared a gooey chocolate bun.
We shared a moment of awkward silence.
We shared a special bond with them, built on trust and mutual respect.
We shared everything.
We shared happy and important moments.
We shared ideas.
We shared many dreams together.
We shared many unforgettable experiences throughout the years.
We shared our lunch with Tom.
We shared stories to lighten the mood.
We shared stories while enjoying the delicious cake.
We shared the benefit together.
We shared the cake among ourselves.
We shared the cost of the meal.
We shared the hotel room.
We shared the money evenly among the three of us.
We shared the money evenly amongst the three of us.
We shared the money.
We shared the profit among us all.
We shared the profit equally.
We shared the same roof.
We sharpened our pencils.
We sharpened the knives.
We shaved our heads.
We sheared the ewe.
We sheltered under a tree.
We ship worldwide.
We shipped the following to you last week.
We shiver when we're cold because it's the body's way of keeping our organs from getting too cold.
We shiver when we're cold because it's the body's way of keeping our organs warm.
We shook Mina awake.
We shook hands and parted at the end of our journey.
We shook hands and said goodbye.
We shook hands, and he left.
We shook hands.
We shook nuts from the tree.
We shook on it.
We shook our heads.
We shoot and cry.
We shopped for shoes at the shopping mall.
We shot Tom.
We shot a goal.
We shot down enemy aircraft.
We shot her.
We shot him.
We shot our wad.
We shot pheasants by the hundred.
We shot the wolf.
We shot them.
We should abolish the death penalty.
We should acknowledge that things have improved, but we shouldn't be complacent.
We should acquaint ourselves with the facts.
We should act quickly.
We should act righteously and must remember that the future will pass a harsh judgement on our actions.
We should act so as to solve the problem.
We should admit to ourselves that this sentence is just ill-formed.
We should adopt Tom's proposal.
We should adopt flexible tactics for the moment.
We should adopt his proposal.
We should advise people to stay indoors after dark.
We should advise people to stay where they are.
We should air out the room.
We should align on our approach so that the team is not confused on what they'll need to do next.
We should all be afraid.
We should all be at the beach.
We should all be grateful.
We should all be protesting against this.
We should all be protesting this.
We should all be so lucky.
We should all celebrate, it's time for peace.
We should all go on a diet together.
We should all go to bed.
We should all go.
We should all have dinner.
We should all help each other.
We should all help provide starving people with food.
We should all help the homeless.
We should all learn foreign languages in order to be able to understand other countries’ cultures.
We should all learn from him.
We should all make an effort to save energy, starting with turning off the lights when we don't need them.
We should all reflect on this point.
We should all resign.
We should all sleep easier now.
We should all stick together.
We should all strive for equality amongst ourselves and towards animals.
We should all try a little harder.
We should all work together.
We should allow Tom to do that.
We should allow Tom to learn from his mistakes.
We should allow at least an hour to get there.
We should allow the use of switchblades in soccer.
We should always act in obedience to the law.
We should always be careful of what we do.
We should always be careful.
We should always be fully prepared for an earthquake.
We should always give our best.
We should always keep our promise.
We should always obey laws.
We should always put on a safety belt in case we have an accident.
We should always strive for the most simple and elegant solution.
We should always try to help others.
We should always wear a seatbelt in case we have an accident.
We should appeal to reason instead of resorting to violence.
We should apply severe measures for the economic crisis.
We should approach every problem by first composing ourselves and getting a grasp on the important aspects of the situation.
We should approach this problem from different angles.
We should ask Mary what she thinks about the situation.
We should ask Mary what she thinks we should do.
We should ask Mary what she thinks.
We should ask Mary which one she thinks we should buy.
We should ask Tom and Mary what they think about the situation.
We should ask Tom and Mary what they think we should do.
We should ask Tom and Mary what they think.
We should ask Tom and Mary which one they think we should buy.
We should ask Tom first.
We should ask Tom for permission.
We should ask Tom instead of Mary.
We should ask Tom to come and work for us.
We should ask Tom to come back.
We should ask Tom to come work for us.
We should ask Tom to do that for us.
We should ask Tom to help us.
We should ask Tom to join our band.
We should ask Tom to mow our lawn.
We should ask Tom to play drums for us.
We should ask Tom to work for us.
We should ask Tom what he thinks about the situation.
We should ask Tom what he thinks we should do.
We should ask Tom what he thinks.
We should ask Tom which one he thinks we should buy.
We should ask Tom.
We should ask for the opinion of other experts.
We should ask her.
We should ask him what he thinks before we decide.
We should ask him.
We should ask them.
We should at least consider Tom's suggestion.
We should avoid anything that will further polarize people's opinions.
We should avoid scaremongering.
We should avoid that completely.
We should avoid that if we can.
We should avoid this subject at night...
We should avoid writing sentences that are disrespectful, offensive or hateful.
We should back him up so as to make the project a success.
We should ban advertising aimed towards children.
We should be OK here for a bit.
We should be able to be there by 2:30.
We should be able to beat them.
We should be able to come up with a better plan than this.
We should be able to complete the work in five days.
We should be able to do a lot better than this next time.
We should be able to do a lot better than this.
We should be able to find what we're looking for in Australia.
We should be able to find what we're looking for in Boston.
We should be able to finish doing this by 2:30.
We should be able to finish this by 2:30.
We should be able to finish this in a day or two.
We should be able to fix this like we did last time.
We should be able to help you.
We should be able to make it work.
We should be arriving in Boston around 2:30.
We should be ashamed of ourselves for treating Tom that way.
We should be awesome next year.
We should be back before 2:30.
We should be back before nightfall.
We should be back on the road soon.
We should be better than this.
We should be careful what we say.
We should be careful.
We should be celebrating tonight.
We should be celebrating.
We should be confident.
We should be conscious of our shortcomings.
We should be considerate to the old.
We should be dead by now.
We should be devoted to our loved ones always.
We should be doing something now.
We should be doing sport right now, alas it is raining.
We should be extremely cautious.
We should be faithful to our principles.
We should be fighting with Tom.
We should be fine.
We should be finished doing this by 2:30.
We should be focusing on what needs to be done.
We should be friends.
We should be frugal in housekeeping.
We should be frugal in management.
We should be getting back to work.
We should be getting back.
We should be getting close.
We should be getting home now.
We should be going now.
We should be going.
We should be grateful that Algeria did not collapse in the 1990s.
We should be grateful that Algeria did not disintegrate in the 1990s.
We should be happy for Tom.
We should be happy for them.
We should be happy in Algeria.
We should be happy.
We should be having some fun.
We should be headed for world peace.
We should be helping.
We should be home soon.
We should be honest about the responsibility it takes.
We should be hosting them tomorrow.
We should be in Australia by this time next week.
We should be in Australia by this time tomorrow.
We should be in Australia soon.
We should be in Australia with Tom.
We should be in Boston by 2:30 tomorrow afternoon.
We should be in Boston by this time tomorrow.
We should be in Boston soon.
We should be in Boston with Tom.
We should be in Paris by this time tomorrow.
We should be in a position to help you.
We should be kind to each other.
We should be kind to the aged.
We should be men first, and citizens second.
We should be millionaires soon.
We should be millionaires.
We should be more careful to recycle more trash.
We should be more careful.
We should be more talkative.
We should be on our way.
We should be outside on a nice day like this.
We should be partners.
We should be paying attention.
We should be prepared for all contingencies.
We should be prepared for that contingency.
We should be promoting Algerian products and making them competitive.
We should be proud of ourselves.
We should be prudent and watchful.
We should be safe here.
We should be safe in here.
We should be safe in our homes.
We should be safe now.
We should be someplace else.
We should be talking directly to Tom.
We should be talking to Tom.
We should be talking to her.
We should be talking to him.
We should be talking to them.
We should be thankful of death as it takes the worst of us away.
We should be the last people on earth to approve of the use of atomic energy for military purposes.
We should be there by noon.
We should be there by the time the sun sets.
We should be there helping Tom.
We should be there helping her.
We should be there helping him.
We should be there helping them.
We should be there helping you.
We should be there in about thirty minutes.
We should be there in half an hour or so.
We should be there in no time.
We should be there soon.
We should be there with Tom.
We should be there with her.
We should be there with him.
We should be there with them.
We should be there with you.
We should be there.
We should be through soon.
We should be together.
We should be urging the Japanese to move their verbs from the ends of sentences to the position following their subjects. You know, the place where they belong!
We should be very careful.
We should be very concerned.
We should be winning.
We should be with Tom.
We should be with her.
We should be with him.
We should be with our families.
We should be with them.
We should be with you.
We should be worried.
We should bear in mind what is called wisdom is not a mere item of knowledge.
We should become unique, mature individuals.
We should both do that.
We should both go.
We should both shower if we're going to do that.
We should brainstorm all the possibilities.
We should break up.
We should bring another bottle of wine.
We should bring some bear spray.
We should build a snowman.
We should build a wall.
We should build bridges, not walls.
We should build something.
We should burn all these documents.
We should buy her a new sewing machine.
We should buy that lamp.
We should call Mary and see if she needs any help.
We should call Tom and Mary and see if they need any help.
We should call Tom and see if he needs any help.
We should call Tom immediately.
We should call Tom.
We should call a doctor.
We should call an ambulance.
We should call her.
We should call him.
We should call off the search.
We should call the doctor.
We should call the police.
We should call them.
We should cancel our party.
We should cancel that appointment.
We should cancel the hike.
We should cancel the meeting.
We should celebrate Halloween together.
We should celebrate the victory.
We should celebrate together.
We should celebrate.
We should change it.
We should change our locks.
We should change something.
We should change that rule.
We should change the bedclothes.
We should change the name of our band.
We should check it out ourselves.
We should check the spread of the disease.
We should classify them before throwing them out.
We should clean out the fridge and throw away expired food.
We should clean the refrigerator and remove expired food.
We should collaborate on the project.
We should collaborate.
We should come here more often.
We should come home as early as possible to get dinner fixed for tonight.
We should come in.
We should come up with a plan.
We should compile a list of everybody who would be willing to help.
We should concentrate on one thing at a time.
We should confine the discussion to the question at issue.
We should confirm his intentions once more.
We should conform to the customs of society.
We should consider Tom's suggestion.
We should consider a combined effort.
We should consider buying one of those.
We should consider doing that together.
We should consider hiring Tom to do that for us.
We should consider it.
We should consider moving to a safer location.
We should consider the problem from a child's perspective.
We should consider the problem from a child's point of view.
We should consider the problem from a child’s perspective.
We should consider the problem from a child’s point of view.
We should consider this problem as a whole.
We should consider time as a resource as well, just like oxygen.
We should continue along this path.
We should continue doing this.
We should continue helping Tom.
We should continue in this direction.
We should continue the discussion as soon as possible.
We should cooperate.
We should cultivate our minds by reading good books.
We should cut our losses.
We should deal fairly with each other.
We should deal with this matter first before we move on to something new.
We should deal with this matter first before we start something new.
We should deal with this matter without delay.
We should deal with this problem today.
We should decide that soon.
We should decide today.
We should definitely do that.
We should definitely hang out sometime.
We should definitely meet again soon.
We should deny our children things too sweet.
We should deposit this money in a bank.
We should determine what is to be done first.
We should discover the proper way to remediate the effects of greenhouse gases.
We should discuss about it face to face with the director.
We should discuss any potential triggers or emotional boundaries you may have.
We should discuss that.
We should discuss this further.
We should discuss this in private.
We should discuss this later.
We should discuss this topic in more detail at the next meeting.
We should discuss this.
We should distinguish a good book from a bad one.
We should do as Tom and Mary suggest.
We should do as Tom suggests.
We should do as much as we can for Tom.
We should do away with out-of-date customs.
We should do away with such a bad custom.
We should do away with the death penalty.
We should do away with these old rules.
We should do away with this regulation.
We should do away with those bad customs.
We should do better.
We should do everything ourselves.
We should do it by committee.
We should do it later.
We should do it ourselves.
We should do it, because it's right.
We should do it.
We should do justice to both sides on that issue.
We should do more stuff together.
We should do more to protect the ozone layer from damage.
We should do more to protect the ozone layer from further damage.
We should do more.
We should do nothing.
We should do our best to make things different.
We should do our best.
We should do our homework.
We should do our utmost to establish world peace.
We should do something about it.
We should do something about that today.
We should do something about that.
We should do something for him.
We should do something like what Tom and Mary are doing.
We should do something like what Tom is doing.
We should do something special.
We should do something this weekend.
We should do something to help them.
We should do something together next weekend.
We should do something.
We should do that again sometime.
We should do that again.
We should do that as soon as possible.
We should do that as soon as we can.
We should do that by ourselves.
We should do that here, too.
We should do that sometime.
We should do that soon.
We should do that together sometime.
We should do that together.
We should do that.
We should do the same thing Tom and Mary are doing.
We should do the same thing Tom is doing.
We should do the same thing you're doing.
We should do this again sometime.
We should do this again tomorrow.
We should do this again.
We should do this every Monday.
We should do this every day.
We should do this more often.
We should do this once a week.
We should do this while we still can.
We should do this, too.
We should do this.
We should do what Tom and Mary are doing.
We should do what Tom is doing.
We should do what we always do.
We should do what you're doing.
We should double date more often.
We should draw the line between public and private affairs.
We should drink 3 liters of water daily.
We should drink 64 ounces of fluids a day.
We should drink clean water.
We should drink more tea and less coffee.
We should eat at least five portions of fruits and vegetables every day.
We should eat healthy food.
We should eat lunch together sometime.
We should eat more vegetables.
We should eat only healthy food.
We should eat out more often.
We should eat outside on such a beautiful evening.
We should eat pizza.
We should eat something.
We should eat the food provided without being fussy.
We should eat together.
We should eat with Tom.
We should eat with her.
We should eat.
We should embrace that.
We should enable children to empower themselves. We can't do it for them.
We should encourage Tom to do that.
We should encourage pupils to speak Berber at every opportunity.
We should excavate. Who knows, maybe we'll find something important and become famous.
We should exercise more.
We should expect some chaos.
We should face up to this issue.
We should feel bad for them.
We should feel flattered.
We should feel for the pains of others.
We should figure out what to do next.
We should find a place to hide.
We should find out pretty soon.
We should find out soon enough.
We should find out what happened later today.
We should find out when Tom's funeral is.
We should find the time for it.
We should find the time for that.
We should find the time.
We should find time for it.
We should find time for that.
We should finish by 2:30 p.m.
We should finish this project soon, maybe even by the end of this week.
We should finish this.
We should follow Tom's advice.
We should follow Tom.
We should follow her.
We should follow him.
We should follow his example.
We should follow that advice.
We should follow the path of respect.
We should follow the rules.
We should follow the teacher's advice.
We should follow them.
We should frighten Tom a bit.
We should furnish enough food for sufferers.
We should get Tom to do that for us.
We should get Tom to help us.
We should get Tom to teach Mary French.
We should get a dog.
We should get a move on.
We should get a new car.
We should get a new computer.
We should get a new lamp.
We should get a shopping cart.
We should get along just fine.
We should get away from here as quickly as we can.
We should get away from here.
We should get back home.
We should get back to work.
We should get back upstairs.
We should get dinner.
We should get going now.
We should get going on that.
We should get going.
We should get him a present.
We should get married.
We should get more information.
We should get more organized.
We should get more people involved in this.
We should get moving.
We should get off at the nearest station.
We should get out of Tom's way.
We should get out of here as fast as we can.
We should get out of here as quickly as possible.
We should get out of here as soon as possible.
We should get out of here as soon as we can.
We should get out of here now.
We should get out of here right away.
We should get out of here.
We should get out of the house.
We should get out of the way.
We should get ready for work.
We should get rid of Tom.
We should get rid of flags entirely.
We should get rid of her.
We should get rid of him.
We should get rid of most of this stuff.
We should get rid of that computer.
We should get rid of them.
We should get some more firewood.
We should get some more food.
We should get some more water.
We should get some sleep.
We should get somebody to paint our house.
We should get someone to paint our house.
We should get something to drink.
We should get something to eat.
We should get started on that basement.
We should get started.
We should get there before dawn.
We should get there by daylight.
We should get there early to warm up.
We should get there soon.
We should get to Boston by lunchtime.
We should get to Chicago by lunchtime.
We should get to know each other a little better.
We should get to know each other.
We should get together again soon.
We should get together every couple of months.
We should get together sometime soon.
We should get together sometime.
We should get together.
We should get used to the reality.
We should get you to a doctor.
We should give Mary some time by herself.
We should give Tom a call.
We should give Tom a chance to confess.
We should give Tom a chance to correct his mistake.
We should give Tom a chance to do that.
We should give Tom a chance to finish the report.
We should give Tom a chance to tell us what really happened.
We should give Tom a chance.
We should give Tom a raise.
We should give Tom and Mary some time by themselves.
We should give Tom another chance.
We should give Tom his space until he's ready to talk to us.
We should give Tom some more time.
We should give Tom some space.
We should give Tom some time by himself.
We should give Tom some time to think about it.
We should give Tom some time.
We should give Tom the chance to surrender.
We should give her flowers.
We should give her some time.
We should give him flowers.
We should give him some time.
We should give it some time.
We should give that a try.
We should give that restaurant a try sometime.
We should give them some space.
We should give them some time.
We should give this a try.
We should go back to the ship.
We should go by train.
We should go for a walk after it stops raining.
We should go get lunch at 1, so in 10 minutes.
We should go get something to eat.
We should go home now.
We should go home.
We should go inside the house.
We should go now, perhaps, to catch the ferry.
We should go on a camping trip.
We should go out sometime.
We should go out to dinner sometime.
We should go see a movie tonight.
We should go skiing.
We should go somewhere.
We should go surf sometime!
We should go swimming.
We should go talk to Tom.
We should go talk to her.
We should go talk to him.
We should go talk to them.
We should go the whole hog.
We should go there today.
We should go there together.
We should go there tomorrow, but Tom is sick in bed, so I'm not sure if we can.
We should go this way.
We should go to Australia as soon as we can.
We should go to Australia next spring.
We should go to Australia together.
We should go to Australia.
We should go to Boston as soon as we can.
We should go to Boston next spring.
We should go to Boston together sometime.
We should go to Boston together.
We should go to Boston.
We should go to Kabylie for a little vacation.
We should go to Mars.
We should go to a party together.
We should go to another room, so they can't hear what we're talking about.
We should go to bed earlier tonight.
We should go to bed early tonight.
We should go to sleep.
We should go to the arcade sometime.
We should go to the party together.
We should go to the party.
We should go together.
We should go upstairs.
We should go whole hog.
We should go, shouldn't we?
We should go.
We should grab a coffee sometime.
We should grab lunch.
We should grate cheese for the salad.
We should guarantee paid maternity leave and paid paternity leave, too. That’s how you value families.
We should guard against traffic accidents.
We should hang out more often.
We should hang out more.
We should hang out some time.
We should hang out sometime.
We should hang out with Tom more often.
We should hang out with Tom.
We should hang out.
We should harvest these apples now, or they'll spoil.
We should have Christmas dinner together.
We should have Jewish settlers and Palestinians living together in the same state.
We should have a celebration, Tom.
We should have a contingency plan.
We should have a conversation.
We should have a drink.
We should have a game sometime.
We should have a look round for a while.
We should have a prototype ready by the end of the month.
We should have a rest.
We should have a talk.
We should have another party.
We should have anticipated this.
We should have arrived earlier.
We should have asked more questions.
We should have been doing sport right now.
We should have been fully aware of this risk all along.
We should have been in Boston on Tom's birthday.
We should have been more attentive.
We should have been more careful.
We should have been more focused.
We should have been told about it.
We should have both stayed awake.
We should have bought another bottle of wine.
We should have bought three bottles of wine.
We should have breakfast together.
We should have brought a flashlight.
We should have brought another bottle of wine.
We should have brought lunch.
We should have brought more worms.
We should have called an ambulance.
We should have celebrated together.
We should have celebrated.
We should have come earlier.
We should have departed earlier.
We should have done it.
We should have done that a long time ago.
We should have done that already.
We should have done that earlier.
We should have done that last week.
We should have done that ourselves.
We should have done that sooner.
We should have done that yesterday.
We should have done that.
We should have done this earlier.
We should have done this much sooner.
We should have done this sooner.
We should have done this yesterday.
We should have done what Tom asked us to do.
We should have done what Tom suggested.
We should have done what Tom wanted us to do.
We should have done what we were told to do.
We should have done what you advised.
We should have expected something like this to happen.
We should have expected that to happen.
We should have followed Mary's advice.
We should have followed his advice.
We should have four wires here.
We should have given you up for adoption.
We should have gone on a cooler day.
We should have gone on a day that wasn't so hot.
We should have gone sailing yesterday when it was windy.
We should have gone there ourselves.
We should have gone to Boston last month.
We should have got married.
We should have gotten here earlier.
We should have gotten married.
We should have gotten up earlier.
We should have heard from Tom by now.
We should have heard something from Tom by now.
We should have helped Tom more.
We should have hired someone more qualified.
We should have kept that a secret.
We should have known Tom would be late.
We should have known the difference.
We should have known this would happen.
We should have left Boston sooner.
We should have left earlier.
We should have let the police handle the problem.
We should have listened to Tom.
We should have listened to you, Tom.
We should have lunch together some time.
We should have lunch together.
We should have made Tom stay in school.
We should have made a careful plan in advance.
We should have no trouble.
We should have paid attention to the advertisement.
We should have paid attention to the announcement.
We should have paid greater attention.
We should have paid more attention.
We should have phoned ahead and reserved a table.
We should have planned for this.
We should have planned more carefully.
We should have played harder.
We should have quit earlier.
We should have quit while we were ahead.
We should have realized that Tom needed our help.
We should have refused to do that.
We should have set off earlier.
We should have some interests outside our job.
We should have some more ice cream.
We should have some more wine.
We should have started earlier.
We should have started this earlier.
We should have stayed at home.
We should have stayed home with Tom.
We should have stayed in Boston for a few more days.
We should have stayed in Boston longer.
We should have stayed in Boston until Monday.
We should have stayed till the end of the party.
We should have stayed with Tom.
We should have stayed with you.
We should have stopped while we had the chance.
We should have stopped.
We should have studied harder.
We should have taken care of that ourselves.
We should have taken his advice.
We should have taken the schedule into consideration.
We should have the complete report by tomorrow evening.
We should have the courage to learn something new and to make mistakes.
We should have the results in a couple of hours.
We should have thought of this before.
We should have told Tom the truth.
We should have told him the truth.
We should have told the principal sooner.
We should have tried harder.
We should have turned right.
We should have warned Tom of the danger.
We should have worked harder.
We should have you arrested.
We should head back home now.
We should head back home.
We should head back now.
We should head back.
We should head home.
We should head south.
We should heed him.
We should help Tom anyhow.
We should help Tom, shouldn't we?
We should help Tom.
We should help each other in times of need.
We should help each other.
We should help her.
We should help him.
We should help people in need.
We should help the needy.
We should help them.
We should help those in need.
We should help.
We should hire Tom a lawyer.
We should hire Tom.
We should hire a lawyer.
We should hire her.
We should hire him.
We should hire somebody to help Tom.
We should hire them.
We should hold old people in reverence.
We should hold some food in reserve.
We should hold some of food in reserve.
We should honor each other despite our unique perspectives.
We should honor our parents.
We should hurry.
We should inform Tom.
We should inform them about that.
We should introduce ourselves.
We should invent a secret language.
We should investigate.
We should invite Tom over for dinner.
We should judge him according to his actions.
We should judge matters on a broader basis.
We should just enjoy this and not worry about how much it costs.
We should just forget about it.
We should just give them what they're asking for.
We should just keep doing what we're doing.
We should just tell Tom he can't do that.
We should just tell Tom that he can't do that.
We should keep away from the poisonous plants.
We should keep every school open and every teacher in his job.
We should keep in touch.
We should keep moving.
We should keep our hands clean.
We should keep our promise.
We should keep our promises.
We should keep ourselves clean.
We should keep things professional between us.
We should keep this information under wraps for the time being.
We should keep up friendly relations with neighboring countries.
We should kill them all.
We should know the result by Thursday.
We should laugh because laughter can relieve tension and stress.
We should lay down a few ground rules before we begin.
We should lay on a second coat of paint for better protection against the weather.
We should lead by example.
We should learn from history.
We should learn from those who have gone before us.
We should learn magic tricks.
We should learn to be disciplined in our lives.
We should leave Tom alone.
We should leave at least an hour to get there.
We should leave at once.
We should leave before it starts raining.
We should leave before one of our kids does something stupid.
We should leave early.
We should leave her alone.
We should leave here as soon as possible.
We should leave here at once.
We should leave him alone for a while.
We should leave him alone.
We should leave immediately.
We should leave it alone.
We should leave nothing to chance.
We should leave out this data. It's far from accurate.
We should leave out this data. It’s far from accurate.
We should leave quietly.
We should leave right after breakfast.
We should leave right now.
We should leave something for our children.
We should leave soon.
We should leave that to the experts.
We should leave them alone.
We should leave this area as soon as possible.
We should leave this area as soon as we can.
We should leave two hours to do the whole thing.
We should leave while we can.
We should leave while we still can.
We should leave within the hour.
We should leave you alone.
We should leave.
We should let Tom do that.
We should let Tom get back to work.
We should let Tom go home early today.
We should let Tom know that we can hear him.
We should let Tom know that we won't be there.
We should let Tom make up his own mind.
We should let Tom rest.
We should let her rest.
We should let him know.
We should let him rest.
We should let sleeping dogs lie.
We should let the expert figure it out.
We should let them have a moment alone.
We should let them rest.
We should let you get some rest.
We should let you rest.
We should let you see them.
We should lie low for a few days.
We should listen to Tom.
We should listen to her.
We should listen to him.
We should listen to them.
We should live our lives as though Christ were coming this afternoon.
We should lock Tom up and throw away the key.
We should lock him up before it's too late.
We should lock the door when we leave.
We should look after our parents.
We should look around.
We should look at the map.
We should look for shelter!
We should look inside this house as well.
We should look into the problem.
We should lose no time in leaving here.
We should love as if we've never been hurt.
We should love everybody.
We should love everyone.
We should love one another.
We should love our neighbors.
We should lower our voices.
We should make Tom and Mary do that.
We should make Tom do that.
We should make Tom leave.
We should make a backup ASAP.
We should make a backup right away.
We should make a compromise.
We should make every effort to achieve peace.
We should make every effort to maintain world peace.
We should make good use of dictionaries when studying a foreign language.
We should make it easier for Tom.
We should make it if the traffic isn't too heavy.
We should make it if the traffic isn’t too heavy.
We should make it in time if the traffic isn't too heavy.
We should make something like that.
We should make sopa paraguaya.
We should make the best of the limited natural resources we have.
We should make the most of every opportunity in our life.
We should make the most of solar energy.
We should make time for it.
We should make time for reading to develop our minds.
We should make time for that.
We should make use of atomic energy.
We should make use of that for recruiting.
We should make use of this opportunity.
We should meet again soon.
We should meet again.
We should meet and catch up on what you've been doing.
We should meet some day.
We should meet up again soon.
We should meet up later, so that I can deliver this to you.
We should move on, making the most of all the obstacles.
We should move to a safer location.
We should never be too sure of anything.
We should never do that again.
We should never forget it.
We should never forget that the Titanic was built by professionals and Noah's Ark was built by laymen...
We should never forget that the Titanic was built by professionals and Noah’s Ark was built by laymen...
We should never give up.
We should never have come here.
We should never have done that.
We should never have eaten at that restaurant.
We should never have given up.
We should never have stayed at that hotel.
We should never have stayed.
We should never hit children.
We should never judge people by their appearance.
We should never lose hope.
We should never mix politics with religion.
We should never underestimate the might of Mother Nature.
We should never underestimate the resilience of the human spirit in the face of adversity.
We should never use an atomic bomb again.
We should never use an atomic bomb.
We should nip this in the bud.
We should not ask a woman her age.
We should not be doing that.
We should not be influenced in our decisions by our prejudices.
We should not be rash now; we should wait for a good chance.
We should not change anything with which ​​we can't replace the better.
We should not depend on your parents.
We should not despise a man because he is poor.
We should not fret for what is past, nor should we be anxious about the future; men of discernment deal only with the present moment.
We should not have angered Tom.
We should not have done that. It was wrong.
We should not impose our opinions on other people.
We should not judge people by their peak of excellence; but by the distance they have traveled from the point where they started.
We should not look down on poor people.
We should not lose courage.
We should not lose hope.
We should not lose patience.
We should not make fun of others.
We should not make too much money.
We should not make too much of money.
We should not place too much emphasis on money.
We should not put restrictions on foreign trade.
We should not resort to arms to settle international disputes.
We should not resort to violence.
We should not take advantage of the generosity of a friend.
We should not touch that tree, for fear that it may kill us.
We should not use foreign workers as a buffer against Japan's economic slowdown.
We should not use foreign workers as a buffer against Japan’s economic slowdown.
We should notify Tom of our plans.
We should now declare a state of emergency.
We should now declare the state of emergency.
We should obey our parents.
We should obey the law no matter what happens.
We should obey the law.
We should obey the rules.
We should obey the traffic laws.
We should obey the traffic rules.
We should observe our traffic rules.
We should observe the speed limit.
We should offer children free movie tickets as an incentive to attend school.
We should offer them assistance.
We should only eat healthy food.
We should only speak of them positively.
We should open the windows.
We should operate immediately.
We should order a pizza.
We should order another bottle of wine.
We should organize a party.
We should organize a search party.
We should paint the kitchen while we're at it.
We should party.
We should pass on our culture to the next generation.
We should pay Tom another visit.
We should pay Tom more.
We should pay more attention to environmental problems.
We should pay tribute to all the workers who have helped make the Algiers International Book Fair a success.
We should pin a medal on Tom.
We should place much value on the environment.
We should plan a weekend trip.
We should plan for the future.
We should plant aplenty of cherry and small fruit trees to yield feed for birds.
We should plant more flowers.
We should play a more active role in combating global warming.
We should play board games!
We should play by the rules.
We should play chess more often.
We should play golf sometime.
We should play squash together sometime.
We should play tennis together sometime.
We should play tennis together.
We should pool all our money and buy Tom a nice gift.
We should practice tolerance toward each and everyone, just not toward intolerance.
We should practice what we preach.
We should prepare for negotiations.
We should preserve the beauties of the countryside.
We should preserve these vintage works.
We should probably ask Tom first.
We should probably ask Tom to do that for us.
We should probably ask Tom to do that.
We should probably ask Tom.
We should probably ask for directions.
We should probably change the locks on all the doors.
We should probably do something about that.
We should probably do something.
We should probably get going.
We should probably get started.
We should probably get you to a doctor.
We should probably give Tom the benefit of the doubt.
We should probably go back now.
We should probably go check it out.
We should probably go home.
We should probably go.
We should probably head back home now.
We should probably head back home.
We should probably head back to the campsite.
We should probably head back.
We should probably help them.
We should probably let Tom know what's happened.
We should probably not be doing this.
We should probably not tell Tom about what happened.
We should probably not tell Tom yet about the accident.
We should probably not tell Tom.
We should probably postpone the competition.
We should probably talk about that.
We should probably tell Tom.
We should probably wrap up.
We should proceed carefully.
We should proceed very carefully.
We should proceed with great caution.
We should progress with the rhythm of time, as the seasons progress.
We should protect the forest.
We should protect the world for the next generations.
We should provide against fires.
We should provide for unexpected events.
We should put an end to that.
We should put out a call for bids.
We should put this glass away in the cupboard, as nobody drinks out of it.
We should quit while we're ahead.
We should raise our children as 'global citizens'.
We should read as many books as possible.
We should read at least one book a month.
We should read one book a month at least.
We should read the following, excerpted from "Espero Katolika" (January 1921), about the 7th Congress of Catholic Esperantists: "During that congress in Graz, we will have to found a very strong international army against the powers of blind revolution, against materialist Bolshevism, dangerous anarchism, the anti-ecclesiastic action of the Freemasons, etc..." So the Catholics are already using Esperanto to oppose our activity, to prevent our liberation.
We should read the newspaper so as not to lag behind the times.
We should really do it.
We should really do that.
We should really get going.
We should really sit down and talk.
We should really spend time with the kids.
We should really try harder.
We should receive them tomorrow.
We should recycle more.
We should reform this law.
We should refuse to say what we don't believe.
We should remain here.
We should remain quiet.
We should remain silent.
We should remember that politeness doesn't function at the conscious level.
We should remember that politeness doesn’t function at the conscious level.
We should repair the ship.
We should report Nuja to the police right away.
We should rescue the environment from pollution.
We should resist the incursion of the English language.
We should respect each other's beliefs.
We should respect our ancestors.
We should respect our parents.
We should respect the basic human rights of others much more their lives.
We should respect the ideas of others.
We should respect the old.
We should respect the right of others.
We should respect the rights of others, much more their lives.
We should respond.
We should rest for a minute.
We should rest.
We should retry it.
We should rewrite this policy.
We should run immediately.
We should run some tests.
We should run while we still can.
We should save money for a rainy day.
We should save some cake for Tom.
We should save wild animals.
We should scrap the whole thing.
We should search for it on eBay.
We should see each other again soon.
We should see each other more often.
We should see if Tom needs any help.
We should see more of each other.
We should seek peaceful solutions.
We should seize the opportunity.
We should sell everything we can.
We should set a trap.
We should set aside two hours to do the whole thing.
We should set off.
We should set some money aside for that.
We should settle things once and for all.
We should settle this business first before starting something new.
We should settle this matter first before moving on to something new.
We should share what is written in Kabyle on Facebook.
We should show our work.
We should show respect to elderly people.
We should sing together again sometime.
We should sing together.
We should sing.
We should sit back down.
We should sit down.
We should sit this one out.
We should sit with Tom.
We should slow down.
We should smile.
We should so act that we shall have nothing to regret.
We should soak the rich.
We should sometimes expose our bodies to the sun.
We should sometimes pause to think.
We should sort the students' names alphabetically.
We should sort waste to help protect the environment.
We should speak French the whole time we're there.
We should speak French to each other.
We should speak about other things.
We should speak reverently of Jesus.
We should spend more time together.
We should spend our time creating content for our website rather than wasting time worrying about minor cosmetic details.
We should split up into small groups.
We should stand the pressure.
We should start a chess club.
We should start at once.
We should start earlier.
We should start getting Christmas gifts for the children.
We should start getting gifts for the children.
We should stay at home with Tom.
We should stay in Australia all summer.
We should stay in Boston all summer.
We should stay together.
We should stick to our plan.
We should stick together.
We should still wait.
We should stock up for the winter.
We should stop at the next rest stop.
We should stop doing this before we hurt ourselves.
We should stop doing this.
We should stop here.
We should stop seeing each other.
We should stop.
We should strike a balance between our expenditure and income.
We should strive for peace.
We should study English every day.
We should study French every day.
We should study together.
We should study.
We should substitute alcohol for oil.
We should substitute margarine for butter for our health.
We should sue Tom.
We should sue them.
We should swim for shore.
We should take Tom to a specialist.
We should take Tom to the hospital right away.
We should take Tom to the hospital.
We should take a break and have some tea.
We should take a break.
We should take a coffee break.
We should take a short break.
We should take a trip.
We should take a walk.
We should take advantage of this opportunity.
We should take better care of the garden.
We should take care of each other.
We should take her as an example.
We should take his youth into account.
We should take into account she is still young.
We should take into account that the train was delayed.
We should take matters into our own hands.
We should take notice of what Russia says, not because it’s true but because of what it might herald happening next.
We should take off our shoes at the entrance.
We should take off our shoes before entering the house.
We should take steps to achieve our goal.
We should take the necessary steps before it's too late.
We should take the necessary steps before it’s too late.
We should take the stairs.
We should take the steps to achieve our goal.
We should take up meditation.
We should talk about Algeria.
We should talk about it today.
We should talk about it.
We should talk about that if it's important to you?
We should talk about that.
We should talk about this some more.
We should talk about this.
We should talk calmly to each other.
We should talk first.
We should talk for a bit!
We should talk sometime.
We should talk to Tom about that.
We should talk to Tom.
We should talk to each other more often.
We should talk to her.
We should talk to him.
We should talk to them.
We should talk.
We should teach children how to protect themselves.
We should teach our kids about the dangers of smoking.
We should tell Mary that Tom doesn't want her to come.
We should tell Mary that she needs to be more careful.
We should tell Tom about it.
We should tell Tom about that now.
We should tell Tom and Mary that John doesn't want them to come.
We should tell Tom and Mary that they need to be more careful.
We should tell Tom everything.
We should tell Tom that Mary doesn't want him to come.
We should tell Tom that Mary isn't coming.
We should tell Tom that he needs to be more careful.
We should tell Tom that he needs to do that.
We should tell Tom the truth.
We should tell Tom we're too busy.
We should tell Tom what to do.
We should tell Tom.
We should tell children how to protect themselves.
We should tell everyone what happened.
We should tell her the truth.
We should tell him the truth.
We should tell him.
We should tell it to them.
We should tell the children how to defend oneself.
We should tell the others as soon as possible.
We should tell the truth.
We should tell them the truth.
We should thank Tom for that.
We should thank Tom.
We should thank her!
We should think about it.
We should think about moving to a safer location.
We should think about that.
We should think about this carefully before we do anything.
We should think much of the opinion of the minority.
We should toast.
We should travel together sometime.
We should travel together.
We should treat others with respect.
We should treat others with sincerity.
We should treat people equally without discriminating them by their cast, culture and nation or by their language.
We should treat people the way we want to be treated.
We should trip.
We should trust Tom more.
We should trust the experts.
We should try and get some sleep.
We should try doing that again.
We should try doing that the way Tom suggested.
We should try doing this another way.
We should try harder.
We should try it again.
We should try it.
We should try something else.
We should try that new restaurant downtown.
We should try that.
We should try the pineapple right now.
We should try to avoid Tom today.
We should try to avoid getting into a fight we those guys.
We should try to avoid imposing our own beliefs on others.
We should try to be philosophical about life; wealth gained could also vanish.
We should try to comfort Tom.
We should try to convince Tom to stay with us for a few days.
We should try to do something.
We should try to finish doing this before Tom gets here.
We should try to get Tom to come to Australia.
We should try to get Tom to come to Boston.
We should try to get Tom to do that.
We should try to get Tom to help us.
We should try to get out of here.
We should try to help Tom.
We should try to help them.
We should try to look at the wider problem.
We should try to make the conquest of peace.
We should try to make this right.
We should try to meet another time.
We should try to obtain peace.
We should try to stay sober.
We should try to think of something new to do.
We should try to treat everybody fairly.
We should try to treat everybody with justice.
We should try to treat everyone fairly.
We should try to understand each other.
We should try to understand one another.
We should try what Tom suggested.
We should turn back.
We should underline every important word.
We should understand the underlying premises.
We should use our freedom thoughtfully.
We should use reason before force.
We should use that.
We should use the electric blankets tonight.
We should use the fireplace tonight.
We should use tissues to clean our noses, not our fingers.
We should visit Australia again.
We should visit Australia next spring.
We should visit Boston again.
We should visit Boston next fall.
We should visit Tom anyway.
We should visit Tom.
We should visit the countryside in the future.
We should wait a little longer, I think.
We should wait a little longer.
We should wait a little.
We should wait at least thirty minutes.
We should wait for Tom here.
We should wait for Tom.
We should wait for help.
We should wait for them.
We should wait here for the moment.
We should wait here.
We should wait until Monday to do that.
We should wait until Tom and Mary get here.
We should wait until Tom comes.
We should wait until Tom gets here.
We should wait until Tom sobers up.
We should wait until the police arrive.
We should wait.
We should walk away from this situation.
We should warn Tom.
We should warn everyone to be careful not to make the same mistake.
We should watch it.
We should weigh the options carefully before making a decision.
We should work faster.
We should work for the cause of peace.
We should work in a manner that is compliant with the company's rules and regulations.
We should work now.
We should work on the room today.
We should work together on this project.
We should work together.
We should worry about that.
We should worship our ancestors.
We should write a formal letter to the director.
We should've anticipated this.
We should've arrived earlier.
We should've asked Tom for help.
We should've asked Tom to do that for us.
We should've asked more questions.
We should've been a little more careful.
We should've been able to do this better.
We should've been doing it this way all along.
We should've been in Boston on Tom's birthday.
We should've been more attentive.
We should've been more careful.
We should've been more concerned about the small problems.
We should've been more focused.
We should've been more specific.
We should've been paid yesterday.
We should've been quieter.
We should've been there for them.
We should've been told about it.
We should've both stayed awake.
We should've bought another bottle of wine.
We should've bought three bottles of wine.
We should've brought a flashlight.
We should've brought a jackhammer.
We should've brought another bottle of wine.
We should've brought lunch.
We should've brought more worms.
We should've called Tom.
We should've celebrated together.
We should've celebrated.
We should've come earlier.
We should've dealt with that ourselves.
We should've dealt with that problem ourselves.
We should've departed earlier.
We should've done it earlier. It can't be helped now.
We should've done it earlier. There's nothing we can do about it now.
We should've done it when we had the chance.
We should've done it.
We should've done that a long time ago.
We should've done that already.
We should've done that earlier.
We should've done that last week.
We should've done that ourselves.
We should've done that sooner.
We should've done that when we had the chance.
We should've done that yesterday.
We should've done that.
We should've done the same thing Tom did.
We should've done this a long time ago.
We should've done this earlier.
We should've done this much sooner.
We should've done this sooner.
We should've done this the day before yesterday.
We should've done this yesterday.
We should've done what Tom asked us to do.
We should've done what Tom suggested.
We should've done what Tom wanted us to do.
We should've done what we were told to do.
We should've done what you advised.
We should've expected something like this to happen.
We should've expected that to happen.
We should've explained everything to Tom.
We should've followed Tom's advice.
We should've foreseen this.
We should've gone by train.
We should've gone on a day that wasn't so hot.
We should've gone sailing yesterday when it was windy.
We should've gone there by train.
We should've gone there ourselves.
We should've gone to Australia last year.
We should've gone to Boston last month.
We should've gone to Boston.
We should've gone with Tom.
We should've got married.
We should've got up earlier.
We should've gotten here earlier.
We should've gotten married.
We should've gotten there earlier.
We should've gotten up earlier.
We should've heard from Tom by now.
We should've heard something from Tom by now.
We should've helped Tom more.
We should've hired someone more qualified.
We should've kept it a secret.
We should've kept that a secret.
We should've known Tom would be late.
We should've known this would happen.
We should've left Australia sooner.
We should've left Boston sooner.
We should've left Tom at home.
We should've left earlier.
We should've let the police handle the problem.
We should've listened to Tom.
We should've listened to you, Tom.
We should've made Tom stay in school.
We should've made a careful plan in advance.
We should've made a papier-mâché model.
We should've never done that.
We should've never gone there.
We should've never gotten married.
We should've offered to help.
We should've ordered a larger pizza.
We should've paid attention to the announcement.
We should've paid attention.
We should've paid more attention at school.
We should've paid more attention to the announcement.
We should've phoned ahead and reserved a table.
We should've planned for this.
We should've planned more carefully.
We should've played harder.
We should've quit earlier.
We should've quit while we were ahead.
We should've realized that Tom needed our help.
We should've refused to do that.
We should've seen this coming.
We should've set off earlier.
We should've started earlier.
We should've started this earlier.
We should've stayed and helped Tom.
We should've stayed and helped her.
We should've stayed and helped him.
We should've stayed at home.
We should've stayed home with Tom.
We should've stayed in Australia for a few more weeks.
We should've stayed in Australia longer.
We should've stayed in Australia until Monday.
We should've stayed in Boston for a few more days.
We should've stayed in Boston longer.
We should've stayed in Boston until Monday.
We should've stayed in Boston.
We should've stayed longer.
We should've stayed till the end of the party.
We should've stayed together.
We should've stayed with Tom.
We should've stayed with her.
We should've stayed with him.
We should've stayed with them.
We should've stayed with you.
We should've stopped while we had the chance.
We should've studied harder.
We should've taken Tom's advice.
We should've taken care of that ourselves.
We should've taken the schedule into consideration.
We should've thought of that before.
We should've thought of that earlier.
We should've thought of this before.
We should've told Tom the truth.
We should've tried buying that earlier. They're all sold out now.
We should've tried harder.
We should've waited a few minutes longer.
We should've waited for Tom.
We should've waited.
We should've warned Tom of the danger.
We should've worked harder.
We shouldn't accept his explanation at face value.
We shouldn't act surprised, though.
We shouldn't allow Tom to do that.
We shouldn't allow them to cheat us again.
We shouldn't ask so much from our apprentices.
We shouldn't ask why.
We shouldn't be discussing this now.
We shouldn't be doing that now.
We shouldn't be doing that.
We shouldn't be doing this.
We shouldn't be fighting with each other.
We shouldn't be here in the dark.
We shouldn't be here.
We shouldn't be imprisoning people for such petty crimes.
We shouldn't be in Australia now.
We shouldn't be in Boston now.
We shouldn't be involved in this.
We shouldn't be lollygagging.
We shouldn't be on the list.
We shouldn't be outside.
We shouldn't be seen together.
We shouldn't be singing this late at night.
We shouldn't be talking about Gaza. Let's just talk about hamsters.
We shouldn't be together.
We shouldn't be treating people like freaks just because they don't fit what we think the world should be.
We shouldn't be wasting our time.
We shouldn't cede to their request.
We shouldn't complain.
We shouldn't confuse solitude with isolation. They are two separate things.
We shouldn't destroy the rainforest just so that a few people can make more money.
We shouldn't discuss this in a club.
We shouldn't disparage other people.
We shouldn't do anything about that right now.
We shouldn't do anything.
We shouldn't do it either.
We shouldn't do that again.
We shouldn't do that anymore.
We shouldn't do that here.
We shouldn't do that.
We shouldn't do this anymore.
We shouldn't do this to Tom.
We shouldn't do this to her.
We shouldn't do this to him.
We shouldn't do this to them.
We shouldn't do this.
We shouldn't even be here.
We shouldn't even consider doing that.
We shouldn't even have these foreign names.
We shouldn't even worry about that.
We shouldn't ever need to do that again.
We shouldn't ever need to do that anymore.
We shouldn't ever need to do this again.
We shouldn't exaggerate the extent of the tragedy.
We shouldn't exaggerate.
We shouldn't expect too much help from Tom.
We shouldn't expect too much.
We shouldn't fight.
We shouldn't forget that.
We shouldn't get angry at them.
We shouldn't get angry with them.
We shouldn't get mad at them.
We shouldn't give in to these shameful demands.
We shouldn't give up.
We shouldn't go there today.
We shouldn't go there.
We shouldn't have abandoned him.
We shouldn't have allowed you to do that.
We shouldn't have angered Tom.
We shouldn't have any prejudice.
We shouldn't have any trouble if the traffic isn't too heavy.
We shouldn't have been allowed to do that.
We shouldn't have been doing that.
We shouldn't have been permitted to do that.
We shouldn't have believed Tom.
We shouldn't have bought this car.
We shouldn't have come here in the first place.
We shouldn't have come here.
We shouldn't have come to Australia.
We shouldn't have come to Boston.
We shouldn't have come.
We shouldn't have complained.
We shouldn't have done that that way.
We shouldn't have done that.
We shouldn't have done this.
We shouldn't have done what Tom asked us to do.
We shouldn't have done what Tom told us not to do.
We shouldn't have done what Tom told us to do.
We shouldn't have eaten breakfast so early.
We shouldn't have followed Tom's advice.
We shouldn't have given Tom a knife.
We shouldn't have given up.
We shouldn't have gone there by ourselves.
We shouldn't have gone there.
We shouldn't have got up so early.
We shouldn't have gotten up so early.
We shouldn't have helped Tom.
We shouldn't have hired Tom.
We shouldn't have left Australia.
We shouldn't have left Boston.
We shouldn't have left Mary there by herself.
We shouldn't have left Tom alone in the garage.
We shouldn't have left Tom alone.
We shouldn't have left Tom and Mary there by themselves.
We shouldn't have left Tom there by himself.
We shouldn't have left early.
We shouldn't have left so early yesterday.
We shouldn't have let Tom do that.
We shouldn't have let Tom drive.
We shouldn't have let Tom escape.
We shouldn't have let Tom go.
We shouldn't have let Tom in.
We shouldn't have let Tom sing.
We shouldn't have let her go.
We shouldn't have let him go.
We shouldn't have let them go.
We shouldn't have let you do that.
We shouldn't have let you go.
We shouldn't have made Tom go.
We shouldn't have made her go.
We shouldn't have made him go.
We shouldn't have made them go.
We shouldn't have made you go.
We shouldn't have paid so much for this.
We shouldn't have run that red light.
We shouldn't have stayed in Australia so long.
We shouldn't have stayed in Boston so many days.
We shouldn't have stayed so long.
We shouldn't have stayed up all night.
We shouldn't have stayed up till 2:30.
We shouldn't have sung that song.
We shouldn't have to be dealing with this problem now.
We shouldn't have to do that.
We shouldn't have to lay anyone off.
We shouldn't have told Mary what we told her.
We shouldn't have told Tom about that.
We shouldn't have told Tom about the party.
We shouldn't have told Tom and Mary what we told them.
We shouldn't have told Tom that.
We shouldn't have told Tom what we told him.
We shouldn't have told Tom.
We shouldn't have told her.
We shouldn't have told him.
We shouldn't have told them.
We shouldn't have told you.
We shouldn't have tried doing that without Tom's help.
We shouldn't have tried to help Tom.
We shouldn't have wasted our time doing that.
We shouldn't have written that.
We shouldn't help Tom anymore.
We shouldn't ignore that possibility.
We shouldn't impose our opinions on other people.
We shouldn't judge people based on their appearance.
We shouldn't judge people by how they look.
We shouldn't jump to conclusions.
We shouldn't just eat honey, but the bees, too.
We shouldn't keep secrets from each other.
We shouldn't kiss each other anymore.
We shouldn't laugh at Tom.
We shouldn't laugh at his mistake.
We shouldn't leave anything to chance.
We shouldn't leave early again.
We shouldn't leave early.
We shouldn't leave the matter unsettled.
We shouldn't let Tom do that.
We shouldn't let other people know that we've done that.
We shouldn't let other people know we've done that.
We shouldn't let other people know what we did.
We shouldn't let that bother us.
We shouldn't let that stop us.
We shouldn't let the problem rest here.
We shouldn't let these little arguments ruin our married life.
We shouldn't look down on a person only because he's homeless.
We shouldn't look down on other people.
We shouldn't look down on poor people.
We shouldn't lose courage.
We shouldn't lose hope.
We shouldn't lose our cool.
We shouldn't lose our moral courage in criticizing the Israeli government.
We shouldn't lose our trust in God.
We shouldn't lose this opportunity.
We shouldn't make fun of anybody or anything.
We shouldn't make fun of others.
We shouldn't make jokes at other people's expense.
We shouldn't need to do that again.
We shouldn't need to do that anymore.
We shouldn't need to do this again.
We shouldn't overdramatise this drama.
We shouldn't press our luck.
We shouldn't prioritize ethnic affiliation over nationality.
We shouldn't rely on that data. It's far from being true.
We shouldn't resort to violence.
We shouldn't rest on our laurels.
We shouldn't say anything about that.
We shouldn't speak ill of the dead.
We shouldn't spend money on things that we don't need.
We shouldn't spend money on things we don't need.
We shouldn't spend money.
We shouldn't stand in Tom's way.
We shouldn't stay here.
We shouldn't stay silent about all of these injustices.
We shouldn't swim here.
We shouldn't take it lightly.
We shouldn't take on more than we can cope with.
We shouldn't take that at face value.
We shouldn't take the risk.
We shouldn't tell Tom about what happened.
We shouldn't tell Tom anything.
We shouldn't tell Tom what we did.
We shouldn't tell her anything.
We shouldn't tell him anything.
We shouldn't tell them anything.
We shouldn't tolerate abuse.
We shouldn't trust Tom.
We shouldn't trust them.
We shouldn't try to cross the lake in this weather.
We shouldn't use any of those.
We shouldn't wait for Tom.
We shouldn't waste even one grain of rice.
We shouldn't waste our time in triviality.
We shouldn't wasting too much money on shopping.
We shouldn't worry.
We shouldn't've come.
We shouldn't've given up.
We shouldn’t accept his explanation at face value.
We shouldn’t confuse solitude with isolation. They are two separate things.
We shouldn’t have any prejudice.
We shouldn’t have any trouble if the traffic isn’t too heavy.
We shouldn’t have to be dealing with this problem now.
We shouldn’t judge people based on their appearance.
We shouldn’t judge people by how they look.
We shouldn’t leave the matter unsettled.
We shouldn’t let the problem rest here.
We shouldn’t look down on a person only because he’s homeless.
We shouldn’t look down on other people.
We shouldn’t make fun of anybody or anything.
We shouldn’t waste even one grain of rice.
We should’ve stayed at home.
We shouted at Tom.
We shouted at the waitress.
We shouted for help at the tops of our voices.
We shouted for help, but no one came.
We shouted in order to warn everyone of the danger.
We shove the table in front of it.
We show you our home.
We showed Linda that.
We showed Nuja the other side of the mansion.
We showed Rima the money.
We showed Tom our paintings.
We showed Tom some of the pictures we took in Australia.
We showed Tom some of the pictures we took in Boston.
We showed Tom some pictures of Boston.
We showed Tom the door.
We showed Tom this before.
We showed him a few photos of London.
We showed him some pictures of London.
We showed him some pictures of the Alps.
We showed him the door.
We showed our tickets at the airport gate.
We showed the customers some other bracelets that we had.
We showed the police to the closet.
We showed them what we can do.
We showed up.
We showed what we did.
We shower together.
We showered there.
We showered.
We shredded our enemies to pieces.
We shredded our enemies to smithereens.
We shrugged.
We shucked the corn before cooking.
We shut the door.
We sided with Tom.
We sided with him in the controversy.
We simply can't allow that.
We simply can't do this.
We simply can't just leave Mary here by herself.
We simply can't just leave Tom and Mary here by themselves.
We simply can't just leave Tom here by himself.
We simply can't justify the expense.
We simply can't let that happen.
We simply couldn't find anything.
We simply couldn't resist.
We simply didn't expect to see such filth on the family shopping site.
We simply don't believe it.
We simply don't have enough money to buy a car.
We simply don't know anything about Tom.
We simply don't know that yet.
We simply don't know why.
We simply drifted apart.
We simply grew apart.
We simply have no choice.
We simply want things to be fair.
We simply want you to leave.
We simultaneously yelled: "Trick-or-treat!"
We sin a lot, but we enjoy it.
We sincerely apologize for our error.
We sing a lot.
We sing in both French and English.
We sing off-key.
We sing out of tune.
We sing the song of him whose bread we eat.
We sing with a cool and sophisticated jazz band.
We sipped our coffee.
We sipped our wine.
We sit and wait.
We sit comfortably together.
We sit down at the table.
We sit on a bench to rest.
We sit on chairs all day.
We situated ourselves in the seats nearest the exit.
We skated against the wind.
We skied a lot last winter.
We skied all day.
We skied down the slope.
We skied down to Chamonix.
We skied on artificial snow.
We skimped on the hotel fees and slept outside.
We skinned the gazelle.
We skipped breakfast.
We skipped his turn on purpose.
We skipped school for two weeks.
We skipped the club.
We skirted green hills, which sparkled in the first rays of sunshine.
We slapped Silya.
We sleep at eleven.
We sleep cuddling.
We sleep in the bedroom.
We sleep in the same bed.
We sleep lying down.
We sleep naked.
We sleep not to sleep, but to act.
We sleep on cold ground.
We sleep seven hours a night on average.
We sleep so as to rest.
We sleep together.
We sleep with the windows open.
We slept OK.
We slept all day yesterday.
We slept all day.
We slept alone.
We slept at their place.
We slept better.
We slept by turns.
We slept head to toe on the couch.
We slept in a makeshift hut made from old wooden boards.
We slept in a tent.
We slept in a very small tent.
We slept in the open, under the stars.
We slept in the same bed.
We slept in the same room.
We slept in train on the way to the Kars.
We slept late.
We slept on a very long bed.
We slept on the bus.
We slept on the same bed, but between us there was nothing... unfortunately.
We slept on the train.
We slept restlessly.
We slept sitting up.
We slept so much!
We slept through the lecture.
We slept under the stars.
We slept until half past seven.
We slept with the window open.
We slept.
We sliced the buns for the sandwiches.
We sliced the tomatoes.
We slid under the dinner table and escaped.
We slid under the table.
We slipped and fell.
We slipped in just before the aarti ended.
We slogged all night to finish the project.
We slow-cooked beef chili.
We slowly approached them.
We slowly putrefy.
We slowly sidestepped.
We slugged it out.
We smashed windows with a hammer to get in.
We smashed.
We smell disgusting.
We smell with our noses.
We smelled gas.
We smelt funky.
We smelt gas.
We smelt that.
We smelt urine.
We smiled at Mina.
We smiled at Tom.
We smiled at each other.
We smiled at the principal innocently.
We smiled at them.
We smiled back.
We smiled.
We smoke pot.
We smoke weed.
We smoke.
We smoked weed together.
We smooched in the car.
We smothered Maya.
We smothered the buns with melted cheese.
We snickered.
We sniffed at the food suspiciously.
We snorkeled almost every day of our honeymoon.
We snuck out.
We soiled ourselves.
We sold Tom one of our cars.
We sold Tom our car.
We sold all the apples that we had.
We sold all the apples we had.
We sold cookies.
We sold one of our cars to Tom.
We sold our car last Monday.
We sold our car last week.
We sold our car to Tom.
We sold our cow.
We sold our forest.
We sold our house in 2013.
We sold our house in Boston.
We sold our house last month.
We sold our house last week.
We sold our house yesterday.
We sold our house.
We sold our land.
We sold our souls for money.
We sold our three-bedroom house on Park Street.
We sold that painting yesterday.
We sold the cookies.
We sold the store for want of customers.
We sold them at cost.
We sold those to them, didn't we?
We sold vuvuzelas.
We solved both problems.
We solved that problem in a week.
We solved that problem last week.
We solved that problem.
We solved the problem by mutual concessions.
We somehow managed to get home, even though we were very drunk.
We somehow managed to swim across the river.
We sometimes behave irrationally when we are in love.
We sometimes combine going for a drive with eating the ramen we love so.
We sometimes disparagingly call noise, music that's insignificant and devoid of any charm.
We sometimes disparagingly call noise, music that’s insignificant and devoid of any charm.
We sometimes go fishing.
We sometimes go for a drive.
We sometimes go out for a drive.
We sometimes have arguments.
We sometimes invite friends over to dinner.
We sometimes judge others based on their actions.
We sometimes lack patience with old people.
We sometimes live for three hundred years, but when we cease to exist here, we become only foam on the surface of the water and have not even a grave among those we love. We have not immortal souls, we shall never live again; like the green seaweed when once it has been cut off, we can never flourish more. Human beings, on the contrary, have souls which live forever, even after the body has been turned to dust. They rise up through the clear, pure air, beyond the glittering stars. As we rise out of the water and behold all the land of the earth, so do they rise to unknown and glorious regions which we shall never see.
We sometimes look around and see nothing but emptiness.
We sometimes make mistakes.
We sometimes meet in the park.
We sometimes meet them.
We sometimes miss the point when we state the obvious facts.
We sometimes say: "Common sense is quite uncommon."
We sometimes see airplanes flying over our farm.
We sometimes see foxes around here.
We sometimes see foxes round here.
We sometimes see the northern lights in winter.
We sometimes see them.
We sometimes speak to each other in French.
We sometimes swim in the lake.
We soon agreed on a rent for the apartment.
We soon believe what we desire.
We soon caught up with them.
We soon discovered what was causing the problem.
We soon figured out that he had the wrong person in custody.
We soon found out Tom was the thief.
We soon found out that Tom was the thief.
We soon made friends with the new neighbours.
We soon moved in together.
We soon recognized each other, although we had not met for years.
We soon sold all merchandise.
We soon won't have any petrol left.
We sought the shade to rest.
We sought to come to terms with them.
We sounded angry.
We sounded crazy.
We sounded insane.
We sounded ridiculous.
We soundproofed our basement and use it as a recording studio.
We sowed our field with barley.
We sowed wheat in our field.
We spare no thought for the future when things are going well.
We spared no expense.
We spat.
We speak Berber all day.
We speak Berber all the time here.
We speak Berber as a first language.
We speak Berber at home.
We speak Berber every day.
We speak Berber in our area.
We speak Berber in our city.
We speak Berber in public.
We speak Berber like our parents.
We speak Berber.
We speak English here.
We speak English in class.
We speak English.
We speak French all the time here.
We speak French at home.
We speak French every day.
We speak French here.
We speak French in France.
We speak French in class.
We speak French in this area.
We speak French to each other when our children are around.
We speak French.
We speak German.
We speak Haitian Creole.
We speak Hungarian at home.
We speak Japanese.
We speak Kabyle at home.
We speak Kurdish.
We speak Kurmanji.
We speak Low German. Do you?
We speak Low German. You too?
We speak Mari.
We speak Spanish.
We speak Swedish.
We speak Tamazight.
We speak Turkish.
We speak a Berber dialect similar to Shawi.
We speak household Berber.
We speak in Berber when we're together.
We speak little to each other.
We speak of her positively.
We speak of what we know, and we testify to what we have seen, but still you people do not accept our testimony.
We speak quickly.
We speak tamalṭit.
We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen; and ye receive not our witness.
We speak the same Berber dialect.
We speak the same language, don't we?
We speak the same language, don’t we?
We speak the same language.
We speak the same language: Berber.
We speak to each other in French.
We speak to each other in monosyllables.
We speak two foreign languages.
We speak very quickly.
We speak.
We specialize in pranking pranskters.
We specialize in the import of machinery parts.
We sped into the narrow track, hardly dropping any speed. "It's a short cut!" "Oi! It's a footpath!!"
We sped into the narrow track, hardly dropping any speed. "It’s a short cut!" "Oi! It’s a footpath!!"
We sped up our pace.
We speed-walked.
We speeded up the film.
We spend Christmas with our children.
We spend Ramadan in Kabylie.
We spend a lot of our time thinking about our past.
We spend a lot of time on the phone.
We spend a lot of time together.
We spend a lot of time with each other.
We spend a lot on advertising.
We spend a third of our lives sleeping.
We spend all our weekends together in Kabylie.
We spend as much time as possible together.
We spend every moment together.
We spend hours scrolling through social media because our brains need stimulation.
We spend most of our holidays in the country.
We spend most of our time with Tom.
We spend piles of money on the things we don't really use.
We spend piles of money on the things we don’t really use.
We spend the summer in the mountains to escape the summer heat.
We spend the weekends in our country house.
We spend time on social media because our brains need stimulation.
We spend too much time talking about things that don't matter.
We spend too much.
We spend virtually no concerted time or effort honing our intellectual fitness. Yet the study suggests that daily mental drills will have a lot more impact on our longevity and wellbeing than abdominal crunches and boring hours on the treadmill. The brainpower exercises we complete today can improve our mental agility as far as five years into the future. No workout at the gym can match that.
We spent Ramadan in Algeria.
We spent a charming afternoon roaming in the woods.
We spent a considerable amount of time at school.
We spent a fabulous day in the woods.
We spent a few days together in Paris before coming back to Boston.
We spent a good deal of money on the project.
We spent a good evening together yesterday.
We spent a great day at the mall.
We spent a great holiday in Sweden.
We spent a long time just trying to find a place to park.
We spent a lot of money on furnishing our house.
We spent a lot of money on that.
We spent a lot of money remodeling our home.
We spent a lot of money.
We spent a lot of time getting nowhere.
We spent a lot of time looking for a parking lot.
We spent a lot of time looking for a parking space.
We spent a lot of time looking for a place to park.
We spent a lot of time on our lessons.
We spent a lot of time searching for a parking space.
We spent a lot of time simplifying things?
We spent a lot of time together.
We spent a lot of time trying to find something that we never found.
We spent a lot of time with them.
We spent a night at the mountain hut.
We spent a night in a cave.
We spent a peaceful day in the countryside.
We spent a quiet day in the country.
We spent a really nice day on the beach.
We spent a sybaritic week in Italy.
We spent a ton of time there.
We spent a very good vacation in Algeria.
We spent a week at the beach.
We spent a wonderful day at the beach!
We spent about three months in Australia.
We spent about three months in Boston.
We spent ages looking for a place to park.
We spent all afternoon fixing the broken fence.
We spent all afternoon holding hands at the park.
We spent all afternoon painting the fence.
We spent all day by the lake.
We spent all day cleaning the house.
We spent all day exploring the cave.
We spent all day in the park.
We spent all day indoors.
We spent all day interviewing people for the job.
We spent all day looking for Tom's dog.
We spent all day looking for Tom.
We spent all day looking for the keys that Tom had lost.
We spent all day searching for a way out of the cave.
We spent all day trying to fix the roof.
We spent all day washing windows.
We spent all evening dancing together.
We spent all evening listening to Tom telling stories.
We spent all evening talking about our summer vacations.
We spent all night philosophizing about a bunch of things.
We spent all of that night, the next day, and the next night in the cellar.
We spent all our weekends in Kabylie.
We spent all that night and the following day and night in the cellar.
We spent almost a year talking on WhatsApp before we met in-person.
We spent almost all day cleaning out the garage.
We spent happy days there all the summer.
We spent hours looking for it.
We spent hours on the computers.
We spent hours on the phone every day.
We spent hours online, trying to learn more about the program.
We spent hours talking.
We spent hours trying to figure out how to fix it.
We spent hours trying to find a solution to the problem.
We spent hours trying to solve the problem.
We spent less money this month than last month.
We spent more and more time at the computers.
We spent more money than was expected.
We spent more time memorising dates and statistics than actually learning.
We spent most of our time with Tom.
We spent most of the day looking for Tom.
We spent most of the day pulling weeds.
We spent most of the evening talking about our vacation.
We spent most of the morning outdoors.
We spent one night together.
We spent our childhood together in a village.
We spent our childhood together.
We spent our entire day at the beach.
We spent our holiday at the seaside.
We spent our holiday exploring rural France.
We spent our holiday in Boston.
We spent our holiday on a beach in Hawaii.
We spent over three hours discussing that.
We spent over twenty thousand dollars on this party.
We spent seven thousand dollars on drinks in total.
We spent several nights in different Galician villages.
We spent some happy years together.
We spent some time talking about our families.
We spent some time together last summer.
We spent some time together.
We spent summer there very happily.
We spent that whole summer in Kabylie.
We spent that whole summer together in Kabylie.
We spent the afternoon cleaning our gear.
We spent the afternoon eating grapes.
We spent the afternoon fooling around on the beach.
We spent the afternoon getting ready for the party.
We spent the afternoon listening to music.
We spent the afternoon playing cards.
We spent the afternoon resting in the garden.
We spent the afternoon talking about what we should do.
We spent the afternoon together.
We spent the afternoon window shopping.
We spent the day at the beach.
We spent the day at the fair.
We spent the day in the open air.
We spent the day together.
We spent the day with each other.
We spent the entire day at the beach.
We spent the entire day at the zoo.
We spent the entire day cleaning the house.
We spent the entire day exploring Boston.
We spent the entire day in Yoyogi Park.
We spent the entire day in the park.
We spent the entire day looking for Tom.
We spent the entire day on the beach.
We spent the entire day working on this problem.
We spent the evening laughing and telling jokes.
We spent the evening playing chess.
We spent the evening talking about Boston.
We spent the evening talking about our time in Boston.
We spent the evening talking.
We spent the major part of our holidays in the country.
We spent the night at Tom's.
We spent the night at a cheap hotel.
We spent the night at a five-star hotel.
We spent the night cooking.
We spent the night driving.
We spent the night fixing the computer.
We spent the night in Boston.
We spent the night in Bristol.
We spent the night in a cheap hotel.
We spent the night in a small hut near the river.
We spent the night in an inexpensive hotel.
We spent the night laying on the grass looking at the stars, so we could find a meaning or logic to life.
We spent the night practicing.
We spent the night studying.
We spent the night there, in the tent.
We spent the night watching films.
We spent the night with them.
We spent the night working.
We spent the night writing.
We spent the summer at a beach resort.
We spent the weekend with friends.
We spent the whole afternoon discussing that problem.
We spent the whole afternoon studying.
We spent the whole day at the beach.
We spent the whole day at the lake.
We spent the whole day chatting.
We spent the whole day cleaning our house.
We spent the whole day conversing.
We spent the whole day fishing.
We spent the whole day looking for Tom.
We spent the whole day on the beach.
We spent the whole day searching high and low without finding any traces of them.
We spent the whole day there. Just the two of us.
We spent the whole day working on this problem.
We spent the whole evening talking to him.
We spent the whole evening talking to them.
We spent the whole summer there very happily.
We spent three days in Baghdad.
We spent three days in Boston.
We spent three days in the country.
We spent three days in the forest.
We spent three days there.
We spent three hours in the open air.
We spent three hours there.
We spent three hours to come to this conclusion.
We spent three months fixing the place up.
We spent three months fixing up the place.
We spent three weeks in Boston last winter.
We spent three weeks in Boston.
We spent three weeks in Islamabad.
We spent time together in Australia.
We spent time together in Boston.
We spent time with Mom.
We spent too much for Christmas presents this year.
We spent too much for the Christmas presents.
We spent too much for this.
We spent too much.
We spent two nights in this hotel.
We spent two unforgettable weeks in Cusco.
We spent weeks planning our senior prank.
We spent yesterday morning together.
We spilled milk all over the table.
We spilled our drinks.
We split a plate of vegan chili cheese fries.
We split into five groups.
We split the bill.
We split the buns into halves.
We split the loot three ways.
We split the money three ways.
We split the pay in half.
We split up in 2009, but have been close friends ever since.
We split up in 2009, but have been close friends since then.
We split up the loot among the three of us.
We split up the loot three ways.
We split up.
We spoil our youngest daughter.
We spoilt the kids too much.
We spoilt the kids.
We spoke Berber all day.
We spoke Berber every day.
We spoke Berber.
We spoke French all day.
We spoke French together.
We spoke French.
We spoke a lot about job's issues.
We spoke about an article that I had published.
We spoke about many subjects.
We spoke again.
We spoke briefly.
We spoke confidently.
We spoke for about three hours.
We spoke for around three hours.
We spoke in Berber all the time.
We spoke in Berber.
We spoke in French.
We spoke in a low voice to avoid waking up the baby.
We spoke in a whisper.
We spoke in sign language.
We spoke in the car.
We spoke last night.
We spoke of several issues.
We spoke often.
We spoke on the phone last night.
We spoke on the phone.
We spoke only German.
We spoke quietly so as not to wake the baby.
We spoke through an interpreter.
We spoke to Tom.
We spoke to each other in French.
We spoke to her about it recently.
We spoke to her about it the other day.
We spoke to him about it recently.
We spoke to him about it the other day.
We spoke to no purpose.
We spoke to our uncle on the phone.
We spoke to the owner of the house.
We spoke what we know.
We spoke with Tom.
We spoke with her over the phone.
We spoke with the help of a translator.
We spoke yesterday.
We spoke, and honestly I have learned a lot of useful stuff.
We spoke, read, and wrote Tatar.
We spoke.
We spotted Mina.
We spotted Tom in the crowd.
We spotted Tom.
We spotted a group of mouflon during our hike.
We spotted the hyena.
We spotted them.
We spread ourselves out on the lawn.
We spread out and began to search through the woods.
We spread out the tablecloth on the grass by the river.
We sprinkle salt for purification.
We sprinkle salt to ward off bad luck.
We squeeze the orange and throw away the rind.
We squeezed into the elevator.
We squeezed into the little room.
We squeezed the medlars.
We squeezed through a hole in the fence.
We squelched across the muddy field.
We squished the medlars.
We stabbed ourselves.
We stand against free trade.
We stand behind you, Tom.
We stand face to face.
We stand firm in our resolve to seek truth.
We stand firm in stillness.
We stand firm in the face of adversity, unwavering.
We stand firm in the face of adversity.
We stand firm in the face of fear.
We stand firm in the light.
We stand firm, unwavering in our beliefs.
We stand for democracy.
We stand for humanity.
We stand for liberty.
We stand in stillness.
We stand poised at the threshold of reading more.
We stand together, unafraid of the dark.
We stand together, united in purpose and spirit.
We stand united against evil.
We stand united in our silent understanding.
We stared at Tom in disbelief.
We stared at Tom in silence, expecting him to speak.
We stared at Tom.
We stared at each other for quite a while.
We stared at each other.
We stared at her, bewildered.
We stared at them.
We start class at 9am, but he came as early as 8 o’clock.
We start class at nine o'clock, but he didn’t come until quarter past.
We start class at nine o’clock, but he didn’t come until quarter past.
We start classes next Monday.
We start for Osaka tomorrow morning.
We start getting hungry.
We start here in two hours, then.
We start here in two hours.
We start in half an hour!
We start our journey by visiting some of the famous landmarks, such as the Lalbagh Fort and the Dhaka University.
We start to work in the month of April.
We start tomorrow morning.
We start work at 8:00 a.m. five times a week.
We started a baking business.
We started a band because we were bored.
We started a business.
We started a campaign against smoking.
We started a community pantry.
We started according to plan.
We started all at once.
We started all over again.
We started apologizing.
We started at once, otherwise we would have missed him.
We started at six.
We started at the same time.
We started awfully slow.
We started beating the piñata with bats to get the sweets.
We started before sunrise.
We started celebrating as soon as Tom showed up.
We started clapping.
We started cooking.
We started coughing.
We started crying.
We started dating.
We started doing that a week ago.
We started doing this three weeks ago.
We started driving to Kabylie.
We started dropping into school unannounced to check up on the kids.
We started early in the morning.
We started early so as not to miss the train.
We started early.
We started fighting the bodyguards.
We started filming.
We started from scratch.
We started getting in trouble.
We started getting mad.
We started going to a new high school.
