Fyodor earns money, too.
Fyodor easily got his job back.
Fyodor eats ham.
Fyodor embarked on his hike.
Fyodor ended up calling Anna.
Fyodor endured the noise for ten grueling minutes.
Fyodor enjoyed going camping with his old man.
Fyodor enjoyed intercourse with Rima.
Fyodor entered the classroom.
Fyodor explained to Anna what happened.
Fyodor feels he doesn’t have a true home.
Fyodor fell asleep in his tent.
Fyodor fell down and is badly injured.
Fyodor fell fast asleep.
Fyodor fell into a ditch.
Fyodor felt a mixture of confusion and fear.
Fyodor felt like he was going to throw up.
Fyodor filed a criminal case against his mother.
Fyodor filmed a video tonight.
Fyodor finally answered.
Fyodor finally managed to get to sleep.
Fyodor finally returned home.
Fyodor finally stopped at a diner.
Fyodor finds dung beetles so cute.
Fyodor followed Rima everywhere.
Fyodor followed the orders.
Fyodor followed the path back.
Fyodor followed the wrong path.
Fyodor forced Rima to turn back.
Fyodor forcefully drove Rima home.
Fyodor forgot his key.
Fyodor forgot to pack his hiking shoes.
Fyodor found Rima cooped up in the bathtub.
Fyodor found Rima in a jungle-like place.
Fyodor found a big steaming pile of dung.
Fyodor found a lake surrounded by trees.
Fyodor found a massive huntsman spider inside his tent.
Fyodor found a new voice mail from Rima.
Fyodor found beer cans everywhere.
Fyodor found cyanide there.
Fyodor found himself confined in a box.
Fyodor found his own way.
Fyodor found his sister dead.
Fyodor found his way to the right hiking path.
Fyodor found out about Rima’s pregnancy.
Fyodor found plenty of dung beetles in the area.
Fyodor found some of his old articles and belongings.
Fyodor found that fascinating.
Fyodor froze like an ice cube.
Fyodor gathered all the details regarding the case.
Fyodor gathered enough courage to ring the doorbell.
Fyodor gave Anna the knife and the flashlight.
Fyodor gave Rima some documents that would help her move to Algiers.
Fyodor gave Rima the money that very night.
Fyodor gave a statement.
Fyodor gave a wrong answer.
Fyodor gave some leftover to Rima.
Fyodor gave the diary to Rima.
Fyodor gave up soccer.
Fyodor goes on camping trips once or twice a year.
Fyodor got a bit irritated.
Fyodor got a call from a friend.
Fyodor got a text from that guy.
Fyodor got a text.
Fyodor got along with that girl.
Fyodor got an award in mathematics.
Fyodor got angry and left.
Fyodor got back in the car and left.
Fyodor got constructive criticism.
Fyodor got excited.
Fyodor got further lost in the forest.
Fyodor got inside the car.
Fyodor got into the lake and swam around in the water for a while.
Fyodor got mad at Rima.
Fyodor got married without informing Rima.
Fyodor got out of the tent.
Fyodor got out of there.
Fyodor got really upset.
Fyodor got some pancakes.
Fyodor got stuck there.
Fyodor got the advantage.
Fyodor got the gun away from Anna.
Fyodor got tortured.
Fyodor got upset and angry.
Fyodor grabbed his flashlight tighter.
Fyodor grabbed the flashlight and went out of the tent to try and find Anna.
Fyodor grabbed the knife and tried to make himself look angry and crazy.
Fyodor grew up as a pastor's kid.
Fyodor grew up with wolves.
Fyodor had a best friend named Walid.
Fyodor had a giant tent.
Fyodor had a roommate.
Fyodor had an encounter with a rhino.
Fyodor had an experience that still makes his skin crawl.
Fyodor had expensive hiking gear.
Fyodor had his clothes.
Fyodor had his handgun holstered to his chest.
Fyodor had his own campsite in the provincial park.
Fyodor had terrible bloodshot eyes.
Fyodor had to bury Rima.
Fyodor had to cross the suspension bridge.
Fyodor had to swim around forty feet to reach the edge of the water.
Fyodor had to tiptoe to be quiet.
Fyodor had water in the canoe.
Fyodor hadn't been camping even once before he met Walid.
Fyodor handed the phone to Anna.
Fyodor has a company.
Fyodor has abused Rima several times.
Fyodor has always had a thing for taking control of others.
Fyodor has asked enough questions.
Fyodor has been arrested.
Fyodor has been doing shows worldwide.
Fyodor has been doing that for a long time.
Fyodor has been living in Algiers.
Fyodor has been on the camping trails for five days.
Fyodor has been watching this channel for many years.
Fyodor has come back.
Fyodor has done many camping trails in the Blida Atlas.
Fyodor has grown up.
Fyodor has had enough of Rima’s rudeness.
Fyodor has kept all the profits generated from that business.
Fyodor has left a handwritten apology letter.
Fyodor has made it through the night.
Fyodor has never been told about sex.
Fyodor has never had access to Internet.
Fyodor has no feet.
Fyodor has poop breath.
Fyodor has reclaimed his throne as king of Fyodorland.
Fyodor has said the word "dung" today more times than he did his entire life.
Fyodor has three or four kids.
Fyodor has to follow.
Fyodor hasn't been camping since.
Fyodor hasn’t been able to find his diary.
Fyodor headed down an off-road path.
Fyodor heard Anna get up and begin unzipping the tent.
Fyodor heard a deep voice shouting: "You need to leave!"
Fyodor heard a stick crack.
Fyodor heard a voice that he didn't recognize.
Fyodor heard footsteps approaching his tent.
Fyodor heard footsteps running towards him.
Fyodor heard footsteps rustling through the leaves.
Fyodor heard rustling in the bushes.
Fyodor heard some animal yelling.
Fyodor heard some leaves wrestling.
Fyodor heard some strange growling sounds.
Fyodor heard something moving around the campsite.
Fyodor heard something scratching against the ground.
Fyodor heard that giant swarm and he didn’t know where it was coming from.
Fyodor heard the engine shut off.
Fyodor heard the hyena move away.
Fyodor heard the hyena moving through the underbrush.
Fyodor heard the scratching sound again.
Fyodor heard the sound of a car engine roaring to life.
Fyodor heard the sound of a car speeding by.
Fyodor heard the sound of more people groaning and sighing.
Fyodor heard the sound of running footsteps.
Fyodor heard the zipper begin to open.
Fyodor heated up some food and ate.
Fyodor held Anna at gunpoint.
Fyodor held on to hope and didn't give up.
Fyodor helped Anna unload her luggage.
Fyodor helped Rima cook.
Fyodor hiked around the area.
Fyodor hiked through the lush forest.
Fyodor hit Anna's tent with a baseball bat.
Fyodor hitchhiked for a ride.
Fyodor hopped into his sleeping bag and zipped himself up.
Fyodor hopped into his truck, driving off into the distance.
Fyodor hung around the camp, enjoying his time in the wilderness.
Fyodor ignored Rima entirely.
Fyodor immediately apologized to Anna.
Fyodor immediately began kicking and screaming.
Fyodor impressed his girlfriend.
Fyodor injected himself with that.
Fyodor interrogated Rima’s mother.
Fyodor is a bad roommate.
Fyodor is a pretty boring person.
Fyodor is a rich man.
Fyodor is a very rich man.
Fyodor is about to make his move.
Fyodor is about to take control.
Fyodor is also an astrological consultant.
Fyodor is an alcoholic who doesn’t care about Rima’s whereabouts.
Fyodor is an outdoors enthusiast.
Fyodor is another lawyer.
Fyodor is back from Algeria.
Fyodor is back in the game.
Fyodor is behind Rima’s father’s murder.
Fyodor is clearly struggling.
Fyodor is completely lost.
Fyodor is doomed to hell.
Fyodor is famously bad at this.
Fyodor is going camping with Anna.
Fyodor is going to explain the movie.
Fyodor is going to get out of there.
Fyodor is going to sing.
Fyodor is headed in the right direction.
Fyodor is hiding inside the house.
Fyodor is independent.
Fyodor is living at an Internet cafe.
Fyodor is living in Morocco under an assumed name.
Fyodor is not asleep.
Fyodor is not going to mention names.
Fyodor is not super personal with Rima.
Fyodor is not talking about gold.
Fyodor is not that smart.
Fyodor is patient.
Fyodor is really cold.
Fyodor is sitting on Anna's expensive Shawi dress.
Fyodor is so close.
Fyodor is staying the night at Rima’s place tonight.
Fyodor is sure that Rima has left him.
Fyodor is uncomfortable about going to clubs.
Fyodor is watching Rima.
Fyodor is wearing a wig.
Fyodor is young but very intelligent.
Fyodor isn't gonna hurt Anna.
Fyodor jolted awake.
Fyodor just drove as fast as he could out of there.
Fyodor just sat and enjoyed himself.
Fyodor just stayed put and called for help.
Fyodor just texted Rima.
Fyodor just wanted to get out of there.
Fyodor just wanted to go camping.
Fyodor killed Rima for her money.
Fyodor kissed Rima for the first time.
Fyodor kissed Rima out of the blue.
Fyodor knew Walid was a capable guy.
Fyodor knew about that.
Fyodor knew he had to keep running.
Fyodor knew he wouldn't be able to sleep knowing that there were hyenas in the area.
Fyodor knew that Anna wasn't going to let go.
Fyodor knew that was going to happen.
Fyodor knew the RV was too slow to get away from that car.
Fyodor knows Anna has the keys.
Fyodor knows about the affair between Walid and Skura.
Fyodor knows everything about that little girl.
Fyodor knows how to pleasure a woman.
Fyodor later accepted that fact.
Fyodor laughed Anna's story off.
Fyodor laughed as he ran off.
Fyodor learnt some Berber phrases.
Fyodor left his mother’s house.
Fyodor left his tent.
Fyodor left in a hurry.
Fyodor left in the middle of dinner.
Fyodor left the building.
Fyodor left the next morning.
Fyodor left the party.
Fyodor left the show.
Fyodor left with his daughter.
Fyodor left without saying anything.
Fyodor likes soccer, too.
Fyodor listened carefully.
Fyodor listened to great music.
Fyodor lit up a firework and threw it out.
Fyodor lit up another firework.
Fyodor lives in an ultraorthodox community in New York.
Fyodor lives somewhere in Algeria.
Fyodor locked Rima up in the box.
Fyodor locked the RV and went into his tent to sleep.
Fyodor locked the gate until five am.
Fyodor looked at Anna super confused.
Fyodor looked back again at Anna.
Fyodor looked behind the tree and there was nothing there.
Fyodor looked himself in the mirror.
Fyodor looked horrified.
Fyodor looked like a middle-aged man.
Fyodor looked over in that direction and caught sight of that dark figure.
Fyodor lost all his wealth.
Fyodor lost grip of the canoe.
Fyodor lost his Algerian identity.
Fyodor lost track of time.
Fyodor loves biographical films.
Fyodor made Rima presentable.
Fyodor made a fire pit and cooked dinner.
Fyodor made a walk of shame across campus.
Fyodor made his statement to the police.
Fyodor made it out of the woods.
Fyodor made it out safely.
Fyodor made it to the campsite.
Fyodor made sure Rima had everything she needed.
Fyodor made sure he had everything he needed.
Fyodor marveled at the wonders of the area.
Fyodor met many intellectual people.
Fyodor misses his father.
Fyodor moved again.
Fyodor moved into his new house.
Fyodor must be with Rima.
Fyodor must lie a bit.
Fyodor must live with Rima in Algiers after their marriage.
Fyodor narrated Anna's story on his YouTube channel.
Fyodor nearly emptied his bank account.
Fyodor needs to cut the crap and get to the story.
Fyodor needs to reach out for assistance.
Fyodor needs to watch his back.
Fyodor never got too close to Rima.
Fyodor never liked anyone in the family except Rima.
Fyodor never looked away from Anna.
Fyodor never mentioned the gunshot.
Fyodor never paid much attention to such tales.
Fyodor never signs papers without knowing the contents.
Fyodor never went camping again.
Fyodor noticed a security guard standing there, his posture rigid and intense.
Fyodor noticed the broken box.
Fyodor noticed the tension.
Fyodor notified the police.
Fyodor offered Rima a ride home.
Fyodor offered to buy Rima breakfast.
Fyodor offered to keep an eye on Rima’s belongings.
Fyodor only asks for money.
Fyodor opened his sleeping bag.
Fyodor opened the envelope.
Fyodor packed Rima some restaurant leftovers.
Fyodor packed a duffel bag full of clothes.
Fyodor packed his gear meticulously.
Fyodor packed some restaurant leftovers for Rima.
Fyodor packed things up and left.
Fyodor packed up as fast as he could.
Fyodor packed up his comfortable RV and started his journey with happy feelings.
Fyodor packed up his stuff.
Fyodor paid Rima no mind.
Fyodor parked his RV on the side of a dirt road.
Fyodor peeked out and could make out a person right outside his tent.
Fyodor performed his daily prayers.
Fyodor picked all the beer cans up.
Fyodor picked the beer cans up.
Fyodor picked the dung beetle up.
Fyodor picked the fish up and threw it back in the water.
Fyodor planned a solo camping trip to the dense woods of the Blida Atlas.
Fyodor planned to use that trail to reach the next campsite.
Fyodor poked his head out of his tent.
Fyodor posed awkwardly for the picture.
Fyodor posted a video on the Internet.
Fyodor posts videos on YouTube.
Fyodor practiced every day with Rima.
Fyodor practiced in secret.
Fyodor prayed in the mosque.
Fyodor prepared for bed.
Fyodor prepared some couscous with sausage.
Fyodor prepared to get the campfire going again.
Fyodor pretended to be shopping.
Fyodor promised he would take Anna on his next camping trip.
Fyodor promised to visit Rima when the audition starts.
Fyodor pulled his knife and prepared for the confrontation ahead.
Fyodor pulled his tent open.
Fyodor pulled on Anna's ankle.
Fyodor pulled out a pistol from his truck and started shooting at the van.
Fyodor put Rima in a boarding school.
Fyodor put a knife on Rima’s throat.
Fyodor put cyanide in the hot chocolate.
Fyodor put himself in that position.
Fyodor put his fire out.
Fyodor put on his jeans over his pajamas.
Fyodor put the gun away.
Fyodor put the knife in Rima’s room.
Fyodor put the truck in gear and started down the rough road.
Fyodor quickly called the cops.
Fyodor quickly got out of his sleeping bag.
Fyodor quickly left after that.
Fyodor quickly maneuvered the RV.
Fyodor quickly packed up his tent and left the spot.
Fyodor quickly put up his tent and got a fire going.
Fyodor quickly ran away.
Fyodor quickly reached for his flashlight.
Fyodor quickly settled in his sleeping bag and fell asleep to the sounds of the forest.
Fyodor quickly woke up his friends.
Fyodor ran back into the woods.
Fyodor ran back to the camp.
Fyodor ran off into the woods.
Fyodor ran to his room.
Fyodor ran towards his car.
Fyodor read Rima’s diary out loud.
Fyodor read that in Rima’s diary.
Fyodor realized he was in immediate danger.
Fyodor really cared about Rima.
Fyodor really loved wearing that tennis outfit.
Fyodor received a letter from Rima.
Fyodor refused to join the music group.
Fyodor refused to leave his Algerian culture.
Fyodor refused to let strangers stay at his house.
Fyodor regularly checks out Rima’s stuff on her YouTube channel.
Fyodor remained silent.
Fyodor removed the stick.
Fyodor resigned the following day.
Fyodor returned back to his tent and lied down.
Fyodor rolled up his tent and went back home.
Fyodor ruined his sneakers.
Fyodor said he hated his mother and wanted to live with his father.
Fyodor said he smelt something.
Fyodor said his first word four days ago.
Fyodor sang another beautiful Berber song.
Fyodor sat at the campfire and had some drinks.
Fyodor sat at the dining table.
Fyodor sat by his fire, roasting marshmallows.
Fyodor sat by the fire until the sun fully came out.
Fyodor sat in the middle of the canoe.
Fyodor sat there awake until five am.
Fyodor sat there for a while.
Fyodor sat there wide awake for about five hours.
Fyodor sat with his sister.
Fyodor saved enough to buy an RV.
Fyodor saw Anna hanging from the ceiling fan.
Fyodor saw Anna making a fire.
Fyodor saw Anna peek out at him.
Fyodor saw Rima walking towards him.
Fyodor saw Rima was struggling.
Fyodor saw Walid kissing a woman.
Fyodor saw a bunch of guys harassing Rima.
Fyodor saw a cutter.
Fyodor saw a dung beetle pushing a dung ball around.
Fyodor saw a figure lurking in the shadows.
Fyodor saw a small group of girls rehearsing one of his songs.
Fyodor saw an elderly woman dressed entirely in black.
Fyodor saw figures come out of the darkness.
Fyodor saw something far ahead rush past his view.
Fyodor saw the beautiful waterfall.
Fyodor saw the flame of the campfire and found his way back.
Fyodor saw the lights of a nearby gas station and sprinted to it.
Fyodor saw the lights of a nearby town.
Fyodor says his religion doesn’t allow that.
Fyodor sealed the tent up tight.
Fyodor secretly recorded Rima.
Fyodor seemed fine.
Fyodor seemed really distant and jealous.
Fyodor seized his opportunity.
Fyodor set up camp quickly.
Fyodor set up his tent in a secluded spot.
Fyodor set up his tent near a huge oak tree.
Fyodor settled into his sleeping bag.
Fyodor settled into his tent for the night.
Fyodor shared his concerns.
Fyodor shared his food with the janitor.
Fyodor shared his lunchbox with Rima.
Fyodor should cut Rima some slack.
Fyodor should have been more prepared.
Fyodor should never have let Rima go.
Fyodor should spend more time with his daughter.
Fyodor shouted out from the inside.
Fyodor shoved Rima away.
Fyodor shovels manure for a living.
Fyodor signed a petition.
Fyodor signed a slavery contract.
Fyodor signed that will.
Fyodor signed the contract, too.
Fyodor signed the document in front of everyone.
Fyodor sings beautifully.
Fyodor slammed the door in Rima’s face.
Fyodor slapped Rima for being late.
Fyodor slept about four hours.
Fyodor slept in the parking lot.
Fyodor slept in the shack.
Fyodor slept in the tightly packed car.
Fyodor slept there like a homeless person.
Fyodor slept through the night.
Fyodor slowly opened the blinds and looked out the window.
Fyodor sounded like an idiot.
Fyodor sped out of there as fast as he could.
Fyodor spent a lot of time canoeing.
Fyodor spent the best summers of his life in Algeria.
Fyodor spent the last week in the area at the summer camp.
Fyodor spoke in a confused and panicked tone.
Fyodor spotted Rima walking with Walid.
Fyodor spotted a few jackals in the area.
Fyodor stared at Anna, terrified.
Fyodor stared at Rima.
Fyodor started backing up.
Fyodor started from the beginning.
Fyodor started hearing the sound of something moving near his tent.
Fyodor started looking for Anna two hours after nightfall.
Fyodor started quickly going back.
Fyodor started roasting marshmallows.
Fyodor started searching for a spot to set up his tent.
Fyodor started the fire with some matches.
Fyodor started the investigation.
Fyodor started to ask questions in broken Berber.
Fyodor started to enjoy himself.
Fyodor started to get more aggressive.
Fyodor started to get supper ready.
Fyodor started to paddle.
Fyodor started to rummage through Anna's things, throwing her belongings throughout the tent.
Fyodor started to wonder whether he was on the right trail or not.
Fyodor started unzipping his tent.
Fyodor stayed a few nights in the woods of the Blida Atlas National Park before going back to Algiers.
Fyodor stayed there another night.
Fyodor stayed up through the entire night.
Fyodor stayed with Rima throughout the moving process.
Fyodor steered Anna hard to the left.
Fyodor stepped into the water.
Fyodor still couldn't breathe.
Fyodor still faced Anna.
Fyodor still has no idea who those men were or what they were looking for.
Fyodor still likes Rima.
Fyodor still refuses to shell those details.
Fyodor still remembers this like it was yesterday.
Fyodor still ventures out into nature, but never alone.
Fyodor stole camping equipment from tourists.
Fyodor stood behind the leader.
Fyodor stood in the shadows, his face obscured by the darkness.
Fyodor stood on the tree line.
Fyodor stopped at the gas station.
Fyodor stored the loquats in a cooler that was too small.
Fyodor strolled outside.
Fyodor suspected Rima as the killer.
Fyodor suspected that Anna had been messing with Boris.
Fyodor swam at least forty meters.
Fyodor swam in the lake.
Fyodor swerved his RV right into the car.
Fyodor takes his daughter to every show.
Fyodor talked about how things could be worked out.
Fyodor talks to Rima.
Fyodor taught Rima some Berber.
Fyodor taught Rima’s kids.
Fyodor tended to Rima’s wound.
Fyodor thinks his grandfather has been murdered.
Fyodor thinks school kills a child’s creativity.
Fyodor thought an animal had attacked Anna.
Fyodor thought he saw someone.
Fyodor threatened to call the police.
Fyodor threw the piece of paper away.
Fyodor told Anna she couldn't camp there.
Fyodor told Anna to paddle hard.
Fyodor told Rima about Skura.
Fyodor told Rima he came from Algeria.
Fyodor told Rima that Walid and Skura were having an affair.
Fyodor told Rima that he came from Algiers.
Fyodor told Rima that he was returning to Algeria.
Fyodor told everyone that his wife was unhappy in the marriage.
Fyodor told how he previously hated his mother.
Fyodor told us he would tell us more in the morning.
Fyodor took Rima outside for some work.
Fyodor took Rima to his home.
Fyodor took Rima to school.
Fyodor took Rima to the hospital for treatment.
Fyodor took a closer look at the dung beetle.
Fyodor took a day or two off from work.
Fyodor took a rifle with him.
Fyodor took both Rima and Walid with him.
Fyodor took out his anger on Rima.
Fyodor took people canoeing in the area.
Fyodor took the magazine to the bathroom.
Fyodor took the opportunity to play the guitar.
Fyodor tore the check into two pieces.
Fyodor tried to cover up himself with his coat.
Fyodor tried to escape but was captured.
Fyodor tried to kill Rima as well.
Fyodor tried to maintain his composure.
Fyodor tried to sound brave.
Fyodor turned the RV around quickly.
Fyodor turned the basement light off.
Fyodor turned the key and the engine started.
Fyodor turned the radio on and off.
Fyodor unzipped his sleeping bag.
Fyodor unzipped the tent and went out to the trees.
Fyodor used a Bible reference to justify that.
Fyodor used his math skills.
Fyodor used to be in a relationship with Rima.
Fyodor used to live with his grandmother.
Fyodor visited his old friends in Algiers.
Fyodor visited his teacher.
Fyodor visited many places in Algeria.
Fyodor waited for rescuers to come.
Fyodor waited for the authorities to arrive.
Fyodor waited inside the building.
Fyodor waited until it became dark.
Fyodor walked back into the trees.
Fyodor walked into the forest and didn't come back.
Fyodor walked over to the security shack.
Fyodor walked to Rima’s dorm.
Fyodor walked to the lake.
Fyodor wanted to assert his dominance in Rima’s life.
Fyodor wanted to camp, not hike.
Fyodor wanted to enjoy that scene.
Fyodor wanted to escape from the darkness that surrounded him.
Fyodor wanted to find relaxation in the wild.
Fyodor wanted to get Rima back home at any cost.
Fyodor wanted to get far away from the chaos of the city.
Fyodor wanted to go on another camping adventure.
Fyodor wanted to go to the ice cream shop before it closed.
Fyodor wanted to have a great summer vacation.
Fyodor wanted to make the most out of his vacation in Algeria.
Fyodor wanted to put as much distance between him and Anna as possible.
Fyodor wanted to reconnect with nature in Algeria.
Fyodor wanted to surprise Anna with a camping trip.
Fyodor wants couscous and he's having couscous.
Fyodor wants to fit in with his friends.
Fyodor wants to go to Rima’s place tonight.
Fyodor wants to live as ordinary people live.
Fyodor wants to tell Rima’s parents and get their blessings.
Fyodor was a Scout leader.
Fyodor was a couple of hours away.
Fyodor was a fellow nature enthusiast.
Fyodor was a little kid.
Fyodor was about to leave.
Fyodor was aggressive.
Fyodor was also hitchhiking.
Fyodor was an experience camper.
Fyodor was armed with a knife.
Fyodor was asleep in no time.
Fyodor was assaulted by a group of forty guys.
Fyodor was astounded by seeing Rima’s talent.
Fyodor was at the mercy of nature.
Fyodor was awaken by the sound of footsteps around his RV.
Fyodor was awakened by the sound of voices outside his tent.
Fyodor was back in his box.
Fyodor was back in the race.
Fyodor was backpacking through Algeria and trying to save money by camping.
Fyodor was beaming with happiness.
Fyodor was born in Algiers.
Fyodor was born that way.
Fyodor was camping a few hours away from his hometown.
Fyodor was casually seeing Rima.
Fyodor was close to the water.
Fyodor was crying excessively.
Fyodor was curious about how Rima did that.
Fyodor was deeply asleep.
Fyodor was determined to restore his credibility.
Fyodor was diagnosed with anxiety.
Fyodor was doing a talk show in Algiers.
Fyodor was dressed in work clothes.
Fyodor was eager to escape the ordinary routine of his life.
Fyodor was enamored by his cousin and everything he did.
Fyodor was enjoying himself.
Fyodor was excited to escape the city and enjoy some camping in the great outdoors.
Fyodor was far away in the woods.
Fyodor was fascinated by the beauty surrounding him.
Fyodor was filming a dung beetle in the backyard.
Fyodor was followed by the entire group.
Fyodor was getting closer to the entrance of the campground.
Fyodor was getting soaked.
Fyodor was going along a new camping trail in the Blida Atlas.
Fyodor was hallucinating.
Fyodor was happy with his mother.
Fyodor was hiding underneath the bed.
Fyodor was humming to Rima’s song.
Fyodor was impressed by Rima’s singing.
Fyodor was in Algiers, Algeria.
Fyodor was in a slightly delirious state.
Fyodor was in a traumatized state.
Fyodor was in his car with his mother.
Fyodor was in his tent to cover from the hail.
Fyodor was in the driver's seat, asleep.
Fyodor was in the rain.
Fyodor was introduced to his class by his Berber teacher.
Fyodor was invited to the dining table.
Fyodor was irritated at Anna.
Fyodor was jolted awake by a noise.
Fyodor was just trying to trick Anna.
Fyodor was known to be very gifted.
Fyodor was learning how to swim.
Fyodor was looking for the car key.
Fyodor was not coming.
Fyodor was not getting along with Rima.
Fyodor was not going hiking.
Fyodor was nowhere to be found.
Fyodor was on a break from his magic shows.
Fyodor was on a camping trail in the Blida Atlas.
Fyodor was on a different path.
Fyodor was on his way to the airport.
Fyodor was on the other side of the lake.
Fyodor was ordering a drink.
Fyodor was outside to stop Rima.
Fyodor was overjoyed to see Rima.
Fyodor was paddling in the front.
Fyodor was participating in a musical program.
Fyodor was physically shaking.
Fyodor was playing around.
Fyodor was pretty on edge.
Fyodor was really excited about a trip to Algeria.
Fyodor was really unsure where he was.
Fyodor was relieved when the engine started.
Fyodor was ruining Anna's hiking trip.
Fyodor was selling his Algiers property.
Fyodor was sent to a summer camp for about five weeks.
Fyodor was setting up dinner.
Fyodor was shy and couldn’t hold eye contact.
Fyodor was sitting at a table.
Fyodor was sitting by the fire, cooking some dinner.
Fyodor was sleeping in the bed.
Fyodor was solving a math problem while playing around.
Fyodor was stiff with fear.
Fyodor was still basking in the sun.
Fyodor was still half-asleep.
Fyodor was still quite scared of the dark.
Fyodor was still unsure about where to go.
Fyodor was struggling to get intimate with Rima.
Fyodor was stuck between two trees.
Fyodor was submerged in the darkness.
Fyodor was supposed to earn money.
Fyodor was talking with his daughter.
Fyodor was thanking his lucky stars that Anna was strong.
Fyodor was the only one Rima was comfortable with.
Fyodor was there on purpose.
Fyodor was throwing objects at Anna's tent.
Fyodor was tired of being controlled by Rima.
Fyodor was too freaked out to stay there.
Fyodor was too nervous to go outside.
Fyodor was too scared to say a word.
Fyodor was tragically tired.
Fyodor was trying to avoid the knife.
Fyodor was very drunk.
Fyodor was visibly scared.
Fyodor was visiting his grandparents' house in Bejaia, Algeria.
Fyodor was waiting for Rima to give her the good news.
Fyodor was walking alone on the college campus.
Fyodor was walking down a deserted path.
Fyodor was watching a dung beetle battle.
Fyodor was watching the dung beetles fighting over a dung ball.
Fyodor was wearing a baseball cap and a blue jacket.
Fyodor was wearing a long black coat.
Fyodor was wearing a security guard's uniform.
Fyodor was wearing a wig.
Fyodor was wet and scare, but otherwise fine.
Fyodor was woken up again.
Fyodor was worried about you.
Fyodor wasn't allowed to have a gun.
Fyodor wasn't wearing a blue jacket.
Fyodor wasn’t that into Rima.
Fyodor watched Rima perform.
Fyodor watched the hyena disappear into the forest.
Fyodor went back to the camping site.
Fyodor went camping in late summer.
Fyodor went camping in the outback.
Fyodor went camping on his own.
Fyodor went camping with his friend in the Blida Atlas National Park.
Fyodor went down a dirt path.
Fyodor went down to the basement.
Fyodor went downstairs to greet Anna.
Fyodor went into his tent.
Fyodor went kayaking.
Fyodor went on an exciting adventure in his RV.
Fyodor went on another camping trip.
Fyodor went through Anna's backpack and found nothing of value.
Fyodor went to Algiers as quickly as he could.
Fyodor went to Rima’s home.
Fyodor went to Rima’s mansion.
Fyodor went to a nearby campsite.
Fyodor went to a religious leader.
Fyodor went to a secluded campsite deep in the Tell Atlas Mountains.
Fyodor went to a secluded forest.
Fyodor went to collect dry wood.
Fyodor went to collect some dry sticks.
Fyodor went to hang out with that guy.
Fyodor went to his old Algiers home.
Fyodor went to his school.
Fyodor went to his swimming class.
Fyodor went to meet Rima.
Fyodor went to one of the lounges.
Fyodor went to see a doctor.
Fyodor went to stay with them for a week.
Fyodor went to that mosque at midnight.
Fyodor went to the dormitory.
Fyodor went to the fifth campsite.
Fyodor went to various countries to do his show.
Fyodor went to various places in Algeria.
Fyodor whispered to me in his raspy voice: "Leave the room immediately."
Fyodor will be away from Algiers.
Fyodor will be there later.
Fyodor will go to jail.
Fyodor will never forget that night and the terror that came with it.
Fyodor will never touch Rima again.
Fyodor will send Rima money every month.
Fyodor will soon explain this.
Fyodor wished Rima health.
Fyodor wished the tourists a pleasant stay.
Fyodor woke up beside Rima.
Fyodor woke up to a scratching sound.
Fyodor woke up to a strange sound coming from outside.
Fyodor woke up to crackling outside the tent.
Fyodor wondered what Anna's intentions were.
Fyodor won’t be coming.
Fyodor won’t run anywhere.
Fyodor wore stained jeans.
Fyodor worked an entire summer with Anna.
Fyodor worked as a canoe guide.
Fyodor worked as an outdoor guide.
Fyodor worked by himself.
Fyodor would be great on the music team.
Fyodor wrote a letter to his father.
Fyodor yelled again and again to no response.
Fyodor's RV was just forty feet away from our own.
Fyodor's arms were folded across his chest.
Fyodor's backpack was next to his tent.
Fyodor's canoe capsized.
Fyodor's canoe tipped.
Fyodor's canoe weighs around eighty pounds.
Fyodor's cousin was his idol.
Fyodor's dad is a fun crusher.
Fyodor's eyes glinted in the feeble moonlight.
Fyodor's eyes were filled with malice.
Fyodor's eyes were wide open.
Fyodor's face went numb.
Fyodor's family needs to stay strong and connected.
Fyodor's flashlight was dead.
Fyodor's heart pounded so hard.
Fyodor's heart was pounding in his chest.
Fyodor's hiking week was over.
Fyodor's imagination began to run wild.
Fyodor's personal wealth began to evaporate.
Fyodor's smile started getting wider and wider.
Fyodor's story really makes my skin crawl.
Fyodor's story sounded fictional.
Fyodor's tennis outfit was gone.
Fyodor's tennis outfit was in his suitcase.
Fyodor's tent had thin walls.
Fyodor's tent was unharmed.
Fyodor's truck crashed into the back of Anna's RV.
Fyodor's truck was about forty yards away.
Fyodor's truck was intercepted by a group of rebels.
Fyodor's voice was almost menacing.
Fyodor's whole body was in a shock.
Fyodor’s bail is almost impossible.
Fyodor’s car didn’t start.
Fyodor’s car fell into a ditch.
Fyodor’s car stopped.
Fyodor’s childhood was snatched away.
Fyodor’s dog started barking at Rima.
Fyodor’s family is too influential.
Fyodor’s father is a rich man named Walid.
Fyodor’s film was a flop.
Fyodor’s grandmother was the only person he trusted.
Fyodor’s key was in the dorm room.
Fyodor’s mother is a spiteful woman who despises Rima.
Fyodor’s parents are watching this.
Fyodor’s piece was beautiful.
Fyodor’s piece will never impress the judges.
Fyodor’s religion doesn’t allow him to be in a place like that.
Fyodor’s skills were seen worldwide.
Fyodor’s stuff is at Rima’s place.
Fyodor’s wife is pregnant.
Fyodor’s window is open.
Für Elise is one of the first pieces that I learned to play on the piano.
G'afternoon!
G'day!
G'day, Tom!
G'day, mate.
G'day.
G-Dragon is my future husband. He may not know it yet, but it's set in stone.
G-LOC happens during sharp turns and high-speed accelerations, when centrifugal force reduces the normal flow of blood to the pilot’s brain.
G. Gordon Liddy, the guy Richard Nixon hired to carry out the Watergate break-in, openly worshiped the SS.
GCC is a compiler while Python is an interpreter.
GDP growth of 4.5% in 2017 was insufficient to make a significant difference.
GDP growth picked up in 2017 as mineral prices rose.
GDP growth turned positive in 2017 as oil prices recovered and output stabilized.
GDP isn't a measure of the quality of life in a country.
GDP isn't a measure of well-being.
GE announced the acquisition of the Lake company for $30 million.
GE announced the acquisition of the company Laku for $30 million.
GESARA will be implemented.
GMOs are neither good nor bad inherently.
GNP increased at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 4.5% in the fourth quarter.
GNP is measured as the total market value of all the goods and service produced by a nation during a specified period.
GPS allows us to hone in on the correct location.
GPS allows you to determine your location using satellites.
GPS means "Global Positioning System".
GPS signal not found.
GPS stands for "Global Positioning System."
GPS trackers are raising new questions about privacy and a legal system that has not kept pace with technology.
GSK says that once approved the vaccine will be priced at the manufacturing cost plus a margin of five percent that would be reinvested for research into future malaria vaccines.
Ga-ga is a variant of dodgeball.
Gabala radar station has ceased operations.
Gabby Pahinui sang in Hawaiian.
Gabe Black Moon, who co-teaches Lakota with Moore, remembered his time at one such school.
Gabeira broke her ankle and nearly drowned in the same spot in 2013.
Gabeira broke her previous mark by nearly 2 meters during a big wave competition at Nazarre on February 11.
Gabon faces fluctuating international prices for its oil, timber, and manganese exports.
Gabon has invested millions of dollars to fight the poachers and protect its unique wildlife.
Gaboon vipers have unique horns on the tip of their noses.
Gabor accepted help from Martha.
Gabor accidentally fell into one of Martha's traps.
Gabor accidentally spilled juice on the keyboard.
Gabor acted like a child.
Gabor admired Olivia's mansion.
Gabor always thought only of himself.
Gabor always wanted siblings.
Gabor always wanted to help people.
Gabor and Martha decided to go on a date together.
Gabor and Martha gave each other second chances.
Gabor and Martha had a fight about that.
Gabor and Martha had a terrible dinner.
Gabor and Martha had a totally blissful relationship.
Gabor and Martha have a lot of problems.
Gabor and Martha officially broke up their friendship.
Gabor and Martha played different games.
Gabor and Martha shared things about their personal lives.
Gabor and Martha spent the day together.
Gabor and Martha wanted to get back together.
Gabor and Martha wanted to settle their differences.
Gabor and Martha went to the beach together.
Gabor and Martha were having a study session in the library.
Gabor and Olivia are getting married this weekend.
Gabor and Olivia shared toothbrushes.
Gabor and Olivia started planning a wedding.
Gabor and Olivia were similar in character.
Gabor and his dad discussed everything.
Gabor and his friends explored the mansion.
Gabor and his parents argued for a long time.
Gabor appeared at the door.
Gabor argued with the native.
Gabor arrived at the palace.
Gabor asked Martha to give him back his ball.
Gabor asked on the progress of the operation.
Gabor asked what day it was.
Gabor asked what time it was.
Gabor ate the dish himself.
Gabor avoided Martha in hallways.
Gabor backed away out of sight.
Gabor barely heard what his mom said next.
Gabor became Martha's employee.
Gabor became disillusioned with the world and moved to an island to live in harmony with nature.
Gabor became that fool himself.
Gabor began licking Martha's entire body.
Gabor began to hear footsteps.
Gabor began to hear weird noises in the trees.
Gabor began walking around the island.
Gabor begged his mom to send him back to school.
Gabor bent the wire into a straight line.
Gabor bought Martha's beat-up Volkswagen.
Gabor bought a department store.
Gabor bought a gorgeous mansion for Olivia.
Gabor bought that island.
Gabor bought the store.
Gabor bowed down and kissed Olivia's hand.
Gabor broke into a run.
Gabor broke the silence and told Martha everything he thought about her.
Gabor brought Martha an oyster with a pearl as a gift.
Gabor brought Martha to an other island.
Gabor brought Olivia home unharmed.
Gabor brought his guitar to school.
Gabor built a church on the island.
Gabor built a safe treehouse.
Gabor built a treehouse.
Gabor bumped into an old friend.
Gabor bumped into the principal.
Gabor buried the bones back.
Gabor called his ex-girlfriend.
Gabor called out to Olivia in an uncertain voice.
Gabor called the cops right after he left.
Gabor called the police and told them he kidnapped a girl.
Gabor came and cuddled up next to Dad.
Gabor came home pretty drunk.
Gabor came into the bar.
Gabor came out of his room.
Gabor came out of the carriage with Olivia.
Gabor came out of the closet.
Gabor came out to his parents and confessed.
Gabor came out to the garden.
Gabor came to the park, hoping to see Martha.
Gabor came up with all sorts of excuses so as not to go out with Olivia anymore.
Gabor came with his lawyers next to him.
Gabor can communicate with animals.
Gabor can communicate with the dolphins.
Gabor can hold his breath for a long time.
Gabor can make millions.
Gabor can make your life miserable.
Gabor can order whatever food he wants.
Gabor can stay in the water for five minutes.
Gabor can use the backyard.
Gabor can't be on the island.
Gabor can't carry any bags.
Gabor can't eat that plant.
Gabor cared about his family very much.
Gabor caught Martha and Vladimir on camera.
Gabor caught Martha stealing in the store on video.
Gabor caught some fish.
Gabor cautiously looked through the window.
Gabor cautiously opened his eyes and saw Olivia.
Gabor checked the trophies in the hallways.
Gabor chose a new style.
Gabor cleaned that building alone every night.
Gabor climbed out the window.
Gabor closed his locker.
Gabor closed the door hard.
Gabor collapsed from exhaustion.
Gabor collected a lot of medieval weapons and armors.
Gabor communicated with his supervisors.
Gabor constructed the treehouse skillfully.
Gabor continued his work on the island.
Gabor continued to repair his signs.
Gabor continued to study birds on the island.
Gabor convinced Martha that he had a business idea.
Gabor cornered Martha by her locker.
Gabor corrected the kids' pronunciation mistakes.
Gabor could have done that without Martha's help.
Gabor could have drowned in the pool.
Gabor could see the shark's fin coming towards him.
Gabor could see the unmistakable resemblance between Olivia and her dad.
Gabor could still hear that breathing.
Gabor couldn't afford to stay at a resort.
Gabor couldn't bare looking at the animals' sad eyes.
Gabor couldn't catch any fish that day.
Gabor couldn't hold back his tears.
Gabor couldn't make any music.
Gabor couldn't perform because of that injury.
Gabor couldn't stop thinking of his dad.
Gabor couldn't tell Olivia about his venture.
Gabor crept out of his room and made for the basement.
Gabor cried in happiness.
Gabor crossed the intersection.
Gabor crossed the street and narrowly missed being run over.
Gabor darted back inside his house.
Gabor decided to build a resort on that island.
Gabor decided to climb the mountain.
Gabor decided to get off the island even at the risk of his life.
Gabor decided to head back to the beach.
Gabor decided to hide Martha in the hut.
Gabor decided to send Martha to the school she requested.
Gabor decided to teach his parrot to talk.
Gabor decorated the doghouse.
Gabor decorated the treehouse creatively.
Gabor deleted all of Martha's video games.
Gabor demanded to know what happened to his mother.
Gabor designed the treehouse beautifully.
Gabor did a lot of law-breaking that day.
Gabor did everything to make Martha's life a living nightmare.
Gabor did really great in that lecture.
Gabor did that on the beach.
Gabor didn't answer Martha's calls or texts.
Gabor didn't believe in cryptids.
Gabor didn't care about Martha's life.
Gabor didn't care about the physical pain.
Gabor didn't even remember his own name.
Gabor didn't even want to come to work.
Gabor didn't have a chance to react.
Gabor didn't see anything positive in his life.
Gabor didn't send any more messages.
Gabor didn't want to live with his parents anymore.
Gabor didn't want to ruin his dad's joy.
Gabor didn't write his own songs.
Gabor disappeared into another room.
Gabor disappeared with Martha's card.
Gabor discovered a rocky tunnel in the woods.
Gabor doesn't have a life to return to.
Gabor doesn't have any problems.
Gabor doesn't know how he survived the night.
Gabor doesn't want Martha to go to the mainland.
Gabor doesn't want to go to a party.
Gabor drank the juice.
Gabor drank water from the river.
Gabor dreamt about his island.
Gabor dropped by Olivia's cafe.
Gabor dropped the torch light.
Gabor dug a shelter in the woods.
Gabor emerged from the darkness.
Gabor encouraged the kids to participate.
Gabor enjoyed going to Martha's concerts.
Gabor enjoyed his life in the sea.
Gabor enjoyed the solitude on the island.
Gabor enjoyed the wonders of the Sahara Desert.
Gabor entered the jungle to pick up some wood.
Gabor entered the jungle.
Gabor even offered Martha money.
Gabor explored the island.
Gabor fell back to sleep.
Gabor felt a wave of guilt wash over him.
Gabor felt like he was in paradise.
Gabor felt so sorry for the actors.
Gabor finally came out of the sea.
Gabor finally found Martha hiding behind one of the sofas, crying.
Gabor finally realized his second big mistake.
Gabor finally told Martha the truth.
Gabor finally went to his room.
Gabor flocked away to go see the principal.
Gabor followed the girl.
Gabor forced his daugther to leave Uni.
Gabor fought a very difficult battle.
Gabor found Martha in Vladimir's office.
Gabor found a can of gasoline in the cave.
Gabor found a dead monkey in the forest.
Gabor found a friend to play with in the park.
Gabor found a glass shard.
Gabor found a magazine that had washed ashore.
Gabor found a tree with weird decorations.
Gabor found all of his bottles smashed and destroyed.
Gabor found all those stolen paintings in Martha's basement.
Gabor found bottles in the basement.
Gabor found himself back at Olivia's house.
Gabor found his family throwing a party.
Gabor found his mom there.
Gabor found his seat.
Gabor found out Martha was studying medicine.
Gabor found out that Olivia had told the cops about him.
Gabor found the beach empty.
Gabor found the chest and found a letter.
Gabor found the plant.
Gabor found the signs destroyed.
Gabor found the torch light and turn it on again.
Gabor found water on the island.
Gabor framed Martha's parents.
Gabor gathered a few supplies.
Gabor gathered food.
Gabor gave Martha compliments about her Shawi dress.
Gabor gave Martha his card with millions on it.
Gabor gave Martha his card.
Gabor gave Martha the address of his office.
Gabor gave Martha the money, too.
Gabor gave the money to an orphanage.
Gabor gave the toys to the orphans.
Gabor gave up his stupid ambition of wanting to be the king.
Gabor gently turned his face to Olivia, leaned in and kissed her.
Gabor gladly answered all of Olivia's questions.
Gabor glued all her shoes to the floor.
Gabor googled Martha's company.
Gabor got a call in the middle of the night.
Gabor got a job at a car wash.
Gabor got back to camp.
Gabor got fired from the car wash.
Gabor got good grades.
Gabor got his memory back.
Gabor got his money back.
Gabor got home from work at about five pm.
Gabor got in through the back door.
Gabor got up and angrily left the room.
Gabor got used to life on the island.
Gabor grabbed Martha and dragged her into the basement.
Gabor grabbed Olivia and didn't let go of her.
Gabor grabbed Olivia in a choking hug.
Gabor grabbed the glass and quickly left.
Gabor grabbed the glass shard.
Gabor grabbed the torch and threw it at the gasoline.
Gabor graduated in Berber.
Gabor grew flowers that he sold.
Gabor grew up with a super talented mom.
Gabor grew wheat on the island.
Gabor ground the corn into flour.
Gabor had Olivia wrapped around his finger so easily.
Gabor had a friend called Vladimir.
Gabor had a friend who lived a couple blocks from where he was.
Gabor had a lot of questions for Martha.
Gabor had a nasty scar on his forehead.
Gabor had a rainy-day fund.
Gabor had a tense look on his face.
Gabor had a whole plan to burglarize Olivia's mansion.
Gabor had an argument with Martha.
Gabor had complete freedom.
Gabor had five younger siblings.
Gabor had funny ears.
Gabor had many bad experiences with cops.
Gabor had many tricks up his sleeve.
Gabor had no support from his parents.
Gabor had other ideas.
Gabor had other things in mind.
Gabor had to get a job as a cleaner at a cafe.
Gabor had to go to the bathroom.
Gabor had to leave the table.
Gabor had to rush to practice.
Gabor had voice lessons.
Gabor handed Olivia a book.
Gabor handed the toys to the children.
Gabor has a beautiful voice.
Gabor has a crush on someone else.
Gabor has a good family.
Gabor has a job to take care of before he flies to Algiers.
Gabor has a phone at home.
Gabor has already signed a contract.
Gabor has always been like his dad: a smart genius.
Gabor has an errand to run.
Gabor has been hearing and seeing things that made him feel the mansion was haunted.
Gabor has been hiding this puppy for a long time.
Gabor has been living in the forest for years without a shower.
Gabor has been living under a rock.
Gabor has been offered a job.
Gabor has been searching for his son for several days.
Gabor has been to the island before.
Gabor has been training since he was a baby.
Gabor has finally found where the diamonds are.
Gabor has got a bone to pick with that girl.
Gabor has just moved into the mansion.
Gabor has major stage fright.
Gabor has never been to the beach at night.
Gabor has never seen such a beautiful mansion before.
Gabor has some plan to defeat Olivia.
Gabor has talent.
Gabor has to give chase.
Gabor has to help his parents.
Gabor has very little time left.
Gabor hasn't had that much fun in years.
Gabor hasn't listened to music in years.
Gabor hasn't returned to the ocean since.
Gabor hasn't seen Martha in years.
Gabor hated such a life and couldn't put up with it in any way.
Gabor hated the whole world.
Gabor headed back home.
Gabor heard Martha's footsteps step inside.
Gabor heard a boat approaching the island.
Gabor heard movement in the shrubs.
Gabor held Martha's hand gently.
Gabor helped the kids learn quickly.
Gabor hid the water on the beach.
Gabor hired the best tutors for Martha.
Gabor hit Martha in the head with a ball.
Gabor hit Martha with a snowball.
Gabor honked his horn.
Gabor hopped into Martha's car and sped away.
Gabor hopped onto the raft.
Gabor hopped out of the truck as soon as we arrived.
Gabor hosted a little party in the treehouse.
Gabor hung out in a new fashionable restaurant.
Gabor hurriedly took out his phone and took a few pictures.
Gabor hurt his foot.
Gabor immediately went to Algiers.
Gabor inspired creativity in the kids.
Gabor interacted positively with the kids.
Gabor invited Martha for a picnic.
Gabor invited Martha to the concert.
Gabor invited Olivia over for dinner.
Gabor invited us to his treehouse.
Gabor is Olivia's hero, her savior.
Gabor is a deer hunter.
Gabor is a native of the island.
Gabor is a real criminal.
Gabor is a really wonderful person and Martha should date him.
Gabor is a spoilt brat.
Gabor is also a victim.
Gabor is an absolute lunatic.
Gabor is dating a mermaid.
Gabor is familiar with the rich folklore of the island.
Gabor is from a rural area.
Gabor is going to become a doctor.
Gabor is going to pay for Martha's apartment for a year.
Gabor is in love with someone else.
Gabor is inviting Martha to his show.
Gabor is just here to help his dad.
Gabor is learning to be a kinder and better person.
Gabor is living in a haunted mansion.
Gabor is living like a king.
Gabor is new in town.
Gabor is not going to like that you're here.
Gabor is part of the Agency.
Gabor is ruining Martha's plan.
Gabor is studying to be a geologist.
Gabor is taking back his funding.
Gabor is telling Dad.
Gabor is the richest guy in town.
Gabor jacked the truck up and replaced the tire.
Gabor jokingly asked Martha if she needed a knife.
Gabor jumped in the truck.
Gabor jumped into the river.
Gabor jumped to the ground and kissed Olivia's hand.
Gabor just shrugged it off and told Olivia to quit playing such a stupid game.
Gabor kept his promise.
Gabor kept the kidnapped girl in the basement.
Gabor kept the room clean.
Gabor kicked a ball right at Martha's head.
Gabor killed animals for food.
Gabor kissed Olivia's head.
Gabor kissed his wife on the forehead.
Gabor knocked Martha into the pool.
Gabor knocked on the door to Vladimir's dorm.
Gabor knows nothing about life.
Gabor landed in cow poop.
Gabor laughed so hard that he even got coffee come out of his nose.
Gabor led Martha to his hut.
Gabor led the cops to the basement.
Gabor left Martha a generous breakfast.
Gabor left Martha a pizza.
Gabor left food for Martha outside the door.
Gabor left for God knows where.
Gabor left for his date early this morning.
Gabor left for work at five o'clock in the morning.
Gabor left his clothes under the sun to dry.
Gabor left out of the open window.
Gabor left the door open by accident.
Gabor left the house empty for so long.
Gabor left the island, too.
Gabor left the mansion without saying goodbye to Martha.
Gabor left the police station.
Gabor left the sandwiches in his truck.
Gabor left the table.
Gabor left with his father.
Gabor let Martha become a doctor.
Gabor let Martha have the ball.
Gabor liked his stepfather.
Gabor lived close to the mall where Martha worked.
Gabor lived in a huge mansion on the outskirts of town.
Gabor lived in a small house on the outskirts of the city.
Gabor lived on the island.
Gabor lived on the street.
Gabor lives on the island of Oahu.
Gabor lives on the last block of the city.
Gabor looked beautiful in the armor.
Gabor looked shocked, then laughed out loud.
Gabor lost Martha's custody.
Gabor lost a lawsuit.
Gabor lost his talent.
Gabor lost the ticket.
Gabor loves the sea.
Gabor made Martha standing there like she was some trophy.
Gabor made a big announcement.
Gabor made a new spear.
Gabor made a scarecrow.
Gabor made a spear with a jagged rock.
Gabor made a weapon with a jagged rock.
Gabor made himself a fire that evening.
Gabor made it to the beach.
Gabor made it to the bridge.
Gabor made it to the hall.
Gabor made learning fun for kids.
Gabor made some tools to catch fish.
Gabor made the children happy.
Gabor managed to find his spear.
Gabor managed to finish his project.
Gabor marched up to Martha and Vladimir to find out what was going on.
Gabor married Martha before he went to prison.
Gabor met Olivia again outside the school.
Gabor met Olivia in the courtyard.
Gabor met people his age that he had a lot in common with.
Gabor missed Martha's birthday party.
Gabor monitored the weather on the island.
Gabor moved further into the cave to avoid being seen.
Gabor moved to another dimension.
Gabor murdered his wife.
Gabor must have felt the same way.
Gabor must have had a hand in all those things.
Gabor needed the help of a psychologist.
Gabor needed to find a way out of there.
Gabor needed to get off the island.
Gabor needs his brother to support him with this.
Gabor needs to be careful with this sword.
Gabor needs to catch the bus at the right time of the day.
Gabor needs to escape from his jail cell first.
Gabor needs to find his place in this world.
Gabor needs to learn to deal with the consequences of his actions.
Gabor needs to stay away from the basement.
Gabor needs to upgrade his wardrobe.
Gabor never gave Olivia much attention.
Gabor never goes to the beach at night for reasons of safety.
Gabor never googled Martha's name.
Gabor never messed with his dad's computer.
Gabor never saw that van again.
Gabor no longer depended on his parents.
Gabor no longer wanted to hang out with Olivia.
Gabor nodded and jumped in the car.
Gabor nodded and walked away.
Gabor noticed Martha's disapproval.
Gabor noticed a light blinking on the other end of the island.
Gabor noticed some reef sharks in the area.
Gabor noticed someone's shadow behind him.
Gabor noticed the fire was out.
Gabor noticed the wound on Martha's arm.
Gabor noticed there was a girl in the water.
Gabor offered Olivia to live with him and split the rent.
Gabor only left his mother alive.
Gabor only pretended to like Olivia back.
Gabor opened up a new department store.
Gabor opened up his own department store.
Gabor owned a huge dog.
Gabor owned a monster dog.
Gabor owned a real company.
Gabor owned a very luxurious hotel on the island.
Gabor owned the most expensive boutique in town and its name spoke for itself: Luxury.
Gabor owns a huge factory.
Gabor paid Martha no attention.
Gabor paid bail.
Gabor paid for Martha's food.
Gabor paid the price for his behavior.
Gabor passed the blue van.
Gabor pays Martha no attention.
Gabor picked Martha's designs for his winter collection.
Gabor picked Olivia up and spun her around.
Gabor played games with the kids.
Gabor played on his dad's computer.
Gabor played the video game on his father's computer.
Gabor posts on social media all the time.
Gabor praised the kids' efforts.
Gabor presented his project to the class.
Gabor pretended to be an employee.
Gabor pretended to be looking at his phone.
Gabor processed Olivia's purchase.
Gabor promised to meet Martha at the beach later.
Gabor pulled down his pants.
Gabor pulled off his mask.
Gabor pulled over in front of Martha's house.
Gabor pulled the covers over his head.
Gabor pushed Martha to the ground.
Gabor pushed his raft into the water.
Gabor pushed the clock into his pocket.
Gabor pushed the raft away from the beach.
Gabor put a whoopy cushion on Martha's seat.
Gabor put on a little show for the kids.
Gabor put something in Olivia's glass.
Gabor quickly got up to comfort Olivia.
Gabor ran away with the boys.
Gabor ran back into the forest.
Gabor ran back to his camp.
Gabor ran out of air.
Gabor ran out of the patio door.
Gabor ran out of there as if his clothes were on fire.
Gabor ran out of there as if his pants were on fire.
Gabor ran to his home.
Gabor ran to the entry of his apartment.
Gabor reached out his hand and grabbed a part of Martha's hair.
Gabor reached the beach.
Gabor reached the spot.
Gabor readied to defend himself.
Gabor realized that he was stranded on a deserted island.
Gabor realized who was behind the threatening message.
Gabor remained quiet for the rest of his ride home.
Gabor remembers how terrified he felt in those times.
Gabor rented a simple room.
Gabor repaired the treehouse quickly.
Gabor reported his friend as missing the next day.
Gabor rested his head on Martha's leg.
Gabor retracted his testimony.
Gabor returned to the surface just in time.
Gabor revealed his demonic face.
Gabor rowed until the sun came up.
Gabor ruined all of Martha's work for her big presentation.
Gabor ruined everyone's fun.
Gabor rushed ashore.
Gabor rushed over to Martha.
Gabor rushed to the beach.
Gabor sabotaged Martha's thesis.
Gabor said "sausage."
Gabor said he had a solution.
Gabor said he had savings.
Gabor said he taught his koala to talk.
Gabor said that Martha gave up beauty for brains.
Gabor said that old woman never existed.
Gabor sailed away from that island forever.
Gabor sailed to the island.
Gabor sang for five hours before he took a break.
Gabor sat down on the bed.
Gabor sat down on the pavement and wept bitterly.
Gabor sat in front of the little old TV and watched movies.
Gabor sat in the van for a few minutes.
Gabor sat on the porch, outside.
Gabor saw Martha in the crowd.
Gabor saw Martha on the news.
Gabor saw Vladimir and his girlfriend being detained by the police.
Gabor saw a blue van in his driveway.
Gabor saw a human-sized beast on the beach.
Gabor saw a man approaching him.
Gabor saw a plane flying by.
Gabor saw arrows falling all around him.
Gabor saw someone in the hallway.
Gabor saw the message.
Gabor searched his backpack.
Gabor searched his pockets frantically.
Gabor sees terrible things at night.
Gabor sent some security guards to arrest the man.
Gabor sent us home.
Gabor shared pictures online.
Gabor shook Martha awake.
Gabor shook his old friend's hand and they made up.
Gabor should have gotten some information about Olivia.
Gabor shouldn't leave the island.
Gabor showed Martha around the island.
Gabor showed Martha the red paint on the wall.
Gabor showed Olivia around the mansion.
Gabor shut the patio door.
Gabor slept in the dorm.
Gabor slept next to a dangerous animal.
Gabor slept on a pile of dead leaves.
Gabor slipped on the dirty water and fell.
Gabor slowly floated his way to the island.
Gabor smashed his forehead with the palm of his head.
Gabor smelt like a wet dog.
Gabor snatched the toy out of Martha's hands and gave it back to Olivia.
Gabor sneered evilly.
Gabor sniffled. Had he been crying?
Gabor snuck behind the demon and killed him.
Gabor sold his cleaning product to a major company.
Gabor spattered all the clothes with paint.
Gabor sped right back to his house.
Gabor spent his time under the water.
Gabor spent more time at sea than he did with Olivia.
Gabor spent most of his time in front of a computer screen.
Gabor spent the rest of the evening cleaning the stains.
Gabor spent the whole day walking around the island.
Gabor spoke directly to his mother.
Gabor spoke in a booming voice.
Gabor spoke to the pilot through the radio.
Gabor sprinted to his tent.
Gabor stared at the pizza.
Gabor stared in shock.
Gabor started a fire to cook the fish.
Gabor started banging on the gate.
Gabor started growing corn on the island.
Gabor started his revenge project against Martha.
Gabor started sharing his passion for the sea with Olivia.
Gabor started to shake Martha and she opened her eyes.
Gabor started to stress out.
Gabor started walking on the beach.
Gabor started washing off the paint.
Gabor started writing about the island.
Gabor stayed close to the fire.
Gabor stayed in a haunted mansion.
Gabor stayed in his little cave.
Gabor stayed on the island for five days and five nights.
Gabor stepped onto the stage.
Gabor stepped out of the line.
Gabor stole Olivia's mansion.
Gabor stole his songs from Martha.
Gabor stood up and began to dance a little.
Gabor stood up and the room went silent.
Gabor stopped in his tracks when he saw Martha.
Gabor stored a ton of water.
Gabor stormed in with the police.
Gabor stormed out of Martha's house.
Gabor stormed out of his room in anger.
Gabor stretched out his arms to grab Olivia.
Gabor studied the birds of the island.
Gabor studied the island.
Gabor studied to be a doctor.
Gabor stumbled and Martha caught his arm.
Gabor suddenly came up to Olivia.
Gabor suddenly changed his mind.
Gabor suddenly heard some weird noises.
Gabor suddenly leaned in and kissed Martha.
Gabor suddenly took his knife out again.
Gabor suddenly turned around with a knife in hand.
Gabor suffered a minor injury.
Gabor survived for five months on the island.
Gabor survived the hurricane.
Gabor swam inside the capsized boat.
Gabor swam to the island.
Gabor swam to the yacht.
Gabor swam with the orphans.
Gabor talked to dolphins and fish.
Gabor taught Martha everything he knew about surviving on the island.
Gabor taught Olivia how to move properly in a mermaid costume.
Gabor taught the kids English yesterday.
Gabor tested the game.
Gabor thanked Martha for telling his story on her show.
Gabor thinks he knows where the diamonds are.
Gabor thought that his life would be better.
Gabor threw a tantrum about this, too.
Gabor threw things at Martha.
Gabor threw up because of sea sickness.
Gabor told Martha about his experience.
Gabor told Martha about the mansion.
Gabor told Martha about the outside world.
Gabor told Martha about the problem.
Gabor told his mom about the strange old women in the park.
Gabor told the coastguard the coordinartes of his island.
Gabor took Olivia back to the mansion.
Gabor took a boat to sail to the mainland to buy some groceries.
Gabor took a left.
Gabor took a pill.
Gabor took a step closer to the shrubs.
Gabor took all his armor.
Gabor took an illegal hiking path.
Gabor took his armor and sword.
Gabor took off the crown and threw it away.
Gabor took refuge in Algeria.
Gabor took some bread.
Gabor took the spear from Martha.
Gabor took us to a fancy restaurant.
Gabor tracked the ball and found it right in the hands of Martha.
Gabor traveled on a tight budget.
Gabor traveled to an island in Malaysia.
Gabor traveled to the island on a small plane.
Gabor tried his phone again.
Gabor tried to find some food.
Gabor tried to get his daughter to change.
Gabor tried to go to the basement last night.
Gabor tried to start a fire.
Gabor tried to start a new fire.
Gabor tripped over a bucket of dirty water.
Gabor turned his phone back on.
Gabor turned on the light.
Gabor turned out to be a competitor.
Gabor turned out to be a decent guy.
Gabor turned the basement into a game room.
Gabor used Olivia to steal her family's money.
Gabor used a machete to open up coconuts.
Gabor used a magnifying glass to start a fire.
Gabor used a sharpened horn of a deer as a weapon.
Gabor used his phone to look under his truck.
Gabor used to have a crush on Martha.
Gabor usually arrived for a beer at five o'clock.
Gabor visited a Cambodian island.
Gabor visited almost every room in the mansion.
Gabor visited his parents every day while they were at the police station.
Gabor waited for a boat.
Gabor waited in silence for a long time.
Gabor walked around the island.
Gabor walked around the mansion.
Gabor walked back to the shelter.
Gabor walked closer to the principal.
Gabor walked in the snow all the way home.
Gabor walked into a record store.
Gabor walked into the construction site.
Gabor walked into the part dressed in a clown outfit.
Gabor walked on stage.
Gabor walked over to Olivia's mansion.
Gabor walked through the dark parking lot to get to his truck.
Gabor wanted a ride home.
Gabor wanted to blow up the house.
Gabor wanted to die of embarrassment.
Gabor wanted to do some backpacking.
Gabor wanted to drink coconut milk.
Gabor wanted to fight a Spetznaz.
Gabor wanted to google Martha's name.
Gabor wanted to help Olivia with changing the tire.
Gabor wanted to leave the island.
Gabor wanted to live in harmony with nature.
Gabor wanted to make lots of friends at school.
Gabor wanted to see dolphins.
Gabor wanted to see his dad's ghost.
Gabor wanted to see the island.
Gabor wanted to see what that jerk wanted.
Gabor wanted to study medicine.
Gabor wants a vacation.
Gabor wants to build his magnificent castle here.
Gabor wants to spend the holidays with his family.
Gabor was Martha's clothing designer.
Gabor was Martha's fashion icon.
Gabor was Mom's husband.
Gabor was a naive sucker.
Gabor was about a foot away from Martha.
Gabor was accompanied by a massive Rottweiler.
Gabor was addicted to social networks.
Gabor was all wrapped up in branded clothes.
Gabor was alone on an unknown island.
Gabor was also a geek.
Gabor was another fashion student.
Gabor was ashamed of his own daughter.
Gabor was at the mall with Martha.
Gabor was bribed by the corporation.
Gabor was burning with anger and jealously.
Gabor was caught hiking there and find DZD5000.
Gabor was chatting with the cashier.
Gabor was covered in moss and dirt.
Gabor was covering his face with his hands.
Gabor was dancing on his bed with joy.
Gabor was dating a Thai ladyboy.
Gabor was doing his interview.
Gabor was dragged away by a monster.
Gabor was dragged to the beach.
Gabor was drinking with a killer.
Gabor was earning his living legally.
Gabor was eating a tomato.
Gabor was especially interested in the mansion.
Gabor was expecting to find Martha in the closet.
Gabor was floating in the water.
Gabor was forced into crime by his brother.
Gabor was found dead on a desert island.
Gabor was getting some odd signals from Martha, too.
Gabor was given some medical attention.
Gabor was giving Martha a lot of attention.
Gabor was going to uni.
Gabor was happy back in Algeria.
Gabor was having a bad time.
Gabor was having fun on the island.
Gabor was having trouble breathing and he passed out.
Gabor was heading for the gate.
Gabor was helping his mother to carry bags.
Gabor was holding Olivia's hand.
Gabor was immediately overwhelmed with uncontrollable anger.
Gabor was in absolute awe.
Gabor was in complete darkness.
Gabor was in his room reading a book.
Gabor was in his van, having a good time.
Gabor was in water.
Gabor was inside the cabin, unpacking.
Gabor was leaving the island.
Gabor was living in a tent on the island with his Rottweiler.
Gabor was loading bags into the truck.
Gabor was looking at the soda bottles.
Gabor was looking for an exit.
Gabor was lost in the city.
Gabor was lying at the water's edge.
Gabor was making fun of Martha for being Scottish.
Gabor was messed up and his face was full of cuts and gashes.
Gabor was moving the entire family out of time.
Gabor was nibbling on some doritos.
Gabor was not an ordinary guy.
Gabor was on a boat to the island.
Gabor was one of the few English guys at the resorts.
Gabor was only playing with the ball.
Gabor was out of sight.
Gabor was part of the drama.
Gabor was playing with the local kids.
Gabor was powerfully built.
Gabor was really impressed with Martha's talents.
Gabor was shaking his fist.
Gabor was sharing an apartment with Olivia.
Gabor was sitting in the back of the police car.
Gabor was sitting on the beach all alone.
Gabor was sitting on the steps.
Gabor was smoking weed in his van.
Gabor was so in love with that idea.
Gabor was so jealous of Olivia.
Gabor was so pissed off with Vladimir's insults that he punched him in the face.
Gabor was standing across the street, just smiling at Martha and giggle.
Gabor was staring at the jungle canopy.
Gabor was stranded on a deserted island.
Gabor was stuck in that place.
Gabor was stuck on a deserted island.
Gabor was studying in the library.
Gabor was sure Martha and Vladimir would get close and fall in love with each other.
Gabor was surrounded by a group of criminals.
Gabor was surrounded by wild animals.
Gabor was swimming with a dolphin.
Gabor was taken to an uninhabited island.
Gabor was taking over the castle.
Gabor was teasing Martha all the time.
Gabor was terrible at everything.
Gabor was the cutest guy I've ever seen.
Gabor was throwing garbage on the ground.
Gabor was trying to scare people away.
Gabor was typing furiously on his phone.
Gabor was waiting for Olivia in the main hall.
Gabor was waiting for Olivia in the parking lot.
Gabor was waiting outside the store, in front of a limo.
Gabor was walking his way down the block.
Gabor was watching all that through his camera.
Gabor was watching the tree.
Gabor was wearing a blue sweatshirt.
Gabor was window shopping at the mall.
Gabor was yelling Martha's name.
Gabor washed ashore on a deserted island.
Gabor washed dishes at the restaurant.
Gabor wasn't a nice person after all.
Gabor wasn't able to hold up tears.
Gabor wasn't alone on that island.
Gabor wasn't the only occupant of that house.
Gabor watched the dirty woman.
Gabor went all over Algeria.
Gabor went back to his town.
Gabor went deeper in the woods to taka a dump.
Gabor went down onto his knees and bowed to the king.
Gabor went down to the dungeon.
Gabor went downstairs and opened the door for the policemen.
Gabor went into the scary room.
Gabor went looking for trash.
Gabor went mountain-climbing in Algeria.
Gabor went out for coffee with Olivia.
Gabor went out to clear his head.
Gabor went outside by the pool.
Gabor went to a bar at the resort.
Gabor went to an open-air concert.
Gabor went to feed his monkey.
Gabor went to his room to answer the call.
Gabor went to his room, tears streaming down his tears.
Gabor went to live in a motel with Olivia.
Gabor went to search for the food.
Gabor went to sit at the table with Martha.
Gabor went to the most expensive boutique in town.
Gabor went to the zoo with Martha and her friends.
Gabor went to wash his hands in the river.
Gabor will love it on the island.
Gabor will pay for the tickets.
Gabor will send a new boat soon.
Gabor will show Martha to her room.
Gabor witnessed Olivia and Vladimir's fight.
Gabor woke to splashing and a missing oar.
Gabor woke to the rustling of plants.
Gabor woke up and went downstairs.
Gabor woke up in an empty apartment.
Gabor woke up when he heard the horses outside the castle.
Gabor won't accept change.
Gabor wondered what the van was doing there.
Gabor wondered why Martha would be interested in a guy like Vladimir.
Gabor worked as a pathetic cleaner.
Gabor worked at the local mill.
Gabor worked for a digital marketing company.
Gabor worked from coffee shops.
Gabor worked hard to do the right thing.
Gabor worked in the store during the holidays.
Gabor worked on the island in 2004.
Gabor works at the national museum.
Gabor worried about the child.
Gabor would not be allowed into a camp.
Gabor wrote a message on the send.
Gabor wrote a new message on the sand.
Gabor wrote the word "SOS" on the sand.
Gabor's Rottweiler killed multiple dogs in the area.
Gabor's Rottweiler was a monster.
Gabor's Rottweiler was huge.
Gabor's Rottweiler was massively muscular.
Gabor's Rottweiler was nicknamed the "Arr," a Berber word meaning "lion."
Gabor's boat capsized during the storm.
Gabor's companions grew anxious.
Gabor's company only cared about profit.
Gabor's dad has always been nice to Martha.
Gabor's dad left when he was a baby.
Gabor's debt could only paid off by selling the property he owned.
Gabor's department store is opening up today.
Gabor's ears were ringing.
Gabor's family was one of the richest in town.
Gabor's father is rich.
Gabor's feelings for Olivia were still strong.
Gabor's first week on the island was normal.
Gabor's flashlight was on.
Gabor's foot bled in the water.
Gabor's girlfriend broke up with him.
Gabor's heart dropped like a stone.
Gabor's heart was already broken.
Gabor's heart was breaking with pain and pity for Martha.
Gabor's hopes faded.
Gabor's hotel room was pretty messed up.
Gabor's house burnt down.
Gabor's house has an open-entrance courtyard.
Gabor's income is illegal.
Gabor's jaw fell open and started gasping like a fish.
Gabor's kiss felt magical.
Gabor's legs buckled.
Gabor's life was amazing.
Gabor's limo drove by slowly.
Gabor's mansion is close-by.
Gabor's mom decided to home-school him.
Gabor's mother got suspicious.
Gabor's murder appeared all over the news.
Gabor's parents lied to him.
Gabor's parents looked worried when he came back home.
Gabor's parents won't take him back.
Gabor's phone battery died.
Gabor's phone rang.
Gabor's restaurant is now closed.
Gabor's room was full of presents.
Gabor's stories were very funny.
Gabor's truck must be expensive.
Gabor's truck started to smell strongly like gas.
Gabor's voice brought Olivia back to reality.
Gabor's whole life was going to change.
Gabor's words filled Martha with dread.
Gabor's words hurt Olivia a lot.
Gabor? What a mama's boy!
Gaborone is the capital of Botswana.
Gabriel Garko is as beautiful as Raul Bova.
Gabriel Iglesias is a really really great comedian. He truly falls into the fluffy category.
Gabriel admired the tall trees that lined the lake's edge.
Gabriel agreed to fly to Algeria on Christmas eve.
Gabriel agreed to support Rima’s plan.
Gabriel aimed his weapon at Rima.
Gabriel aimed the gun at Rima.
Gabriel allowed himself to be possessed by a demon named Walid.
Gabriel allowed the alien to enter.
Gabriel almost killed Rima.
Gabriel already knows about Rima’s case.
Gabriel also blew a whistle.
Gabriel always comes back.
Gabriel always hated going camping.
Gabriel and Melissa had a staring contest.
Gabriel and Melissa started chatting.
Gabriel and Rima arrived, disguised in fancy costumes.
Gabriel and Rima asked the same question at the same time.
Gabriel and Rima embraced.
Gabriel and Rima had a romantic affair.
Gabriel and Rima have been doing that together for a very long time.
Gabriel and Rima often quarrelled.
Gabriel and Rima reunited.
Gabriel and Rima shared their dream of an independent Algeria.
Gabriel and Rima started making out.
Gabriel and Rima were dancing elegantly.
Gabriel and Rima will be together.
Gabriel and Walid discussed their strategy.
Gabriel and Walid had an intense faceoff.
Gabriel and his German Shepherd played fetch by the lake.
Gabriel and his crew members huddled together in the freezing darkness.
Gabriel and his friends organized a bonfire near the lake.
Gabriel and his friends organized a clean-up campaign to preserve the lake's beauty.
Gabriel and his friends went boating on the lake.
Gabriel and his men attacked the palace.
Gabriel and his men blocked all the entrances.
Gabriel and his men started battling against Walid’s soldiers.
Gabriel and his siblings built sandcastles together by the lake.
Gabriel and the crew met on the bridge.
Gabriel apologized to Rima, too.
Gabriel appeared right in front of Rima’s car.
Gabriel appeared to Rima.
Gabriel approached Rima and consoled her.
Gabriel arranged a lavish dinner for Rima.
Gabriel arrived at about five in the morning.
Gabriel arrived at the address.
Gabriel arrived at the festival.
Gabriel arrived to safety.
Gabriel arrived, dejected.
Gabriel asked Melissa if anybody lived in that house.
Gabriel asked Melissa to repeat herself.
Gabriel asked Rima to check the mailbox.
Gabriel asked Rima to comply.
Gabriel asked Rima to prom.
Gabriel asked Rima to stop using that term.
Gabriel asked Rima who she really was.
Gabriel asked Rima whose dress she was wearing.
Gabriel asked Walid about his intentions with Rima.
Gabriel asked his audience to tune in again the next day.
Gabriel asked his cousin if he could swim.
Gabriel asked the robot about its bodily components.
Gabriel assured Rima that all he wanted was her happiness.
Gabriel ate a quick meal.
Gabriel ate leaves to survive.
Gabriel attempted to kiss Rima.
Gabriel attempted to run away.
Gabriel attended Rima’s funeral.
Gabriel avoided flying with that company.
Gabriel banged on the wall and Melissa hammered back.
Gabriel became a camp counselor.
Gabriel became a hero in World War Two.
Gabriel became devastated.
Gabriel became enraged.
Gabriel became friends with Hollywood stars.
Gabriel began shooting.
Gabriel began to drift back to sleep.
Gabriel began to make his way up the stairs.
Gabriel begged the king to pardon Rima.
Gabriel blew his grandmother kisses from the boat.
Gabriel blew the whistle.
Gabriel boarded the bus and left.
Gabriel braced himself for the worst.
Gabriel breathed a sigh of relief.
Gabriel breathed gas on Rima to make her sleep.
Gabriel broke the rules.
Gabriel brought a kettle of hot water.
Gabriel brought a pink dress and sandals for Rima.
Gabriel brought the hammer.
Gabriel brushed off Rima’s invitation.
Gabriel built a sandcastle by the lake.
Gabriel called Rima a traitor.
Gabriel called for help.
Gabriel called the boss.
Gabriel calmed Rima down.
Gabriel came closer.
Gabriel came home from college.
Gabriel came to help Rima.
Gabriel came to pick Rima up.
Gabriel came to take Rima.
Gabriel came to take over the watch.
Gabriel came to visit his father for Yennayer.
Gabriel came up after a long dive.
Gabriel camped in an area that was fairly secluded.
Gabriel can do whatever he pleases since he’s the king.
Gabriel can predict the future.
Gabriel can't rest long.
Gabriel cancelled the ride.
Gabriel can’t scream.
Gabriel carefully escaped the place.
Gabriel carefully walked over to the door.
Gabriel carved a heart with a fork on the table.
Gabriel cast a magic spell on Rima.
Gabriel cast a spell on Rima.
Gabriel cast his fishing line into the lake.
Gabriel castigated Rima for doing that.
Gabriel caught Rima.
Gabriel caught Rima’s arm and pulled her.
Gabriel caused Rima to faint.
Gabriel cautiously looked around.
Gabriel changed the coordinates.
Gabriel checked Melissa's backpack.
Gabriel checked the navigation system.
Gabriel checked the ship’s computer equipment.
Gabriel chose to abandon Rima and lived to regret it.
Gabriel climbed onto the ship.
Gabriel climbed up a tree.
Gabriel closed his eyes.
Gabriel collects firearms.
Gabriel completed the course.
Gabriel conducted an investigation.
Gabriel continued his journey to the Algerian embassy.
Gabriel cooked his fish.
Gabriel could hear what sounded like footsteps.
Gabriel couldn't get to his room.
Gabriel couldn't make out much of what was being said in Berber.
Gabriel couldn't see the garage.
Gabriel created a new company.
Gabriel cut the rope with the help of a razor blade.
Gabriel cut through the woods.
Gabriel decided to continue his escape.
Gabriel decided to fish until dark.
Gabriel decided to go on a camping trip.
Gabriel decided to just call it a night.
Gabriel decided to look inside.
Gabriel decided to order a pizza.
Gabriel decided to try his luck.
Gabriel decorated the house.
Gabriel delivered pizzas really late at night.
Gabriel desperately tried to bring his son back.
Gabriel destroyed the bus.
Gabriel destroyed the radio equipment.
Gabriel developed a rage for vengeance.
Gabriel did not make it.
Gabriel did not see the truck.
Gabriel did so successfully.
Gabriel didn't care too much.
Gabriel didn't get a response.
Gabriel didn't go to the funerals of his colleagues.
Gabriel didn't have any binoculars.
Gabriel didn't have much time to do that.
Gabriel didn't hear any noises.
Gabriel didn't know much about evacuations.
Gabriel didn't know what could be done.
Gabriel didn't need to take sleeping pills during his camping trips.
Gabriel didn't reply to Melissa.
Gabriel didn't see the truck.
Gabriel didn't spot any vehicle in the forest.
Gabriel didn't want to quit.
Gabriel didn’t budge.
Gabriel didn’t disclose the reason.
Gabriel didn’t have the chance to say goodbye to Rima.
Gabriel didn’t hear anything.
Gabriel didn’t hesitate to shoot.
Gabriel didn’t report the incident.
Gabriel didn’t say a word to Rima.
Gabriel didn’t see them.
Gabriel died from prolonged exposure to the sun.
Gabriel died in a matter of minutes.
Gabriel died in a submarine accident.
Gabriel died on the way.
Gabriel directed Rima to the exit door.
Gabriel disappeared ahead of us.
Gabriel disappeared as well.
Gabriel discovered the place four years ago.
Gabriel distracted Rima.
Gabriel disturbed Rima.
Gabriel dived into the refreshing waters of the lake.
Gabriel divorced Melissa after having five kids with her.
Gabriel doesn’t believe Rima.
Gabriel doesn’t care about such stuff.
Gabriel doesn’t have a license.
Gabriel doesn’t trust them.
Gabriel doused Melissa's entire body with gasoline.
Gabriel dragged Melissa towards the Humvee.
Gabriel drank all the wine.
Gabriel drifted away from the spaceship.
Gabriel drifted on a raft.
Gabriel drinks more whisky than it's humanly possible.
Gabriel drove a convertible around campus.
Gabriel drove a truck that didn't have license plates on.
Gabriel drove for Uber.
Gabriel drove to that address.
Gabriel emerged from the woods.
Gabriel enjoyed swimming in the clear lake.
Gabriel enjoyed the cool breeze coming off the lake.
Gabriel enjoyed the fight.
Gabriel enjoyed the meal.
Gabriel enjoyed watching the colorful sailboats gliding on the lake.
Gabriel entered from behind Rima.
Gabriel entered his room and locked the door.
Gabriel entered the bedroom.
Gabriel entered the simulation.
Gabriel enthusiastically waved goodbye to his family.
Gabriel eventually succumbed to exhaustion.
Gabriel eventually walked in.
Gabriel excelled at college.
Gabriel expanded the hole with a fork.
Gabriel experienced hair loss by the time he was twenty-four.
Gabriel expressed his admiration for Rima.
Gabriel faced Rima.
Gabriel fed his sheep well.
Gabriel fell from above.
Gabriel fell from the sky.
Gabriel fell out of view.
Gabriel fell over.
Gabriel fell to the ground.
Gabriel felt a presence behind him.
Gabriel felt betrayed and hurt.
Gabriel felt brave until the moment he saw Rima.
Gabriel felt guilty over Rima’s death.
Gabriel felt nothing.
Gabriel felt remorse.
Gabriel figured out what to do.
Gabriel finally agreed.
Gabriel finally came to.
Gabriel finally got a signal on his phone and called his mom.
Gabriel finally revealed the truth to Rima.
Gabriel finally told Rima about Skura.
Gabriel finally understood the severity of the situation.
Gabriel financed that movie.
Gabriel finished the job, killing Rima.
Gabriel finished the mission.
Gabriel flagged the police car down for help.
Gabriel fled the scene.
Gabriel flew towards Rima.
Gabriel flipped on his flashlight.
Gabriel followed Melissa into the apartment.
Gabriel followed the doctor's orders.
Gabriel forced Melissa out of the company.
Gabriel forced Rima to eat the chicken.
Gabriel forced Rima to find another way.
Gabriel forced Rima to flee alone.
Gabriel forced himself to pee.
Gabriel forgave Rima for being with Walid.
Gabriel fought Rima off.
Gabriel fought a dragon.
Gabriel fought several guards guarding the prison.
Gabriel found Melissa's sweater tied around a tree.
Gabriel found Rima in the room where he left her.
Gabriel found Rima’s bag and called for her but there was no answer.
Gabriel found a bag of candy in the woods.
Gabriel found a cigarette on the table.
Gabriel found a corpse on the road.
Gabriel found a shelter in the forest.
Gabriel found a sorceress named Rima.
Gabriel found a way to defeat the witch.
Gabriel found an abandoned cabin on that path.
Gabriel found an abandoned police car.
Gabriel found an easy solution to the problem.
Gabriel found an unzipped tent in the clearing.
Gabriel found baby bottles in the kitchen.
Gabriel found clothes.
Gabriel found his legendary weapon.
Gabriel found his sister.
Gabriel found lots of rubbish inside.
Gabriel found some photos of vegetables.
Gabriel found that weird.
Gabriel found the idea ridiculous.
Gabriel found the iron mask.
Gabriel found the rest of them.
Gabriel frantically unzipped his tent and called for help.
Gabriel frantically waved his arms to catch the attention of the lifeguard.
Gabriel free fell to the ground.
Gabriel frequently visits Algeria.
Gabriel froze in fear.
Gabriel froze to death with his arms around the baby.
Gabriel gained the crowd’s trust.
Gabriel gasped, too.
Gabriel gave Melissa fifty dinars to test the vending machine.
Gabriel gave Rima a gift.
Gabriel gave Rima some advice.
Gabriel got Rima out.
Gabriel got a campfire going.
Gabriel got a lot of money in tips.
Gabriel got a signal.
Gabriel got a snack from the vending machine.
Gabriel got back to the bus.
Gabriel got closer and closer to the truck.
Gabriel got disintegrated in front of Rima.
Gabriel got down on his knees.
Gabriel got drunk.
Gabriel got inside Rima’s apartment but failed to lock the door.
Gabriel got inside that truck.
Gabriel got inside the car.
Gabriel got kicked out of the program entirely.
Gabriel got out of his sleeping bag.
Gabriel got out of the basement.
Gabriel got out of the icy water just in time.
Gabriel got out of the tent and headed towards the designated pee zone.
Gabriel got overjoyed.
Gabriel got punished for his crimes.
Gabriel got shredded by the alien.
Gabriel got the letter that Rima had sent him.
Gabriel got the pizza.
Gabriel got to Melissa's neighborhood.
Gabriel got to deck B.
Gabriel got up to go to the bathroom.
Gabriel grabbed Rima from behind.
Gabriel had a head-first impact and died on the spot.
Gabriel had a job to do.
Gabriel had a large gash on his arm.
Gabriel had a mask over his face.
Gabriel had a piece of cork in his ear.
Gabriel had a synthetic body.
Gabriel had an accident, too.
Gabriel had empty black eyes.
Gabriel had enough time to get out of the way.
Gabriel had no idea how long that man has been walking behind him.
Gabriel had that strange feeling throughout the day.
Gabriel had to deliver pizzas.
Gabriel had to go to the bathroom.
Gabriel had to quit his job at the hotel.
Gabriel had trouble arguing his case.
Gabriel had work during the coming weekend.
Gabriel has a career in Algeria's military.
Gabriel has an artificial eye.
Gabriel has an hour to finish the test.
Gabriel has arranged a ten-minute window for Rima to escape.
Gabriel has arrived.
Gabriel has become a reverend.
Gabriel has been alone for a long time.
Gabriel has been checking the ship periodically.
Gabriel has been doing this since his childhood.
Gabriel has been drafted for war against the Germans.
Gabriel has been living there.
Gabriel has been lying to Rima.
Gabriel has been watching Rima.
Gabriel has disappeared.
Gabriel has done the same thing before.
Gabriel has gone missing.
Gabriel has just gone to use the bathroom.
Gabriel has lived for centuries.
Gabriel has never killed anyone who didn’t try to kill him first.
Gabriel has no choice but to trust Rima.
Gabriel has read about the situation.
Gabriel has returned.
Gabriel hates feeling like a prisoner.
Gabriel headed to the palace to save Rima.
Gabriel headed towards his house.
Gabriel heard a banging noise.
Gabriel heard a kind of explosion.
Gabriel heard a man's voice from inside the house.
Gabriel heard a noise coming from the backyard.
Gabriel heard a noise outside.
Gabriel heard a scream from the other room.
Gabriel heard a whistling sound.
Gabriel heard an anchor dropping.
Gabriel heard bangs on the windows.
Gabriel heard his chickens clucking.
Gabriel heard music from the radio.
Gabriel heard strange voices.
Gabriel heard the call of a vulture.
Gabriel heard the doorbell ring again.
Gabriel heard the doorbell ring.
Gabriel heard the knob start to turn.
Gabriel heard the noise.
Gabriel heard the warning loud and clear.
Gabriel held Rima at gun point.
Gabriel helped Rima carry the box back to the garage.
Gabriel helped Rima down the fire escape.
Gabriel helped the woman with directions.
Gabriel hesitated, too.
Gabriel hid behind the police car.
Gabriel hid in the bushes.
Gabriel hid under the car until the alien passed him.
Gabriel hit Rima with a piece of wood.
Gabriel hit the boy inside his backpack.
Gabriel hosted a radio program.
Gabriel hugged both Rima and Walid.
Gabriel hugged both of them.
Gabriel hurt his hand with a razor blade.
Gabriel immediately jumped from the top of the cliff.
Gabriel immediately rolled away from the fire.
Gabriel insisted Melissa slow down.
Gabriel inspected the city on his horse.
Gabriel instructed his crew to take a different direction.
Gabriel interrupted Rima and Walid.
Gabriel introduced himself to Rima.
Gabriel invested in Melissa's company.
Gabriel investigated the incident on the ship.
Gabriel invited Melissa to spend some time in Algeria.
Gabriel is Rima’s Algerian business partner.
Gabriel is Rima’s friend.
Gabriel is Rima’s new royal advisor.
Gabriel is a brilliant scientist.
Gabriel is a real prince.
Gabriel is a renowned geneticist.
Gabriel is a volunteer.
Gabriel is already flying to Mars.
Gabriel is also a policeman.
Gabriel is an Algerian cab driver.
Gabriel is an Algerian software designer.
Gabriel is certainly a credible witness.
Gabriel is collecting data.
Gabriel is collecting samples.
Gabriel is experienced.
Gabriel is from the Algerian navy.
Gabriel is going with his friend, Walid.
Gabriel is in space.
Gabriel is in the countryside.
Gabriel is losing money.
Gabriel is near.
Gabriel is not going to Station 40.
Gabriel is now hiding in the bushes.
Gabriel is on a short fuse with Melissa.
Gabriel is on a trip to Proxima.
Gabriel is on his way to the worksite.
Gabriel is onboard as well.
Gabriel is only one of the angels of God.
Gabriel is sensitive.
Gabriel is the archangel who brought down the Quran to Muhammad, peace be upon him.
Gabriel jumped behind Rima and stabbed her to death.
Gabriel just got his license that day.
Gabriel just sat there and did nothing.
Gabriel just wanted to get away from humans for a while.
Gabriel kept an eye out for signs of danger.
Gabriel kept his head above water.
Gabriel kept killing more people.
Gabriel kept moving.
Gabriel kept referring to Rima as honey.
Gabriel kept up with everyone.
Gabriel kept walking at the same slow pace.
Gabriel kicked open the back door.
Gabriel kicked the gun away from Rima.
Gabriel killed Rima as well.
Gabriel killed Rima by smothering her with a pillow.
Gabriel killed a dragon.
Gabriel killed a pedestrian.
Gabriel killed the aliens.
Gabriel killed the dog with the hammer.
Gabriel knew Rima was going to Mars.
Gabriel knew the area pretty well.
Gabriel knocked Rima unconscious.
Gabriel knocked on the door and waited.
Gabriel knows something about Rima.
Gabriel knows the truth about Melissa.
Gabriel leaned against the side of the window.
Gabriel leant in for a kiss that Rima welcomed.
Gabriel led the charge.
Gabriel left Rima behind to continue her search for her father.
Gabriel left right away.
Gabriel left some camping supplies outside.
Gabriel left the area before the rescuers could reach him.
Gabriel left the following day.
Gabriel left the ship.
Gabriel let go of Rima's hand and got in the boat.
Gabriel licked his fingers.
Gabriel listened to the chaos happening outside.
Gabriel lit a Molotov cocktail and threw it towards Rima’s car.
Gabriel lived an extraordinary life of partying and luxury.
Gabriel lived in a standard residential street.
Gabriel lived on a desert planet.
Gabriel looked around in the basement.
Gabriel looked down at his empty pan.
Gabriel looked in Melissa's direction.
Gabriel looked inside the house.
Gabriel looked into the distance.
Gabriel looked into the eyes of the elephant.
Gabriel looked out the back window.
Gabriel loosened the rope.
Gabriel lost fifty pounds.
Gabriel loved the scent of the wildflowers that grew near the lake.
Gabriel loved to listen to the sounds of nature near the lake.
Gabriel loves Melissa's French fries.
Gabriel made Rima even angrier.
Gabriel made Rima immortal.
Gabriel made a fatal mistake.
Gabriel made a full recovery.
Gabriel made his announcement.
Gabriel made his way back to his tent.
Gabriel made his way into a lifeboat.
Gabriel made his way through the dense marshy area.
Gabriel made his way to the bank of a large river.
Gabriel made his way to the port where Rima’s boat awaited.
Gabriel made his way up the winding path.
Gabriel made it out in four minutes.
Gabriel made it up the hill.
Gabriel made sure the address was correct.
Gabriel managed to catch up with the rest of the group.
Gabriel managed to eliminate the guard.
Gabriel managed to find a few edible roots in the forest.
Gabriel managed to find an air pocket.
Gabriel managed to run away.
Gabriel managed to write the number on his hand.
Gabriel manipulated Rima with his magic.
Gabriel marveled at the colorful sunset over the lake.
Gabriel may have lost his sanity.
Gabriel mentioned that Rima was alive.
Gabriel merely shook his head.
Gabriel met a young woman named Rima.
Gabriel might not trust Rima.
Gabriel misbehaved with Rima.
Gabriel mopped the floors.
Gabriel moved to Mars.
Gabriel moved to the back of the house.
Gabriel munched on a few edible roots in the forest.
Gabriel must find the sword.
Gabriel must get going before the cops arrive.
Gabriel must investigate the incident.
Gabriel must take Rima with him.
Gabriel needs to get back to Algeria.
Gabriel needs to learn that.
Gabriel nervously left the room.
Gabriel observed Rima with much awe.
Gabriel observed a variety of wildlife around the lake.
Gabriel obstructed Rima’s view.
Gabriel offered Rima to join him, but she refused.
Gabriel offered the same service.
Gabriel only cares about women.
Gabriel opened a window.
Gabriel opened the closet.
Gabriel opened the door and walked inside.
Gabriel opened the trap door and found Rima there.
Gabriel orchestrated Rima’s death.
Gabriel ordered a glass of beer.
Gabriel ordered a pizza to the park.
Gabriel ordered a ride.
Gabriel ordered another forty kilos of potatoes.
Gabriel ordered his guards to kill Rima.
Gabriel ordered his soldiers to distribute food to the crowd.
Gabriel ordered the crew members to get into the lifeboat.
Gabriel organized a picnic by the lake with his friends.
Gabriel overcooked the meal.
Gabriel paid Melissa more money.
Gabriel paid Melissa more.
Gabriel paid attention during the briefing.
Gabriel paid for the food in cash.
Gabriel partially fractured his shin.
Gabriel passed on the message to the captain.
Gabriel peed in the bottle.
Gabriel peeled back the curtain to look.
Gabriel perished due to his injuries.
Gabriel picked up the receiver.
Gabriel pitched his tent slightly away from the others.
Gabriel planned to make some food at home.
Gabriel pled for mercy.
Gabriel poured the hot water on Rima’s forehead.
Gabriel practiced day and night.
Gabriel prayed and called on God to rescue him.
Gabriel prefers the calamansi juice.
Gabriel prepared to enter the house.
Gabriel pretended he wasn’t Rima’s boyfriend.
Gabriel promised Rima to help her find Walid.
Gabriel proposed to his girlfriend.
Gabriel protected himself from sun exposure.
Gabriel protected himself from the sun.
Gabriel pulled Rima back.
Gabriel punched into the soft rotting wood.
Gabriel pursued Rima.
Gabriel pushed on into the thick jungle.
Gabriel pushed the company into new markets.
Gabriel pushed the door.
Gabriel put his arms around Melissa.
Gabriel put his phone down and listened intently for a minute or two.
Gabriel put on black leather gloves.
Gabriel put on protective clothing.
Gabriel put that out of his mind.
Gabriel put the mask on Rima.
Gabriel quickly replaced the charger with his left hand.
Gabriel quickly subdued Rima.
Gabriel quickly texted Rima.
Gabriel quit his job.
Gabriel radioed the police.
Gabriel ran behind a thick log.
Gabriel ran into a strange guy in the woods.
Gabriel ran into the living room.
Gabriel reached for a gun and shot Rima in the head.
Gabriel reached the cliff.
Gabriel reached the ship in time.
Gabriel reached the submarine.
Gabriel read the poem in the newspaper.
Gabriel realized that he was still in the room.
Gabriel realized the guy who went to the tent with Melissa wasn't Walid.
Gabriel received a deluge of messages from his students.
Gabriel received a message in Berber.
Gabriel received a message on his phone.
Gabriel received a strange call from Rima.
Gabriel received the message.
Gabriel refused to go with Rima.
Gabriel reloaded his gun.
Gabriel rescued Rima.
Gabriel restarted the course from scratch.
Gabriel retired to his cabin.
Gabriel returned to the capital.
Gabriel reunited with his team.
Gabriel revealed his secret mission.
Gabriel revealed to Rima that he was an impostor.
Gabriel reversed his truck.
Gabriel reversed the engines of the ship.
Gabriel robbed an entire country.
Gabriel rolled down the windows.
Gabriel rounded up his sheep quickly and easily.
Gabriel said goodbye to his family.
Gabriel said he saw Rima’s doppelganger.
Gabriel said that if him and Walid cross paths again, he wouldn’t hesitate to kill him.
Gabriel said the ghost seemed to be real.
Gabriel sat down at a pub.
Gabriel sat in the corner by himself.
Gabriel sat on a bench, reading a book by the lake.
Gabriel sat on a rock, gazing at the lake's tranquil waters.
Gabriel saved many children.
Gabriel saved some candy for later.
Gabriel saved the company.
Gabriel saw Melissa approaching.
Gabriel saw Rima and Walid kissing and got jealous.
Gabriel saw Rima disappear into the strange object.
Gabriel saw Rima fall.
Gabriel saw a police car parked on the side of the road.
Gabriel saw his sister’s house.
Gabriel saw lights turn on from a car parked across the street.
Gabriel saw nothing but tall thick trees and branches.
Gabriel saw one or two cars on the way back.
Gabriel saw something through the door.
Gabriel saw that earlier.
Gabriel saw the aliens heading to the building and ran.
Gabriel saw the bus’s windshield wipers move.
Gabriel saw the headlights of a car turn on.
Gabriel saw the news report.
Gabriel saw the warning signs.
Gabriel says Rima is a friend.
Gabriel screamed but he couldn’t be heard.
Gabriel screamed for his father.
Gabriel seemed in a very bad condition.
Gabriel sensed an opportunity.
Gabriel sent Rima a video message from Mars.
Gabriel sent a message to Earth.
Gabriel sent all the information to Rima.
Gabriel set back on his trail.
Gabriel set up a new business.
Gabriel set up an illegal business.
Gabriel set up camp deeper into the woods.
Gabriel set up his tent near the lake.
Gabriel severed the telephone line.
Gabriel shot and obliterated Rima’s left arm.
Gabriel shot at Rima but she escaped.
Gabriel shot at the alien, damaging its shield.
Gabriel shot the second guard.
Gabriel shouted through the microphone: "Rima is alive!"
Gabriel showed Rima a picture of a boy named Walid.
Gabriel showed Rima a video about a terrorist organization.
Gabriel showed Rima his homemade microwave oven.
Gabriel showed Rima’s belongings to the police.
Gabriel showed exemplary fighting skills.
Gabriel showed up with a torch.
Gabriel showed up.
Gabriel skipped rocks across the lake's glassy surface.
Gabriel slammed the back door shut.
Gabriel slept underneath the starry sky.
Gabriel slowly walked towards Rima.
Gabriel smashed the door.
Gabriel snapped a photo of the lake's picturesque landscape.
Gabriel snuck inside the palace from a secret entrance.
Gabriel somehow evaded the guards.
Gabriel sought total domination.
Gabriel spilled blood everywhere.
Gabriel spoke to the doctor.
Gabriel spoke with the officer.
Gabriel spotted Rima from afar and got smitten with her.
Gabriel spotted Rima.
Gabriel spotted some wild horses in the area.
Gabriel sprinkled salt on Rima’s wounds.
Gabriel sprinted up the stairs two steps at a time.
Gabriel stabbed Rima in the heart.
Gabriel stabbed Rima in the neck.
Gabriel stabbed his dog.
Gabriel started eating Rima.
Gabriel started first.
Gabriel started hearing voices.
Gabriel started his monologue.
Gabriel started laughing a bit.
Gabriel started running for his truck.
Gabriel started running for the bus.
Gabriel started sprinting out of the woods.
Gabriel started throwing stones at Rima.
Gabriel started to talk to Rima’s doppelganger.
Gabriel started walking back to the bus.
Gabriel stayed in a small rundown cabin.
Gabriel stayed in the cabin with the campers.
Gabriel stepped away from the strange object.
Gabriel stepped on the broken glass.
Gabriel still had the phone for sale.
Gabriel still has air to breathe.
Gabriel still hasn't picked his spot to camp.
Gabriel stole Melissa's shoes from her backpack.
Gabriel stole drinks from Melissa's kitchen.
Gabriel stole five billion dinars.
Gabriel stole liquid cash that he could spend.
Gabriel stole the artefact.
Gabriel stood intimidatingly in front of Rima.
Gabriel stood up, too.
Gabriel stopped Rima from doing so.
Gabriel stopped every five hours.
Gabriel stopped his car.
Gabriel stopped his hair loss.
Gabriel stopped the bus.
Gabriel struggled to get up.
Gabriel stuck to a healthy diet.
Gabriel studied Zuckerberg and the way he ran Facebook.
Gabriel studied the local wildlife.
Gabriel successfully killed an alien, using firearms.
Gabriel suddenly appeared.
Gabriel suddenly disappeared.
Gabriel suddenly stopped.
Gabriel suddenly turned over.
Gabriel suddenly vanished after hitting the wall.
Gabriel suffered the same fate his son did.
Gabriel suffers nightmares.
Gabriel suggested calling the police.
Gabriel surprised the crowd.
Gabriel survived the crash.
Gabriel survived using his ingenuity and determination.
Gabriel swam to the shore.
Gabriel swam towards the collapsible, but got pushed off it by its occupants.
Gabriel swapped clothes with his brother.
Gabriel swung a dagger at Rima.
Gabriel talked about strange lights in the sky.
Gabriel talked to the wall.
Gabriel thought the plan was dangerous.
Gabriel threw Melissa into the ocean.
Gabriel threw Molotov cocktails at the aliens.
Gabriel threw a knife at Rima, striking her in the chest.
Gabriel threw a note to Rima and asked her to pass it on to Walid.
Gabriel threw stones at Rima.
Gabriel tied Rima up to a chair.
Gabriel told Rima not to be afraid.
Gabriel told Rima not to get closer.
Gabriel told Rima that Walid was dead.
Gabriel told Rima there was a lot of water around.
Gabriel told Rima to calm down.
Gabriel told Rima to shut up.
Gabriel told everyone about Rima.
Gabriel told the boss about it.
Gabriel told the officer what was going on.
Gabriel told the students.
Gabriel took Melissa to a very famous nightclub in Algiers.
Gabriel took Rima on a ride.
Gabriel took Rima to a prom party.
Gabriel took Rima to the prom party.
Gabriel took Rima’s picture.
Gabriel took a cab.
Gabriel took a cooking job in Algiers.
Gabriel took a cup of tea to Rima.
Gabriel took a leisurely stroll along the lake's shore.
Gabriel took good care of his sheep.
Gabriel took nothing but the hot soup and a little sherry.
Gabriel took off his clothes.
Gabriel took some pills.
Gabriel took the book back.
Gabriel took the opportunity to eat a quick meal.
Gabriel took the win.
Gabriel tossed the shoe away.
Gabriel transferred all his memories to the computer.
Gabriel translated the Berber message on the radio.
Gabriel transmitted a message from Mars to Earth.
Gabriel traveled down the dirt road to see how far it would take him.
Gabriel travels to Algeria four or five times a year.
Gabriel tried his best to calm Rima down.
Gabriel tried to catch a frog.
Gabriel tried to console Rima.
Gabriel tried to convince Rima to be part of his plan.
Gabriel tried to escape.
Gabriel tried to free himself.
Gabriel tried to get a signal on his phone but he failed.
Gabriel tried to get the best deal that he could.
Gabriel tried to humiliate Rima.
Gabriel tried to recruit Melissa.
Gabriel tried to stop the bus, but the brakes weren’t working.
Gabriel turned Rima into a little girl.
Gabriel turned his entire apartment into a lab.
Gabriel turned off his radio.
Gabriel turned the artefact into a ship.
Gabriel turned to continue his way up the path.
Gabriel urged Rima to come closer.
Gabriel used his hat to catch rainwater.
Gabriel used trolls to demonize Melissa's company.
Gabriel visited Rima to find out the truth.
Gabriel voiced his skepticism.
Gabriel waded through shallow water.
Gabriel waited for the aliens.
Gabriel walked closer.
Gabriel walked down the driveway.
Gabriel walked in the direction of the woods.
Gabriel walked into the rainforest.
Gabriel walked into the wall and disappeared.
Gabriel walked out barefoot.
Gabriel walked towards the crosswalk.
Gabriel walked up the same trail as Melissa.
Gabriel wanted Melissa to believe that.
Gabriel wanted to avoid any territorial conflict with Walid’s kingdom.
Gabriel wanted to expand the company further.
Gabriel wanted to get away from the city for a few days.
Gabriel wanted to know what Melissa was doing on his property.
Gabriel wanted to quit.
Gabriel wanted to sail the open sea alone.
Gabriel wanted to travel with Rima.
Gabriel wanted to undertake the voyage across the Atlantic by himself.
Gabriel wants to achieve better results.
Gabriel wants to become a musketeer.
Gabriel wants to come with Rima.
Gabriel wants to enjoy a nice vacation in Algeria.
Gabriel wants to go to the toilet.
Gabriel wants to live in the simulation.
Gabriel wants to move on to the next episode.
Gabriel wants to see them.
Gabriel was a Jesuit leader.
Gabriel was a Portuguese blacksmith.
Gabriel was a Portuguese laborer.
Gabriel was a chef on the Titanic.
Gabriel was a good shepherd, and his sheep were well cared for.
Gabriel was a musketeer.
Gabriel was a popular musketeer.
Gabriel was a senior wireless operator on the Titanic.
Gabriel was a skilled sheep herder.
Gabriel was a stern commander.
Gabriel was able to kill the monster.
Gabriel was able to shoot the alien with the shotgun.
Gabriel was about forty feet behind us.
Gabriel was about to depart with the hostages.
Gabriel was about to escape.
Gabriel was about to land in Algiers, Algeria.
Gabriel was about to propose to Rima.
Gabriel was about to propose.
Gabriel was after Rima.
Gabriel was against the idea.
Gabriel was allowed to leave.
Gabriel was already out.
Gabriel was an able seaman.
Gabriel was an impostor.
Gabriel was annoyed by the noise.
Gabriel was apprehended.
Gabriel was astonished to hear Rima’s voice.
Gabriel was at the door.
Gabriel was attracted to Rima’s beauty.
Gabriel was avoiding all obstacles without apparent difficulty.
Gabriel was baking bread in Algiers.
Gabriel was beating Rima.
Gabriel was being followed.
Gabriel was born in Algeria and later moved to Tunisia.
Gabriel was born to Algerian linguist parents.
Gabriel was born to Walid and Rima while they were having an affair.
Gabriel was carrying some wires.
Gabriel was caught and killed by the alien.
Gabriel was constantly attacked by insects.
Gabriel was dancing with tears in his eyes.
Gabriel was delirious when the rescuers found him.
Gabriel was dining.
Gabriel was distracted by Rima.
Gabriel was doing that in vain.
Gabriel was driven by ambition.
Gabriel was driving a car.
Gabriel was even more eager to invest.
Gabriel was exclusively using Facebook and not Twitter.
Gabriel was exhibiting strange behavior.
Gabriel was facing north while drifting south.
Gabriel was faithful to Rima.
Gabriel was five feet away from Melissa's tent.
Gabriel was flown to a hospital.
Gabriel was followed.
Gabriel was forced to escape to another room.
Gabriel was frightened to see Rima’s terrible condition.
Gabriel was frozen and panic.
Gabriel was frozen in despair.
Gabriel was gagged.
Gabriel was glad that Melissa was alright.
Gabriel was going in and out.
Gabriel was happy that Melissa was gone.
Gabriel was having a drink in the pantry.
Gabriel was having a drink.
Gabriel was having fun.
Gabriel was headed in Melissa's direction.
Gabriel was hesitant about the plan.
Gabriel was hiding in Melissa's yard.
Gabriel was hiding in the woods.
Gabriel was hiking through the deep woods.
Gabriel was hunting Melissa down.
Gabriel was hunting Melissa.
Gabriel was imagining things again.
Gabriel was in Berlin on that fateful day.
Gabriel was in a black suit.
Gabriel was in a dangerous situation.
Gabriel was in a diving bell.
Gabriel was in a park.
Gabriel was in a state of shock.
Gabriel was in charge of the vending machine.
Gabriel was in his room.
Gabriel was in the crow's nest.
Gabriel was in the lifeboat with his wife.
Gabriel was in the middle of the club.
Gabriel was inside Melissa's tent.
Gabriel was instantly devoured by the monsters.
Gabriel was instructed to find and kill Rima.
Gabriel was interested in driving for Uber.
Gabriel was just plagiarizing Melissa's articles.
Gabriel was kicked out of the company.
Gabriel was killed by a guard.
Gabriel was left devastated.
Gabriel was left to die a slow and painful death.
Gabriel was living in a simulation.
Gabriel was locked out of that place.
Gabriel was lying to all of us.
Gabriel was making his way down the road.
Gabriel was making his way up the trail.
Gabriel was met by the first officer, named Rima.
Gabriel was moved to a decompression chamber.
Gabriel was not affected by Rima’s powers.
Gabriel was not eating.
Gabriel was not happy with Rima.
Gabriel was not hungry.
Gabriel was on high alert.
Gabriel was on his way to a business meeting.
Gabriel was on the frontstep.
Gabriel was one hundred feet down.
Gabriel was only a few years older than Melissa.
Gabriel was only trying to defend himself.
Gabriel was ordered to check on Rima.
Gabriel was ordered to take the tiller.
Gabriel was part of the plan.
Gabriel was picked up by a Russian warship.
Gabriel was placed in cryosleep.
Gabriel was ready to collect the bounty on Walid.
Gabriel was really glad to see that.
Gabriel was referred to as "Walid."
Gabriel was rescued in the Gulf of Bengal.
Gabriel was revealed to be King Walid’s twin brother.
Gabriel was right outside the door.
Gabriel was running a black cab service.
Gabriel was running out of food.
Gabriel was scrolling through Facebook.
Gabriel was seated in front of Rima.
Gabriel was shirtless.
Gabriel was shooting at the entity.
Gabriel was short of breath.
Gabriel was sitting by the bar.
Gabriel was skeptical about the plan.
Gabriel was sort of in shock.
Gabriel was standing there.
Gabriel was staying in second class.
Gabriel was stealing his employees.
Gabriel was struggling to keep up.
Gabriel was suddenly shot by a guard.
Gabriel was taken aback.
Gabriel was there for Rima.
Gabriel was too busy at work.
Gabriel was too far from Rima.
Gabriel was too traumatized to talk about the incident.
Gabriel was trying to find another way out of the school.
Gabriel was unaware of Rima’s location.
Gabriel was unconcerned by the issue.
Gabriel was using both Facebook and Twitter.
Gabriel was using the app.
Gabriel was very talented, but he did not study.
Gabriel was waiting for the sun to come out.
Gabriel was walking down a straight road.
Gabriel was walking towards Rima.
Gabriel was warned earlier.
Gabriel was wearing a Hawaiian shirt.
Gabriel was wearing a blue sweater.
Gabriel was wearing a sweatshirt.
Gabriel was wearing blue sandals.
Gabriel was wearing rain gear.
Gabriel was west of the Canaries.
Gabriel was with Rima.
Gabriel was with another security guard named Walid.
Gabriel was with his girlfriend, Rima.
Gabriel was working a late-night shift.
Gabriel was working late.
Gabriel wasn't afraid to play dirty.
Gabriel wasn't sure what Rima was doing in the woods.
Gabriel wasted no time.
Gabriel watched Melissa go back to her truck and then leave.
Gabriel watched Netflix at Rima’s house.
Gabriel watched a family of swans gliding gracefully on the lake.
Gabriel waved at his friend across the street, signaling for him to come over.
Gabriel waved at his grandmother from the train.
Gabriel waved at his reflection in the mirror, checking his appearance.
Gabriel waved at the camera.
Gabriel waved at the passing train, hoping someone would see him.
Gabriel waved his arms to direct the crowd to safety.
Gabriel waved his arms wildly to grab the attention of the rescue team.
Gabriel waved his hand in acknowledgment of the compliment he received.
Gabriel waved his hand in greeting to his neighbor.
Gabriel waved his hand to call the waiter for the bill.
Gabriel waved his hand to dismiss Melissa's suggestion, shaking his head.
Gabriel waved his hand to flag down a passing taxi, eager to get home.
Gabriel waved his hand to flag down a taxi.
Gabriel waved his hand to get the waiter's attention.
Gabriel waved his hand to indicate that he was ready to start the game.
Gabriel waved his hand to indicate the direction we should go.
Gabriel waved his hand, signaling for his friends to follow him.
Gabriel waved his hand, signaling the start of the race.
Gabriel waved his hand, trying to get the attention of the waitress.
Gabriel waved his handkerchief to say goodbye to his loved ones.
Gabriel waved his hands frantically to signal for help.
Gabriel waved his hands in frustration when the truck wouldn't start.
Gabriel waved his hands, trying to cool himself off in the heat.
Gabriel waved his ticket excitedly to board the plane.
Gabriel waved to his friends as they passed by.
Gabriel welcomed Rima to his world.
Gabriel went alone.
Gabriel went back inside.
Gabriel went back over to the window.
Gabriel went back to the pizza place.
Gabriel went camping in the woods again.
Gabriel went down to the lobby.
Gabriel went home later.
Gabriel went into the pantry and chugged down some liquor.
Gabriel went kayaking on the calm waters of the lake.
Gabriel went on a camping trip in the Blida Atlas.
Gabriel went out of the tent to smoke.
Gabriel went through the wall and disappeared.
Gabriel went to Oxford University in the UK.
Gabriel went to a fruit stall.
Gabriel went to an ATM and withdrew the money.
Gabriel went to another kitchen.
Gabriel went to save Rima.
Gabriel went to search for Rima.
Gabriel went to the cargo bay.
Gabriel went to the tent with Melissa.
Gabriel went to wake the captain.
Gabriel will be a hero.
Gabriel will bite the dust.
Gabriel will deal with it.
Gabriel will find another planet.
Gabriel will soon find out.
Gabriel will speak to the king.
Gabriel willingly came with Rima.
Gabriel woke to the sound of crunching leaves in the darkness.
Gabriel woke up to the distinct sound of footsteps walking around his tent.
Gabriel wondered why his mother was crying.
Gabriel won’t risk causing damage to the computer.
Gabriel wore an iron mask.
Gabriel worked at a gas station at night.
Gabriel worked for the museum of antiquities in Algiers, Algeria.
Gabriel worked late that night.
Gabriel worked so hard on the app.
Gabriel works for an intelligence agency.
Gabriel would never betray Rima.
Gabriel would never go in a stranger's house.
Gabriel wrote about his experience in a newspaper.
Gabriel wrote the book when things were fresh in his mind.
Gabriel yelled for Rima to keep her cool.
Gabriel's arms were under the water.
Gabriel's boat endured fierce storms.
Gabriel's boat suffered heavy damage from bad weather.
Gabriel's cabin was untouched by the fire.
Gabriel's chances of survival are slim.
Gabriel's eyes took a moment to adjust from the light of the phone.
Gabriel's face still haunts Melissa.
Gabriel's fears were rational.
Gabriel's flashlight has been missing since we got back from the river.
Gabriel's footsteps faded into the distance.
Gabriel's handprint was imprinted on the back window.
Gabriel's head throbbed with hunger.
Gabriel's heart was racing out of his chest.
Gabriel's iPhone was pretty old and started to have major problems.
Gabriel's idea is pretty sound.
Gabriel's injuries were pulsating with pain.
Gabriel's legs were badly injured from the cold.
Gabriel's nail were long, unkempt and dark.
Gabriel's plate of food was untouched.
Gabriel's sheep were his livelihood and his companions.
Gabriel's ship has just passed five large icebergs.
Gabriel's ship is stopped and surrounded by ice.
Gabriel's ship made contact with the iceberg.
Gabriel's story is controversial.
Gabriel's testimony was very touching.
Gabriela is from Nicaragua. She is Nicaraguan.
Gabrielle, a striking 6'1" woman, was tired of enterprising young men asking her how the weather was up there.
Gabrielle, a striking 6’1" woman, was tired of enterprising young men asking her how the weather was up there.
Gabriel met a beautiful young woman named Rima.
Gabriel’s artificial eye has a recording device inside.
Gabriel’s boat headed downstream.
Gabriel’s dog was barking at something unseen.
Gabriel’s father passed away.
Gabriel’s job ends with taking Rima’s life.
Gabriel’s mother called him.
Gabriel’s phone started vibrating again.
Gabriel’s plane experienced turbulence.
Gabriel’s power is too strong.
Gabriel’s robot has nerve tissue.
Gabriel’s vision was blurred.
Gad, being girded, shall fight before him: and he himself shall be girded backward.
Gadda's writing is baroque.
Gaddafi called himself the king of kings of Africa.
Gaddafi led his country in a very unique way.
Gaddafi undertook a policy of cultural extermination against the Berber-speaking community of Libya.
Gaddafi was known for his outlandish clothing.
Gaddafi was the king of kings of Africa.
Gaditanians are known for telling good jokes.
Gaelic is the only language in the mouths of bards and fish.
Gag me with a spoon.
Gag me.
Gagarin was a cosmonaut.
Gagarin was the first man in space.
Gaia is a European Space Agency astronomy mission whose primary goals are to: (1) measure the positions and velocity of approximately one billion stars; (2) determine the brightness, temperature, composition, and motion through space of those stars; and, (3) create a three-dimensional map of the Milky Way galaxy.
Gaid Salah promised a transfer of power back to the people.
Gaid Salah's burial was like a state funeral.
Gail Cawkwell is a rheumatologist who treats children and young people with arthritis and fibromyalgia. She is also a Vice President at Pfizer.
Gaining the attention of others, by whatever means, for many is equivalent to feeling loved.
Gaining too much weight is not good for your health.
Gaiter is a soleless piece of footwear used to protect the upper part of the shoe and the lower part of the leg.
Gal Costa passed away yesterday, 11.09.22, at the age of 77.
Galactose is a carbohydrate.
Galaxies are classified by scientists according to their shape and appearance.
Galaxies are islands separated by enormous distances.
Galaxies are scattered throughout the universe and they vary greatly in size.
Galaxies come in all sorts of delicious flavours.
Galaxies contain from tens of millions to trillions of stars.
Galician is a sister language to Spanish and Portuguese. I carefully study the three of them, always in the afternoon or morning.
Galician is almost the same as Portuguese.
Galician is just Portuguese with a Spanish accent.
Galician teaches me Portuguese.
Galician, Portuguese and Spanish are often very similar to one another.
Galician, Portuguese, and Spanish are often confused with one another.
Galileo Galilei is one of the most famous astronomers in history.
Galileo Galilei was an Italian astronomer and an important figure in the initial development of the modern sciences. His discoveries contradicted the teachings of the Catholic Church, and Galileo was put on trial for heresy by the Inquisition.
Galileo Galilei was born in Pisa, Italy in 1564.
Galileo Galilei's real name?
Galileo Galilei, is that his real name?
Galileo argued that the earth moves.
Galileo designed a variety of scientific instruments. Among them was the hydrostatic balance. This was an instrument used to find the specific gravity of objects by weighing them in water.
Galileo did not invent the telescope.
Galileo died on January 8, 1642.
Galileo discovered that the Milky Way is made of many stars and that the Moon has hills. He discovered four moons in orbit around Jupiter, which are now known as the Galilean satellites.
Galileo dropped two balls from the Tower of Pisa.
Galileo dropped two iron balls from the top of the tower.
Galileo first discovered that the Moon had mountains just like Earth.
Galileo perfected the early telescope.
Galileo wanted to work with mathematics.
Galileo was a conspiracy theorist.
Galileo was cleared of charges of heresy, but was told that he should no longer publicly state his belief that Earth moved around the Sun.
Galileo was one of the first to use the telescope to search the heavens. Among his findings was spotting the four largest moons orbiting around Jupiter.
Galileo was sentenced to life imprisonment in 1633. Because of his age and poor health, he was allowed to serve his imprisonment under house arrest.
Galileo was the first person to look at the Moon through a telescope.
Galileo's discoveries forever changed the face of astronomy.
Galileo's father, Vincenzo Galilei, was a well-known musician.
Gall, lover of the Queen, went - magnanimous tour - / Gallantly from the arena to the Tower Grande, in Nîmes.
Gallium is a chemical element with the symbol Ga and atomic number 31.
Galoshes are impervious to water.
Galway — what a place!
Gambia has a very narrow territory.
Gambia is a country almost entirely enclaved within Senegal.
Gambia is entirely surrounded by Senegal.
Gambit is an opening maneuver in which a pawn is usually offered to gain positional advantage, to break the opponent's central structure or to accelerate the development of pieces.
Gamblers enjoy taking risks.
Gambling at a casino will most likely result in losing money.
Gambling brought about his failure.
Gambling brought about his ruin.
Gambling brought him to ruin.
Gambling can be as addictive as drugs.
Gambling destroyed Ziri.
Gambling is a curse.
Gambling is a vice.
Gambling is forbidden in Islam.
Gambling is illegal.
Gambling is legal in Nevada.
Gambling is one of Tom's vices.
Gambling is prohibited by law.
Gambling isn't one of Tom's vices.
Gambling needs to be looked at not as a personal failing, but as an aspect of an exploitative system.
Gambling site lets users bet on which species will go extinct because of the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.
Gambling was by no means his only source of income.
Gambling: The sure way of getting nothing for something.
Game birds abound in the area.
Game is very tasty.
Game of Thrones has been credited with an increased popularity of fantasy themes and mainstream acceptance of the fantasy fandom.
Game of Thrones is my favorite series.
Game one in the FIDE World Championship 2023 between Ian Nepomniachtchi and Ding Liren ended in a draw. Nepo with the white pieces went for Ruy Lopez, while Ding replied with Morphy’s Defense, and the game entered an equal minor pieces endgame.
Game over.
Game over. Continue?
Game theory is the study of strategic decision making.
Game time is set for 2:30 p.m.
Game time is set for 2:30.
Game, set, and match, Federer.
Game, set, match, Federer.
GamerGate and its descendants were and are everything that reactionaries claim "cancel culture" is.
Gamers are not an oppressed minority.
Gamestop is the battle, Bitcoin is the war.
Gamma ray bursts are so intense that if such an event occurred "close" to the Earth, causing a beam to fire directly at our planet, the radiation and particles could do harm.
Gamma rays are composed of very energetic photons.
Gamma-ray bursts are the most powerful explosions in the cosmos.
Gandhi is India's iconic independence leader.
Gandhi is a peace icon.
Gandhi is internationally famous.
Gandhi wanted to make Hindus and Muslims coexist peacefully.
Gandhi was assassinated by a radical Hindu nationalist.
Gandhi was right.
Gandhi was shot dead.
Gandhi's strategy of civil disobedience only worked because of colonial India's racial homogeneity versus its British overlords.
Gang members regularly visited that abandoned building.
Gangsters kill people.
Gangsters robbed a bank of thousands of dollars.
Gangway!
Ganja is one of the largest cities in Azerbaijan.
Ganon has another trick up his sleeve.
Ganovim-loshn was a Yiddish thieves' cant.
Ganymede was a shepherd.
Ganymede, Jupiter’s largest moon, also has its own magnetic field and magnetosphere—making it the only moon with one.
Gao Dao is usually really suave, but he seems completely smitten in front of his girlfriend.
Garbage despoiled the landscape where she had played as a child.
Garbage harbors vermin.
Garbage in, garbage out.
Garbage was everywhere.
García Lorca's return to Spain in 1930 coincided with the fall of the dictatorship of Primo de Rivera and the establishment of the Second Spanish Republic.
Garden tools make a good gift.
Garden tools make a nice gift.
Gardening became her beloved avocation.
Gardening could be a peaceful way to spend my day.
Gardening has been fashionable for a few years now.
Gardening has been popular for some years.
Gardening helps reconnect with nature.
Gardening is a fun activity.
Gardening is easy and fun.
Gardening is fun.
Gardening is good for your health.
Gardening is the purest of human pleasures.
Gardening teaches me about patience and growth.
Gardening teaches patience and responsibility.
Gardens are the link between men and the world in which they live.
Gareth lives in a house on a hillside in Wales.
Garfield won 214 electoral votes.
Garfield, you lazy cat.
Gargantia on the Verdurous Planet, a Japanese sci-fi anime, describes humanity going through several ice ages before it branches into an advanced space civilization and space-adapted monsters. The Earth becomes a water planet with some survivors in a flotilla.
Gargle and wash your hands as soon as you get home so that you don't catch a cold.
Gargle with saltwater to relieve the pain of a sore throat.
Gargling with salt water helps stop coughing.
Gargling with salt water is good for coughs.
Garlic and onion are good remedies against the common cold.
Garlic and pomegranate are best friends in the kitchen.
Garlic destroys cancer cells and prevents them from developing.
Garlic enhances the flavor of meals.
Garlic gives off a strong odor.
Garlic has a strong smell and a strong flavor.
Garlic is a natural antibiotic.
Garlic is good for one's health.
Garlic is not a fruit.
Garlic is reviled by vampires.
Garlic is used to improve the taste of food.
Garlic isn't fruit.
Garlic kills viruses and warts.
Garlic powder was a staple in Matthew's spice cabinet.
Garlic repels vampires.
Garnets vary considerably in chemical composition, but the variation is limited within a certain range.
Garnets were used as beads in ancient Egypt.
Garnish with a sliced spring onion.
Garrulous as he may have been, that old philosopher made some very poignant arguments about economics and society.
Garter snakes are good pets.
Garvey moved to New York City in 1916.
Garvey speaks up for racial pride.
Gary Ewing was sentenced to life under the three strikes law for stealing three golf clubs.
Gary found an outlet for his energy in playing football.
Gary isn't Garry, as they're not the same person. They're not related. In mathematics, they're labels put on different objects.
Gary will explain to us who will have a private office and who will have a cubicle and the difference between them.
Gary will have been in Japan for six years next month.
Gary wrote many sentences that deliberately antagonised other users and were subsequently all deleted.
Gas cookers consume half the amount of energy as electric cookers.
Gas could be leaking at our home.
Gas emissions cause serious pollution in urban areas.
Gas giant exoplanets can be much larger than Jupiter.
Gas giants are beautifully weird.
Gas giants probably have solid cores.
Gas has been found below the sea.
Gas has leaked.
Gas is a little cheaper with self-service, now that deregulation is kicking in.
Gas is an important natural resource.
Gas is available in this neighborhood.
Gas is cheap in Algeria.
Gas is cheap now.
Gas is flowing from Algeria to Spain.
Gas is more expensive in France than in the United States.
Gas on the right, brake on the left.
Gas prices are rising again.
Gas prices are up.
Gas prices have dropped.
Gas prices keep going up.
Gas seems to be escaping from the pipe.
Gas was escaping from a crack in the pipe.
Gas was seeping through a crack in the pipe.
Gas-powered cars are the Devil's vehicle.
Gaseous water is known as "vapor".
Gaskets for specific applications, such as high pressure steam systems, may contain asbestos.
Gaslighting can cause victims to question their own sanity.
Gaslighting isn't real, you're just imagining things.
Gaslighting takes its name from the 1938 Patrick Hamilton play 'Gas Light'.
Gaslighting was one of the many tricks Tom employed to manipulate his lovers.
Gasoline became so expensive that we had to let our car go.
Gasoline costs more in France than in the United States.
Gasoline is cheap in Algeria.
Gasoline is getting cheaper.
Gasoline is getting to be too expensive.
Gasoline is more flammable than fuel oil.
Gasoline is no longer a cheap fuel.
Gasoline is scarce around here.
Gasoline is sold by the liter.
Gasoline is supposed to get more expensive again.
Gasoline is used for fuel.
Gasoline is very expensive.
Gasoline isn't as cheap as it used to be.
Gasoline isn't as cheap as it was when I first started driving.
Gasoline isn't cheap anymore.
Gasoline isn't free in Algeria.
Gasoline only gets dearer.
Gasoline prices affect all of us one way or another.
Gasoline prices have been going up.
Gasoline stations, roadside stands and small houses followed the new road.
Gasp, laughter and screaming filled the room. Smile, MIC drop, chuckle as he walked off stage.
Gastric surgeons at the University of Texas Health Science Center in Houston are recruiting normal-weight or thin diabetic patients for a study of a surgical procedure called ileal transposition.
Gastroenteritis is often caused by the norovirus.
Gastronomy is embedded in France's heritage.
Gastropod means "stomach foot," for some reason.
Gastropods are Tom's object of study.
Gastropods are mollusks.
Gastropods interest Tom.
Gate closes 20 minutes before departure.
Gategno explained in a press interview that the restriction of access to the e-mail service had nothing to do with the release of the inflammatory video.
Gates of wrought iron are so beautiful.
Gather all of her pictures and burn them.
Gather all of your personal effects, and we will escort you to your foster home.
Gather around, people.
Gather his things together.
Gather it six days; but on the seventh day is the sabbath of the Lord, therefore it shall not be found.
Gather roses while you may.
Gather round if you want to play hide-and-seek.
Gather the papers and bring them here.
Gather the sheep for grazing.
Gather them all there.
Gather them all.
Gather those leaves.
Gather up your stuff.
Gather ye rosebuds while ye may.
Gather your injured at the church for medical treatment.
Gather your things and go!
Gather your things and leave.
Gather your things.
Gather your toys together.
Gather yourself up.
Gather yourselves together, and hear, O ye sons of Jacob, hearken to Israel, your father:
Gather, maiden, roses, while the flower is new and new is youth, and be mindful that your time hurries thus.
Gathered around crystal balls and cauldrons in a dark, magical room, sit wizards and witches learning new magic.
Gathering information is one of the essentials of travel.
Gator meat is a popular appetizer in restaurants, first chopped into small pieces then breaded, deep-fried and served with dipping sauces.
Gators can be a deadly threat.
Gators can kill people.
Gauge queens constantly up the ante in order to assert their commitment to a counter cultural look.
Gauges are used to measure the thickness of wire.
Gaurav paid for his Amazon order via internet banking.
Gauss had an innate talent for mathematical problems.
Gautama Buddha, Amitābha Buddha, and Maitreya Buddha are different Buddha persons. Gautama was the historical Buddha. Amitābha Buddha is the Buddha of the Pure Land. And Maitreya is the Buddha of the future, who will be coming.
Gavidia said he’d heard about coronavirus patients who “die by themselves because they're contagious — so when I'm saying goodbye to my wife, I thought that could be it.”
Gavidia tested positive for COVID-19 in the hospital and was sent home to quarantine.
Gavidia was forced to walk outside and stand in the middle of the street.
Gay and lesbian people should have their rights, shouldn't they?
Gay and trans people are part of the same movement because both exhibit behavior that does not conform to traditional gender roles, and are persecuted for it.
Gay and trans people exist and are a part of the world and of our communities, so children should learn about their existence the same way they learn about the rest of the world.
Gay characters and straight characters exist in children's TV. Big deal.
Gay marriage is a hotly contested issue.
Gay marriage is legal here.
Gay marriage is permitted in less than 20% of countries.
Gay marriage should be legal.
Gay parenting is a no-brainer. It works just as well as straight parenting and it decreases the number of children in foster care.
Gay people are not expected to have children.
Gay people in Britain used to speak a cant called Polari.
Gaya asked about you.
Gaza and the West Bank are both parts of Palestine.
Gaza and the West Bank are the biggest prisons on Earth.
Gaza existed way before Islam was founded.
Gaza has passed the unlivability threshold.
Gaza is a defenseless area.
Gaza is an ancient city.
Gaza is one of the world's most populous enclaves.
Gaza is one of the worst places to live.
Gaza is the biggest prison on Earth.
Gaza is the world's largest concentration camp.
Gaza is the world's largest open-air prison.
Gazans are facing high levels of food insecurity.
Gazans cling to hope.
Gazans have only three hours of electricity per day.
Gazans have sporadical electricity.
Gazans only have three hours of electricity per day.
Gazelles are social animals.
Gazelles sleep and graze together in a herd.
Gaziantep is the gastronomic capital of Turkey.
Gaziantep was freed from the French occupation in 1921.
Gazing up into the darkness I saw myself as a creature driven and derided by vanity; and my eyes burned with anguish and anger.
Gazpacho is a cold tomato and vegetable soup from Spain.
Gboard supports the Berber keyboard.
Gdansk has the best hinterland connections into Central and Eastern Europe.
Gdansk is a Polish city.
Gdansk is the largest port in Poland and an important cultural center.
Gdansk used to be called Danzig.
Gdańsk is the biggest city in the north of Poland.
Gdańsk is the largest Polish seaport and an important cultural centre.
Gear the engine to the front wheels.
Gebisa Ejeta was raised in a one-room hut in a rural village in west-central Ethiopia. His mother wanted him to get an education. He walked twenty kilometers to school in a neighboring town. He left home on Sunday nights and returned on Friday.
Geckos are cute little lizards.
Geckos can walk on walls and even on the ceiling.
Geckos lay eggs.
Gee whiz!
Gee willikers!
Gee! "Yours", then! So much the better for those who have eaten, the others just have to wait for a possible next service!
Gee, I wish I had that problem.
Gee, it hasn't rained much this year, has it?
Gee, it sure is boring around here!
Gee, it sure is boring around here.
Gee, unbelievable!
Gee, what a novel approach.
Geek, speak Klingon!
Geese are aggressive birds.
Geese are birds.
Geese are curious by nature.
Geese are naturally curious.
Geese are obnoxious assholes and I love it.
Geese fly in a V shape.
Geese were honking loudly as they flew overhead.
Geez - I'm getting nervous.
Geez! Are you deaf?
Geez, I wish this test would finish soon.
Geez, it's late.
Geez, overdramatic much?
Geez, that must be tough on you. How do you put up with it?
Geishas have a very strict and disciplined lifestyle.
Gekkyoku is the leading company in the parking business in Japan.
Gela said that Father went into the city.
Gelatine has the property of setting as it cools.
Gelb married his wife, Judith, in 1959, despite her parents’ reservations about his lackluster roots.
Gema's grandmother always tells her granddaughter that she's going to be left on the shelf when the latter tells her that she's waiting for Mr. Right.
Gemsboks roam the bushlands of southern Africa freely.
Gen Z had the highest score on the UCLA Loneliness Scale, which has been the standard measurement for studying loneliness since 1978.
Gen Z is the most racially and ethnically diverse generation in history, with 48% in 2018 being nonwhite.
Gen Zers are coming of age during a time when the U.S. and the global population are increasingly hearing about and experiencing the effects of climate change and global warming.
Gen Zers are finding the world of advanced technology and constant connectivity both helpful and hurtful.
Gen Zers are projected to be about 10% of the voting population in 2020.
Gen Zers are the first digital natives.
Gen Zers are unlike other generations, who either grew up without or came into adulthood during the rise of social media, smartphones and instant accessibility of information.
Gen Zers have unique mental health issues, are more diverse than previous generations and have left-leaning political beliefs.
Gen Z’s online experience with social media could be what makes them more likely to spot the difference between credible sources and fake news.
Gena the Crocodile worked as a crocodile at the zoo.
Gendarmes are also human beings.
Gendarmes are human, too.
Gender Studies is a newer department at the university.
Gender bias persists as men often perceive anything feminine as inherently inferior.
Gender confirmation surgeries jumped by 20 percent in the United States from 2015 to 2016, according to a new survey.
Gender confirmation surgery has an exceptionally low regret rate.
Gender dysphoria is a condition that usually begins in childhood.
Gender dysphoria is not contagious.
Gender dysphoria is not sexual.
Gender dysphoria isn't communicable.
Gender dysphoria usually begins in childhood.
Gender is a spectrum.
Gender norms should not dictate how individuals cope with and process their emotions.
Gender reveal parties are parties in which couples come up with increasingly elaborate ways to announce the gender of their expected child.
Gender stereotypes persist, promoting the idea that men should be strong and emotionless in our society.
Gender transition is the treatment for a medical condition.
Gender violence and authoritarianism go hand-in-hand.
Gender violence goes hand-in-hand with authoritarianism.
Gender-affirming care for a child is a wardrobe change, new pronouns, and maybe a haircut.
Gender-affirming care is an evidence-based practice.
Gender-affirming care is controversial politically, not medically.
Gender-affirming care is less profitable and more risky to the practitioner than other fields of medicine.
Gender-affirming care is safe, effective, and medically necessary.
Gender-affirming care is the evidence-based treatment for gender dysphoria.
Gender-affirming care isn't experimental by any standard other than the "reactionaries don't like it" standard.
Gender-based violence (or sexist violence, according to other sources) is understood as any type of violence that is committed by violating the physical, mental or relational well-being of a person due to their sex or gender identity.
Gender-confirming surgery has a regret rate of 1%, much lower than for most other surgeries, which average 14%.
Gender-neutral toilets don't work for women.
Gender-reveal parties are more dangerous than Antifa.
Gender-reveal parties have killed more people than Antifa.
Gene patents are not legitimate.
Gene therapy could potentially allow doctors to cure some of the deadliest types of cancer and rare hereditary diseases with one injection.
Genealogy, otherwise known as family history, is an extremely popular hobby.
General Anan says an abandoned anti-tank M-72 grenade launcher was found in a small lane near the building amid shattered glass and masonry.
General Andrews sent for more reinforcements to stave off the enemy troops.
General Braddock was killed.
General Claire Lee Chennault commanded the legendary Flying Tigers.
General Custer didn't kill any Native American. It was his bullets that did it.
General Erwin Rommel was brave and smart.
General Franks received an honorary knighthood.
General Gaid Salah was a brave man.
General Gaïd Salah is a lion in Algeria but a worm in the West and everywhere else.
General Jackson failed to capture any Indians.
General Jackson is planning to destroy the city.
General Jackson organized the defense of the city.
General Jackson vowed a reprisal for the death of his men.
General Jackson wields enormous power in this country.
General John Pope made a terrible mistake.
General Lee and the Confederate Army lost the great battle.
General Montcalm attacked several British forts in 1757.
General Motors laid off 76,000 of its workers.
General Motors laid off 76,000 workers.
General Motors pledged to produce only electric vehicles by 2035, except for heavy duty trucks.
General Soleimani was a legend within his own country.
General Tom Jackson accepted the position of commander-in-chief.
General Yuan proclaims himself President.
General admission is $7 for adults.
General de Gaulle visited the village Tizi Hibel.
General elections were held in April 2017, and voters elected President Lenin Moreno.
General is a higher rank than colonel.
General prosperity and satisfaction are the best deterrents to revolution.
General quarters!
Generalizations are always wrong.
Generalizations, in French, systematically require the definite article, unlike what happens with English, Esperanto or Portuguese...
Generalizing terrorism as a Muslim issue is inaccurate.
Generally I don't like country music.
Generally I don't like listening to country music.
Generally men in Westerns drink whisky.
Generally once round this river side area is the basic morning course.
Generally speaking girls are better linguists than boys.
Generally speaking, "owned" sentences are more likely to be error-free.
Generally speaking, Americans are very fond of coffee.
Generally speaking, Americans like coffee.
Generally speaking, Englishmen aren't curious about others.
Generally speaking, Englishmen aren’t curious about others.
Generally speaking, I leave work at 8:40.
Generally speaking, Japan gets a bunch of rain during the month of June.
Generally speaking, Japanese are hard workers.
Generally speaking, Japanese cars are popular abroad.
Generally speaking, Japanese cars are popular overseas.
Generally speaking, Japanese women are modest.
Generally speaking, New Zealanders are taller than Japanese.
Generally speaking, Tom is bad at things like that.
Generally speaking, Tom is right.
Generally speaking, Westerners don't eat fish raw.
Generally speaking, Westerners don’t eat fish raw.
Generally speaking, a waiter in Japan gives good service.
Generally speaking, a woman will live longer than a man.
Generally speaking, being an accessory to any crime, including murder, means you knew it was happening and did nothing to try and stop it.
Generally speaking, boys can run faster than girls.
Generally speaking, boys like girls with long hair.
Generally speaking, children like to play outdoors.
Generally speaking, college students have more free time than high school students.
Generally speaking, distance runners are less flexible than sprinters.
Generally speaking, endoscopy is a safe procedure.
Generally speaking, gambling is frowned upon.
Generally speaking, girls are better at learning languages than boys.
Generally speaking, high school students study harder than college students.
Generally speaking, history repeats itself.
Generally speaking, little girls are fond of dolls.
Generally speaking, men are physically stronger than women.
Generally speaking, men are stronger than women.
Generally speaking, men are taller than women.
Generally speaking, men can run faster than women can.
Generally speaking, men find it more difficult to talk about their feelings than women.
Generally speaking, nobles were only very slightly affected by taxes.
Generally speaking, orchestra conductors wear tailcoats at concerts.
Generally speaking, savings are increasing.
Generally speaking, teenagers of today have less respect for their elders and for authority, than was the case fifty years ago.
Generally speaking, the Englishman is not curious about others.
Generally speaking, the Japanese are hard workers.
Generally speaking, the Japanese are polite.
Generally speaking, the Japanese people are diligent.
Generally speaking, the art of governing consists in taking the most money from one part of the citizens, in order to give it to another part.
Generally speaking, the climate here is mild.
Generally speaking, the climate in England is mild.
Generally speaking, the climate of Japan is mild.
Generally speaking, the errors in religion are dangerous; those in philosophy only ridiculous.
Generally speaking, the students of this class are very good.
Generally speaking, the weather was mild last year.
Generally speaking, the young people of today are clever.
Generally speaking, there is little rain here in June.
Generally speaking, we Japanese are a little too timid in speaking foreign languages.
Generally speaking, what she says is right.
Generally speaking, women are better linguists than men.
Generally speaking, women live longer than men by almost ten years.
Generally speaking, women live longer than men.
Generally the Americans are a kind people.
Generally things are pretty good between us.
Generally we all eat together at the table.
Generally, Americans love coffee.
Generally, Americans prefer big cars.
Generally, Europeans know more foreign languages than Americans.
Generally, I think that "Trinity Religions" or "three-tending religions" are Xtianity, Hare Krishna, and Hinduism, but one should note that amongst Xtian sects, Jehovah's Witnesses and Mormons do not believe in the Trinity, as it is not Biblical, they say.
Generally, Japanese people are shy.
Generally, a 4WD vehicle gets much worse gas mileage than a compact car.
Generally, dogs and cats don't get along very well.
Generally, hybridization of fishes seems most common in areas that have been subject to radical climatic change in the past 20,000 or fewer years, and in streams that have been altered recently by the activities of man.
Generally, in Italian the stress is put on the second to last syllable.
Generally, it took us about an hour to drive to Algiers.
Generally, men are taller than women.
Generally, men run faster than women.
Generally, mineral water is more expensive than tap water.
Generally, nouns need an article.
Generally, special forces are used in very specific and dangerous missions.
Generally, special forces don't have much contact with civilians.
Generally, the Japanese are diligent.
Generally, the Japanese are polite.
Generally, the Japanese are very diligent workers.
Generally, the men are taller than the women.
Generally, the sense whether or not an expression is natural can't really be relied on. For example, even if it feels unnatural, it is often easily due to lack of experience.
Generally, there are many people who visit this area.
Generally, these craftsmen serve long apprenticeships under master gunmakers.
Generally, who visits their parents more, sons or daughters?
Generally, women live 10 years longer than men.
Generally, women live longer than men.
Generate a random number.
Generate tokens.
Generation Z has added a whole new dimension to the meanings of emojis.
Generation Z includes those born in the early noughties, which is the first decade of the 21st Century from 2000 to 2009.
Generation Z, America’s youngest generation, is well on course to eclipse older generations in size and social impact.
Generation Z, the cohort of Americans born roughly between 1990 and the early 2010s, are the most diverse generation in U.S. history, and right now, they do not see that reflected in the makeup of political leadership, at either the local or federal level.
Generations of Americans were taught to fear—miscegenation, "the yellow peril," Italians, communism.
Generic ibuprofen is just as effective as name-brand ibuprofen.
Generic medications are almost always cheaper.
Generosity is a trait of the people of Baku.
Generosity is an essential part of who I am.
Generosity is an important trait in today's selfish society.
Generosity is innate in some people.
Generous amounts of alcohol were proffered, and fraternal toasts shared.
Generous behavior reduces the perception of pain.
Generous people make for bad merchants.
Genes are sections of long DNA molecules that store genetic information.
Genes consist of a specific sequence of DNA.
Genes predetermine the likelihood that we will get many disease, but what we do to prevent them is a much larger factor.
Genesis is the first book of the Bible.
Genetic analysis can be useful in predicting the likelihood of cancer and other diseases.
Genetic diseases are mostly uncurable.
Genetic diversity in the Texas State Bison Herd (descended from the famous Goodnight herd, discussed here) dropped so low that in 2003, just one calf in 15 pregnancies survived to its second year.
Genetic diversity is a good thing.
Genetic epistemology is an emerging field in psychology about the study of the origin of knowledge.
Genetic evidence shows COVID probably did not come directly from a bat, but from a civet.
Genetic evidence shows that termites are a branch of the cockroaches.
Genetic experts say humans and chimps are ninety-eight percent related. A new study suggests that the development of humans from chimps may have been more recent than scientists have thought. And more complex.
Genetic testing revealed that the man was a chimera, having 2 different sets of DNA in different parts of his body.
Genetically modified foods have been controversial ever since they were introduced. But a new variety of GM soybean nearing commercialization promises to deliver health benefits that could change how people think about agricultural biotechnology.
Genetically modified soybean oil may not be as healthy as you think, research suggests.
Genetics doesn't lie.
Genetics will never change.
Geneva is Switzerland's second-largest city.
Geneva is the second largest city in Switzerland.
Genghis Khan lived in a violent age.
Genghis Khan was a brutal man in a brutal age.
Genghis Khan's empire spread from the point where the sun rises, to the point where the sun sets.
Genghis Khan, also known as Temujin, was the first emperor of the Mongols, and he is the one who laid the foundations of his vast empire.
Genghiz Khan is a famous historical figure.
Genitals are more sensitive than most other organs.
Genius and madness are but a hairbreadth away from each other.
Genius and madness are separated only by success.
Genius chastised grows in authority.
Genius does what it must, and talent does what it can.
Genius has been defined as a supreme capacity for taking trouble.
Genius is but one remove from madness.
Genius is cultivated.
Genius is eternal patience.
Genius is infinite patience.
Genius is insanity that's useful.
Genius is nothing but a great aptitude for patience.
Genius is nothing more than one's rediscovered youth.
Genius is one per cent inspiration and ninety-nine per cent perspiration.
Genius is one percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Genius is only one remove from insanity.
Genius is useful insanity.
Genius means one percent inspiration and 99 percent sweat.
Genius must be born, and never can be taught.
Geniuses have something beautiful: they resemble everybody but no one resembles them.
Geniuses make mistakes as well.
Geniuses make mistakes too.
Geniuses make mistakes, too.
Geniuses think alike.
Genoa is about 120 km south of Milan.
Genoa was a city-state in the middle ages.
Genoa's old town is picturesque.
Genocide is a crime against humanity.
Genocide is a legal term.
Genocide is the systematic effort to exterminate an entire people.
Genocide isn't feminism.
Genocides are hate crimes.
Genocides of the twentieth century killed more people than all the wars.
Genomics or gene-related medicine has advanced rapidly over the last decade. According to a new study, the field is shifting from testing rare genetic disorders to the diagnosis of more common chronic diseases like heart disease, diabetes, stroke, osteoporosis and cancer.
Gentamicin is an antibiotic that is typically not used to treat sexually transmitted infections.
Gentians are plants that grow in mountainous regions.
Gentleman once meant a person of high social class and sufficient income so that he didn't have to work.
Gentlemen NEVER snatch things from ladies . . . or forget to say thank you . . . or pull anybody's hair.
Gentlemen don't do things like that.
Gentlemen first.
Gentlemen never snatch things from ladies . . . or forget to say thank you . . . or pull anybody's hair.
Gentlemen prefer blondes.
Gentlemen remove their hats in the presence of a lady.
Gentlemen! Tomorrow we shall proclaim the Republic.
Gentlemen, I didn't want to teach you how to build houses, I just asked you not to put shit in concrete.
Gentlemen, I'd like to propose a toast.
Gentlemen, allow me to say a few words in greeting.
Gentlemen, at the beginning of this century, France was for all nations a magnificent sight.
Gentlemen, lift the toilet seat! Ladies also like to sit dry.
Gentlemen, start your engines.
Gentlemen, why are you silent? Isn't he spouting nonsense? Or has the fact that he is a scientist at the court of the king himself clouded your judgment?
Gentleness and cheerfulness, these come before all morality; they are the perfect duties.
Gently dab the ointment on the wound.
Gently in manner, strongly in deed.
Gently push back the cuticles.
Gently, he put his hand on her shoulder.
Gentrification increases homelessness.
Gentrification is a process carried out by landlords and developers, not by tenants.
Gentrification: the process by which poor black neighborhoods become rich young white neighborhoods, usually fueled by greedy landlords wishing to exploit the greater upward mobility of whites.
Genuine friendship is uncommon.
Genuine friendships enrich our lives profoundly.
Geocaching is a modern day treasure hunting activity.
Geocaching is a new sport.
Geodesists are experts at measuring things.
Geodesists measure and monitor the Earth to determine the exact coordinates of any point.
Geodesy is the science of measuring and monitoring the size and shape of the Earth, including its gravity field, and determining the location of points on the Earth’s surface.
Geoff spent his childhood in Belgium.
Geoffrey, a highly advantaged student at a private college, bought a motorcycle and vanished with it.
Geoffrey, pronounced like "Gawfree," was a big Chinese-Filipino who was my classmate in high school English and first-year university Engineering courses.
Geographically and economically, Algeria is an African giant.
Geographically, Algeria has a huge potential for agriculture.
Geography keeps pulling the two countries apart.
Geological processes created these bright areas and may still be changing the face of Ceres today.
Geologist Renato Solidum heads the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology and his office did the risk analysis of earthquake scenarios. He said these new maps help planners foster their “disaster imagination.”
Geologists arrived to explore the ore.
Geologists describe Sunday's powerful earthquake in the Indian Ocean as a once-in-a-generation event.
Geologists discovered a rare mineral in the cave.
Geologists have a saying — rocks remember.
Geologists have complicated matters by suggesting that the Bering Strait wasn’t passable until 10 or 12,000 years ago.
Geologists say the earth's crust is not a seamless skin. Rather, it is fractured into seven major plates, and more than a dozen lesser ones. These plates are not stationary; they move and collide with one another, creating what are known as faultlines. Along some faultlines, one plate's edge will sink beneath another. In other cases, the plates rub and slip sideways along the faultline.
Geologists travel great distances to study the stratified rock formations in the national parks.
Geology is divided into various branches such as mineralogy, petrology, and physical geology.
Geometry is a mathematical science concerned with the study and measurement of lines, angles and curves, and with the shapes which are formed when several lines are joined together.
Geometry is based on points, lines and planes.
Geometry is based on points, lines, and planes.
Geometry, about which I know nothing, seems like a very dull subject.
Geopolitical tensions are running high in North Africa.
Geopolitically, Algeria looks like a besieged fortress.
Geopolitically, it was an unwise move, but the government proceeded with it nevertheless. It soon became clear that this was a terrible mistake.
Geopolitics is a cutthroat world. If you display weakness, you're done.
George Bernard Shaw studied Hungarian for years.
George Bush is the forty-first president of America.
George Bush is the forty-first president of the United States of America.
George Bush thought it would be relatively easy to win the hearts and minds of the Iraqis.
George Bush went on a vacation with his wife.
George Custer was killed at the Battle of the Little Bighorn in 1876, along with over 200 of his men.
George Eliot is subtly subversive: there are have-nots on every fringe, and her women collaborate in exquisitely detailed mutual oppression.
George Eliot was the pen name of Mary Ann Evans.
George Floyd's full name was George Perry Floyd Jr. and as such, he could be a JoJo from JoJo's Bizarre Adventure.
George Frederick Handel, unquestionably the greatest master of music the world has ever known, was born at Halle, in Upper Saxony, on the 24th of February, 1684. Scarcely could he speak, before he articulated musical sounds; and his father, a physician, then upwards of sixty, having destined him for the law, grieved at the child’s propensity to music, banished from his house all musical instruments. But the immortal spark of genius, which Heaven had kindled in the infant’s bosom, was not to be extinguished by the caprice of a mistaken parent. The child contrived to get a little clavichord into a garret; where, applying himself after the family retired to rest, he soon found means to produce both melody and harmony.
George Frideric Handel was born 36 days before Johann Sebastian Bach.
George Frideric Handel, Johann Sebastian Bach and Giuseppe Domenico Scarlatti were all born in 1685.
George H. W. Bush didn't die soon enough.
George H. W. Bush had no respect for the dead whatsoever.
George H. W. Bush ignored the AIDS epidemic during his entire term as Vice President. As President he paid lip service to it while refusing to do anything material to combat it.
George H. W. Bush took way too long to die.
George H. W. Bush was a war criminal responsible for bombing retreating soldiers, many of whom were conscripts.
George Harrison was a gentleman all his life!
George Hunt, you're an infernal scamp!
George III has been unfairly maligned by historians.
George Johnson is in really fine form.
George Lucas describes himself as a Buddhist Methodist.
George Lucas isn't Jewish.
George Orwell believed there was a lot to be hopeful about in the Soviet Union, despite its problems.
George Orwell was a supporter of what we now know as "political correctness," considering it to be "only the most ordinary politeness."
George Orwell was a violent antifascist.
George Orwell went all the way to Spain just to kill fascists.
George R. R. Martin gets the brutality of the Middle Ages right, but never tackles the mobs, riots, pogroms, and general mass psychology of the time.
George R. R. Martin has said that Donald Trump reminds him most of his character Joffrey, the child king.
George Sand cannot determine whether she is male or female. I entertain a high regard for all my colleagues, but it is not my place to decide whether she is my sister or my brother.
George Sand chose to dress as a man.
George Sand was one of the most popular European writers in her lifetime.
George Soros and Hunter Biden have huge economic interests in Ukraine.
George Soros criticizes the Israeli government.
George Soros learned Esperanto from a young age, but it has never been confirmed that he is a native speaker.
George Soros survived the Holocaust.
George Soros wants Europe to be indebted to him and Jean-Claude Juncker assists him.
George W. Bush choked on a pretzel and fainted.
George W. Bush had a personal grudge against Saddam Hussein, and was eager to tie 9/11 to him from day one.
George W. Bush had a personal grudge against Saddam Hussein, which he was quite vocal about.
George W. Bush is a U.S. war criminal.
George W. Bush is a war criminal and needs to be held accountable.
George W. Bush is involved in serious war crimes.
George W. Bush is responsible for many war crimes committed in Iraq and Afghanistan.
George W. Bush should be arrested for war crimes.
George W. Bush should stand trial for war crimes and crimes against humanity.
George W. Bush was born in the state of Connecticut in 1946.
George W. Bush was the worst president in American history.
George Washington arrived the day before.
George Washington didn't want political parties to form.
George Washington made a point of declaring that Thanksgiving should be celebrated by people of all faiths, a distinction that still resonates for Americans, including immigrants marking their first Thanksgiving.
George Washington was President of the USA from 1789 to 1797.
George Washington was a colonial soldier.
George Washington was born in 1732.
George Washington was born on 22nd February 1732.
George Washington was born on the twenty-second of February in seven hundred and thirty-two.
George Washington was born on the twenty-second of February seventeen thirty-two.
George Washington was one of the founders of the United States of America.
George Washington was the commander of the Americans.
George Washington was the first President of the United States of America.
George Washington was the first president of the USA.
George Washington was the first president of the United States of America.
George Washington was the first president of the United States, and I left São paulo in 2009.
George accompanied me home.
George always does his best, and that's what I like about him.
George always does his best, and that’s what I like about him.
George began to climb all unawares.
George calculated the cost of the trip.
George came home from the war as a hero.
George chained the dog up.
George did business in the same manner as his father did.
George did business in the same manner as his father.
George didn't think Nupur would be as kinky as him.
George does not mix much; he likes to keep to himself.
George doesn't mix much; he likes to keep to himself.
George doesn’t mix much; he likes to keep to himself.
George encouraged Ellie to study hard again.
George failed in business.
George felt the train begin to move.
George found a treasure map in an old chest in the attic.
George had a lot of cheese for breakfast.
George has an incredibly large Adam's apple.
George has an incredibly large Adam’s apple.
George has lived there for six weeks.
George has made his position clear.
George has two cousins; one lives in Germany and the other in Switzerland.
George helped Mark put away his ex-girlfriend.
George here wants you to take a little trip over to Philly with him.
George hit him in the stomach.
George is Lebanese.
George is an outstanding student.
George is as tall as his father.
George is at the club today.
George is captain of our team.
George is five years older than I am.
George is five years older than me.
George is five years senior to me.
George is my only foreign friend.
George is not serious about his study.
George is poor, but always happy.
George is poor, but he's always happy.
George is poor, but he’s always happy.
George is quite talkative.
George is reluctant to take on that difficult job.
George is the captain of our team.
George is the most diligent boy in our class.
George is very enthusiastic about his new job.
George is very honest by nature.
George married my brother.
George married my sister.
George put a chain on the dog.
George reached his goal of traveling to America.
George seems a good boy.
George seems to be a good boy.
George sent me a birthday card.
George set up as a merchant.
George took up the problem of racialism.
George was always my favorite.
George was at the club yesterday.
George was broken-hearted.
George was describing a 30 pound bass he'd caught recently after fighting it for three hours.
George was describing a 30 pound bass he’d caught recently after fighting it for three hours.
George was extremely kinky in bed.
George was laid off when his company cut back production last year.
George was livid!
George was so tired out by the fight that he laid down to sleep with his head in the princess's lap, and she parted his hair with her hands and saw the star on his brow.
George was so tired that his doctor advised him to take better care of himself.
George was the high sport of the evening.
George was the highlight of the evening.
George was tricked into buying the land.
George weighs at least 70 kilograms.
George weighs not less than 70 kilograms.
George will come for sure.
George will definitely come.
George works on a big farm.
George's heart was broken.
George's sister buttered a few sandwiches for me.
George's sister made me a few sandwiches.
George's sister made me some sandwiches.
George's sister made some sandwiches for me.
George, I have something to tell you. You have a mother, don't you?
George, if you are not listening to the radio then turn it off.
George, if you are not listening to the radio, turn it off.
Georges Koehler was awarded the Nobel prize for medicine in 1984.
Georges Lemaitre, a Belgian astrophysicist and Catholic priest, came to be known as the "Father of the Big Bang".
Georges Perec wrote a novel without ever using the letter "e" in it.
Georges didn't meet a living soul there.
Georgetown University’s board of directors announced this month that it will end its investments in coal, oil and gas companies within 10 years.
Georgetown is the capital of Guyana.
George W. Bush is an American terrorist and war criminal.
George W. Bush is guilty of 269 war crimes.
George W. Bush is guilty of two hundred and sixty-nine war crimes.
George W. Bush is one of the greatest war criminals in human history.
George’s sister made me some sandwiches.
Georgia applied to join the European Union.
Georgia can see a cat.
Georgia is called "Sakartvelo" in Georgian.
Georgia is his native country.
Georgia is his native state.
Georgia is seeking to develop its Black Sea ports to further facilitate East-West trade.
Georgia was absorbed into the Russian Empire in the 19th century.
Georgian is probably one of the most difficult languages in the world.
Georgian seems to be a very peculiar language. It must be difficult to learn it.
Georgia’s president admitted his party’s defeat in the elections.
Georgie lives with me.
Georgina bit her lips until they bled.
Geppei is a Chinese pastry.
Geppetto did not have a penny in his pocket, so he made his son a little suit of flowered paper, a pair of shoes from the bark of a tree, and a tiny cap from a bit of dough.
Geppetto had a very bad temper. Woe to the one who called him Polendina! He became as wild as a beast and no one could soothe him.
Gerald's confidence was not so easily shaken.
Geraldine Ferraro died on March 26, 2011 at the age of 75.
Geralt is a witcher.
Geraniums bloomed in flower boxes under the windows of the house.
Gerard contracted a freelance translator to localize his software.
Gerard wants to localize his game into many different languages, but he doesn't know where to start.
Gerardo plans to move back in with his mother and sister.
Gerda disappeared!
Gerda was glad to be on dry land again, although she was a little afraid of the strange old lady.
Gerda was obliged to rest again, and just opposite the place where she sat, she saw a great crow come hopping across the snow toward her.
Gerda, dear little Gerda, where have you been all this time, and where have I been?
Gerhard Schroeder is the first German chancellor not to have lived through World War II.
Geriatric millennials often identify more closely with the traits of Generation X than with those of their own generation.
Germaine was born in Marseille in 1900.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel announced Wednesday the German soccer league Bundesliga can resume playing later this month.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel announced on Wednesday that the Bundesliga can resume playing later this month.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel congratulated the new U.S. president-elect and his running mate on their projected election victory.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has declared that all Syrian migrants will be allowed to come to Germany and ask for asylum there.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Friday she expects managing the COVID-19 pandemic will become more difficult as the year progresses.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Friday she expects managing the COVOD-19 pandemic will become more difficult as the year progresses.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Tuesday she is asking Parliament for temporary powers that would allow her federal government to implement nationwide coronavirus lockdowns to curb a third wave of the pandemic in the country.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said economic growth is a prerequisite for creating new jobs.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said that the world must keep a close eye on climate protection.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel wants all resorts across Europe closed during Christmas.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel's spokeswoman, Martina Fietz, said an agreement has been reached and Germany hopes it will soon be signed, just like similar accords between Spain and Greece.
German Health Minister Jens Spahn said Thursday the nation has vaccinated millions more people than previously thought, thanks to some unreported vaccination numbers discovered by the Robert Koch Institute for Disease Control.
German Jews aren't related to German Christians.
German Jews pronounced holam like in German Frau.
German Labour Minister Hubertus Heil (R) wears a face mask as he talks to staff during his visit at the restaurant "Funky Fish" in Berlin, Germany, May 19, 2020.
German Shepherds are good at sniffing out drugs.
German Shepherds have beautiful bushy tails.
German Shepherds tend to be loyal.
German agriculture minister Julia Klöckner said on German television that a clearer view of the national picture was needed and that the government would await her ministry's own harvest report in late August.
German and Israeli researchers showed that the memories of aging mice became nearly as sharp as those of young, two-month-old rodents when the older animals were given low doses of the marijuana compound known as THC.
German and Japanese government bonds offer negative interest rates.
German and Spanish were scarcely ever taught; indeed, the former was regarded as quite outside the list of learnable tongues.
German and Yiddish both descend from Middle High German, much like English and Scots both descend from Middle English.
German authorities say that the auction house in the Bavarian city of Munich has agreed to return them to their owners at Italy's request.
German banks are among Europe's most troubled.
German cardinals and other prelates met Thursday to discuss possible access to the Eucharist for non-Catholic spouses.
German cars are among the best.
German cars are very popular.
German classes are held twice a week - on Mondays and Wednesdays.
German classes are no longer held on Mondays from 8 a.m. to 9 a.m., but on Wednesdays from 3 p.m. to 4 p.m.
German climate activist Luisa Neubauer told the crowd, “We're here because we know that climate justice is possible as long as we keep fighting for it. That's why we're here today.”
German doesn't play a role in science anymore today.
German engineer Otto Lilienthal studied aerodynamics and worked to design a glider that would fly. He was the first person to design a glider that could fly a person and was able to fly long distances.
German farmers intensified calls for around 1 billion euros in special aid on Tuesday after crop damage from a drought and heatwave.
German forces attacked British soldiers near Amiens, France.
German guys are said to be shy.
German has a gender system. Every noun has a gender: masculine, feminine, or neuter.
German has a word for everything.
German has more words for snow than many other languages.
German has over 100 million speakers and it is the official language in Germany and Austria.
German is Lichtenstein's official language.
German is a Germanic language.
German is a beautiful and inspiring language. It has a rich sound to it. And songs in German are lovely.
German is a beautiful language.
German is a fascinating language.
German is a language; Swabian is perfection!
German is a multicentric language.
German is a pluricentric language.
German is a synthetic language.
German is a very interesting language.
German is difficult.
German is not an easy language.
German is not as difficult as Icelandic.
German is not only spoken in Germany.
German is sometimes called Goethe’s language.
German is spoken in Germany.
German is the best language in the world.
German is the most widely spoken native language in the European Union.
German is the only world language that capitalizes all nouns.
German kids love chips with ketchup.
German kids love chips with tomato sauce.
German men are sexist.
German men don't know how to flirt.
German men go to the hairdresser more often than German women.
German people often know how to speak German.
German philosopher Immanuel Kant wrote three Critiques. That's Critique of Pure Reason, Critique of Practical Reason and Critique of Judgment.
German pianist Davide Martello has visited numerous conflict zones in recent years, towing a grand piano behind his bicycle on a powered trailer, a white "peace" sign painted on its lid.
German place names ending in -ow tend to be of Slavic origin.
German police and museum officials reported Wednesday that vandals have damaged more than 70 artworks and artifacts at some of Berlin's most renowned museums.
German punctuation is pedantic, English punctuation is chaotic, and for Esperanto Dr. Zamenhof suggested we look towards our mother tongue as a guideline. Go figure!
German restaurants do not automatically serve water.
German shepherds tend to be loyal.
German soldiers marched through France.
German spelling was standardised for the first time in nineteen hundred and one.
German syntax is absolutely rigorous.
German trauma surgeons recommend that people walk like penguins to avoid slipping on ice.
German troops were sent into the Rhineland region.
German virologists—working with the country’s public and private sectors—were able to respond rapidly in January to the looming threat of coronavirus by developing one of the first reliable methods for COVID-19 testing.
German was not taught at the secondary school Tom attended.
German winters are cold.
German winters are colder than Italian ones.
German, Dutch, Norwegian and English are Germanic languages.
German, Swedish, Norwegian, Danish and Dutch are Germanic languages.
Germania is a cold land.
Germanic languages are so beautiful.
Germanium is named after Germany, where it was discovered.
Germanium was found in a mineral called argyrodite.
Germans are a coffee-drinking people.
Germans are a frugal people.
Germans are generally very friendly.
Germans are generally very polite.
Germans are not willing to produce nuclear energy, but are not against using that of their neighbouring countries.
Germans are perfectionists.
Germans are punctual.
Germans are said to be hardworking.
Germans are very environmentally conscious.
Germans certainly still have the heart to look for fresh English words for German equivalents.
Germans desperately need Russian gas to heat their homes.
Germans have a hard time pronouncing the word "squirrel".
Germans have a more relaxed attitude towards nudity.
Germans have been warned not to eat cucumbers.
Germans have no sense of humor? I don't find that funny.
Germans have no sense of humor? I don’t find that funny.
Germans have no sense of humour? I don't find that funny!
Germans have no sense of humour? I don’t find that funny!
Germans have the same number of words for meetings as Eskimos have for snow.
Germans like moderation in everything.
Germans love beer and sausages.
Germans mustn't help them.
Germans show an enormous commitment to the European Union and its institutions.
Germans value a strong social welfare state.
Germany adjoins Holland.
Germany adjoins the Netherlands.
Germany adopted a social security system in the 1880's.
Germany adopted a social security system in the 1880’s.
Germany and Italy have already said they are preparing to extend their vaccination campaign to youths ages 12-15.
Germany and Japan were defeated.
Germany and Norway on Thursday officially launched an undersea power cable between the two countries in a project that aids Europe’s effort to shift from fossil fuels to renewable energy.
Germany and Russia should remain friends forever.
Germany and The Netherlands play each other today. Kick-off is at 2.30 p.m.
Germany and the Soviet Union invaded Poland in 1939.
Germany annexed the island in 1888.
Germany announced, after consultations with its neighbors, the opening of its borders with France, Luxembourg, Switzerland and Austria.
Germany borders France.
Germany borders nine European neighbours.
Germany borders nine neighbouring European countries.
Germany borders on France.
Germany borders the Netherlands.
Germany brought forth many scientists.
Germany can serve as an example.
Germany can't say no to the US.
Germany colonized Namibia.
Germany combines modern and medieval.
Germany committed a genocide in Namibia.
Germany decided to not use any more nuclear energy.
Germany declared war on Poland.
Germany did not even make it out of the group stage.
Germany did not want war with the United States.
Germany doesn't have referenda. Democracy comes from above. Switzerland is different.
Germany entered into an alliance with Italy.
Germany experienced hyperinflation in 1923.
Germany faced possible starvation.
Germany has a great financial capacity.
Germany has accepted a lot of war refugees.
Germany has good football players.
Germany has no minimum wage.
Germany has only been around since 1871.
Germany has produced many scientists.
Germany has two capital cities.
Germany has won every Olympic dressage team gold since 1984, except for 2012.
Germany has won the 2014 FIFA World Cup!
Germany is Europe's largest and most prosperous economy.
Germany is a big country.
Germany is a cold country.
Germany is a collective amusement park.
Germany is a country full of contrasts.
Germany is a country of contrasts.
Germany is a federal republic.
Germany is a federal state.
Germany is a free country.
Germany is a locomotive of growth for Europe.
Germany is a parliamentary democracy.
Germany is a parliamentary republic.
Germany is a union of fools.
Germany is about half the size of Texas.
Germany is about the same size as Japan.
Germany is about twice the size of Uruguay.
Germany is also facing disrupted harvests and fears crops will rot in the fields.
Germany is an anchor of stability for Europe.
Germany is an enlightened leader in the global battle to reduce CO₂ emissions, a pioneer in renewable energy and community power projects and a champion of energy efficiency.
Germany is at the heart of Europe.
Germany is banning travel from its Czech border regions and Austria’s Tyrol because of an alarming COVID surge in the two locations.
Germany is beautiful.
Germany is buying expensive liquefied gas from the US and Saudi Arabia.
Germany is called "Almanya" in Arabic.
Germany is called "Deutschland" in German.
Germany is called "Lalman" in Berber.
Germany is culturally very Americanized.
Germany is currently one of 10 non-permanent members of the UN Security Council.
Germany is debating how to integrate the more than 1.1 million refugees who arrived in the country in the past 12 months.
Germany is dependent on Russian energy exports.
Germany is expecting about 1.5 million asylum seekers this year.
Germany is famous for its beer.
Germany is gearing up to become the world's third largest military spender.
Germany is going to reactivate its coal plants.
Germany is in Central Europe.
Germany is in the heart of Europe.
Germany is in the middle of Europe.
Germany is in the process of loosening some social and economic restrictions it put in place in March to control the spread of the coronavirus.
Germany is introducing temporary border controls with Austria to reduce the number of migrants coming into the country.
Germany is introducing temporary border controls with Austria.
Germany is known as a land of poets and philosophers.
Germany is known for being the country of poets and thinkers.
Germany is leaving the fossil-nuclear age behind.
Germany is like my second home.
Germany is located in Central Europe.
Germany is made up of sixteen Länder.
Germany is my second home.
Germany is not a sunny country.
Germany is not only beautiful, it's also rich.
Germany is not ruled by the law of the jungle, but by the rule of law.
Germany is one of Europe's most beautiful countries.
Germany is one of the largest cheese producers in the world.
Germany is preparing for a "traffic light" coalition.
Germany is preparing to bid farewell to Chancellor Angela Merkel, who is stepping down after elections scheduled for Sunday.
Germany is sending its Leopard tanks to Ukraine.
Germany is sending weapons to Ukraine.
Germany is testing about 25,000 patients a day.
Germany is the country I like.
Germany is the country with the most Turkish residents after Turkey.
Germany is the engine of the European economy.
Germany is the first country to qualify for the 2022 FIFA World Cup football tournament in Qatar after booking its place with a 4‒0 win against host North Macedonia.
Germany is the global leader in this industry.
Germany is the only country in which the Schlager singers look like their songs.
Germany is the playfield of international intelligence agencies.
Germany is the world export champion.
Germany is to ban employers from snooping on Facebook.
Germany is very different from Algeria.
Germany isn't Kurdistan.
Germany lies at the heart of Europe.
Germany lies between France and Poland.
Germany lies in the heart of Europe.
Germany lost the war.
Germany made an alliance with Italy.
Germany no longer had to fight an enemy on two fronts.
Germany of today is not what it was ten years ago.
Germany outright bans any speech that overtly promotes racism or insults a certain segment of the population.
Germany produced many scientists.
Germany receives money from the US.
Germany reported its first two deaths from the coronavirus.
Germany says thanks.
Germany sent a plane to rescue German tourists who were stranded in Nepal.
Germany shares a border with France.
Germany shares a border with the Netherlands.
Germany should apologize to Namibia.
Germany then had a powerful army.
Germany today is different; not just white people speak German.
Germany wanted Russia to stay out of the war.
Germany was allied with Italy in World War II.
Germany was divided into occupation zones.
Germany was eliminated by South Korea.
Germany was forced to sign a humiliating treaty.
Germany was hit hard by the financial crisis.
Germany was once allied with Italy.
Germany was once an ally of Italy.
Germany was split in two.
Germany was winning on the battlefield.
Germany will need to find 300,000 seasonal workers.
Germany will provide Ukrainians with training for its advanced tanks.
Germany will put an end to nuclear energy in 2022.
Germany will send advanced tanks to Ukraine and allow other NATO members to send German tanks to that country.
Germany won the 2014 World Cup.
Germany won't cut ties with Russia to please Washington.
Germany's ambassador to the United Nations criticized the world body’s members on Thursday for their unwillingness to go forward with a reform that would allow his country a permanent seat in the Security Council.
Germany's coronavirus situation is so grave that a lockdown, including for the vaccinated, cannot be ruled out, German Health Minister Jens Spahn said Friday.
Germany's decision to send its advanced tanks to Ukraine takes the world closer to a third world war.
Germany's future is in good hands.
Germany's genocide against the Herero is documented.
Germany's genocide in Namibia is well documented.
Germany's leaders were losing hope.
Germany's lower house of Parliament—the Bundestag—approved an $814 billion aid package Wednesday to cushion the economy from the direct impact of the coronavirus outbreak.
Germany's minimum wage is 8.50 euros an hour.
Germany's winters are colder than Italy's.
Germany, another hard-hit country, was trying to increase the number of intensive care beds, which now total 28,000, by establishing temporary hospitals in hotels, rehabilitation clinics and other facilities.
Germany, the land of poets and thinkers—so it once was.
Germany, which counts on China as a major importer of its manufactured goods, saw its economy shrink in the second quarter of the year.
Germany’s Greens are becoming more confident and say no future ruling coalition will likely be formed in Berlin without their participation.
Germany’s acting health minister, Jens Spahn, warned Friday the latest surge of COVID-19 infections in the country is serious, saying if nothing is done, the rate of new cases could keep doubling every two weeks.
Germany’s leaders were losing hope.
Germany’s national public health institute is urging the public to stay disciplined.
Germs are too tiny for our eyes to see.
Germs are visible only under the microscope.
Germs can cause sickness.
Germs can only be seen with the aid of a microscope.
Germs! Don't shake my hand!
Gerontocracy, that is, government by the aged, is the most ancient form of government.
Gerunds are very funny.
Gestural language had, however, serious limitations, since it could not be used in the dark or at distance.
Gesture is another way of communication.
Gestures are not used by them.
Gestures are very important in human communication.
Gestures can convey meaning as well as words can.
Gestures can convey meaning as well as words.
Gesundheit!
Get 'em before they get you!
Get Mary whatever she wants.
Get OK with yourself and the right person will come along.
Get Tom a cup of coffee.
Get Tom a drink.
Get Tom away from here.
Get Tom away from me.
Get Tom back here.
Get Tom down here.
Get Tom here.
Get Tom here. We need him here.
Get Tom here. We need his help.
Get Tom home now.
Get Tom in here.
Get Tom on it.
Get Tom on the phone.
Get Tom out of here.
Get Tom out of my sight.
Get Tom out of there.
Get Tom out of your head, please.
Get Tom out of your head.
Get Tom over here right away.
Get Tom over here.
Get Tom some food.
Get Tom some water.
Get Tom something to drink.
Get Tom something to eat.
Get Tom talking.
Get Tom to call me.
Get Tom to help you.
Get Tom to leave.
Get Tom to show you that.
Get Tom whatever he wants.
Get Tom's advice.
Get Tom's attention.
Get Tom.
Get Unlimited Space Now!
Get Yanni off my back.
Get Ziri on your show.
Get a bag.
Get a bagel.
Get a ball.
Get a bat.
Get a beer.
Get a belt.
Get a bicycle. You will not regret it, if you live.
Get a bit of exercise!
Get a bit of exercise.
Get a boat.
Get a book.
Get a bowl.
Get a box.
Get a broom.
Get a bus.
Get a cab home.
Get a cab.
Get a cap.
Get a car.
Get a cart.
Get a case of beer.
Get a cat! Don't expect affection from other human beings!
Get a cat.
Get a chair for Tom, would you?
Get a chair.
Get a closeup of this.
Get a coat.
Get a cop.
Get a crowbar.
Get a cup.
Get a decent job.
Get a degree.
Get a doctor in here.
Get a doctor.
Get a dog.
Get a donut.
Get a drink.
Get a fan.
Get a few hours sleep.
Get a few.
Get a flu shot.
Get a fork.
Get a glass of wine in you and you'll be a poet.
Get a glass.
Get a good night's sleep for optimal productivity.
Get a good night's sleep if you can.
Get a good night's sleep.
Get a good rest!
Get a good start by observing carefully.
Get a grip on yourself!
Get a grip on yourself.
Get a grip!
Get a grip, Tom.
Get a grip.
Get a haircut.
Get a hammer and nails.
Get a hammer.
Get a hat.
Get a hatchet.
Get a hold of yourself, Tom.
Get a hold of yourself.
Get a job and take care of Sami's bills.
Get a job so you can support your wife and kids.
Get a job!
Get a job, loser.
Get a job, you hippie!
Get a job, you moocher!
Get a job.
Get a kiwi.
Get a knife.
Get a ladder.
Get a lantern.
Get a life!
Get a life, Tom.
Get a life, man.
Get a life.
Get a little sleep.
Get a load of this.
Get a map.
Get a message to Tom.
Get a mop.
Get a move on kids or you'll miss the school bus.
Get a move on kids or you’ll miss the school bus.
Get a move on!
Get a move on, all of you.
Get a move on, people.
Get a move on.
Get a mug.
Get a net.
Get a new phone.
Get a number over there.
Get a nurse.
Get a pan.
Get a pen and paper.
Get a pen.
Get a pet.
Get a picture of this.
Get a pin.
Get a pizza.
Get a plate and help yourself.
Get a plumber to cut a section of lead pipe about as long as the jaws of the vise, and have the piece of pipe split and flattened.
Get a rag.
Get a real job.
Get a receipt.
Get a room already!
Get a room!
Get a room, you two.
Get a room.
Get a rope.
Get a saw.
Get a shot of this.
Get a shovel.
Get a sink plunger.
Get a snack.
Get a spoon.
Get a tan.
Get a taxi to the hotel.
Get a taxi.
Get a ticket for me.
Get a towel.
Get a tray.
Get a universal adapter.
Get a vase for these flowers.
Get a weapon.
Get a wriggle on.
Get all the papers.
Get all these people inside the cave.
Get all this garbage out of here.
Get all those naive ideas out of your head.
Get along with you!
Get an early night.
Get an egg from the fridge.
Get an egg from the refrigerator.
Get another chair.
Get another drink.
Get any train from platform 5.
Get at least 7 hours of sleep a day.
Get at least seven hours of sleep every day.
Get away and don't come back.
Get away from Tom and me.
Get away from Tom.
Get away from her!
Get away from her.
Get away from here!
Get away from here.
Get away from him!
Get away from him.
Get away from it all!
Get away from it.
Get away from me now.
Get away from me!
Get away from me! I'm not going anywhere with you!
Get away from me, you creep!
Get away from me.
Get away from me. I mean it.
Get away from my car.
Get away from my husband.
Get away from my son.
Get away from places where they talk too loud or too low.
Get away from that door.
Get away from that.
Get away from the fire.
Get away from the railing.
Get away from the screen and have fun.
Get away from the window.
Get away from them.
Get away from there.
Get away from this city.
Get away from those stairs.
Get away!
Get away.
Get back at me when you think you've answered life's puzzling mystery.
Get back at me when you've uncovered life's biggest mysteries.
Get back before midnight or you will be locked out.
Get back before midnight or you'll be locked out.
Get back before midnight, or you will be locked out.
Get back here and fight.
Get back here as soon as you can.
Get back here immediately.
Get back here now.
Get back here!
Get back here, you little shit!
Get back here.
Get back in bed.
Get back in line.
Get back in the car.
Get back in the house.
Get back in the van.
Get back in there.
Get back in your car.
Get back inside.
Get back into your car.
Get back on the track.
Get back on this road.
Get back on your horse.
Get back out here.
Get back out there.
Get back to the lab.
Get back to the middle.
Get back to the ship.
Get back to where you belong.
Get back to where you started.
Get back to work right away.
Get back to work!
Get back to work, all of you.
Get back to work, you bums.
Get back to work, you lazy bum!
Get back to work.
Get back to your places.
Get back to your post.
Get back to your quarters.
Get back up there.
Get back!
Get back, get back!
Get back.
Get behind me.
Get both a phone and internet access in a single package!
Get busy harnessing every marketing vehicle you currently use to the nth degree and make sure you leave no stone unturned.
Get busy living or get busy dying.
Get busy.
Get cancer!
Get changed.
Get close to God.
Get closer and you can see better.
Get closer and you'll be able to see better.
Get closer to God.
Get comfortable.
Get control of yourself.
Get cozy and drift off to sleep.
Get cozy and listen to this.
Get cracking!
Get creative and use what you have.
Get down a peg or two!
Get down and dig in.
Get down and stay down.
Get down from my roof.
Get down from that ladder.
Get down from that tree!
Get down from there immediately.
Get down from there!
Get down from there.
Get down from your horse.
Get down here!
Get down off your cross.
Get down on all fours.
Get down on the dance floor.
Get down on the floor!
Get down on the ground.
Get down on your knees and beg for mercy.
Get down on your knees and unzip my pants.
Get down to work seriously.
Get down to your work straight away.
Get down!
Get down.
Get dressed and come downstairs.
Get dressed and fix your face.
Get dressed and meet me in the lobby.
Get dressed as quickly as you can. We got to get out of here.
Get dressed faster.
Get dressed quickly and come with me.
Get dressed quickly and come.
Get dressed quickly and follow me.
Get dressed quickly.
Get dressed!
Get dressed.
Get enough rest.
Get enough sleep for muscle recovery.
Get enough sleep.
Get everybody downstairs.
Get everybody involved.
Get everybody out.
Get everyone inside.
Get everyone involved.
Get everyone out of here.
Get everyone together!
Get everything.
Get fit fast.
Get fresh towels and bring them over here.
Get fucked in the ass!
Get fucked!
Get fuller, sexier, more malignant lips today!
Get funky!
Get going!
Get going, then! It won't sort itself out!
Get going.
Get help from an expert.
Get her away from here.
Get her away from me.
Get her back here.
Get her down here.
Get her in here.
Get her off my hands.
Get her on it.
Get her on the phone.
Get her out of here!
Get her out of here.
Get her out of my sight.
Get her out of there.
Get her over here right away.
Get her over here.
Get her some food.
Get her some water.
Get her something to drink.
Get her something to eat.
Get her to call me.
Get her to help you.
Get her to show you that.
Get her.
Get here as early as possible.
Get here as fast as you can.
Get here as quickly as possible.
Get here as quickly as you can.
Get here as soon as possible.
Get here as soon as you can.
Get here early.
Get him away from here.
Get him away from me.
Get him back here.
Get him down here.
Get him in here.
Get him in the car!
Get him off my hands.
Get him on it.
Get him on the phone.
Get him out of here!
Get him out of here.
Get him out of my sight.
Get him out of there!
Get him out of there.
Get him out. Try not to hurt him. If you do, I'll defend you in court. Don't worry about it.
Get him over here right away.
Get him over here.
Get him some food.
Get him some water.
Get him something to drink!
Get him something to drink.
Get him something to eat.
Get him talking.
Get him to call me.
Get him to help you with the work.
Get him to help you.
Get him to show you that.
Get him up on that horse.
Get him up to speed on the state of things.
Get him used to it, then take him away, he'll be an enemy.
Get him!
Get him.
Get his glove off carefully. He's smashed his fingers between the snowmobile and a tree.
Get hold of the rail just in case.
Get home as soon as you can.
Get home safely.
Get in and drive.
Get in here on the double.
Get in here quick.
Get in here right away.
Get in here!
Get in here, Tom.
Get in here.
Get in line!
Get in line, weirdo.
Get in line.
Get in my car.
Get in position.
Get in shape.
Get in that hole.
Get in the Jeep.
Get in the back seat.
Get in the bathroom.
Get in the boat.
Get in the car and lock the doors.
Get in the car immediately.
Get in the car now.
Get in the car quick.
Get in the car quickly.
Get in the car!
Get in the car! Now!
Get in the car, babe. We're driving to Madagascar.
Get in the car, babe. We’re driving to Madagascar.
Get in the car, loser! We're going shopping.
Get in the car, please.
Get in the car, quick!
Get in the car.
Get in the car. You're taking me there.
Get in the front seat.
Get in the habit of thinking for yourself.
Get in the queue.
Get in the suitcase.
Get in the truck.
Get in the van, everybody.
Get in the van.
Get in touch if you need our help again.
Get in touch if you're wondering about anything.
Get in touch via email or on Discourse, submit feedback through GitHub, or join us on Slack.
Get in touch with Tom and let me know his answer.
Get in touch with Tom.
Get in touch with her.
Get in touch with him.
Get in touch with me as soon as you arrive here.
Get in touch with me tomorrow.
Get in touch with me.
Get in touch with the feelings in your body.
Get in touch with them.
Get in touch with your agent right away.
Get in touch with your parents immediately.
Get in your places.
Get in!
Get in, loser. We're going shopping.
Get in.
Get in. I want to show you something.
Get in. I'll drive you home.
Get in. I'll drive you somewhere.
Get in. I'll give you a ride.
Get in. It's cold outside.
Get information from her.
Get informed!
Get informed.
Get inside and lock your doors! Close your windows! There is something in the fog!
Get inside.
Get into bed, it's cold.
Get into position.
Get into the boat, please.
Get into the car and wait for me.
Get into the car! Now!
Get into the car.
Get into the habit of thinking for yourself.
Get into the raft.
Get into your car.
Get into your pajamas.
Get into your room and stay there until I arrive.
Get involved.
Get it and put it on the fire.
Get it away from me.
Get it back.
Get it cold.
Get it done as soon as possible.
Get it done during your stay.
Get it for me.
Get it for us.
Get it into your head.
Get it off your chest.
Get it out of here.
Get it out of the house.
Get it out of there.
Get it out of your mind!
Get it out quickly!
Get it out!
Get it ready at once.
Get it right!
Get it settled once and for all.
Get it through your head that I will never love you.
Get it through your head.
Get it together!
Get it together, Tom.
Get it!
Get it, and put it on the fire.
Get it?
Get it? You've got to study a foreign language.
Get it? You’ve got to study a foreign language.
Get laid with me.
Get loose.
Get lost!
Get lost, Tom.
Get lost, Ziri.
Get lost, got it?
Get lost, kid!
Get lost, stupid jerk!
Get lost, then.
Get lost, you creep.
Get lost.
Get lost. I don't want to see your face again.
Get married already!
Get married and start a family.
Get married close to home and go far away to steal.
Get me Tom on the phone.
Get me a beer from the fridge.
Get me a beer.
Get me a bottle of beer.
Get me a chair, please.
Get me a coffee too.
Get me a crepe from there.
Get me a cup of coffee.
Get me a defibrillator.
Get me a doctor.
Get me a drink.
Get me a fire extinguisher.
Get me a glass of milk.
Get me a glass of water, please.
Get me a glass of water.
Get me a hammer.
Get me a lawyer.
Get me a lemonade.
Get me a microphone.
Get me a pillow.
Get me a pitcher's glove.
Get me a rag.
Get me a sheet of paper, will you?
Get me a slice of pie, too.
Get me a ticket, please.
Get me a towel.
Get me a tube of toothpaste while you're at the store.
Get me all the information you can on this matter.
Get me an ambulance.
Get me an extra blanket.
Get me another beer.
Get me another doctor.
Get me another lawyer.
Get me any information you can about Tom.
Get me my food.
Get me my glasses.
Get me my pills.
Get me off this flight.
Get me one in size "M", please.
Get me out of here now.
Get me out of here.
Get me out of this place!
Get me out of this.
Get me some bread rolls.
Get me some coffee.
Get me some food.
Get me some hot sauce.
Get me some ice cubes.
Get me some ice.
Get me some more couscous.
Get me some paper.
Get me some pencils.
Get me some towels from the bathroom.
Get me some water.
Get me some wine.
Get me some, too.
Get me something to drink, please.
Get me something to drink.
Get me something to eat, will you, Tom?
Get me something to eat.
Get me the details.
Get me the evidence.
Get me the key.
Get me the newspaper.
Get me the number of this young girl.
Get me the scissors, please.
Get me up at eight.
Get meat.
Get messed up with them and never mind shivs they’re probably packing heat.
Get milk.
Get motivated to study English.
Get moving first thing in the morning.
Get moving!
Get moving.
Get my drift?
Get my horse ready at once!
Get my magnifying glass.
Get my rifle.
Get my tool box.
Get off at Himeji Station.
Get off at the eighth stop.
Get off at the last station.
Get off at the last stop.
Get off at the next station.
Get off at the next stop and get a bus to the airport.
Get off at the next stop and take a bus headed to the airport.
Get off at the next stop.
Get off his back!
Get off his back.
Get off me you little pest!
Get off me!
Get off me! You're so annoying!
Get off me, you creep!
Get off me, you little pig!
Get off me, you sicko!
Get off me.
Get off me. Don't touch me.
Get off my back about my personal life!
Get off my back!
Get off my back, Ziri.
Get off my back.
Get off my car.
Get off my cat, fairy.
Get off my land.
Get off my lawn!
Get off my lawn, you crazy kids!
Get off my lawn, you dang kids!
Get off my lawn, you young whippersnapper!
Get off my lawn.
Get off my planet, you Martian scum!
Get off my planet, you damn Martian.
Get off my porch.
Get off my property now.
Get off my property.
Get off my roof.
Get off my tail.
Get off of Tom.
Get off of autopilot.
Get off of her.
Get off of him.
Get off of me.
Get off of my husband.
Get off of my man.
Get off of my roof.
Get off of there!
Get off that phone!
Get off that phone.
Get off the Internet.
Get off the golf course.
Get off the internet and take a shower.
Get off the ladder!
Get off the lawn!
Get off the lawn.
Get off the loo! I need to go!
Get off the phone and start dinner.
Get off the phone.
Get off the ride.
Get off the road.
Get off the stage!
Get off the stage.
Get off the train at the next station.
Get off the train immediately.
Get off the truck.
Get off this ship right now.
Get off to a flying start.
Get off your ass and get busy for once in your life.
Get off your ass and go for it!
Get off your butt and do something!
Get off your cross.
Get off your fanny and do something!
Get off your fanny!
Get off your high horse, Tom.
Get off your high horse.
Get off your horse.
Get off your lazy ass, Tom!
Get off your pulpit.
Get off your soapbox, Tom.
Get off your soapbox.
Get off your tush!
Get off.
Get okay with yourself and the right person will come along.
Get on a horse.
Get on in here.
Get on it.
Get on my karma train.
Get on over here.
Get on over there and help them.
Get on the boat.
Get on the bus bound for Badstraße, and get off at Seestraße.
Get on the bus in turn.
Get on the bus one by one.
Get on the bus.
Get on the cat.
Get on the dance floor already.
Get on the dance floor.
Get on the floor.
Get on the freeway.
Get on the horse immediately!
Get on the horse.
Get on the plane.
Get on the scales.
Get on the stretcher.
Get on the tube here.
Get on the underground here.
Get on top of me.
Get on with it, Tom.
Get on with it.
Get on with your duties.
Get on your bike.
Get on your feet.
Get on your horse and leave.
Get on your horse.
Get on your horses.
Get on your knees and blow me.
Get on your knees and suck it.
Get on your knees and suck me off.
Get on your knees and suck my dick.
Get on your knees.
Get on!
Get one step closer to me, and I'll make you a gone man before you know it and before you see it coming.
Get organized.
Get out and have good clean fun once in a while.
Get out and leave me alone!
Get out and stay out.
Get out and try new things.
Get out before I throw you out.
Get out before your mom sees us.
Get out from wherever you are.
Get out here, fast!
Get out here, fast! The guards are coming.
Get out if you can.
Get out immediately.
Get out in the courtyard.
Get out of Palestine!
Get out of bed and get dressed.
Get out of bed!
Get out of bed.
Get out of here and don't ever come back!
Get out of here and never come back!
Get out of here as soon as possible.
Get out of here before I call the cops.
Get out of here before I lose my temper.
Get out of here before I punch you.
Get out of here before I throw you out!
Get out of here before Tom finds you.
Get out of here before Tom hits you.
Get out of here before they kill you.
Get out of here immediately!
Get out of here now!
Get out of here now.
Get out of here on the double.
Get out of here or I'll call the gendarmerie.
Get out of here or I'll call the police.
Get out of here quickly!
Get out of here quickly.
Get out of here right away.
Get out of here right now.
Get out of here while you can.
Get out of here with that cigarette!
Get out of here!
Get out of here! All of you!
Get out of here! I'll do it myself.
Get out of here! We don't need more people who will make us waste time.
Get out of here, I'm in the shower!
Get out of here, Tom.
Get out of here, Ziri.
Get out of here, all of you!
Get out of here, and quickly.
Get out of here, fast!
Get out of here, now!
Get out of here, you dog!
Get out of here, you fatty!
Get out of here, you jerk!
Get out of here, you motherfucker!
Get out of here, you mutt.
Get out of here.
Get out of here. I don't want to see you again.
Get out of here. I don't want to see you anymore!
Get out of here. I need some peace and quiet.
Get out of here. You, too, Tom.
Get out of my apartment.
Get out of my bed before I kill you.
Get out of my bed!
Get out of my bed.
Get out of my car now!
Get out of my car.
Get out of my chair.
Get out of my class.
Get out of my country.
Get out of my face, Tom.
Get out of my face, Ziri.
Get out of my face.
Get out of my head! Get out!
Get out of my house and never come back.
Get out of my house!
Get out of my house.
Get out of my kitchen!
Get out of my kitchen.
Get out of my life and don't ever come back!
Get out of my life and never return.
Get out of my life and stay out.
Get out of my life!
Get out of my life! I hate you.
Get out of my life, and don't come back.
Get out of my life, you cheating bastard!
Get out of my life, you piece of shit.
Get out of my life.
Get out of my life. I detest you.
Get out of my office!
Get out of my office.
Get out of my pool.
Get out of my room!
Get out of my room! Get out now!
Get out of my room, Tom!
Get out of my room, son of a bitch!
Get out of my room.
Get out of my seat.
Get out of my sight!
Get out of my sight.
Get out of my space.
Get out of my store.
Get out of my way now.
Get out of my way!
Get out of my way.
Get out of our house!
Get out of our house.
Get out of our sight!
Get out of our way.
Get out of that bed.
Get out of that cage at once.
Get out of that truck.
Get out of the barrel.
Get out of the bathroom once and for all!
Get out of the bathroom quickly. I'm getting cramps.
Get out of the bathroom, I need it.
Get out of the bathroom, I need to go.
Get out of the bitter barn and play in the hay.
Get out of the car now!
Get out of the car now.
Get out of the car.
Get out of the classroom.
Get out of the house.
Get out of the job you don't like.
Get out of the kitchen!
Get out of the kitchen.
Get out of the parking lot or I'll call the police for you.
Get out of the pool.
Get out of the room.
Get out of the shower!
Get out of the truck.
Get out of the van.
Get out of the water if you don't want to be on the shark's menu.
Get out of the water.
Get out of the water. Your lips are blue.
Get out of the way of the TV!
Get out of the way!
Get out of the way, I don't play against small fry.
Get out of the way, Yanni.
Get out of the way, please.
Get out of the way.
Get out of the way. You're blocking the TV.
Get out of there as soon as possible.
Get out of there immediately.
Get out of there now.
Get out of there or you're both gonna die.
Get out of there.
Get out of this car.
Get out of this house.
Get out of this room.
Get out of town.
Get out of your chair and help!
Get out of your comfort zone.
Get out or I'll kill you like a dog.
Get out or come in.
Get out or there is going to be hell to pay.
Get out the way ... they'll escape!
Get out the way ... they’ll escape!
Get out while you can.
Get out while you still can!
Get out your keys and open the door.
Get out your notebooks and pens.
Get out your notebooks.
Get out your wallet.
Get out!
Get out! And don't ever touch me again!
Get out! Don't come back!
Get out! Don't play here!
Get out! I don't want to talk to you anymore!
Get out! I don't want to talk to you!
Get out! This is the ladies' room!
Get out! We need to change!
Get out! You can't play here.
Get out, Tom.
Get out, Ziri.
Get out, or you will be sorry.
Get out, shabby! Why be so envious, you who are so old?
Get out.
Get outside right now.
Get outta here!
Get outta here, dumb-ass.
Get over here and be quick about it!
Get over here now.
Get over here right now, Tom.
Get over here, Tom.
Get over here.
Get over it.
Get over there, sit down, and shut up.
Get over there.
Get over what has been eating you up inside.
Get over yourself, Tom.
Get over yourself.
Get priority access by clicking the link.
Get pupils to read books that encourage them to think more.
Get quickly out of the room if he seems inclined to be violent. Don't wait to argue with him. Several people have been injured through doing that.
Get ratioed.
Get ready and let's go.
Get ready and let’s go!
Get ready for a shock.
Get ready for a strong scene.
Get ready for a surprise.
Get ready for bed.
Get ready for more.
Get ready for my new single that I'm going to release tonight!
Get ready for school.
Get ready for sleep.
Get ready for some action.
Get ready for the trip at once.
Get ready for the trip.
Get ready for the worst.
Get ready for work.
Get ready in advance.
Get ready quickly.
Get ready to be amazed.
Get ready to be happy.
Get ready to catch the rope!
Get ready to come with me to the field.
Get ready to do that right away.
Get ready to eat.
Get ready to fight.
Get ready to fire.
Get ready to go.
Get ready to leave.
Get ready to meet your worst nightmare, because I'm about to bring hell upon you.
Get ready to open the doors.
Get ready to party.
Get ready to run.
Get ready!
Get ready! Departure in five minutes!
Get ready! Tomorrow is the last day.
Get ready, it's time.
Get ready, we're leaving.
Get ready.
Get ready. I'm picking you up in half an hour.
Get ready. The school bus will be here in a few minutes.
Get real!
Get real, will you?
Get real.
Get regular exercise.
Get respect from your boss.
Get rich!
Get rid of Tom.
Get rid of all of it.
Get rid of all this junk.
Get rid of all this stuff as soon as possible.
Get rid of all this stuff.
Get rid of everything in that box.
Get rid of her.
Get rid of him!
Get rid of him.
Get rid of it.
Get rid of me, I can't take it any more!
Get rid of such stupid ideas!
Get rid of that box.
Get rid of that heap of old newspapers.
Get rid of that plant. It's dead.
Get rid of that stupid guitar.
Get rid of the evidence.
Get rid of the gun.
Get rid of them.
Get rid of these light bulbs.
Get rid of things you don't use.
Get rid of this car.
Get rid of this mattress.
Get rid of this stuff.
Get rid of this vomit yourself!
Get rid of this.
Get rid of those kinds of naive ideas.
Get serious about your dreams.
Get serious!
Get serious.
Get set .... Go!
Get set.
Get set. Go!
Get some Danish pastries.
Get some blankets.
Get some exercise!
Get some exercise.
Get some food for Tom.
Get some fresh air.
Get some good grades this time.
Get some help, will you?
Get some help.
Get some ice cubes for me.
Get some rest now.
Get some rest while you can.
Get some rest!
Get some rest, my dear.
Get some rest.
Get some rest. Tomorrow's another day. Then we'll continue.
Get some sleep before going to the beach this afternoon.
Get some sleep if you can.
Get some sleep now.
Get some sleep, OK?
Get some sleep, okay?
Get some sleep, won't you?
Get some sleep, you'll feel better.
Get some sleep.
Get some tofu on the way back.
Get some water for the dog!
Get some water quickly.
Get somebody else.
Get somebody to read it to you.
Get someone to read it to you.
Get something for Tom to eat.
Get something for yourself.
Get something to drink.
Get something to eat and have a good night's sleep.
Get started, gentlemen.
Get started.
Get straight to the point!
Get straight to the point.
Get stuffed!
Get ten bananas and five pineapples, so you don't go hungry before pay day.
Get that away from me.
Get that book for me.
Get that bucket of milk out of the way.
Get that chip off your shoulder.
Get that dog away from me! I don't like dogs.
Get that dog away from me.
Get that dog out of here.
Get that done.
Get that dragon out of here!
Get that gun out of my face.
Get that gun!
Get that idea out of your mind.
Get that into your head.
Get that mongrel out of here!
Get that mutt out of here!
Get that needle away from me!
Get that off my table.
Get that out of your mouth.
Get that stuff out of my way.
Get that stupid look off your face.
Get that thing away from me!
Get that thing off me.
Get that thing off of me.
Get that vuvuzela out of here!
Get the Israeli state out of Palestine!
Get the alarm.
Get the bad people out of Palestine!
Get the best quality food and forget the doctor.
Get the bicycle out of the way.
Get the book.
Get the box.
Get the boy away from the fire!
Get the bus.
Get the camera.
Get the captain.
Get the courts involved.
Get the dog indoors.
Get the dog out of here.
Get the dogs out of here.
Get the door for me.
Get the door!
Get the door, will you?
Get the door.
Get the dream.
Get the enemy out of Palestine!
Get the evil regime out of Palestine!
Get the facts first. You can distort them later.
Get the facts straight.
Get the feedback and say thank you.
Get the first aid kit out.
Get the free app!
Get the fuck away from me.
Get the fuck off me!
Get the fuck off our property!
Get the fuck out of here!
Get the fuck out of here.
Get the fuck out of my life.
Get the fuck out!
Get the hell away from me!
Get the hell off my sister.
Get the hell off my veranda and take your ugly furniture with you.
Get the hell out my way!
Get the hell out of here!
Get the hell out of here, Ziri.
Get the hell out of my house!
Get the hell out of my room!
Get the hell out of my room.
Get the hell out of that house.
Get the hell over here!
Get the help you need!
Get the idea?
Get the kid to bed.
Get the kitchen knife.
Get the laundry.
Get the meaning of a word from its context.
Get the money over here.
Get the money ready by evening or I'll come back with the police.
Get the most out of life.
Get the oranges out of the fridge.
Get the others and search the house.
Get the paramedics!
Get the patient to theatre immediately.
Get the phone, Mennad.
Get the picture?
Get the pitchforks.
Get the rubbish out of the building.
Get the tea from the fridge.
Get the thief!
Get the tram.
Get the tube, and you'll get to hospital quicker.
Get the washing in.
Get the work started straight away!
Get thee to a nunnery!
Get thee to a nunnery.
Get their weapons.
Get them all, whatever they may be.
Get them away from here.
Get them away from me.
Get them before they get us.
Get them out of here!
Get them out of here.
Get them out of my sight.
Get them out of the way.
Get them out of there.
Get them over here right away.
Get them over here.
Get them some food.
Get them some water.
Get them something to drink.
Get them something to eat.
Get them to help us.
Get them to help you.
Get them to show you that.
Get them while you can.
Get them!
Get there as early as possible.
Get there early.
Get these cockroaches off me.
Get these folks some drinks.
Get these people out of here.
Get these things out of here.
Get thinner in three weeks.
Get this devil away from me.
Get this done.
Get this kid out of here.
Get this moron out of here.
Get this out of your mind.
Get this straight. Mennad has nothing to do with work.
Get this stuff out of here.
Get this work done by tomorrow, if possible.
Get this.
Get those people out of here.
Get those silly tapes off your fingers.
Get three for the price of two.
Get to bed.
Get to class.
Get to higher ground immediately.
Get to it!
Get to it, Tom.
Get to it.
Get to know Tom.
Get to know him.
Get to know them.
Get to practising Berber.
Get to sleep.
Get to the other side by crossing the road.
Get to the point!
Get to the point, John.
Get to the point, Tom! What do you want? Do you need money?
Get to the point, please.
Get to the point.
Get to work on that as soon as you can.
Get to work!
Get to work, Tom.
Get to work, everybody.
Get to work.
Get to work. These sandbags won't fill themselves.
Get to your point, Ziri.
Get tools and mend the fence quickly.
Get under my umbrella.
Get under the covers.
Get under the table.
Get under the tarp.
Get undressed.
Get up a bit earlier tomorrow.
Get up already and stop dreaming in this cruel place full of misery.
Get up already, you lazybones!
Get up and dance with us.
Get up and dance.
Get up and fight.
Get up and get closer to me.
Get up and start your day with a smile.
Get up and stretch before we leave.
Get up and try to walk.
Get up and work for yourself!
Get up and work!
Get up as early as you can.
Get up as early as you possibly can.
Get up at once, or you will be late for school.
Get up at once, or you will miss the 7:00 bus.
Get up at seven tomorrow morning.
Get up at sunrise and marry young!
Get up children!
Get up earlier next time if you don't want to be late again.
Get up earlier tomorrow.
Get up early and start your day refreshed.
Get up early in the morning.
Get up early tomorrow morning!
Get up early tomorrow.
Get up early, and you'll be in time.
Get up early, and you’ll be in time.
Get up early, else you'll be late for school.
Get up early, else you’ll be late for school.
Get up early, or you'll be late.
Get up early, or you’ll be late.
Get up early.
Get up fifteen minutes earlier in the morning.
Get up for a moment.
Get up from here.
Get up if you want to see better.
Get up now!
Get up now.
Get up on your tippy toes.
Get up out of bed.
Get up quick.
Get up slowly.
Get up to work.
Get up whenever you want.
Get up!
Get up! It's time to get up!
Get up! Today's the big day!
Get up, Mary.
Get up, Ronald! Your mother has cooked you a sweetroll.
Get up, Ronald! Your mother has made you a sweet roll.
Get up, Tom.
Get up, everybody.
Get up, it's time to go out.
Get up, my beloved, my beautiful, come! My dove, hidden in the hollows of the rocks, in steep retreats, show me your face, make me hear your voice; for your voice is sweet and your face is charming.
Get up, now!
Get up, search.
Get up, sleepyhead! It's 6.30!
Get up, sleepyhead! It's half six!
Get up, you slacker!
Get up, you're gonna be late.
Get up.
Get up. It's getting late.
Get up. It's late.
Get up. It's time for school.
Get up. You're going to be late.
Get upstairs.
Get us a doctor.
Get us a lawyer.
Get us out of here.
Get us some drinks.
Get us some food.
Get us some markers.
Get us some water.
Get us something better than that beat-up Volkswagen.
Get us something to drink.
Get us something to eat.
Get used to being patient.
Get used to it, Tom.
Get used to it, kid.
Get used to it.
Get used to saying no.
Get used to that.
Get well soon!
Get well soon, kid!
Get well soon.
Get well!
Get with it.
Get with the others.
Get with the program, Tom.
Get with the program.
Get with the times.
Get word to Tom.
Get word to him.
Get your act together.
Get your arms inside the bus.
Get your arse into gear!
Get your ass back to work.
Get your ass in gear!
Get your ass in here!
Get your ass in the car, now!
Get your ass in there.
Get your ass off that carpet.
Get your ass out of bed!
Get your ass out of here!
Get your ass over here!
Get your ass over here, you idiot!
Get your ass over here.
Get your big ass out of bed!
Get your big ass out of your stupid car and then let it roll.
Get your big feet off my flowers.
Get your body beach ready in two weeks with this new diet.
Get your body moving.
Get your bony ass out of bed!
Get your business online.
Get your butt back here and clean your room.
Get your butt in the car.
Get your butt off that chair, Ziri. I need to vacuum.
Get your butt off that sofa, Ziri.
Get your butt out of here, Ziri.
Get your butt out of here.
Get your butt over here!
Get your butt up here.
Get your butt up. It's time for your shift.
Get your carcass out of here!
Get your chores done and then we'll talk.
Get your chores done.
Get your clothes on!
Get your clothes on, Tom.
Get your clothes on.
Get your coat, Tom.
Get your coat.
Get your coat. You've pulled.
Get your dirty hands off Tom.
Get your dirty paws off me.
Get your ducks in a row.
Get your elbows off the table.
Get your face down and ass up, princess.
Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please.
Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please.
Get your facts right.
Get your facts straight.
Get your feet off the chair.
Get your feet off the table.
Get your filthy hands off Tom.
Get your filthy hands off her.
Get your filthy hands off him.
Get your filthy hands off of me.
Get your finger out of your ear.
Get your finger out of your nose.
Get your foot out of there.
Get your friend to help you.
Get your gear.
Get your grubby mitts off me!
Get your hair cut!
Get your hair cut.
Get your hand off me.
Get your hands off Tom.
Get your hands off her.
Get your hands off him.
Get your hands off me before it's too late.
Get your hands off me!
Get your hands off me.
Get your hands off of Tom.
Get your hands off of her.
Get your hands off of him.
Get your hands off of me.
Get your hands off!
Get your hands out of your pockets.
Get your hankies ready.
Get your hat and coat.
Get your homework done as soon as you can.
Get your hot dachshund sausages!
Get your house in order.
Get your key and open the door.
Get your keys out and open the door.
Get your keys.
Get your knee off our necks!
Get your laughing gear round this.
Get your life together and grow up.
Get your life together.
Get your meat right into my office, you maggot.
Get your mind out of the gutter!
Get your mind out of the gutter.
Get your mitts off me.
Get your mitts off my camera!
Get your mother to do your homework!
Get your mother.
Get your notebook.
Get your own place.
Get your own politics.
Get your own.
Get your pants on and head over here.
Get your paws off me.
Get your paws off of me.
Get your priorities straight.
Get your protractors out.
Get your pyjamas on and clean your teeth.
Get your rabid dog away from me.
Get your shit together!
Get your shoes shined.
Get your skates on so we can roller skate on the boardwalk!
Get your skates on!
Get your skates on, or you'll miss lunch.
Get your skates. The lake is frozen.
Get your sleigh ready in summer!
Get your socks on fast. We're late!
Get your stinky breath out of my face.
Get your stuff out of my room.
Get your stuff ready.
Get your suspenders online.
Get your sword. We're going to have a duel.
Get your tail out of the door; I'm trying to close it.
Get your tea and come to listen to this.
Get your things and go to the principal's office.
Get your things and leave.
Get your things together.
Get your things.
Get your tickets now.
Get your tickets today.
Get your tissues ready.
Get your tongue out.
Get your toxic vibes out of my space.
Get your wallet out.
Get yourself a copy of the Quran.
Get yourself a decent suit.
Get yourself a dog.
Get yourself a girl.
Get yourself a guitar.
Get yourself a pair of glasses.
Get yourself astride the balance beam.
Get yourself cleaned up.
Get yourself on the next flight back.
Get yourself some popcorn, sit back and enjoy the show.
Get yourself something to eat from the fridge.
Get yourself taken care of.
Get yourself together!
Get yourself together.
Get yourselves cleaned up.
Get yourselves some good rest.
Get yourselves taken care of.
Get ’em before they get you!
Getter Jaani is the best singer in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011.
Getter Jaani is very sweet.
Getting Tom involved was a very bad choice.
Getting Tom to show up on time doesn't seem to be a problem.
Getting Tom to show up on time will be difficult.
Getting Tom to show up on time won't be easy.
Getting a dog is a big responsibility.
Getting a dog is his solution to everything.
Getting a door slammed on your finger can be very painful.
Getting a driver's license would make me happy.
Getting a driving licence would make me happy.
Getting a haircut makes me feel more human.
Getting a lower price will be difficult.
Getting a new truck would help.
Getting a new windshield is certainly very expensive.
Getting a smile out of you is like getting blood out of a stone.
Getting a sports car is easy, compared to the maintenance one must do on it.
Getting a tattoo is a stupid idea.
Getting acquainted with Kotlin makes me a better programmer.
Getting addicted to something and having too much of something are two different things.
Getting along with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing.
Getting an injection is so awful!
Getting another bicycle would help.
Getting around has become so problematic.
Getting back on Twitter was a mistake.
Getting back with my first lover is so out of the question and seem such like a totally pointless thing to think about.
Getting busted isn't fun.
Getting customers into the store has been a struggle.
Getting cut is one of the occupational hazards of being a glazier.
Getting divorced was one of the best things I've ever done.
Getting down this mountain will take about three hours.
Getting down will take three hours.
Getting drunk is a major sin in Islam.
Getting drunk won't make things better.
Getting enough sleep is crucial for your well-being. Go to bed on time, sweetie.
Getting enough to eat wasn't easy.
Getting enough water won't be a problem.
Getting excited is not at all the same as getting angry.
Getting fired was a serious blow.
Getting fired was an unexpected shock for him.
Getting food to Fort Sumter would be a very difficult job.
Getting her to study English is like pulling teeth.
Getting home will take us at the very least an hour.
Getting home will take you at the very least an hour.
Getting into a fight isn't going to help.
Getting into a hot spring at Norikura is great.
Getting into a war you know you can't win is like suicide.
Getting involved in politics is getting involved in the issues of society.
Getting involved with Tom was a mistake.
Getting kicked in the groin is painful.
Getting lost in the woods was not fun at all.
Getting lost is the least of my worries.
Getting lucky doesn't mean you should become reckless.
Getting married is a serious matter.
Getting married to Tom was a big mistake.
Getting nowhere.
Getting old is a fascinating thing. The older you get, the older you want to get.
Getting old is great! I can say what I want, and nobody says anything.
Getting old is not good, but dying young isn't too good either.
Getting old, a man sees worse, but more.
Getting older comes with some personal challenges to face.
Getting older doesn't mean you should no longer use your imagination.
Getting older should not necessarily mean becoming more weak or sick.
Getting onboard means beeping in.
Getting out of a set routine has never been so simple with this miracle product.
Getting out of bed is a severe challenge for me.
Getting out of bed late is really bad for your skin.
Getting out of bed this morning was hard.
Getting people to change is extremely difficult.
Getting promoted in this company is impossible.
Getting ready to leave.
Getting rejected from Harvard is not the end of the world.
Getting rest had a wonderful effect on him.
Getting rich is the opposite of getting poor.
Getting rich made him arrogant.
Getting rid of Tom isn't an option.
Getting rid of Tom won't change things.
Getting rid of a body is very complicated.
Getting rid of all this junk would help.
Getting rid of bad habits is hard.
Getting rid of garbage has become a major headache for the authorities.
Getting shy Kyoko to talk at a party is like pulling teeth.
Getting smart doesn't mean actually being smart.
Getting started is always difficult.
Getting started was difficult.
Getting that exposure to another language at an early age is definitely important.
Getting that job was Yanni's greatest achievement in his life.
Getting the novel, he begin to read it.
Getting the right people to help us will be difficult.
Getting the right people to help us will be hard.
Getting the truth matters.
Getting them back alive meant round-the-clock problem-solving in a high-stress environment where the stakes were life or death.
Getting them to give us a discount will be difficult.
Getting there on time won't be a problem.
Getting there wasn't easy.
Getting there will take three hours.
Getting this done on time was difficult.
Getting this done on time was hard.
Getting this done on time wasn't easy.
Getting this tattoo was a mistake.
Getting tired of walking, I took the bus.
Getting to Boston took a long time.
Getting to know him was the best thing she did all summer.
Getting to the bus stop, he found the bus had left.
Getting to the city center is the biggest problem in Algiers.
Getting to this place wasn't easy.
Getting up at 6 a.m. was hard at first, but now I'm used to it.
Getting up at 6 a.m. was hard at first, but now I’m used to it.
Getting up at six o'clock is okay for me.
Getting up at six o’clock is okay for me.
Getting up early is very good.
Getting up early tomorrow, you will see the rising sun.
Getting up early, you can see the sun rise.
Getting up in the morning and there's someone who says good morning to you - I haven't had this feeling for a long time.
Getting up late, I missed the bus.
Getting used to it takes time.
Getting used to it will take a while.
Getting used to it will take time.
Getting visuals, all good.
Getting water is going to be a huge task.
Getting wise doesn't mean actually being wise.
Getting your letter with your photo put me in seventh heaven.
Getting your message across is much more important than trying to say it exactly like a native speaker would say it.
Getúlio Vargas killed himself with a gun more than thirty years ago.
Ghadames is a Libyan border town.
Ghana has great plans for solar energy, but cloudy Rwanda has overtaken the West Africans by actually completing a large scale photovoltaic solar park.
Ghana has started building seawalls at key points along its shore to stop coastal erosion and protect beaches, communities and historic buildings.
Ghana lost to Algeria 4-1.
Ghanaians in general, and the opposition in particular, have vehemently opposed the proposed 1.75% tax on electronic transactions, popularly known as e-levy, contained in the 2022 budget.
Ghardaia has a unique architecture.
Ghardaia is a rich trading city in central Algeria.
Ghardaia is far away from Algiers.
Ghardaia, a beautiful city in central Algeria, has magnificent buildings.
Ghardia is a mysterious city located in central Algeria.
Ghazaouet is an Algerian town located on the border with Morocco.
Ghee is just rendered fat made from butter.
Gheg is spoken north of Shkumbin river.
Ghost Town by Coventry band The Specials reached number 1 in the UK Singles Chart in 1981.
Ghost existence does not prove that there's life after death. They can be elements of another dimension.
Ghost towns are creepy.
Ghost towns are not completely unpopulated, are they?
Ghosts are not as scary as some flesh and blood people.
Ghosts are real for those who believe in them.
Ghosts aren't real, they can't hurt you.
Ghosts can possess people.
Ghosts can walk through walls.
Ghosts do not exist.
Ghosts don't exist, get that through your head.
Ghosts don't exist.
Ghosts exist.
Ghosts kicked James our of his apartment.
Ghosts lived in the attic, too.
Ghosts really exist?
Ghosts supposedly roam the park at night.
Ghosts walk through walls.
Ghulja has very many kinds of apples.
Giant clam harvesting, added to use of cyanide and dynamite bombing for fish, damaged coral reefs last year, the analysts said.
Giant pacific octopuses can live for up to five years in the wild.
Giant pandas live only in China.
Giant posters of Saddam Hussein adorned public places.
Giant snails have invaded Florida.
Giant squids are terrors of the deep.
Giant tortoises were decimated by pirates in the 18th and 19th century.
Giants fall easily.
Gibbons are the smallest tailless monkeys. They are excellent acrobats.
Gibraltar is a tiny place.
Gibraltar is the capital of Gibraltar.
Gideon Levy says that Israel is not a democracy.
Gift it to me.
Gift warping might become a thing in the future.
Gift-wrap it.
Gifted children often suffer from social isolation.
Gifted children – Wunderkinder – display their talents at a tender age.
Gifted students learn more quickly.
Gifts are like fish hooks.
Gifu Prefecture's capital is Gifu City.
Gigantic space stations were soon constructed with parkland inside the shell structure.
Giggles rippled through the audience.
Giggling with embarrassment, she held out the condom.
Gilbert Blythe was trying to make Anne Shirley look at him and failing utterly.
Gilbert had finally made up his mind that he was going to be a doctor.
Gilbert is late yet again.
Gilbert, having tried to please both sides, succeeded, as is usual and eminently right, in pleasing neither.
Gilded reins do not make for a better horse.
Giles Headley the younger was a fine tall youth, but clumsy and untrained in the use of his limbs, and he rode a large, powerful brown horse, which brooked no companionship, lashing out with its shaggy hoofs at any of its kind that approached it, more especially at poor, plump, mottled Poppet.
Gill usually acts most efficiently.
Gilles crossed the dunes.
Gilles looks a sorry sight! What did he do to himself?
Gilles was going to do homework with Samuel and Ties.
Gilmore oversaw a team of researchers that sequenced the genomes of 24 members of the enterococci family, finding 45 different properties that make them resistant to antibiotics and disinfectants in modern hospitals.
Gilmore said enterococci live harmlessly in the digestive tracts of all animals along with thousands of other bacteria. In a hospital setting, people are often treated with antibiotics to prevent infections, but the drugs also kill helpful microorganisms that keep enterococci under control.
Gilmore said scientists are studying the pathogen's genes to identify targets for the development of new weapons to fight the superbug.
Gilpin classes these "Innocent Impostors" among the most entertaining of his works, and is delighted by the happiness with which he has outdone in their own excellences the artists whom he copied; but Strutt, too grave to admit of jokes that twitch the connoisseurs, declares that they could never have deceived an experienced judge, and reprobates such kinds of ingenuity, played off at the cost of the venerable brotherhood of the cognoscenti.
Gimme a kiss!
Gimme a look-see.
Gimme a minute.
Gimme a piece of that thingy over there so I can try it.
Gimme back my eraser.
Gimme love.
Gimme some of those chips.
Gimme something to write on.
Gimme three.
Gimp is a derogatory word to describe an injured or disabled person.
Gin and tonic was the favored drink of British colonials due to its antimalarial quinine content.
Gin is not my friend.
Gina Rodriguez took home the Globe for best comedy TV actress for her performance in “Jane the Virgin,” based on a Venezuelan telenovela.
Gina was starting to feel flattered.
Gina's sheer coldness attracted scads of men with low self-esteem.
Gina’s sheer coldness attracted scads of men with low self-esteem.
Ginger is a food that warms up the body, so it is recommended for people sensitive to cold.
Ginger is very useful in the winter period.
Ginger — whether it's fresh, powdered or pickled — adds zest to all sorts of dishes.
Gingerbread Man hanged himself.
Ginkgo trees are the most commonly found trees lining Seoul's streets.
Ginkgos are large trees.
Ginkgos are slow-growing trees.
Ginkgos grow very slowly.
Ginseng is a natural antidepressant.
Giordano Bruno was both a madman and a genius.
Giordano Bruno was burnt alive in 1600.
Giordano Bruno was burnt alive in the year 1600.
Giorgia Meloni is Italy's first ever female Prime Minister.
Giorgia Meloni is a fascist.
Giorgia Meloni is an evil person.
Giorgia Meloni isn't religious, but uses religion as an excuse to hate social undesirables.
Giorgia Meloni was a member of the neo-fascist Fronte della Gioventù.
Giotto is credited with sowing the seeds of the Italian Renaissance.
Giotto made a close encounter with Comet Grigg-Skjellerup on July 10, 1992.
Giovanni Cassini (1625-1712) was the first to observe four of Saturn’s moons, including Iapetus.
Giovanni and Sara got married 2 years ago in Germany.
Giraffe are calm gentle giants.
Giraffe calves walk minutes after birth.
Giraffe cows stick together in herds.
Giraffe fights are called necking.
Giraffe fights aren't really dangerous.
Giraffe hearts are two feet long.
Giraffe herds are led by an adult male called a bull.
Giraffe herds can walk for many days in search of food.
Giraffe populations are dwindling.
Giraffe populations are vulnerable.
Giraffe's are the largest herbivores in the world.
Giraffes and ants are distant cousins.
Giraffes and humans have the same number of neckbones.
Giraffes and zebras live next to each other on good terms.
Giraffes are active at night.
Giraffes are active even after dark.
Giraffes are afraid of lions.
Giraffes are amazing animals.
Giraffes are at risk.
Giraffes are beautiful animals.
Giraffes are beautiful creatures.
Giraffes are beautiful.
Giraffes are big animals.
Giraffes are blessed with height that gives them better access to food.
Giraffes are born fighters.
Giraffes are colossal animals.
Giraffes are colossal creatures.
Giraffes are competing with Vladimir for the longest neck.
Giraffes are considered to be quiet animals.
Giraffes are constantly alert.
Giraffes are constantly in search for food.
Giraffes are easy to identify.
Giraffes are elegant.
Giraffes are especially vulnerable while drinking.
Giraffes are exclusively herbivore.
Giraffes are extinct in some countries.
Giraffes are fairly agile.
Giraffes are famous for their long necks.
Giraffes are fascinating animals.
Giraffes are fascinating.
Giraffes are found only in sub-Saharan Africa.
Giraffes are generally peaceful animals.
Giraffes are gentle animals.
Giraffes are gentle creatures.
Giraffes are gentle giants.
Giraffes are giant herbivores.
Giraffes are good hosts to oxpeckers.
Giraffes are graceful animals.
Giraffes are herbivores and they eat plants.
Giraffes are herbivores.
Giraffes are herd animals.
Giraffes are highly endangered in some places of Africa.
Giraffes are highly social.
Giraffes are huge animals.
Giraffes are huge herbivores.
Giraffes are huge.
Giraffes are iconic animals.
Giraffes are incredible creatures.
Giraffes are known to eat over a hundred species of plants.
Giraffes are large mammals.
Giraffes are magnificent animals.
Giraffes are majestic animals.
Giraffes are massive animals.
Giraffes are massive herbivores.
Giraffes are massive mammals.
Giraffes are mustard colored.
Giraffes are mysterious animals.
Giraffes are noble animals.
Giraffes are noble herbivores.
Giraffes are not as common as they used to be.
Giraffes are only found in Africa.
Giraffes are part of modern day megafauna.
Giraffes are plant eaters.
Giraffes are pretty amazing animals.
Giraffes are protected in this area.
Giraffes are protected in this country.
Giraffes are ruminants.
Giraffes are so iconic.
Giraffes are so unique.
Giraffes are social animals, living in groups.
Giraffes are social animals.
Giraffes are such amazing animals.
Giraffes are surprisingly active at night.
Giraffes are tall and heavy animals.
Giraffes are tall and majestic creatures.
Giraffes are tall animals.
Giraffes are tall mammals that live in Africa.
Giraffes are tall.
Giraffes are terrestrial animals.
Giraffes are the tallest animals in the world.
Giraffes are the tallest terrestrial animals on earth.
Giraffes are the world's tallest animals.
Giraffes are timid creatures.
Giraffes are unique animals.
Giraffes are vegetarians.
Giraffes are very beautiful.
Giraffes are very tall.
Giraffes are well adapted to life in the savanna.
Giraffes are wonderful animals.
Giraffes aren't afraid of acacia thorns.
Giraffes aren't man eaters.
Giraffes aren't mute.
Giraffes avoid this area.
Giraffes can close their nostrils.
Giraffes can easily outpace lions.
Giraffes can eat leaves and buds from tree tops.
Giraffes can feast on these acacia trees.
Giraffes can get most of the moisture they need from their food.
Giraffes can get to food that other herbivores can't reach.
Giraffes can go several days without drinking, taking the moisture their need from acacia leaves.
Giraffes can live in dry environments.
Giraffes can live in harsh environments.
Giraffes can outrun humans.
Giraffes can outrun lions.
Giraffes can reach leaves other animals can't.
Giraffes can reach leaves other herbivores can't.
Giraffes can reach leaves that other animals can't.
Giraffes can reach leaves that other herbivores can't.
Giraffes can run extremely fast.
Giraffes can see approaching predators from a long distance away.
Giraffes can see danger from a distance.
Giraffes can see predators from a long distance away.
Giraffes can travel hundreds of miles.
Giraffes can withstand intense heat.
Giraffes can't swim.
Giraffes clean their ears with their tongues.
Giraffes come to drink at this river.
Giraffes communicate through vocalizations and body language.
Giraffes communicate with each other.
Giraffes consume copious amounts of acacia leaves.
Giraffes don't drink much water.
Giraffes don't have mating seasons.
Giraffes don't have territories.
Giraffes don't pant to cool down.
Giraffes don't spend much time near waterholes.
Giraffes don't sweat to cool down.
Giraffes eat a lot.
Giraffes eat acacia leaves.
Giraffes eat standing up.
Giraffes eat up to 45 kilograms of leaves a day.
Giraffes fear nothing, except lions.
Giraffes feast on acacia leaves.
Giraffes from the same area appear similar.
Giraffes graze continuously.
Giraffes grow massive.
Giraffes have a good color vision.
Giraffes have a size advantage and they are much less vulnerable to attack than zebras.
Giraffes have already gone extinct in many African nations.
Giraffes have an elongated shape.
Giraffes have an endearing way to show mutual affection.
Giraffes have an unusual anatomy.
Giraffes have become endangered in this area.
Giraffes have become more endangered.
Giraffes have deadly defense methods.
Giraffes have distinctive coats.
Giraffes have enormous buttocks, perhaps smaller than those of elephants, but relative to body size, they are far more impressive.
Giraffes have excellent vision and smell.
Giraffes have giant tongues.
Giraffes have impressive necks.
Giraffes have killer kicks.
Giraffes have large expressive eyes.
Giraffes have little to fear from predators except lions.
Giraffes have long and powerful necks.
Giraffes have long and rough tongues.
Giraffes have long and skinny legs.
Giraffes have long necks.
Giraffes have long powerful legs.
Giraffes have long powerful necks.
Giraffes have long rough tongues.
Giraffes have never been known to swim.
Giraffes have powerful hearts.
Giraffes have powerful legs.
Giraffes have pretty strong body odor that deters mosquitos.
Giraffes have pretty strong body odor that repels mosquitos.
Giraffes have rarely been filmed at night.
Giraffes have spotted coats.
Giraffes have strong bones.
Giraffes have their babies while standing up.
Giraffes have thick skin.
Giraffes have ticks.
Giraffes have tough prehensile tongues.
Giraffes have very long necks.
Giraffes have very long tongues.
Giraffes have very strong legs.
Giraffes hum at low frequencies.
Giraffes know how to use their hooves when it comes to defending themselves.
Giraffes like acacia leaves.
Giraffes like acacia trees.
Giraffes like to stick together in family groups.
Giraffes live in Africa.
Giraffes live in a group.
Giraffes live in a herd.
Giraffes live in groups called journeys.
Giraffes live in groups called towers.
Giraffes live in groups known as journeys.
Giraffes live in herds and are highly social.
Giraffes live in herds called journeys.
Giraffes live in herds called towers.
Giraffes live in herds led by a head male.
Giraffes live in herds.
Giraffes live in isolated groups.
Giraffes live in open woodlands.
Giraffes live in semi-arid open woodlands.
Giraffes live in small family herds called towers or journeys.
Giraffes live in the African savanna.
Giraffes live in the savanna.
Giraffes live south of the Sahara desert.
Giraffes mainly feed in the morning and evening.
Giraffes must cross this area to get to water.
Giraffes often sleep standing up.
Giraffes only eat leaves.
Giraffes only eat plants.
Giraffes only have seven bones in their necks.
Giraffes only need to drink once every few days.
Giraffes prefer the dense woodlands of the savanna.
Giraffes prefer the thick woodlands of the savanna.
Giraffes prefer wooded areas.
Giraffes rarely eat grass.
Giraffes reach almost six meters tall.
Giraffes rely on acacia leaves for sustenance.
Giraffes roam in groups called towers.
Giraffes roam the vast plains of sub-Saharan Africa.
Giraffes roam the vast savannas of Africa.
Giraffes run fast.
Giraffes sleep only four hours a day.
Giraffes sleep standing up.
Giraffes sleep the least of all mammals on Earth: only four hours a day.
Giraffes spend most of their day in the safety of cover, relying on camouflage to escape their predators.
Giraffes spend most of their time eating.
Giraffes spend most of their time in the woodlands.
Giraffes spend the majority of their day eating.
Giraffes spend their day eating and socializing.
Giraffes stand at almost five meters tall.
Giraffes subsist mainly on acacia leaves.
Giraffes talk to each other.
Giraffes thrive in the African savanna.
Giraffes too can go days without drinking.
Giraffes travel in herds called towers.
Giraffes use their speed to escape lions.
Giraffes usually get most of the moisture they need from their food.
Giraffes usually sleep standing up.
Giraffes went extinct in Algeria.
Giraffes were feeding on acacia leaves.
Giraffes, rhinos, hippos, and elephants are prehistoric relics.
Giraffes, zebras, antelopes, rhinos, hippos, and elephants are vegetarians.
Giraffes, zebras, impalas, and elephants are usual neighbors.
Giraud smiled in a rather superior manner.
Girders usually have a cross section designed to maximize their resistance to bending.
Girl as she was, Joan was not daunted at all.
Girl gotta sleep.
Girl's gotta sleep.
Girl, come forward!
Girl, what beautiful hair you have.
Girl, you know I cain't go there. I owe her money!
Girls are attracted to money.
Girls are complicated.
Girls are confusing.
Girls are crazy.
Girls are girls and boys are boys.
Girls are good at hiding their feelings.
Girls are impressed with that.
Girls are losing their virginity earlier and earlier.
Girls are more ambitious academically than boys.
Girls are more likely than boys to be malnourished, suffer poverty, face violence and be refused an education, according to a new report.
Girls are more romantic than boys.
Girls are not allowed to burp.
Girls are not allowed to fart.
Girls are not welcome.
Girls are nothing but trouble.
Girls are obsessed with their bodies.
Girls are often judged by how attractive they are.
Girls are really cruel.
Girls are so mean.
Girls are strange sometimes.
Girls are submissive and guys are dominant.
Girls are wearing short skirts these days.
Girls aren't complicated. Men are simple.
Girls aren't welcome.
Girls aren't worth the trouble, Tom.
Girls begin puberty around the ages of ten to eleven, and boys around the ages of eleven to twelve.
Girls came in one after another.
Girls can be astronauts, too.
Girls can play soccer too.
Girls can play soccer, too.
Girls can work as hard as boys.
Girls criticize each other.
Girls cry more easily than boys.
Girls cry.
Girls do not talk like that.
Girls do this all the time.
Girls don't like you.
Girls don't ordinarily like that.
Girls don't wear skirts as often as they used to.
Girls drooled over Ziri like crazy.
Girls fart quietly.
Girls float wreaths of flowers lit with candles on rivers.
Girls followed Ziri everywhere.
Girls hate being laid up in bed because of a headache.
Girls have a lot more pressure than guys to look good.
Girls have more fantasy than boys.
Girls kept sending Ziri love notes.
Girls like alpha males.
Girls like cats more.
Girls like that.
Girls like that. Don't ask how I know that.
Girls like to play house.
Girls like to show off their fine clothes.
Girls like to wear hair bands to look pretty but you don't need to be a girl to wear a sweatband when running.
Girls look for confident guys.
Girls love Salas.
Girls love Tom.
Girls love it.
Girls love playing hide and seek.
Girls love that.
Girls mature faster than boys.
Girls must like you.
Girls notice stuff like that.
Girls notice that kind of thing.
Girls notice things like that.
Girls notice those types of things.
Girls often like partners with money.
Girls only, no boys allowed.
Girls performed as well as boys on the math test.
Girls please me.
Girls say that all the time.
Girls seem to like Tom for some reason.
Girls seem to like Tom.
Girls talk too much.
Girls think a lot about boys.
Girls think about boys a lot.
Girls think much of fashion.
Girls threw themselves at Ziri.
Girls use makeup in their low teens.
Girls walk sooner than boys.
Girls wearing mini-skirts, walking or sitting, are very effective eye-openers.
Girls were hanging on Ziri's every word and Rima got jealous.
Girls were not allowed to go out with boys without a chaperone.
Girls who are concerned with guys but can’t be honest are a real boom among young men nowadays.
Girls who are focused on guys but can't be honest with them are encountered by young men in growing numbers nowadays.
Girls will get the vaccine in two doses, six months apart.
Girls will have possibly gone to the show.
Girls, I'm single.
Girls, open your eyes, marriage isn't buying a horse.
Girls, that just wasn't good enough.
Girls, you did terrifically. You've truly earned this victory.
Girls, you did terrifically. You’ve truly earned this victory.
Girls, you're gorgeous!
Girls’ shirts can cost up to 13% more than boys’ shirts.
Girth is more significant than length.
Giscard led France for seven years, from 1974 to 1981.
Gita and her wife had a lovely day at the park.
Gita speaks Marathi with her mother and Gujarati with her father.
Gitega is the capital of Burundi.
Gittel has never been to Budapest.
Gittel is a foreigner.
Gittel is a leftist.
Gittel is a reactionary.
Gittel is an outsider.
Giuseppe Provenzano warned of the danger of gangs seeking to supplant the state by offering cash handouts and “loans” to struggling small businesses desperate for money to stay afloat.
Giuseppe Verdi was born in Roncole, Italy, October 10, 1813.
Give Brian a big hug for me!
Give Caesar what belongs to Caesar, and God what belongs to God.
Give Cookie a bath.
Give Daddy a kiss.
Give Emet and the others a call.
Give Emilia a new tunic.
Give Interlingua a chance because it's easier than French, Spanish, or Portuguese and has more similarities to them.
Give Mary everything she asks for.
Give Mary her keys.
Give Mary my love.
Give Mary what she asks for.
Give Mary what she needs.
Give Mary what she wants.
Give Mary whatever help she needs.
Give Mary whatever it is she wants.
Give Mary whatever she wants.
Give Sami a kiss for me.
Give Sami a kiss.
Give Sami a ride to the bus stop.
Give Sami some freedom.
Give Tom a big hug for me.
Give Tom a biscuit.
Give Tom a brandy.
Give Tom a break.
Give Tom a buck.
Give Tom a call and tell him about it.
Give Tom a call and tell him we'll be late.
Give Tom a call and tell him what time you'll be there.
Give Tom a call and tell him what to do.
Give Tom a call and tell him.
Give Tom a call.
Give Tom a chair.
Give Tom a chance.
Give Tom a choice.
Give Tom a cigarette.
Give Tom a cookie.
Give Tom a dollar.
Give Tom a drink.
Give Tom a drop of brandy.
Give Tom a hand, will you?
Give Tom a hand.
Give Tom a hat.
Give Tom a hug for me.
Give Tom a hug.
Give Tom a kiss for me.
Give Tom a kiss.
Give Tom a lift.
Give Tom a little brandy.
Give Tom a microphone.
Give Tom a minute.
Give Tom a moment.
Give Tom a nip of brandy.
Give Tom a second chance.
Give Tom a second.
Give Tom a smile.
Give Tom a tissue.
Give Tom all of it.
Give Tom an inch and he'll take a mile.
Give Tom and Mary their keys.
Give Tom another chance, please.
Give Tom another chance.
Give Tom any help you can.
Give Tom back his guns.
Give Tom back his money.
Give Tom back what belongs to him.
Give Tom back what doesn't belong to you.
Give Tom back what you stole from him.
Give Tom back what's not yours.
Give Tom bigger portion.
Give Tom credit for that.
Give Tom everything he asks for.
Give Tom everything we've got.
Give Tom everything you have.
Give Tom everything you've got.
Give Tom force and he will show you.
Give Tom his change.
Give Tom his due.
Give Tom his keys.
Give Tom more space, please.
Give Tom more time, please.
Give Tom more time.
Give Tom my best.
Give Tom my message.
Give Tom my regards.
Give Tom my thanks.
Give Tom one chance at least.
Give Tom one.
Give Tom our love.
Give Tom some brandy.
Give Tom some cereal.
Give Tom some cookies.
Give Tom some food. He is starving.
Give Tom some money.
Give Tom some more space.
Give Tom some more time.
Give Tom some peace and quiet.
Give Tom some privacy.
Give Tom some room here.
Give Tom some room.
Give Tom some space.
Give Tom some time.
Give Tom some water.
Give Tom something to do to keep him busy.
Give Tom something to drink.
Give Tom something to drink. He is thirsty.
Give Tom something to eat.
Give Tom the $300.
Give Tom the box.
Give Tom the car keys.
Give Tom the disk.
Give Tom the gun.
Give Tom the job, please. He needs it.
Give Tom the key.
Give Tom the keys.
Give Tom the mike.
Give Tom the money that you owe him.
Give Tom the money you owe him.
Give Tom the money.
Give Tom the phone.
Give Tom these cookies.
Give Tom these tickets.
Give Tom this book.
Give Tom this car.
Give Tom this copy.
Give Tom this medicine.
Give Tom this message as soon as he arrives.
Give Tom this money.
Give Tom this picture.
Give Tom this sandwich.
Give Tom those biscuits.
Give Tom time.
Give Tom what he asks for.
Give Tom what he needs.
Give Tom what he wants.
Give Tom whatever he wants.
Give Tom whatever help he needs.
Give Tom whatever it is he wants.
Give Tom your phone number.
Give Tom your seat.
Give Yanni a kiss for me.
Give Ziri a big kiss for me.
Give Ziri a choice.
Give Ziri a high five.
Give Ziri all four choices.
Give Ziri the four choices.
Give Ziri the front seat.
Give a biscuit to Tom.
Give a cookie to Tom.
Give a dog a bad name and hang him.
Give a hug to your parents before you get far away from your hometown.
Give a lecture on literature.
Give a little bit.
Give a little love to a child, and you get a great deal back.
Give a man a chance.
Give a man a fish and he'll eat for a day. Teach a man to fish and he'll eat for a lifetime.
Give a man a fish and he'll have dinner for a night; teach a man to fish and he will have dinner for a lifetime.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for the rest of his life.
Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish, and you feed him for a lifetime.
Give a man a mask and he'll tell the truth.
Give a man a world of cubes, and he will make a circle.
Give a man enough rope, and he'll hang himself.
Give a man power, and you'll see his true face.
Give a man some bread, and he'll be full for a day. Give a man the name of Full, and he'll be full forever.
Give a shout if you need anything.
Give a shout if you see anything.
Give a thief enough rope and he'll hang himself.
Give a thief enough rope and he’ll hang himself.
Give a time when you went above and beyond the requirements for a project.
Give a tissue to Tom.
Give a way.
Give a woman responsibility and she will know how to take it.
Give a yell if you need anything.
Give all the empty houses and apartments to the homeless.
Give an egg so that you receive an ox.
Give an egg to the lazy, they'll tell you to peel it.
Give an example.
Give as generously as you can.
Give back some of what you've been given.
Give back to others.
Give back what you took from him.
Give back what you've taken from him.
Give birth in a tree.
Give constructive feedback to your colleagues.
Give credit to the one who deserves it.
Give credit where credit is due.
Give credit where credit's due.
Give credit where it is deserved.
Give dad an hour and he'll have it fixed.
Give each other a hug.
Give every day the chance to be the most beautiful in your life.
Give every day the chance to become the most beautiful day of your life.
Give every man thy ear, but few thy voice.
Give everything you have; you can't do any more than that!
Give examples.
Give feedback on this Facebook post.
Give food to the dog.
Give food to the homeless.
Give good tidings to the patient.
Give grandma a kiss.
Give help to anyone who needs it.
Give help to others.
Give her a break.
Give her a call.
Give her a chair.
Give her a chance to fulfill her desire.
Give her a chance.
Give her a chance. She's new on the job.
Give her a doll.
Give her a dollar.
Give her a drink.
Give her a hand, will you?
Give her a hand.
Give her a hug.
Give her a kiss for me.
Give her a kiss.
Give her a minute.
Give her a moment.
Give her a sandwich.
Give her a second chance!
Give her a second chance.
Give her a second.
Give her a smile.
Give her a tight hug for me.
Give her all of it.
Give her another chance.
Give her any help you can.
Give her everything we've got.
Give her my congratulations.
Give her our congratulations.
Give her some flowers in return for her kindness.
Give her some food before she goes to bed.
Give her some money.
Give her some privacy.
Give her some space.
Give her some time.
Give her some water.
Give her some!
Give her something to drink.
Give her something to eat before she goes to bed.
Give her something to eat!
Give her something to eat.
Give her the $300.
Give her the D.
Give her the book.
Give her the books.
Give her the dick.
Give her the disk.
Give her the gun.
Give her the keys.
Give her the money, Ziri.
Give her the pancreas.
Give her these flowers for me.
Give her these roses, and she will be pleased.
Give her this letter when she comes.
Give her this message.
Give her this picture.
Give her those books.
Give her time.
Give her water!
Give her what she wants.
Give her your luggage ticket.
Give her your seat.
Give him a beating!
Give him a beating.
Give him a big hand!
Give him a break!
Give him a break.
Give him a call.
Give him a chair.
Give him a chance.
Give him a day or two.
Give him a dollar.
Give him a drink.
Give him a fair half.
Give him a good beating!
Give him a good thrashing!
Give him a hand, will you?
Give him a hand.
Give him a hearty welcome.
Give him a hug.
Give him a kiss for me.
Give him a kiss.
Give him a minute.
Give him a moment.
Give him a piece of advice.
Give him a second chance!
Give him a second chance.
Give him a second.
Give him a smile.
Give him a sword so he won't be killed.
Give him a taste of his own medicine.
Give him a warm welcome.
Give him all of it.
Give him an inch and he will take a yard.
Give him an inch and he'll take a mile.
Give him an inch and he'll take a yard.
Give him an inch and he’ll take a yard.
Give him another chance.
Give him any help you can.
Give him back his money right now!
Give him back the ball!
Give him everything we've got.
Give him good care, and he'll get well soon.
Give him good care, and he’ll get well soon.
Give him is TV.
Give him money!
Give him more freedom.
Give him my best regards.
Give him my business card, please.
Give him my congratulations.
Give him my greetings.
Give him my regards!
Give him my regards.
Give him one.
Give him or her a sponge bath regularly.
Give him plenty of work to do.
Give him rigid training.
Give him some advice.
Give him some food.
Give him some money.
Give him some privacy.
Give him some time.
Give him some water.
Give him some.
Give him something that he can use.
Give him something to drink.
Give him something to eat.
Give him the $300.
Give him the benefit of the doubt.
Give him the books.
Give him the disk.
Give him the gun.
Give him the hand.
Give him the horns.
Give him the keys.
Give him the message when he comes back.
Give him the microphone.
Give him the pancreas.
Give him the ring.
Give him the sandwich.
Give him the textbook and your dictionary.
Give him this message as soon as he arrives.
Give him this message the moment he arrives.
Give him this message.
Give him this picture.
Give him those books.
Give him time.
Give him time. He'll come around to the idea.
Give him to her.
Give him water!
Give him what he wants.
Give him your address too.
Give him your hand.
Give him your seat.
Give it a break, Tom.
Give it a chance.
Give it a couple of weeks.
Give it a few years.
Give it a go!
Give it a go.
Give it a kick.
Give it a minute.
Give it a moment.
Give it a name.
Give it a pull.
Give it a rest!
Give it a rest, Tom.
Give it a rest.
Give it a second thought.
Give it a second.
Give it a shot, Tom.
Give it a shot.
Give it a try, my friends! You can do it!
Give it a try.
Give it a whirl.
Give it all to me.
Give it all you've got.
Give it all you’ve got.
Give it another go.
Give it another hour.
Give it another look over. It'll be a lot better if you do.
Give it another shot.
Give it another try.
Give it back to Tom immediately!
Give it back to Tom.
Give it back to her!
Give it back to her.
Give it back to him.
Give it back to me!
Give it back to me.
Give it back!
Give it back! It's not yours!
Give it back.
Give it everything you've got.
Give it here.
Give it some gas.
Give it some thought.
Give it some time.
Give it something to drink.
Give it time and you'll see.
Give it time.
Give it to Jean-Luc, too!
Give it to Tom and me.
Give it to Tom.
Give it to anyone you like.
Give it to her.
Give it to him.
Give it to me again.
Give it to me and I'll buy you a new one.
Give it to me immediately.
Give it to me now.
Give it to me or I'll take it by force.
Give it to me straight, doc. Am I going to die?
Give it to me straight.
Give it to me!
Give it to me, Jamal.
Give it to me, Tom.
Give it to me, may God grant you prosperity.
Give it to me, please.
Give it to me.
Give it to my dog. He'll eat anything.
Give it to someone who needs it.
Give it to them.
Give it to us.
Give it to whoever needs it.
Give it to whoever wants it.
Give it to whoever you want.
Give it to whomever you like.
Give it up for Tom on the drums!
Give it up for Tom!
Give it up for her.
Give it up for him.
Give it up for this trooper.
Give it up, Tom.
Give it up.
Give it your all, and you won't be sorry later.
Give it your all, and you won’t be sorry later.
Give it your all.
Give it your best shot.
Give me $1.00 back, please.
Give me 20 quarters and the rest in dimes.
Give me Chloe as a wife.
Give me Mary's phone number and I'll call her.
Give me Tom's address.
Give me Tom's phone number and I'll call him.
Give me Tom's picture.
Give me a beer please!
Give me a beer, please.
Give me a beer.
Give me a bell as soon as you arrive.
Give me a bell tomorrow at nine.
Give me a bell when you get home.
Give me a bell when you're at home.
Give me a bell when you're home.
Give me a big hug.
Give me a bit more time, please.
Give me a bit of shoulder and a bit of thigh so we can make a good couscous.
Give me a bit of water, quick!
Give me a bit of your cake. I'll give you a bit of mine, too.
Give me a bite of that.
Give me a bite of your sandwich, and I'll give you a bite of mine.
Give me a bite.
Give me a blank sheet of paper.
Give me a boost.
Give me a bottle of brandy.
Give me a bottle of water.
Give me a bottle of wine!
Give me a bottle of wine.
Give me a box of matches.
Give me a brandy.
Give me a break here.
Give me a break!
Give me a break, I am doing the best that I can!
Give me a break, please.
Give me a break, will you?
Give me a break, would you?
Give me a break.
Give me a break. If you have something to say, stop making faces and say it.
Give me a bunch of bananas.
Give me a bunch of parsley.
Give me a buzz if you feel like going out tonight.
Give me a call as soon as you're back.
Give me a call back.
Give me a call if you need help.
Give me a call later, OK?
Give me a call later.
Give me a call sometime.
Give me a call tomorrow.
Give me a call tonight.
Give me a call when you get a chance.
Give me a call when you get back.
Give me a call, will you?
Give me a call.
Give me a chance to explain.
Give me a chance to help you.
Give me a chance to make you proud of me.
Give me a chance to prove it to you.
Give me a chance to prove it.
Give me a chance to talk to Tom.
Give me a chance!
Give me a chance, please.
Give me a chance.
Give me a choice.
Give me a cigarette.
Give me a clothespin.
Give me a clue, at least!
Give me a clue, at least.
Give me a clue.
Give me a coat hanger.
Give me a coffee, please.
Give me a coin.
Give me a cookie.
Give me a copy of the Quran.
Give me a copy of this book.
Give me a counterexample.
Give me a couple days.
Give me a couple minutes to get dressed.
Give me a couple more hours.
Give me a couple more minutes.
Give me a couple of minutes alone with Tom.
Give me a couple of minutes to get dressed.
Give me a cup of coffee.
Give me a cup of milk, please.
Give me a cut, wash and dry please.
Give me a day or two.
Give me a day.
Give me a definite answer.
Give me a demonstration.
Give me a description of the scene you saw.
Give me a different example.
Give me a different one.
Give me a different pillow, please.
Give me a donut.
Give me a dozen of them, please.
Give me a dozen of those, please.
Give me a dozen oranges.
Give me a drink, please.
Give me a drink.
Give me a few figs.
Give me a few hours.
Give me a few minutes and I'll find out what's going on.
Give me a few minutes to get dressed.
Give me a few minutes.
Give me a few more minutes.
Give me a few seconds.
Give me a few.
Give me a final answer.
Give me a fishhook.
Give me a fork.
Give me a full glass of water.
Give me a glass of brandy.
Give me a glass of milk!
Give me a glass of milk.
Give me a glass of water, please.
Give me a glass of water.
Give me a good night kiss.
Give me a good one.
Give me a good reason to listen to you now.
Give me a goodbye kiss.
Give me a grenade.
Give me a gun.
Give me a half-kilo of meat.
Give me a ham sandwich.
Give me a hammer.
Give me a hand here, will you, Tom?
Give me a hand here, will you?
Give me a hand here.
Give me a hand in the kitchen.
Give me a hand please.
Give me a hand putting the money in the suitcase.
Give me a hand with the suitcases.
Give me a hand with this bag.
Give me a hand with this case.
Give me a hand with this refrigerator.
Give me a hand with this suitcase.
Give me a hand with this, will you?
Give me a hand with this.
Give me a hand, please.
Give me a hand, since I have this essay to write.
Give me a hand, will you?
Give me a hand.
Give me a hand. If you do, I'll buy you a drink later.
Give me a hand. If you do, I’ll buy you a drink later.
Give me a hand！
Give me a head of cabbage.
Give me a heads-up if you hear anything!
Give me a hint.
Give me a hoist.
Give me a holler.
Give me a hug!
Give me a hug.
Give me a humorous anecdote so I can have a good laugh.
Give me a hundred dollars.
Give me a jingle when you have a chance.
Give me a job.
Give me a key, and I will unlock the universe.
Give me a kilo of tomatoes, please.
Give me a kilogram of peaches.
Give me a kiss now.
Give me a kiss!
Give me a kiss.
Give me a knife to cut this string with.
Give me a knife, please.
Give me a knife.
Give me a lamp.
Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world.
Give me a lift in your car.
Give me a lift to the subway.
Give me a light for my cigarette.
Give me a light, would you?
Give me a light.
Give me a liter of Coke and three glasses.
Give me a little bit more.
Give me a little bit of that.
Give me a little ice cream.
Give me a little kiss.
Give me a little money.
Give me a little more knowledge.
Give me a little more time.
Give me a little more water.
Give me a little more.
Give me a little space.
Give me a little time to think it over.
Give me a little time to think.
Give me a little time.
Give me a little water and quickly!
Give me a little.
Give me a lollipop!
Give me a metal bucket with oil.
Give me a minute and I'm good. If I've got an hour, I'm great. You give me six months, I'm unbeatable.
Give me a minute to catch my breath.
Give me a minute to catch my wind.
Give me a minute to freshen up.
Give me a minute to get my bearings.
Give me a minute to go and get a coffee.
Give me a minute to think about it.
Give me a minute to think.
Give me a minute with Tom.
Give me a minute with her.
Give me a minute with him.
Give me a minute with them.
Give me a minute with you.
Give me a minute, OK?
Give me a minute, please.
Give me a minute, will you?
Give me a minute, would you?
Give me a minute.
Give me a moment to change.
Give me a moment.
Give me a painkiller, please.
Give me a phrase with that word.
Give me a piece of cake, please.
Give me a piece of chalk.
Give me a piece of paper and a pen.
Give me a piece of paper to write on!
Give me a piece of paper to write on.
Give me a piece of paper.
Give me a piece of that over there so I can try it.
Give me a piece.
Give me a pilsner!
Give me a pint of Guinness.
Give me a pomegranate.
Give me a precise answer.
Give me a quarter kilogram of ribs.
Give me a quick ring when you get home.
Give me a quick ring when you're at home.
Give me a quick ring when you're home.
Give me a quote.
Give me a rain-check.
Give me a raise.
Give me a reading on that meter near the boiler.
Give me a reason for doing such a thing.
Give me a reason to stay.
Give me a reason.
Give me a reasonable explanation.
Give me a receipt for the books that have been purchased.
Give me a receipt, please.
Give me a receipt.
Give me a red pen.
Give me a red pencil.
Give me a report upon arrival.
Give me a riddle.
Give me a ride home.
Give me a ride on your shoulders, Daddy.
Give me a ride to Boston.
Give me a ride.
Give me a ring if you find out anything.
Give me a ring tomorrow.
Give me a ring when you decide to marry me.
Give me a ring when you go running.
Give me a room near the elevator.
Give me a sandwich.
Give me a screwdriver.
Give me a sec.
Give me a second chance.
Give me a second, please.
Give me a second.
Give me a shawarma and a diet cola.
Give me a sheet of paper, please.
Give me a sheet of paper.
Give me a shot of brandy.
Give me a shot of everything.
Give me a shot.
Give me a shout as soon as you're ready.
Give me a shout.
Give me a sign!
Give me a sign.
Give me a sip of that.
Give me a sip of your drink.
Give me a slice of cake too!
Give me a slice of pizza.
Give me a smile.
Give me a spoon.
Give me a summary of the book.
Give me a table for two near the window.
Give me a taste.
Give me a telephone call when you get back.
Give me a thousand kisses, then a hundred, then a thousand others, then another hundred, and then, when we've made so many kisses, let's mix them together, so that no one can know the number of kisses, lest some bad person find the number and be envious.
Give me a thousand kisses, then a hundred, then another thousand, then a second hundred, then yet another thousand, then a hundred.
Give me a thousand kisses.
Give me a tip.
Give me a tissue.
Give me a toothpick.
Give me a topic and I'll write four pages for you.
Give me a topic.
Give me a towel.
Give me a visual.
Give me a week.
Give me a white piece of paper.
Give me all of it.
Give me all of your money.
Give me all the details.
Give me all the flowers you have there.
Give me all the money.
Give me all this money.
Give me all your money!
Give me all your money.
Give me an accurate report of what happened.
Give me an adoption application form.
Give me an airmail stamp, please.
Give me an alternative.
Give me an answer!
Give me an apple!
Give me an apple.
Give me an exact answer.
Give me an example of what you mean.
Give me an example sentence.
Give me an example.
Give me an example. I don't understand.
Give me an hour and I'll solve it for you.
Give me an hour and I'll solve it.
Give me an hour.
Give me an olive and some salami, my dear.
Give me an opportunity to prove it.
Give me an orange.
Give me another beer, but this time make sure it's cold, like your heart.
Give me another beer.
Give me another chance to try.
Give me another chance tomorrow.
Give me another chance!
Give me another chance, I learn quickly.
Give me another chance.
Give me another couple of days to think it over.
Give me another cup of coffee.
Give me another cup of tea.
Give me another example.
Give me another hour or so.
Give me another ladder, this one is too shaky.
Give me another little kiss.
Give me another minute, OK?
Give me another minute.
Give me another nail.
Give me another one.
Give me another pillow, please.
Give me another reason.
Give me another shot.
Give me another.
Give me any books you have on the subject.
Give me any help you can.
Give me any pencil.
Give me back my bag.
Give me back my bicycle.
Give me back my book, please.
Give me back my book.
Give me back my book. I need it again.
Give me back my bottle.
Give me back my cap.
Give me back my clarinet.
Give me back my clothes.
Give me back my eraser.
Give me back my glasses.
Give me back my gloves.
Give me back my gun.
Give me back my hat.
Give me back my heart. You don't need it, my love. The sooner you go, the better for me.
Give me back my husband!
Give me back my life.
Give me back my medication.
Give me back my money!
Give me back my money.
Give me back my pants.
Give me back my pen.
Give me back my pencil.
Give me back my phone.
Give me back my ring.
Give me back my rubber.
Give me back my satchel!
Give me back my stuff.
Give me back my tickets.
Give me back my wallet.
Give me back my wig!
Give me back my youth!
Give me back the TV remote.
Give me back the book after you have read it.
Give me back the book after you've read it.
Give me back the money I gave you.
Give me back the remote!
Give me back what belongs to me.
Give me bread and call me a fool.
Give me bread, I am hungry.
Give me call to set up an appointment.
Give me change in bills and coins.
Give me chapter and verse.
Give me chips.
Give me cringe or give me death.
Give me everything you have.
Give me everything you've got.
Give me everything.
Give me evidence to support what the Quran says.
Give me examples in Berber.
Give me fire.
Give me five days.
Give me five gallons of gas, please.
Give me five minutes to finish the last adjustments.
Give me five minutes to finish this dump.
Give me five more minutes.
Give me five or six of them.
Give me five seconds.
Give me five tens and the rest in ones.
Give me five tokens, please.
Give me five!
Give me five.
Give me food for thought, and I will find food for my stomach!
Give me four kisses.
Give me four white plates.
Give me freedom or death.
Give me half a kilo of apples.
Give me half a kilo of tomatoes.
Give me half of it.
Give me half.
Give me her picture!
Give me her picture.
Give me his picture.
Give me it!
Give me it.
Give me just a little more time.
Give me just a little.
Give me just a minute, would you?
Give me just a minute.
Give me just a second.
Give me just one minute.
Give me just three minutes.
Give me liberty or death!
Give me liberty or give me death.
Give me liberty, or give me death!
Give me money!
Give me more milk!
Give me more milk.
Give me more money.
Give me more time.
Give me more work as long as I'm enthusiastic.
Give me my bag.
Give me my beer.
Give me my bicycle back.
Give me my book back.
Give me my cane.
Give me my cap back.
Give me my crutches!
Give me my dinner.
Give me my drink.
Give me my fee.
Give me my glasses, please, so that I can see you better.
Give me my glasses, please.
Give me my glasses.
Give me my handkerchief.
Give me my life back.
Give me my money back, Yanni.
Give me my money back.
Give me my money, Yanni.
Give me my money.
Give me my pay.
Give me my pen back.
Give me my phone.
Give me my portion.
Give me my robe.
Give me my rubber back.
Give me my shirt.
Give me my shoes.
Give me my stick.
Give me my stuff back.
Give me my stuff!
Give me my sweater.
Give me my sword.
Give me my walking stick.
Give me my wives, and my children, for whom I have served thee, that I may depart: thou knowest the service that I have rendered thee.
Give me now the name of the newspaper that you are reading.
Give me olive oil.
Give me one dollar for the book.
Give me one good reason I should do that.
Give me one good reason to believe you.
Give me one good reason to stay.
Give me one good reason why I should do that.
Give me one good reason why I should eat cows rather than dogs.
Give me one good reason why I should help you do that.
Give me one good reason why I should help you.
Give me one good reason why I should stay.
Give me one good reason why I should trust you.
Give me one good reason why I shouldn't dance.
Give me one good reason why I shouldn't do that.
Give me one good reason why I shouldn't fire you right now.
Give me one good reason why I shouldn't stay for another week.
Give me one good reason why you're doing a job you don't love.
Give me one good reason!
Give me one good reason.
Give me one hour and I'll sort it out for you.
Give me one hour.
Give me one kilogram of peaches.
Give me one kiss, two kisses, three kisses, darling.
Give me one last chance!
Give me one last chance.
Give me one millet dumpling, please.
Give me one minute.
Give me one more chance.
Give me one more.
Give me one of those sweets.
Give me one reason I should do it.
Give me one reason I should do that.
Give me one reason I shouldn't do that.
Give me one reason why I should believe you.
Give me one reason why I should do that.
Give me one reason why I should help her.
Give me one reason why I should help him.
Give me one reason why I should help them.
Give me one reason why I should help you do that.
Give me one reason why I should help you.
Give me one reason why I shouldn't do that.
Give me one reason why I shouldn't help Tom.
Give me one reason why you don't like Mennad.
Give me one reason.
Give me one second, would you?
Give me one.
Give me overseas service, please.
Give me papers and pencils.
Give me peace!
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
Give me some advice.
Give me some beautiful sentences in Kabyle.
Give me some beer.
Give me some brandy.
Give me some carrots and other vegetables. I'm going to feed the rabbits.
Give me some chicken soup.
Give me some coffee if there is any left.
Give me some coffee.
Give me some credit.
Give me some details.
Give me some examples.
Give me some food,I am hungry.
Give me some gas money.
Give me some guidance here.
Give me some incentive.
Give me some instructions, please.
Give me some kind of magazines, will you?
Give me some medicine or something.
Give me some milk, too.
Give me some milk.
Give me some money.
Give me some more coffee please.
Give me some more coffee, please.
Give me some more light.
Give me some more milk!
Give me some more tea.
Give me some more time.
Give me some more.
Give me some news!
Give me some of that.
Give me some of those chips.
Give me some of those.
Give me some paper to write on.
Give me some privacy.
Give me some quarters.
Give me some respect.
Give me some room here.
Give me some skin!
Give me some socks, my feet are getting cold.
Give me some space.
Give me some specifics.
Give me some strong coffee as well.
Give me some sugar, too.
Give me some sugar.
Give me some suggestions.
Give me some sympathy.
Give me some tea.
Give me some time to check.
Give me some time to figure out what went wrong.
Give me some time to let it all sink in.
Give me some time to let it sink in.
Give me some time to prepare.
Give me some time to think about it!
Give me some time to think about it.
Give me some time to think about that.
Give me some time to think it over.
Give me some time to think.
Give me some time.
Give me some water!
Give me some water, and make it quick!
Give me some water, and quickly.
Give me some water, please.
Give me some water.
Give me some!
Give me something I can cut this with.
Give me something cold to drink.
Give me something difficult.
Give me something hot to drink.
Give me something nice to drink.
Give me something so I can cut the rope!
Give me something to cut the rope with!
Give me something to cut this rope with.
Give me something to cut this with.
Give me something to do.
Give me something to drink.
Give me something to eat.
Give me something to fix my suitcase with.
Give me something to sign.
Give me something to snack on.
Give me something to throw.
Give me something to wash it down.
Give me something to work with.
Give me something to write on.
Give me something to write with.
Give me something to write with." 
"Is this OK?" "Yeah, that's fine."
Give me something to write.
Give me somewhere to stand and I will move the earth.
Give me strength, God of thunder!
Give me ten minutes.
Give me that back immediately.
Give me that back.
Give me that book back!
Give me that book over there!
Give me that book, please.
Give me that book.
Give me that bottle.
Give me that bottle. This "brandy" tastes good; where does it come from?
Give me that box.
Give me that bread.
Give me that camera, Ziri.
Give me that camera.
Give me that candle.
Give me that cane.
Give me that envelope.
Give me that glass! Quick, please! I don't want to die!
Give me that gun.
Give me that hammer.
Give me that hat.
Give me that iron ball.
Give me that jar.
Give me that jug of water.
Give me that key or I'll rearrange your face.
Give me that key.
Give me that knife.
Give me that lampshade.
Give me that laptop.
Give me that little notebook.
Give me that magazine, please.
Give me that money.
Give me that one instead.
Give me that one there.
Give me that one.
Give me that or I'll kill you.
Give me that other box.
Give me that phone back.
Give me that phone book.
Give me that phone.
Give me that piece of paper, and I will inspect it!
Give me that rake.
Give me that samosa.
Give me that shield.
Give me that shovel.
Give me that soccer ball.
Give me that stick before you blind somebody.
Give me that thing.
Give me that trumpet.
Give me that weapon.
Give me that!
Give me that! It's mine!
Give me that.
Give me the Geiger counter.
Give me the Portuguese book.
Give me the T-shirt.
Give me the address again.
Give me the armor.
Give me the armour.
Give me the arrow.
Give me the backpack.
Give me the ball!
Give me the ball.
Give me the ballpoint pen.
Give me the big knife to cut the bread.
Give me the bill, please.
Give me the book back once you've finished reading it.
Give me the book you promised me.
Give me the book.
Give me the bottle.
Give me the bottom line.
Give me the bottom of your feet.
Give me the box.
Give me the bread!
Give me the bucket, quick!
Give me the car key, please.
Give me the car keys, please.
Give me the car keys.
Give me the cat!
Give me the chance to help you.
Give me the cheapest round trip flights from Indianapolis to Orlando around 25th December.
Give me the cheese.
Give me the contents of the contract.
Give me the coordinates.
Give me the cup of coffee!
Give me the cutting board.
Give me the details of it.
Give me the details.
Give me the diamonds.
Give me the equivalent in dollars.
Give me the facts.
Give me the file.
Give me the files.
Give me the forks.
Give me the gist.
Give me the green book.
Give me the gun.
Give me the headphones.
Give me the helmet.
Give me the journal!
Give me the key to that castle!
Give me the key to this castle!
Give me the key to this lock!
Give me the key.
Give me the keys so I can unlock the door.
Give me the keys to your car.
Give me the keys.
Give me the keys. I'll drive.
Give me the kiwi.
Give me the knife and let me slice the bread.
Give me the knife.
Give me the lampshade.
Give me the letter.
Give me the liberty to know, to utter, and to argue freely according to conscience, above all liberties.
Give me the little book.
Give me the magazine, please.
Give me the magnifying glass, please.
Give me the main points now.
Give me the map.
Give me the metal bucket with the oil in it.
Give me the mic.
Give me the microphone.
Give me the milk.
Give me the money back.
Give me the money in fives and tens.
Give me the money you owe me and I'll be gone.
Give me the money!
Give me the money.
Give me the most expensive one.
Give me the name of my brother's murderer.
Give me the names of three American presidents!
Give me the next one.
Give me the notebook.
Give me the number.
Give me the olive oil.
Give me the other one.
Give me the other set of keys, Tom.
Give me the paper.
Give me the password.
Give me the pen.
Give me the pencil.
Give me the phone, OK?
Give me the phone, Tom.
Give me the phone.
Give me the pleasure of having lunch with me.
Give me the pleasure of keeping quiet.
Give me the pomegranate.
Give me the power drill!
Give me the reason for which you were absent yesterday.
Give me the remote control. I'm too tired to move.
Give me the report on Monday.
Give me the report.
Give me the rifle!
Give me the rifle.
Give me the ring, please.
Give me the ring.
Give me the rope.
Give me the rota, please.
Give me the salt, please.
Give me the same, please.
Give me the screwdriver.
Give me the shield.
Give me the shirt.
Give me the short version.
Give me the shovel.
Give me the slippers! Hey! Give them to me!
Give me the small book.
Give me the soap.
Give me the sponge.
Give me the spoon.
Give me the sword.
Give me the thing I want.
Give me the tickets.
Give me the toy.
Give me the wand.
Give me the watch.
Give me the wine.
Give me the wrapper, so that I can throw it in the wastebasket already.
Give me these 8 crimson apples please.
Give me thirty dollars now and I'll pay you back Monday.
Give me thirty minutes.
Give me thirty seconds.
Give me this hat.
Give me this.
Give me those cookies.
Give me those gloves.
Give me those little books.
Give me those socks, my feet are getting cold.
Give me those things.
Give me those.
Give me three good reasons why we should do that.
Give me three hours.
Give me three ice creams, please.
Give me three minutes.
Give me three months.
Give me three more apples.
Give me three of each.
Give me three of everything.
Give me three of those.
Give me three pieces of chalk.
Give me three pieces of salmon.
Give me three reais worth of bread.
Give me three weeks.
Give me till tomorrow afternoon.
Give me time to finish this.
Give me time to give you everything I have!
Give me time to relax.
Give me time to take a shower.
Give me time to think about it.
Give me time to think it over.
Give me time to think.
Give me time.
Give me tofu!
Give me toothpaste to eat.
Give me two black shirts.
Give me two hours.
Give me two ice creams, please.
Give me two kisses.
Give me two minutes.
Give me two pieces of chalk.
Give me two red roses and three white ones.
Give me water to drink.
Give me water!
Give me water.
Give me what I need.
Give me what I want.
Give me what belongs to me.
Give me what is mine.
Give me what you have in your hand.
Give me what you have now.
Give me what you've got in your hand.
Give me what you've got.
Give me what's mine.
Give me wine, please.
Give me your account of the death.
Give me your address and telephone number.
Give me your address.
Give me your answer, I beg you.
Give me your answer, do.
Give me your arm.
Give me your arrow.
Give me your attention, please.
Give me your backpack.
Give me your bag.
Give me your belt.
Give me your best food.
Give me your best smile.
Give me your blessing.
Give me your blood, I will give you freedom.
Give me your book.
Give me your bow.
Give me your bra.
Give me your car keys.
Give me your cell phone card.
Give me your cell phone.
Give me your clothes.
Give me your coat, please.
Give me your coat. I'll hang it up.
Give me your credit card.
Give me your daughter.
Give me your flashlight.
Give me your food.
Give me your frank opinion.
Give me your gum.
Give me your gun.
Give me your hand!
Give me your hand, I'll explain it to you later.
Give me your hand, Jamal.
Give me your hand, Mennad.
Give me your hand, Tom.
Give me your hand, my love.
Give me your hand.
Give me your hand. I'll explain later.
Give me your hands.
Give me your honest opinion.
Give me your impression of this book.
Give me your keys.
Give me your keys. You're staying over.
Give me your knife.
Give me your little hand!
Give me your location.
Give me your lunch, nerd!
Give me your money or else I'll beat you up.
Give me your money!
Give me your money, white man.
Give me your money.
Give me your name and surname now.
Give me your names.
Give me your number.
Give me your opinion, please.
Give me your opinion.
Give me your other hand.
Give me your passport, Tom. I'll keep it in my safe.
Give me your passport, Tom. I’ll keep it in my safe.
Give me your passport.
Give me your passport. I'll keep it in my safe.
Give me your phone number and I'll call you back.
Give me your phone number, just in case.
Give me your phone number.
Give me your phone.
Give me your pistol.
Give me your price.
Give me your purse and your cellphone.
Give me your ring.
Give me your sandwich.
Give me your shirt.
Give me your sidearm.
Give me your sword.
Give me your telephone number.
Give me your telephone.
Give me your thoughts.
Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.
Give me your tongue.
Give me your wallet and everything you have.
Give me your wallet and your watch.
Give me your wallet and your watch. Hurry up!
Give me your wallet.
Give me your wallets.
Give me your watch.
Give me your weapon.
Give me your weapons.
Give me your word that you won't do that.
Give me your word that you won't tell Tom about this.
Give me your word you won't do that.
Give me your word you won't leave without saying goodbye to Tom.
Give me your word you'll take care of Tom.
Give me yours!
Give me yours. You don't need it anymore.
Give me!
Give me, I'll do it!
Give medicine to the patient right away.
Give men something to play with and they'll become adults.
Give my best regards to all your family.
Give my best regards to your family.
Give my best regards to your parents.
Give my best respects to your parents.
Give my best to Tom.
Give my best to your family.
Give my best to your wife, Tom.
Give my book back to me.
Give my book back, please!
Give my flute back.
Give my guitar back.
Give my love to Auntie.
Give my love to Skura.
Give my love to Tom.
Give my love to her.
Give my love to him.
Give my love to your family.
Give my love to your kids.
Give my love to your parents.
Give my regards to Tom.
Give my regards to grandpa.
Give my regards to her.
Give my regards to him.
Give my regards to your aunt and uncle.
Give my regards to your family.
Give my regards to your folks.
Give my regards to your mother!
Give my regards to your parents.
Give my regards to your sister.
Give my regards to your wife.
Give my shoes a good shine.
Give my thanks to your son.
Give my ticket to somebody else.
Give orders also that they take wagons out of the land of Egypt, for the carriage of their children and their wives; and say: Take up your father, and make haste to come with all speed.
Give our compliments to the chef.
Give peace a chance!
Give peace a chance.
Give peace, Lord.
Give people a second chance.
Give people space if they want it.
Give people time.
Give people what they want.
Give place to your betters.
Give priority to elder people!
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.
Give some cookies to Tom.
Give some examples.
Give some meat to the dog.
Give some milk to the cat.
Give some oil to the cat who has swallowed poison, girls; quickly!
Give some time to pimp up a little before we leave.
Give somebody else a chance to do that.
Give someone an inch, and they will take a mile.
Give someone else a chance to do that.
Give someone else a chance.
Give someone else the chance.
Give someone the little finger, and he will take the whole hand.
Give sorrow words: the grief that does not speak whispers the o’er-fraught heart, and bids it break.
Give tea.
Give thanks to the Lord for the blessing of life.
Give that a good thinking.
Give that back to Tom.
Give that back to me immediately.
Give that back to me, please.
Give that back to me.
Give that book back to me.
Give that book to anyone who wants it.
Give that candle to me.
Give that cat to us.
Give that guy a piece of your mind.
Give that rifle to Tom.
Give that soccer ball to me.
Give that to Tom and me.
Give that to Tom.
Give that to him.
Give that to me!
Give that to me, please.
Give that to me.
Give the administration a chance.
Give the baby his pacifier.
Give the ball here! You've been hogging it the whole time!
Give the birds water; they want to drink.
Give the book back to me when you are done with it.
Give the book back to the owner.
Give the book to the guy who wants it.
Give the book to whoever wants it.
Give the book to whomever wants it.
Give the box to Tom.
Give the boy a toy, Tom.
Give the boy the money you owe him.
Give the brakes a rest!
Give the canary some fresh fruits and vegetables as treats.
Give the car a push for me, will you?
Give the car keys to Tom.
Give the cat a cozy spot to sleep, like a soft blanket.
Give the cat some meat.
Give the cat some milk!
Give the cat some milk.
Give the cat some space when she's sleeping or resting.
Give the chair to me.
Give the child no more money than they need.
Give the children chicken eggs or prawns or crabs to get rid of the measles and only then will you give me the medicine.
Give the clothes a try.
Give the correct answer immediately.
Give the devil his due.
Give the dog regular baths to keep it clean.
Give the dog some treats.
Give the dog some water.
Give the ducks some bread.
Give the flashlight to me.
Give the girl a toy, Tom.
Give the girl something to eat.
Give the glasses a good boil.
Give the hamster some time alone in its cage to rest.
Give the house to my daughter.
Give the key to Tom.
Give the keys to Tom.
Give the keys to me.
Give the kid a break.
Give the kitten plenty of love and attention, they need it.
Give the lady a cigarette.
Give the land back.
Give the lantern to me.
Give the man a medal.
Give the milk to the cat.
Give the money back to Tom.
Give the money to my son.
Give the orders, and we'll obey.
Give the parrot plenty of toys to keep it entertained.
Give the password.
Give the people the freedom to sink their own boat.
Give the phone to Tom.
Give the public what they want.
Give the remote control back to me.
Give the scraps to the dog.
Give the stray cats some food.
Give the table a wipe.
Give the television remote control back to me.
Give the tree a shake so the dry leaves and fruit fall off.
Give the unused material to Tom.
Give them a break.
Give them a call and express your concerns.
Give them a call.
Give them a chance.
Give them a choice.
Give them a couple of minutes.
Give them a hand, will you?
Give them a hand.
Give them a minute.
Give them a moment.
Give them a second chance.
Give them a second.
Give them all of it.
Give them an inch and they'll take a mile.
Give them any help you can.
Give them back to Tom.
Give them back to him.
Give them everything we've got.
Give them everything you've got.
Give them four choices.
Give them hell!
Give them just enough food every day.
Give them money!
Give them money.
Give them my number.
Give them my regards.
Give them some money.
Give them some privacy.
Give them some time.
Give them something to drink.
Give them something to eat.
Give them that persimmon.
Give them the $300.
Give them the disk.
Give them the facts.
Give them the gun.
Give them the keys.
Give them this bag.
Give them this picture.
Give them three hundred dollars.
Give them to Tom.
Give them to her.
Give them to him.
Give them to me!
Give them to me.
Give them to us.
Give them water to drink.
Give them water!
Give them what they need.
Give them what they want.
Give them your best.
Give these children three pieces each.
Give these cookies to Tom.
Give these tickets to Tom.
Give these to Tom.
Give these to her.
Give this admission ticket to someone who wants it.
Give this book to Ramu.
Give this book to Tom.
Give this book to whoever wants it.
Give this car to Tom.
Give this copy to Tom.
Give this copy to her.
Give this copy to him.
Give this copy to them.
Give this entrance ticket to someone who wants it.
Give this envelope to Tom.
Give this hat to your mother!
Give this medicine to Tom.
Give this money to God and He will bless you.
Give this money to Tom.
Give this sandwich to Tom.
Give this ticket to whoever comes first.
Give this to Ramu.
Give this to Tom after I leave.
Give this to Tom to sign.
Give this to Tom when he comes in.
Give this to Tom when you see him.
Give this to Tom.
Give this to anybody who wants it.
Give this to her.
Give this to him.
Give this to me.
Give this to someone else.
Give this to them.
Give this to us.
Give this to your son.
Give this umbrella to Tom.
Give those biscuits to Tom.
Give those cookies to Tom.
Give those cookies to her.
Give those cookies to him.
Give those cookies to me.
Give those cookies to them.
Give those cookies to us.
Give those to Tom.
Give two examples of mammals.
Give up already.
Give up on this one. You're wasting your time.
Give up on this one. You’re wasting your time.
Give up smoking if you want to live long.
Give up such ideas.
Give up that idea.
Give up!
Give up, give up your vain pursuit!
Give up.
Give us a bit more time, please.
Give us a break!
Give us a break.
Give us a call as soon as you get to Australia.
Give us a call as soon as you get to Boston.
Give us a call when you arrive.
Give us a call.
Give us a chance to get better.
Give us a chance to improve.
Give us a chance to investigate it.
Give us a chance.
Give us a couple more minutes.
Give us a couple of hours.
Give us a demonstration.
Give us a few hours.
Give us a few minutes.
Give us a hand, will you?
Give us a hand.
Give us a hint.
Give us a little more time.
Give us a little more.
Give us a little space.
Give us a little time.
Give us a minute alone.
Give us a minute, OK?
Give us a minute, will you?
Give us a minute, would you, please?
Give us a minute, would you?
Give us a minute.
Give us a moment alone.
Give us a moment, please.
Give us a moment.
Give us a ride downtown.
Give us a second chance.
Give us a second.
Give us a sign!
Give us a sign.
Give us a true account of what happened.
Give us all of it.
Give us all of your money.
Give us all the details.
Give us an answer first.
Give us an example.
Give us an update.
Give us another hint.
Give us any help you can.
Give us everything you have.
Give us everything you've got.
Give us five minutes.
Give us just a minute.
Give us just one minute.
Give us more time.
Give us one more chance.
Give us one second.
Give us our daughter back.
Give us peace with your tangled hair: go brush it!
Give us peace!
Give us peace.
Give us peas.
Give us some alms, we beg of you! We are old, tired, and sick.
Give us some help.
Give us some money.
Give us some of those.
Give us some privacy, will you?
Give us some privacy.
Give us some room here.
Give us some space.
Give us some time alone.
Give us some time.
Give us some tips on how to interact with teenagers.
Give us something to do.
Give us something to drink.
Give us something to eat.
Give us something to work on.
Give us something to work with.
Give us the details.
Give us the gun.
Give us the key.
Give us the keys.
Give us the sign to go soon.
Give us the tools, and we will finish the job.
Give us the tools, and we'll finish the job.
Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our debts, as we also have forgiven our debtors.
Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our sins as we forgive those who sin against us.
Give us this day our daily bread.
Give us those.
Give us three minutes.
Give us time to prepare.
Give us time to talk about it.
Give us time to talk it over.
Give us time to think it over.
Give us two knives and four forks, please.
Give us water to drink.
Give us what we want.
Give us your blessing.
Give us your gold watch. We need it for our economic security.
Give us your house address.
Give us your opinion.
Give us your thoughts.
Give variety to your meals.
Give water to the thirsty and food to the hungry.
Give way to oncoming vehicles.
Give way to the birds.
Give way to them.
Give what you can and take what you need.
Give what you like.
Give your argument against going.
Give your best effort in all that you do.
Give your best effort in everything you do.
Give your best employees more autonomy.
Give your best employees more independence.
Give your carpet to that person.
Give your dog something to eat.
Give your employees acknowledgment.
Give your eyes time to adjust to the dark.
Give your grandmother a hug.
Give your guinea pig plenty of love and attention.
Give your kids peanuts when they're babies to stave off allergies.
Give your mom a kiss.
Give your mother a kiss.
Give your mother my best regards.
Give your mother my best!
Give your mother my best.
Give your opinion.
Give your papers in.
Give your parakeet some toys for entertainment and exercise.
Give your passport number and your date of birth.
Give your power sound bite as your first sentence and establish instant intimacy with your audience.
Give your puppy plenty of love and attention.
Give your puppy safe and appropriate toys to play with.
Give your seat to the old man.
Give your teeth some love with a good brushing.
Give your thoughts some space!
Give your tortoise some time alone to rest and relax.
Give your whole attention to what you are doing.
Give your windshield a wipe.
Give your work love.
Give yourself a break once in a while.
Give yourself a break.
Give yourself a little trouble.
Give yourself a pat on the back.
Give yourself a pat on the back. You deserve it.
Give yourself enough time.
Give yourself plenty of time.
Give yourself rest days to avoid overtraining.
Give yourself short-term goals and reward yourself when you reach each one.
Give yourself some credit.
Give yourself some time.
Give yourself time.
Give yourself to your work with body and soul.
Give yourself value.
Give yourselves a round of applause.
Give yourselves plenty of time.
Give yourselves some time.
Give!
Give! Giiive!!!
Give, and it will be given to you.
Given a high level of bond issues, the cost to service them will increase.
Given all the books you've written, would it really be so hard to write a small article?
Given another chance, I think I could do better.
Given another chance, he'd do his best.
Given emojis' popularity in cross-cultural communication, could it replace other languages?
Given enough time, we can do everything that they have requested.
Given enough time, we can do everything they've requested.
Given good weather, we will reach there tomorrow.
Given health, one can do anything.
Given her complete lack of gratitude after all that I had done for her, I told myself that I would have done better by banging my head against the wall.
Given her inexperience, she has done well.
Given her interest in children, I am sure teaching is the right career for her.
Given only thirty minutes, we couldn't answer all the questions.
Given only thirty minutes, we couldn’t answer all the questions.
Given our interdependence, any world order that elevates one nation or group of people over another will inevitably fail. So whatever we think of the past, we must not be prisoners of it.
Given such a situation what else could I do?
Given that I sleep too little, I get sleepy during the day.
Given that Tom and Mary are suspicious, I wonder.
Given that in San Francisco, for example, $200,000 buys you just 260 square feet, it's understandable why top-earners give renting a serious try before deciding whether to invest in a property or not.
Given that our lifespan is relatively short, we'd better reach for the stars in both our social and professional life.
Given that the police are fully permitted (and possibly expected) to use lethal force when faced with an attacker wielding a deadly weapon, I fail to see how they can be held at fault for drawing their sidearms when the woman pulled a huge knife on them.
Given that this is true, what should we do?
Given the UK's consistent alignment with the US's aggressive interventionist policies, London should genuinely explore the possibility of becoming a state within the United States.
Given the UK's consistent backing of the US's aggressive interventionist policies, London should seriously explore the possibility of becoming a state within the United States.
Given the UK's dedicated endorsement of the US's aggressive interventions, London should genuinely assess the viability of becoming a US state.
Given the UK's fervent and active support for the US's aggressive interventions globally, London should genuinely reflect upon the possibility of joining the United States as a constituent state.
Given the UK's unwavering and active support for the US's aggressive interventions worldwide, London should seriously contemplate the option of becoming a US state.
Given the amount of apathy in the world, today is the most revolutionary day.
Given the atomic numbers 113, 115, 117 and 118, the four new elements have been named Nihonium (Nh), Moscovium (Mc), Tennessine (Ts) and Oganesson (Og), respectively.
Given the circumstances, it was inevitable that such an incident should take place.
Given the circumstances, it’s understandable.
Given the complexity of the problem, you will need more time to solve it.
Given the consistent support and participation of the UK, Canada, and Australia in the US's aggressive interventions, they should seriously explore the idea of establishing a global Anglo-Saxon union to enforce their collective dominance globally.
Given the lovely smell, there's no doubting that lunch is ready.
Given the opportunity, I'd do this again.
Given the opportunity, I'd like to visit Boston.
Given the right conditions, compost worms can reproduce at a phenomenal rate.
Given the shared commitment of the UK, Canada, and Australia to participate in the US's aggressive interventions, they should earnestly deliberate on the formation of a global Anglo-Saxon union to assert their collective "civilized" global dominance.
Given the shared enthusiasm of the UK, Canada, and Australia for engaging in the US's aggressive interventions, they should earnestly consider forming a global Anglo-Saxon union to project their collective "civilized" dominance worldwide.
Given the urgency of the problem, researchers have turned to stomach or bariatric surgery for diabetic patients. In two studies published recently in the New England Journal of Medicine, researchers at Ohio's Cleveland Clinic report surgery that reduced the size of the stomach — typically performed to remove cancerous tumors or speed weight loss in the morbidly obese — also reversed diabetes in 40 percent of patients. Italian researchers, reporting on the results of a more radical gastric procedure, say 75 percent of diabetes patients in their study went into remission, while 95 percent were effectively cured.
Given time, we should be able to solve this problem.
Given your level, you may consider atoms as being the fundamental building blocks of the matter all around us, you included.
Giverny is the region’s second most popular tourist attraction after Mont Saint-Michel island.
Giving Tom a bicycle was a good idea.
Giving Tom a knife wasn't a good idea.
Giving Tom some help would be a good idea.
Giving Tom some help would be a start.
Giving Tom the bike was a good idea.
Giving a scholarship to that ignorant, shiftless student is an injustice.
Giving advice to him is like talking to a brick wall.
Giving birth is extremely painful.
Giving birth to newborns is a priceless life gift.
Giving birth to newborns is the most meaningful thing that the whole humanity has ever done.
Giving birth to newborns is the most sacred life gift that we can offer them.
Giving birth to newborns is the most senseless thing that the whole humanity has ever done.
Giving children more time to study is a good thing.
Giving feedback is one way you can help us.
Giving gifts is always nicer than receiving them.
Giving me an attitude won't solve anything.
Giving presents is often more enjoyable than receiving them.
Giving puberty blockers to children is a crime.
Giving puberty blockers to children is child abuse.
Giving something makes you feel very good.
Giving speeches isn't Tom's strong suit.
Giving such large contributions to charities made him feel that he had a feather in his cap.
Giving thanks can make you happier.
Giving the classics.
Giving up a blowjob was not like me.
Giving up drinking for a year is healthy.
Giving up drinking is not an easy task.
Giving up is always an option.
Giving up isn't an option.
Giving up isn't the answer.
Giving up isn’t the answer.
Giving up smoking is the easiest thing in the world. I know because I've done it thousands of times.
Giving up smoking is the easiest thing in the world. I know because I’ve done it thousands of times.
Giving up smoking isn't easy.
Giving up their arms is not the victors' part.
Giving up what you want is hard, but sometimes we have no other choice.
Giving up would mean losing everything that's been achieved so far.
Giving up your dignity is like trading a horse for a donkey.
Gjerde, a Californian, uses the backyard for her workout space, completing workouts online with an instructor at her usual yoga studio.
Glacial lake outburst floods, or GLOFs, are increasing in frequency as climate change increases the rate of glacial melting.
Glacial meltwater is not purer than other types of water.
Glacial water gets its colour from rock flour.
Glaciers and snow cover are shrinking.
Glaciers are frozen rivers. They flow like rivers, only much slower.
Glaciers are huge bodies of dense ice.
Glaciers are melting because of global warming.
Glaciers are not only found in the Alps.
Glaciers are the clinical thermometers of our planet.
Glaciers are the medical thermometers of our planet.
Glaciers around the world are melting.
Glaciers, land ice and icebergs are made of fresh water.
Glad I am to be working with you.
Glad this information was helpful to you.
Glad to be able to assist you.
Glad to have you back.
Glad to hear it.
Glad to hear that.
Glad to know you're fine.
Glad to meet you!
Glad to meet you.
Glad to see you again.
Glad to see you, Tom.
Glad we got back in time.
Glad we're together.
Glad you found this lesson useful.
Glad you gave time.
Glad you like it.
Glad you're fine.
Gladiatorial combat took place in Roman amphitheatres.
Gladiators fought in the Colosseum in ancient times.
Gladiators fought in the Colosseum.
Gladiators fought to death inside the Colosseum.
Gladiators fought to the death inside the Coliseum.
Gladiators fought with lions inside the Colosseum.
Gladly pass the souls of the righteous to the golden seat of Ahura Mazda, to the golden seat of the Amesha-Spentas, to the GarÃ´-nmÃ¢nem, the abode of Ahura Mazda, the abode of the Amesha-Spentas, the abode of all the other holy beings.
Gladly pass the souls of the righteous to the golden seat of Ahura Mazda, to the golden seat of the Amesha-Spentas, to the Garô-nmânem, the abode of Ahura Mazda, the abode of the Amesha-Spentas, the abode of all the other holy beings.
Gladly, Yanni survived the accident.
Gladly, Yanni survived the incident.
Gladly, but I am not a good actor.
Gladly, but I am not a strong actor.
Gladly.
Gladys was full of every womanly quality.
Glancing at her phone, she noticed that it was already quarter to four.
Glancing back, I saw a tall man pushing his way furiously through the crowd, and waving his hand as if he desired to have the train stopped.
Glancing down, Enrico caught a glimpse of a huge shark in the water.
Glancing upward, I saw the aperture, a small blue disc, in which a star was visible.
Glancing wide over hill and dale, the fair bridal procession at last reached the parish church, which they nearly filled.
Glands secrete chemical substances into the body.
Glasgow is about 550 km north-west of London.
Glass bottles aren't used much anymore.
Glass breaks easily.
Glass developed dramatically in the Roman era when glass blowing techniques were invented.
Glass from windows and drinkware can't be recycled together with other containers.
Glass has the ability to be broken under pressure.
Glass is a cheap material and 100% recyclable.
Glass is a transparent and easily breakable material.
Glass is an important material.
Glass is breakable.
Glass is cheaper than aluminum.
Glass is fragile.
Glass is made from sand.
Glass is transparent.
Glass jars may be used for home canning.
Glass piles up waiting to be melted near the workshop, where there is also a shop selling glassware.
Glass suddenly spread when the blowing technique was discovered in Roman antiquity.
Glass will adsorb water readily, which is why we see a thin film of water on recently washed drinking glasses.
Glasses and dishes were broken.
Glasses are more convenient for me than contact lenses.
Glasses off! We need to see you clearly to compare you with your passport photo.
Glasswork came from Persia by way of the Silk Road.
Gleam is a tan colored fawn owned by rapunzel.
Glen Elgin is a whiskey distillery.
Glenn has two friends who are women.
Glenn has two girlfriends.
Glenn just locked eyes with me!
Gliders, sail planes, they're wonderful flying machines. It's the closest you can come to being a bird.
Gliese 581 is a star in the constellation Libra named after the German astronomer Wilhelm Gliese. It is a red dwarf, and is among the 100 closest stars to the Sun. We know that it has at least three planetary companions: Gliese 581 b, c and e.
Glittens are fingerless gloves with a mitten.
Glittering castles in Spain were shaping themselves out of the mists and rainbows of her lively fancy.
Glittering skyscrapers, the country's largest theme park, and even huge train networks all vanished into a dark world.
GloFish are genetically modified aquarium fish.
Global agricultural output was expanding.
Global capital is too often unaccountable—nearly $8 trillion stashed away in tax havens, a shadow banking system that grows beyond the reach of effective oversight.
Global carbon dioxide emissions rose by point-six percent this year, according to a new estimate.
Global climate change is everybody's problem.
Global climate change is one of the greatest threats facing humanity.
Global climatic changes may have been responsible for the extinction of the dinosaurs.
Global cobalt prices have tripled since May 2003 and they now stand at a record $55,100 per tonne.
Global pandemics are basically unavoidable.
Global sea level has been rising over the past century, and the rate has increased in recent decades.
Global sea level has risen by about 8 inches since reliable record keeping began in 1880. It is projected to rise another 1 to 4 feet by 2100.
Global sea levels are rising.
Global stock indexes surged Wednesday as U.S. government leaders agreed on a $2 trillion rescue package for the world’s largest economy.
Global supply chains were disrupted by the coronavirus pandemic.
Global trade enables a wider exchange of goods.
Global warming can cause serious problems for wild animals, too.
Global warming could accelerate the expansion of the Sahara desert in Algeria.
Global warming could exacerbate desertification in Algeria.
Global warming hasn't stopped.
Global warming is a big problem.
Global warming is a serious threat to our planet; in the meantime, it is important to adopt sustainable measures to reduce the environmental impact.
Global warming is causing shifts in precipitation patterns, leading to wetter conditions in some areas and drier conditions in others.
Global warming is increasing the frequency of crippling heat waves in Algeria.
Global warming is on track to transform mountain peaks to bare rocks in a little less than a century.
Global warming since 1997 has occurred more than twice as fast as previously estimated.
Global warming will cause coastal flooding.
Global warming will change the patterns of the weather world-wide.
Global warming worries scientists.
Global warming, the term is so outdated, it's called climate change now.
Globalisation has led to 24-hour trading.
Globalise or die.
Globalists want to terminate the property till 2030.
Globalization brought us the possibility of fast and instantaneous communication.
Globalization destroys the diversity of languages.
Globalization doesn't just take place in the economy, but also in culture.
Globalization has gone mad: why transport Spanish cucumbers to exterminate the Northern Germans when half of them live in Mallorca? We need to rationalize all of that and adopt a more solid method of bacterial decontamination.
Globalize or die.
Globally, Muslims strive for peaceful solutions.
Globally, October was 0.69°C warmer than the average October from 1981-2010, making it by a narrow margin the warmest October in this data record. Europe generally saw above-average temperatures, with the exception of most of the north and north-west of the continent. Temperatures were much above average in large parts of the Arctic.
Globally, around 26 million tons of plastic ends up in the ocean every year.
Globally, eight of the world's 10 largest cities are near a coast, according to the U.N. Atlas of the Oceans.
Globally, the 10 warmest years on record all occurred since 1998.
Globally, the twelve-month period from November 2018 to October 2019 was 0.56°C warmer than the 1981-2010 average. The warmest twelve-month period was from October 2015 to September 2016, with a temperature 0.66°C above average. 2016 is the warmest calendar year on record, with a global temperature 0.63°C above that for 1981-2010.
Globasa does not distinguish between singular and plural nouns.
Globasa has been created with the average world citizen in mind to be as easy as possible to learn and to use without sacrificing clarity and degree of expressiveness.
Globasa has neither definite nor indefinite articles (the words a and the in English).
Globasa has no verb conjugation, meaning that verbs don't change according to the subject (or doer) of the sentence.
Globasa is a cool language.
Globasa is an international auxiliary language.
Globasa is the product of an elaborate thought experiment.
Globasa's design is primarily the work of a linguist, translator and expert in adult language acquisition and teaching.
Globasa's design, reminiscent of the world's creole languages, is the result of the following guiding principles: optimal simplicity, balance, and internationality.
Globes is an Israeli newspaper.
Globish is a simplified form of English.
Gloria hasn't lived in Rio for many years.
Gloria was easily the best singer of that evening.
Gloria, don't let him feed you that line about his wife not understanding him.
Gloria, don’t let him feed you that line about his wife not understanding him.
Glorify the ocean, but stay on the ground.
Glorious London! Leviathan of human greed; palpitating hot-bed of iniquity and joy; Greek, Roman, Spanish, Saxon, Kelt, Scot, Pict, Norman and Dane have swept over thee like winter storms; and the mighty Cæsar, Julius of old, with a myriad of bucklered warriors and one hundred galleons of sailors, triple-oared mariners, defying wave and fate, have ploughed the placid face of Father Thames, startling the loud cry of hawk and bittern as his royal prows grated on thy strand, or skimmed over the marshes of thy infancy.
Glory be to God.
Glory be to the Father and to the Son and to the Holy Spirit. As it was in the beginning, is now and ever shall be, world without end. Amen.
Glory be to the Lord.
Glory doesn't always accompany success.
Glory follows virtue as if it were its shadow.
Glory is illusory.
Glory is the sun of the dead.
Glory lasts longer than life.
Glory to Algeria!
Glory to Algeria.
Glory to God!
Glory to Ukraine and glory to the heroes!
Glory to Ukraine!
Glory to Ukraine! Glory to the heroes!
Glory to him!
Glory to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Spirit.
Glory to the King of creation.
Glory to you!
Glue the photograph to your application form.
Glue the popsicle sticks together.
Glue the tiles.
Gluons glue quarks together to form particles such as protons.
Gluten brings a lot of problems for celiacs.
Gluten force one! Combine into the shape of a nasty sandwich! Ewww! Disgusting!
Gluten free!
Gluten intolerance can cause inflammation and joint pain.
Gluten is literally seitan.
Gluten is real and it makes people sick.
Gluten-free cookbooks have been available for decades.
Gluteus Maximus was one of the cheekiest Roman emperors.
Glutinous rice is more common in Asian dishes.
Gluttony is a sin.
Gluttony is one of the seven deadly sins.
Glycolysis occurs in the cytosol.
Gmail has its own anti-spam filter built into it.
Gnarly! You were airborne for like 10 seconds.
Gnatho was a glutton whose whole science consisted in eating to excess, drinking till he was inebriated, and satisfying his evil vices after he had indulged in the cup.
Gnomes live in this forest.
Gnosticism was a religious movement older than Christianity. There were both types of Christian and non-Christian Gnosticism because there was syncretism, or mixing. They believed that humans were trapped in their bodies and in this evil material world that was created by a cosmic disaster, by a malevolent deity who was not Christ. Christian Gnostics believed that Christ was one of the aeons or divine beings from the Pleroma, the Divine Realm, as described in the Apocryphon of John, part of the Nag Hammadi Library of Gnostic literature. Salvation was by esoteric knowledge, although ultimately self-knowledge. Gnostics believed in the dualism of the good spirit and evil matter. The material world was an evil place from where Gnostics had to escape. They believed that not all humans had the Divine Spark. The aeons emanated from the Ultimate God, the Monad in the Pleroma. The origins of Gnosticism are unclear today, but probably it came from Persia or further east. It had a lot of Greek influences. Today, after the discovery of the Nag Hammadi Library as leather-bound papyrus codices in a sealed jar in Egypt, in 1945, some people are trying to revive Gnosticism. "Gnōsis" is Greek for knowledge.
Go Browns!
Go Tom! It's your birthday!
Go a little faster!
Go a little faster, please.
Go a little faster.
Go about a kilometre down this road.
Go about half a mile down this road.
Go about your business!
Go about your business.
Go across the bridge.
Go across the river!
Go across the square.
Go across!
Go after Tom.
Go after her. You've still got a chance.
Go after him!
Go after him.
Go after your dreams.
Go ahead alone!
Go ahead and ask Tom.
Go ahead and ask her.
Go ahead and ask him.
Go ahead and ask me any question you want.
Go ahead and ask them.
Go ahead and ask whatever you want.
Go ahead and ask!
Go ahead and ask.
Go ahead and blame me if it makes you feel any better.
Go ahead and call the cops.
Go ahead and call the police.
Go ahead and climb on up!
Go ahead and do it.
Go ahead and do that if that's what you want to do.
Go ahead and do that if you think it'll make you happy.
Go ahead and do that if you want to.
Go ahead and do that if you want.
Go ahead and do that.
Go ahead and do the work.
Go ahead and do what you have to do.
Go ahead and do what you have to.
Go ahead and do what you like.
Go ahead and do what you want to do.
Go ahead and do what you want to.
Go ahead and do what you want.
Go ahead and eat as much as you want.
Go ahead and eat without me.
Go ahead and eat. It will get cold.
Go ahead and finish the job.
Go ahead and get dressed.
Go ahead and have fun.
Go ahead and laugh if you want to.
Go ahead and laugh.
Go ahead and open it up.
Go ahead and pick one.
Go ahead and put your feet up on the footstool.
Go ahead and say so if it hurts.
Go ahead and shoot.
Go ahead and sing.
Go ahead and sit down.
Go ahead and smoke. I don't mind.
Go ahead and smoke; I don't mind.
Go ahead and speak your piece.
Go ahead and start milking.
Go ahead and start pruning the heathers.
Go ahead and start with anything you like.
Go ahead and start without me.
Go ahead and start.
Go ahead and stop me!
Go ahead and take a seat, Kate.
Go ahead and take a seat.
Go ahead and take as many as you need.
Go ahead and take one.
Go ahead and talk, we'll see what you say about him.
Go ahead and talk, we'll see what you say about it.
Go ahead and talk.
Go ahead and talk. I'm listening.
Go ahead and tell him if you want to.
Go ahead and tell me.
Go ahead and tell the others we're coming.
Go ahead and throw it away if you want to.
Go ahead and try it on.
Go ahead and try it.
Go ahead and unwrap your gift.
Go ahead and write your letter. I'll wait.
Go ahead of me!
Go ahead to the end of the street.
Go ahead with this work.
Go ahead with your questions.
Go ahead with your story.
Go ahead with your work.
Go ahead without deviating.
Go ahead without me.
Go ahead!
Go ahead! Don't be shy!
Go ahead, I dare you!
Go ahead, Mary.
Go ahead, Tom.
Go ahead, Ziri.
Go ahead, express it!
Go ahead, finish what you're saying.
Go ahead, gentlemen.
Go ahead, give America all your hard earned money.
Go ahead, it's your turn.
Go ahead, make my day.
Go ahead, open it.
Go ahead, see if I care.
Go ahead, shoot me.
Go ahead, state them!
Go ahead, take a gander.
Go ahead, tell me.
Go ahead, the brown dog won't do you any harm.
Go ahead, try it now.
Go ahead, try it.
Go ahead, try to convince me.
Go ahead, write! And if, more of that, you translated, that would be perfect!
Go ahead.
Go ahead. I'll catch up with you in ten minutes.
Go ahead. I'll meet you downstairs.
Go ahead. I'm listening.
Go ahead. I’ll catch up with you in ten minutes.
Go ahead. Say what you think.
Go ahead. Your party is on the line.
Go alone if you like.
Go alone.
Go along the road.
Go along the street.
Go along this street about five minutes.
Go along this street and turn right at the bank.
Go along this street and you'll come to the post office on the left.
Go along this street and you’ll come to the post office on the left.
Go along this street for a mile.
Go along this street, and you'll find the movie theater.
Go along this street, and you’ll find the movie theater.
Go along with the crowd.
Go and apologise for what you've done.
Go and apologize to Tom.
Go and apologize to her.
Go and apologize to him.
Go and apologize to them.
Go and ask Tom.
Go and ask for help.
Go and ask her.
Go and ask him why he went to prison.
Go and ask him.
Go and ask them.
Go and be happy!
Go and beat up that bully.
Go and bring her back. Beg her if necessary.
Go and bring me the bottle of vanilla you used.
Go and brush your hair.
Go and brush your teeth.
Go and build hospitals in Chile.
Go and build libraries in Belgium.
Go and buy some bread.
Go and buy three bottles of coke.
Go and buy what you can.
Go and call the guests!
Go and call the guests.
Go and change into something dry.
Go and change out of your wet clothes.
Go and change your wet clothes.
Go and check what he's doing upstairs.
Go and clean up your face!
Go and clean your teeth.
Go and close the boot.
Go and close the window, please.
Go and cry a river somewhere else.
Go and do your homework.
Go and don't be afraid. We'll protect you.
Go and don't worry about anything.
Go and eat!
Go and enjoy those figs. They're for you.
Go and fetch Tom.
Go and fetch the food and barbecue from the car.
Go and fight bravely.
Go and find Tom and Mary.
Go and find Tom.
Go and find a locksmith.
Go and find her.
Go and find him.
Go and find it.
Go and find the driver who arrived here yesterday.
Go and find them.
Go and gather together the ancients of Israel, and thou shalt say to them: The Lord God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, hath appeared to me, saying: Visiting I have visited you; and I have seen all that hath befallen you in Egypt.
Go and get Tom now.
Go and get a chair from the next room, please.
Go and get help.
Go and get it.
Go and get me some drinks, the shop is just a stone's throw from here.
Go and get me some drinks, the shop is just a stone’s throw from here.
Go and get me some milk.
Go and get me some wine.
Go and get ready.
Go and get some fresh air.
Go and get some rest.
Go and get the boss!
Go and get the keys. We have to get this door open.
Go and get the money ready.
Go and get the tea from the fridge.
Go and get your helmet.
Go and get your shoes shined.
Go and give this to Tom.
Go and have a look.
Go and have fun.
Go and help Tom, Mary.
Go and help Tom.
Go and help do the washing-up.
Go and help her.
Go and help him.
Go and help them, Bud.
Go and help them, Tom.
Go and help them.
Go and help wash the dishes.
Go and help wash up at the sink!
Go and help wash up, will you?
Go and help wash up.
Go and help your brother.
Go and help your sister.
Go and keep Mary company.
Go and keep Tom company.
Go and learn.
Go and leave me alone!
Go and live in Algeria.
Go and look for Tom.
Go and look for her.
Go and look for him.
Go and look for it.
Go and look for them.
Go and meet him, and while you're about it mail this letter.
Go and meet him, and while you’re about it mail this letter.
Go and open the door.
Go and play outside.
Go and play with children your own age.
Go and play with your friends.
Go and play!
Go and practice Berber.
Go and put the kettle on.
Go and put your clothes on.
Go and read about Islam.
Go and read the Quran.
Go and read the Quranic verses yourself.
Go and read, please, what this firebrand is writing to me!
Go and rest for a bit.
Go and rest.
Go and save Tom first.
Go and save Tom.
Go and save seats for us.
Go and save your sons.
Go and say goodbye to him before he leaves.
Go and say you're sorry.
Go and screw yourself!
Go and see Tom in person.
Go and see Tom.
Go and see for yourself what has happened.
Go and see for yourselves what has happened.
Go and see her.
Go and see him in person.
Go and see him.
Go and see if Mr Wilson is at home.
Go and see if Mr. Wilson is at home.
Go and see if Tom is in his office.
Go and see if Tom is in his room.
Go and see if you can find Tom.
Go and see if you can find her.
Go and see if you can find him.
Go and see if you can find them.
Go and see it.
Go and see the doctor.
Go and see them.
Go and see what Mary is doing and tell her to stop it.
Go and see what Tom is doing in the garage.
Go and see what Tom is doing upstairs.
Go and see what Tom is doing.
Go and see what is going on!
Go and see what's going on.
Go and see what's up.
Go and see who it is.
Go and see who's there.
Go and see why the dogs are barking.
Go and see!
Go and shower first.
Go and sit by your father.
Go and sit next to Tom.
Go and smoke on the balcony.
Go and speak to my colleague.
Go and stand next to your car.
Go and study in Canada.
Go and take a cold shower.
Go and take a look.
Go and take food to Tom.
Go and talk to Tom.
Go and talk to her, Tom. What are you afraid of?
Go and talk to her.
Go and talk to him.
Go and talk to them.
Go and tell Tom and Mary.
Go and tell Tom to get ready.
Go and tell Tom.
Go and tell him.
Go and tell them we're here.
Go and tell them.
Go and think about what you've done.
Go and try it yourself.
Go and visit your mother.
Go and wait outside.
Go and wake Mary up.
Go and wake Mary.
Go and wake Tom up.
Go and wake her up.
Go and wake him up.
Go and wake them up.
Go and wake up Mary.
Go and watch this video.
Go and watch those videos.
Go annoy somebody else.
Go annoy someone else.
Go any time you want, tomorrow afternoon.
Go apologize to Tom now.
Go around it.
Go around that way.
Go as far as the crossroads and then turn right.
Go as fast as possible.
Go as fast as you can.
Go ask Tom right away.
Go ask Tom what he wants.
Go ask him to come.
Go ask your father.
Go at it hard.
Go at once, or you will be late for school.
Go at once, otherwise you will be late.
Go away and don't come back.
Go away and leave me alone!
Go away and leave me alone.
Go away before I call the police.
Go away before they see you here.
Go away from here!
Go away from my homeland.
Go away from my place.
Go away from the window.
Go away now and I'll forget this happened.
Go away now.
Go away or I'm calling the police!
Go away right now!
Go away right now.
Go away!
Go away! I don't want to hear you again.
Go away! I don't want to hear your voice anymore.
Go away! I don't want to see you.
Go away! I hate you!
Go away! I won't listen to you any longer.
Go away, I want to be alone!
Go away, Satan!
Go away, Tom.
Go away, Tom. I don't want to see you here.
Go away, Tom. I don't want to talk to you.
Go away, Tom. You're driving me nuts!
Go away, Ziri.
Go away, and stop bothering me!
Go away, don't bother me.
Go away, leave me alone!
Go away, or I'm calling the police!
Go away, please!
Go away.
Go away. And don't come back.
Go away. Can't you see I'm busy?
Go away. Can't you see that I'm busy?
Go away. I don't want to see you.
Go away. I don't want to talk to you.
Go away. I want to be alone.
Go away. I was here first.
Go away. I'm busy.
Go away. You're not welcome here.
Go away: I'm working.
Go away; I can't stand the sight of you!
Go back ahead!
Go back and finish your speech.
Go back and sit down quietly and hold your tongue and behave as a good girl should.
Go back and sleep!
Go back downstairs.
Go back home and call the police!
Go back home and stay there.
Go back home to Australia.
Go back home!
Go back home.
Go back immediately.
Go back in the room.
Go back in there.
Go back in your room.
Go back in.
Go back inside the cabin.
Go back inside.
Go back outside.
Go back the way you came and get out of here.
Go back to Algeria.
Go back to Algiers now.
Go back to Algiers.
Go back to Australia.
Go back to Boston.
Go back to Churkistan!
Go back to Tom.
Go back to bed now.
Go back to bed.
Go back to doing your work.
Go back to eating.
Go back to school or get a job.
Go back to school.
Go back to sleep.
Go back to sleep. Joe Biden isn't real; he can't hurt you.
Go back to the closet.
Go back to the house.
Go back to the lab.
Go back to the laboratory.
Go back to the office.
Go back to the party.
Go back to the ranch.
Go back to the seat.
Go back to the ship.
Go back to the tent.
Go back to the waiting room.
Go back to what you were doing.
Go back to where you belong.
Go back to where you came from.
Go back to where you come from.
Go back to where you were.
Go back to work.
Go back to your bed.
Go back to your families.
Go back to your house.
Go back to your kind.
Go back to your main job.
Go back to your mother.
Go back to your office.
Go back to your parents.
Go back to your quarters.
Go back to your room and stay there.
Go back to your room!
Go back to your room.
Go back to your rooms.
Go back to your seat.
Go back to your seats.
Go back to your story!
Go back to your work.
Go back!
Go back, Satan!
Go back, Tom.
Go back, and never set foot upon the moor again.
Go back.
Go backward.
Go be with Tom.
Go be with her.
Go be with him.
Go be with them.
Go before your mom sees us.
Go boil your head!
Go brush your hair.
Go brush your teeth now.
Go brush your teeth.
Go build something.
Go buy a case of beer.
Go buy it before it gets dark. You know the city is more dangerous at night.
Go buy me a car.
Go buy me some eggs.
Go buy new light bulbs.
Go buy some bird food.
Go buy some green peas — the frozen kind.
Go buy some ice.
Go buy some whipping cream.
Go buy something to eat.
Go by taxi.
Go by tram.
Go by yourself!
Go can be played with a handicap: the less experienced player takes black stones and starts with some stones already placed on the board.
Go catch Tom.
Go change quickly or else I won't bring you along.
Go change quickly or else I won't take you with me.
Go chase yourself!
Go chat with her.
Go check and see if he's home.
Go check and see if she's home.
Go check on Tom.
Go check on Ziri.
Go check on things.
Go check to see if Tom is at home.
Go check who it is.
Go choke!
Go choke.
Go clean your room!
Go clean your room.
Go clean yourself up.
Go close the boot.
Go close the safe.
Go close the trunk.
Go crazy.
Go dance off those extra pounds.
Go die in a fire!
Go die in a fire.
Go directly to Tom.
Go directly to the airport. Otherwise, you'll be late.
Go do as you like.
Go do it before your parents get mad at you.
Go do something else.
Go do something.
Go do your fucking homework, right now!
Go do your homework.
Go down deep enough into anything and you will find mathematics.
Go down into the basement and stay there.
Go down into the cellar and get us a couple of bottles of wine.
Go down one octave.
Go down the stairs.
Go down the street for about five minutes, and you will see the department store to the right.
Go down there.
Go down this road until you get to a traffic light and then turn left.
Go down this street and turn right at the bank.
Go down this street three blocks.
Go down to the cellar and get some wine.
Go downstairs and have a wash.
Go downstairs.
Go drink a glass of water.
Go drink some water.
Go drive your car to work.
Go early in order to get a good seat.
Go early.
Go easy on Bob. You know, he's been going though a rough period recently.
Go easy on Bob. You know, he’s been going though a rough period recently.
Go easy on him!
Go easy on him.
Go easy on him. He's still new around here.
Go easy on him. He’s still new around here.
Go easy on the beer!
Go easy on the beer.
Go easy on the booze.
Go easy on the pepper.
Go easy on the wine.
Go easy on them!
Go easy on them.
Go easy with the water.
Go easy!
Go easy.
Go eat breakfast.
Go eat shit!
Go eat!
Go eat.
Go exercise more.
Go exercise outside.
Go explore that.
Go far away and for a long time!
Go fast to Azawad.
Go fast!
Go faster if you don't want us to be late!
Go faster if you don't want us to be late.
Go faster!
Go faster.
Go feed the chickens.
Go fetch some milk.
Go fetch some water from the well.
Go fetch us some bread.
Go figure!
Go figure.
Go fill the ice pack.
Go find Tom.
Go find a flashlight in the attic.
Go find a torch in the attic.
Go find her.
Go find him.
Go find out.
Go find somebody who can help.
Go find someone else to be your slave.
Go find someone else to play with.
Go find something else to do.
Go find something useful to do.
Go find the cops.
Go find them.
Go finish your breakfast.
Go first to those who you are sure will help you.
Go first.
Go fix the hot-water bottle.
Go fly a kite.
Go for Tom's legs.
Go for Tom. We need him here.
Go for a run.
Go for a walk as often as possible.
Go for a walk every day.
Go for a walk outside.
Go for a walk.
Go for broke!
Go for help.
Go for it!
Go for it! Jump!
Go for it, Tom.
Go for it, Tom. See if you can do it.
Go for it, and don't hold back.
Go for it, mate.
Go for it.
Go for plenty of walks.
Go for something else, in that case.
Go for the eyes.
Go for their legs.
Go forth! Without fear and without respite!
Go forthward.
Go forward, then turn right, go through the traffic light, and you're there.
Go free, my beloved sentence.
Go fuck a refrigerator, peckerneck.
Go fuck yourself with your ideology.
Go fuck yourself!
Go fuck yourself, Ziri.
Go fuck yourself.
Go get 'em tiger!
Go get Sami. We're leaving.
Go get Tom a blanket.
Go get Tom right away.
Go get Tom's wheelchair.
Go get Tom.
Go get a beer.
Go get a chair and sit here with us.
Go get a doctor.
Go get a drink of water.
Go get a flashlight.
Go get a long rope.
Go get a shovel.
Go get changed.
Go get coffee.
Go get help.
Go get her a blanket.
Go get her medicine and a glass of water.
Go get her right now.
Go get him a blanket.
Go get him.
Go get it.
Go get me a pillow.
Go get me a sweater.
Go get me another beer.
Go get me my bicycle.
Go get me my bike.
Go get me some chalk from the next room.
Go get me some matches.
Go get me some punch or something.
Go get my hat!
Go get ready for bed.
Go get ready for school.
Go get some bread.
Go get some firewood.
Go get some food.
Go get some help.
Go get some ivy vines.
Go get some rest.
Go get some sleep.
Go get some tools.
Go get some towels.
Go get some water.
Go get somebody else.
Go get the car out.
Go get the dog some food.
Go get the door.
Go get the keys. We have to get this door open.
Go get the matches.
Go get the newspaper.
Go get the onions; I'll chop them.
Go get the rest of the prisoners.
Go get them a blanket.
Go get us some beers.
Go get your car.
Go get your hair cut.
Go get your helmet.
Go get your helmets.
Go get your passport.
Go get your shoes polished.
Go get your stuff, Ziri.
Go get yourself a cup of coffee.
Go get yourself ready.
Go get yourself some sleep.
Go get yourself something to eat.
Go get yourselves something to eat.
Go grab a drink.
Go grab your backpack.
Go grab your briefcase.
Go have a beer.
Go have fun.
Go have some fun.
Go heat up some water.
Go heat up some water. I wanna wash up.
Go help Fadil.
Go help Mary as soon as possible.
Go help Mom.
Go help Sami.
Go help Tom as soon as possible.
Go help Tom.
Go help her.
Go help him.
Go help them.
Go help your brother with his homework.
Go help your brother!
Go help your father.
Go help your mom with the dishes.
Go help your mom.
Go help your mother.
Go home and change.
Go home and come back when you've calmed down.
Go home and get a good night's rest.
Go home and get some rest.
Go home and get some sleep.
Go home and lock the door from the inside.
Go home and never return.
Go home and relax.
Go home and sleep a little.
Go home and sleep on it.
Go home and spend time with your families.
Go home and spend time with your family.
Go home and stay home.
Go home and stay there.
Go home and wait for me to contact you.
Go home immediately.
Go home now.
Go home quickly.
Go home right now.
Go home to your wife, Tom.
Go home to your wife.
Go home with Ziri.
Go home!
Go home, Tatoeba. You're drunk.
Go home, Tom.
Go home, Tom. You're drunk.
Go home, Yanni.
Go home, for today is enough.
Go home, get under the shower and forget everything.
Go home.
Go home. Get some rest.
Go home. I'll find somebody else to help me.
Go if you want to go.
Go if you want to.
Go if you want.
Go immediately, because you will miss the train.
Go in and win!
Go in peace!
Go in peace.
Go in the field.
Go in the house right now.
Go in the house.
Go in there!
Go in through the narrow gate.
Go in, Gerard.
Go in.
Go inside and change into your bathing suit.
Go inside and change into your swimsuit.
Go inside and help your father.
Go inside and help your mother.
Go inside and help your sister.
Go inside that building. I will tell you what to do next.
Go inside the mosque.
Go inside!
Go inside.
Go into the Device Manager and uninstall all the Universal Serial Bus controllers.
Go into the garden.
Go into the house or I'll have to take you in by force.
Go into the house, otherwise I'll force you.
Go into the kitchen and see if the coffee has gone through yet.
Go into the kitchen and see whether the coffee has filtered through yet.
Go into the lab.
Go into the office. I'll follow you in a few moments.
Go is a game of dispute and conquest of territory.
Go is known as igo in Japan, weiqi in China and baduk in Korea.
Go is my only distraction.
Go is played on a board with the same number of vertical and horizontal lines, including the lines that delimit the board. The most used boards are those with 9x9, 13x13, and 19x19 lines.
Go is played on the points of the board, not on the squares.
Go is the world's oldest, simplest, and most complex game.
Go is very popular in Korea under the name baduk.
Go join the others.
Go join your sisters.
Go jump in the lake!
Go jump in the lake.
Go jump off a building!
Go jump off a building.
Go jump off a cliff!
Go jump off a cliff.
Go keep Tom company.
Go kill yourself.
Go kiss an orc.
Go kiss someone else.
Go knock on Tom's door.
Go left after the next corner.
Go left there, then the second street on the right, and then we'll be there.
Go left up this lane, past the pub, and keep going. When you reach the brow of the hill, you'll see the church on your right and the sea beyond that.
Go left!
Go lick a tree.
Go lie down.
Go live and see the world.
Go look for it.
Go looking for trouble, and you'll find it.
Go lower!
Go lunch with me or I'll fart.
Go make me a sandwich.
Go make popcorn.
Go make them understand!
Go meet Tom.
Go meet him.
Go milk the cows.
Go more easy on yourself! You're always challenging yourself so hard and you're always pushing yourself way too hard.
Go more slowly.
Go mow the lawn.
Go next door.
Go now before it's too late.
Go now!
Go now, or you'll miss the bus.
Go now.
Go nuts.
Go offline.
Go on Tom, drink it.
Go on ahead and tell the others we're coming.
Go on ahead if you want to.
Go on ahead if you want.
Go on ahead without me.
Go on ahead, Tom.
Go on ahead.
Go on ahead. I'll catch up with you soon.
Go on ahead. I’ll catch up with you soon.
Go on and move in with your squeeze; I want nothing whatsoever to do with you anymore.
Go on and say it.
Go on and tell her, idiot!
Go on away out of that!
Go on board.
Go on foot.
Go on home.
Go on in.
Go on inside.
Go on like this!
Go on running for thirty minutes.
Go on the offensive.
Go on the underground, and you'll get to hospital quicker.
Go on then!
Go on to Google and research this.
Go on to the next stage.
Go on until Tom says to stop.
Go on with your story. That is so interesting!
Go on with your story; I'm vastly diverted by it!
Go on with your work.
Go on without me.
Go on your way.
Go on!
Go on! I'm waiting.
Go on! Jump!
Go on, Thomas.
Go on, Tom, I'm listening.
Go on, Tom, we're listening.
Go on, Tom.
Go on, but in Finnish.
Go on, eat.
Go on, it's your turn.
Go on, say it out loud, you have recited everything very well.
Go on, show us what you can do.
Go on, since you've started it.
Go on, sit down.
Go on, snigger.
Go on, speak, I'm all ears.
Go on, take a guess!
Go on, tell me about it.
Go on, tell us.
Go on, you tell him now — that it’s not like that!
Go on.
Go on. I'll catch up.
Go on. You can do it.
Go only there.
Go onto the balance beam!
Go out and breathe some fresh air instead of watching TV.
Go out and don't care about what they say!
Go out and get some fresh air instead of watching TV.
Go out and get some more firewood.
Go out and have a good time once in a while instead of just studying all the time.
Go out and look at the blue skies.
Go out and look at the blue sky.
Go out and meet people.
Go out and play.
Go out now or I'm going to have to call the police.
Go out now or I'm gonna have to call the police.
Go out of the room at once.
Go out of the terminal and turn right.
Go out on the road and you'll see.
Go out the back door into the garden and look for a big blue flower.
Go out there and don't be nervous.
Go out walking as often as possible.
Go out with me tonight.
Go outside and enjoy this nice weather.
Go outside and help your father.
Go outside and play now.
Go outside and play.
Go outside for a walk.
Go outside if you want to smoke.
Go outside, or come in.
Go outside.
Go over it again.
Go over the choices again.
Go over the list again.
Go over there and eat your lunch.
Go over there and see if you can help them out.
Go over there for a second.
Go over there!
Go over there, and await further instructions.
Go over there, meet my grandparents, and ingratiate yourself.
Go over there.
Go over to Tom's.
Go past the hotel and the shop is on the left.
Go pick Tom up.
Go pick her up.
Go pick him up.
Go pick them up.
Go pick up Mom at the station.
Go placidly amid the noise and haste, and remember what peace there may be in silence.
Go placidly amid the noise and the haste, and remember what peace there may be in silence.
Go play baseball!
Go play in traffic.
Go play in your room.
Go play on the highway, kids!
Go play outside.
Go play outside. It's a beautiful day.
Go play tennis with Tom.
Go play tennis with her.
Go play tennis with him.
Go play with Tom.
Go play with him.
Go play with the other kids.
Go play with your friends now.
Go play with your friends.
Go play with your legos.
Go pray in the mosque.
Go put on something more conservative.
Go put some clean clothes on.
Go put some clothes on.
Go put the kettle on.
Go put your pajamas on.
Go quicker!
Go quickly for help!
Go quickly!
Go rest. I'll clean the kitchen up. Mom! Please go to your room!
Go rest. I'll clean this up.
Go right ahead.
Go right now.
Go risk your head and think a thought which now no one has had yet; go risk your step and walk a way which now no one has trod yet; that Man may build himself, and not be made by other objects.
Go risk your head and think a thought which until now no one has had; go risk your step and walk a path which until now no one has trod; so that Man may build himself, and not be made by anyone or anything else.
Go rot in hell!
Go round through all thy flocks, and separate all the sheep of divers colours, and speckled; and all that is brown and spotted, and of divers colours, as well among the sheep as among the goats, shall be my wages.
Go say goodbye to Grandpa.
Go say goodbye to Tom.
Go say goodbye to them before they leave.
Go say hello to Tom.
Go say hi to Tom.
Go screw yourself!
Go scrub the bathtub.
Go search for something to eat in the refrigerator.
Go see Tom.
Go see Yuri play.
Go see a doctor, that's the best you can do.
Go see a doctor.
Go see for yourself.
Go see her.
Go see him!
Go see him.
Go see how Tom is.
Go see if Tom is OK.
Go see if your brother fell asleep.
Go see it if you never want to sleep again!
Go see the shaman.
Go see them.
Go see what Cookie's barking about.
Go see what that noise is.
Go see what's going on!
Go see what's going on.
Go see what's happening.
Go see what's out there.
Go see who it is.
Go see who's at the door.
Go see who's here.
Go see why your dog is barking so loud!
Go send for Tom.
Go separately!
Go shave, you'll look better.
Go shove it.
Go sit down before you get hurt.
Go sit down.
Go sit in the car.
Go sit in the corner.
Go sleep in your own room.
Go sleep!
Go slow if the road is muddy.
Go slow.
Go slower.
Go slowly!
Go someplace where there aren't any Algerian people.
Go somewhere else.
Go somewhere else. I want to be alone.
Go stand over there and wait for me.
Go straight 200m, then turn right.
Go straight a thousand meters, then turn right.
Go straight across the square.
Go straight ahead along this street.
Go straight ahead and follow the signs.
Go straight ahead and turn to the left.
Go straight ahead and you will find it. You can't miss it.
Go straight ahead and you will find it. You can’t miss it.
Go straight ahead and you will see the bank.
Go straight ahead on this street.
Go straight ahead until you reach the church.
Go straight ahead!
Go straight ahead.
Go straight along this street.
Go straight down the road, and when you pass the traffic light you're there.
Go straight down the road, and when you pass the traffic light you’re there.
Go straight down this road.
Go straight down this street and turn right at the third light.
Go straight home.
Go straight on down this street until you see a traffic light, then turn left.
Go straight on down this street.
Go straight on to the end of the road.
Go straight on, and you will find the store.
Go straight on.
Go straight over at the lights.
Go straight over at the traffic lights.
Go straight over the crossroads.
Go straight until you see the post office, then turn right.
Go straight up the street for about 100 meters, and you will get to the junction of three roads.
Go straight, and you will find the station.
Go straight, then take the second street to the left and turn immediately again to the right. That will be Karlova Street and then you should keep going straight across Charles Bridge to Mostecka Street and on to MalostranskÃ© Square.
Go straight, then take the second street to the left and turn immediately again to the right. That will be Karlova Street and then you should keep going straight across Charles Bridge to Mostecka Street and on to Malostranské Square.
Go straight, then turn right.
Go straight.
Go study.
Go suck a dick!
Go suck a lemon.
Go sweep the floor!
Go swim!
Go swimming!
Go take a shower now.
Go take a shower.
Go take a shower. You smell like shit.
Go take a walk in the park.
Go take a walk.
Go talk about your religion with other people who care.
Go talk to Jane. She'll back up everything I've said.
Go talk to Jane. She’ll back up everything I’ve said.
Go talk to Skura.
Go talk to Tom about that.
Go talk to Tom yourself.
Go talk to Tom.
Go talk to her yourself.
Go talk to her.
Go talk to him yourself.
Go talk to him.
Go talk to them.
Go talk to your Honda friends.
Go talk to your mother.
Go tell Daddy goodnight.
Go tell Tom how you feel.
Go tell Tom right away.
Go tell Tom that.
Go tell Tom to get ready.
Go tell Tom yourself.
Go tell Tom.
Go tell her how you feel.
Go tell her that.
Go tell her to get ready.
Go tell her who you are.
Go tell her.
Go tell him how you feel.
Go tell him that.
Go tell him to get ready.
Go tell him who you are.
Go tell him yourself.
Go tell him.
Go tell someone who's interested.
Go tell that to Tom.
Go tell the Spartans, stranger passing by, that here, obedient to their laws, we lie.
Go tell the front desk.
Go tell them how you feel.
Go tell them that.
Go tell them to get ready.
Go tell them who you are.
Go tell them.
Go tell those fibs to someone else.
Go that way.
Go the extra mile; it's not crowded.
Go the fuck away!
Go then, teach all the nations.
Go there alone.
Go there and talk to her.
Go there and talk to him.
Go there as quickly as possible.
Go there by yourself.
Go there now.
Go there only.
Go there right now.
Go there tomorrow!
Go there with me.
Go there with your friends.
Go there yourself if you like, but I want no part of it.
Go there yourself.
Go there!
Go there.
Go therefore and work: straw shall not be given you, and you shall deliver the accustomed number of bricks.
Go therefore, and I will be in thy mouth; and I will teach thee what thou shalt speak.
Go this way.
Go through fire and water.
Go through the back door into the garden and look for a big blue flower.
Go through the back door of the house into the garden and look for a big blue flower.
Go through the market.
Go through the orange door.
Go through this text quickly and tell me if you understand what's written here.
Go to Afghanistan and be a loud woman there! You're dead!
Go to Algeria.
Go to Boston.
Go to Grandma's!
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.
Go to Kabylie this holiday season. It's going to be lovely.
Go to Kabylie.
Go to Ottawa!
Go to Tatoeba on your phone for a free pocket phrasebook.
Go to Tom's house.
Go to Vera this very minute and tell her you're sorry.
Go to Ziri and introduce yourself.
Go to a different area.
Go to a marriage counselor.
Go to a park.
Go to baggage claim.
Go to bed after your bath.
Go to bed and get some rest.
Go to bed and sleep.
Go to bed because I'm dead tired.
Go to bed early.
Go to bed if you're tired.
Go to bed now, we'll talk tomorrow.
Go to bed now.
Go to bed on time.
Go to bed!
Go to bed, Tom.
Go to bed, Tom. You need to get up early tomorrow morning.
Go to bed.
Go to bed. It's a school night.
Go to bed. You have school tomorrow.
Go to blazes!
Go to church with your parents and pray for her.
Go to granny!
Go to hell!
Go to hell, all of you!
Go to hell.
Go to her office and give it to her.
Go to him and greet him on my behalf.
Go to him in the morning, behold he will go out to the waters: and thou shalt stand to meet him on the bank of the river: and thou shalt take in thy hand the rod that was turned into a serpent. And thou shalt say to him: The Lord God of the Hebrews sent me to thee, saying: Let my people go to sacrifice to me in the desert: and hitherto thou wouldst not hear.
Go to him!
Go to hospital.
Go to mom's room and put the clothes there.
Go to my place later.
Go to page 30.
Go to psychotherapy.
Go to red alert.
Go to riyadh.
Go to school and study!
Go to school together.
Go to school! You lazy bastard.
Go to school, lazybones!
Go to school.
Go to see a doctor immediately.
Go to see what Tom did.
Go to sleep Tom! You need to wake up early tomorrow!
Go to sleep early today.
Go to sleep if you're tired.
Go to sleep now.
Go to sleep or I will bonk you with this cast iron pan.
Go to sleep soon.
Go to sleep when you're exhausted.
Go to sleep whenever you want.
Go to sleep!
Go to sleep, Tom.
Go to sleep, Tom. You need to wake up early tomorrow morning.
Go to sleep, buddy!
Go to sleep, sweetheart.
Go to sleep, tomorrow you have to get up early.
Go to sleep.
Go to speak with someone else.
Go to the Church, you'll find Jesus there.
Go to the airport.
Go to the back of the line.
Go to the back of the queue.
Go to the barber's to have your hair cut.
Go to the barber.
Go to the barbershop.
Go to the barber’s to have your hair cut.
Go to the basement.
Go to the bathroom instead of farting here next to me.
Go to the beach.
Go to the blackboard and write what you’re told.
Go to the blackboard.
Go to the board.
Go to the bookstore and buy a couple of books to read on your trip.
Go to the bookstore.
Go to the bottom of the hill and turn left.
Go to the bridge.
Go to the church, and ask God to forgive you.
Go to the devil!
Go to the devil.
Go to the doctor at once!
Go to the doctor to get your prescription!
Go to the end of the line.
Go to the exam review and annoy the lecturers there with your questions.
Go to the extraction point.
Go to the eye doctor.
Go to the front building.
Go to the front desk to ask for some information.
Go to the funeral.
Go to the garage.
Go to the garden.
Go to the gym.
Go to the hairdresser's.
Go to the hardware store and buy a roll of insulating tape.
Go to the hardware store and get screws.
Go to the helipad.
Go to the heliport.
Go to the history department or education department.
Go to the hospital, the two of you.
Go to the hospital.
Go to the hotel and get some dinner.
Go to the kitchen.
Go to the left on the highway and follow it for a few meters.
Go to the library first.
Go to the library.
Go to the lifeboats!
Go to the living room.
Go to the market!
Go to the mosque five times a day.
Go to the mosque now.
Go to the mosque.
Go to the movies with her.
Go to the museum.
Go to the office.
Go to the other side.
Go to the page of those who won the Nobel Prize.
Go to the park.
Go to the patio.
Go to the post office and ask what's our new ZIP code.
Go to the post office and ask what's our new postal code.
Go to the post office and buy some postcard and few stamps.
Go to the principal's office right now.
Go to the principal's office.
Go to the railway station.
Go to the sea and tell your heart's content.
Go to the second traffic light, and turn left.
Go to the shop before it closes.
Go to the shop.
Go to the station.
Go to the store and buy us some food.
Go to the store before it closes.
Go to the store!
Go to the store.
Go to the supermarket and buy us enough to last a week.
Go to the top!
Go to the valley of the wind.
Go to the welcome desk to ask for some information.
Go to the wine cellar and get a couple of bottles of wine.
Go to the wolf.
Go to the women's-only line. It's much shorter.
Go to therapy.
Go to those who you are sure will help you.
Go to work in Austria.
Go to work together.
Go to work, Tom.
Go to work, everyone.
Go to work, send your kids to school. Follow fashion, act normal, walk on the pavements, watch TV. Save for your old age. Obey the law. Repeat with me: I am free.
Go to work.
Go to yellow alert.
Go to your granny.
Go to your happy place.
Go to your little sister.
Go to your posts.
Go to your quarters.
Go to your respective seats.
Go to your room and don't come out until I say so!
Go to your room and stay there until I ask for you to come back.
Go to your room and stay there until you are ready to confess.
Go to your room and stay there until your father comes home.
Go to your room and stay there.
Go to your room and think about what I said.
Go to your room and think about what you did.
Go to your room and think about what you've done!
Go to your room and wait there until I call you.
Go to your room now!
Go to your room!
Go to your room, young lady, and think about what you did!
Go to your room, young man!
Go to your room.
Go to your seat.
Go to your sister!
Go to your spot.
Go to, let us go down, and there confound their language, that they may not understand one another's speech.
Go together.
Go touch grass.
Go towards the south.
Go two blocks along this street and turn left.
Go two blocks and turn left.
Go up the stairs.
Go up the street.
Go up these stairs.
Go up those stairs.
Go up to ground level at exit B2.
Go up to the blackboard.
Go up to the board.
Go up!
Go up.
Go upstairs and bring down my trunk.
Go upstairs and do what you have to do.
Go upstairs and go to bed.
Go upstairs right now and clean your room.
Go upstairs!
Go upstairs.
Go visit a doctor.
Go visit your mother.
Go visit your parents.
Go wait in the car.
Go wait outside.
Go wake Mary up and tell her breakfast is ready.
Go wake Mary up and tell her that breakfast is ready.
Go wake Tom and Mary up and tell them breakfast is ready.
Go wake Tom and Mary up and tell them that breakfast is ready.
Go wake Tom up and tell him breakfast is ready.
Go wake Tom up and tell him that breakfast is ready.
Go wake Tom up.
Go wake her up.
Go wake him up.
Go wake them up.
Go wake up Mary and tell her that breakfast is ready.
Go wake up Tom and tell him that breakfast is ready.
Go warm up.
Go wash the dishes.
Go wash those figs.
Go wash up before dinner.
Go wash up!
Go wash up.
Go wash your face.
Go wash your hands.
Go wash your shoes before that cement sets.
Go wash yourselves.
Go watch some TV.
Go watch that video.
Go watch the movie.
Go watch the video.
Go water the lawn.
Go well.
Go west.
Go when you want.
Go whenever you want.
Go where glory waits thee! But while fame elates thee, oh, still remember me!
Go where he will, he will be welcomed.
Go where nobody knows you.
Go where you will be undisturbed, where there is plenty of room, and where a key may be turned if there is possibility of interruption.
Go where you will in Holland, you will see windmills.
Go where you will, you can't hope for success without effort.
Go where you will, you can’t hope for success without effort.
Go wherever you like.
Go wherever you want.
Go with God!
Go with Tom.
Go with caution.
Go with her to the fountain.
Go with her!
Go with her.
Go with him to warsaw.
Go with him!
Go with him.
Go with me, Tom.
Go with me.
Go with peace.
Go with that girl.
Go with the finger!
Go with the flow.
Go with the truth.
Go with them to their village.
Go with them!
Go with them.
Go with these gentlemen.
Go with these men.
Go with us!
Go with who you want to go with.
Go with your friends.
Go with your gut.
Go with your instinct.
Go with your instincts.
Go with your own feet.
Go without me!
Go without me.
Go without saying anything.
Go without thinking twice!
Go without us.
Go write a manifesto about it.
Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.
Go!
Go! Everybody can start to go!
Go! You can do it!
Go, Bleus!
Go, I don't hate you.
Go, I don’t hate you.
Go, Kaʻiulani.
Go, Mark! Run!
Go, Tom!
Go, already!
Go, before I change my mind.
Go, before it's too late.
Go, but a hungry wolf might prowl around there.
Go, but a hungry wolf might roam there.
Go, do not wait, the night is coming.
Go, get to work!
Go, give me.
Go, go! Don't worry about leaving me behind.
Go, go! Don't worry about me.
Go, go! Go without me.
Go, go, go!
Go, it's your turn.
Go, leave me alone.
Go, or I will never speak to you again.
Go, or you'll be late.
Go, otherwise you'll be late.
Go, please, to the house of your brother Amnon.
Go, sleep.
Go, take this money, and offer it to Dryas.
Go, trace!
Go, wash your hands.
Go.
Go; they're waiting for you.
Go; you're expected.
Goal!
Goalkeepers catch shots less than they used to.
Goals change games.
Goals determine what you are going to be.
Goals unleash potential.
Goat cheese is healthy.
Goat meat is tasty and can be prepared in different ways.
Goat milk is easy for the body to digest.
Goats are nosy, social animals.
Goats aren't very hard to milk.
Goats can eat almost anything.
Goats do not like getting wet and will seek shelter quicker than sheep and other livestock.
Goats give us milk.
Goats have small tufts of hair on the lower part of the face. So a goatee is facial hair in about the same part of the chin on a man. It looks a little like the beard on a male goat.
Goats have two hollow horns.
Goats like being brushed.
Goats like figs.
Goats need a bigger place.
Goats need to stay dry and warm.
Goats need water.
Goats roamed freely in the mountains.
Goblinland was indeed the crater of an immense ancient volcano.
Goblins are a common element of European folklore.
Goblins are real.
God above helped us.
God affirms this in the Quran.
God afflicted her.
God afflicted him.
God agrees with my politics.
God also learned. You can tell by the improvements in the creation of women.
God also said: let the waters bring forth the creeping creature having life, and the fowl that may fly over the earth under the firmament of heaven.
God also said; Let the waters that are under the heaven be gathered together into one place: and let the dry land appear. And it was so done.
God always measures.
God always wants little girls to say their prayers.
God and Allah are the same thing.
God and my right.
God and the devil are awesome.
God and the devil are really super.
God answered Mary's prayers.
God answered Tom's prayers.
God answered her prayers.
God answered his prayers.
God answered my prayer.
God appointed blue to be an everlasting source of delight.
God appreciates clean hands, not full ones.
God be with all of you.
God be with me.
God be with us.
God be with you!
God be with you, Tom.
God be with you.
God began to open my eyes.
God bless Algeria.
God bless America, or it'll invade Heaven.
God bless America.
God bless Germans!
God bless Kabylie and all of Algeria.
God bless Palestine.
God bless Russia!
God bless Tatoeba!
God bless Tom and Mary.
God bless Yanni.
God bless Ziri.
God bless all of you.
God bless atheism.
God bless everyone here.
God bless her!
God bless my country, Algeria.
God bless our country, Algeria.
God bless this country.
God bless you all.
God bless you and your family.
God bless you guys.
God bless you!
God bless you, Ziri.
God bless you, and us with it!
God bless you.
God bless you. God bless the United States of America.
God bless.
God blessed me to be a part of this community.
God blesses the poor before the rich.
God blesses those who curb their tongue.
God blesses those who repent.
God breathed into his nostrils the breath of life.
God can be found everywhere.
God can bring you through and make you better.
God can do anything!
God can do anything.
God can do that.
God can do this.
God can fix it.
God can forgive sins if He wants to.
God can forgive sins.
God can't give people a gender, as God isn't real.
God cannot make a triangle with more than 180 degrees.
God cares about us.
God cares about you.
God caused her suffering.
God caused him suffering.
God chastised him for his bad behavior.
God continues to give me hope.
God could fix this.
God could not be everywhere, therefore he created mothers.
God created Padania and, realizing the error, created the fog.
God created all men equal but men think it differently.
God created all of us.
God created all things.
God created everything.
God created her.
God created him.
God created hundreds of thousands of alchemy; But man never found an alchemy like the patience, you see.
God created man because He was disappointed with the monkey. Then, He stopped doing more experiments.
God created man in his own image, God is a warrior.
God created man in his own image.
God created man to enjoy, not destroy, the fruits of the earth and of their own toil.
God created man to suffer.
God created man.
God created mankind.
God created me.
God created the devil.
God created the dinosaurs.
God created the earth and took a rest one day later; though ever since he created women, he has had no peace and quiet.
God created the earth in six days.
God created the heaven and the earth.
God created the universe in six days. Only humans invented the five-day week.
God created the universe.
God created the world in six days.
God created the world.
God created you.
God creates beauty from ashes.
God creates the world.
God dammit!
God dammit! What were you even thinking?
God damn it!
God damn it, there are my in-laws.
God damn it, what the hell is wrong with them?
God damn it, what the hell is wrong with you?
God damn it.
God damn you!
God damn you.
God damn!
God damn, they're thick as fucking bricks.
God damned the murderer to hell.
God dash it all!
God destroyed the liberal cities of Sodom and Gomorra.
God did it.
God didn't want it.
God died. We killed Him.
God died. We killed him.
God does exist.
God does not look at appearance, God looks at what is within man.
God does not play dice with the universe.
God does not sleep.
God doesn't control what humans do to each other.
God doesn't exist.
God doesn't give us anything we can't handle.
God doesn't have partners.
God doesn't lie.
God doesn't listen to me.
God doesn't make mistakes.
God doesn't need anything.
God doesn't play dice with the universe.
God doesn't play dice!
God doesn't talk to me.
God doesn’t play dice with the universe.
God exists, but he forgot the password.
God exists.
God exists. It's as clear as day.
God forbid it should happen!
God forbid that anything should happen to Tom.
God forbid that happen to us.
God forbid you have an idiot brother and, even worse, an enemy in your family. You will never know how to face him.
God forbid!
God forbid! I hope it doesn't come to that.
God forbid.
God forgive me for the time I've wasted.
God forgive me.
God forgives.
God fucking dammit!
God gave a job, God gives a reason.
God gave a job, god gives a reason.
God gave danger and the abyss to the sea, but in it, He mirrored the sky.
God gave her a beautiful face and a sweet voice.
God gave her a beautiful face and sweet voice.
God gave me faith.
God gave the man two ears and a mouth so that he would listen more and talk less.
God gave us the power to love.
God gave us wisdom.
God gave you a nose.
God gave you a penis and a brain, but only enough blood to run one at a time.
God gave you erectile dysfunction for a reason. He doesn't make mistakes.
God gave you eyes. Plagiarize.
God gave you so that you could give.
God gave, God has taken away.
God gave, God took away.
God give thee of the dew of heaven, and of the fatness of the earth, abundance of corn and wine.
God gives bread to those without teeth.
God gives his toughest battles to his strongest soldiers.
God gives me happiness.
God gives the nuts, but he does not crack them.
God gives, and God takes away.
God gives, and doesn't sell anything.
God grant that you come home safe and sound.
God grant us health.
God guided him to Islam.
God guided him.
God had a plan for Sami.
God had a plan for him.
God has a plan for Sami.
God has a plan for Tom.
God has a plan for you, Tom.
God has a plan for you.
God has a purpose for your life.
God has already decided the fate of humans.
God has always existed.
God has answered our prayers.
God has been very kind to the shark.
God has blessed me to become Muslim.
God has blessed me with riches.
God has blessed me with this.
God has blessed you.
God has chosen Sami tonight.
God has chosen to save only a few individuals.
God has created everything that exists.
God has endowed the world with all kinds of good things.
God has forgotten my fatherland.
God has given every person something to make others happy.
God has given me faith.
God has not willed it.
God has ordained that all men shall die.
God has sent his angels to protect you wherever you go.
God has something for you.
God hasn't abandoned us.
God hates divorce.
God hateth the bloodthirsty man; he who striketh with the sword shall perish with the sword.
God hath placed by the side of each a man’s own Guardian Spirit, who is charged to watch over him.
God have mercy!
God heard my prayers.
God heard our prayers.
God help thee, brother, as thou hast so helped two of us.
God help us all.
God help us everyone!
God help us!
God help us.
God help your mortal soul.
God help your souls!
God helps the needy.
God helps those who dare.
God helps those who help themselves.
God how I hate this job.
God in heaven, don't leave me!
God is Allah and Allah is God.
God is Allah.
God is God and religion is religion.
God is One, there is no god besides God, Muhammad is the messenger of God, and his message is the truth from God.
God is Spirit, and those who worship him must worship in spirit and truth.
God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.
God is a bird.
God is a cat.
God is a circle whose circumference is a straight line.
God is a flower.
God is a fucking faggot.
God is a furry.
God is a metaphor for that which transcends all levels of intellectual thought. It's as simple as that.
God is a tsundere.
God is a woman.
God is above us all.
God is all-aware.
God is all-knowing.
God is all-knowledgeable.
God is all-merciful.
God is all-powerful.
God is almighty and does what He wants to do.
God is almighty.
God is always faithful.
God is always present.
God is always right.
God is always watching over us.
God is always watching your every action and thought.
God is always with the strongest batallion.
God is an elephant.
God is an infinite sphere whose center is everywhere and circumference is nowhere.
God is an intelligible sphere whose center is everywhere and whose circumference is nowhere.
God is angry at us now.
God is bad.
God is bipolar.
God is called Elohim in Hebrew, Elaha in Aramaic, and Allah in Arabic.
God is calling me to Islam.
God is canonically gender-fluid.
God is dead and so are you.
God is dead, and we have killed him.
God is dead.
God is dead. And I don't feel so good either.
God is dead. And I don’t feel so good either.
God is dead. We killed him.
God is different from his creation.
God is ever-living.
God is everyone's god, not an American cowboy that unconditionally sides with America.
God is everywhere but He is most manifest in man. So serve man as God. That is as good as worshipping God.
God is everywhere.
God is evil.
God is fake.
God is gay and straight, black and white, the beginning and the end.
God is gay.
God is good all the time.
God is good at all times.
God is good, there is no devil but fear.
God is good.
God is great!
God is great.
God is greater.
God is here to guide our souls.
God is immortal.
God is in all men, but all men are not in God, that is why we suffer.
God is in control of all things.
God is in me or else is not at all.
God is in the detail.
God is infinite and immortal.
God is infinite.
God is just.
God is light, and in him is no darkness at all.
God is love.
God is merciful.
God is mighty.
God is my leader, and my sword is my companion.
God is my right.
God is my rock.
God is my witness.
God is nature. Don't go against nature.
God is near you, is with you, is inside you.
God is never wrong.
God is not a limited individual who sits alone up in the clouds on a golden throne. God is pure Consciousness that dwells within everything. Understanding this truth, learn to accept and love everyone equally.
God is not a statue.
God is not dead, He is surely alive.
God is not friendly to bad men.
God is not his creation.
God is not in a statue.
God is not the creator of everything that exists. God is everything that exists.
God is not the greatest.
God is now at the center of Sami and Layla's marriage.
God is omnipotent.
God is omnipresent.
God is omniscient.
God is one and Jesus, peace be upon him, is the messenger and servant of God.
God is one and the same.
God is one, and there is none other besides him.
God is one, her door is a thousand and one.
God is one, his door is a thousand and one.
God is one.
God is our creator.
God is our lord.
God is our maker.
God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.
God is our strength.
God is paying you.
God is perfect.
God is punishing me, isn't he?
God is real.
God is sealed in weed, so FREE JESUS!
God is silent. Now if only man would shut up.
God is simple.
God is so much greater.
God is straight.
God is talking to us through the Quran.
God is the absolute being.
God is the all-knowing.
God is the all-powerful.
God is the all-wise.
God is the almighty.
God is the author, men are only the players. These grand pieces which are played upon earth have been composed in heaven.
God is the best of providers.
God is the cause of all things.
God is the cause of everything.
God is the collective dream of fungi.
God is the creator and sustainer of the universe.
God is the creator of everything.
God is the creator of the universe.
God is the creator that controls everything.
God is the creator that controls life.
God is the creator that created us.
God is the creator.
God is the creator. Heaven and Earth and people and everything apart from God are created.
God is the designer.
God is the greatest.
God is the lord of time.
God is the maker of heaven and earth.
God is the most kind.
God is the most loving, the most merciful.
God is the most loving.
God is the most merciful.
God is the name of the great mystery.
God is the one that you worship.
God is the only reality. Everything else is an illusion.
God is the poet; men are but the actors. The great dramas of earth were written in heaven.
God is the proper name for Truth the same way Truth is the abstract name for God.
God is the supreme being.
God is the world champion of hide-and-seek.
God is up above.
God is useful.
God is watching all of it.
God is watching over Yanni.
God is, of course, omnilingual. He can understand everyone's prayers, no matter what language they're in.
God is.
God isn't an American cowboy.
God isn't real.
God keep and protect you.
God keeps his promises.
God knew donkeys so He hasn't given them horns.
God knows I am telling the truth.
God knows I tried.
God knows I've tried, but I just can't stand Stephen.
God knows in advance what is to happen across time.
God knows that it is true.
God knows that we did everything we could.
God knows we did everything we could.
God knows what he was thinking.
God knows what it was.
God knows what might happen for an hour!
God knows what their fate will be.
God knows what we need.
God knows what we'll do next.
God knows what would happen then.
God knows where he fled.
God knows where he has gone.
God knows why.
God knows.
God listened to my prayers.
God listens to me.
God lives forever.
God lives in all of us.
God lives inside a broken heart.
God looks at clean hands, not full ones.
God loves Sami.
God loves all of us.
God loves me.
God loves the truth.
God loves those who can control their anger and forgive unintentional negligence.
God loves us all.
God loves us and protects us.
God loves you and has a wonderful plan for your life.
God loves you.
God made Islam superior to any other religion.
God made everything.
God made man in His image, and man immediately returned the favor.
God made me this way.
God made the country and man made the town.
God made the flowers in Its image.
God made the universe.
God made the world round so we would never be able to see too far down the road.
God made time, but man made haste.
God made you a boy.
God makes no distinction between people with money and people without money.
God makes people who are beautiful, have a great voice and a very good memory. God also makes people who have only one of these qualities, but God also makes people who have none of these three qualities, one of whom I am.
God makes the time, makes the wind, and makes the fame.
God makes you healthy, and the doctor gets the money.
God may be listening to his wish.
God may not play dice with the universe, but something strange is going on with the prime numbers.
God mostly talks nonsense.
God moves the player, and the player moves the piece.
God must love the rich or he wouldn't divide so much among so few of them.
God needed to build billions of galaxies so that Adam could finally exist!
God needs nothing.
God never closes a door without opening another.
God never comes late.
God never forgets anyone.
God never forgets even a small kindness.
God never makes mistakes.
God obviously didn't want it.
God only knows if I can live out the 20th century.
God only knows what monsters were there with us.
God only knows where he has gone.
God only knows!
God only knows.
God only made water, but man made wine.
God opened Sami's heart to Islam.
God opened up my heart to Islam.
God or nature.
God ordered this directly.
God pays you.
God preserve us!
God preserve you!
God prevent anything from happening to Tom!
God protect Russia and its people.
God protect me from my friends – I can take care of my enemies myself.
